Original Correspondence. THE HERMIT, No. 10.--CONTEST OF BRISBANE, BLIGH, AND HUNTER. "It is not helm' or feather For ask yon despot, whether His plumed bands can bring such hands And hearts as ours together?"--Old Song. MR. EDITOR --The stagnation of age had crept over me, with its attendant imbecility and distrust in the world, and I sorrowed on my pilgrimage at the apathy around me; but my blood warms again almost to its early vigour, and rebels against the vicissitudes of heated summers and chilling winters, when I see the spirit of liberty arise, and hallow and cheer in its progress the atmosphere in which I breathe. The electors of Brisbane, Bligh, and Hunter, seem to have awaited patiently the coming of their political Messiah; satisfied, I have no doubt, that no one but a gentleman of liberal principles, of ac- knowledged integrity, and of confident talent, would presume to offer himself as their representative. Their patience has been rewarded, and a "Scott," heralded under a display of these qualifications, comes forward to walk over the course. It is not "Robert Scott" (the best of the crew); he is for some place down country; it is not "Alick Scott;" he is for t'other place down country; it is not the sapient jurisprudential.horsewhipping "Helenus;" he stays at home to nurse the property, and (hear it near and far, ye men of liberal and enlightened minds) to keep the courthouse of Singleton closed against those public displays of popular feeling, or scientific debate, that might end in contaminating its walls with radicalism, or its judgment seat with distrust. No, it is none of these, but it is Captain Scott, in plumes and feathers, and military array, who comes to take charge of our own little country ideas, and advocate our interest in the legislative assembly. No doubt but his excellency the Go- vernor will order three easy chairs to be set aside in the house of assembly for this fraternity of legislative talent; and I would suggest an addi- tional seat, an easy, good, old fashioned, very easy seat, for Helenus' accommodation, that he may sit by and assist the accouchment of his brethren's wisdom, and dry-nurse their offspring into bigotry, intolerance, and tyrannical misrule. "Another, and another 'Scott' appears, And each is welcsome as the former!" Almost any other man than one of this family might have gone unopposed into the house, but no sooner are Captain Scott's intentions known, than up start the mountaineers, as in a body, deter- mined, as I heard a gentleman say, to find some- thing else to represent them; for even Prince Whangy, of Kingdom Ponds, or King Wooloo- joobo, of the Page, would be more satisfactory to the electors than one of that grasping family, the "Scotts of Glendon." It has been said that this gentleman, "Captain Scott," can scarcely be considered as one of them, but that he is one of those ghosts of sympathy, fresher from India. So much the worse; we want not the classic attributes of India here; we want not men-with "yellow liver and jaundiced" eye-- forlorn in health, and notionised to all the beau ideal of Indian life, to represent us; above all, we want not men nurtured in an Indian hotbed of despotism and corruption, to form and fashion this little sprig of liberty that has at last been granted to us. No, no; we will repel the encroachments; so go back to India, Captain Scott, and king it there over your Coolies and your dingies, or live (if you prefer so doing) respected, if possible, in private life here, but aim not at the council, for, rest assured, that you are not fitted to govern the people of this colony. It has been strongly urged in this district (and I believe it comes from Robert Scott), that the Scotts advocated Coolie importation at private cost, but never at the public expense; granted; but this, to me, savours more of selfish iniquity still. In the first place, if Coolies were introduced here at government cost, their disposal would be under a government control, and the probability is, that their future emancipation from these shores would be enforced by the power that aided in their ar- rival,and this would be their only chance of escape from bondage. Secondly, the leviathan grasping at advantages becomes more prominent; for that which the Messrs Scott found so essentially good for themselves, had they but the welfare of this country at heart, should by them have been strongly urged as a public measure for a public good. Such ter- giversation is contemptible; it reduces the mental standard from imbecility to meanness; it shows at once the unworthiness and the unfitness of such characters for the honors they aspire to; it even shows a want of common adroitness in fighting through an unpopular measure, or creeping out of a political mistake. I even fancy that I see those venerable sages, Messrs. Blaxland and Berry, smile, and nod at each other, and whisper "brother Noodle, there are even greater fools than ourselves!" Captain Scott, good night! In this dilemma, Captain Dumaresq has been brought forward at Scone, and put in nomination by men of character and standing, and with good and creditable support. But his own advocates admit that his popularity extends no further, and that even there it is but a local compliment, his principal supporters holding themselves at liberty to support a more fitting candidate, should he offer, and which they have already pledged themselves to do Captain Dumaresq may now learn--and it will be a lesson of no contemptible degree in wisdom-- that a mental Lazarus, and a physical Herod, however suitable to the earlier days of the colony (to enforce the obligations of its felonry establish- ment, and to profit both by it and the supineness and corruption of its early governments), are equally unfit and.unpopular to finger those bright and golden institutions that we are now considered worthy to receive, and not only bound in honor and gratitude, but peremptorily ordained by God and our consciences, to defend and cherish; and of these, religious toleration stands first. I would pass by, unheeded, Donald M'Intyre, were his partisans inclined to do the same thing; but, if they will resort to every measure to promul- gate his popularity, I will here state its extent. He is principally supported in these upper districts by Mr. Robertson, the police magistrate; and Mr. Robertson fights a good and eloquent battle in his behalf. I agree with Mr. Robertson and his coun- trymen that Donald M'lntyre is far more eligible than the.other two. His business habits are those of a calculating Scotchman, sound and practical; and coupled, as I have ever heard, with a Scotch- man's integrity. He has all the parsimony of Dumaresq, all his grasping at wealth; but he has less of his aim at undivided power, and he has more talent, and (generally admitted) less shuffling. Yet in the fitness of things is he not fit! the sordid habits that make him forego the forms and ceremo- nies of civilised life, will render him obtuse to the amenilties of a council; his delicacies of feeling, too, have grown hard, and rugged, and knotted; and he would mould the laws with his iron hand, unhedged and ungraced by any of those subtleties and nice distinctions that policy and mercy have introduced into the British code, and that are doubly essential in this colony. There is no mercy in Donald M'lntyre; there never was mercy in Donald M'Intyre; yet, in the spirit of mercy and liberality \--I mean liberality of the newest and most luxuriant growth--can we survey many of the interests of this country preparatory to her hull emancipation. Such are the sentiments of a body of men con- versant with all the shades and stages, stations and usages, of life; varying in their degrees and standing from affluence and respectable colonial rank down to laborious independence and honest poverty; of men who have relinquished the gildings and frippery of a polished hemisphere, to forward the birth of that freedom, that intellect, and that consequent perfection and strength, that if cherished will render this country the envy and admiration of posterity; but, if nipped or cramped in early youth, will but serve to emancipate a few to the privation and thraldom of the whole community. I say of the whole community, for a general suffering must entail a sorrow on all. These opinions have induced a body of men to request Henry Dangar, of Neatsfield, to stand forward as their representative; and he was put in nomination for the counties of Brisbane, Bligh, and Hunter by Dr. Gill, of Birkham, at a public meeting at Murrurundi. on Monday, the 20th instant; and in- troduced in a speech of honest candour and integrity, befitting the character of the man it eulogised. Dr. Gill, a gentleman deservedly high and respected in his district, proposed Mr. Dangar as a man (to use his words) "whose sound sense, whose great experience, whose ample means, and whose standing and general conduct altogether, claim those honors that we should confer on our representative." He enumerated his various claims to this country's honors; his improvement in the breed of sheep; his introduction of valuable stock into the colony, and his claims as a father--getting stock of his own, liberally educating them, and providing for their future independence. I, unseen and unknown, pass through many haunts, and it is the privilege of my order to become unsuspectedly acquainted with many parties. Un- known to him, I too know Mr. Dangar, and I can considerably enlarge on his claims to our gratitude. He may be hard fisted, and, in times like the present, long winded; but his integrity is untainted, and his means and his disposal of them have ever proved satisfactory. He is an extensive builder and im- prover of property, employing a vast number of emigrant labourers and mechanics, under protection and constant pay; he is a promoter of his old ser- vants, backing them steadily, when they deserve it; he is a promoter of small settlers and farmers, and to my certain knowledge has purchased the failing crop, sooner than see destitution creep on his estate. His local knowledge of this country renders him un- surpassed in the necessary talent for some regulation respecting the future disposal of that land we all covet, we all are entitled to, and yet are too poor to buy. He is averse to Coolie importation, and--hear it ye powers above, and let the angel of mercy carry it to his account hereafter--he has never been a tyrant over captives! and though close and economical in his affairs, yet when scarcity of grain tendered flour one shilling a pound in his own immediate neigh- bourhood, and half-a-crown a pound in the vicinity of his estates, he refused to sanction any measure for the reduction of rations to his servants and his slaves, or to acknowledge any substitute for the staff of Iife; they were all fed with the same unsparing hand that measured his bounty in the hour of abundance. Such is Henry Dangar, and the Hermit's prayers for his success shall accompany his career! Such is the electioneering state of Murrurundi; and I have gleaned, to the best of my ability, the feelings of the district. I do not, however, think that I will again address you on political movements; the subject is barren to my taste, and the scourge is so often in requisition, that a more practised and able hand should wield it. My temper is too kind, my nature too merciful, and my language too gentle, to inflict the necessary censure. My oiled and honied terms are powerless in reproof, and in the cake and gingerbread of my satire do I but nourish the delin- quencies I would destroy. My gentle nature shudders at aught that has the appearance of struggle or re- proof; I yearn towards the bush hut--to the philo- sophy of the old Jew--to the graces of his nieces-- to the humours that surround him; and quickly shall my spirit meet his greetings. Vale! THE HERMIT IN NEW SOUTH WALES. Haydonton on the Page, Feb. 26, 1843. 