CHEAP LITERATURE FOR THE LOWER ORDERS. Mr. Edward Dobson appeared before the Commissioners of the Court of Requests, Westminster, to answer the summons of Mr. Henry Augustus Wells, who stated himself to be an author. The plaintiff stated his claim to be for £1 10s., the value of the three first chapters of three original romances which the defendant had engaged him to write for a certain penny periodical About to be published, entitled the "Penny Library of Original Romance," a work of cheap literature for the lower orders. The romances thus to be written were "Mat Missen, a tale of the sea;" " Alice Low, or the Lady and the Lord;" and "Betsy Bel J, the Poor-law Victim," portions of which, amounting altogether to ninety closely written pages, had been written for and delivered to the defendant, according to his order. Commissioner (to the defendant) : "Do you admit this, Sir ?" Defendant : "I admit the delivery of the quantity, but I object to the quality, as not being what I ordered. The writing is too tame to suit the penny readers. In 'Mat Mizen' I wanted a ghost in the first chapter, and a storm at sea; then in 'Alice Low/1 ordered a startling scene of seduction j and in "Betsy Bell," 1, ordered a scene of misery at a lodging-house in St. Giles's, none of which the plaintiff has given." Plaintiff : "It is impossible to throw all the incidents you want into a first chapter. You have got arobbery, two murders, and a sea-fight, and I think, if you will hand my manu- script up to. the Commissioners, and let it be read"- Commissioner: "What? the whole ninety pages ? No ; we are not so fond of romance here. You had better settle this matter between you, for we do confess to be versed In the mysteries of literature." Plaintiff: "If the defendant will give me a sovereign for the ninety pages, I'll be content, and I'll bring the ghost, and the storm at sea, and the seduc- tion, into the three next chapters" To this proposal the defendant agreed, and having paid the money into court, the parties ad- journed amicably to a neighboring public house, to discuss over a pipe and pot the present state of literature among the lower orders. 