SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. Sunday.—From Adelaide, South Australia, the brig Dorset, 82 tons, Capt. Walsh, with sundries. Monday.—From London, having left Portsmouth the 20th October, the ship St. George, 605 tons, Capt. Novie, with merchandise.—From Port Phillip, having left the 19th instant, the steamer Corsair, 810 tons, Capt. Bently, with sundries. From the Clarence River, having left last Friday, the steamer Sovereign, 119 tons, with 120 bales wool. Tuesday.—From Launceston, the barque Socrates, Capt. Grant, having left the 19th instant, with weat, &c.;——From Port Phillip, H. M. S. Beagle, Capt. Stokes. Wednesday.—From Moreton Bay, having left the 22nd instant, the steamer Shamrock, 200 tons, Capt. Gilmore, with wool, &c.; From Port Nicholsonj having left the 8th instant, the barque Bright Planet, 187 tons, Capt. Morrison, with oil, &c.; ' Thurday. — From Tahiti, having left the I3th Dec:., Akaroa, 11th January, and Port Nicholson, 16tli Jan uary, H. M. S. Favorite, 18 guns, Capt. Sullivan.—— From the Bay of Islands, having left the 13th instant, the American brig Nereus, 181 tons, Capt. Chapman' with 600 barrels salted salmon. Friday.—From Port Phillip 22nd, George Town 24th, and Twofold Bay 26th instants, the steamer Sea- horse, 500 tons, Capt. Tallan, with 130 bales of wool, &c.; departures. Sunday.—For Tahiti, H. M. S. Vindictive, Capt. Nicholas.——For New Zealand, the brig City of Ab- erdecn, Capt. Monro, with sundries. Tuesday.—For Moreton Bay, the schooner Edward, Capt. Gaunson, with sundries. Wednesday.—For Port Nicholson and Howe's Island, the cutter Elizabeth, Capt. Morton, with sun- dries. Friday.—For Moreton Bay, the steamer Shamrock, Capt. Gilmore, with a general cargo. For Newcastle, the brig Martha, Capt. Innen, in ballast. MARATIME. The "St. George."—This fine vessel has made the quickest passage from England of any during the sea son, having completed it in ninety-three days. She did not speak any vessel connected with this port. By her we learn that the brig Victoria left Liverpool for Syd ney direct on the 9th October. The Templar (having on board Dr. Folding) and Rebecca were to leave there for Port Phillip and Sydney, the 1st November, and the Emma, for Sydney direct, the same day. Also that the following vessels were on the berth for Sydney when the St. George left : Conqueror, 222, Collingridge ; Parkfield, 496, Wliiteside ; Chatham, 352, Oppenheim ; Earl Stanhope, 296, Fayett ; Florentia; 453, Goodwin Eweretta, 356, Darley ; Fama, 279, Bennett ; and the Strathden, which vessel was to leave on the 1st Decem ber. The barque Rajah, 352 tons, was advertised to leave Leilh, for Hobart Town and Sydney, on the 29tli October, with merchandise. The Garland Grove, for Hobart Town ; the Duchess of Northumberland, for the same place ; and the Arab, for South Australia, left Deal on the 2nd October. The Anna Robertson left the Downs two days before the St. George, for Sydney direct ; the Chatham was to leave two or three days after her ; and the Florentia was loading very fast. The "Nancy." — Weregret to stale that the Nancy, belonging to Mr. G.. Thornton, has been totally lost ai the entrance of the M'Leay River, on her passage hence to Moreton Bay. The "Corsair."—This steamer arrived from Port Phillip late on Sunday night, she has, we believe, come on to Sydney to have some of her machinery repaired. Her cabin is fitted up in a very superior manner, bein< divided off into distinct cabins containing four berths each, affording accommodation for thirty-five cabin passengers. Persons who came on. to Sydney in her, give her the character of being an excellent sea-boat. The schooners Coquette and Patterson, hence the 5th instant, arrived at Port Phillip on the 14th. The brig Christina, hence the 7th instant, arrived there on the 16th. The Seahorse was going up the Port Phillip bay as the Corsair was coming out. STANZAS. A gentle heart went forth one day, As many another heart has done, To take a strange and friendless way, And walk the mazy world alone. It had no shield, no help, no guide, And soon that heart began to find Rude foes came jostling side by side— Darkness before, despair behind. The beggar's rags that wrapped it round Met but the glance of scorn ; And all the earth seemed desert ground, Where nothing flourished but the thorn. It journeyed on its pilgrim road, 'Twixt barren waste and gloomy sky, And sunk beneath Oppression's goad To bleed unseen—to break and die. The haggard ghost—Want, Pain, and Care— More fiercely laughed, more closely pressed ; And all the wild fiends gathered there That seek to hunt down life and rest. It chanced young Love came by just then— Love wanders at all times of seasons : He travels how he will and when, lie asks no leave, he gives no reason. He saw the heart, and bent above The cheerless tiling with whispered word, And whatso'.br the tidings were The heart revived at what it heard. "Avaunt !" cried Love. " I'll shed a light To scare ye all, ye demon crew ; And Poverty, thou beldame sprit", For once I'll try my strength with you." To work he went — a' pile was reared — Such fingers work with magic charm ; And soon a brilliant flame appeared, 'Twas Love's own watchfire strong and warm. The heart grew bold beneath the rays, Its pulse beat high, it bled no more — It had fresh hope, and dared to gaze On all from which it shrunk before. It dared to smile, it dared to scoff At squalid Want and weeping Woe; While Pain and Care went further off, And grim Despair packed up to go. And thus it is the soul may smart Beneath all ills that goad and tire, But bravely rallies when the heart Is guarded by love's beacon fire. 