THE AMERICANS. EXTRACTS FROM THE WORK OF MR. DICKENS. Arrival at America. The indescribable interest with which I strained my eyes, as the first patches of American soil peeped like molehills from the green sea, and followed them as they swelled, by slow and almost imperceptible degrees, into a continuous line of coast, can hardly be exaggerated. A sharp keen wind blew dead against us; a hard frost prevailed on shore; and the cold was most severe. Yet the air was so intensely clear, and dry, and bright, that the temperature was not only endurable, but delicious. How I remained on deck, staring about me until we came alongside the dock, and how, though I had as many eyes as Argus, l should have had them all wide open, and all employed, on new objects-are topics which I will not prolong this chapter to discuss. Neither will I more than hint at my foreign- like mistake in supposing that a party of most active persons, who scrambled on board at the peril of their lives as we approached the wharfs, were newsmen, answering to that industrious class at home ; whereas, despite the leathern wallets of news slung about the necks of some, and the broad sheets in the hands of all, they were editors, who boarded ships in person (as one gentleman in a worsted comforter informed me) "because they liked the excitement of it." Suffice it in this place to say, that one of these invaders, with a ready courtesy, for which I thank him here most gratefully, went on before to order rooms at the hotel ; and that when I followed, as I soon did, I found myself rolling through the long passages with an involuntary imitation of the gait of Mr. T. P. Cooke, in a new nautical melodrama. "Dinner, if you please,'' said I to the waiter. " When ?" said the waiter. " As quick as possible," said I. " Right away ?" said the waiter. After a mo- ment's hesitation, I answered " No," at hazard. " Not right away ?" cried the waiter, with an amount of surprise that made me start. I looked at him doubtfully, and returned, "No, I would rather have it in this private room. I like it very much." At this I thought the waiter really must have gone out of his mind, as I believe he would have done, but for the interposition of another man, who whispered in his ear " Directly." " Well, and that's a fact !" said the waiter, looking helplessly at me: " Right away." I saw now that " Right away" and " Directly" were one and the same thing. So I reversed my previous answer, and sat down to dinner in ten minutes afterwards, and a capital dinner it was. The hotel (a very excellent one) is called the Tremont House. It has more galleries, colonnades, piazzas, and passages, than I remember, or the reader would believe; and is some trifle smaller than Bedford-square. THE HOUSES OF LEGISLATURE. Both houses are handsomely carpeted ; but the state to which these carpets are reduced by the universal disregard of the spittoon with which every honourable member is accommo- dated, and the extraordinary improvements on the pattern, which are squirted and dabbled upon it in every direction, do not admit of being described. I will merely observe, that I strongly recommend all strangers not to look at the floor; and if they happen to drop anything, though it be their purse, not to pick it up with an ungloved hand on any account. It is some, what remarkable, too, at first, to say the least, to see so many honourable members with swelled faces ; and it is scarcely less remarkable to discover that this appearance is caused by the quantity of tobacco they contrive to stow within the hollow of their cheek. It is strange enough, too, to see an honourable gentleman leaning back in his tilted chair, with his legs on the desk before him, shaping a convenient " plug " with his pen-knife, and when it is quite ready for use, shooting the old one from his mouth, as from a pop-gun, and clappirg the new one in its place. I was surprised to observe that even steady old chewers of great experience are not always good marksmen, which has rather inclined me to doubt that general proficiency of the rifle, of which we have heard so much in England. Several gen- tlemen called upon me, who, in the course of conversation, frequently missed the spittoon at five paces ; and one (but he was certainly short- sighted) mistook the closed sash for an open window, at three. On another occasion, when I dined out, and was sitting with two ladies and some gentlemen round a fire before dinner, one of the company fell short of the fire-place six distinct times. I am disposed to think, how- ever, that this was occasioned by his not aiming at that object ; as there was a white marble hearth before the fender, which was more convenient, and may have suited his purpose better. AMERICAN HABITS. As Washington may be called the head- quarters of tobacco-tinctured saliva, the time is come when I must confess, without any dis- guise, that the prevalence of those two odious practices of chewing and expectorating began about this time to be anything but agreeable, and soon became most offensive and sickening. In all the public places of America this filthy custom is recognised. In the courts of law, the judge has his spittoon, the crier his, the witness his, and the prisoner his, while the jurymen and spectators are provided for, as so many men who, in the course of nature, must desire to spit incessantly. In the hospitals the students of medicine are requested, by notices upon the wall, to eject their tobacco juice into the boxes provided for that purpose, and not to discolour the stairs. In public buildings visi- tors are implored, through the same agency, to squirt the essence of their quids, or ' plugs,' as I have heard them called by gentlemen learned in this kind of sweetmeat, into the national spittoons, and not about the base of the marble columns. But in some parts this custom is inseparably mixed up with every meal and morning call, and with all the trans- actions of social life. The stranger, who follows in the track I took myself, will find it in its full bloom and glory, luxuriant in all its alarming recklessness, at Washington, and let him not persuade himself (as I once did, to my shame,) that previous tourists have exag- gerated its extent. The thing itself is an exaggeration of nastiness, which cannot be outdone. AMERICAN UNIVERSITIES. Whatever the defects of American universi- ties may be, they disseminate no prejudices ; rear no bigots ; dig up the buried ashes of no old superstitions ; never interpose between the people and their improvements ; exclude no man because of his religious opinions-above all, in their whole course of study and instruc- tion, recognize a world, and a broad one too, lying beyond the college walls ! PUBLIC EESTABLISHMEN. In all the public establishments of America the utmost courtesy prevails. Most of our departments are susceptible of considerable improvement in this respect; but the Cus- tom-house, above all others, would do well to take example from the United States, and ren- der itself somewhat less odious and offensive to foreigners. The servile rapacity of the French officials is sufficiently contemptible; but there is a surly boorish incivility about our men, alike disgusting to all persons who fall into their hands, and discreditable to the nation that keep such ill- conditioned curs snarling about its gates. When I landed in America, I could not help being strongly impressed with the contrast their Custom-house presented, and the attention, politeness, and good humour with which its officers discharged their duty. AN AMERICAN RAILROAD. I made acquaintance with an American railroad, on this occasion, for the first time. As these works are pretty much alike all through the States, their general characteris- tics are easily described. There are no first and second class car- riages as with us : but there is a gentlemen's car and a ladies' car : the main distinction between which is, that in the first everybody smokes, and in the second nobody does. As a black man never travels with a white one, there is also a negro car, which is a great blundering clumsy chest, such as Gulliver put to sea in from the kingdom of Brob- dignag. There is a great deal of jolting, a great deal of noise, a great of wall, not much window, a locomotive engine, a shriek, and a bell. The cars are like shabby omnibuses, but larger-holding thirty, forty, fifty people. The seats, instead of stretching from end to end, are placed crosswise. Each seat holds two persons. There is a long row of them on each side of the caravan, a narrow pas- sage up the middle, and a door at both ends. In the centre of the carriage there is usually a stove, fed with charcoal or anthracite coal, which is for the most part red hot. It is insufferably close, and you see the hot air fluttering between yourself and any other object you may happen to look at, like the ghost of smoke. In the ladies' car there are a great many gentlemen who have ladies with them. There are also a great many ladies who have nobody with them: for any lady may travel alone from one end of the United States to the other, and be certain of the most courteous and considerate treatment everywhere. The conductor, or check-taker, or guard, or what- ever he may be, wears no uniform. He walks up and down the car, and in and out of it, as his fancy dictates; leans against the door with his hands in his pockets, and stares at you if you chance to be a stranger; or enters into conversation with the passen- gers about him. A great many newspapers are pulled out, and a few of them are read. Everybody talks to you, or to anybody else who hits his fancy. If you are an English- man, he expects that that railroad is pretty much like an English railroad. If you say "No," he says"Yes ?" (interrogatively,) and asks in what respect they differ. You enume- rate the heads of difference, one by one, and he says " Yes ?" (still interrogatively) to each. Then he guesses that you don't travel faster in England ; and on your replying that you do, says " Yes ?" again (still interrogatively,) and, it is quite evident, don't believe it. After a long pause he remarks, partly to you, and partly to the knob on the top of his stick, that "Yankees are reckoned to be con- siderable of a go-ahead people too; upon which you says " Yes," and then he says "Yes" again (affirmatively this time;) and upon your looking out of the window, tells you that behind that hill, and some three miles from the next station, there is a clever town in a smart lo-ca-tion, where he expects you have con-cluded to stop. Your answer in the negative naturally leads to more questions in reference to your intended route (always pronounced rout;) and wherever you are going you invariably learn that you can't get there without immense difficulty and danger, and thal all the great sights are somewhere else. If a lady take a fancy to any male pas- senger's seat, the gentleman who accompanies her gives him notice of the fact, and he imme- diately vacates it with great politeness. Politics are much discussed-so are banks- so is cotton. Quiet people avoid the question of the Presidency, for there will be a new election in three years and a half, and party feeling runs very high-the great constitu- tional feature of this institution being, that directly the acrimony of the last election is over, the acrimony of the next one begins ; which is an unspeakable comfort to all strong politicians and true lovers of their country that is to say, to ninety-nine men and boys out of every ninety-nine and a quarter. 