LOCAL. MR. LASCELLES.—Our reporter in reporting the case of Mackillop against Lascelles, stated that Mr. Lascelles appeared in forma pauperis. This was an egregious mistake—it should have been in propria persona. We regret that Mr. Lascelles' feelings should have been injured on this occasion. Poverty, which may be the lot of all, we consider not merely the most unjust, but the most cowardly re proach to any one. It is, in fact, none—however the base minded, or the purse proud, may consider it so. THE SEASON.—In the midst of all our troubles, it is delightful and consoling to observe the beneficent constitution of nature, whereby she labours to repair the evils we too frequently inflict upon one another. Perhaps a more genial commencement of the summer season was never witnessed tban the present, and it affords real satisfaction to state that amongst the rest of its "blessed influences," may be reckoned the almost total disappearance of the epedemic, that during the past winter committed such dreadful ravages amongst us, and entirely changed the aspect of many a cheerful fireside. It would be almost superfluous to add that the crops are rapidly flour- ishing under the operation, of such delightful weather. We are informed of the fact both by per- sonal observation in the suburbs, and written com- munications from the interior. May we prove our- selves not unmindful of such blessings, but show that they touch our hearts by exercising towards each other the benevolence and forbearance, so highly conducive both to our temporal and eternal welfare. THE DAGUERREOTYPE.—Though we have heard much of the wonders of this extraordinary instru- ment, that feeling which induces us to postpone what we can see at any moment, and perhaps a lurking distrust of its powers, procrastinated a visit to inspect—and certainly never was procrastination more justly punished. We had seen several por- traits sent from England, and having a general idea of its mode of action, we did not feel curiosity strong enough to counteract several other engage- ments, which arose from time to time, especially as the mis-called portraits we had seen were the most ghostly, though true representatives of those who wished to transmit the appearance of, not themselves, but their ghosts, to posterity. Certainly either the portraits we have hitherto seen were taken by an inferior machine, or perhaps artist, for there is much in this last, or else the art has greatly improved— for there is in those 'heads of the people' which Mr Goodman has retained from his sitters, none of that spectre-like appearance which perpetuated the countenances of the fathers to frighten the children of the next generation. We must say that we ex- pected there would be ; or some reason two or three which we have seen executed here were not good likenesses, possibly from being seen by a light which did not suit them—and though a few were so we attributed that to accident or some fortuitously favourable circumstances. Since, how- ever, we paid a visit to Mr. Goodman's study for it would not be correct to call it a machine) we have been disabused of this idea. The indifferent por- traits must, we are convinced, be the exceptions at the rule—under anything like favourable circum- stances of length and care on the part of the sitter, (or, perhaps, carelessness would be the proper ex- pression,) the countenance, with the expression it bears, is indelibly transferred, and this without trouble, inconvenience, or delay—scarce ten seconds and that the less constrained the better, is sufficient to take, not a mere likeness, but an exact portrait, expression and all. The portrait, too, is free from that ghostly homogenious appearance which per- vades those we have seen done at home. Though not coloured, the light and shade is strong, and varied as in an engraving ; and in different lights, and with different complexions the shades vary— showing with one a highly and softly aqua-tint— in another, the strong line's of a muzzo-tint, or an engraving. The most extraordinary effect is, that though all portraits, still the several likenesses of the same person exhibit the most surprising variety, changing with the varying expression of the mo- ment. Mr. Goodman has an excellent colletion of the heads of the people, not one of which can fail to be re- cognised at a glance. The Daguerreotype will well repay a visit, and Mr. Goodman, unlike the possessors of any new or almost unknown art, is communica- tive, and makes the short sojourn agreeable, not merely by the wonders of the instrument but by the account of his process, and the wonderful nature of the invention, which may certainly be classed amongst the most curious and pleasing wonders of this all inventing age. We shall return to this subject again, and give our readers, who may not have an opportunity of visiting it, an account of the machine. To those who can we would recommend a visit in person, as no description can do it justice. THE BUSHRANGERS.—Cash and Kavenagh are yet in our City Gaol, the latter offender not having yet been forwarded to his destination at Norfolk Island Jones, their late associate, there is reason to believe has, happily for himself and the community, made his escape from the colony. There can be no doubt now, that the desperado Jackey Jackey, and his four miserable associates, perished in their attempt to escape from Port Arthur. THE PADDOCK.—BATHING.—Since the advent of the present Lieutenant-Governor, who has evinced throughout a desire to convert the Government Paddock into an agreeable promenade, a painted board has very properly been exhibited, prohibiting bathing after eight o'clock a.m. We would earnestly call attention of the proper authorities to the fact, that this notice is disregarded, and to the certainty that it will continue to be so, unless a police con- stable is appointed to enforce its observance ; more especially on the Sabbath-day. On Sunday, even up to a late hour in the afternoon, persons were swimming about in all directions, to the great scandal, not only of the promenaders, but boating parties, amongst whom were many females. DREADFUL OUTRAGE.—Our readers cannot have forgotten the murder, by the convict boys, at Port Arthur, of an overseer, in open day, and the acquit- tal of the parties placed on their trial for the offence, from the prevarication, and loose and disjointed testimony of the witnesses—who were, in fact, ac- complices. We have now to record another out- rage, not less startling or repulsive than the one al- luded to. A few days ago Mr. Lapham, Superin- tendent of the Probation Gang at Maria Island, visited a prisoner to superintend his being placed in irons, for an offence of which he had been con- victed. The man suddenly seized a massive piece of iron, with which he struck Mr. Lapham two or three violent blows on the head. At the date of the last accounts Mr. Lapham was in a hopeless state. The offender has asserted that he is tired of his life, and resolved to do something for which be may "be hanged." ILLICIT STILLS.—In our last Tuesday's number, we adverted to the recent seizures by the police, of several illicit stills. The largest of these was found on the premises of Mr. Marzetii, in full operation. Two informations were sworn in, varying the charge. After several postponements the cases were fixed for hearing on Saturday. The defendant pleaded guilty to the minor charge, and was mulcted in the penally of £100 ; the principal charge having been withdrawn. We do not profess to know how this arrangement was effected ; nor shall we offer an opinion as to whether it is calculated to prove satis- factory to the public, in protection to the honest tradesman or the revenue. Several other cases stand over. THK LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL —The Council met yesterday, in pursuance of adjournment from Wed- nesday last ; and adjourned at half past four until two o'clock on Wednesday, when the Estimates, which have been in the hands of hon. Members for erul dnvs, will ho taken into consideration. Ilis Excellency read a long and important Financial ""inute, of which we sbull give a copy in our next iuber> Tho Road Bid was read a second time, after a long and auimated discussion, in which the Colonial Secretary and the Attorney General were prominent speakers ou the -one side, and Captain Fenton and Mr Gregson on the other. The hill went through Committee on the understanding that another bill will be immediately introduced to amend it! Printed copies of the Heport of tbe Board of Education were laid on the table. We shall advert to this subject in our next. A petition was presented by the Colonial Treasurer, from the Rev. Mr Li Hie, praying to be heard in favour ofthe present system of educa:ion. The Rer. gentleman, we believe, will be heard on Friday. Mr. Gregsoo gave notice of a motion for enquiry into the Survey Department. ABOUT eleven hundred signatures aro attached to the address about to be presented to Sir John Franklin. The name of almost every respectable individual in Launceston nnd its neighbourhood is to be found on the parchment.— AJIIUVAL*—Tbe Dement, Captain Macpbcrson, arrived from London direct, with a full cargo of merchandize, yesterday evening. She has had a line run out, haviug left the Down on the 4 23d July, aud tho land on the 29tb. By her we have a copy of the Sim, of tbe Slst. THR Launceston Cricket C2uh is about to be reorganised . An advertisement appears in another column, calling a meeting at tbe Cornwall Hotel on Saturday, for that purpose.— —Cornwatl Chronicle. Lauucesion Examiner. Ibid. 