AMERICAN NOTES FOR GENE- RAL CIRCULATION BY CHARLES DICKENS (BOZ.) FROM THE "EVENING PACKET" OF October 24. This long expected work of Mr Dickens, was published in London, on Wednesday. The London journals have given their readers copious extracts, from which we select the following: — LANDING AT BOSTON "When I landed in America, I could not help being strongly impressed with the contrast their Custom House presen- ted, and the attention, politeness, and good humour, with which its officers dis- charged their duty. "As we did not land at Boston, in consequence of some detention at the wharf, until after dark, I received m yfirst impressions of the city in walking down to the Custom House, on the morning after our arrival, which was Sunday. I am afraid to say, by the way, how many offers of pews and seats in church for that morning were made to us by formal note of invitation, before we had half- finished our first dinner in America; but if I may be allowed to make a moderate guess, without going into nicer calcula- tion, I should say that least as many sittings were proffered us as would have accommodated a score or two of grown- up families. The number of creeds and forms of religion to which the pleasure of our company, was requested was in very fair proportion. "When I got into the streets this Sunday morning, the air was so clear. the houses were so bright and gay; the signboards were painted in such gaudy colours ; the gilded letters were so very golden ; the bricks were so very red, the stone was so very white, the blinds and area railings were so very green, the knobs and plates upon the streeet-doors, so mar- vellously bright and twinkling; and all so slight and unsubstantial in appearance, that every thoroughfare in the city looked exactly like a scene in a pantomine. It rarely happens in the business streets that a tradesman, if I may venture to call anybody a tradesman, where everybody is a merchant, resides above his store ; so that many occupations are often carried on in one house, and the whole front is covered with boards and inscriptions. As I walked along I kept glancing up at these boards, confidently expecting to see a few of them change into something; and I never turned a corner suddenly without looking out for the clown and pantaioon, 'who, I had no doubt, were hiding in a doorway, or behind some pillar close at hand. As to harlequin and columbine; I discovered immediately that they lodged (they are always seeking after lodgings in a pantomine) at a very small clock- maker's, one storey high, near the hotel ; which, in addition to various symbols and devices, almost covering the whole front, had a great dial hanging out — to be jumped through, of course. "The suburbs, are, if possible, even more unsubstantial-looking than the city. The white wooden houses (so white that it makes one wink to look at them), with their green jalousie blinds, are so sprink- led and dropped about in all directions, without seeming to have any root at all in the ground; and the small churches and chapels are so prim and bright, and highly varnished, that I almost believed the whole affair could be taken up piece- meal like a child's toy, and crammed into a little box. "The city is a beautiful one, and cannot fail, I should imagine, to im- press all strangers favorably. The private dwelling-houses are, for the most part, large and elegant, the shops extremely good, and the public buildings handsome. The State-house is built upon the sum- mit of a hill, which rises gradually at first, and afterwards by a steep ascent, almost from the water's edge. In front is a green enclosure, called the common. I he site is beautiful, and from the top there is a charmiug panoramic /view of the whole town and neighbourhood. In .addition to a. variety of commodious offices, it contains two handsome, cham bers, in one the Uouse of Representatives of the State hold their uicctingivin tl:e other the Senate, fuch proceedings ns 1 -saw here were conducted with perfect gravity ai.d decorum, and were certainly calculated to iiispirc attentiou and ns' J)CCl.' ? . ' ? AMERICAN LAW-'COUIITS AND. ' L*V\V.YBK3. '.To an' Englishman, .accustomed to the paraphernalia, of ^Westminster Hall, nn' American court of Iuw.i'b as odd u sight as, I suppose, an English court of law would be to an American. Kxccpl in tho Supreme Court, at, Washington, (where the 'judges w--ar, a.plain black robe) there id no such thing as a wig or gown connected with the aduiiuisliation of justice. The gentlemen of the b'.ir, being barristers . nnd attorneys too; (for there is no.division of those functions as' in England), arc no more removed from' their cliiints than atlornc} s in our court lor tho relief of insolvent debtor* are from. 1 heirs. The /jury arc quite at home, and -make tliemselvib as-cumfoi-Juble^as cir-. vninstauces will permit. The -witness is bo little elevated ubovej or put aloof: from the crowd in -the count, .I hat; a stranger' entering during a pause in the' proceecl ?ings, would find it difficult to pick-hitn, (tut from' the' rest.; and ^it'il chanced to be a criminal trial,-his'eye6. iiinine cases out of ten, would 7-wander -to the- dock' in search of the prisouer-in vain;, fur, that txentleniun would, most likely,; lieloung ing among the 'most distinguished orna-' incuts of the legal profession,. whit-pering^ suggestions in his counsel's oar, or making .a toothpick of.au old.quill with h:a. pen- -k-ii(c. ' '' ' ? ,' . „'. .' r i ; ? ?' I could' iiot*-but notice ?.these' difftT- t'liccs, when 1 visited tho courts at ISostoti. 1 was much surprised at 'fiv'at, too, to obsprve, 'that the counsel' who in terrogated the witness under examination at the lime,' did -so fitting; but seeing thul he was also occupied in writing duw n thu answers, nu'd ? retnembering'tlint lie ?was alone, and had no ^junior,' 1 quickly consoled uryself with the reflection, that la\v was not quile-so expensive nn article here, as at home ; -and that the -absence of sundry formal i ties, whii'h wetregaid as iudispensalile, rhad, ?doubtless, -u -very favorable influence upon the bill of costs. 41 In every court, ample and commo dious provisioiris uiudo lor tbo aceomo dtuion of the citizena; this is the case all through AnierieaL wl u every public insii i ution,. the- right of 4ho?peoplo to attend j and to have an interest in tht'^roceedings; is most fully ami distinctly rceopnised There are no grim door-keepers to dole out their tardy civility by 'the Mxpctiny .wgrili; nor is there, J si'iicercly beliove, any . insolence of ofliee of any kind. Nothing national is exhibited for money, and no public oflieer is a showman. \Ve have begun of late 'years to imitate this good example, I hope we shall continue to do so ; and that in the fulness of time, even de.nis and chapters may be con verted.' , JkN- AMEIUCAN MlAILnOA-D. _ ' 1 made acquaintance 'with an Ame rican railroad, on this occasion', for the first lime. As these works are pretty much alike all through the tales, thoir general characteristics are easily de scri ed. . ? 'There are no -first and second class carriages as with, us ; but there:js a gen tleman's car and a ladies' car : tho main' distinction between which is, that in the first everybody'emokes, and in ,the bo cond nobody does. As a black man never, travels -with a white one, there is also. a negro car, which is a great blun dering clumsy chest,: such as Gulliver put .to sea .in, vffonv the 'kingdom of Urobdignag. There is a great deal of jolting, a -great deal ofVioise, a 'great -deal of Avail, -not much-window, aloco inolive eiigine,/a shriek, a d a bell. I -'. The cars, a re like shabby omnibuses, but largi-r, -holding thirty, forty, -fifty people. The seats, instead* of stretching front one end to the other, -arc placed crosswise. , IJaeh scat:holdsH wo' persons. 1 hero is a long row of them on each side of the caravan, a narrow passage up the middle, and. a door a: both ends. Jn the centre of the^ carriage there is usually a stove, -fed-with charcoal or -anthracite coal, which is for the, most part fed hoi. It is insufferably rlose, and you see the hot air -.fluttering between yourself and any o:her object you may haj)peniolook at, like the ghost of smoke. '? In the ladies' car there-arc -a great many gentlemen who have .ladies with them. There arc -also. a great many ladies who .have nobody /with them; foV any lady,,- may travel alone from one end of the .United Stales .*to the other, and be -certain of ahe most courteous' and considerate treatment 'everywhere. The conductor or chock.-tukcr, ,or guardj or' whatever he may be, -wears no uniform, lie walks up aud down' the car, and in and out ot it, as his fancy dictates; leans against:the door with' his hands in his pockets -and stares -at you, if you chance to. bo a-stranger; or' enters into conversation with the passengers .about him A great many newspapers are pulled out, UNd'a few of them are read. Everybody talks to you, or' to.anybo.ly, else who. hits. Iris fancy, s Jf^-you-arc an Englishman, -he expects -that that rail r,oad'ivis pretty much like an English railroad. If you sav ? No,' ho save 'Yes?' (interrogatively,) and asks 'in what respect they differ. You enume rate the heads of difference, one by one, and- he says, ? Yes?' (still interroga tively) to caeh. .Then/.-he guoss'ts thai you don't trav.-l foster -in England ; and on -your -replying -that you do, says ' Yes?' again. (still interrogatively,) ^nd, it is quite evident, don't believe it/ After a long pause he remarks, partly to you, and partly to the knob on the top of his stick, that Yankees. are reckoned to be considered of a go-ahead people too ;' upon which. you say 'Yes, and then he says 'Yes' again - (affirmatively this time;) and upon your looking out of window tells you that behind that hill; and some three miles from the next sta- tion, there is a clever town in a smart location, where he expects you have con cluded to stop; Your answer in the negative naturally leads to more ques- tions in reference to your intended route (always pronounced rout ;). and wherever you are going, you invariably learn that you can't get there without immense diffi- culty and danger, and that all the great sights are somewhere else. "If a lady take a fancy to any male passenger's seat, the gentleman who ac- companies her gives, him notice of the fact, and he immediately vacates it with great politeness. Politics are much dis cussed, so are banks, so is cotton. Quiet people avoid the question of the presi dency, for there will be a new election in three years and a half, and party feeling runs very high ; the great con- situational feature of this institution be- ing, that directly the acrimony of the last election is over, the acrimony of the next one begins; which is an unspeakable comfort to all strong politicians and true lovers, of their country, that is to say, to ninety-nine men and boys out of every ninety-nine and a quarter." NEW YORK New York did not present itself quite as much en couler de rose as Boston to Our traveller, who thus giveS it somewhat of A Sam Veller glance : "Warm weather! The sun strikes upon our heads at this open window as though its rays were concentrated through a burning glass ; but the day is in its zenith, and the season an unusual one. Was there ever such a sunny street as this Broadway? The pavement stones are polished with the tread of feet until they shine again; the red bricks of.the houses might be yet in the dry hot kilns ; and the roofs of those omnibuses look as though, if water were poured on them, they would hiss and smoke, and smell like half-quenched fires. No stint of omnibuses here! Half-a-dozen have gone by within as many minutes. Plenty of hackney cabs and coaches too:; gigs, phaetons, large wheeled tilburies, and private carriages, rather of a clumsy make, and not very different from the public vehicles, but built for the heavy roads beyond the city pavement. Negro coachmen and white; in straw hats, black hats, white hats, glazed caps, fur caps; in coats of drab, black, brown, green, blue, nankeen, striped jean and linen; and there, in that one instance, (look while it passes, or it will be too late,) in suits of livery. Some southern Republican that, who puts his blacks in uniform, and swells with Sultan pomp and power. Yonder, where that phaeton with the well-clipped pair of grays has stopped, standing at their heads now, is a Yorkshire groom, who has not been very long in these parts, and looks sor- rowfully round for a companion pair of top boots, which he may traverse the city half a year without meeting. Heaven save the ladies, how they dress! We have seen more colours in these ten mi- nuts than we should have ever seen else- where in as many days. What various parasols! what rainbow silks and satins! what pinking of thin stockings, aud pinching of thin shoes, and fluttering of ribbons nnd silk tassals, and display .of rich cloaks with gaudy hoods and linings! The young gentlemen are fond, you. sec, of turning down their shirt collars and cultivating their whiskers, especially under the chin; but they can- not approach the ladies in their dress or bearing, being, to say the truth, huma- nity of quite another sort. "Byrons of the desk and counter pass on, and let me see what kind of men those are behind ye: those two labourers, in holiday clothes, of whom one carries in his hand a crumpled scrap of paper, from which he tries to spell out a hard name, while the other looks about for it on all the doors and windows!' NEW YORK AT NIGHT "But how quiet the streets are ! Are' there no itinerent bands; no wind or stringed instruments? No, not one. By day there re no punches, fantoc- cinis, dancing dogs, jugglers, conjurors, orchestrinas, or even barrel-organs? No, not one. Yes, I remember one. One barrel-organ and a dancing monkey, sportive by nature, but just fading into a dull, lumpish monkey, of the utilita- rain school. Beyond that, nothing lively; no, not so much as a white mouse in a twirling cage. THE PRESIDENT "The President's mansion is more like an English club-house, both within and without, than any other kind of establishment with which I can compare it. The ornamental ground about it has been laid in garden walks.; they are pretty, and agreeable to the eye; though they have that uncomfortable air of having been made yesterday, which is far from favorable to the display of such beauties. "My first visit to this house was on the morning after my arrival, when I was carried thither by an official - man, who was so kind as to charge him- self with my presentation to the Presi- dent. We entered a large hall, and having twice or thrice rung a bell which nobody answered, walked without further cere- mony through the rooms on the ground floor, as divers other gentlemen (mostly with their hats -n and their hands in their pockets) were doing very leisurely. Some of these had ladies with them, to whom they were showing the premises; others were lounging on the chairs and sofas; others, in a perfect state of ex- baustiou from listlessness, were yawning drearily. "The greater portion of this assem- blage were rather asserting their su- premacy than anything else, as they had no particular business there that any- body know of. A few were closely eyeing the moveables, as if to make quite sure that the President (who was far from popular) had not made away with any of the furniture, or sold the fixtures for his private benefit. "After glancing at these loungers, who were scattered over a pretty draw- ing-room, opening upon a terrace which commanded a beautiful prospect of the river and the adjacent country ;and who were sauntering, too, about a larger state-room called the Eastern Drawing room ; we went upstairs into another chamber, where were certain visitors, waiting for audiences. At sight of my conductor, a black in plain clothes and yellow slippers, who was gliding noise- lesslessly about, and whispering messages in the ears of the more impatient, made a sign of recognition, and glided off to announce him. "We had previously looked into another chamber, fitted all round with a great bare wooden desk or counter, whereon lay files of newspapers, to which sundry gentlemen were refer- ring. Bui there were no such means of beguiling the time in this apartment, which was as unpromising and tiresome as any waiting room in one of our public establishments, or any physician's dining room, during, his hours of consultation at home. "There were some fifteen or twenty persons in the room. One - a tall, wiry, nniAColar old man, from the wo&t; ; sun burnt and Bwarthy, -with a-brown white hut onvhis knoes, and a giant umbrella between his legs ;v.wbo Eat bolt upright in his chair, - irowning steadily at- the curpet, -and twitching - the '-hard lines ubout his mouth, ,ns if he had made up' his mind 'to.fis 'the President on wliat he bad -to say, and- wouldn't bate. him a grain! Another, -a Kentucky farmer, six lett six.iu height, -with his bat-.on, and his hands under, his coat-tails, . who leaned against, thu wall and -kicked the Moor with his heel,- as though he had Time's head under his shoe, .and .were literally. « killing ' him. A . ihnrd, ' an oval-faced, bilious-looking man, with sleok blaek hair ° cropped clodc, and whiskers and beard shavediduwn to'blue jots, who' 'sucked the hJad of a thick slick, and from time Jo time took it out it h,s mouth, to see how it wos'getting on. A fourth did nothing but whistle, a fifth did nothing but spit. And in deed all these gentlemen were so very persevering and energetic in this latter particular, and bestowed their favours so abundantly upon the carpet, that I take it for granted the presidential house- maids, have high wages, or, to speak more genteelly, an ample amount of 'compensation,' which is the American word for salary, in the case of all public servants. "We had not waited in this room many minutes before the black messen- ger returened and conducted us into another of smaller dimensions, where, at a business-like table, covered with papers, sat the President himself. He looked somewhat worn and anxious, and well he might, being at war with every body; but the expression of his face was mild and pleasant, and his manner was remarkably unaffected, gentlemanly, and agreeable. thought that in his whole carriage and demeanor he became his station singularly well. "Being advised that the sensible etiquette of the Republican court admit- ted of a traveller, like myself, declining, without any impropriety, an invitation to dinner, which did not reach me until I had concluded my arrangements for leaving Washington some days before that to which I referred, I only returned to this house once. It was on the oc- casion of one of those genernl assemblies which are held on certain nights between the hours of nine and twelve o'clock, and are called, rather oddly, levees. "I went with my wife at about ten. There was a pretty dense crowd of car- riages and people in the court-yard, and so far as I could make out, there were no very clear regulations for the taking up, or setting down of the company. There were certainly no policemen to soothe startled horses, either by sawing at their bridles or flourishing truncheons in their eyes ; and I am ready to take oath that no inoffensive persons were knocked violently on the head, or poked acutely in their backs or stomachs, or brought to a stand-still by any such gentle means, and then taken into custody for not moving on. But there was no confusion or disorder. Our carriage reached the porch in its turn, without any blustering, swearing, shouting, backing, or other disturbance, and we dismounted with as much ease and comfort as though we had been escorted by the whole metropolitan force from A to Z inclusive. "The suite of rooms on the ground floor were lighted up; and a military bund was playing in the hall. In the smaller drawing-room, the centre of a circle of company, were the President and his daughter-in-law, who acted as the lady of the mansion; and a very in- teresting, graceful, and accomplished lady too. One gentleman who stood among this group appeared to take upon himself the functions of a master of the ceremonies. I saw no other officers or attendants, and none were needed. The great drawing-room, which I have already mentioned, and the other chambers on the ground-floor, were crowded to excess. The company was not, in our sense of -the term, select, for it comprehended persons of very many grades and classes; nor was there any great display of costly attire; indeed some of the costumes may have been, for ought I know, grotesque enough. But the decorum and propriety of behaviour which prevailed were unbroken by any rude or disagreeable incident; airtl every man, even among the miscellaneous crowd in the hall, who were admitted without any orders or tickets, to look on, appeared to feel that he was part of the institution, and was responsible for its preserving a becoming character, and appearing to the best advantage. "That these visiters, too, whatever their station, were not without some refinement of taste and appreciation of intellectual gifts, and gratitude to those men who, by the peaceful exercise of great abilities, shed new charms and associations upon the homes of their countrymen, and elevate their character in other lands, was most earnestly tes- tified by their reception of Washington Irving, my dear friend, who had re- cently been appointed minister at the court of Spain, and who was among them that night, in his new character, for the first and last time before going abroad. I sincerely believe that in all the madness of American politics few public men.would have been so ear- nestly, devotedly, and affectionately ca- ressed, as this most charming writer ; and I have seldom respected a public assembly more than I did this eager throng, when I saw them turning with one mind from noisy orators and officers of State, and flocking with a generous and honest impulse round the man of quiet pursuits; proud in his promotion as reflecting back upon their country ; and grateful to him with their whole hearts for the store of graceful fancies he had poured out among them, long may he dispense such treasures with un- sparing hand; and long may they re- member him as worthily!" VIRGINNY CHARIOTEERING. "Soon after nine o'clock we come to Potomac Creek, where we are to land ; and then comes the oddest part of the journey. Seven stage-coaches are pre- paring to carry us on. Some of them are ready, some of them are not ready. Some of the drivers are blacks,- some whites. There are four horses to each coach, and all the horses, harnessed or unharnessed, are there. The passengers are getting out of the steam-boat, and into the coaches ; the luggage is being transferred in noisy wheelbarrows; the horses are frightened, and impatient to start ; the black drivers are chattering to them like so many monkeys; and the white ones whooping like so many drovers; for the main thing to be done in all kinds of h..s..lering here, to make as much noise as possible. The coaches are something like the French coaches, but not nearly so good. In lieu of springs, they are hung on bands of the strongest leather. There is very little choice or difference between them ; and they may be likened to the car por- tion of the swings at an English fair, roofed, put upon axle-trees.and wheels, and curtained with painted canvass. They are covered with mud from the roof to the wheel-tire, and have never been cleaned since they were first built. "The tickets we have received on board the steam-boat are marked No. 1, so we belong to coach' No. 1. I throw my coat on the box, and hoist my wife and her maid into the inside. It has only one step, and that being about a yard from the ground, is usually ap- proached by a chair: when there is no chair, ladies trust in Providence! The coach, holds nine inside, having a seat across from door to door, where we in England put our legs; so that there is only one feat more difficult in the per- formance than getting in, and that is, getting out again. There is only one outside passenger, and he sits upon the box. As I am that one, I climb up ; and while they are strapping the lug- gage on the roof, and heaping it into a kind of tray behind, have a good oppor- tunity at looking at the driver. "He is a negro — very black indeed. He is dressed in a coarse pepper-and salt suit, excessively patched and darned, (particularly at the knees) grey stock- ings, enormous unblacked high-low shoes, and very short trousers. He has two odd gloves; one of parti-coloured worsted, and one of leather. He has a very short whip broken in the middle and bandaged up with string. And yet he wears a low-crowned, broad-brimmed, black hat; faintly shadowing forth a kind of insane imitation of an English coachman! But somebody in authority cries 'Go a-head! as I am making these observations. The tmail lakes the lead in a four-horse waggon, and all the coaches follow in procession, headed by No. 1. "By the way, whenever an Enslifh man would cry 'All right!' and Ame- rican cries 'Go a-head !' which is somewhat expressive of the national cha- racter of the two countries. "The first half-mile of the road, is over bridges made of loose planks laid across two parallel poles, which tilt up as the wheels roll over them ; and in the river. The river has a clayey bottom and is full of holes, so that half a horse is constantly disappearing unexpectedly, and can't be found ngain for some time. "But we got past even this, and come to the road itself, which is a series of al- ternate swamps and gravel-pits. A tre- mendous place is close before us, the black driver rolls his eyes, screws his mouth up very round, and looks straight between the two leaders, as if he were saying to himself, 'We have done this often before, but now I think we shall have a crash. He takes a rein in each hand ; jerks and pulls at both ; and dances on the splash-board with both feet (keeping his seat, of course), like the late lamented Ducrow on two of his fiery coursers. We come to the spot, sink down in the mire nearly to the coach windows, tilt on one side, at an angle of forty-five -degrees, and stick there. The insides scream dismally; the coach stops; the horses flounder; all the other six coaches stop ; and their four and twenty horses flounder likewise: but merely for company, and in sym pathy with ours. "Then the following circumstances occur-: "Black Driver (to the horses) — ' Hi !' "Nothing happens. Insides scream again. "Black Driver (to the horses) — 'Ho!' "Horses. plunge, and splash the black driver. "Gentlemen Inside (looking out) — "Why, what on airth ---" "Gentleman receives a variety of splashes, and draws his head in again, without finishing his question or waiting for an answer. " Black driver (still to the horses.) — 'Jiddy ! Jiddy'!' "Horses pull violently, drag the coach out of the hole, and. draw it up a bank ; so steep, that the black, driver's legs fly up into the air, and he goes back among the luggage on the roof. But he imme- diately recovers himself, and cries (still to the horses) — " 'Pill !' "No effect. On the contrary, the coach begins to roll backupon No. 2, which rolls back upon No. 3, which rolls back upon No. 4, and so on, until No. 7 is heard to curse and swear, nearly a quarter of a mile behind. "Black driver (louder than before) — 'Pill.' "Horses make another struggle to get up the bank, and again the coach rolls backward. "Black-Driver (louder than before) - "Pe-e-o-i'l ! "Horses make a desperate struerglc. "Black Driver (recovering-spirits) — " Hi, Jiddy, Jiddy, Pill!' "Horses make another effort. "Black Driver, (with great vigour) — ? Ally Loo.! Hi, Jiddy, , Jiddy. Pill. Ally Loo!' "Horses almost do it. "Black Driver (with his eyes starting out of his head) — ' Lee, den. Lee, dere. Ui. Jiddy, Jiddy. .Pill. Ally Loo. Lee e-c-e-e e!'. "They run up the bank, and go down again on the other side at a fearful pace. It is impossible to stop them, and at the bottom there is a deep hollow, full of water. The coach rolls frightfully, the insides scream. The mud and water fly about us. The black driver dances like a madman. Suddenly we are all right by some extraordinary means, and stop to breathe "A black friend of the black driver is sitting on a fence. The black driver recognises him by twirling his head round and round like a harlequin, rolling his eyes, shrugging his shoulders, and grin- ning from ear to ear. He stops short, turns to me, and says: " 'We shall get you through, sa, like a fiddle, and hope a please you when we got you through, sa. - Old 'ooman at home, Sir;' chucking very much. 'Out side gentleman, sa, he often remember old woman at home.sa,' (jriuning again. " 'Aye, aye ; we'll take care of the old woman. Don't be afraid:' "The black driver grins again, but there is another hole, and beyond that another bank, close before us. So he stops short : cries (to the horses again) 'Easy. Easy den. Ease. Steady. Hi. Jiddy. Pill. Ally. Loo,' but never 'Lee !' until we are reduced to the very last extremity, and are in the mids of difficulties, extrication from which ap- pears to be all but impossible. "And so we do the ten miles or there- abouts in two hours and a half; break- ing no bones, though bruising a great many ; and in short getting through the distance, like a fiddle.'' SLAVERY, AND ITS RESULTS. "This singular kind of coaching ter- minates at Fredericksburgh, whence there is a railway to Richmond. The tract of country through which it takes its course was once productive ; but the soil has been exhausted by the system of employ- ing a great amount of slave labour in forcing crops, without strengthening the land, and it is now little better than a sandy desert overgrown with trees. Dreary and uninteresting as its aspect is, I was glad to the heart to find anything on which one of the curses of this horri- ble institution has fallen.; and had greater pleasure in contemplating the withered ground than the richest and most thriving cultivation in the same place could poss- ibly have afforded me. "In this district, as in all others where slavery sits brooding, (I have frequently heard this admitted, even by those who are its warmest advocates,) there is an air of ruin and decay abroad, which is inseparable from the system. The barns and outhouses are mouldering away— the sheds are patched and half roofless — the log cabins (built in Virginia with external chimneys made of clay or wood) are squalid in the last degree. There is no look of decent comfort anywhere. The miserable stations by the railway side — the great wild woodyards, whence, the engine is supplied with fuel — the negro children rolling on the ground before the cabin doors, with dogs and pigs—the biped beasts of burden slinking past— gloom and dejection are upon them all. "In the negro car belonging to the train in which we made this journey were a mother and her children who had just been purchased ; the husband and father being left behind with their old owner. The children cried the whole way, and the mother was misery's picture. The champion of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, who had bought them, rode in the same train, and every time we stopped, got down to see that they were safe. The black in Sinbad's Travels, with one eye in the middle of his forehead, which shone like a burning coal, was natures' aristocrat compared with this white gentleman." A BROWN FORESTER OF THE MISSISSIPPI. "We had another odd specimen on board of a different kind. This was a thin-faced spare-figured man, of, middle age and stature dressed in a dusty drabbish- coloured suit, such as I never saw before. He was perfectly quiet during the first part of the journey; indeed I don't remember having so much as seen him until he was brought out by circum stances, as great men often are. The conjunction of events which made him famous happened, briefly, thus: "The canal extends to the foot of the mountain, and there of course, it stops; the passengers being conveyed across it by land carriage, and taken on afterwards by another canal-boat, the counterpart of the first, which awaits them on the other side. There are two canal lines of passage boat; one is called the Express, and one (a cheaper one) the Pioneer. The Pioneer gets first to the mountain, and waits for the Express people to come up, both sets of passengers being con- veyed across it at the same time. We were the Express company ; but when we had crossed the mountain and had come to the second boat, the proprietors took it into their heads to draft all the Pioneers into it likewise so that we were five-and- forty at least, and the accession of passengers was not, at all, of that kind which improved the prospect of sleeping at night. Our people grumbled at this, as people do in such cases ; but suffered the boat to be towed off with the whole freight aboard, nevertheless ; and away we went down the canal. At, home, I should have protested lustily; but being a foreigner here, I held my peace. Not so this passenger. He cleft a path among the people on deck, (we were nearly all on deck) and without addressing anybody whomsoever, soliloquised as follows : — " 'This may suit you, this may, but it don't suit' me. This may be all very well with Down Easters and men of Boston-raising, but it won't suit my figure no how ; and no two ways about that.; and so I tell you. Now ! I'm from the brown forests of the Mississippi I am.; and when the sun shines on me, it does shine— a little. It don't glimmer where I live, the sun don't. No. I'm a brown forester, I am. I an't a Johnny Cake. There are no smooth skins where I live. We're rough men there, there. Rather. If Down Easters and men of Boston raising like this, I'm glad-of it ; but I'm none of that raising, nor of that breed. No. This company wants a little fixing, it does. I'm the wrong sort of man for 'em, I am. They won't like me, they won't. This is piling of it up a little too mountainous, this is.' At the end of every one of these short sentences he turned upon his heel, and walked the other way, checking him- self abruptly when he had finished an- other short sentence, and turning back again. It is impossible for me to say what terrific meaning was hidden in the words of this brown forester, but I know that the other passengers looked on in a sort of admiring horror, and that presently the boat was put back to the wharf, and as many of the Pioneers as could be coaxed or bullied into going away, were got rid of. When we started again, some of the boldest spirits on board made bold to say to the obvious occasion of this improve- ment in our prospects, ' Much obliged to you, sir.' Whereunto the brown-forester (waving his hand, and still walking up and down as before) replied, 'No, you an'T. You're none o' my raising. You may act for yourselves, you may. I have pinted out the way. Down Easters and Johnny Cakes can follow if they please. I an't a Jonny Cake, I a'nt. I am from the brown forests of the Mississippi, I am — and so on, as before. He was unanimously voted one of the tables for his bed at night — there is a great con- test for the tables — in consideration of his public services; and he had the warmest corner by the stove throughout the rest of the journey. But I never could find out that he did anything ex- cept sit there, nor did I hear him speak again until, in the midst of the bustle and turmoil of getting the luggage ashore in the dark at Pittsburg; I stumbled over him as he sat smoking a cigar on the cabin steps, and heard him muttering to himself, with a short laugh of defiance. 'I an't a Johnny Cake, I an't. I'm from the brown forests of the Mississipi, I am, damme! I am inclined to argue from this that he had never left off saying so; but I could not make affidavit of that part of the .tory, if required to do so by my Queen and country.'' JONATHAN IN THE DUMPS. "At dinner (on board the steamer) there is nothing to drink upon the table but great jugs full of cold water. No- body says anything, at any meal, to any- body. All the passengers are very dis mal, and seem to have tremendous secrets weighing on their minds. There is no conversation, no laughter, no cheerful- ness, no sociality, except in spitting, and that is done in silent fellowship round the stove, when the meal is over. Every man sits down, dull and languid, swal- lows his fare as if breakfasts, dinners, and suppers, were necessities of nature never to be coupled with recreation or enjoyment; and having bolted his food in a gloomy silence, bolts himself, in the same state. But for these animal ob- servances, you might suppose the whole male portion of the company to be the melancholy ghosts of departed book- keepers, who had fallen dead at the desk: such is their weary air of business and calculation. Undertakers on duty would be sprightly beside them ; and a collation of funeral-baked meats, in comparison with these meals, would be a sparkling festivity. "The people are all alike too. There is no diversity of character. They travel about on the same errands, say and do the same things in exactly the same manner, and follow in the same dull cheerless round." REPUBLICAN INDEPENDENCE. The Republican institutions of America undoubtedly lead the people to assert their self-respect and their quality but a traveller is bound to bear those in stitutions in his mind, and not hastily to resent the near approach of a class of strangers, who, at home, would keep aloof. This characteristic, when it was tinctured with no foolish pride, and stopped short of no honest service, never offended me ; and I very seldom, if ever experienced its rude or unbecoming dis- play. Once or twice it was comically developed, as in the following case ; but this was an amusing incident, and not the rule or near it." "I wanted a pair of boots at a certain town, for I had none to travel in, but those with the memorable cork soles which were much too hot for the fiery decks of a steam-boat. I therefore sent a message to an artist in boots, import- ing, with my compliments, that I should be happy to see him, if he would do me the polite favour to call. He very politely returned for answer that he would 'look round' at six o'clock that evening. "I was lying- on the sofa, with a book nnd a wine glass, at about that time, when the door opened, and a gentleman in a stiff cravat, within a year or two on either side of thirty, entered, in his hat and gloves; walked up to the looking, glass, arranged his hair, took off his gloves, slowly produced a measure from the uttermost depths of his coat pocket; and requested me, in a languid tone, to unfix my straps. I complied, but looked with much curiosity at his hat, which was still upon his head. It might have been that, or it might have been the heat — but he took it off. Then, he sat himself down in a chair opposite to me; rested an arm on each knee, and leaning forward very much, took from the ground, by a great effort, the specimen of metro- politan workmanship which I had just pulled off— whistling, plesantly, as he did so. He turned it over and over; surveyed it with a contempt no language can express; and inquired if I wished him to fix me a boot like that. I cour- teously replied, that provided the boots were large enough, I would leave the rest to him; that if convenient and practicable, I should not object to their bearing some resemblance to the model then before him.; but that I would be entirely guided by, and would beg to leave the whole subject to his judgment and discretion. ' You an't partickler, about this scoop in the heel, I suppose then ?' says he : 'We don't foller that, here.' I repeated my last observation. He looked at himself in the glass again; went closer to it to dash a grain or two of dust out of the corner of his eye; and settled his cravat. All this time, my leg and -foot went in the chair. 'Nearly ready, Sir?' I inquired. 'Well, pretty nigh,' he -said : 'keep steady' I kept as steady as I could, both in foot and face ; and having by his time got the dust out, and found his pencil-case, hee measured me, and made the necesgary notes ' 'When he had finished, he fell into his old attitude, and taking up the boot again, mused for some time. 'And this, he' said, at last, 'is an English boot, is it ! This is a London boot, eh?' ' Thai, Sir, I replied, 'is a London boot.' He mused over it again, after the manner of Hamlet with Yorick's skull ; nodded his head, as who should say, 'I pity the institutions that led to the production of this boot !' — rose, put up his pencil, notes, and paper — glancing at himself in the glass all the time — put on his hat, drew on his gloves very slowly, and finally walked out. When he had gone about a minute, the door re-opened, and his hat and his head re-appeared. He looked round the room, and at the boot again, which was still lying on the floor— appeared thoughtful for a minute, and then said, 'Well, good afternoon.' 'Good afternoon, Sir,' said I ; and that was the end of the interview. 