REVIEW. Americans Criminal Trials. By Peleg W. Chandler. Vol. I. This volume is a specimen of an attempt similar to that made by Mr. Knight a year br two ago in this country, in imitation of thie French Canses C. 1ibres; and as this volume appeared first in 1841, and we hear no talk of a second, we fear the Ame. rican attempt.is having not much greater success than the English. It is, indeed, far from being an tonamusing volume, though a great part of its con eats have not the merit of novelty. It contains a record of ten trials-six at Massachusetts, and four at New York-the earliest of them in the year 1637, the latest in 1770. As illustrating the colcnial history of the Northern States, this modest volume has, indeed, a very considerable value. All the trials are more or less state trials; and present, in an interesting point of view, ten separate events, on which, for the time being, was concentrated the entire public interest of the communities in which they occurred. We have the early religious feuds of the perse cuting Puritans, in the trials of Ann Hutchinson in 1637, and of the Quakers in 1656-1661 ; their wild unbridled fanatacism in the notorious witch. craft trials of 16921 the Dutch, aristocratic and and democratic feuds of New York, in the trials of laeisler and Bayard, in the years 1691 and 1702; the struggles against official iniquity in the libel case of 1735; the great New York Negro Plot, and no Popery cry of 1741 ; and the contest between the mob and the military, called the Boston Massacre, in 1770, on the eve of the war of independence. All these are so many peeps at the early history of two of the most important of the American states, and, indeed, contain a great deal of its pith and essence. Some'?of these trials are, by name if not in fact, familiar to most well informed persons, as being to be found in our own collection of State Trials. One or two of the more interesting are new ,to mere English readers, and the one which we shall select for notice, is the negro-and-no-Popery frenzy of 1741. This frenzy was neither better nor worse than a repetition in Amesica, in the eighteenth century, of the Titus Oates abominations of the seventeenth. The following remarks on the condition of the ne groes in New York at that pe:iod appropriately open the story: ' In the year 1741, the city of New York was -thrown into the most intense excitement and alarm, by the rumour of a plot by the negro population to burn the city and massacre the inhabitants. The fear of such an event had some foundation in the fact, that negro slavery, at that day, was attended with difficulties and dangers, which, to a certain extent, have since ceased to exist. Most of the slaves were Africans by birth, who had been vio- lently torn from their native land and reduced to servitude. Their spirits were not yet entirely sub- dued; and a race, which at this day is remarkable for implicit obedience and quiet submission, were, at the time alluded to, rude, boisterous, and vicious, and had in their number many restless and daring spirits, whose influence was justly feared by the white population. There had been frequent insurrections in dif- ferent parts of the country. The Spanish government made direct efforts to induce the slaves to revolt. Liberty and protection had been proclaimed to all fugitive negroes fromt the English by the governor of Florida, and he had actually formed a regiment from the negro refugees, appointing officers from among themselves, allowing them the same pay, and clothing them in the same uniform with the regular troops of Spain. In 1738, a serious revolt took place in South Carolina, and a large number of the insurgents suffered the last infliction of human power and vengeance. " The negroes in the largest commercial city in America were particularly exposed to the tempta- tions of freedom. They became more intelligent than those in the interior, and their passions were inflamed by familiar intercourse with the lower orders of the white population. As early as 1712, there had been an insurrection of the slaves in New York, who fired a house and murdered several citizens before they were dispersed by the soldiers, Recol- lection of this, and a general distrust of the negro population, rendered the citizens of that city par- ticularly suspicious of their movements, and when In 1741, the cry was raised of a NEGRO PLOT, there ensued a scene of confusion and alarm, of folly, frenzy and injustice, which scarcely has a parallel in this or any other country. In the February of 1741 some stolen goods had been traced to a low pothouse kept by a man of the name of Hughson, and the resort of negroes. The detection had been made by this man's maid servant, a girl of sixteen, Mary Burton; and Peggy Carey, a woman of infamous character, was impli cated, and committed to prison. Soon after, several fires occurred in quick succession, evidently the work of unknown incendiaries; and about the same time some Spanish negroes, having been unjustly condemned as slaves, and being notoriously very discontented, a fire broke out at the house of the purchaser of one of them. This sufficed to turn the tide of suspicion against the negroes, and in a short time the whole colony was in a flame. Mary Burton played the part of Titus Oates. On her evidence her master, his wife, and Peggy Carey were hanged in June. In the course of the summer several negroes were burnt alive; and as the Go- vernor had issued a proclamation offering a full pardon to all who came in and confessed before the 1st of July, the prison was crammed, even to disease, with wretches who desired to save their lives by confessing falsehoods. At length, as the frenzy deepened, the cry of " POPERY" was raised, It was pretended that Popish priests, in the guise of "physicians and dancing- masters," were em- ployed by the Spanish government, along with the aforesaid Spanish and other negroes, to destroy the town of New York. Accordingly, a very harmless personage, a Mr. John Ury, "the son of a former secretary of the South Sea Company, and a nonjuring clergyman," was pitched upon by Mary Burton to be victimized. His priestship does not appear very clearly; he never acknowledged it; and even after his conviction he solemnly declared his belief " that those who dare to pretend to such a power" as that of forgiving sins, "do in some degree commit the sin against the Holy Ghost;" and on the same occasion he speaks of protesting his innocence " upon the memorials of the body and blood of my dearest Lord in the creatures of bread and wine, in which I have commemorated the love of my dying Lord." However, he was univer sally believed to be a priest, and he did not expressly deny the charge, though he attempted to disprove it. He had come to New York as a schoolmaster, but some persons suspected him to be a man of no great amount of education. He was tried on two in- dictments—the first for his share in the imaginary plot; the second under a colonial act of 1700, by which any priest entering the province became liable to perpetual imprisonment, and on breaking prison and being retaken, to death, The opening speech of Attorney General Bradley was in the following mild strain: " In order to maintain the charge against the prisoner in this indictment, we shall prove to you that the prisoner was actually concerned in the plot to burn the king's house and this city, and murder the inhabitants; that he has frequently been at Hughson's house, in company with Hughson, his wife and daughter, and Kerry. and with divers negroes, talking with them about the plot, counsel. ling and encouraging them to burn the king's house and the town, and to kill the inhabitants ; that he advised them what would be the fittest time to set the English church on fire ; and that the prisoner, as a Popish priest, baptised Hughson, his wife and daughter, and Kerry. and also divers negroes, and told them that he could forgive sins, and that he forgave them their sins relating to the plot. When he was with the negroes at Hughson's house, he used to make a round ring on the floor with chalk, or some other thing, and stand in the middle of it with a cross in his hand, and swear the negroes into the plot; and that they should not discover either the plot or him, or any other person concerned in it, though they were to die for it. We shall likewise produce to you a letter from General Oglethorpe, to his honour our governor, whereby it appears that, some time before the plot broke out here, the Spainiards had employed emissaries to burn all the magazines and considerable towns in the Ecglish North America ; and that many priests were em- ployed, under pretended appellations of physicians, dancing-masters, and such like occupations; and, under such pretences, to get admittance into, and confidence in families. " Gentlemen, what I have alleged, and much more, you will (hear fully proved against the prisoner by the witnesses for the king, on this trial s but before we enter upon their examination, give me leave to say a few words concerning the heinousness of this prisoner's offences, and of the popish religion in general; which I shall speak but very briefly to, as there are several other gentlemen of counsel for the king on this trial, and as I have not either health or leisure to prepare to say much more on this occasion. " Gentlemen, the late dreadful conspiracy to burn the king's house, and this whole town, and to kill the Inhabitants, which the prisoner, as well as Hugh son, advised and encouraged, and swore many of the conspirators to join and bear their parts in, are crimes of too black and inhuman a nature to need any ag gravation ; and, no doubt, tihe prisoner's engaging at the peril of his own life, in so destructive, so bloody, and dangerous an enterprise, proceeded from his being employed in it by other Popish priests and emissaries, and his zeal for that murderous religion ; for the Popish religion is such, that they hold it not only lawful, but meritorious, to kill and destroy all that differ in opinion from them, if it may any ways serve the interests of their detestable religion ; the whole scheme of which seems to be a restless en. deavour to extirpate all other religions whatsoever, but more especially the Protestant religion, which they maliciously call the northern heresy. To attain this wicked end, their first trick is, by subtle argu. ments to persuade the laity out of their scnses, by shewing thern a seeming necessity for their believing as their church believes, if they tender their own salvation; and this, with many more frauds, the Church of Rome has artfully devised to get an ab solute dominion over the consciences, that they may the mute easily pick the pockets of credulous people: witness the pretended pardons and indulgences of that crafty and deceitful church, and their masses to pray souls out of purgatory, which they quote (or rather wrest) scripture for,. when.no such thing is to be found there, but is mere invention and cheat of their own to gull the laity out of their money. ' Then they have their doctrine of transubtan. tiation, which is so big with absurdities that it is shocking to the common sense and reason of man. kind; for were that doctrine true, their priests, by a few words of their mouths, can make a god as often as they please; but then they eat him too ; and this they have the impudence to call honouring and adoring of him. Blasphemous wretches ! For hereby they endeavour to exalt themselves above God him. self, inasmuch as the Creator must necessarily be greater than his creature. " These and many other juggling tricks they have, in their hocus pocus, bloody religion, which have been stripped of all their wretched disguise, and fu'ly exposedin their own colours by many eminent divines, but more particularly by the great Dr. Tillotson, whose extraordinary endowments of mind, his ini mitable works, and exemplary piety and charity, have gained him such universal esteem and applause throughout all the Protestant world, as, no doubt, will endure as long as the Protestant name and religion lasts, which I hope will be to the end of time. " Gentlemen, when you have heard the witnesses prove what I have alleged against the prisoner, I make no doubt but you will, for your oath's sake, and for your own country's peace and future safety, find him guilty." T'he evidence to support this tirade was of the most absurd and contradictory nature. Thie following is the testimony of William Kane, a soldier, who had been himself accused, who at first denied the accu sation, and then confessed and turned king's evi dence: " William Kane.-I know the prisoner very well; I have seen him at Croker's, at Colin's, and Hugh. son's, and particularly with Daniel Fogen, Jerry Corker, and one Plummer, and several negroes, at Hughson's. Jerry Corker was one of the first who brought me into the plot. One day before Christmas last I was standing sentry at the Governor's door, and Jerry Corker comlog out, I, being dry, asked him for some beer; Jerry said he would get some that he had rum in his pocket, and would make flip; and then he went in and made it in a copper pot, and told me it was with loaf sugar. I drank a draught of it; and when I was relieved at night, Corker came into the guard room and asked me if I would go to Croker's at the Fighting Cocks, where there was to be a christening by a Romish priest. We went thither, and staid till past ten o'clock; but the people did not come that night. The next night Corker and I went there again, but the people were not there. The third night we went to New-street, to the house of one Coffin, a pedlar, There they had a child, and Ury christened it, and read Latin. Three acted as priests, and handed the book about. Ury put salt in the child's mouth, sprinkled it thrice, and crossed it. Ury and Corker there endeavoured to persuade me to be a Roman Catholic. Ury said 'twas best to be a Roman; they could forgive sins for anything ever so bad. I told him I did not be lieve him; and Corker told me that Ury and all the priests could forgive sins. Ury was present at Hugh son's when John Hughson swore me and his father and brothers iato the plot ; there was Quack and forty or fifty negroes there at the same time. We were to burn the town and destroy the people. David John- son was there, and Ury tipped him on the shoulder, and they went into a room together, and staid a quarter of an hour; and when they came back, Johnson said, 'We will burn the Dutch, and get their money.' By Ury's persuasions that he could forgive sins, a great many were brought in to be concerned. Ury was near to me when I was sworn, and the Hughsons, and I took him to be one of the head Ury wanted to christen me, but I would not suffer him; and he would not speak to me, nor before me, for a long time ; for he could not abide me, because I refused to become a Roman, till after he knew that I was concerned in the plot ; and even then he did not much care for me. Ury was by when Hughson swore eight negroes into the plot in a ring; and it was then talked among them of burn. ing the fort ; and Quack, who was present, was at that time pitched upon to do it, in the presence of Ury, who might and probably did hear it. Jerry Corker told me that the English church was intended to be burnt on Christmas.day last; but Ury put it off, and said, that when the weather was better, then there would be a fuller congregation." The following is part of the evidence in his favour. " John Campbell and Ann Campbell, his wife, were then called and sworn. " Prisoner. Mr. Campbell, did you ever see me at Hughson's house before I went there with you, and what passed there ? " John Campbell. I never saw him there till I went to take possession of the house at May-day last, and then, as we were going there together, he said he did not know the way thither; and when we came down, he took Gerardus Comfort's house for it; as for anything else, I know nothing more of him, for I took him for a grave, sober, honest man. " Prisoner. Mrs. Campbell, will you please to give an account of what you know of me, and what passed between Sarah Hughson and me when we went to take possession of the house 1 " Ann Campbell. I went with my husband and Mr. Ury, on May-day last, to Huglhson's, to take possession of the house; and when we came there, Sarah Hughson, the daughter, was in possession. We told her she must go out of the house, for that my husband had taken it. Whereupon Sarah Hughson swore and cursed at me; and Mir. Ury said to her, ' How dare you talk so impertinently and saucily to an old woman, you impudent hussy ? Go out of the house, or I'll turn you out.' Sarah then swore miserably, and said, ' You have a house now, but shall not have one long.' I have often heard him pray and sing psalms ; and he prayed by a sick woman. I never saw any harm by him. My husband and he were to keep school together." The prisoner defended himself with much ability. 'rihe counsel for the crown replied in a strain of fierce invective, declaimed against " that ocean of foreign blood with which the scarlet - hath made herself perpetually drunk," recounted the villanies of Alva and Queen Mary, and declared that " that bloody religion" " canonizes for saints Guy Faux and others, some of the greatest monsters of iniquity that ever trod upon the face of the earth." After a quarter of an hour's deliberation, the jury found the prisoner guilty ; on the 29th of August he was exe cuted; and after his execution there was a public thanksgiving to Almighty God. The frenzy gradually worked itself out, in doing which it was materially assisted by the fact that Mary Burton began to give out intimations against " people of conce. quences ; and in the end she was paid off by the gift of a hundred pounds for her services. For con nexion with this plot one hundred and fifty persons were arrested, four white persons hanged, eleven negroes burnt, eighteen hanged, fifty transported and sold, and many suspected persons made their way out of the colony. Yet in spite of this " there are," says the contemporary historian, " some wanton wrong-headed persons, who take the liberty to arraign the justice of the proceedings, and set up their private opinioons in superiority to the Court and Grand Jury, and declare with no small assurance that there was no plot at all !" 