TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. SIR,—The editor of the Chronicle having made a statement respecting the fire on Sunday night last, intended to injure the Cornwall Insurance Company, I think I ought to make some reply thereto ; especially as he has represented that the engine, which is under my charge, and for the management of which I am responsible, to the company, was not in a fit state for work. That Mr. Campbell should have been first on the spot with the engine under his charge would not have astonished any one but the editor of the Chronicle, the fire being almost directly opposite to Mr. Raven's stores. But as Mr. Goodwin appears to know so much about the management of these things, I do wonder that he should not have caused the Tasmanian engine to be removed from the gateway, where only one cart could have ac- cess to it at a time. Had he done so, instead of walking about with a bludgeon over his shoulder, he would have been of some use. If the engine had been put back into the street several carts could have discharged at the same time. A few minutes after I heard of the fire I was on the spot with the Cornwall engine, and the pumping of the Tasmanian engine was continued for twenty minutes afterwards, whether the fire was out or not. As Mr. Goodwin would make people believe I was such a fool as to proceed to the fire without buckets, I would ask him if he lifted up the cover of the engine to satisfy himself ! This is not the first fire at which he has distinguished himself ; one in Charles-street he no doubt recollects with a great deal of satisfaction, which may account for his haunting like a ghost every scene of confla- gration. But as to the fitness of the engine for work, I can tell Mr. Goodwin that in one hour I could throw more water with it than he was ever able to raise with the pumps of the Kains in twenty. It is now in the same state as it was on the night of the fire ; and if he would like to see its capacity for work, I am any day his humble servant, and promise to give him such a proof of its fitness as will quite satisfy him for the future. I would conclude, sir, by stating my belief that the public are too wide awake now-a- days to be gulled by any statement of the Chronicle, and that in the present instance they will agree with me in imputing it—not to ignorance—but impudence. —I am, sir, your obedient servant, WILLIAM HUTTLEY, Engineer to the Cornwall Insurance Company. [The Chronicle is such a fibber that his falsehoods have even ceased to surprise ; but Mr. Huttley is a crusty customer, and it is more than probable he will yet make his assailant practically acquainted with the projectile force and cleansing power of the Cornwall engine : the process will be less agreeable to the Chronicle than white washing, but preferable to tar and feathers. The trash Mr. Huttley complains of was hardly worth his notice. We are afraid the Chronicle is too lazy to exchange the pen for the marline spike ; but if he has an eye to the office of fireman we promise him our interest, and will endeavour to procure him a suitable livery, and safe quarters inside the bucket box.—E. L. E.] 