EXTRACTS. Duelling. — These affairs are generally forced upon both parties. It. was par ticularly so in the case of Captain Best, the antagonist of Lord Camefford. The duel was forced upon him. An abandoned woman promoted it ; and Lo.rd Catnelford, before lie weat to the grp.und, told his second that he wa9 conscious he himself was in the wrong; that Best was q man of honour ; but thut he could not bring himself to retract words which he had once u$ed< He fell, at once the aggressor and the sufferer, But Captain Best was never his own man afterwards. He died at the early.age of eight and forty, at a board ing-house called ' Ttie BJunquetts,' near Worce-ter, Sorrow and remprse had dorie on him the work of years. In his closing limps, he is said to have told those who wt-re in his confidence. that (he recollection, ->f that duel and its e-ult hafl etiibitfred every tpoment of his life.; that, the w'10'e sceqe was as fresh in his u)em'<ry as if it had happened yesterday;, apt thqt there were times when Lord Caoielfqrd sceiped to stand before him and gazq, pn him vyilh an earnestness and tenacity tb.at rendered life a burden. In consequence of some enibarrassmentsr-whence coqiracted I know pot for he inherited We9t India property to a considerable amount— he was for some time within the Rules of the Icing's Beach' la. his domestiq arrange- ; ments, too/ he . was unfortunate. His marriage proved disastrous, and was dis solved by /Act of : Parliament. But he once and a£ain declared that every sorrow would have! sat lightly on him could he but have succeeded in wiping the stain of homicide from his brow. ' Devastation Steam frigate, Colt. H. B. Hbnry — The final trial of this vessel took place at Woolwich oa Wed ngday, for the purpose of giving her a faff trial and testing ber powers, she had a cargo of 32q tons of coal put on board and 6 toils of water it) casks. Her draft of water . was thirteen feet, four inches forward tnd fourteen feet aft, which afforded her paddle-weels a depth of water sufficient to propel her with greater velocity til >n on tbe former occasion, although the 9'rokes of the engine were only the same number, about eighteen to nineteen per minute. 8he iicpompiished the measured mile against 'the tide in five ininute.s and forty- eiulit seconds, and with tlie. tide and againgt the wind in fou.r. minutes and rqny-iwo seconds, being nearly at < lie rate of twelve and one-fif'ih statute miles csn the average per hour. Mr Ewart, chief engineer, s iid he .! never timed qny that could approach .her in. -p(-e<l before, aqd he was of opinion that sfie whs decidedly th fastest sailing vessel in her ' Majesty"? Navy.' The djsconneinng rods were tried during this trip, qnd pi qae niinute and a quarter one of the padd 'e- wheels, twenty- five feet iu diameter, was detached . from the engines, and the whole of tbeir power applied to the other wheel. In three quarters of a minute tbe stupendous lever oi; the wheel was again attached, and the vessel spefl through the wa'er with tin- greatest velocity. Qn returning up the river she overtook the Manchester and Duch"ss of Ken( large steam vessels.— United Service Gazette, Punishment 07 Drunkards.— In Sweden the offence of drunkards is visited with very severe punishment. For the first offence, the fine of three dollars is inflicted ; for the second, the offender is fiued six d-diars; and for the third and fourth larger sums are exacted. Upon the fifth conviction, he not only lose his vote and rjght to be a representative, but is also sentenced to six mouths' flard labour. If the offence is comiuit efl in a ehqrch, or an exjiosed place, ihe pemfl$y is severer. Whoever induc.es another to be guilty of drui>kenncs is fined three dollars.. Ecc!e»iit-tics detected iu a s'ate of inebriety are deganled j r«.:;j tbeir offices, and laymen -.tre d. piivea of their situations £f «i person dies while iutu-aii ated, be is (lepi ived of ("hriatian burial. . AH licensed victuallers are f-Thjdcten to -sell spirits t<> apprentices, work feb. eervnts, or vo'diers. Hair the fine? are given to tbe informer, and half . to the po.ir. If the irutlty parties h.ave not the means of payiog the x flise-, they ate iiK-arceatqd untii sqiue friend d'scliatg s them. 1'wiee a ycSTttiiese- rules' and regubi i'ona are read from tne pulpits, and in.th-- ui09t public 'thorotighfares ; while every publican must iiava u printed copy of them hung up iu ihe most conspicuous part of the house, ..Atjiospderjp Railway in Ireland. — The Dublin- Mercantile Advertiser sayss— 4 Every arrangement bas been complete! with the Government and the Board o! Works, preliminary fo the commencement of the iiqe between Kingstown and Dalkev, on the atmospheric system. In the conr?e of the ensuing month the work will, be in full operation ; and thus ihe Dublin and' Kingstown Kail way Company will have given ib.e initiative in the prae tical adoption of a system which is- calculated lo produce such trauscendentlv irn port ant results upon railway commu nicaiiun.' Moustachios,— At the Bristol fair in August last, three gentlemen, members of the association called the swell mob,' their upper lip covered with coal black moustachios,' their blue frocks, and high- heeled, brass-spurred boots giving them the appearance of corporals of dragoon--, were apprehended in the fact of t iekirvi pockets, Summary punishment en/med ; their heads were shaved, their moiistacbio clipped, and after being drawn through the Bush Inn horsevpond, tbey wer<? hooted out of the city. Books in America — The fact of cheap and quick printing in America may be somewhat understood by an advertisement in the Quebec Gazette of the 4th Augu.f, notifving that Bulwer's new novel, pub lished in London on the 1st Julv at 3CK., was received at Watt's Library, from Npw York, reprinted, price fifteen pence I Childhood, — Childhood is like a mirror catching and reflecting images from all around it. Remember that an impious or profane thought, uttered by a p&ient;'s eve may operate on the young heart like a careless spray of water thrown upon polish ed steel, staining with rust whjqh ro after scouring can efface, A Woman's Advantages —As woman may say what she likes to you . without the risk of getting knocked down for it. She. can take a snooze after dinner while her hushand has to go to work. She can dress herself in net and tidy calicoes fof a dollar, which her husband has to earn and fo k over to herj She can take a walk on a pleasant day without the fear of being asked to treat at every coffee- hoqse she passes. She (an paint her face, if tun, pale, or flour it if I too red, S e can at,«y. at. hoipe in time of war. and wed again if her husband is llilt " Sue c-uv wear corsets il too thick, and other fixihs if too tbiq. Cubitus SrATRiMENT; — The f -11 tying curious statement is given by the Franch, as the produce of accurate calculation. A single cemime placed out at 5, per cent, compound interest on the birth of Christ, would have produced in. 1840 a sum which may be said to bV beyond all our numeri cal terms, being no less than 9.34,462 222,222, 222,222,222,222, 222, 222, 222,22% There are no means of forming an idea of 6 the value of tfiis enormous suin than by B comparing it to some immense mass fu<h B as the globe of the earth. This volume of B matter is equal to 10723, 580, 000,000# || 000,000 cubic metres, A cubic met Mb B equals LQOQ kilogs. qf water# cousequentfy B! the earth must weigh upon average ot 107,. H 23.580,000, 000,000, 0Q kilogrammes. Ae. g gold is twenty times the weight of water., m the same mass of metal (gold) would weigh || ; 9, 158.471, 600, 000, OO0,OO0>OQQ.OO0O kil- |S : ogrammes. The kilogramme gold ia W wcrth about 3.500 francsr-therefure the H weightof theeArthin gold woald.be worth H about 75,346, 50a.0pp,0gpi0ipipj0a0,C00, H 000,000 francs. On dividing by. this sum H the thirty-seven figures.prst above given. H it will he found that |hqy equal about H 1 30,000,000 of times tfie sise of the earth g in irold, 4 H Ma. ABERNETHY.— A lady consulting B the late My- Abernethy 00 a qervous dis H order, entered into a iong, frivojous, ant| H fant s'tic dettti.! of .her. ?ytnptom9. Uueat-e |j| i- Red with beiqg referred to -Uts ho 'k foi? H in?iruetio.n r-s.pecting V,e qt cQmpiiflnt--, slits persisted vv endeayouriug g o ex<rqct further information, from M rt ||r Aberqe, Ivy After suffering her vulDbihiy- g with considerable patience for a whne, ||| be exclaimed to the repealed "May I cat H oysters doctor f May I eat suppers ?" H ' I'll tell vqu what,, madam, you ma ; eat. H any'biog but the poker and the be lows— ® for the one. is. bard of. digestion, and the. H other is full, uf wind.' H OPINION (i? TUB TIMES. H Tub. cobi.ler declares the tunes want Q ' me odin,'— that this tftile awl is insuffit H cient to support him, altboygh he is the ||| las$ to complain, S The wa(ch makers say thqir watches ||| 'donH go.,' and thqt ihe-yshqU he " wound H up' if tfie spring does npt produce a ||| ' Dtovemenl,' Even tbe uqcler lakers com- H plain, that their trade is dead and tbe H little ahvbrewers# that every thing, in their Jg line is fyit, stale, qnd unprofitable.' Cab? g inet makers are compelled to return their i|| biffs to tbeir 1 drawers and chair mν/ H tactqrers vow tbey have out a ' leg " to IB stand or.' Bed manufacturers say these are not H times fqr feathering their nests,' and that B| they are obliged to 4 bolster up ibeirbusi H ues? hy gettins ti« k' wherever they can. h The trunkuiaUers, when others talk B of distress, hold up their hands and cry# B ' they nevey saw such a (leal,' and that tuey B daily sec more cases oi distress thaa B packing rases. B The fietie wine merchant declares, like B she 'cabin-bay,' that he If 'wrecked .iu B sight of port I' B Tha poulterer, that purchasing stock is B really ' ducks and drakes' of his money, B fur all his customers are ? on tb& wing B The backaeyvroi'-chman sa>« that tha B| omnibuses have tun a\vay with his cus- Bj totners, and that his yocutien is all at a— B C.lavd \ - Hn Asb tin market rrnrdener 'bow ar« B turnips' or 'how aye potatoes ? and he" answers, that tbey are ' Uiai — very And thus it is. with every caii ng «nd profession. Some iiave recourse to emi gration, and, ol coi-.rse, main journeymen become travellers . fn-qi riecess.iy. The phiisophers say there is no suck thing as co lour t yet the times certainly look UuclCfsni, everybody looks blue , The want of money is undoubtedly universal, ao.d the smallest change wou'd be acceptable. , N apoieon's Intimacy with Talma.— at the first meeting between the Emperoff and M- Tulma. the celebrated french tra- iicdj-in, after the return from Elba, the former, addressing liitu with bis usual fami liarity, said, ' Lo ! CltRieaubriaud says, that you gave me lessons how to act tha euipercr j I take his bint as a compliment# for it shows I must at least have &cted; my pari well. The intimacy between Napoleon and! Talma was. of feng standing; ibe reputa« tion of the latter was eatabiuhrd wlun the !ormer was scarcely known, and the M»un5 :)ffice' accepted of admissions to the theatre lrom his acquaintance. At that time one of ihe chief amusements oi the tw i (riends, (together with that of a third person, a M». Le Moir, afterwards n general), "Was th© relar.ion of stories of ghosts and old castles, into which (the candle bai.ntr extinguished), the future conqueror of Europe entered, wiih all hi-t heart and was seriously offen?. ded when bis companions interrupted htm by tripping up his chair, shaking the table#, or by . any other practical pleasantry. Nnonbiitt never drnitupii the iniunnrv nf his former . histrpnic : patron# nor failed ta. reinentber the free ndmipaiono/oritl lo rcpay his kindness by an unlimited credit on the imperial pur9e. The royal vice of ingrati? ude found no place in the bosoin of an c ursurper." Indeed! there is something magical in that power of personal attach- met which has Been proved by a thousand notorious facts to fiave belonged to (his; extraordinary mas. Never had one who wore a crown so many friends nor retained, the m so long. Napoleon's Option 07 the Best- Troops. — Madam Monthalon# having ask ed biiii what troops, might be accounted, best, replied, " those which gain victories, luadatne. But sobHers are capricious and inconstant like you ladies. The best troupe.: were ihe Carthaginians under Hannibal ; the Romans under the Sciopins ; the Mace donians under Alexander : . and the Prus-, sians under FredtricJk. I. think, however, I, , may s tiely affirm, tfeat the French troops were "of all others tfiope which wou'd most e isily be rendered the best and preserved? , so. With my cotqpjk te guard. of forty or? fifty thousand menI would have pledged, , ni) self to march through Europe, It is perhaps possible tq/iroduce troops as. good as those that com|fose my arniv of Italy?- and. Austerlitz.; k»U certainly nothing can, ever surpass t . env \- . ' J' ... . - ... =-- V Printed and palilikb'id by John Brown and> Bvland JohN; Mowand, sole Proprietors#. Collios-street, 6A& ibonrne. 