TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. Sit,--I am one of those who believe that the discoveries of cience perfectly harmonize with the doctrines of christianity, and say, when they are "brought forth, "The works of God are great, sought out of all them that have pleasure therein." " This work is perfect." " The earth is full of his "glory." Yet allow me to ask whether religion is not lore? The apostle paul says that all knowledge without love can do nothing for a man (See I Cor. 13 ch.) Now, can a plain, illiterate man get this love before he understands algebra, or can follow abstruse metaphysical argument? Woe to the world if he cannot I Most undeniably no book ever called mankind to the observation of nature so much as the Bilile has done: from the begin ning to the end it says, " Consider his work." "These arc a part of his ways." The psalms of David-the book of Job-the parables of the Re deemer, teach the wonderful works of God; but yet, I ask, did Jolmhn the divine understand mo dern chemistry, or Stephen the martyr minera logy? We have reason to think they would have known these ihings had opportunity favoured; hbt, as it was, their theology evidently lifted them up to God in raptures of love, and enlarged per ceptions of Ihis all glorious character, and filled "them with the kindliest feelings towards men without such knowledge. Here, then, is tIhe point to which 1 come. Must we of necessity ob tain deep knowledge of nature ere we can know God ? If I understand Dr. Udny aright, lihe de clares we must; then, let me ask, can we not conceive a fallen angel to have a still more exten sive knowledge of these things, and yet remain a devil ? Yes. And let me add it is to be feared that multitudes of fallen men also have had an cn lightened Intellect, who could never say, " The love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto us," nor, "rejoice with joy unspeakable and fidl of glory." In conclusion, 1 would inquire what has been the pioneer for modern science? Why do not the Chinese-the Tartars-the Affghans-the Malays the Esquimaux, possess Mechanics' Institutes, and there exhibit the splendours of Natural Theology ? The Bible-the Holy Bible, has not illuminated the moral hemisphere of the " children of nature," and they exhibit imperfection where all else is beauty and order, and are in a deplorable con dition.-Your obedient servant, OBSERVER. 