Sis hands blistered. Those who knew him could ?rove that he worked better when drunk, than ?When sober. , , . ' I These speakers excited much merriment ?amongst the audience, and were applauded by a few at the lower end of the room, where the op Ejosition party generally congregates. Mr. Sher Eyin took the trouble of remarking that the test imony of their friends was the first ever offered in Imposition to teetotalism, at their meetings, and Ee thought it would be a long time before they ?beard any more. It was for the meeting to weigh [what they had heard from them, with their own ?experience, and the experience of hundreds of ithousands. I Mr. Yates gave a most unmerciful castigation [to the gentleman who appeared before the meeting lin the character «f 'fudge,' describing his linterference whilst another speaker was on his ?legs, as impudent and uncalled for ; and his at iteinpt to asperse the character of a chairman at a I public meeting as a piece of wanton meanness. I The Rev. Mr. Price addressed the meeting at I considerable length, and with great good humour t instituted a comparison between some noisy indi I vidual who had been interrupting the proceeding, I and the lower order of the creation ; but compan \- eons are odious, especially in print The speaker I also dwelt forcibly upon this highly important 5 question — who will take the responsibility of niak [ ing drunkards ? TASMANIAN TEETOTAL SOCIETY. On Tuesday evening the Infant School-room was crowded, notwithstanding that the weather was unfavorable. The meeting was enlivened by several amusing: oppositionists, a report of whose speeches will be found below. They cut a very sorry figure, as may be supposed. We regret, for the cause of teetotalism, that they had not better success, for tbe miserable failure will probably deter them from renewing the attempt. The cause profits from opposition, and never thrives better than when its advocates are stimulated to extra exertion by encountering resistance. The Chairman, Isaac Sherwin, Esq. in opening the meeting, read a variety of extracts, some of which we here insert. The following are from a sermon on drunkenness, by Benjamin Carvosso, a Wesleyan minister, well known in this island : — " I begin with the variety of these liquors. They are of all shades ! all tastes ! all prices ! Verily, ' the colour giveth itself aright.' What is pleasing to the eye is before you. Your palate also is consulted with all imaginable care and nicety : here are all manner of sweets and bitters — acids and acrids: drinks for gentlemen and ladies — drinks for labourers and students — drinks for poor and rich — drinks for infants and men of grey hairs — drinks, provincial and national, for English, Irish, and Scotch. Here you have before you port, sherry, and Madiera — brandy, whiskey, gin, and rum — beer, porter, ale, and cider, with all their endless offspring and relatives. You have as many kinds of inspiring drinks to aid your false appetite, as the credulous Romanist has imaginary saints to animate his spurious devotions. " And now for the ' enemy's' masterpiece — the facilities for dispensing these precious liquids. Here he stands in 'high places,' having contrived with his spirituous ' wickedness' so to enlist ' principalities and powers' in his favor, that he is become one of the ministy ! Nay, it is asserted, that whatever teetotallers may say about the dis- grace of it, no ministry can stand without him. Hence, on the motion of the Rechabites to oust him, he throws his gigantic arms round one of the main pillars of the state, and so storms and threatens, as to make John Bull himself tremble, lest he should in his rage pull down the house itself, and slay more at his death than ever he slew in his life ! Yes, this Master Alcohol — this foe of man's interests, present and eternal — this foe of all nations, but more especially the foe of Britain, has so contrived to blend his interests with our national affairs, as to blind the eyes of statesmen and Christians, and persuade them, point blank, that 'what is morally wrong, may be politically right.' This is no fiction ;— drunken- ness has been nursed and taxed for the good of the land, and has paid many millions annually to support the government of the country. Hence, as every man who would retain friends must show himself friendly, government has done her best to encourage and accommodate the drunkard in every part of the land. Respectable houses— not to say ' palaces,' for furnishing ' wine and spiritu- ous liquors,' bearing authority from the rulers of the state, are carefully distributed in every town, street, parish, hamlet, in the kingdom. To any but Englishmen, 50,000 of these ' poisoners- general' (as the acute Wesley calls common pub- licans) would have been enough in all conscience. But lo ! our kind and paternal government, very thoughtlessly, or as the champion of strong drink, inflicted on us that worse than cholera scourge — ' the beer bill !' By this masterly stroke ' the enemy' completed his plans for ensnaring the whole empire, by adding to the former number of public-houses 50,000 beer shops! Thus, by the aid of government and the laws of the country, our artful and fatal enemy has contrived to irri- gate with his poisoned waters every corner of the land ; or rather, to deluge us by one universal ' flood' of intoxicating drink.' * * * ' What has been the awful consequence of all this ? Here my heart sickens at the thought, and I know not how to proceed. ' Oh ! that my bead were waters, and mine eyes fountains of tears, that I might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people !' Is human life pre cious? Did Jesus Christ come, not to destroy men's lives, but to save them? Is one soul of more value than the whole world? and did the world's Redeemer taste death for every man? And are hundreds of the bodies and souls of men daily destroyed by this enemy — this sin of sins — Druukenness? How shall I bring this part of my subject before you ? Every one of 'you, especially you who are more advanced in years, look round within tlie circle of your knowledge mid memory. Recollect the instances that you have known of the dreadful effects of intemperate drinking. Ye men of forty five and upwards, where are your playmates ? — your schoolfellows ? — your early friends and asso ciates ? Are you not all prepared to relate some cstastrophe from drunkenness within the bounds of your own personal acquaintance? In what house is there not one dead ? Happy for you who have escaped. But alas 1 how many are in tears at the bare thought of the subject 1 Some of you, methinks, could fill a volume with tales of woe re sulting from the drinking system within the circle of your relatives, your friends, and your neigh bours. ' Your preacher could tell you much of what has come under his eye. Shall he relate to you two or three instances out of many ? When be was a boy, led by his father to the house of prayer, he well remembers meeting there a very serious looking man of religious profession, of the name of ? . Many years after he had obtained, ap parently, established piety, in attending fairs and markets lie fell by degrees into the sin of inebrity. After tippling awhile, to the unspeakable grief of hiB wife, family, and friends, lie became a con firmed drunkard. One Saturday night, returning alone from P ? market, at the midnight hour, in a state of intoxication, he lay down by the road side, and was found dead iuihe morning! Another person, a very respectable tradesman and a much respected local preacher, who used often to be at my father's house and table, and whose deeply pious wife was my mother's much loved friend, j gave way also to the same sin. Long warned, wept over, and borne with— character and circum- ; stances ruined— plunging deeper and deeper into drink and infamy, he was suddenly called into eternity under circumstances so appalling as to fill all classes with horror I When a foreign mis sionary, I found, in a township of New South Wales, an English woman, more respectable tban many of her neighbours. She was not only her self a very attentive and hopeful hearer, but was particularly serviceable to me in cherishing the snark of nietv in othirs. But drink had been her besetment. Three or four days before her sad end. I preached there on drunkenness.. She was present ; and, having heard of her delinquency iu the course of the week preceding, I warned, with all fidelity and affection. It was useless. One evening, enticed by the offer of liquor as she passed before the door of a public-house, she en tered in and drank excessively ; and at midnight, in a room with the drunken and debauched, she was found dead on the floor, suffocated by the fumes of alcohol! The following places the awful consequences of drinking in a more striking light than anything we remember to have read : — ' I could go on to I know not what length, re lating cases of this kind—cases both abroad and at home, equals distressing to every feeling of piety and humanky ; some cases even more touching to me, and of which I cannot think with out a tear. And have we more tbani;/?«c times ten thousand such awful cases, illustrative of the horrid evils of drink, happening every year within the bounds of the Britisli empire ! Let ' rivers of water run down' your eyes, while you view the graves of those who hare thus died since last Whit-Tuesday, as they heave in sad ridges the new mould of ' forty acres of Britisli soil.' But before you go and meditate among this appalling concourse of drunkards' tombs, just imagine how these unhappy tenants of the grave stood last year at this time. Think of their families ; — then ima gine you see the victims passing down this road, four deep, for several hours in succession filling up the way 1 — all — all destined shortly to be mur dered by the sword of alcohol 1 — all — all now in the silent grave ! These, your fellow-men — your brethren, are all the purchase of your Redeemer's blood ! Will you not weep over them ? And as you saw them reeling by, did you not drop a teav ? Did you not wish to save them — to save one of them from the wreck, by an effort like that of the heroic female in the north ; — to save one soul from death, and to hide a multitude of sins? But it is now too late 1— too late 1— too late ! They are gone ! — all gone ! — for ever gone ! You can only count their graves 1 and for the convenience of doing this melancholy work, and for the purpose of impressing1 the fearful fact upon your minds, you may conceive the graves of the last year, ranged four feet apart, side by side, by this road, where we fancied we saw them walking, and we shall have oue uninterrupted line of graves reach ing from Torpoint to Truro, a distance of nearly fiftj' miles ! Now suppose 3'ou took a journe}', or even a short solitary walk by the side of these graves ; and at the distance of every three or four steps a ghost stood up on one of the ominous mounds, and, with an unearthly voice, cried, iu your hearing, ' Damned through strong drink 1' and as you passed on, another, and another, and yet another, started up and cried, ' Damned through strong drink!' At length, one added these words thereto : — ' I have six hundred thou sand brethren ; take from them the cup, lest they also come to this place of torment.' Whatever you might have been before, I think it likely you would return from this walk a confirmed abstinent, and full of zeal also to induce all others to abstain from ' the cup of devils' — that cup of ' the enemy' so fruitful in damnation !' Mr. Sherwin then read the following extraor dinary, but accurate, compilation of the reasons for drinkinfr : — ' The reason that men allege for drinking are so numerous, that it may gratify the curiosity of some to hear them, and it will show bow much teetotalism has to contend with. After ages will be astonished at the prevalence of these customs, and they will at once pronounce us to have been the most besotted race that ever lived.' X^' Men drink when they are hot, and when they are cold, when they are wet, airs' when they are dry ; when they are sick, and when they well. Sonie drink for nourishment, some for stimulant, and some for pleasure.' We drink atachristeiTing/i at a wedding, and at a funeral.'* Men drink at buying)' and at selling.'* They drink when they meet, and when they part': drink for ioyj and 111 grief.'1 The student drinks to mak6 him think/ the dejected to drown thought? ' No occasion but subserves for drink. The friend is blessed with drinkj'and the enemy is cursed with the same? Loyalty demands drink.*5 The kings health is desired with a quaff at the cupVand annual are the orgies of his devoted subject* Men drink upon a victoryjWl upon the proclamation of peace*.' Tory*5 whig, and radical, all drink at their political feasts. All classes drink, Princes and Lords at their ban quets. Aldermen and Couucellor at their civic feasts. Bishops and Clergy at their visitations, and the commonality at wajces and feasts All trades drink. The. smith to quench a sp'ark ; the miller to clear his throat ; tbe tailor for relaxation ; the labourer to refiru.it his strrne'tli : t.lip. Sneinr with his patient: the lawyer with his client; the parson with his flock ; the auctioneer sells best with drink; drink for footings ; drink for fines; drink for liousewarmings. Fair ladies in in teresting cases need drink, also when tbey nurse. The young are taught to drink, the old can't do without'it. Poets are inspired by drink ; actors can't rant without it. So also does the prostitute rely upon drink; tbe seducer and adulterer depend upon its agency ; the robber plots over it ; the murderer's arm is nerved with it. Men bully, swear, and blaspheme, best with drink : and so do traitors hatch treason ; sailors aud soldiers drink as taught by their employers. The state has to be supported by it, the drunkard is the states Jackal, and men drink to furnish the revenue. Men drink at balls and routs ; at plays ; at cards : at dice. No place too profane, no place too sacred for intoxicating drink. Social intercourse demands it; the ladies sip a little at their morning calls — pledge each other at dinner — and mix a bowl of punch for the envening party.' The following had been handed to him by a tradesmau — ' When a coachman gets a new leather apron, one of the shipmates make a mark on it, with a bottle, or something round, for which the owner pays half a gallon, and the others pay pints apiece all round. When shoeing wheels, they get so much drink a set, which tends often with a spree.' - ' A gentleman having made an agreement with a master coachmaker, that he would give his men £6, if the master would give £6 more to drink) by completing a carrVicfi, by :a$Ber^1t[m%^yi was done ; the rnaster.and men where ioth losers there being no #6flr' done online premises for nearly a fortnight,: owing' to their keeping UD the snree, and a bjUsy time too.'.: -: |.,v?.- ' Two sawyers (mates) bought a new saw, and went to christen it (by the name of Bess) with a quart of beer only; when both kept drinking for nearly a fortnight, and required medical aid to restore them to health, which was impaired bv that spree; one of them having drank 16 quarts in one day, the effects of which he felt at intervals for some few years, and died at the early age of about 35, to all appearance a roan of 50.' The Chairman having remarked upon the danger of so many excuses, and the injuries tend ing of these drinking customs, called upon ? Mr. Smith, who rose to address the meeting when — ™ Mr. Milne, publican, stepped forward and said ? he thought temperance was very necessary, but as for teetotalism, it was an abomination. He wished to see people consistent, and asked Mr. Sherwin, aa a teetotaller, who it was that took the spirits out of bond for the brie William. Mr. J. W.Uell expressed his surprise, that a person of Mr. Milne's character, should so far forget himself, as to come forward and interrupt another gentleman, who was about to address thfi chair. He thought it was a gross breach of etiquette, and that Mr. Milne ought to apologise if he wished to maintain the character of a° i&. spectable man. Mr. Yates expressed similar opinions, which were loudly responded to by the meeting. Mr. Sherwin explained,' that the creditors of Mr. John Griffiths, who was the owner of six vessels, appointed him to the management of tlie estate, for which he received a salary, and was in fact a clerk to the creditors. He was, therefore ? compelled to do the duties of the office, aud if a teetotaller could not be allowed this, why he might as well go out of the world altogether. He had frequently conversed with Mr. Griffiths upoa the subject, and endeavoured to shew him the ad vantage of introducing the teetotal system amongst the crews and passengers, and in some cases succeeded with the latter. But, it was thought necessary, that the crews should be supplied with, rum, and it was therefore his duty, as the paid manager of the estate, to act as any clerk would be compelled to do under similar circumstances. He undoubtedly did sign the bonds for the spirits shipped on board the William. If this were morally wrong, or inconsistent, he should be happy to have it clearly shewn so. Mr. Sherwin entered into a lengthy explanation, of which the above is merely the substance, and fully exonerated himself as the meeting testified, by loud applause. Mr. Milne, who remained standing during Mr. Sberwin's address', said he had nothing more to say, but as for teetotalisin, it was 'mercfoodge.' Mr. Smith then addressed the meeting upon the question ' whether the laws which authorise the sale of intoxicating drinks are morally wrong.' He first enquired into the tendency of such drinks anil in refutation of the prevailing opinion of their utility and beneficial effect, read the following; remarks by Dr. Pye Smith — 'The most erroneous opinions prevail, iu the non-medical part of society, concerning the na ture of animal-stimulation and the operation of stimulating substances. The general notion is,' that ihasa substances act upon tbe animal frame in some way that imparts strength and vigour ; and, therefore, they are employed, cither in prepa ration for exertion, to lay in a stock of power be forehand, or after exertion, to repair and supply the power which has been expended. Not only persons whose daily expenditure of strength lies in mere bodily labour, but authors, artists, and public speakers, very extensively have recourse to' wine, or spirits, to support them, as tbey unhap pily think, under their labours. But the whole assumption springs from a radical error. Stimti latin': (as the word itself imports) is analogous to goading an ox* at the plough, or spurring and whipping a horse on the journey. Stimulation gives no strength ; it only urges and forces to a more vehement, and consequently to a more ra pid, outlet}' of the strength, or capacity for exertion, which already exists ; and, by an invariable law of all organization, that outlay is succeeded by* a depression and diminution of the capacity, pro portioned to the exciting force which has beVm ap plied. It is according to this law that all liquids containing alcohol act upon the human- frame. Thev force the blood to an unnaturally rapid cir culation, tbe muscular fibres to a more intense contractibility, and the nerves and brain toun excess of susceptibility. This state of physical excitement works upon the mind, not indeed by invigorating the understanding and the judgment, purifying the passions, or making the conscience more delicately discerning; but only in the way of rendering more ardent, and wildly sahenttbe tumultuous faculties of imagination and passion. From the moment that a healthy person awakens to acknowledge his morning mercies, till at night when he lays his wearied limbs on the couch of sleep he is the subject of tbe inevitable, but na tural and lawful stimuli of tbe day. Light, air, the variations of temperature, labour and social intercourse, thinking and feeling, are the divinely appointed stimulating agents, to urge us on to proper and beneficial action. For repairing tbe vital energy consumed by this daily expenditure, God has made a well-adapted provision. : Does | that provision consist in superadded stimulation' —A reflecting child may see that the supposition , is absurd. In what, then' does it consist?— In ] ways and means the very contrary to stimulation; in. ways and meaus whose object is to arrest the progress of excited energy, tocalm,'to soothe, to I bring back the circulation and the irritability to the state*of quiet, in which state alone can bony and mind accumulate new power. ? (These ways and means are Food and Rest ; food such as indi vidual experience ascertains to be the most con genial and nutritious ; and rtst, in its two natural forms, — first, that of a short cessation during the day from severe labour, in a recumbent posture, or at least with the legs supported in a horizontal position; and, secondly, that of 'tired natures sweet restorer, bahnv sleep.' ? These opinions were borne out by the experi ence of millions. Mr. Smith then enquired into the object of law-, and how far the sale of spirra tended towards the accomplishment of those on jects or the reverse, and concluaeti by comparing the effects, produced with the -.divine fte^ofri-l ' Do unto others, as you would' others should 00 unto you.' ' , ? ,' ? ?* , An anti-teetotaller came forward and stetMi that he had tried .the teetotal principle, but coutt not do his work so well, and was, pot bo, W11 ?? health, as when he took a glass 'of grog. , He liked temperance, but totaf ?absjjne'ng^'wM go* for no man. ' '?'' ? l' '~ '' j] Another came forward and said he.had been* drunkard twenty-one years; and fwas a'tceWwU0 four months, but he could not'So his 1 work, «» 