THE OEBREMONIES OF HOLY WEEK. FaoMs the earliest period of Christianity the ob servance of Lent preceded the festival of Easter, and the last week of this holy time has been one of peculiar solemnity, not only because of the special preparation that was to be made for the Easter communion, but also because of the important facts which are then commemorated; hence its core. monial is one specially interesting. 'Tho object of our church ceremony is not mere idle show; such exhibitions would, in religion, be worse than a waste of time, and might even become mischievous; for persons might thereby be led to imagine that the mere observance of the outward forms was the service of that God who seeks true adorers to'worship him in spirit and in truth, and who can therefore never be pleased by any homage which is not internal and spiritual, or the observ ance might degenerate into superstition, when an expectation was cherished of deriving from more external actions; effects neither belonging to.their nature nor promised by God. As an impression frequently exists in the minds of some well disposed persons, that the multitude of ceremonies during this week is little consonant to the spirit of religion, and really is superstitiosn, it might not be amiss to premise a few general ob. servations before entering upon the special expla. nation of the several parts. The legitimate objects of external rites in re ligion, as far as they are of human institution, are the instruction of the mind and the amelioration of the heart; or, as might at once be expressed, their object is the promotion of enlightened piety. Whatever does not tend to this, is at least useless, probably mischievous. The Catholic church is de rous of having all her observances tested by tls principle: but, unfortunately, several who admit its correctness, will frequently take no pains to ascertain how the facts they observe are brought under its influence, and they pass judgment without sufficient examination. The mind is enlightened not only by conveying new information to the understanding, but by also recalling to the memory what was passing into oblivion, and by deeply imprinting upon it those traces that were becoming indistinct or faint. The heart is ameliorated when its affections are excited to the condemnation of vice, to sorrow for sin, to gratitude for mercies, to desire of God's glory, to resolutions of fidelity in his service, love of his law, 'benevolence towards our follow creatures, and ex. ertlons for their benefit; especially If the great motive which impels to these be the love of our Redeemer. The lessons which are calculated to produce so much benefit, might be convoyed not only by the voice of the preacher, but by the exhibition of the printed pager words, whether spoken or written, are merely conventional signs for the purpose of exciting ideas, and the ear or the eye might be equally well impressed by other means, as by the sermon or the book. Music can affect the soul through the one, as painting can through the other. How often has he to whom the most eloquent orator addressed himself in vain, been vanquished by the charms of melodious sound? How often, has the painter or the sculptor rivetted the attention of him who has read description after description with complete indifference ? To how many generations has Lacoon proclaimed 'his anuguish? Can you count the multitudes that have hung round the transfiguration? Who will describe the sensations produced by the Miserere? He who would thus endeavour by an abstract semblance of philosophy, to argue against what is thus testified by nature through the voices of myriads, may well he ex pected soon to bid you hold fire in your hand, and think of Caucasus. Yet have men written po. lished sentences; they have constructed rounded periods, and called them by the name of religious philosophy, and philosophical religion, and rational devotion, merely to deprive religion herself of those natural aide, which under the auspices of heaven, and frequently by the express command of God himself, were used for the promotion of his service amongst his people. Either of these taken sepa rately is useful and powerful, but when the com bination of all is applied to bring the mind to any particular frame, the effect is almost irresistible. When music, scenery, action, and poetry unite, to call up the remembrance of ancient worthies, of cities buried under the ruins of ages, of tranlactions nearly obliterated by the hand of time, transactions in which the observers now have n'o'actiest intoresot, how is the imagination seized upon, the memory excited, the affections interested, and the very heart itself engaged P Yet this is only ceremony. And shall we be told that it is superstitious to use the most natural and efilcacious mode of so exhibiting to a redeemed race the tragic occur rences of the very catastrophe by which that re demption was effected, as to produce deep impres sions for their religious improvement ? This is the great object of the church in the ceremonial of the holy week. This is the great end she seeks to attain, by the observances which she has estab lished. And therefore sioe must upon the plainest maxims be acquitted of the charge of superstition : her judgment or her taste, or both, may be ar raigned if you please, but her religion is vindicated. if the multiplication of religious rites he super stition, then is the God of Sinai its most powerful ahettor. Without entering further into the details of the Lenten observance, it will stflice to remark, that on the fifth Sunday, which is exactly a fortnight before Easter, the solemn commenoration of the passion or sufferings of the Saviour commenced. On the eve of that day the ornaments were gone rally removed from the churches, or they were covered, and the crosses veiled with deep violet, in token of mourning and penance, se that during this fortnight, the appearance of the church indicates to the faithful the sentiments which befit the so lemnity. Formerly the catechumens who had been found worthy, were baptized on the eve of Easter, and the public penitents who had been in fasting, in prayer, and in other religious exercises, seeking reconciliation through Christ, expected also to be admitted to the sacraments. Now that the great week was about to cormence, cot only did the body of the faithful take a deeper interest in the facts which were brought to their view, but also these particular classes had their special duties. The first day of this week, therefore, was called by a variety of names, by reason of the several ob. servances. The approved catechumens were se lected and declared "competent;" hence it was called Dominica ceompetestlunm. They had ab stained during Lent from the use of the bath, but now, preparing for the unction which followed bap tism, they washed their heads, on which account it obtained the name of capita lavantlium, As the council of Agde directed that the symbol should be then explained to the " competents," the Gothic missal styles the Mass of this day, Jlfissa i symboli traditione. The Popes also, in commemoration of Magdalen's pietytowards Jesus, John xif., 3. were accustomed on the previous day to. give lerger alms than usual, that they might show towardwthe poor, who are the members of Christ, that charity which she exhibited to their head. The day received also a title from this custom. But the names of the Sunday of Palms, the) Sunday l of Olives, the Sunday of Flowers, &c.;, were the more general appellation. Macri, as quoted, by Jacob Goar, gives a curious and interesting account of tie cus toms of the Maronites on this day, respetting the olive tree, which they bless and carry in prccession. Greater also describes the ceremonial at Jerusalem. The transaction which is commemorated it related by St. Matthew, c. xxi, This occurred at the close of his public ainistry, when, having made every pioeparation for the accomplishment of all that had been writen con cerning him by the prophets, he went up to Jeru salem for the consummation of Iis sacrifice THa TNnana.e.- From the days of the ,postles the church prescribed for her clergy a divincoffice; that is, a duty of attendance upon the Lord, This duty was one of prayer. The office in HolI Week is called tile tenebrer, or darkness. Authoras are not agreed as to the reason. Some infcnn us that the appellation was given, because formerly it was celebrated in the darkness of midnight; others say that the name is derived from tae ob. scurity in which the church is loft at the con. clusion of the office, when the lights ae eCx. tinguished. The offic of Wednesday evening, thlen, ~s the matins and lauds of Thursday morning in their most simple and ancient style, stripped of every circumstance which could excite to joy, or draw the mind from contemplating the grief of the man of sorrows. At the epistle-sideof the sanctuary,~ how. everian unusual object presents itself to our/view. It is a large candlestick, upon whose sunimit a triangle is placed; on the sides ascendiug to the apex of this figure, are fourteen yellow ca?ndles, and one on the point itself. Before giving t1o ex. planatlon generally received respecting the bject of its present introduction, we shall mention hat has been said by some others. These light nd those upon the altar, are extinguished durl the office. All are agreed that one great object 4 this extinction is to testify grief and mourning. The explanation which appears to us m in. structive, is that which informs us that the c dles which are ranged along the sides of this tr ogle represent the patriarchs and the prophets, wlho, under thie law of nature and tile written law ave the world the light of thIat imperfect revelation hich they received, but all tending towards one olt, which was Christ the hiessias, he that wa pro. mised,as not only the one in whlom allnationes ould be blessed, but who, as the orient on high; e to shed the beams of knowledge upon thos onds that hIad been so long enveloped in darkune As these lights are extinguished one at the endo ach psalm, so were these chosen ones, after -I lng proclaimed the praises of the Redeemer, cons ned o deatbh, many of them by the people whon hey instructed. Towards the termination of the office, the lights upon the altar are also put out,.whilst the choir recites the last verses of the canticle of Zacharias, the father of Jolhn the Baptist, a can tidle in which that priest first proclaimed the praises of the Lord, the glories of the Saviour, and the office of his own son, when his dumbness was terminated upon the circumcision and naming of the child that was to be the precursor. This John was the last of the prophetic hand, but his light was more resplendent than that of any or his predecessors, because upon the banks of the Jordan he pointed out that I.amb of God that came to take away the sins of the world, and because he sent his disciples from his prison to receive from Jesus himself the testimony of those miraculous works, by the performance of which the prophecies regarding him were made manifest. Thus was hie more than a prophet by his demonstration of the Christ. John then was also consigned to the grave by Herod, and Jesus remained with the eyes of all Judea fixed upon him, now that he was clearly established in the full and unrivalled possession of the character of him who was to be sent, of him who was expected, of him whose day Abraham lounged to see, and beholding it rejoiced, for he had done works which no other had done, and there was no excuse for the unL?lievers. The conspiracy is successful; the traitor delivers him; the cere mony corresponds to this; for now the remaining candle is concealed under the altar at the epistle side, the prayer is in silence, the psalm beseeching mercy is sung, the last petition is made, and a sudden noise reminds us of the convulsions of nature at' the Saviour's death, w?hlen crying out with a loud voice he gave up the ghost; whilst the affrighted sun drew back, the moon was covered with dark clouds, the veil of the temple by its rent opened the way for this eternal high priest to bear his own blood into that sanctuary which it had hitherto concealed, and the very rocks afforded by their new chasms an egress for those who had been long entombed to come forth and exhibit themselves in the agitated city. But this light has not been extinguished ; it has only been covered for a time; it will be produced still burnihg and shedding its light around. Yes ! the third day will see thie Saviour resuscitated and beaming his efful gence on the world. 