. o H. H., . A. - Sta-If avery one of your Milesian ancestors had been eqially inf8eible In matters .of faith, you •weuld scarcely he found, at this time of.day,,calling people ugly, unchristian-" names ;" nor would it be necalssasy ,perhaps forsomen of the descendants of :those who never if went oves," to draw very largely. ,on thrir -stock of presumption, in order to obtain ethe privilege of addressing you; but be this as -it .may, any one .of them, nlow., may be permitted to ,takethat .liberty :(in their own vindication atleasst) -seeirtgthat you have laid yourself open to it, by 'termlog the faith of bhe whole body idolatrous; .aid should I happen to be aset the most humble, .which.I regret ; -buteven the moatlineignlatant being of iheeatire, which 1 also regset, perhaps, air, 9You will ie• very little cause.to'lud fault with,me en either ?ore, even after ye -have read (isould you .ever-read) this communication. Without further ;preface, then, allow me to point out to you the manner in which. this same idolatry happens to be taught 'I quote from Butler's Catechism I .- Q. What is commanded by the 'rst-Command. miant I ,' A. To adore onoe God, and to adore but him alone. '" Q. What is forbidden .by the-lrst 'Command. -nent't '" A. To give to any;" to any creature," sir, " the honour due to God alone." There, .sir.; there's the .sample of our idolatry ; ,and the charity -inculcated by the same authority is of a piece with it,; for it :teaches to " love-God above all things, and our neighbour, .(including those who injure us, or differ from as in religion), ai we love ourselves; to do good to those that hate us, pray for those who persecute ansod ealumniast ,us." We learn from it, besides,besides andfrom equally credible sources (and we are food, air, whatever tuay be said or sung to.the.cotrary, of learningi ,partlelarly when we are sure, but not otiherwise, 4hat those who oundertake 'to insrunet us have been themselvesdproperly instructed, and are duly qua. -ilted to instruct others,) to. give honour to those -to *hom honour is due. Thus am I bound, sir, inde. ,pendently of other considerations, to honour you on account of your superior rank. We honour the "Queen (God bless her),' as placed over-us by.God, and all who rule by her appointmeni, as her repre sentatives " We honour the saints and the angels, as the friends of God in his ,glory; but chisey we .honour, next to our Lold Jesus Christ himself, oour Blessed Lady, -because she has been-l ised by him - to the hlgh diagitv,-the- highest to which a creature -can be raised, of being -his mother.- -We ask the .assistance of their prayers, and we believe that our united homage {(obh,. glorious Catholic Commisilon of Saints Il) is acceptable .to.God, through the meslits of Him who died 'to atone and to merit for .every- child oL humianity. - We honour,: .in -fine,' everything, how insignificant soever it may appear; -that relates more immediately to the Divinity. - We -would not dare, nor would you, sir, to disrespect .the reprersetatiuosof our Queen. Who lives there that would not venerate-those of a dear departed friend or relativel? orif such a one does live, away with him'I And what shall be said then of the pictures, the images, the relies of our Blessed Lady and of -the saints.1 what -ef the glorious 'cross l Whatrl ,Why, that we honour them as bringing to our minds rthb personages they represent, or to n horn they appertained; that we honour them, once for all, because they relate to the Moat High God, to whom ,through our Lord and only Saviour Jesus Christ, be ,all honour, praise, nd glory :for ever and ever. Can this be idolatry, sir, think you S If it be, Lord .htlp.us, for we can't mend-it. .I will just .observe, here, however, that while we are allowed, .without the slightest-compromise of faith, to.use a respectful (and noCathblici I am sure, would attempt to use other than a respectful) discretion .with regard to the invocation of saints, honounrig -their .plcturea, &c.;, ;it may admit 'of a -question whether any believer in -Christ can permit himself wholly:to overlook, or at all to despise them, eand rsla, ait.the tamsetime- his integrity as a Christian, +ils consistency as a.uatlionl being, .or even, I must say ??. allections as a Rman; but- enough. I cannot pass ho, however without eanesprensio of heanrtflt grattide towards. those heavenly men, on" fathers Athae reform sneer sotwithstanding);- `we o ee aiffctionately to call them,' through' hiwbose pious lipsiand godly writiogs web re secared;iganst all th feais and the doubts, and the waverin?s and wanderingr- of the Reformatioo, and imbibe those ?lessons by which we are! taught as our univesral maaioi, that God is to be honoeered in all his crea' tUres-_'l.ll for :God i" we rerise these men, sir. Beforei I 'have done, .I hope to make yea ashamed of some of your instrsoltors; I do.indeed, sir, and yoe may not be quite ditpleasod -with me forx .lt, either.?. Yaour displayatl Parramatlaino doubt, most have been highly applauded, and- no wooder, when it:is coasidesed who your euditors, for "thle most part, were; .whata pity tht lone of: tboio w thnI oIal •lade, itbhe * missionary," *' -lorrow," I -thiank, hi n•amei.'ef~F ib,-lhroulgh'the agency-:of th revilersif -the moethe'mlrk, sir, says hel, onsrs the son, by ,distributl~g wery doubtful iBibles, and more thin EvangelOl Itrcta, io Spalin. What a pity, I say, that-hi~oo,' saitly man, wanot lstoolninog to it ;- his applause, surely, wosld have been worth moie than that of all the rest. 'I hid. a ' traci," contaOinIg eoma:olf this '!Borrow'" .precious- dolol?gs, thriult into my hlods, -some time ageo io SBydney; atnd I Shavele mne seen eatrract from some of his " works ;" and, Ido not like to ruse strong epithets, bit, if ver.one man of ,the "i eflormation"deserved them more than another, that borrow is, moat assuredly, sbe eman; look; for iosntane, atthe-maanter a which he haate'aud-ciety to speak of our Blessed Saviour, whenhbe says that we " Catholes" (alling us, of course, by the customary " liekanimes."' mikeHim a" littletbild" and i a "bit of bread." - adsul, bolrible,- unheard of lmplety I We?l i-ind smkesh. Pray Herave the man mray be mad s Why our doe.c Irine of the incarliation !Is simply this s " He wan conceilved by the Holy Ghost, and born of the Virgin Mary,"and that of the -blessed E'ichrihtl smonits oaly tos engsGly simple belisf that the Son of God spoke truly, when be ssld, " this is my body i" "tihlais my blood ,"' nd. yet we-we make him-i shudder to repeat thbe 'words; I hesitated to witp them, - 'Hrrow I Kllgrsow I was it net enough to become a voluntary, and seemingly a very pleased retailer of the nicknames applied to the Mother of .God by your friends in Spain; to Her of whom it is written, " From henceforth all generations shall call me blessed."* Must her divine Boa also (Him whom you affect to, honour) be sneered at I Oh. vile re fornimaoima'of nicknames I Is nothing too sacred for you 1 God's Priests, God's Church, God's Saints, God's Mother, God himself I God in the Mlanger, God in the Eucharist-all I most all alike be subjected to your unholy operation. Nay, the rage is an inveterate, that even on yourselves do you exercise it - for the Reformation, from top to bottom, from ' Lutheranism" and "Calvinism"- to "Jo-. banns Southcotism" ansd " Beardy Prophetism," inclesive, is only a. huge and discordant jumble of nicknames self.inflcated. Our impenetrable shield, ".Catholic" repels those which you burl from time to time at as.; while those which you inflict Ipon yourselves stick to, and wound,and characterse )onu, and so* will continue to do, as .long as sectarianism has a local habitation and a Sfuat and it is ino'vain that you sometimes appear under one designation, Protestant, iiself a nickname, in order to make fiercer bead against the church of the living God; she is too -firmly fied; the rock of ages tipon which sre standsis too securely' based ; she alone is the inheritress of the ".promise ;", and no power, either of earth, or of hell, or of both united, can ever " prevail against her ;" and although one of your Catholic ancestors happened to take a differept view of the subject, few, paihse wouud enture to imi.' tue him. / Bet I as vnot.done with this. Borrow yet. No. I mean to introduce him in another point of view, such as must make his deareat friends blush.to have the slightest connexson with - him. But, what do I say 1 After all, he is only one of a genus. How. ever. It has fallen in my way, Sir, before now to hear of you, I mention-It to your honor, as an excellent patron' and friend. You know .what filial piety means; supposing, now,that :a person in your em., ploy were to apply toyou for a favor, and thst.after the usual' preliminaries in such eases, ,he should: proeseed to give you a history of his .ramblings in 9 the " bush, and of the facetious qualities of 4hose merry- jesting fellows, the bushrsngers, to whose. safe keeping (UDnknown to you,;of course,) he had beeoi sn the habit' of entrusting the most valuable part.of your property, and of his " ridings.out" and. 'jbivouacs" with themi, and of the droll vein of aidit?ulewith.twbict they, 'in their own '"tree and. easy'" style,' treated about .certain peeuliarities of some of your most esteemed friends, and wind up thie whole with an interesting account of the funny nicknames they were accustomed .to bestow upon your own mother. You would favor the - surely no doubt in lifeof it, with a sound ---- ; and yet, such ,precisely, likening small things to great, is the fashion after which -this -Borrow, and oihers of his stamp, would 'dare to treat the Son of the Virgin. Impiety, Sir,' and indecency are words which'have'certain meanings attached to them;.but' till they come to mean their contraries, and till-our blessed Lord Jesus can be supposed to entertain a less regard for the honour of 'His Sacred Mother, snd HisGlorified Friends, and His .Holy-Church, ihanlI believe you to. have for-that of your house, of - sour-friends, and your mnother, I would not stand beforethe 'awful judgment seat under the weighty responsibility of these gentry.; thatei,'if they do not irpeonts.ye, and do penance too-before they die i no, sot for counitless millions, . am, yours, &c.;, A MILESIAN. . ] 