CHRISTIAN UNION AND THE VOLUNTARY PRINCIPLE. Sir—There are two topics connected with Christi anity, now occupying the attention of the religious public of South Australia; namely, the Voluntary Principle and Christian Union. Permit me through your columns to call the attention of disciples profes sionally, and those who really love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth, to the further consider ation of these subjects. A9 a Christian and therefore a disciple of Christ Jesus, (for the disciples were first called Christians at Antiocb), 1 am deeply interested in all that regards Christianity; that primitive Christianity taught by Jesus and the Holy Ghost, his appointed teacher in his absence; for that only is sanctioned by Him, and 1 maintain that other Christianity than this, ought not to be admitted by any disciple of Jesus, and to it all dis ciples are equally responsible; and it is at the peril of denying the authorty of the Master, to put aside this primitive revelation of Jesus and the Holy Ghost; or on the foundation established by Him to raise a fabric either in part or the whole, (though human wisdom may judge the same ornamental), not consonant with the pattern shown them in the New Testament. The two principles noticed above, are those of essen tial importance; and of such magnitude of character, in reference to the quality of the religion of Jesus the son of God, that I feel it incumbent on me to state the truth, relative to these important points as made known by Him, who has the undoubted authority to require obedience of them who call him Master; and are called to please him and not to please themselves; even as He says, " I came not to do mine own will, but the will of Him that sent me;" and "He has left us an example that we should follow his steps." The union of the disciples of Jesus, and fellowship in that union, are so essentially connected with Christianity that iL cannot exist in manifestation without them, for it is evolved in the uuion of the Father and the Son, and is a manifestation of the same drawn out; "That you may have fellowship with us, (says John); and truly our fellowship is with the Father and with his Son Jesus Christ." And this fellowship is a fellowship wherein love abounds; and abounds in an entire ad mission of all truth; and in which the union is known and manifested. Jesus says, "If ye keep my command ments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments and abide in his love;1/ and therefore a manifest union, in which there , is a departure from the commands of Jesus, cannot be a union recognised by the Master and the Holy Ghost. You say truly, Sir, in your article published, "Chris tianity' recognises no such distinctions as the followers of Christ have set up." !No, Sir, it does not; and if it recognises no such distinctions, it cannot recognise a union fabricated on the existence of such distinctions; for the Apostle Paul isay3 by the Spirit " Be ye all of one mind," in manifest oneness, and the Lord prays the Father, " That they all may be one even as we are one, that thd world may know that Thou hast sent me." But is it so? And cau it be possible that the re versG of this should have the sanction of those who call Jesus Master; and profess to love Him that begat, While they set at nought tlie wish of Him that is begot ten of him ? My Brethren, I would say to those dis ciples of the Lord Christ, who may read this letter through its introduction into your columns, "these things ought not so to be." This course is the marked feature of the world's practice. Jesus says, " If they have not kept my sayings neither will Uiey keep yours; and the words which ye hear are not mine but of Him who sent me." It therefore becomes a considers*ion, a deeply impor tant consideration, with the disciples who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth, and consider tliey are not their own but the subjects of their Saviour and Redeemer whether tliey are not called to come out, and stand aloof, from this admixture of distinctions, divisions, denominations, profession and ministrations; arising from the ingenious devices of natural wisdom, making Christianity to be connected with and dependent on human and worldly power. " Come ye out from among tliem and be ye separate, suilh the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters." It cannot be too often repeated that the dispensation of these latter days, the revelation of Jesus, is a dispen sation purely spiritual,—a dispensation of the Spirit; — not carnal, requiring neither this mountain nor yet Jerusalem, in which the worshippers of the Father must congregate; but a worship in spirit and in truth,'both individually and in private, publicly and assembled in numbers wherein it may be shown, it is begun, carried on, and ended in the Spirit's ministration, neither re quiring nor receiving any assistance from natural cr human rites, forms, or ordinances. And this necessarily leads me to remark concern'ng the Voluntary Principle, -which, if rightly understood, arises in, and out of the other, as one of those branches which it sends forth; for if disciples were dwelling in the.oneness of the union, in the love, showing forth the praises of Him who hath called them out of dackness into marvellous light, and exhibiting, that they are "a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people," to offer up spiritual sacrifices unto God through the ministration of the Holy Ghost dwelling in them and bfiing with them ; they would have their fruit unto holi ness, and thus abounding in every good work, would be given to hospitality, and ministering to the necessity of saints, and esteeming very highly for their works' sake those gifted among them and qualified by the Holy Ghost, "for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body," in love ministered of this ability which God giveth. The glowing love which, descending according 10 the Divine economy from the Father and the Son, and by the Spirt shed abroad in the heart, and exhibited in unfeigned love of the brethren, with a pure heart fervently, will not allow any suffering or want tempo rarily to be experienced by any brother who ministers in the revelation of Jesus; but hire, or salaried setting apart, or constitution of office; which gives a privilege to make merchandise of the Gospel or revelation of the Lord Christ, the Christianity taught by Jesus and his Apostles, recognises not, nay condemns ; it grows not from this tree,—it flows not from this fountain,—it is a law its Founder never gave forth; a principle, never admitted by his Apostles,—which only arose when the simplicity and oneness of Christianity, in the unity of the love and truth, were departed from, and is an off spring begat and nurtured in the long night of anti christian darkness. How far removed from the spiritual and sacred character of Primitive Christianity are all such things! how diverse to the commands of Jesus the Master, to his Aposllea his servants: "Freely ye have received; therefore freely give." Jesus and his Apostles knew only one common interest in temporals, they had one common fund, kept in one common bag; and the words of Jesus apply in every sense to his disciples, "The disciples is not above his Master." PHILADELPHIA. Adelaide, 16th August, 1843. 