EEVIEW. Englanita Exiles, or a View of a System] of Instruction and Discipline as carried into effect during the Voyage to the Penal Colonies of Australia. By CO- LIN AUROT BROWNING, M.D., Sur- geon, Royal Navy. 1842, pp. 238, Darton and Clark, Holborn Hill, Lon- don. SOME eighteen months or two years ago we j brought under the notice of the publie ano ^ j ther work by the same author, containin '" address to the female prisoners on be- £. _ last convict ship that arrived in tV i9 JLJ-JJ' the Margaret, of which he w 4S'\ïjur"C0^ Superintendent ; and of that r ^ J^ as its author, we felt on-^^ boun(] tQ speak in terms of li- u ^^^^^ With ihe present P'.tfd¿otkm we are ali" better pleased, _b'_«""__ it enters into and gives a minute ' _ctaU of nI1 Ur Browni_g.s Pl8"Sftn.d,ar.rangements for the instruction and discir(iue 0f thenumerous convicts who rv"/ .r>-'tlt un(ier his care on hoard the &'!"'Mistone, during their voyage from ?kOndon to Van Diemen's Land. Those plans were of the most judicious and effi- cient nature, and as superintended and carried into effect by himself, were followed ¡by the most extraordinary and pleasing "-results. Dr. Browning is evidently a man .of fervent piety and burning ZP-.I, His views of the great system ol' Christianity are broad, and deer, aiidcleai ; indeed, his acquaintance iv'.ih the Scriptures, and with ill! (he pecu'.hritioy of the Go'.pel in its l/i-uleifc outlines mid faintest dndows, would do credit to any theologian. With lum religion ia not a matter of form or of intellectual contemplatnii merely, but it is \- " fthe grand element in which, though a Surgeon of the Royal Navy, he lives, and breathes, and has his being ; and it is the only and all-powerful means by which, in the varie'y of its adaptations, he works upon the character and consciences of the outcasts that arc committed to his care. 3 le gives it a visible shape and form in all his arrangements, and exhibits its omni- potence for good when rightly applied to (the human mind, even although that mind ás found in the lowest and most degraded »circumstances. On the 13th and 15th days of January, J83G, 2-10 piisoncrs, consisting of 170 men and 70 boys, were embarked on board the Elphinstone. Their voyage ended on the 30th of May following, when they were disembaikcd at Hobart Town. Under ordinary circumstances one would liavc expected that their character nfc the termination of such a voyage would have fceen worse than at its commencement, ¡that the contamination produced by the .close intercourse they must necessarily have held, the evil communications that must have taken place, and the wnnt of profitable occupation among so great a number, would produce the worst effects upon their principles and feelings; and that bnd as they were on leaving the shores of Britain, they would be incalcu- lably worse when they reached the shore of "Van Diemen's Land. But, to our utter surprise, such was not the case. Re- sults of a kind directly the opposite were produced. They were landed with a different character indeed, but that character was all on the side of improve- ment; a change upon most of them, if 3iot all, had taken place for the better, and in some instances loan astonishing degree. A brief statement of facts will prove this. 1\. As to education. At the time of their embarkation, out of 240 convicts,37 could a-ead and write, 45 could read only, and 158 -could neither read nor write. At the time of their debarkation 110 coald read and write, and 128 could read, while not one remained incapable of doing either. (Two -died in the course of the voyage.) Before their debarkation a public examination was held, for the purpose of ascertaining the progress ol' each, and distributing prizes to the more successful in the presence of the two ollicers of the guard, the captain of the ship, and one of the mates. Each prisoner obtained one prize, and some two. About 23 of them, including six foreigners, had not made so much progress as was expected, and were sent back to their ¡lessons; but even they improved so greatly during the few intervening days thit they were considered perfectly qualifie 1 to com- plete hy their own unaided exertions the cducntional process which had been so successfully commenced. 2. As to moral and religious imprcssi m, the most extra- ordinary effects seem to have been pro- duced. At the d. lily and weekly religious services which were held, their appearance was very interesting-solemn, devout, giving the most decided marks of deep attention to the exercises in which they were engaged. A public examination on a por tio i of Scripture committed to memory by any who chose voluntarily to do so was one of the Sabbath day's exercises. The num- ber who were known to have prepared themselves for it was never under 52, once it was as high as C2. As (hey proceeded on their voyage, one and another began to exhibit symptoms of deep interest on the subject of personal religion : before the close of it 23 gave the most satisfactory evidence, as far as their circumstances would admit of, that they had bicorne the humble, peuitent, believing disciples, of the Lord Jesus Christ : in addition to these, 35 were under serious impressions, and ex- hibited the most hipeful marks of con- version to God, whilst the rest of the comicts, almost without exception, mani- fested a respect for religion, combined with npropiiely of demeanour, and a decency of conduct, most pleasing to witness. Soon after this seiiousuess of feeling began to show itself, some of them applied for per- mission to meet twice a-weck in the main ward for reading the Scriptu-es, social prayer, and piaise.' Dr. Browning com- plied with their requcs', but considered it Îrudent that he himself should preside, t was left to the rest of the people to attend or not as they chose, but excepting ihe iivalids, it is supposed that not one was in the habit of absenting him- self. The prayers of such men were most touching, and the effects pro- duced by them upon their companions in crime of the most salutary nature. Dr. B. having been laid-aside by indisposition for a season, and thereby rendered unable to pre- side at their meetings, the prisoners ap- plied to him for permisson to assemble by themselves-permission was granted. The whole of the people, including the boj s, continued to meet, as when he himself wns among them, and the religious exercises . were conducted with a solemnity that seemed to surpass even that which charac- terised those at which Dr. B. was present. It may be supposed by some that while nil this wos going on there was n wont of discipline in the ship ; but the very reverse appears to have been the case. Dr. Browning isevidently a strict di-ciplinarian; having served so long in the navy, how could he be otherwise ? Every hour had its duty or its oc:upation. Everyman had hi? assigned task to perform, and from each the strictest obedience was uniformly required ; for every act of disobedience there was a punishment-not arbitrary, capri- cious, irritating, or disproportionate-but an appropriate puuieUmcnt ¿ suited to the faut, commending - ^ fe tlie¡r oWm(J, ma always infiie' ied^t ^ bUiclSonof punishment, ev h rf. h ¿JJ hrsesr*^iesst.hat?^^rs ¡sr?*-fir wrf "is«r^ fearet1 *° k"Ve ^een w^n^ ^iey cmeny sail' 1"T'an<^ oetter conducted men never / ¿a ÏD -a convict ship ; or, it is helieved, J. wy other ship. The question will naturally occur, aftei perusing these statements, by what means was Dr. Browning able to accomplish such i ci y extraordinary and beneficial results' There must have been something peculiar in his mode of treatm°nt , what was U? A eaieful perusal of his book enables us to st ite what it was 1 His first object when he came among them ev idently was to seem e then confidente,-by treating them as men,-as men ni whom he felt deeply interested, and foi the promotion of wiiDse truest welfaie, although they had been stained by crime, he was an\ious to make e\ery effort. No taunts, no irritating lan- guage, no exciting references to their pnst life, cvei proceeded from his lips. Ile views them as criminals suffering for their crimes, but he views them wnh the pit), the regret, the charity of a Christian. 2 In all his plans and operations, he deals with them as men capable of reasoning iiid reflecting, possessed of intellects, and the common S) mpathies of humanity. It is not a mere oider and a threat. It is not a stern command, and the unnecessary exhibition of the staff of office but whilst maintaining all the authority that pertained to his office, he still reasons w uh them as men, appeals to them as men, and, by the conviction of their own judgment, gains more important victories than mere authority could ever achieve. 3 He conducts himself towards them as men that baie consciences Hardened they may have been, depiaved their moral sense ma) ha\ e become, but he does not for a moment gnc them reason to believe that he thinks it destroyed. Ac- cordingly, to the conscience he appeals, its de-idened sensibilities he endeavours to arouse and e\cite, all its power he tries lo get on his o\ n side, knowing that if he can but succeed in this, the most important part of the victory is obtained 4. He treats them as men capable of receiving i c hgious impression, and of being elevated even from Ihe degraded condition to which crime had reduced them, to be a blessing to their fellow cicntuicson eaith, and uki mately to the puntv and blessedness of the s-nnts m heav en The Bible is his standai d of u^ht-nid wiong m îefercnce both to sentiment and practice-to it he constantly brings them , ever) thing he does or s-i) s is applied to this as the touchstone He proposes nothing to them but what can be shown to be m unison with the requirements of God. The men thus be- come surrounded by a religious atmosphere in which they live and breathe, and from which they cannot escape Not merel) is the eye of the superintendent upon them, but they are made to feel that the eye of God is upon them. Not merely that they are responsible to man for the crimes the) they have committed against society, but responsible to God for the crimes they have committed against his government-and tint as they have already passed ouc trial when the sentence of guilty has been pro- nounced against them, and are now suffer- ing the penalty, so shall they have to un- dergo a more awful trial before n more so- lemn tribunal, to be followed by a more fearful sentence of condemnation, unless they avail themselves of the provisions of the Gospel The Scripture is their school book-the Scripture is their code of laws the Scripture is made the mean s of secur- ing peice to their conscience thiough re conciliation with God, by directing their e)es to the Lamb of God, who lakcth away the sin of the world. Their minds are filled with Scupture tiuth, and the Spirit of the God of truth gises testimony to his own word by the extraordinary effects IJc causes it to produce upon the minds of the piiâoneis We do not know when we have been more interested than we have been by the perusai of the work which gives an account of these extraoidinnry pro- ceedings, and that there is nothing over coloured, no attempt to produce an undue impression upon the public mind by the worthy author, we hope to be able to satisfy the most sceptical by the production of evidence the most unex- ceptionable. In the year 1834, Dr. Browning had the superintendence of the convicts that were sent to Hobart Town m the ship Arab his plans then were not so mature as they are now, and yet even then the effects produced weie such as to elicit from Colonel, now Sir, George Arthur-then Governor, of Van Diemen's Lund, now Governor ol Bombaj', the fol- lowing testimony contained m his pub- lished "Defence of Transportation, in Reply to the Remarks of the Archbishop of Dublin." He snjs, Hie convict ship Arab arrived about four months since The transports brought out in her were, when put on board, I have every reason to believe, as ignorant-as profane and, in every respect, as reckless ns traiib ported criminal« usually are But when thej wue disembarked, the character of a great ma»}, it was evident, had undergone a most remarkable change Their tempers had been subdued-they had been induced to think, and to reflect-and they had been in- structed, so as to know them familiarly, in the principles of religion This they evi- denced very satisfactorily in my presence, in the course of a general examination winch took jil .ice a ter they hod landed , and then cortuuied good conduct 6ince that uctiod, lins prjvcd the abiding influence of the mode of liistuictjon pmsiied by Dr Bl owning, the Surgeon Superintendent, undei whose charge the) had been placed Since he sailed in the Elphinstone, Dr. Browning has again visited Hobart Town, in charge of the convict ship Eau Grey, with 201 prisoners. In this vessel, the s}stem, we understand, has been carried to still greater perfection, nnd with still more extensive and pleasing results We have applied for ind obtained permission to print the two following extraordinary do- cuments - We, the undersigned prisoners by the 1 arl Grey, have rcolved, should it meet the upptobalion of these placed in authority over us, to lay by a portion of our earnings, until we have saved the sum of JCIO sterling each, to be placed m the hands of Hu LxcclUncy the Governor of Van Diemen s Lund, for transmission to the Chancellor of the Lx chcquci, in Ltigland, asa practical expression of our sorrow for the injury we have inflicted on our country and society, bj our former ii regular and illegal conduct, and at the »nine time as a small contribution which is nost ju«tlj due from us towards the deft ay HiRof those expenses to which we have most unhappily put our country md government, mid further, as a proof of the change which has taken place during our voyage, in our CIIA HACTLii and views, as well as an intimation of our humble determination with divine aid to hie and act m future as loyal and obedient subjects, and as it becomes reformed, upiight, and useful members of the community This document wc are assured was the unprompted and voluntary act of those who signed it, the number of signatuies at inched to »t is 1C) In connection with this circumstance it may be well to add, that upwards of 200 of the ronvicts be- longing to the same ship, \ oluntanly signed the temperance pledge. >Ve Cflnuot der j ou.r«elves the pleasure, although we have devoted move Space to the review of this work than we are in the habit of doing, of laying before the public the following letter, addressed to Dr. Browning, and signed in the name of all the conv icts per the Lai l Gi ey, by one of their number, whom he appointed, while on board, to be the mspec or of schools. It is their own unaided and unsuggested com- position. To Dr Colin A Bt owning, B N Honoured Sir,-The thought of being se- parated from our friend» cast a gloom over the mind but to be parted from one who lias taken such a deep interest m our present and eternal vvelfaic is peculinrl) painful As an olhcer, ii genllemnn, and a Chu lion In in the first moment ) ou caine among us in the yards of our respective hulk», jourimnnei to us has been lb-it of a fond and an nfficlionnte father to his long lost and prodigal offspring , jon addressed us therein, (a disgrace to our friends and ourcountrv,, and degnd»d in our own and the public estimation,) as fellow-sin ners, the subject of God s moral government lo ensure the instruction (1 our minds j ou daily poured on our hearts a flood of comfort and consolation from the encoungements of the Gospel to the chief ol sinners 'iour fervent prayers we hope have been heard -nid answered, mid your instructions applied You clearly showed us fiom Scripture and our own expenence the effect of disobedience .md of a profl gate life, and the connexion that buhsists between bin nnd suffering By jour unwearied e\eition->, the woid of God, which compara îvely few could then read, is now no longei a sealed book to ni)) one of us Stlf government mid an implicit compliance with the lawful injunctions of our superiors have been weil tied and strongly recom- mended to our observance, nor have our Bocial and rclat v duties been overlooked or forgotten in the midst of jour multifarious vo- cations Forwlintsoc\cr things are true, honest, pure, lovely, and of good report, ha\e been set before us nnd impressed upon our minds Confessing our unwortlnness before God, wo desire with heartfelt gratitude to bless Him, for prcserv tng us from the fury of the thunder- bolt, und the storm, mid the tempest, from the i ige of conflicting elements and the power of diseuse, but ni au especial manner we praise linn for making known lo us b) Ins word mid spirit the vvaj of everlasting life through the mediation of his J9 our only hope and Redeemer, and as we know join incision to ever)thing like aduln tion, your tonviction that nil spiritual îllu nunitions and improvement are alone effected by the Ltcrnal Spirit and nre fully aware of the dread with winch jon regard the very thought of referring to any crenture that which is to be vvholl) attributed to the Al mighty Power of the Holy Ghost,-we would, while we thin k God for j our instrumentale), desire to unite with von, in rendelmg to Ihm all the glory of the all saung work winch he bath been cinciously pleised to accomplish in nnj of o\u lu iris (lining our passage from Lii^Imid to these colonies We would congratulate jon on jour rc coiery from jour late Uncís and immine n danper and ) r i) to God to perfect in Ins goodness your health, nnd to comfort jour soul with the joys of His Holy Spirit We beg to express our vv n mest thanks foi youl pn tent, careful, and successful attention to ti e sick,-fur j our earnest eflorts to instruct our iiuiidb, to enlarge otu understanding, to extend our knowledge, tonnj>ro\e our morals, and to j crsinde us at all times, particularly during our piesent unfortunate situation, to be most attentive to our respective duties Tor the»e and every other act of kindness experienced at jour hands we feel sincerelj grateful and déploie that any one of us should at any time hive caused to jour mind the slightest tinea m^ss, or should have »aid or done anjthing to merit yourdisapprobition, or demand your censure Whilst we lament our misconduct and our misfortunes, we confess the justness of our sentence, and beg leave to profess our affec- tion and loyalty to our sovereign, and attach ment to her government, our resolution, by a willing submission to the laws of her repré- sentai» e in the colonies whither we are bound, to approve oursehes as reformed from our vices and follies, and we earnestly implore that divine gi ace may enable us to submit in a proper form to do all things as unto Christ Jesus We also beg to acknow- ledge the kindness of ti e Admirait), for pro \idnig for our wants and comforts on our way luther Honoured Su, we cinnot tnke our lust leave of j ou without feeling a deep sense of sorrow that our crimes are the cause of out meeting, and must also be the cause of our separation, mid that to opposite sides of the world-in all human probabilitj, nevei to meet mo e on this side the gi ave O inuj weall, through nell and free grace, meet m heaven' AVt beg to be nfFectionatcly remem beied to the kind and Christian friends, and benevolent societte«, who auKd j ou in making so careful and hbeiul pinvision for our spi- rituel vv ant« May j on eil partake largely of ihe blessing», peace, and joys of the liol) Ghost 11 Christ Jesus lo wliose caievve com- mit j ou, and wish j ou, with all our heans, a safe and hippy return to the bosom of ycur beloved familj and lo jour friends snd that the peace of God may rest und abide on j ou dil, now and for evermore, is the unanimous and carnet prnjer of us all -In whose | name, and by whose permissioi, I am honoured Sir, 1 our most obliged, most duttfit', and obedient servant, J. It, Inspector of Schools Hobart Town, January 14-, 18-13/ After reading such documents, the question occui », how is it that so much can be accomplished in a convict ship m a fen months, while traversing the ocean, and that so little is accomplished m our Tnctory, and Ban neks, and Penal Islands 1 Nay, we ask, can an\ thing simi'ar to these nnpro\ements be exhibited as the remit of many years' labour among our convict popuhtion7 And why not? "We do most earnestly îecommend it to the Itight Honorable the Secretary for the Colonies to urge this subject, with all the weight of his ofhcial nutl ority, upon the attention of the Governors in penal settlements. Suth is the present slate of the prisoners in those settlements, that the direct tendency of all intercourse with them is to deterior- ate the chnrntter of those who are intro- duced among them, and to neutralise, and in a great measure destroy, the gocd effects of all the teaching they receive under such men as Dr. Brow nmg If our voice wns likely to reach the ears of the Lords of Admirait), wc would with equal earnestness press upon them the necessity of appointing to convict ships, as superintendents, such men as Dr. Browning has proved himself to be- men not only capable hut willing to devote themselves not merely to the phjsical comfort an correct discipline, but also to the moral and religious improvement of those who are committed to their care, by carrjmg into effect the system adopted by him, and that has been published for their informa- tion and guidance. ____ 