"A RAT CAUGHT AND SKINNED ALIVE." On Wednesday last, we avowed our conviction in this journal, that, "in the present policy of Go- vernment, there are stronger indications of a desire to deserve praise, than to treat censure with contempt." A declaration of this kind, coming from a journal, which, for the last year and a-half, had been uncompromising in its hostility to the Go- vernment, would, we should have thought, have disarmed malice of its bitterness, and have enti- tled us, both for its disinterestedness, and for the frank and unqualified manner in which it was made, to some little courtesy at the hands ot the professed friends of Government. Judge of our surprise, therefore, in taking up the Southern Australian, of yesterday—a paper professing to be in the interest of Government, but affording no further proof of this, than by its oc- casional exhibitions of the faedum critnen servi- titus in some of its grossest forms—to find, under the shocking and shameless pretence of supporting the Governor, every corner of this journal ran- sacked, and the ghost of every departed article evoked from the " vasty deep," and bid to stand forth in all its power to annoy, or tarnish the re putation of his Excellency, and ourselves visited with no acknowledgement of services as allies in the good cause, but blown upon with the tainted and polluted breath of hypocrisy, and assailed in language of such execrable and perfidious trea cheiousness as it would be too degrading to' notice. And who—on reading this article—who, we said, to ourselves, under the first impulse of the ler faltontf —who is this son ot Belial, thus trans- \ forming himself into an angel of light, and preeu ining for none but ihc basest and mosl sordid of purposes thus to scalier abroad "firebrands, arrows, and death ?" Is there any one, con nected with thtt press in this Colony, we involun tarily asked, whose lights have been so steady, that he should dare tcfore high heaven to read us lectures on " symptoms of vacillation or weak ness," or that he should presume to doubt the sincerity, or steadfastness, of our convictions ( Has this man inpaiticular, was our next prompt ing, any right to parade himself as such a paragon of political propriety, whilst that very journal, upon which he vainly essays to pronounce his impotent curses, bears witness to his political profligacy, the very man, who, up to the last few weeks, hns been bepraising measures, the im policy of which his Excellency has at length been led to see, being here exhibited, under date of July 9lh, 1842, as taking the lead in opposition to those measures, aud getting up a petition to her Majesty the Queen for their disallowance ? Such shameless " railing" as this, had uo other motive operated, should at least have deterred this individual from attempting to destroy the re putation of any one having it in his power thus publicly to remind him of it. And now for ourselves, and the crime laid at our door. Of late, we have been so foolish as to exhibit " symptoms of vacillation and weakness," and have had the temerity to avow our belief with respect to the Government and the people, " that at length the disposition to reciprocate kindly feelings appears to have assumed as great and enduring a force in reference to the former as with respect to the latter," and for this—a crime truly of no ordinary magnitude—we are to be frightened our of our propriety—first, by a seducingly be witching article, in which all our sins for the last twelvemonths are made to stand up oa the back of our contemporary *' like quills upon the fretted porcupine"—ready to fly off, and do their office, either upon us or upon his Excellency, just as occasion may require—and, next, by a sort of covert threat—an appeal to our fears, or, it may be, to our cupidity, or perhaps to both—namely, that as his Excellency " has now no political opponent in the newspaper press," this would be ' a fine opportunity for letting slip another " oppo sition paper" at him so that we may be driven from the field. A capital stroke for a political jobber this, but hardly of a piece with our con temporary's assumed sensitiveness in reference to the past! With the public, we are particularly anxious to stand well, and, as an opportunity was offered us, at the Sjt Andrew's dinner on Thursday evening last, a full report of which will be found in some of our subsequent columns, we threw off our in cognito, and lully explained the causes which have led to our altered position. We have not gone to the mountain, but the mountain has come to us. As a gentleman of great wealth and intelligence ihe other day tersely expressed it, " His Excellency came among us as the master of some charity school, but now, having discovered his mistake, he is beginning to act as the ruler of a body of enlightened men," We are not changed, but the policy of the Government is changed, and, although we are not honey-tongued enough to be transformed into courtiers, we can express our approbation in a homely way, and should, in fact, consider it a siate of vassalage of the worst kind, were we, in the exercise of an avowed indepen dence, to be only at liberty to blame, and not to praise. Our right to expose the incapacity of any public man, or to strip any wrong measure of its impolicy and injustice, has never been abandoned, and iv this our independence in part consists, but we should deserve to be locked upon by the public as the possessors of a mere uni-lateral or one-sided independence, if we gave full scope to our powers of censure or abuse, and refused to hail in a befitting manner, any indications of a return to a sounder, a better, or a more statesman-like policy. If amendment, however slight, is not stimulated by praise, or the hope of reward, one of the most powerful motives to the practice of it is cut off". With our contemporary of the Southern Aus tralian, we have no desire to set ourselves right, because we believe him to be dishonest, and to have been acting against his convictions. If otherwise, however, he has changed his opinions since his exhibition at the public meeting in July, 1842, and, as the preacher of political consistency, " THE RAT SHOULD BB CAUGHT AND SKINNED A LIVE." The Auction-duty under the new Act is for the firs' time chargeable to-day, and, as his Excellency will nov be in funds to meet every deficiency arising from thl lowering of the tonnage dues, we hope no time will b lost in carrying this into effect. We are happy to see that our old friend, Mr John Bcntham Neales, has, as his advertisement truly expressed it, " carried out the oft-repeated wishes of his fellow colonists," by doing business again on his own accoun Few public men have succeeded in procuring and retail ing so many friends, and we sincerely hope, that his n • commencement on his own account will meet with the : same deserved success that his former course demandc . His general business.habits, and great punctuality, are too well known to require anything in the way of laudation from us. His Honour the Judge has scarcely recovered from the effects of his late fall. He sat in the Insolvency Court, however, yesterday, and transacted the ordinary routine business, but did not consider himself equal to anything extra. The two cases which came before his Honour were Charles Stephens and William Pearce, the former being remanded for a month, to amend his schedule. and make some arrangements with his creditors, and the latter having Mr John Baker and Mr Frederick Rutland appointed as assignees to his estate. On Sunday, November the 19th, a new Baptist chapel, called Ebenezer Chapel, was opened for public worship in Kermode-Street, North Adelaide. Mr James Allen preached in the morning, from Nehemiah, the 6th, and 15th verse; the Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, pastor of the Congregational Church, in the afternoon, from Col. 1st, and 28th verse; and the Rev. Ralph Drummond minster of the Scotch Secession Church, in the evening, from 1 Cor. 15th., and 58th verse. The attendance was large and respectable, and the collections quite equal to expectation. On the Wednesday evening following a tea meeting was got up, and a public meeting afterwards held in the chapel, at which Mr Alderman Peacock presided. The chapel is capable of seating about one hundred and fifty persons, and is finished in a style of great neatness and elegance. The cost of the erection has been about £160, but this was greatly lessened by the gratuitous superintendence of the work by Mr Jones the builder, and by various contri- butions of materials of one kind or other. A debt of about £10 remains on the chapel, and about £30 more will be required entirely to complete it. The aggregate attendance may be stated at from 90 to 100 persons, and the church consists of about thirty individuals, all of whom were members of Christian churches at home, but the great majority of them of a Baptist Church, in Short- wood, near Stroud, Gloucestershire. At present, and for the last two years or thereabout, Mr James Allen has gratuitously preached to them from the want of a stated and more regular ministry, which at so remote a dis- tance from home can hardly be expected, unless the means of his support were provided from home. The following was received just as we were going to press, and we give it verbatim et literatim :— TO THE EDITORS OF THE REGISTER. Es nihilo nihil fit. Gentlemen—This adage has been received as a truism since the days of the introduction in schools of the system of Drs Cane and Birch. It has been recognised as an established fact in the commercial world from an earlier date even than the erection of the Gresham Exchange. The bishops have bowed submissively to this forcible argument, and the beggar has ceased to endeavour to disprove its truth. The effeminate lersian, the hardy Spartan, and the all- conquering Roman— tlie haughty Spaniard, the revengeful Italian, and the careless trenchman—the serious German, the thrifty Dutchman and ills Briton— have never sought to overthrow this dogma Christian. Jew, Mahometan. ?nd Atheist, have alike quoted it, anJ refused to doubt. It has been reserved for the South Auslrahan to squash the absurd notion, and in future we may t.iumphanlly refer to tbe Register of tbe 22nd of November. 1813, tor proof that our Official Assignee has made 10s Id out of nothing. "What man has done man can do"' '' Verbum sap. sat." "Go and do likewise." yours, C II What a capital Editor Mr H. would make. At the time of the Emma's late arrival from Sydney, we noticed the rumour that Michael Woolley, Esq., of the highly respectable arm of T. and M. Woolley, of Sydney, owners of the brig, had come down on business connected with the late seizure of that vessel. That error we now take the opportunity of correcting. The delicate state of Mrs Woolley's health, and the hope that the fine air of this Province, after a trip at sea, might have a remedial effect, was the only cause of Mr Woolley's visit. Of course, we never supposed, that the sum of £100 or £200 could have been a matter of so much consideration, as to have caused this visit, apart from a consideration of the assertion and proof of the illegality of the act. We need scarcely add how deeply indebted the Colo- nists are to this highly respectable firm for the manner in which they have kept open the trade between this Colony and Sydney for the last two years and upwards, at great risk, and with comparative little chance of profit, Mr. Woolley and his lady are, we understand, staying with our old and highly respected friend, Samuel Smart, Esq., of the firm of Smart, Johnson, and Bayne. Mr. Woolley is, we firmly believe, one of the best friends the Colony has got in Sydney, and has not only placed us under contribution by past services, but intends to place us under further by combining the Emma permanently in the trade. The Colonists, we trust, will see to it that the desire to confer benefit is reciprocated by the endeavour to im- part benefit in return. The following notice was stuck up at the Custom house on Monday last, the same, as we are informed, never having been gazetted; and the publicans who sat down on Tuesday last to have brandy and gin cleared could not get it, probably to the injury of their business. Mr Payne, we hear, for one, wanted a hogshead of brandy, especially for the dinner (being St. Andrew's Day), but could not obtain it; and Mr Parker experienced a similar disappointment. Mr Parker cleared his hogshead yesterday, and was charged rent for one week, because there was one day over in the calculation of the number of days, whereas had the Collector allowed it to be taken out on Tuesday, that rent would have been saved. The rent is only sixpence per week on a hogshead, but it is the princi- ple to which we object, and the inconvenience oc- asioned to the public:—" Notice.—The hours for easing entries, and receiving cash at the Custom louse, are from ten till half-past two o'clock, on the list day of each month, the first day of each quarter, md the second day of each year, no entries will be passed, but on these days ships will report, clear, load, or discharge previously entered cargo. Goods breviously entered wiil also be received into and de. livered from the Bonded Warehouse as usual—Rodt. B. Tokrens, Collector. _________ Mr Henry Metcalf, cattle agent, wis brought up before the Resident Magistrate on Thursday last, No vember 30th, charged by Mr T. N. Mitchell, Manager of the Cattle Company, with assaulting him. Mr Richman appeared for the prosecution, and Mr James for the defence. Mr Mithell stated that he attended the sale of the Cattle Company's cattle, by Mr Lam bert, for the purpose of delivering the cattle and taking their brands, when he had a dispute with Mr Metcalf about the delivery of some cattle. Some short time after, prosecutor met Mr Metcalf at the clip-rails dividing the cattle yards; be requested Mr Metcalf to stand back, aud proceeded to take down the rails; after some dispute Mr Met4_L|alled him a cattle etealerand other offensive names/Sud hit him across the face with a stick; he afterwards struck him several blows with his fist and stick; by one very heavy blow he was brought to the ground, and while bending down with a hold of the rail he received a kick in the face from Mr Metcalf. A number of wit nesses gave evidence on both sides, and it was proved that Mr Mitchell was violently excited; that he had struck at Mr Metcalf after being struck by him, and (hat he had taken out one of the rails and projected it, apparently with the purpose of striking Mr Metcalf, and that Mr Metcalf s foot and instep were bruised. The case was adjourned fer a week. Messrs Howard and Wylde are ordered to find bail to answer any bill of indictment that may be brought against them at the instance of Messrs Baker and Hagen, for the removal of the oil at Encounter Bay, after it had been sold to Messrs Baker and Hagen, of which an account appeared in a former number of this journaL In the new Wesleyan chapel, Higher Broughton, near Manchester, on the 6lh July, after a sermon by the Rev. Jabez Bunting, the sum of £750 was collected in aid of the buiMing-fond. 