PALLRAIIATTA. On Sunday last, the 10th instant, the Feast of the Holy Name of the B. V. Mary was particularly ob. served at the Church of St. Patrick, Perranmatta. At eleven o'clock, his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Kenney, as Deacon, and the Rev. Mr. Grant, as Subdeacon, dedicated te beautiful altar of the B.V. Mary, lately erected in that church.. After the dedication, his Grace sang high mass, after the gospel of which- The Rev. N J. Coffey addressed the congregation as follows r--The epistle and gospel which you have just now heard read, will allord subjects for ourfuture consideration ;. and we will now turn out attention on this memorable occasion to the festival of this day, together with its solemnities. Upon this day the Churep of Christ celebrates the Festival of the Holy Name of the Blessed Virgin Mary-a name 'which is exalted, next to that of Jesus Christ, above all names. When I say next to Jesus Christ, it is not to be understood that I put the Blessed Virgin Mary with Jesus Christ as worthy of adoration. No I Jesans, as one person of the Triune Deity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, is alone worthy of all adoration, honour, power, and glory that angels, men, and all creatures are capable of giving; but when I say that the name of Mary should come after that of Jesus, I do not raise her beyond that sphere to which God himself bath elevated her. I only hold lier up to you as a creature dependent upon God, the Father of all; upon the Son, the Redeemer of all; and upon the Holy Spirit, one God and three divine persons, for all that she ever possessed, does possess, and will possess. Mary, then, is not to be considered as possessing one single particle of the Godhead. She is a creature conceived immaculalo ; who has suffered theprivations of this life; whose soul escaped from her immaculate body in the same way and manner that our souls will one day escape; but God,. in .his providence, created Mary free from all stain of sin. lie wished that the mother who was to bear his divine Sun should be free from all stain, that that body which was to bring forth man's redemption should not be contaminated with the least taint of sin ; that she who was to bring forth the divine Jesus should never be under the dominion of the enemy of Jesus Christ and of man's salvation; the most holy being that ever was created, she brought forth man's redemption because it was the will of God, and now reigns in the highest place in heaven next to Jesus Christ, because it is the will of God. She having corresponded with the grace God choose to bestow on lier, an angel, high in dignity and divine favour, was sent by God to announce to Mary, an humble and lowly virgin shut up in retire. ment, man's redemption, declaring to her that she was full of grace and of all the perfections that God could bestow upon her soul; for what greater grace or perfection could God bestow upon a creature, than that that creature should conceive and bring forth the Redeemer, by the influence of the holy spirit of God, the fountain of all grace, upon whom she as well as we depend for all we are or have 1 We meet, thee, together on this day to give glory to God, who lives and reigns for ever, and before his holy altar to implore, with uplifted hearts and hands, that lie would pardon us our offences, and pour down his mercy, and inspire us with his divine grace for the future, that we may never mote commit the sins by which we have offended him; to give to us also a portion of that grace which he beastowed upon his humble handmaid; to give us grace to resist temp. tation, in order that, when it shall please our Divine Master to summon us before his tremendous tribunal to answer for our faith, we may not be found wanting. It is to him we come to give glory, and not to gvre any particle of that glory to Mary, whom we have come to honous:, not to worship; to honour the im maculate Queen of Heaven-aud why ? What right have we to honour the Queen of Heaven 1 Who is she that we should bend our knee to and ask her for her prayers? Who is she 1 Such as you have heard des cribed- the most pure being that ever came forth from the halids of God, because God honoured her so much. .Webhave not 'selected her; God has selected her; andlif He thought proper to honour her, what is the reason that we, his creatures, coming from the,same hand, should not likewise honour her I He honoured hber by making her the mother of his Son, by taking her body and soul (as it is piously believed) pure and immaculate into the realms of his glory. If God so honoured his creature for all eternity, what is the reason that we should not do so likewise ? We come to give glory to none but God, and to ask Mary, from her high place in heaven, to look down, exalted as she is, and to assist us, not by her grace-she has none but what site receives from God-but that she will assist us by her prayers; her prayers are all that we. ask; and surely the prayers of one so sanctillied will find acceptance with Jesus Christ, her son. Mother, have you a dear and only daughter whom you press to your bosom, and adore above all things upon earth, and would you refuse her anything t Son, if you had a mother who had done everything for you that;a mother could do for a child, and were she to ask you for anything, could you have the face to say,s I know you not " And is Jesus, thi fountain of al love and benignity, to say to his mother, "I, know you. not ; I wish not teo receive your supplications; you cannot assist my people 1" Oh I there is too much chaerily in Jesus Christ; and when M?ary presents herself before Jesus Christ it is to adore him as we do; the saints and angels before the throne of God fall down and veil their faces from the brilliancy of his glorious majesty. Mary is foremost in doing so, for before in the poor stable of Bethlehem she adored him, and knew him to be her God and her Saviour; she followed him to the cross of Calvary, and there too adored him, at the same time that her heart was pierced with the sword of sorrow ; she adored lhim dead in the se pulchre, and will she refuse now to come forward and adore her Divine Son 1 No, she cannot endure such a thought; she adoies Ihim as we ourselves do, hut with a superior love ; and why not we with such love as Mary the angels and saints do. Why not, freeing ourselves from the tramtoels of earth, go forth in spirit and adore our Divine Saviour 1 Olh it is because we are clogged down by our earthly tabernacles; because the body chains down the poor soul, and will not allow it to do so; because the soul united to the body looks more after the gra tifications of the passions, and the body so indulged and pampered will not allow the soul to go forth and adore Jesus, as the immaculate spirits do in heaven. We are not then to consider, my dear Christian friends, that Mary is an object for our adoration. I know that some will object to the doctrine of praying to Mary, but it is a doctrine which has ever been practised in our Holy Church, and one most consolatory to the soul of man; what more consolatory, titan when the soul goes astray after its own passions; when it indulges in crime and wickedness, and outrages His Divine Majesty; what can be more consolatory than to, reflect that. Jesus, if we only turn to hint, will have mercy; and also, that we have next to Jesus another, a being like ourselves, to ask for what we want, and who knows what we require; who has lived amongst the poor, and is therefore acquainted with their ne. cessities; who experienced the privations of this life, and who, now reigning, next to Jesus, is not unmindful of our sorrows and our wants. But it will, perhaps, be said that she cannot assist us. Why can she not? can she not ask Jesus to have mercy upon us, as I ask you to pray for me, and in the same way :hat I would ask a boon of any great person 1 and Mary, I ask her also to pray for me, and what difference is there between asking your prayers and asking hers I But I am told that she cannot hear me. Oh, yes she can. But suppose that site could not, she knows what man stands in need of; she knows that the Devil is ever on the alert, " like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour ;" she knows that if man dies In the state of mortal sin he will be damned; she knows that we stand in need of spiritual grace from her Divine Son, and temporal support and assistance. Well, then, how can she now forget men, those individuals who cost Jesus Christ so much o But suppose that she does hear us, how can she hear us ? According to St. Paul, we live, move, and have our being in God; the angels and saints confirmed in glory see God as they merited, when their time of probation ceased; the possession of the Beatfie vision con stitutes their happiness; thiat Beatific vision is God, who possesses every attribute that is necessary to the existence of a God; therefore, Omniscience, Omnipotence, &c.; The saints then in possession of God participate in knowledge as far as God permits, or as they merit, and as God fills all space, and as the saints live in God, they see through all space, therefore they see and hear their kindred spirits, the souls of men. And why do we not see them? because we are in a state of probation, they in a state of glory, fromt which they cannot depart. We live, move, and have our being in God, under the attribute of his mercy, and faith tells us that our departed brethren expect us to participate in their bliss at the end of our'lrobation. The scrip. lures tell us that the angels see the face of our Father, who is in heaven. The Devils also live in God, but under the attribute of His justice, which, operating upon them, constitutes their hell ; that justice they never can satisfy, therefore they never can enjoy the Beatific vision. Now the Devil, who is always on the alert for tthe souls of omen, as soon as he sees a sinner returning to God, repenting him of his sins, and determining not to be guilty any more, he puts all his engines to work to bring that soul out of its good pathl back again into the ways of sin. And how does Ite know all this I by the knowledge God permits him to have for our trial; and if God allows him to have such knowledge, will Ie refuse his Holy Mother and saintst No; and hence the connexion is kept uip between the saints and angels and us ; hence we address ourselves to Mary in the language of tie angel and St. Elizabeth, " Hail Dlary, full of grace, our Lord is with thee," &c.;, &c.;, and, with tihe Church of God, " Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now, and at the hour of death." We do not say, " -uoly Mary, have mercy on us"--surely, that would be blasphemy, but, " assist us by your prayers," the same as I say to you, pray for me, that I may be worthy of the promises of Christ. The church has, over since the apostolic times, addressed hIerself to the Virgin, in thle same language and manner, asking her prayers and ssistance, artd not grace through her mediation. There is no Mlediator but Jesus, Soa of the Eternal Fathler; upon Him alone every man depends for salvation r but when we outrage Jesus, we become His enemy, and we would not dare to present ourselves before that God whom we have so often outraged ; but we can do it in the person of another, in thie same way as if 1 desired to forward a supplication to tihe Queen, I should employ some friend to place my petition in her hands; and titus, when by sin we hlave offended God, we present our petitions to Mary, who for wards them to the Throneo of Grace, that through thle mediation of Jesus Christ, and through His alone, they may find acceptance, and treat for pardon. Hence it is that she Church of God hIas ever been attentive to address the immaculate Queen of Heaven, and we know by experience what con solation it is to the soul ; we know the feelings of peace that we experience when e halve done all in our power to appease the offended majesty of God. There are Some who differ from us, and do not believe that Mary has any power in heaven, I only entreat of them to examine, to read, and to have explained to them, the doctrine of the Catholic Churchl. With regard to the ointercession of saints, I am convinced that if they will examine impartially, and pray to God to give them tire ltght of faith, that He will direct them, and that they also will come to the knowledge of thie Gospel of Jesus, relative to the intercession of the Virgin Mother of God and the saints. Thie chlurchl has always since thle time of the apeatles taught this doctrine; and we are assembled here tins day, to dedicate to the glory of God, and under thu especial patronage and protection of Mary, a smarll tribute of our granitude. Mary is grateful to God, and we, his, creatures, should also be grateful for what we receive at His hands lhence it is thlat tile church, wlherever she spreads her banuers, and unfnrls hier flag of the cross of Jesus, sets up, aos it were, a land mark, by which mtan is to gain eternal salvatilot; wlerever her mlolatry prreachl the cross of Jesus, there also ministers are fouud, in every land, to every clrtm, notwithstanding the relentless persecution of 1800 years, notwitstandiog all the fury of hell Is raised against the chur0e, she still goes on to propagate that cross, and to .plant it on the most distant shores, and wherever the Catholic Church sends her ministry there is established also devotion to Mary; hence we find, in the earliest ages, temples erected to the glory and service of God, bearing the name of Mary, and altars dedicated to the glory of God, comnmended to the patronage of Mary. WVe have assembled this day, and our Pastor comes amongst us, to dedicate to the glory of God, this alter, and under the invocation of Mary the immaculate. To God, it is dedicated; there, the holy sacrifice will be offered for the sins of men, a continuation of that bloody sacrifice of Jesus on the cross, but in an unbloody manner offered for the salvation of sinners, both living and dead. There it will be offered to the glory of God, for the con version of sinners, there, our prayers will be offered to God, and there, we shall ask Mary to pray for us. We dedicate then, this altar to the glory of God, but put it under the immediate patronage of Mary, we ask of her to convey to the Throne of Grace the prayers which may be said at that altar, to receive our petitions, and to present them to Jesus. This is an old dectrite of the Church of God which we practise this day, and our Venerable Prelate has dedicated that altar to the glory of our. God, as Moses raised an altar before the l,ord, dedicated it to His service and offered sacrifice upon it, when the incense rose before Him and His benediction fell upon the people, and as Solomon built a temple and raised an altar, strewed incense upon it and de dicated it to the service of God, and before that holy altar poured forth prayers and supplications for his people and acknowledged Hint to be the true and living God, when the glory of the Lord filled the temple and the Priests could not stand before the glory of his presence, so we, humble as we are, assemble round this sanctuary to day, as Moses and Solomon did of old, we assemble round an altar which infinitely excels theirs; ours are still more beautiful tabernacles, which are blessed by the cor poral presence of God ; Solomon's magnificent tem ple was but a type of this ; the golden way is strewed about the sanctuary ; all this is nothing to the de dication of this sanctuary to Jesus. There the blood of bulls and of goats daily flowed and was ac cepted as an agreeable offering to the Lord; but these were only types of an altar more permanent in its nature, and of a priesthood more highly dignified. To day we assemble in our poor and humble temple, but dignified with tire presence of Jesus. We assem ble not to meet Moses nor Solomon, but around one of the Princes of the Sanctuary of Jesus crucified, to dedicate to the glory of God, and to commend to the patronage of Mary this simple, plain, altar. What gratitude should we not feel, that we have lived to see the day when an altar is elected to the glory of God at this very furthermost part of the earth. " Unto thy name and unto Thee be glory until Thy coming to judge the world, the living and the dead, by fire, be Thou exalted over all things; let temples be raised, and altars be dedi cated to thy glory and thy honour, under the name of thine immaculate Mother, whom thy Church has ever honoured and will evercontliue to do so " Alter mass, there was an imposing procession of thie Blessed Sacrament and Benediction. ls the evening the Archbishop assisted at prayers, and established a branch society of the Propagation of the Faith, upon which occasion he delivered a most patlhetic and effectivediscourse. A correspondent of the " Times" says that there are now between £40,000,000 and £60,000,000 of'money in the name of the Ac countaont General of the Court of Chancery, a con siderable portion of which is kept fro:n the starving and suffering suitors by the want of progress in the Master's Office. In the case of an insolvent hair dresser, late of Hegent.street, London, named Bart lett, which was before the court, his insolvency was attributed to the change in the fashion of wearing hair. iThe insolvent said the plain bands had ruined the hair-dresser. They had been introduced by her Majesty. A man on Easter Sunday last, for a wager ate fifty eggs, a twopenny-cake, a quarter of butter, and a pound of bacon, and said he was prepared to eat a few dozen more I--Freeman. Firewood is said to be so scaroo in some parts of the Middle States, that a man with a wooden leg is afraid to venture out after dark, for fear of being robbed of it.--Ncw York Paper. AN EXPa?tInIS NT.-A lad of ton years, named Seynes, of Eckington, in Stafford shire, hanged himself by way of experiment. lie was cut down dead. 