ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE ROMAN BISHOP'S OATH. To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald. Hey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle, The cow jump'd over the moon; The little dog laugh'd to see such fine sport, And the dish ran away with the spoon. GENTLEMEN, — On reading the Rev. R. All- wood's letter, addressed to the Rev. J. McEncroe, and published in your journal of Monday last, I very naturally thought to myself — "thinks I to myself, thinks I" — how in the name of Pope Joan will the Priest answer the Parson? Here he stands between the horns of the most beautiful dilemma which the eye of a controversialist ever beheld! Here is the son of the infallible mother re- gularly booked and hooked, fairly put to his trumps, in a game in which nothing but 'honours," can win. The more I reflected on the Romish charge of "an oft- confuted distortion, — and the positive denial of the " oath," as quoted by the Anglican Divine, and the more I considered this in connexion with the mention of the authority whence the oath is taken, — and with the quoter's known correctness of reference and uncom- promising love of truth — the more I won- dered, how in the name of all the wonders of mystical Babylon, will the pillars of the Church of St. Mary stand the shaking which they are likely to get from this Samson of an argument? Either Dr. Polding's consecra- tion proves the Rev. J. McEncroe to have told a fib — a" whopper" too, as the boys say at school,— or the Most Reverend, the so- called, Count Arch-Bishop is just as much an Arch Bishop as they are not Arch-Simpletons who believe him to be the Metropolitan of Sydney . What! Dr. Polding no more of a clergyman than Dr. Lang — or Dr. Pangloss— or Dr. Kitchener — or Dr Slop! "Thinks I to myself, thinks I " — what will happen next? According to some, the late Comet was frightened away by the Pope's Bull, — and now it appears that the Rev. Mr. Allwood is to be frightened away by the Pope s Don- key. But as there is no end of thinking I left off, and in the moment between that halt in my meditations, and that in which I caught sight of the extract in which the Rev. J. McEncroe speaks ex cathedra, in reply, the elegant lines that head this letter came into my mind full bolt, like a mad bull into a china-shop, or the Pope's Bull into Australia; and, assuredly, they are very applicable to the occasion, for they very closely describe the state of commotion into which all the Fathers of the nineteenth century who affiliate the Chronicle must have been thrown, when the " Pontificate Romanum" itself, was conjured up like the ghost of Banquo before the alarmed conscience of Macbeth, to tes- tify to the facts of the case. I have no intention to give any critical dissertation on the poet's graphic description of a rout, that would not have disgraced some of the heros of the Iliad, or the braves Belges before the walls of Louvain; um is it my intention to point out how symbolically those worthy belligerents, the Cat and the Fiddle, may have been intro- duced; not what a complete emblematical description of Mr McEncroe's truth running away with Dr Polding's consecration is given in the gallant affair otfthe " Dish running away with the Spoon, — nor how clearly the feelings of the Rev Gentleman are pour- trayed in the "Cow jumping over the Moon," over which he would, no doubt, be glad to jump also, when he sees how "the little dog laughs to see such fine sport." This, I say, I have no present intuition to dilate upon — as in the Australian edition cum notis vario- rum of the history of the Cat and the Cat-gut, which will probably some day appear, all the poetical and martial scenery of the affray will be brought out in due prominence, like the symbols of Jesuitism on the walls of St Mary, with such illustrations from Jack Fal- staff's posthumous dissertation on the dis- tinction between True Courage and Bounce, as may be applicable to the case. Let its see then what the Rev. J. McEncroe says in confirmation of his direct assertion that Mr. Allwood did not quote the oath taken by Rome's Archbishop in this colony. It would be naturally thought that the real oath would have been quoted by Mr. McEncroe. But, no. On Saturday, it iss aid, " we have to state, that the form of oath quoted by his in his first lecture WAS that usually taken, but, &c.;, &c.; That is, the Editor of the Chronicle on May 13th gives the lie direct to the Editor of the Chronicle on May 9th ; and thus not only did the " dish run away with the spoon " — but run away with his own character into the bargain. No wonder " the little dog laughed" — no wonder "the cow jumped over the moon," — for such sport as this is not seen every day ! Dr. Polding un- consecrated ! The Editor of the Chronicle a self-convicted self-slanderer ! — self-accused of telling Fibs — little innocent Jesuit white lies ; for, I presume, that since, according to the canon of Romish fiction, " non est mendacium quod animus intendit," and as it is very clear that the Editor intended to say what he did in order to convince all who either don't read both sides of the question or won't understand either, he ought not, for the sake of truth, to be accused of telling a black lie, as that would be ungenteel and uncivil, especially as Mr. Allwood's letter, in which he, gives proof of a lie of some sort having been told, is called friendly and candd. As Ryan Brenan says, "deliver me from my friends," if they be such friends as these, who quietly spit a man upon a dilemma as a hungry Scot would spit a red-herring on a tobacco-pipe! But, we forget there is another but in the case, beside the butt which in the shape of an oath the Chronicle has erected for all the little critical dogs in Australasia to laugh at. " But," says the Reverend Editor, "some objections having been made to the meaning of the word persequar, I will pursue, follow up, &c.;, — and taken by Protestants to mean persecute — that not being the sense in which it is taken by the Catholic bishops : hence that word is omitted by at least all English and American bishops at their consecration.' Well done criticism ! well done spirit of Loyola! So, because of a tender conscience towards English and American bishops, Romish bishops, who are consecrated in Latin words at Rome, [where English and American bishops are never heard of, and would be considered heretics, and where English trans- lations of Latin words would not be under- stood by nine-tenths of the Romish clergy, ] and because English scholars assign to per- sequar its proper inclining in the place where it stands, "I will persecute," the above- named Romish bishops leave out persequar, I do they? If is the first time for many a long day, if they do, that this word has become unfashionable at St. Peter's; though not the first time in which a critical lie has been told "for the good of his Church," Well, take it on the Editor's learned authority, that the word persequar is omitted in the oath taken by Rome's Archbishop in his colony, [query, " taken in this colony ? "] and what then ? Why, the Romish bishops must talk absolute nonsense, out of charity to weak consciences. For the words of the oath in that case are "pro posse et impugnaba," and thus poor im- pugnaba is coupled lo nothing at all but posse by the conjunction et. Why the cow, and the cat, and the fiddle, and the dish, and the spoon, (which is, we fear, symbolical of something else beside the Archbishop's con- secration,) would all " laugh," in concert with " the little dog," at such a contemptible piece of profane swearing as this; and really it does require great friendliness and candour to keep from jumping "Jim Croe," in our hilarity, as high as the cow did, when she played leap-frog with the man in the moon. Persequar-persequar-persequar ! — I will pursue — I wilt follow up! well, for what? Does the Editor mean to say, that a Romish Archbishop swears he will run after — pursue —follow upon the heels of "Hæreticos Schismuticos et rebelles" —for in thing at all? If so, he would certainly deserve to be taken up on suspicion of being n pick pocket for his pains. But, no. He has an object, for he brings in "impugnabo" like a pugnacious bully, to his assistance, so that it is not pick pockets that he is to pursue, follow-up and almost tread on the heels of His Popish Majesty's liege heretics, schismatics, and re- bels! Let us give then he mildest possible in- terpretation to "impugnabo" to show our wish to follow the Editors's example : and how shall we read it? Why, "at the least," it means 'I will strike with the fist' — or in colonial phrase, I will pitch into them. Now, just fancy, the Roman Vicar Apostolic, acting the .... and prize-fighter in conformity with his oath of consecration; or Dr. Polding, "the Pope's Archbishop, pursing and knocking down the Rev. Mr. Allwood, the Mayor's Chaplain! Certainly, he would deserve in such case to be brought up before His Worship as an of- fender against the law, and sent to the stocks for his pains ! Yet, if we are to believe the Editor of the Chronicle, such as Dr. Polding's business, and therefore, I advise all real Pro- testants, who, according to the Oath are "rebels against Our Lord the Pope," to look behind them when they walk about after dark, and to be armed with a good lemon stick, in case His Holiness's subjects and servants should wish to give them a black eye or a bloody nose; in which case, it would be any thing but the cat and the fiddle with those enlightened scholars who know that sequar does mean I will follow — but that persequar, in the case in question does not mean I will follow up. If it be said we have no authority for such a fisty-cuff interpretation of impugnabo as has just been assigned to it, I presume there can be no objection to interpret that word in a sense Mr. McEnroe must allow to be Roman. And therefore if we go to Livy, whose history is as full of prodigies as the Romish Breviary itself, we shall find him using the words "impugnare terga hostium;" and we may thence infer that if a Romish Bishop would feel a delicacy in knocking down a Protestant Chaplain, he might plead the authority of Rome, Pagan as well as Papal, for giving him a kick a little below the small of his back ! I not whether "Rome's Archbishop" ever had the nightmare, but if the ghost of Ridley or any other Anglican martyr, should ever haunt his dreams, how would it stare to hear the apology for persequar, from the lips of the affrighted Metropolitan:— "My dear Master Ridley, depend upon it you have been "de- ceived" by some "Protestant authority;" — de- pend upon it you were never burnt at the stake, as you pretend — you were never persecuted, you were only "pursued" or "followed up;" it is all gammon about martyrdom; the rack, and the chain, and the thumb- screw, and the demon-covered shirt of the pious Inquisition were so many signs of the tender and merciful disposition of our Lord the Pope go back kind goblin, to your lodging in Hades, and explain the truth to brother roastlings and ghostlings, assuring them, on the classi- cal authority of the Reverend J. McEnroe, that "it is with till the respect due to Mr. Allwood, amd the Protestant authority which has deceived him" and you, you and they are informed that we only followed you up to your chimney corner; and that instead of tarring you all over before we pitched you into the fire, as you allege, we only " pitched into you," by way of gentle remembrance, and that if you had studied classics a little more, you would have been a better judge of fire and faggot. If you did die by burning, it must have been a case of spontaneous combustion Back Master Ridley, back to the shades; and as soon as we are strong enough, we will send a few Australian heretics, schismatics, and rebels, to teach you how to construe, after McEncroe, sequar persequar. At present, I have no time to pursue or follow up Mr. McEnroe's English any fur- ther; nor have I space to show the doing in the same line of literature of the gentleman who construes "propia potiorem principalita- tem," superior headship But my object will have been served, if under the garb of a playful comment on the stanza above, I have shown, that no dependence is to be placed upon any- thing stamped with the brand of the Pope; that all his Bull Calves are wild; and that no man but he, who either like the cow in the fable has jumped over the moon, or who has been in some way smitten by it, can pro- fess to maintain Rome's supremacy, in de- fiance of common sense, and by the sacrifice of common honesty to himself and his de- scendants. Lastly, gentlemen, there is a moral of another kind. How shall truth be advance by those who scruple not to write and print untruths in a public journal? Whatever allow- ance may be made for the way in which Romish priests are taught to conjure black into white, and falsehood into truth for the sake of gaining an end; yet as falsehood is falsehood, for whatever end, and by whomso- ever told, the man must be guilty, thought the priest, by an ecclesiastical action, may be self-justified. I remain, gentlemen, Your humble servant, ABALLIBOOZOBANGINORIDO 