LITERARY REGISTER. Merry Freaks in Troublous Times; an Historical Operatic Drama, in two Acts, by Charles Nagel, Esq. The Music by I. Nathan. Sydney: T. Forster—London: G. B. Whittaker. WHAT! an Opera, composed in New South Wales; with Overture, Songs and Choruses, in full score, adapted for her Majesty's Theatre in London! It is indeed so. It behoves us, therefore to rub our spectacles, and see what degree of praise or censure appertains unto a production, forming so unexpected an acces- sion to our scanty stock of Colonial literature and art. The subject of the drama is taken from the history of the last days of the Protecto- rate, and the misfortunes of Charles II. The first scene opens with a chorus of Loyal Cavaliers in an inn, where Charles in his wanderings arrives, and seeks repose for the night. This is followed by a laughable scene at Lady Milford's, where two Puritan officers, Longshanks and Marrowbones, arrive, with an order from the Protector to arrest Sir Henry Milford, as a favourer of the Royal Cause, but are outwitted by Sir Henry's page, who steals the Protector's order from the pocket of Lieutenant Nehe- miah Longshanks. The rogueish page dis- guised as a Puritan meets Captain Holdfast, with a party of the Protector's soldiers, and presenting to him the stolen order of Crom- well, conducts the party to Milford Castle for the purpose of arresting Longshanks and Marrowbones; whom he describes as "two profane knaves who have assumed our godly garb for nefarious purposes," meanwhile Charles quitting the loyal Boniface proceeds to the Castle, accompanied by his companion Wilmot, where, under the assumed names of Tomkins and Samson, and known only to Sir Henry, they perform a part in some very amusing freaks with Longshanks, Marrow- bones, and the leader of the Puritan host Captain Holdfast. Longshanks and Mar- rowbones are apprehended and committed to the Tower by virtue of their own order from the Protector. They afterwards join Holdfast's band, beseige and take the Castle, but are again discomfitted by a laughable ghost plot invented by the ingenious page, and are glad to escape out of the window with danger to their necks. Charles now embarks for France and thus finishes the first Act. Act II opens with a picture of Charles's semblance of a Court in Holland. He receives a message from England, which gives him hopes of a speedy restoration. Then follows a ludicrous scene in an English monastery, which is not only entirely out of character, (as Captain Nagel, who has lived on the Continent should have known) but is is historically absurd, inasmuch, as King Charles himself was safer in England than a Monk, during the sway of the Puritans; and certainly no such thing as a monastery could by any possibility have existed in the country. Its introduction here, however, enables the Merry Page to play sundry roguish tricks upon the worthy fathers, who sigh in chorus "for the olden time." Next follow a double chorus and a fight between a party of Cavaliers and Round- heads, on the road near London, in which the former carry the victory. The Puritans are thrown into consternation by the death of Cromwell, whose mourning scene is inter- rupted by the following freaks, which will give a fair notion of the merits of the piece. SCENE V. Interior of a road-side Inn, near London, Holdfast, Longshanks, and Marrowbones discovered in a melancholy mood. Hold. (Shakes his head mournfully.) Long. (Ditto.) Mar. (Ditto.) Hold. (Applies a pocket handkerchief to his eyes.) Long. (Ditto.) Mar. (Ditto.) Hold. Oh! Hold. Oh! Mar. Oh! Hold. Doleful, doleful day. Long. Doleful, doleful day. Mar. Doleful, doleful day. Hold. The Lord Protector—dead Long. His soul hath taken wing. Mar. Alas! alas! alas! Hold. Who now will keep the scoffers in awe? Long. His name was a tower of strength. Mar. His sword was invincible. Hold. The day of the Commonwealth is drawing to a close. The benighted men are growing strong. Long. In vain may we soon seek for crumbs of comfort. Mar. In vain. Verily in vain Wil. (Without) Is there none in attend- ance here. AIf. (Without) Ah! ye lazy, Puritanical knaves. Take our horses instantly. [Enter Wilmot and Alfred. Ald. By Saint George, Master Samson, we are fortunate in falling in with merry company. Hold. We desire not to riot and revel. We are mourners just now. Wil. What, mourners! I never saw a more jovial looking trio. Long. We are not in a mood to wish for hilarity, nor covet swaggering companion- ship. Alf. Sir, grammercy for your courtesy. (Views them attentively, and draws Wilmot aside.) W-h-ew! Odds-life, Master Sam- son, but these are the very folks we frightened once so at Milford Hall, on the night you and Master Tomkins put on the old armour. Wil. By my faith, I do believe they are the same. Alf. Will you assist me in plaguing them? Wil. With all my heart. Alf. House there. (Enter servant.) A flagon of your best liquor, and five goblets. [Exit servant. Hold. We will take our departure, friends. [Going. Wil. (Detaining him.) I pray you, not yet. I have a little matter to settle with you. Alfred is seen detaining the others in dumb show. [Enter servant, who places wine and goblets on table, and exit. Alf. Come, gentlemen, we invite you to join us in a social cup. Hold. We would rather decline. Wil. Nay, we insist on it. Long . What shall compel us? Alf. (Presenting a pistol.) This. Wil. (Presenting another.) And this. Alf. We would not willingly encroach on the rules of hospitality, but we must have the health of King Charles done due honour to. Hold. What? do mine ears hear rightly? Long. The health of the man Charles Stuart ! Wil. Rebellious hound, speak but another disrespectful word of thy Sovereign, and I will try whether the contents of my pistol, or thy Puritanical pate are formed of the hardest material. [Longshanks attempts to escape, but is pre- vented by Alfred, who presents his pistol at him. Alf. Back, thou righteous man. Wil. Come, be seated. (They sit. Wil- mot pours out wine.) And now, my merry men, repeat word for word after me the toast I am about to give. Are ye all ready? "Long live our gracious monarch, King Charles the Second." Hold., Long and Mar. (Repeat.) Long live our------ Alf. Proceed, my masters. Wil. Come, despatch. Hold., Long, and Mar. Long—live— our— gracious monarch (they moan) King Charles the Second. Wil. "And a safe voyage to the devil to Old Noll." Hold., Long, and Mar. And a safe voyage (they pause.) Wil. Come, let's have the finale. Alf. Brisk! Hold Long, and Mar. To the devil of Old Noll. Oh! Alf. Well said. To the devil to Old Noll. Wil. And now my jolly companions, follow my example in draining off your goblets. (Wilmot and Alfred drink off their wine. Holdfast, Longshanks, and Marrowbones drink slowly, making wry faces.) Alf. Methinks yon pleasant visaged man hath a musical countenance (pointing to Marrowbones.) Wil. I am sure he could favour us with a merry song. Mar. Of a verity my voice hath absconded in bewilderment, and moreover I rejoice not in profane minstrelsy. Alf. Know you this (mimicking.) Oh! tis a pleasant sight to see, Verily, verily. Wil. Alf. Ha! ha! ha! Wil. Nay, we must have a song. Alf. Aye, and a merry one too. Hold. Righteous friend, it is of no avail refusing. These ungodly men will have their way, armed as they are and we defence- less. Uplift thy voice then, and let's away. Wil. Come, refill the goblets first, and then for the song. Alfred fills the goblet. Alf. Now for the song. The song, the song. SONG.—MARROWBONES. I once did chance to rove, So merrily. All through a shady grove, So merrily. 'Twas in the time of spring, That I went wandering, While the little birds did sing So merrily. To hear the birdies lays So merrily. It did my heart upraise, So merrily. The church bells rang ding dong, As I strolled the trees among, And sang a little song, So merrily. Wil . Bravo! bravo! quite enlivening. Alf. I never heard a merrier song. Come here's confusion to the singer, and all his sect. (Drinks.) Long. I won't drink that. Alf. Eh! what! (presents his pistol. Longshanks drinks hastily) Master Samson, I have not as yet had an opportunity of dis- playing for your judgment my prowess in the noble art of fence. Let us remove the table. (They rise and place the table on one side.) Pray lend me thy rapier. (Takes Wilmot's sword and approaches Holdfast.) Preux Chevalier, let us exchange a pass or two, in good humour. (Offers him Wilmot's sword.) Hold. I am not in the vein just now. Wil. Fie on it. What, refuse so courte- ous an invitation. Hold. Moreover, the blade is too long for my accustomed exercise. Alf. Nay, that can soon be remedied. Take thou my rapier, which is shorter by some inches, and as thy arm is somewhat longer than mine, it will place us on more equal footing. Hold. It is ill-jesting, verily, with sharp blades. Alf. Tut, man, let us commence (forces his sword on Holdfast). And do thou stand by, Master Samson, and see that no foul play take place. Wil. The first malicious thrust I see given in anger, the offender falls by my hand. (Cocks his pistol.) Alf. (Placing himself in a fencing atti- tude) Now then, look to your guard. (Makes a pass at Holdfast who parries awkwardly, his attention being attracted to Wilmot, who all along keeps his pistol levelled exclusively at Holdfast.) Carte—Tierce—Tierce— Carte. Sa! sa! sa! Presses hotly on Holdfast, making rapid passes at him, driving him about the stage. As Holdfast is retreating, Wil- mot shoves a chair in the way, over which Holdfast falls, and his sword drops from his hand. Alfred places a foot on Holdfast's breast, and his sword point at his throat. Wil. (Jumping upon a chair, and waving his hat.) Victory! Victory!! Victory!!! The vanquished lies at your mercy, valiant knight, rescue or no rescue. Alf. We spare the Caitiff's life. The whole of the entertainments, as the play actors say, to conclude with a dance. Master Samson, have you as yet seen the newly invented pas de deux? Wil. No, but I should wish much to view it Alf. Your wish shall he gratified. I invite this well-limbed gentleman, who, I am sure, dances to perfection, to join me in it. Long. I never danced a single step in all my life. Alf. (Pulling Longshanks to the centre of the stage, and turning him round.) Only look at that Adonis shape, and yet he says he does not dance. I will never believe it. Long. I do affirm I know not one step. Alf. Oh, nonsense, you are only pretend- ing, in order to astonish us the more with your grace and agility. Long. I have been short-winded from my cradle. Alf. Nothing like exercise as a remedy for that complaint. Come, most delectable partner, I will hum an air, and Master Sam- son, if he keep not lively time, do thou, I pray you, accelerate his movement with an occasional prod of thy rapier. (He hums an air, "La, la, ran la, &c.;," pulling Long- shanks roughly about, who moves awkwardly and grotesquely, Alfred treading now and then on his toes, while Wilmot prods him occasionally from behind. After the dance has proceeded some time, Longshanks puffing and panting, Alfred trips up his heels, and he tumbles down.) Wil. Now to horse and away. [Exit with Alfred. Holdfast and Marrowbones approach Longshanks Hold. Rise, friend, rise. Mar. Let us assist him up. Long. Where are our tormentors? Hold. Gone, whereat let us rejoice. Long. I am faint. My breath lacketh. Support me goodly friends hence. I need rest. [Exeunt. One of the Protector's last acts was to commit Sir Henry Milford to the Tower. The ingenious page robs a drunken Puritan of a pass from General Monk, by means of which he gains admission to Sir Henry, and plans his escape. Meantime the King arrives at Milford Castle, still in disguise as Tom- kins, and an admirable recognition scene, in which Lady Milford and Boniface are equally astonished, concludes the drama. Having thus gone through the work, we can readily accord our testimony to the dramatic skill and general literary merit dis- played in its composition, as well as to the stream of humour which runs throughout the piece. Of the music we shall have another opportunity of speaking, as preparations are being made for its performance by a body of amateurs, previously to the transmission of the score to London. We regret we cannot add that the Printing of the drama will con- vey to the gentlemen of Paternoster Row, even a tolerable idea of the progress of the art in this part of the world. 