THE CHIRONICLE. THURSDAY, MAY 18, 1843. - -tBe Just aes fear not: .Let all the ends thou aim'at at be thy country's, 1Thy God's, and truth's.' Shakepeare. PRIMACY OF ST. PETER AND HIS SUC. CESSORS. Catholics believe that peculiar powersewvere given .to St. Peter, and that the Bifshop of Rome, as his suc* cessor, is the head of the twhole Cathollio church; in which sense this church may therefore fitly be styled Roman Catholic ; being an universal body united under one visible head. PRIMACY OF ST. PETER. PROOFS FROM SCRIPTURE. Matt. xvi. 15, 16, 17, 18, 19. Jesus saitlh to them: But whom do you say that I am t Simon Peter answered and said: Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God. And Jesus ansriering, said to him : Blessed art thou, Simon Bar.Jona : because flesh and blood bath not revealed it to thee, but my Father who is in heaven. And I. say to thee: Thou art Peter; and upon this rook I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prii?il against it.' And I will give to thee the keysof the kingdom of heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt bied upon earth, it shall be bound also In heaven: and what. noever thou shalt loose upon earth, it shall be also loosed in lheaven. Luke asil. 31, 32. And the Lord said : Simon, '[ Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you,, thai he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not and thou being "once converted, confirm thy brethren. John xxi. 16, 16, 17. So when they had dined, Jesus said to Simon Peter: Simon son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these t? He saith to him. Yea, Lord, thoed knowest that i love thee. He saith to him : Feed my lambs. He saith to him again : Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou mel He saith to him s Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee. lIe salth to him.: Feed my lambs. He salth to him a third time: Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me ? Peter was grieved, because he said to him the third time : Lovest thou me t And he said to him: Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I Jovethee. lie said to him: Feed my sheep. See .Sark i, 86, Luke i. 32. Acts il. 14. PROOFS FROM THE FATHERS. SECOND CENTURY. S. Irænus, L. C.* " The apostolic faith, mani. fested to the whole world, they, who would behold truth, may see in every church ; and we can onu-: moerate those Bishops, who were appointed by the, Apostles and their successors, down to ourselves, none of whom taught or even knew the wild opi. ions .of these men (heretics). Had the Apostles * We can exhibit the original of all the Greek references, if required. L. C. marks the Fathers of the Latin, as G C. marks those of the Greek Church.--ED, really possessed any secret doctrines which the c perfect only were to hear, surely they would have I communicated them to those to whom they entrusted their churches. However, as it would be tedious to enumerate the whole list of successions, I shall I confine myself to, that of Rome, the greatest, and e most ancient, and most illustrious church, founded by the glorious Apostles, Peter and Paul.; receiving from them her doctrine, which was announced to all men, and which, through the succession of her Bishops is come down to us. Thus we confound all those who, through evil designs, or vain-glory, or perverseness, teach what they ought' not. For to this church, on account of its superior headship,* every other must have recourse, that is, the faithful of all countries; in which church has been preserved the doctrine delivered by the Apostles. They, therefore, having founded and instructed this church, committed the administration thereof to Linus. Of this Linus Paul makes mention in his epistle to Timothy. To him succeeded Anacletus ;.then in the third place, Clement, who had himself seen and con versed with those Apostles,at what time their preaching yet sounded in his ears. Nor was this alone true of of him, as many at that time were living whom they had taught. To Clement succeeded Evaristus; to him Alexander; and then the sixth from the Apos ties, Sixtus, who was followed by Teleophorus, Hyginus, Pius, and Anicetus. But Soter -having succeeded Anicetus, Eleutherins, the twelfth from the Apostles, now .governs the church. By such regular succession has'the doctrine de livered by the Apostles descended to us; and the proof is most clear, that it is one and the same vivifying faith, which, coming from the Apostles, is at this time maintained and taught."-Adv. Hear, L. iii. c. 3, p. 200, 201, 202, 203. Tsrtullian, L. C. " If thou thinkest heaven is still closed, recollect that the Lord left the keys thereof to Peter, and through him to the Church:"t Scorpiaci c. x. p. 830. " We are not allowed to in. dulge our own humour, nor to choose what another has invented. We have the A poestles of our Lord for founders, who were not themselves the inventors, nor authors of what they left us; but they have faithfully taught the world the doctrine which they received from Christ. Therefore, if an angel from heaven should preach another gospel, we would say inathema to him. .Heresies have arisen from phi losophy, and from human wisdom, which is different from the spirit of Christianity. What is there common between Athens and Jerusalem ? Between the acailemic groves and the Church ? Our lessons come from the porch of Solomon, which teach us to teak the Lord in simplicity of heart. Having. learned Christ and his Gospel, we must indulge no curiosity, no further enquiry. We believe a that suflices. Our first maxim is, that nothing more is necessary."-De Praescriptions, cc. vi., vii., p.331. " What will you gain by recurring to Scripture, when one denies what the other asserts? Learn rather who it is that possesses the faith of Christ; to whom the Scriptures belongs from whom, by whom, and when that faith was delivered, by which we are made Christians. For where shall be found the true faith, there will be the genuine scriptures; there the true interpretations of them; and there all Christian traditions.: Christ chose. his Apostles, whom he sent to preach to all nations. They delivered his doctrine, and founded churches, from which churches others drew the seeds of the same doctrine, as new ones daily continue to do. 'T'hus these, as the offspring of the Apostolic Churches, are themselves deemed Apostolical. Now, to know what the Apostles taught, that is, what Christ revealed to them, recourse must be had to the churches which they founded, and which they instiructed by word of mouth, and by their epistles. For it is plain, that all doctrine which is conformable to the faith of these mother churches is true, being that which they received from the Apostles, the Apostles from Christ, Christ from God ; and that all other opinions must be novel and false."-Ibid. c. xvii. xix. xx. xxi. p. 334. THIRD CENTURY. Origen, G. C. " Consider what was said by the Lord to" that great foundation 'of the Church, and that most firm rock, on which Christ built his Church : O' thou of little faith, why didst thou doubt ? Matt. xiv. 31.' -Hom. v. in Exod. T. 11., p. 145. " What before (Matt. xvi. 19.) was granted to Peter alone, here (Matt. xviii. 18) seems to have been granted to all who should have thrice reproved any sinners; but as something peculiarly excellent§ was to be given to Peter, it was given singly to him s I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven. This. was done before the words, whatsoever you shall bind on earth, &c.;, were in the eighteenth chapter, uttered. And truly, if the words of the gospel be attentively considered, we shall there find that the last words were common to Peter and the others; but that the former spoken to Peter, im ported distinction and superiority.-Tom. All. Com. in Matt:, T. iii., p. 613. S. Cyprian, L, C. " For the Lord in the first place gave to Peter (on whom he built his Church,l[ and where he instituted and showed the origin of unity) the power, that what he loosed on earth, should be loosed in heaven. And after tis resurrec tion he speaks also to the Apostles, saying : (John xx 21) As the Father sent me, I send you; receive the Holy Ghost, whose sins you shall forgive, &c.;" Ep. Ixxili, p 201. " Nor did Peter, whom the Lord chose the jfrst, and on whom he built his Church, when afterwards ihe disagreed with Paul concerning circumcision, arrogate anything to himself saying, that he held the primacy,¶ and that he ought to be obeyed by those who came after him. He despised not Paul because he had persecuted the Church; but listened to the advice of truth, and assented to reason.".-Ep. lan, p 195. lie repeats in many other places that the Church war builton Peter. " The Lord speaks to Peters I say to thee, thlat thou art Peter, and uponsthat rock I will build my churchli, &e.; And again, after his resurrection, he says to the same Peter: Feed my sheep., Upon one he builds is church.** And although Ihe gives at equal power to all the Apostles, sayings As the father sent me, I also send you; receive ye the Holy Ghost, &c.; Yet to manifest unity, he authorita tively ordained the origin of unity to spring from oie,. What Peter was, that indeed were the other apostles, endowed with an equal consortship of dig. nity and-power, but the beginning is from unity, that the church may be shewn to be one." De unit. Ecel. p. 106. (It is the ustity of thii church, how. ever, that S. Cyprian, in this treatise, labors prin cipally to establish.) FOURTH CENTURY. Eusebius, G. 0. "The kind providence of God conducts Peter to Rome- that powerful and great Apostle-and by his deserts, the chief of all the resit. Hist. Eccles. L. iI, 14, p 63. " Peter, the disciple of Christ, preferred before the other Apostles." Demon. Evang. L, 111,p 123. Peter the head of the apostles, I'ropter potlorem princlpalltstem. \+ Memaeto elaves q/us li a Domlnum Petro, et per eum ecltesia reliqulsse S ltio lert ?e?hts Srpturarum, et exposltlonum,'et om. tum tradittonum sOhristlanurum, . t Id extnaneum et rirsum, quod ,it postsrlt.s immiasum . I Stter quoom mdflnacvltlcclealsm. L ar Ut diesret - prtmstum teners. se Super ulum tdolleat eclesism suns, denied his master thrice." Com. i, Psal. lxix,p. I 373. S Hilary, L. C. " On the rock of the confession of Peter the church was built." De Tries. L. vi p 4 903\. " Peter believed first, and he is made the chief of the Apostleship."* Comment. in ANot. p 642. S Basil, G. C. " Peter, from being a fisherman, was called to the apostleship ; and from the emi nence of his faith, received on himself the building. of the church." Adv. Eunom. L. 11, T. 1, p 240. S. Cyril of Jerusalem, G. C. " Peter, the an. preme head of the Apostles, thrice denied his master, but he repented and wept bitterly, on which account he not only obtained pardon, but received an Apos. tolic dignity not to be taken from him."-Cat. 11, o 12, p 32. When the rest were silent (Mast. xvi, 13), for the doctrine surpassed human power, Peter, the head ofthes Apostles, and the leading minister of the Church,t enlightened by the Father, answe ed: Thou art the Christ ; not simply this, but the Son of the living God."-Cat. ai, n 1, p 136. " Peter, the head of the Apostles, and who holds the keys of the kingdom of heaven."-Cat, xvii, n 13, p 253. S. Gregory of Neaiansum, G. C. " You see how Peter, among the disciples of Christ all great and all worthy of choice, is called a rock, and receives on the profession of his faith the foundations of the Church ; while John is particularly beloved, and rests on the breast of Christ; and the other disciples bear this preference without repining." Orat., xavi, T 1, p'453. In his seventh oration he styles Peter " the pillar of the church." Ibid, p 142. S. Ephrem, G. C. " I know in what manner Peter, the prince and head of the Apostles., by weeping bitterly, obtaired pardon, and retained the leadship." De compunct. T. 1, p 151. " Peter, thou art happy, who didst obtain, in tihe body of thy brethren, the place of tire head and tongue,4 which body was composed of the disciples and children of thy master." T. 1, Bibl. Orient. p 25, Edit. Rome, 1731. S. Gregory of Nysa?, G. C. "The memory of Peter, the head of the Apostles, is celebrated, and with him that of the other members of the church. But the church of God is firmly built on him, For ire, according to the prerogative granted to him by i the Lord, is that firm and solid rock upon which the Saviour built the church." Orat. 11, p 339. Apud Zacagnium Collect. Monum. Rltom, 1698, S. Optatus of Milevis, L. C. "The tlessed Peter, to whom pardon after his denial migh: have sufficed, was thought worthy, for the promotion of unity, to be preferred to the other apostles; ansd he alone received the keys of the kingdom of heayen to be communicated to the others."§ De Schism. Donat. Lib. vii p 105. Edit. Parisiis, 1700, S. Epiphanius, G. C. " Peter, the chief of the apostles, truly became by his faith that solid rock on which the Church was built." Hmr. lie, T 1, p 600\. " God, who knows the prapensities of the human heart, and what man is most deserving, chose Peter to be the leader of his Apostles, as is clearly announced." Ibid, Haer. L 1, page 440. The Lord appointed Peter, the first of the Apostles, a firm rock, on which the Church of God was built, and the gates of hell shall nft prevail against it; for the gates of hell are heresies, and Iheresiarchta." In Anchorat. T ii, p 14. S. Ambrose, L. C. '' By temptation we are im. proved, so tilat he who was found weak acquires strength, and is able to instruct others. Peter, after his fall, Is appointed the ruler of the church :II and the Lord before signifies why he'alterwards chose him to conduct his flock. For he said to him: And thou being converted, confirm thy brethlren." In" Psal. xliii, T. ii, p 792. " Christ did not doubt, neither did he ask to learn, but to teach, wlho it was that he would leave behind him as vicar of his love. Because he alone, amongst all, confesses Christ, he is preferred before all.T¶ He is commanded to feed, not Iris lambs only, but Ills sheep ; that so, ihe beiog the more perfect, might govern those that are more perfect." L 10 in Lue. T ill, p 233. " It was worthy of Paul, when he went up to Jerusalem, (Gal. c 1) to wish to see Peter, because he was the first among the Apostles, to whom the] Saviour had delegated the care of the churches ;* not indeed to learn anything from him, because he had already received instruction from him, who had instructed Peter; but from his regard to the apostleship, and that Peter might know, that the same power had been given to him, which he himself had received." Com. in c. 1, ad Gal. 'i. iii, p 467. S. John Chrysostom, O. C, " Did not Peter, that pillar of-the church, that foundation of the faith, that head of the apostles, deny his master three several times '" Hoem. 11, in Psal. 1, T. iii., p872. " How zealous is Peter I How sensible, that the flock was by Christ committed to his charge I How does he shew himself the chief in this council I (Acts xv.) He being chief of all, with reason uses authority in this affair, as having them all in his power. For Christ says to him r Do thou, being converted, confirm thy brethren." Hem. iii, in Acts, T. ix, p 28. " For what reason did Christ shed his blood 1 Certainly, to gain those sheep, the care of which he committed to Peter and hris successors." De Sacerd. L. ii, c 1, T. iv, p 14. " Why, on this occasion,(John xxi,) pasting over the other apostles, does Christ address Peter alone1 Because hre was the mouthl ansd the chief of the apostles; and for this reason, Paul went up to Jerusalem principally to visit him : Gal. i, 18." Hom. Ilxxvii, in Joan. T. viii, p 666.-" Though all were apostles, and all were to sit on twelve seats, all left what they bad, all were together, Chlrist took with him three. (Matt. xvli.) Again, of these three all were not of equal rank--p!aclg Peter over the rest, he said to him, Lovest thou me more than these? John xxi," Hom. xxxial, in c. xvi, ad Rom. T. ix, p 394. "I say to thee, thouart Peter," &c.; He here raises his mind to higher thoughts and appoints him the pastorof his church. What God alone can grant, that is, the pardon of sins, and that his church should remain unshaken in the midst of storms, under the guidaoce of a fisherman, this God pro. mines. The Lord said to Jeremiah, 1, 18. " I have placed theeas an Iron pillar, and as a wall of brass; but this regarded a single natlioo: Christ appointed Peter over the whole world." Hem. Iv, in cap. 16' Mlat. T. vii, p 691. S. Jerom, L. C. " You affirm," he says to Jovioan, " tihat the church is founded on Peter ; although, in another place, it is said to be built on all tire apostles, and thiat all of them received the keys of the kingdom of hIeaveo, and have the church established equally upon them a nevertheless, one of the twelve is chosen, to the end tliat, a ,hesd lielg Sappointed, the occasion of schism be taken away.tt But why was not the unmarried John chosen? Res f spect wa ahewn to age a Peter was the elder." Adv. Joviolan, L, 1 T. 1, p 470. " What is there common *, Atosttolatrtaestlrrinoeeps. " : SPritnceps no vertex aposrtolorum. $ 'trptls at Irrgrtlm 1eeam ottinuis .t . t I 1Prstrrt omtnihbs apostolis reruilt, et olaves-commu? nleutands caters solus noceplt. I aletrus Ireltcish prreonuron"r, S?Omnthus stefetur ..... .. SPrmrs eras inter Apostolos, ui, delegaverat Salrvate curam elerr, lsrum, 5r mInter rnodee nuns ellgitur, u caplte constitute soahls mtUS tollnsttr oneo"so. between Aristotle and Paul? Between Plato and Peter t But as Plato was the prince of the philosophers, so was Peterofthe'apostles, upon whom the church of Christ wasfirmly built."* Adv. Pelng. L. 1, T. 1. p. 228. "When Peter had done speaking (Acts xv.), the multitude was silent, and James and the other elders went over to his opinion. Hence we learn, that, before Paul, Peter was not ignorant, that the law had now ceased to be binding. In short, so great was the authority of Peter, that to the Galatians (chap. 1.) Paul writes: Then, after three years, I went to Jerusalem to see Peter, and tarried with him fifteen days. Again he afterwards says: (Idid ii.) Then fourteen years after, I went up again to Jerusalem, and I went up according to revelation; and communicated to them the gospel, which I preach among the gentiles : signifying, that in preaching the gospel, be was not secure, unless that preaching were sanctioned by the judgment of Peter and of the other apostles, who weie with him." Ep. lxxxix. ad August. T. 1. p. 947. S. Asterius,t G. C. " When Christ had as cended into heaven, Peter assumed the office of preaching the gospel, and speaking in the name of all the rest, manifested the courage of a bold mind. When I say this, let it not be thought, that I com pare the servant with his master: but I mean, that God, to shew his own power by .his servants, on none of his disciples bestowed so maninny of his gifts, as on Peter. By these he raised him above the rest; and such he was shewn to be by the power of the divine spirit." Hem. in SS. Pet. et Paul. T. 1. p. 135. In Novo Auctarie Combefis. Paris 1648. "John, who rested on the breast of Christ, was great; so was James. Philip also was renowned; but still they all gave way to Peter, and accepted the second place. Ibid. p. 142.-" When our Saviour by his death purposed to sanctify the human race, he commits to Peter the universal church, as a most excellent deposit. Having asked him thrice, Lovest thou me ? (John xxi.) and Peter having as often, with great readiness, replied ; he received the world, as a flock committed to a slhepherd, hearing the words, feed my lambs. The Lord, in tie place, it may be said, of himself, appointed this faithful disciple to be tile father, the shepherd, and the instructor of his followers." Ibid. p. 146: FIFTH CENTURY. S. Augustin, L C. " But if we are to consider the series of episcopal successions, wtth how much greater certainty we number from Peter, to whom, as representing the whole church, Christ said : On this rock I will build my church. To Peter sue. ceeded Linus," &c.; Deo Donatist. Dissidio. T. ii, p. 286.-" For who can be ignorant, that the most blessed Peter is the first of the apostles 1" In Eveng. loan. T. ix. p. Gl.--" lThe apostle Peter, on account of the primacy of his apostleship,4 represented the church. As to himself, by nature he was one man; by grace a Christian, but by a more abundant grace the first apostle." Ibid. p. 234. " Peter, among the apostles the first, tile most ardent in his love of Christ, often answered for the rest. When Christ asked what men said of him ? and when others mentioned their various opinions; to the questlon-but who do you say that ain ? Peter answered t Thou art Christ, the Son of God. One answered for many." Serm. xili. 1'. x.; p. 24. S. Cyril oJ Alexandria, G.C. " Christ predicts that not Simon, but Peter shall be his name; by the wold opportunely signifying that on him, as on a firm rock, he was about to build his church." Lib. Il is Joan,., c. xiii., T. i. p. 73. Ed. Basil. 1566\. He calls him, on other occasions, " tile head of the apostles." Hlm. de ?lyst. Cana. T. v. p. 376\. Edit. Paris. 1638. " The chief of the dis ciples." Com, in, Joan. L. xii., T. iv. p. 1064. Councils of Ephesus and Chalefdon, G. C. 'lhe passages fron these councils may be seen unodr the following head in S. Leo, L.C. " Peter is alo:oe chosen to preside over the apostles, and all tihe pastors of the church; that whereas there are many priests, and many ministers, he may govern these, while Christ himself is the Lord of all." Serm. iii. in Anniv. Assump., .p. 107. S. Proclus, JIG.C. Speaking of S, Peter, he calls him " The chief of the disciples, and the head of the apostles." Oral. viii. p. 391, its N. Auct. Comn bj?ls, Paris 1648. S. laidore of Pelulsum, G.C. He uses the same words as Proclus, calling Peter " the chief of the disciples." L, 1,-Ep. 142. PRIMACY OF THE SUCCESSORS OF ST. PETER. SECOND OENTURY. S. Irenats, L.C,. " As it would be tedious to enumerate the whole list of successors, I shall con. fine myself to that of Rome, the greatest, and most ancient, and most illustrious church, founded by the glorious apostles Peter and Paul, receiving from them her doctrine, which was announced to all men, and which, through the succession of her bishops, is come down to us. To this church, on account of its superior headship,1 every other must have re course, that is, tihe faithful of all countries. They, therefore, hsaving founded and instructed this church, committed the administration thereof to Linus. To Iim succeeded Anacletus; then in the third place, Clement. To Clement succeeded Evaristus, to Iim Alexander; and then Sixtus, who was followed by Telesphorus, Hygisus, Plus, and Anicetux. But Soter having succeeded Anicetus, Eleutheriues, the twelfth from the apostles, now governs the church." Ado. Hor. L. iii. c. iii. p. 201, 202. 203. Tertullian, L.C. " Let them (the herelics) pro. duce the origin of their churches; tite regular suc cessialon of their bslhops. Smyrna has her Polyearp appointed by S. John; Rome her Clement ordained by S. Peter; and so the other churches.-Run through the apostolic churches, in which the chairs wherein the apostles sat are now Alled.-Acbhala is at hand; so is Corinth. If you -are not remote from Macedonia, you have before you Philippi and Theasalonica. Pass into Asia, there is Ephesus; in Italy, Rome, an authority to which we can readily appeal.vr Happy church I which the great apostles fully impregnated with all their doctrine, and with their blood." De Prosrip. e. xxaii. xxxvi., p. 837, 338. THIRD CENTURY. S. Cyprian, L.C.-Writing to Corneliss, who then sat in the chair of S, Peter, he states the Im proper conduct of certain schismatics who had gone from Africa to Rome, and says : " After these attempts, having chosen a bishop for themselves, they dare to sail,and to carry letters from srhismatics and profane men to the chair of Peter, and to the principal church, whence the sacerdotal unity took its rise;tt not reflecting tllat tile members of that 0Ut fiae princeps philosophornm. Its hie Apoatolorum ftit ; super quem Ecotlesa Domul stabillt mole rundata eat, qua neo iimpetu flumlnlats, nem ulla tempestate ceoncutllur. S+8S. Astertus was bishop of Amases, it Asia Minor, and eontemporany with 8. John OCIhrysostom. He wrote many sermons, some of wLthlo are extant. t Propaors Apostalatus sut prlantum. ... 1 In Apostolorum online primus. U He was the disciple of t. John Ohrysostom, and was plased on the prtarcharotatir of Constantinopla In 404. Ue iled in 447. several otls homllttts and lotters ar atill sxtant. ¶ Proprer potloronm prlnelpaliltem. *5 Undis noble qpoque au0toritas prissto est. u+Atd Pett oaothodratnqu ad eoclsslam prlncipatlmo, undo unite sancrdotols aXorta est. church are Romans (whose.faith. was.praisedjby Paul) to shom perfidy can have no access.'" Ep, lix. p. 135. FOURTH -CENTURY. Eusebius, G.C.-" The kind providence of God conducts Peter to Rome, that powerful and great apostle, and, by his deserts, the chief of all the rest." Hist. Eccl. L. ii., c. 14, p. 63. " Linus was the first who, after Peter, obtained the see of Rome. Clement was chosen the third Bishop of Rome. Linus consigned his church to Anacletts, who left Clement his successor, and Clement, Evaristus, and he Alexander," &c.; Ibid, L. iii. c. 4, and seqq. The Council of Sardica,* G.C. " If a bishop, having been condemned in any suit, esteems his cause so good as to wish to have it revised, let us so honour, if it please you, the memory of the apostle Peter, that the judges of that cause be ordered to write to Julius, the Roman bishop; and if he judge it proper to renew the judgment. let it be renewed, and he appoint judges. If he think thereis notcause for-the revision, let things remain as they were de cided." Can. iii. Cone. Gen. T. ii., p. 630. "This shall seem most proper, if, from all the provinces, the priests of the Lord refer themselves to the head, that is, to the see of Peter."f- Ep. Synod. ad Julium Rum. Cone. Gen. T. ii. p. 661. S. Julius I, L. C. About the year 341, during the heat of the Arian controvery, the enemies of S. Athanasius, the Bishop of Alexandria, having ap pealed against him to Julius, the Roman Bishop, the latter in a letter addressed to them, when they had declined appearing at Rome, has these words: " If Athanasius and others, as you say, were guilty, the matter should have proceeded according to tile canons, and not as it did ; we all should have been apprised by letter of it, that a just sentence might have been pronounced by all. For Bishops and Churches suffered; not common Churches, but such as the Apostles themselves had taught. And why did yon not write principally to us concerning the city of Alexandria ? Were you ignorant that it was customary first to inform this see, that hence the first decision might issue ? If, therefore, suspicions were there (in the East) entertained against that Bishop, they should have been reported to us. Now, having done what they pleased, they require that we, without any previous information, should ap prove their rentence. Such are not the ordinances of Paul: such is not the tradition of our fathers : it is a new and unexampled conduct." Ep. Julii, Cone. Gen. T. ii, p 611. As this epistle is ad dressed to many Eastern Bishops, it may be pre sumaedto contain the admitted opinions, at this time, of all the churches. S. Basil, G. C. He writes to the Roman bishop Damasus, on the distressed state of his church: \- We ask nothing new; we ask only what other good men have done, and particularly those of your church. From documents, preserved amongst us, we know, that tire blessed Dionysius, who with you was eminent for his faith and other virtues, visited by his letters our church of Caesarea; gave comfort to our forefathers, and rescued our brethren from slavery. But our condition is now much more lamenta able. Wherefore, if you are not at this time induced to aid us, soon, all being subjected to the heretics, none will be found to whom you may stretch out your Iland." Ep. lxx, ad Dam. 1'. iii. p. 164.-He writes again to the bishops of the West : " Eusta thius of Sebaste, being deposed at Melitina, devised himself the means whereby to procure his restora tion. He went to you. What was proposed to him by the Roman Bishop, and to what he agreed, we know not. We know only, that he brought a letter, which when he had shewn to the Synod of Thyna, he was reinstated in his see. Ep. lxxiv. '', iii. p. 406\. e S, Damascus,§ Bishop of Rome, L. C. He writes to the Eastern bishops, assembled at Con stantinople : " It redounds much to your own honour, thus to have shewn due respect to this apostolic see. But why do you again demand from meil the deposition of Timotheus, who, together with his master, the heretic Apollinaris, was here deposed by the sentence of our see, in the presence off the bishop of Alexandria?" Ep. ii. Cone. Gen. T: ii. p. 866. S. Optatus of Milevis, L. C. You cannot deny," he says to Parmenianus, " that S. Peter, the chief of the apostles, established an episcopal chair at Rome : this chair was one. It was in this one chair, which is the first mark of the church, that S. Peter first sat; to S. Peter succeeded Linus, -and after him others, till Damasus, who is now our colleague, by whose means all other churches of the world are united with us in the same communion, kepiog correspondence by circular letters." De Schism. Donat. L. ii. p. 28. S. Jerom, L. C. " I am," he says in a letter to Pope Damasus, written from the deserts of Syria; " I am following no other than Christ, united to the communion of your Holiness, that is, to the chair of St. Peter. I know that the Church is founded upon that rock. Whoever eateth the lamb out of that house is a profane man. Whoever is not ih the ark shall perish by the flood. But forasmuch as being retired into the desert of Syria, I cannot receive the sacrament at your hands, I follow your colleagues, the Bishops of Egypt. I do not know Vitalis; I do not communicate with Meletius; Paulinus is a stranger to me (men of suspected faith) : He that gathereth not wilth us, scattereth."¶ Ep. lvli, ad Damasum, T 1, p 604. In a second letter to the same Damnsus, hre repeats the same assertion: ' I cease not to proclaim : He is mine who remains united to the chair of Peter."" Ep. Iviii, Ibid, p. 608, 8\. John Chrysostom, G.C. He writes to Inno. cent, the Roman Bishop, after many proceedings against himself: "I beseech you to direct,.that what has wickedly been done against me, while I was absent, and did not decline a trial, should have no effeot; and that thiey, who have thus proceeded, may be subjected to ecclesiastical punishment. And allow me, who have been convicted of no offence; to enjoy the comfort of your letters, and the society of my former frioaends." Ep. 1. ad. Innoc. T. iv. p. 597.-" For what reason did Christ shed his blood ? Certainly to gain those sheep, the care of which he committed to Peter, and is successors." De Sacerd. L. i,. e. I. T. 4. p. 14. FIFTH CENTURY. S. Augustin, L. C. " In the Catholic Church. —many are the considerations, which must keep me in her bosom. The assent of nations; her autlhority first established by miracles—the succession of pastors from the chair of Peter, to whom the Lord committed the care of feeding hls flock, down to the present bishop; lastly the name itself of Catholic." *This council, at which nearly 300 bishops were present, was called at the earnest solicitation of S. Athanasius perse- cuted by the Arians and Eusebians, who had placed Gregory upon his patriarchal chair or Alexandria. Sardica was a city of Thrace. +Si ad caput, idest. ad Petri apostoli sedom. . S He succeeded S. Mark In the See of a. Poter In 317, and dind In 3 I, , nd In 8 I He succeeded Liberius in 366, and died in 84. To is placred by s. Jerom In his catalogue of Ecclesiastical Writers : but little remains of his works besides some letters. I A me rursus requiratls ¶ Betitudini tuæ, i.e. crathedræ Petri, communione osn. sootr super,1)lam e adtsi llentram Eolealom sdo.- Qul; eumreue extra llano domum agnum eomedsrit; proimnus est. lquts in area Noo non serlt, perblt, rynnants ditlurlo--Qul: cunrus tenurm nor oolligt, nrrlr g . - -- r, -' Egn luterim clamltu, sr quls Csthtdro Poirdl *nfgtur, smUs eat, " - - Contra ep. Funodani. T. vi, p 46. ," If we come now to the sucression of bishops, how much safer is it to. adhere to that, which we can trace from the apostle St. Peter ?-For to Peter succeeded Linus; to Linus Clement; to Clement Anscletus—and to Siricius Anastasius. In all this succession of bishops, no Donatist is to be found, and the schismatics never had at Rome any other- bishop, than the one they sent thither; having first ordained him in Africa." Ep. cxlv. ad Generosum. T. ii, p 286. Council of Milevis, L. C. In the year 416, a Synod having been assembled at Milevis in Africa to oppose the errors of Pelagius, the fathers, 61 in number (among whom was the great S. Augustin), wrote to the Roman Bishop, Innocent I., in the following words: "Since it has pleased God,'by his special grace, to seat you in the apostolic chair, and so to qualify you in these our times, that it would be criminal not to lay before you what is for the church's interest, we do beseech you to use your pastoral care in looking after the infirm members of Christ. For a new herey is lately broached. But we hope by the mercy of our Lord, who helps you. in the discharge of your duty and hears your prayers, that the abettors of this pernicious doctrine will submit to the authority of your Holiness, which authority is derived to you from the authority of the scriptures,*. Cone. Gen. T. 11, p 1545. Council of Ephesus, G.C. In the council of Ephesus, in the presence of the Eastern 'bishops there assembled, Philip, one of the delegates from Pope Calestine, thus addressed them - We thank you for the acclamations which we have heard, for the praises you have. given to your holy head (Caelestine) : for you know,' that the blessed Peter was the head of the faith and of the other apostles." Act 11. Cone. Ger. T. iii, p 619. Again the same delegate afterwards added: " No one doubts; in deed, it has been known to all ages, that the most, holy Peter, the prince of the apostles, the pillar of the faith, and the foundation of the churcIh, received from our Lord the-keys of the kingdom, and the power of binding, and of loosing sins, He lives unto this day in his successors, and always exercises that judgment in them. Our holy father Cælestine, the regular successor of Peter, and who now holds his place, has sent us in his name to this sacred council -a council convened by our most Christian um perors-for the conservation of the faith received from their fathers." Ibid. Act. iii, p 626. S. Cyril of Alexandria, G. C. " That this is so, I will produce as an ample witness the most holy Cælestine, the archbishop of all the world, and the father and patriarch of the great Rome, who himself thrice exhorted you by letter to desist from that mad blasphemy; and you obeyed him not." In Encom. in S. Mariam Virg. '.' v. par. 11, p 384. Council of Chalcedon, G. C. In the council of Chalcedon, when the: famous epistle of the Roman bishop had been read, as before stated, the fathers exclaimed : "This is the faith of our fathers-Peter has thus spoken by Leo-the apostles so taught." Ibid. Act Ii, T. iv, p 368. In the third session, after the condemnation of Dioscorus, Bishop of Alexandria, the. Synod wrote to Pulcheria the Empress :. " The governors (the Bishops) have now resumed the management of their ships, Christ being the pilot, who. through thse ad. mirable Leo pointed the way to truth. As he made use of the wisdom of Peter, so has he used the wisdom of Leo."t" Ibid. Act. iii p 464. After the council they addressed Leo, the Bishop of Rome: " In the person of Peter, appointed our interpreter, you preserved the chain of faith, by the command of our master, descending to us. Where- fore, using you as a guide, we have signified the truth to the faithful, not by private interpretation, but by one unanimous confession. Only adding— If, where two or three are gathered together in the name of Christ, he is there in the midst of them; how must he have been with 250 ministers? Over these, as the head in its members, you presided by those who held your rank. We entreat you, there fore, to honor our decision by your decrees; and as we agreed with the head,so let your Eminence com plete what is proper for your children. Besides this, Dioscorus carries his rage against him to whom Christ entrusted the care of his vineyard, that is, against your apostolic holiness." Ibid, p 834, 833, 838. Some time after this, speaking of the council of Chalcedon to the learned Bishop Theodoret, Leo has the following observations: " We rejoice that what truths had been first defined by our ministry, should be confirmed by the irrevocable assent of the brethren there assembled, showing that to be divine, which, proceeding from the first of all the sees, received the sanction of the Christian world. And lest the assent thus given to that see, which the Lord ordained to preside over all others, shall appear the effect of flattery, or to be otherwise suspiciously construed, it so happened, that our judgment was at first con troverted by some. Truth shines more clearly; and is more strongly retained, when what faithat, first taught is confirmed 'by examination. And the sacerdotal ministry also becomes more resplen dent when, without infringing the liberty of their inferious, the authority of the first order is main tained, and discussion promotes the glory of God." Theodoret, G. C. Being much persecuted, he writes to a Western Bishop :" I entreat you to prevail on the most holy Archbishop (of Rome), to use his Apostolic power, and command me to hastea to your synod. For that most holy see has the head ship over all the churches of the world, and for this principal reason, that it was never infected by any one heretical taint, nor was ever occupied by any one holding adverse doctrine, but remaining always true to its Apostolical institution." : Ep. xcili, al. lxiii, p 624. Vincent of Lerins, L. C. " Pope Stephen, of blessed memory, and Bishop of the Apostolic See, together with his colleagues, deeming, it just, that he who was above others by the authority of his chair, should be foremost in the attachment to the faith, addressed an epistle to the African church, and defined,'that no innovation be made ; that what had been delivered down should be followed." Common. c vli p 823."' ' 2 . COUNCIL OF FLORENCE. '' On this head of the primacy of the Roman Bishop, the Council of Trent Issued no decree, but because in the general Council of Florence, convened in 1439, in order to unite the Greek and Latin churches, the point had been fully decided, I shall here insert the decree. ," Moreover we define, that the Holy Apostolic See, and 'the Roman Bishop, has the primacy over all the earth; and that 'he is the suc cessor of the blessed Peter, the prince of the apos- ties, the true vicar of Christ, the head of the whole church, and the father and teacher of all Christians, and that to him, in the person of the blessed Peter, was committed by our Lord Jesus Christ the full power of feeding, direeling, and governing.the uni-t versal church, in such manner as it is contained in the acts of general councils and ii the holy canons.' Definitio 8. Œcumen. Synod.: Florent. Conc. Gen. Gen. T. xiii, p 615. : Auctoritati sancetitatis taum do otlao cci?turzrum lumiine depromptm fallius- eos eom oesuires; \+ Qul .oste'sdlt, its Leone alrablll v~eil tate~ il q a?Iput saplncuto 1'etro, la at Ilao utsitur ssertore. AFTER perusing with an impartial eye these texts and authorities, we put it to the candid conscience of any sincere enquirer after truth, if there be not as strong a prima facie case made out, in favour of the Papal claim to "spiritual jurisdiction" over the Church of Christ, as was ever laid before the most scrutinizing judicial tribunal. Yet these are only a select few of the many quotations that can be made on the same most important point of Christian doc- trine from the " Holy Fathers" and ecclesiastical writers of the five first centuries of the Christian era. We defy the most subtile ingenuity of the human mind to divert, or torture, or pervert these plain and positive testimonies from their natural ind obvious sense. We can say, with the celebrated Bosa suet, " Put these texts into an alembic, decompose them as you will, and you can bring nothing out of them but the " spiritual supremacy of St. Peter, and of his lawful successors." Where will you find a single text in the sacred Scriptures, in the Councils, or Fathers, where this " supremacy"' of the Apostle Peter, or of his successors in the see of Rome, is denied or called in question ? Not one. Reasoning by inferences, or from equlvocal texts of the Fathers, or from groundless suppositions, can never shake the undeniable fact, that from the days of the Apostles the See of Peter was considered, as the fountain of spiritual authority, the centre of Christian unity, and the Head of all the churches in Christendom. The constant maxim was, " Peter has spoken by his successors; the case is closed." " The First See is not subject to the judgment of any other," &c.; We are surprised that a clergyman of the Church of England, who supports the validity of "Infant Baptism" and the Divinity of Christ, would adopt, as the rev. lecturer has done in his first lecture, a line of argument that exposes himself to the objec tions of the Anabaptist or Socinian, and which ob-. jections he (the Church of England clergyman) can never answer according to his mode of argumenta tion. His negative and presumptive arguments. are the very same that the Socinian urges against the Divinity of Christ. The Socinian says,-" If the Divinity of Christ be a primary and fundamental article of revelation, why have we not an undoubted charter for it? why is not the mind of the Lord most explicitly declared one this point? why have not the Apostles at once expressly affirmed the divine judgment on it ?" Why have we as many texts affirming that Christ is less than the Father, as you can produce of his being equal to the Father ? This, to us Socinians, is contradictory—to have two equal infinite Beings. Why have we so many texts affirming of Christ qua lities derogatory to the Divinity ? What, then, can we conclude," says the Socinian, " but that the Divinity of Christ was unknown to the Apostles?" just as Mr. Allwood concludes against the supremacy of St. Peter, The Anabaptist will argue against Mr. Allwood on his own grounds. If infant baptism is necessary and suflicient for salvation, why have we not an undoubted charter for it in the Scriptures ? Yet there is not a single direct test in favour of this doctrine; on the contrary, almost every text alluding to bap- tism presupposes faith. " Believe and be baptised;" " Go baptising all nations, teaching them," -&c.; Now, infants cannot believe, cannot be taught; why then baptize them ? If their baptism be not valid, then one out of every million will not be saved, as a million to one are baptised in the state of " infancy." How now, Mr. Church-of-England-man, will you answer this, since you reject the living, constant, and unerring teaching of the Church of Christ, in preserving and expounding the revealed doctrines of Christ, whether written in the New Testament, or preserved in the permanent and unbroken teaching of the church of which Peter and his successors have been all along admitted as the head and chief pastor on earth—the supreme and divine head, Christ our Lord, being at the right hand of the Father in Heaven ? It is beyond dispute that the validity of " infant baptism" cannot be proved from any text of the New Testament, as admitted by all the fathers of the church. See to what extremities your " ne- gative and presumptive" arguments will lead you, Mr. Lecturer They cast you down to the dust before the searching and cutting retorts of the Ana- baptist and Socinian ! None but a Catholic can con- clusively answer their objections. Here we must remark on the fallacy of the reasoning from the presumed silence of the Apostles, in their several epistles, on the subject of St. Peter's superiority. In these epistles, the Apostles treated of subjects not generally taught in the Gospels. The words of Christ, conferring the especial powers on Peter, were fresh in their memory, and in the memory of all the first Christians.. They did not require to inculcate anew a doctrine so clearly laid down in the Gospel; they had to teach others what Christ taught themselves, during the " forty days" after his resurrection, those many things which are not written in the Gospels, and all those things which the Holy Ghost brought to their minds, and many things vhich this divine spirit taught them after his descent on thie day of Pentecost, and which they were not able to hear from the mouth of Christ himself when on earth amongst them. . The proof of Peter by Paul was no more than what any Catholic Prelate may make now a-days to the Pope, if the said Prelate had sufficient grounds for such reproof.- Though St. Paul and any other bishop may fully believe in the "supremacy" of St. Peter or his successors, 'yet that belief does not inculcate that the individual invested with such supremacy may 'not act imprudently, or in some manner deserving of reproof. Supreme spiritual authority in the Church does not carry with it " im- peccability" or ''exemption" from fault. 