4~)rtgtlli 4?1aTreo pOll?tP e e. - -a To His Excellency Sir George Gipps, jc. 8;.. dc. No. III. Sir-In my letter No. 2, I submitted. to your Excellency my observations on the ten propositions of the Sydney Herald, and his friends the philoso.- phers, for relieving the present difficulties of the colonists. After so signal a failure of the collective wisdom, I respectfully ask-" what confidence the government can place in that journal ?-what confi. dence can the poor distressed settlers place in its advice ?* The Herald gives publication to the imaginings of a reverend lecturer, who, in defiance of logical rules, yields to prejudice, and endeavours to per. suade his hearers and readers that because Saint Peter was considered first (primus) among his equals the apostles, therefore that he was not pri mate Admirable logic ! correct syllogism I Next he quotes St. Cyprian, to shew that Rome exercised no spiritual jurisdiction in his time beyond its own, diocese; while he admits the bishops excommuni cated by Saint Cyprian appealed to Rome, and were admitted to communion He neat quotes another of the ancient Greek Fathers, to prove that the Bishop of Rome was not considered first, because in a list of bishops he of Jerusalem is placed first, Rome second, and Antioch third. Now, considering that Jerusalem was the mother of all Christian churches, and the court of appeal, during the residence there, of the apostles, the writer being an Eastern,-it is not inconsistent with the primacy of Rome, which was, not established until a short time 'prior to the mar-' tyrdom of Saints Peter and Paul. That apreference should be given by this father to the Church of Jeru-. salem is perfectly natural, especially as the observa tions must have alluded to a period long antecedent to the dispersion of the apostles,.which took place a considerable time previous to the destruction of Jeru salem by Titus,'about the year 70 ; so that reckoning. thirty-three years and a half for the crucifixion, and twenty-six years and a half before their disper sion, we may fairly conclude that the Church of Jerusalem, according to the warning of God, had removed therefrom full ten years, if not more, prior to the year 70. During the life time of St. John, and during the primacy of St. Linus and St. Clement, and the patriarchate of St. Evodius at Antioch, the immediate successors of the apostles, it is hardly pro bable, that during the terrible persecutions which fol owed each other so rapidly, that an appeal to Rome was either necessary or convenient during the life time of the apostles or their inspired disciples. That a primacy and court of appeal became necessary' afterwards to support church' discipline, and was actually established by.the Bishops of Rome, all history confirms, notwithstanding that they were. cut off so rapidly, having to sustain all the rage of Satan and the persecuting spirit of Pagan Emperors; and had to pass through the fiery furnace kindled by Jews, Heretics, and false Christians, during the past eighteen centuries ! ! ! I do not pretend to be a theologian, orother than an humble person who has read the scriptures and verylittlebeside, not even the recent pamphlets arising out of the celebrated PROTEST ! but, judging by common sense in the absence of history, I think the holy Prophet Daniel decides the dispute, indepen-. dent of the promises of Christ to Saint Peter, and of the consideration that the Christian church could not preserve that necessary. unity-one of her most essential marks-unless there was aPmnutAcY fixed somewhere, and invested with authority to de cide all controversies relative to doctrine and disci pline, the contrary.of.which would be to suppose the Church a monster without a head ! Daniel describes the fourth kingdom upon earth, which is generally admitted to'be the Roman Empire, " the stone, cut without ihands, which struck the statue became a great mountain and filled the whole earth :" 2nd chapter, verses 34, 35, 44, and 45. Now this evidently alludes to the Christian Church, "which shall stand for, ever," after subduing the Pagan Roman empire," 'and ;standing in its place and forming a kingdom which shall never be " des. troyed"--a if the providence of God had ordained that His kingdom should supersede the greatest of all 4he kingdoms on earth, the Roman; and that the banners of the cross should wave triumphantly over the Pantheon of Pagan gods and goddesses at Rome, the chief seat of Paganism I The holy 'prophet Daniel, after giving an .awfully sublime deieription of the Lord God sitting in judgment, "chap. 'vii, verses 9 end 10, goes on to give the in-, terpretation of the vision communicated to him by an angel, verses 18,22, 27, where it is expressly stated that this fourth kingdom shall be subdued and given to the saints of the Most High, meaning as well a temporal as a spiritual kingdom; and such precisely do we find Rome at the present day, and such has she been since the fall of the persecuting Pagan emperors. 'So much of a temporal kingdom as to be visible, and a spiritual kingdom limited only by the extent of the globe. We may gather from 'chapter li., verse 44, that the kingdom of the church would be in some measuresa temporal king dam, though it would be chiefly a spiritual one: the atone cut without hands, which shall break in pieces the fractional parts of which the Roman empire was composed; " and ii shala-tand for ever I" it shall esubdue (with spiritual weapons, meaning the sword of the gospel) the dismembered portions of that empire. It also inoforms us the period when this temporal and spiritual kingdom would be fimly esta blished, via., after the division of the Pagan Roman empire into ten petty states; and accordingly we find this to have been the case: for although Chris iian Rome exercised spiritual jurisdiction over the universal church during the reign of the Pagan emperors, yet its power was but imperfectly estas blished until Christianity wi?e"?iti~iced 'i'y Con stantine; and its temporal kingdom cannot be said' to have been confirmed until the time nes~tioned by 'the prophet Daniel, via., the division of thes.old Roman empire into independent states. Now, it may be fairly inferred, by the force of our own reason, independent of either history or tradition, that Saint; Peter, by Revelation, knew the various misfortunesa which would in after times prostrate, if not annihi late, the eastern church, and therefore he removed his SEE from Antioch, which was to fall, to Christian Rome, which, according to Daniel, would never be destroyed. He foreseen, by the spirit,that the Arian and other heresies, and subsequently the Mahometan religion of the sword, would be permitted by the in scrutable decrees of Providence to contaminate the Eastern and African churches, and overrun Asia and Africa; therefore he consulted the prophets, and placed his SEE in security at Rome. -The persecu tlon of the Pagan emuperors, and afterwards the ir. ruptions of the Goths under Alaric and' other invaders, prevented that regular communlcation with the See of Rome during the first centuries of Chris tlanity which might have otherwise been expected, of which disputants now endeavour to avail them *Some of our Correspondent's strictures are here omitted, as being more applicable to the Herald as It had been, rather than to our Contemporary as now conducted ;there is a de cided improvement in the tone and temper or the Herald; its politcs are also considerably improved and modified, though some of its "State prescriptions are still empirical enough. -Ba. selves; but beyond all doubt, suflicient remains in ecclesiastical history and records to show that the supremacy of the-See of Rome (not Rome itself) was acknowledged, and appeals made thereto by the universal church since the times of the apostles. And why1 Because she preserved the-faith up to the period foreshewn by the prophet Daniel, and which point of time, viz., about the year 600, is eagerly caught hold of by the enemies of the church, and of its unity, to fix the era of their pretended establishment of their favourite Antichristian king- dom ; because the church could not until then assume that station, both temporal and spiritual, promised by the prophets, and decreed for her by her divine founder. 'That this theory of theirs is ridicu lously absurd, evidently appears by the " signs of the times" at the present moment ! even putting aside all other proofs, and the more positive evidence of her continued holiness, and of her exclusive pre servation of the faith, untainted by any of the numerous heresies which afflicted, and subsequently extinguished, the Asiatic and African churches; founded also by the apostles themselves; the See of Rome is admitted, at all hands, to be the centre of unity, Let us now hear what the holy Gospel says, the eternal word ! of the eternal Son of God! which no sophistry can gainsay, no opposition coun teract:-St. Matthew, 16th chap. "Thou art Peter, and upon this Rock I will build my church, and the Gates of Hell shall not prevail against it !" (a promise of perpetuity to his successors) , and I will give thee the Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, with the power of binding and loosing." Now, it ap pears to me placed beyond controversy, that OUR LORD built his imperishable church, proof against Satan, upon St. Peter 'personally'; because in the same breath, he gives to him the government of that church, by handing him-what ? the keys of the citadel ? no, but what was infinitely greater than any human gift, the keys of the kingdom of Heaven ! Saint Luke, chapt. 22, v. 31 & 32 s-And the Lord said, " Simon ! Simon ! behold Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat; but I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not, and thou being converted, comfirm thy brethren." Here welhave the. Loan, of Lips, the ALPHA a nd the OMEGA, in the most solemn manner, acquainting Peter, that Satan desired to have him; why him in particular ? but that Satan as a spiritual being, by some means to us unknown, knew that the church of Christ was to be founded upon him; and there fore he wanted to sift' him like wheat ? as he formerly afflicted holy Job: but the Son of God interposed his almighty power, to protect Peter personally, and in him'his church; to protect his faith, that it should not fail; and He commissioned him to confirm his brethren. If this be not vesting a spiritual SUPRE- MACY in, Peter personally, and in his successors, I know not the use of language. Again, Saint Mat thew, chapt. 18, v. 18, our Lord gives a power of binding and lodseing generally to all his disciples; and Saint John, chapt. 20, v. 23, a power to forgive and retain sins; and Saint Mark, chapt. 16, v. 15, the mission-" Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature;" it is manifest they could not " preach to every creature," therefore, the mission included their lawful successors in the priesthood; else, the world would have been left destitute after the decease of the Apostles. The above joint commissions given to the whole of the Apostles, amounts to an absolute proof that the commission of supremacy to Saint Peter was a particular one, for he already partook of the general commission delivered' to the whole body. Saint John, chapt. 10, v. 9, 16, 27 & 28-"I am the door. By me if any man enter in, he shall be saved; and he shall go in, and out, and find pas. tures-the thief cometh only to kill and to destroy" -"And there shall be ONE FOLD and ONE SHEP HERD !" " My sheep hear my voice, and I know' them, and they follow me; and 1 will give them everlasting [life, and they shall not perish for evr ; and no man shall pluck. hems out of my lhand." Chapt. 14, v. 16,17 & 18, the Saviour promises the Holy Ghost, to abide mith them (his apostles) for ever! "I will not leave you orphans." In the above quotations from Saint John, we learn that Christ is the door, leading into his church, by which alone we we canenter, so as-to obtain salvation and find pasture; meaning sound 'doctrine s those who steal in by unlawful means, or climbio'ver the sheepfold, are accounted thieves, Who come only to kill and destroy, that is to devour the flock for tem. poralities, regardless of their spiritual welfare. And Ha establishes one only fold, and one only Shepherd -otherwise peace and unity, his constant advice to his disciples, could not be preserved, without a visi. ble head, to decide all controversies; and Ha pro mises evererlasting life to his sheep;' and that no man shall pluck them out of his hands, and they shall not perish forever! the Holy Ghost shall abide with them for ever I to teach and, preserve them in all truth-all absolute promises of perpetuity and infallibility, called by St. Peter, great and precious promises and liodeed, from the mutability of human affairs, nothing but Divine power could have maintained in the See of Rome an unbroken succes sion of bishops; or protection from heresies, for eighteen centuries past; amidst the subversion of surrounding empires and statesl Saint Paul, writing to Philemon, a brother bishop, says:- " trusting in thy obedience;" now this was exacting obedienme from a brother bishop, a fact denied by the Lecturer, The same HOLY AposrLa commits a charge to Timothy, to command and teach the sound doctrine.!be had learned from him; and to stir up the gift of prophecy and priesthood he had received by the imposition of hands, and to commit them to faithful men, who shall be able to teach olthre. He warns him that in after times evil teachers shall arise, having indeed an appsarance of godliness, but denying the power thereof; ever learning, and never attaininog to the knowledge of the truth; he cautions him to avoid these. No man labouring as a good soldier of Jesus Ohrist entangleth himself with secular business, that he may please Hom who hath engaged him. We learn from the above the power and practice of ordaining priests sod bishops, to preserve perpetual succession; and that heretics would arise, who would rassume the oppesarance of godliness by talking and preach oing, as if, Chrbtians, but who deny the power of religion and of its holy sacraments, even having the temerity blasphemously to turn the great mysteries of faith luto ridicule, because they do not attain to the knowledge of'th'e truth, for they will not; he condemns the interference of'temporalities with the doties of the priesthood. A more perfect picture could not be drawn of the present present hbiresiea I What, then, I ask, can be the obtject or motive of introducing such polemical disquitltions into this infant colony, other than to scatter the seeds of dis cord among its peaceable inhabitatitu Instead of all parties uniting their talents and energles to im-. prove the morals of the people, the fleHrald and his reverend coadjutors are striving all they can to taint the moral atmosphere with the pestiferous breath of religioes feuds and animosities, which serve only to give a distaste to the populace towards all religion and improvement, the evil consequences of which are most likely to revert upon the very mot which the authors ae endeavouring to uphold by such unholy meana ' What good, then, I repeat, have the colonists to expect, either social, civil, or religious, from such a publicationl I have to entreat your Excel. lency's indulgence for obtruding a polemical dis quisition upon your time and notice. So solemn a matter, is unfit for the columns of a newspaper. Your Excellency will acquit me, whose thoughts ramble into the ways of the world, from originating it; the fault rests entirely with the Protest and the Lectures. Let the consequences fall -upon the aggressors. I would with great deference remark, that the newspaper press has sufflcient else to do, if it does its duty, than to promote religious strife, and I should say the pulpit also might find more useful occupation then reviving obsolete misrepresentations and calumnies against the church of Christ. Hear what the hierarchy of old England is now doing and saying on this subject. See Chronicle Ist instant. " In the Bishop of Salisbury's sermon before the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London, he acknowledges the impotence of Anglicanism to carry to a distance the light of the gospel; he says with regret that our missions have no success, for want of unity. How can we hope to convert infidel nations without unity in Jesus Christ! We have only the deepest divisions, schism, and heresies to present to the world. Reli gion with us is only a nominal theory. Practice with us is dead, for want of unity., Great numbers are making advances to Rome, with an eagerness which knows no bounds !!! Without doubt the Bishop of Rome is the first bishop in the world !!! This Anglican Church has lived too long separated from the Latins, from the Greeks, from the world. There is division in her own bosom. She must have unity is her doctrines, and in her practices a real discipline, before she can offer herself as a model, or be a centre of unity." The Puseyites at Oxford are masters in the field ! They excluded Dr. Hampden by a poll of 336 to 219; a majority of 117 in favour of Catholic regeneration I The epis. copacy, which first with one accord condemned them, now unite, with few exceptions, in lauding their exertions I They do more-they endeavour to direct the movement, lest they themselves should be unhorsed. Oxford, Exeter, Glasgow, Llandaff, and Soder voted with the Puseyites The Bishop of Oxford, who first suspended the " Tracts for the Times," now retracts, in the most solemn manner, his first judgment. He says the principles of the Puseyites have spread far and near, east and west, north and south, wherever members of the Anglican church are to be met ! Despite their faults, the " Tracts for the Times" have exercised a happy influence ! How could,we mistake the regeneration, the desire of unity which manifests itself every where ! The sense of our culpable schism developes itself! We sigh after the discipline which we have almost entirely lost! Men wish that obedience to ecclesiastical authority be more prompt, and that the fasts and feasts of the church be better observed! that the sacraments be administered with more decency and respect; and that devotion and self abnegation become more general. He then recom mends the observance of lent, of holy week, the ember and rogation days, so'as to aid us to arrive by degrees at a daily service. *"Believe me," he says, " that which we stand most in need of is peace, to provide for the spiritual wants of a population which, through want of religious instruction, is pre cipitating itself towards Atheism. It is only by peace the church can prepare herself for the issue of the terrible struggle begun between good and evil, towards which issue events are hurrying us with prodigious rapidity." Thus, then, the Bishop of Oxford foresees a great change, and feels the neces. sity for it. The Bishop of Edinburgh has also adopted the line of conduct of the Bishop of Oxford, and the Scotch episcopacy have followed the example. The Bishop of London sanctions the use of candles in churches, admits the Church of Rome to be a true branch of the Church Catholic, and PEREMPTORILY DISCOUNTENANCES the Exeter Hall system of agitation. The 90th "Tract for the Times" says, the Thirty-nine Articles are capable of being reconciled to the decrees of the Council of Trent ! After this luminous expose of the sentiments of the Anglican bishops, how truly ridiculous the puny efforts of the Rev. .Lecturer and the PROTEST, to prop up a falling cause, must appear to sober minds uninfluenced by prejudice. Everything they con tend for with such pertinacity is given up by the English bishops; and still, in the very teeth of the so much lamented want of unity, they are widening the breach; as if an unaccountable fatuity, or a judicial condemnation was suspended over their heads. They are forming for themselves another schism-an Australian church, unconnected with Latins, Greeks, the world, or even the Anglicans, from whom they sprung. They seem well acquainted with a term in logic called Elenchus—a fallacious argument which deceives the hearers under the ap. pearance of truth. St. Matthew, xv., 13.s Our Saviour says-" Every plant which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up ;" what then can heretics and schismatics expect? and in xvi., 27-" And God will render to every man according to his works"—terrible sentence upon the fabricators of penal laws ! From the above extracts and quotations we may justly conclude, that the PULPIT and the PRESS can each find sufficient profitable employment, if so inclined, in giving useful instruction to the people; 'tis their peculiar province "To hold as 'twere the mirror up to nature; To show virtue her own feature, Scorn her own image; end the very Age, and body of the time, his form And pressure." To be efficient the PRESS must be disinterestedly honest, otherwise it cannot command respect; while it continues the tool of a prejudiced faction it must fail to be impressive or beneficial to the general reader. Even the Chronicle loses much of its salutary influence over the great body of the public, because it honestly avows itself the organ of a persecuted party, which was driven to adopt this means of defending itself against unjust as. persions, and cruel persecuting misrepresentations, and unfounded calumnies, after just emerging from a long night of gloomy affliction and suffering ! The colonial press must arouse 'itself from its present torpor; it must assume the proper position in society which becomes the "fourth estate'"-a mighty engine for good or evil. Its province is, to check the encroachments of wealth and power, to stem the torrent of popular passions and preju dices, and to protect rational liberty for the people. It enjoys sufficient liberty to achieve this nmost de. sirable end, without descending into licentiousness or personalities ; it should regulate, if not direct or lead, public opinion ; it should unite all parties in the state in one common bond for the general good. Union is strength; a disunited people never preserved their liberties long. The poet convinced of this truth, sung " Man like the generous vine, supported lives; The strength he gains, is from the embace he gives. Thus God and nature, link'd the general frame, And bade self-love, and social be the same" Unfortunately for Australia, our leaders for want of a master-mind to direct them, generally begin at the wrong end; they introduce the study of the learned' languages where they ought tlrst to teach the simple elements of the mother tongue. They lecture upon poetry, oratory, the fine arts, and papal jurisdiction, where they should firstinstruct the people how to improve their implements of hus bandry to raise food for man and beast, and to feed swine; they should first instruct the people to believe in GOD, the giver of all good. They en courage exhibitions of exotics and beautiful flowers where they should:first improve the culture of wheat and barley, and the breeding of useful stock, and the planting a peasantry in this desolate though beautiful wilderness. They may truly be called antipodeans to all that is done in Europe. All these matters should be attended to; after we have first secured food for our people, exports to enable us to pay our way, and accumulated public and private wealth to entitle us to the elegancies of life, and the artificial refinements of society. We encou rage polemical disputations about points of doctrine and discipline established eighteen centuries ago, before our people learn to know there is a God, or at least act as if they believed it; or that He com mands 'us to love HIm above all things, and our neighbours as ourselves, for His sake, as the GREAT FATHER of all. Instead of promoting active benevolence among each other, we are de nouncing one another, and suppressing the mutual goodwill and charities which should prevail among civilised beings, the children of one Gon, and the subjects of one crown. Let the labours of the paEss be directed in future to this end, to promote the welfare of the colony, and the morality and social happiness of the people, then; and then only, can it be said to do its duty townrds the public, and command that respect and usefulness which it ought to possess, and which it is so eminently qualified to acquire. The tone of the press must be raised above the present low standard, if it in tends to elevate that of the people. The PULPIT too, may greatly assist in improving the tone of society, by substituting the moral duties of man, in lieu of polemics, and thereby regain its dormant influence, and have no complaint of inattention on the part of their hearers. Indeed I feel persuaded that the Anglican Bishops would, at the present moment, solicit a union with their ancient mother, but for their large temporalities and their wives; even these cannot retard it very long. I sincerely trust his Holiness Pope Gregory XVI., will on so desirable an event meet their wishes half way, by conceding all he can to their prejudices. Respectfully your's, ARISTIDES. 