THE GERMAN NIGHT WATCHMAN'S \- SONG. (From " Souvenirs of a Summer in Germany.") | [A few nights since I heard a man's voice under the window singing a few simple notes. An hour flew away, and the song rose once more under the window. The singer proved to be the watchman of the little town, and his Nacht-lied, or night song, as it is beautifully called-a sort of hymn, each verse adapted to the hour at which it is sung. There is something delightful in this idea ; it is deeply characteristic of the spirit of natural religion which seems to pervade Germany, and the custom is primitive and poetical to the greatest degree. What can be more touching than to hear the guardian of the silent village, as he walks his nightly rounds, thus drawing a simple moral from the fleeting hours and invoking for the sleeping inhabitants the protection of that God who neither slumbers nor sleeps. The follow - ing is a translation.] Park, while I sing 1 our village clock The hour of eight good sirs, has struck. Eight souls alone from death were kept, When God the earth with deluge swept Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord through thine all-prevailing might Do thou vouchsafe us a good night I Hark, while I sing I our village clock The hour of nine, good sirs, has struck. Nine lepers cleansed returned not, Be not thy blessings, man, forgot. Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, &c.; Park, while I sing 1 our village clock The hour offers, good sirs, has struck., 7-12 precepts show God's holy will, Oh I may we prove obedient still. Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, &c.; Park, while I sing I our village clock The hour eleven, good sirs, has struck. Eleven apostles remained true, May we be like that faithful few ! Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, Sec. Park, while I sing ! our village clock The hour of twelve, good sirs, has struck. Twelve is of time the boundary Man I think upon eternity. Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, &c.; Park, while I sing I our village clock The hour of one, good sirs, has struck. One God alone reigns over all; Nought can without his will befall. Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, &c.; Park, while I sing 1 our village clock The hour of two good sirs, has struck. Two ways has man to walk been given, Teach me the right-the path to heav'n. Unless the Lord to guard us design. Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, &c.; Park, while I sing I our village clock The hour of three good sirs, has struck. Three Gods in one-exalted most, The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, &c.; Work, while I sing ! our village clock The hour of four good sirs, has struck. Four seasons crown the farmer's care, Thy heart with equal toil prepare Up-up-awake) nor slumber on The morn approaches, night is gone ! Thank God, who, by his power and might Has watched and kept us through this night 