MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS, and TRUTHS WORTH KNOWING. Vive la Bagatelle. They have in London and Paris a class of newspapers, or rather of literary jour- nals, which has not yet been produced in this colony. Their vocation is to laugh and satarize at every thing and every body, from the King and Queen down to the obscure oddities and absurdities that make their appearance in the petty courts of the metropolis ; from the grave doings of scientific associations, down to the blunders of justices or ambitious shop- men. All is fish that comes to their net; but it is to be observed, that the ridicule they scatter abroad is rarely or ever malicious, and seldom does more harm than raise a hearty laugh at the expense of the victim. Foremost amongst these stands the Charivari of Paris; and it followed, with no long interval between, by the Punch of London. As a speci- men, we give from the latter a broad " skit" at Mr. Warmer, who has for some years being making such a bother about his tremendous invention for blowing ships and fortresses to atoms. Punch says — We have been favoured by Mr. War- mer with an interview on the subject of his grand discovery, when the following dialogue took place between ourselves and the modem enthusiast, who only wants half a million of money as a "bird in hand" before he lets the minister know what he has got "in the bush," that is to say, the brains under his hair. Punch received Mr. Warmer in the office in Wellington-street. The time chosen was day-break, in order that the " great secret" might not be overheard ; and our boy ingeniously placed his cap over the opening of our letter-box, lest a syllable should escape through the aperture. Punch began by asking what the nature of the invention really was, when Mr. Warmer explained as follows : — " I take," said the inventor " an ex- plosive substance, and forming it into a solvent, I make a fulcrum, by an irregu- lar process. I then apply the whole to an opposing entity, and if that entity is a fleet or a fortress, I either blow it up, or do not." Punch — " Ah — ah ! I see what you mean; you dip the end of a diaculous preparation into a washy diluent, and having applied the phosphat of potatoes to the ammonia of pickled cabbage, you accomplish what you wish. That is it, if I apprehend you rightly." Mr. Warmer confessed that that was the nearest explanation he could give of his discovery. Punch — " And now—as to its powers. You undertake to blow up a fleet at six miles' distance!" Mr. Warmer — " I do." Punch — " Do you mean to say that you could blow the Bachelor steamboat at its moorings at Battersea, if you were standing at the six mile stone of the Great North Road?" Mr. Warmer would also pledge himself that, if £400,000 were first paid into his hand, and secured to him — Punch — " I see your meaning exactly : you have only to convey a steam of electro-gal- vanism down a given avenue of an unlimited length, and by placing the aim within your reach you may gain your object. For instance, you could empty the treasury at one blow, spiking the public pocket, and scuttling the pay-office, if every facility were given you. Am I right in the view I take of your mean- ing?" Mr. Warmer — Quite so. 'The fal- crum I wish to get into my hands is £400,000 ; and then I must be allowed to go a long way off, when I will give a specimen of what I meant by my disco- very." Punch — " You are a credit to your country. The trick, which I fully com- prehend, is a capital one ; and it is very hard that they will not give you an opportunity of playing it." The interview ended by Punch pro- mising to make the merit of the thing known in their true force, and advised that Sir F., Burdett should be applied to as the most fit person to advocate the claims of the inventor and the experi- ment." London is the largest and richest city in the world, occupying a surface of thirty-two square miles thickly planted with houses, mostly three, four, and five stories high; it contained in 1831 a population of 1,471,941. It consists of London city, Westminster city, Finsbury, Marylebone, Tower Hamlets, South- wark, and Lambeth districts. In 1854 there entered the port of London 3786 British ships, 1280 foreign ships; 2662 were registered as belonging to it in 1832 with 32.786 seamen. The London Docks cover twenty acres. The two West India Docks cover fifty-one acres. St. Katharine's Dock cover twenty-four acres. There are, generally, about 6000 vessels and 3000 boats, in the river, employing 8000 watermen and 4000 labourers. London pays about one-third of the window duty. In England the number of houses assessed are about 120,000, rated at upwards of five millions sterling ; about one-third are not assessed. The house rentals is probably seven or eight millions, including taverns, hotels, and public houses. The retailers of spirits and beer are upwards of 10,000 ; while the dealers in the staff of life are somewhere about a fourth of this number. Numbering all the courts, alleys, streets, lanes, squares, places, and rows, they amount to upwards of 10,000 ; and on account of the extreme points, no indi- vidual could pass, through them in the space of one year. — British and Foreign Commercial Advertiser. Marriage is like a silk purse — most agreeable to bear when there is plenty of money in it. Marriage is like a mouse- trap — once get into it, and you are caught; without the least prospect of recovering your liberty. Marriage is like a "rose- tree in full bearing" — how attractive are its flowers ! but the bright leaves fall after a season, and the thorns alone re- remain. Marriage, among fools, is like a boiled calf's head without the accom- paniment of brains. Marriage is like a roast leg of mutton on Sunday — served up cold on Monday — ditto with pickles on Tuesday — and hashed up on Wednes- day. Marriage is the sunshine of life — beneath its genial influence spring up the affections and noblest virtues of man, which in the sterility of selfish celibacy whould have lain dormant and useless. It is the source of virtuous pleasure in youth, the balm and solace of old age. — " Philosophy of Marriage," in Bentley's Miscellany. Ghost be hanged ! No such things in nature ; all laid long ago, before the wood pavement. What should they come for ! The colliers may rise for higher wages, and the chartist may rise for reform, and Joseph Sturge may rise for his health, and bread may rise ; but that the dead should rise only to make one's hair rise, is more than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. Well, if you come out of your grave to serve a friend, how are you to help him ? And if it is an enemy, what's the use of appearing to him, if you cant pitch into him ? — T. Hood in the new Monthly. " Papa, the temperance men say they put logwood in port wine. Is that what dyes your nose so red !" 