ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Imitation Punislhable.-Five paup were sentenced to tiurteen days' hard lal?ir at Leicester lately, for " laughing, lyra ih, and making a noise as if they were d 'ing cattle." Such amusements are prnct' edi b legislators in the House of Conumo s with imupunity. Ghent and Antwerp Railroad. pwards of ten thousand workmen areo be eml ployed on the Ghent and Antýyerp railroad, the works of which are to be flcedily com menced, and will last several years. "Oh, my dear sir," said a~poor sufferer to a dentist, " that is the seeccnd wrong tooth you have pulled out!" " Very sorry, sir," said the blundering operator, '' butas there were only three altogather when I began, I'm sure to be right next time !" A gentleman in want of a wife (not 100 miles from IWorcester) addressed a passion ate hillet-doux to a lady, and added this eligible postscript-" Don't be long in an swering, as I have somebody else in my eye. Singular Fact.-Mr. B. M. Swaffield, of St. Austell, hqs an apple tree in his gar den that lihas borne the second crop of fruit this season, and the blossoms for the third crop are now appearing. The second fruit was nearly as large, and quite as good in flavour, as the first. A Grateful Speech.- Gentleman,-My grandmiotl,'r was a very particular old lady, and always endeavoured to impress upon my mind that gratitude was the first of vir tues. A gridiron, gentleman, is a culinary implement, that may be easily seen through. WVould that my breast were as open, that you might, at one glance, see the sincerity of my grateful feelings. A gimlet will pierce a'deal boarsd, a.darning-needle the heel of a worsted stocking; lut neither are more penetrating than that kindness which you have shown me on this occasion. 'A f:rthing rushlight--a single fhrlhing rush light, gentlemen, would appear almostridi culous in the centre of a spacious roomn, but it gives all the light it can,..and deserves not to be laughed at. My gratitude, geiy tlemen, is like that spacious room--my eloquence, that fiiitlhing raishlight. Bread and cheese, gentliemen, is Isuiumble fam'e; but when .it is gienwith a'hearty welcome, it is better than venison and claret from:the table of a lproud man ; and, the guest will rather receive it itn the spirits it is given,, than for is 'real orth.. Ine like mannur, I[would crave your indulgent acceptance of vmy lunmble -thlinks-not less sincere for! \- their homeliness, and my ardent wishes r that you may all enjoy long life, health, and t prosperity. rt Music and drawing taiglitthere," as the man said whenilhe was pulling a wheelbar row through the streets without any oil on I its axles. "I'm laying, down the law," as - . the Blient said when he floored his coun. sellor. To obtain a Second urop of ?cans.-In- I stead of pulling up bean-stalks after they ]have done bearing,. cut them within four jleher of the ground, which causes theom to sond up a number of young shoots. Theso should be thinned out, and only one or two allowed to remain. It is said that Mehemot All is in. com 'nunication with Mr. Brunel, as, to the practicability of the junction of the Red Sea and the Mediterranean by means of a canal. 2'. Hood v. Ghosts.-" Ghosts be hanged! No such things in nature; all laid long ago before the wood pavement. What should they come for?l The colliers may rise for hi?dher wages, and the chartists may rise for reform, and Joseph Sturge may rise for his m health, and bread may rise, and the rising ge neration may rise; but that the dead should rise only to make one's hair rise, is more m than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. a Well, if you come out of your grave to serve t a friend, how are you to help him? And if it is an enemy, what's the use of appear- t ing to him, if you can't pitch into him?- 1 New -Monthly. Dr. Thomqson, of Smith County, Ten nessee, has invented a canon which may be fired fifty times in fifty seconds. The loads succeed each other by the revolution of a cylinder. The invention is said to be successful. .Distruining for Rent.-" Ten, where the devil did this turkey come from ?" "Why, sa," said Ben, "that ere turkey is been roosin' on our fence dis three night, and dis mornin' I seize him for de rent ob de fence I" The Mfalta Times of the 25th August states that it was sorry to hear from Tripoli, in the East, that the French consul and fourteen French subjectshad been murdered in that town. M. Desprez, a coachmaker at Ghent, invented and built, so long ago as 1835, a carriage, the driver of which may in a moment unyoke and let loose horses when going at their utmost speed, and then di rect the carriage at pleasure. This inven tion, which might have prevented the accident by which the Duke of Orleans was killed, has now been brought into use. The whole of Newgate-street is now laid down with pine blocks, much to the satis faction of the several inhabitants. The horrid din of market mornings is avoided, and the immense traffic going on is almost unheard. Every principal thoroughfare willsoon be overspread with timber; Scotch granite has given way to the produce of the Baltic, and Irish paviors are altogether at a discount. Of all dandies the most disgusting is an ugly one. Puppyism to be endurable, re quires at least good looks; although it must be remarked, that the generality of the breed are remarkable for the contrary. Railway Communication with Scotland. The act of Parliament for completeing the railway communication between the towns of Newcastle-on-Tyne and Darlington, by a railway to be called the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway, with a branch to Durham, and which forms another grand link in the great chain of railway communication with Scotland, having received the royal assent, time di rectors are taking active steps for carrying out the.undertaking. "Hear, Hear !"-Sheridan once suc ceeded admirably in entrapping a noisy Member, who was .in the habit of inter rupting every speaker with cries of" Hear, hear." Brinsley took an opportunity to allude to a well-known political character of the time, who wished to play the rogue, but had only sense enough to play the fool. " Where," exclaimed Sheridan, in continua tion, and with great emphasis-"where shall we find a more foolish knave or a more knavish fool than this ?" " Hear! hear !" was instantly bellowed from the accustomed bench. The wit bowed--thanked the gen tleman for his ready reply to the question -andsat down amid convulsions oflaughter from all but the unfortunate subject. New Omnibus.-There will shortly be started from Paddington some omnibuses open a new plan. They are to have three compartments, besides an outside, for 8d., 5d., and 4d. fares, and are to carry eighteen persons, and to have five doors; two on each side, and one belhind.-Railway Magazine. A boy who is distinguished at school for intense stupidity either turns out a very clever man, or a confirmed ass: there is no medium. Thompson, the poet, Dean Swift, Sam Johnson, Walter Scott, Adam Clarke, &c.;, when schoolboys, were reck oned the dullest of the dull, and had the reputation of being incorrigible blockheads. Practical Phrenology.-A n editor, some where out west, says that a schoolmaster in his neighbourhood, recommends to his scho lars a very fine edition of Combe on the head. He says they have the organ of in habitiveness too much developed. Srt a party, the otherday, soneodiscussion arose us to tho highest mountasin In the world :-," I don't know which is the highest motuntain," said 13- ; " but Nicholas Suisse is certainly the dccpest valet," 