THE NIGHT OF TERROR. I am a youth of gay and merry temper, full of fun and ready for frolic. I was born in the year 1819, and the present being Anno Domini 1840, there is ground for more than suspicion that my age is about 21\. I must confess to the soft impeachment—I am Major—"'Tis true, 'tis pity—and pity 'tis, 'tis true,"— (Shakspeare—hem.) "Murder," we know, "will out," and if I denied it; parish registers would prove it, and my word would be "done brown." Penbrok, in the north of Scotland, a 10,000 population country — though, to give the devil his due, I must add county- town—gave me to this world of woe; or, to speak poetically, was the "land of my birth." I was never considered, not even by my own parents, a bright genius—an extraordinarily talented boy—and have nothing to relate about my school days—miserable time of one's existence!—At seventeen, I was shipped per steamer to London, carriage prepaid, addressed to the care of Messrs. So- and-so, City, in whose counting house I had obtained an appointment, salary midship- man's half-pay, as a fag; and where I expected to learn the whole art and mystery of merchandize. "I sat upon a lofty stool, at a lofty desk—and with a clerkly pen. Began each morning at the stroke of ten." After a three years' solitude in the great City, I, with leave asked and obtained, committed my presci- ous body to the mercy of the "ocean waves," trusting that Providence and Captain Cook would, at least in 48 hours, land me on Scotia's shores. All went cor- rect—in 50 hours I was at home—the "home of my father." In two days I was sick and tired of Penbrok life, all was so dull and lifeless. There was no fun— no amusement. This would never do for me. Pen- brok is a scattered sort of a place; at the east end is a small lake or loch, of about two miles in length, and one in breadth. It was surrounded by hills; on the north side of the hill there was a small cave or hole, the mouth of which was covered by a large stone. This cave was said to be the abiding place of fairies, and no one would venture near it. Walking one day near this place, and wondering what I could invent to make the time pass pleasantly, it struck me "all of a heap," I would explore the haunted cavern. No sooner said than done; with a little exertion I removed the moss girt stone. On examination I found it was merely a hole dug out by the people of yore in search- ing for sand—so much for Penbrok superstition. Here was a subject for fun—capital—hurrah!—an idea had sprung up—I settled it in a crack—I then hurried back into the town, sought out my chums, Jack Laing and Bob Foster, and laid my bosom open. Need I say my scheme was unanimously agreed to? This was on a Monday—Thursday was the appointed day, or rather night. Everything prospered, and Thursday evening came in due time. We selected all our force and were ready for action. The night was unusually dark,— "At the close of the eve, when the hamlet was still"— Or between eight and nine, as (it was December,) we sallied out, laden with the necessary implements of warfare, and with our hearts screwed up to the proper key. When we got to the water's edge we took the boat (which we had conveyed there in the morning,) and rowed to the middle of the lake, where from time immemorial, a large pole had reared its head about an inch or more above the water. To this we fastened a kelpies head, which was a turnip completely hollowed with a man's face cut out on one side; and in the bottom of which was fastened a small piece of candle, with a quantity of gunpowder strewed round its base. After "lighting up," we pulled towards the shore. The sight was certainly a queer one, a head darting fire from its nose, mouth and eyes, sporting alone in its glory, in the middle of a broad sheet of water, in a pitch dark night. On reaching dry ground we hurried to our post like true soldiers, ready to fire at the word of command. Bob and myself concealed ourselves in the cave behind the large covering stone, leaving room at each side to peep out at. Our armoury consisted of a flute, which Bob was to figure away on, and a clarionet, for my own use. Before the stone were two saucers, filled with blue and red lights. Jack was on another tack, and was hid behind a large piece of stone or rock, said to have been thrown there by a giant of old, at the water side. His pockets were stuffed with fireworks; squibs, crackers, rockets et hoc genus omne. At his side lay a gong and speaking trumpet, (his father had been a sea captain ). Ecce "three merry boys." Our hopes were not long deferred—we had not long to wait cooling our heels—a man passing by gave the alarm. The report spread like wildfire, all was consternation and wonder. The townsfolk hur- ried down by hundreds to see the "spirit of the deep; or, as Cooper would call it, the "Red Rover." A great crowd was soon collected. We had a "full meeting," or rather "a brilliant assembly." Now was the time for course No. 2. Jack was on the qui vive—a red flame shot across the water; another and another still succeeded.—Jack was most liberally minded—rockets, squibs, roman candles, &c.;, were on the rise, and blazed in famous stile. The Penbrokites could not understand this—astonishment gave way to fear—wonder was dethroned by terror. The light Jack had thrown upon the subject was past their comprehension, for as Hood has it, "Each brimstone ball they deemed an eyeball of the devil." It was the light of other days, for nothing of the kind was, in the memory of our ancients, ever seen before. We her- mits now began our revels, in the shape of instrumental music; here was a now subject for fear, the fairies also were at work. I need scarcely say our overture was not approved of, it was judged damnably bad. This was past standing; so many cut and ran, quicksilver was at a premium. It was now a scene of great con- fusion; women screaming, children crying, men bellowing. "Such a row such a rumpus, and a rioting, never was seen." After the instrumental, we gave them a little vocal. Some one has written "Music has charms." Alas! for native genius; ours had none—never was an "ancient concert of music" less relished. A poet writes "Give me old music— let me hear the songs of other days." We gave them both, but they could not appreciate it. We could not say our audience departed "delighted with the entertainments furnished." Jack still fired away; his notions however, were too flash for the good natives; they fled helter-skelter. Jack now mingled in the crowd, and threw crackers amongst them; then resumed his post behind the rock, and began hammer- ing away at the gong. We now also set fire to our blue and red lights; the scene which here occurred beggars description—every one bolted—num- ber one was the order of the night—on one point all seemed agreed; namely, that the devil would most certainly take the hindmost. Many were so full of spirits they could not keep their legs, "ground and lofty tumbling," were most successfully practised— there was no backwardness in coming forward—it was a general movement, a popular commotion; without doubt a precious go, and anything but civil war. Jack was shouting through the speaking trumpet—our farce was complete—all was hurry-scurry. Jack now joined us, and we doused our glims; we still heard the retreating party. As good luck would have it, at this moment the head exploded with a loud report, and the kelpie vanished in a blaze of fire—this was seen by some of the aggers. The wind brought a shout, as of terror, to our ears; all was now dark and gloom. We bent our steps homeward, highly delighted at our night's work. Next day crowds collected in the streets to discuss the events of the past night. Many had never gone to bed, fear had so possessed them. Our secret has not yet been divulged, and the Penbrokites firmly believe in ghosts, goblins, and the fairies. 