CAMPBELLTOWN. HAWTHORNE is "wery wext," because Sat made known "HE WAS OUT"—Never mind my cock, if you behave yourself and take THINGS quiet and easy, Sat will let you know where MARY ANN got the £650, out of which, she gave Bob Nichols £100 to go up to Goulburn to bounce the J. P.'s, and get JACK GALVEN (her own man) out of quod, when he was IN for horse stealing. Fact—pitch her to the devil, she's a "Bad- un." BLACK GEORGE, of the Marulan "Wool- pack," had better mind his P.'s and Q.'s, and leave off swilling swipes like an old BOAR—or he will give him a touch on the "Liverpool score." Why don't you lather him Ellen? you are big enough. If the Berrima Clerk (of lamp-breaking and sign daubing notoriety) don't leave off "try- ing it on with the gals"—Sat will write to his father. Let the monkey amuse himself with his cornopean, and keep his NOSE CLEAN. HARRY THE FIDDLER had better bring back "Morris's" jacket, with the nine "bob" in the corner of the pocket. Mother "HENESY" had better leave off lushing; and Mister Henesy—his humbug- ging. MAT LEAN-ON is pressing too heavily on the "old gemmen's purse" wot lives at "BRISBANE MEADOW," while the "old chap" is making himself comfortable with Mat's "three feet nothing." SAT advises the "old Ghost" to cut THE CONNEXION, and get "nursed at HOME." 'Tis no use MAT to gammon the old BOY any longer about your SISTER.—Cause why, the old Lady don't intend TO DIE YET —although it was nearly a "GO" with the old cock sometime ago, when MAT drove the "VON 'OSS SHAY;" very luckily the OSS was drowned instead of the "old-un." OWEN LARRAGY, of Appin, better "look out," as "BIDDY" means to be revenged on him for the "old score," now fifteen years due. Old "BOB" must not "come it so strong" about being able to "come to the scratch." Its "no go," BOB—is the sarsaparilla out, old boy? That JOHNNY SCANLON, wot "was seven years at a Latin School," IS OUT.— Johnny, my pippet, who's taken care of the wife and children, while YOU are enjoying yourself in the City? The "Goulburn Hounds" are in general a shabby pack—those undernamed were pointed out to him as being the refuse of the lot, (although swells of the town) and if put up to sale, would not fetch a "tanner" a piece "ON THE GIBBERS." Stafford...A Foppish Hound. Sinclair...A Hungry Hound. Mean...A Mangey Hound. Cant-her...A Blotched Hound. Done...A Dirty Hound. Phil-ifs...A Cabbaging Hound. Fitzpaddy...A Muzzling Hound. Read...A Musical Hound. Hunt...A Lousy Hound. If young "FENNEL" don't mend his manners, and leave off swearing, he'll write to his father about his scampering tricks and lushing propensities. The "Goulburn B****Y F**L CLUB" is nearly "done up," since TOM BRODIE resigned the chair. Mrs. Rudd ought to keep a better look out after her maid, than to allow that flash scamp Bill Darsey, to be cooing and cudling her in the chapel yard on the sabbath day. We shall watch the proceedings of this youth, and if we hear any more of his threats shall send up one who will easily alter the execution of chastisement. 