$ortlantr« PANORAMA. An' event of- a tragico-comic ' character of a hue which no equivocation can con fuse, or the ghost Garrick . mock, has recently slipt from the dull circuit of eccentric monotony, and tangent horrors or hilarities have shot at random from \- our agitated sphere. Two persons hold- \- .fl»e«t«onabIe to the title jf.il , , gentlemen, and facing adherents to- the doetrine of win the horse or lose the saddle,' proceeded to its establishment in the following way, for the full elucidation of which we shall distinguish them by the characteristics, Great-A and Little-a. Gre,at-A and Little-a then, in conformity with diurnal usage, met at the temple of the ' Rosy God,' to cbaunt their vespers over a pot of stout, and drown the rem nants of the day's unhappiness, when (oh ! the fickleness of human joys) their luckless stars decreed to blight their immature felecities A colloquy, began, no doubt, in all the meekness of philanthrophy and friendship, warmed in the embrace of principles which could not possibly be ceded but to silly overweening self, and as the stimulant auxilaries roused the ga thering embers of debate, it heightened not seriatim, but by fearful leaps, until at last every one saw the proximity of something, but nobody could say what, when on it came all at once, like an earth quake — all thai bad preceded was but a preliminary growl, for just as Little-a was about to open the lid of his bread-basket, and articulate something pithy, he found himself, fauces extended, and the tip of his tongue elevated to the roof of bi- mouth, prostrate in a twinkling by the tnechanjcal agency of the dexter extensor of Great- A, whose optical apparatus was ogling about :him, the very essence of contumely, and having assumed an amount of dignity commensurate with his stature, and imbibed importance enough to create spontaneous combustion, was about to sing a requiem over his fallen enemy. 4 Hold hard t.here,' said Little-a, bounding on his Jegs as if by galvanism, (and Great -A thought it was, too) ' Hold hard, 1 say; two can play at this game, — here, Sir,' holding forth a little indescribable piece of dirty white pasteboard, minus a corner, as . if it had been the triangular fragment of a of a boncttshape, or some of the other variform spoils of a milliner's shop—' this, Sir, is my card, Sir/— evidently labouring, by the frequent repetition of the word 'Sir,5 to explain to his assailant that he intended- to-' treat him as a gentleman,'— ' here. Sir is my card, Sir, I say,' — looking as if he would chop his head o(f, if he had bis unlimited will with him — 'I am a gentlemen, and you shall know it before long' ! ! Great- A stood as erect as he could looked pallid, as reflective as circumstance would allow, vindictive, desponding, and many other ' unutterable things,' but still something must be done — there was a dilemma, and, for ought he could see, only one honourable method for this adoption. Aware of this, notwithstanding the obnu bilated condition of his cerebral radiations, be summoned all the fragments. of mag panimity diffused throuigh his coporeal structure, and concentrated them on one point— yes ! he succeeded in fixing the locus of his prowess on the lip of bis tongue, its customary location, which it J—J.LUfUJU.. "ad most unluckily vacated at this critical moment, and was on the very point of inercijessly annihjlat ng Littls-a, at one breath, wben a sinister though?, big with the prospect of what may po sibly be, dissipated it all at once and he was again upon a par with his antagonist ' Ah,' thought be, ' Ah, my poor wife and fau — — can I call it family and speak tru'h, for I must speakf .the truth, nnv that there is a-prysumptioiq that I may be about to — fn!l- — ves, truth- is my only religion, .therefore I must ; cherishrria'R-! r-said "he, in an audible "Whisper, as ..... he made a violent effort to resume hi3. former self— '-what has my wife and fa— — to do with it. I am a man, yes, and a gentleman, and must and will maintain unsullied the dignity of human kind called honor — yes, honor— honor is a grand princip!e, a sort "of tiling that we alt taik about but none of us can define; however, honor is a grand thing.' Thus soliloquising, Great- A luxuriated for an instant in mental abstraction, but the moment he raised his hitherto down cast eyes, the form of bis antagonist met his vision, and reinstrated him in -his previous position, and as he muttered to himself 'honor,' the refuge of a coward, he hurriedly inserted two of his sinister digits into the nether corner of his waistcoat pocket, and extracted there from the counterpart of Little-a's card, nd, as if. he had been in "a trance ever since that gentleman presented it, vocifer ated, at the very top of all the voice he had left, and here's mine' ! ! ! This mutual interchange of hostilities having at Inst been effected, seconds appointed, and the hour and place of meeting fixed, the embryo belligerents were safely conducted to their respective homes, the one like 'darkness visible,' disorder re-confused, the other like the fast receding pendulum, linking to his senses and a consciousness of future peril. - The seconds now hastened to perform the arduous task of arranging the lethal instruments which were to test this- probity of two such combatants as seldom meet, and then steadily continued their now ma- tutine libations, to the "Jolly God,'' until the dawn of daylight, wben we shall expect that «' every man will do his duty/' To return, however, to our high minded, noble, valiant, life-disdaining combatants whom we have lately seen over the thresh old of their respective homes.. Gje"at>A,- after many attempts, at last succededjin -ascending the stairs which lead ior'His"noc turnal dormitory, and, not without symp toms of reluctance yielded to the joint in fluence of Sleep and " S:out." Great A. had already had bis soliloquy about his wife and progeny,, but tender endearments of that nature bad never once crossed the breast of Little-a, until he wa fairly in bis domestic society — in bis own proper domicile, revelling in smiles, and dissipated solicitudes about his own wel- ware, when ail at nni>p. it. ra m» unnn him like a thunderclap, (and oh 1 what a stroke!) my wife and — and — and only germ of pos„ ferity., thought he, and the big tear trickled down bis cheek, and something thundered in bis ear, " honor.'' "Was that you dear?" he involuntarily exclaimed. "Which, dear?'' replied Mrs. Little-a. ' Ob, no thing,' '' said Lttie-n, as he fondled about her, and imprinted such an impression of a kiss upon her pair of ruby lips, as if i: were to be the last, or last hut one that he should ever implant on the better half of himself, f You look downcast," cried Mrs Little-a ; when Mr Liitle-a fondled again, and sobbed aloud, f'N — o — 0—0. nothing is the matter." " But there i« ' nripA Mre V.I1.W MAIW Litt!e-a, " and I must knqw it, I must, I must t bow unkind of you not to tell me ! I'll drown myself if you don't tell me, I will, I' will." Mr Little-a, partly from a dread of the consequences to bis wife, and partly from a hope that if she was in the secret, she would let it out, and mar the plan which; if carried into effect as origi nally intended, might cost him nothing less than life, which he now began to estimate rather more highly than he had doue same three hours before. However, just as he had resolved to communicate to her the whole transaction, " Honor ! ' thundered in his ear, in the.. same deep sepulchural tone as before " Demon !'» cried Little-a, " What infernal voice is that.' " Which, dear ?" said Mrs Little-a, who was entirely in the dark as to the invisible instigator of ber husband's folly. y N — 0—0 — o— thing," said Littlc-a, " I cannot tell thee ; I fain would, but 1 cannot; I am spell bound and bedevilled in a most extraordi nary way ; for the very moment when I am anxious to tell thee everything, some infer- nal, spirit bawls out " honor,'' and although connubial sympathy, and confidence and love demand an explanation, accursed 'honor' interrupts. However, if I must not tell the whole, I cannot but reveal a portion— enough los.et thy shrewd wits a guessing all the rest, and' rescue me from — " " Honor,'- bawled the hated voice, and Little-a swooned away, and as" he glided to the floor, he whispered in the ear of his wife, who had just run to his assist ance, " p. for pistol, p. for powder, p.fo. present at one another," " honor," bawlec the bated voice; price more, in the subdued tone ,of mingled rage and .desperation. " Pugh !" cried Little-a. who was by this time somewhat recovered. . " Too late — I've " been and done it," " Are you better, dear ?'' said Mrs. Liule -a, holding a bottle of eg'11 »de-.Colpgne betwee n her finger and thumb, ' I am dear, said, Mr Little-a. much better, dear; quite relieved, dear, let us ao to bed and dream, dear." To bed they went, invoking mental res pite from distraction in the oblivious can- opy of drowsy slumber, when i 1 a parox ism of contending feelings42 Mr Lutle a dragged from its ensconcement a tfittle pledge of conjugal felicity, and pouring on its puerile countenance such rivers af> pa ternal fondness as only afforded .aivaUdi'- tional stimulus to Mrs Little -£9' alrdy- cxcited imagery of woe; ' p for pistol, >p"Tor powder p. for paces, and p for pull-trigger, she muttered to herself, but in an agony of confusion she f manifest import ol her husband's P's and Q's and in a fit of desparation boltedJje- tween the blankets, exclaiming 'assist !me oh ye powers of somnolescenee'— - yes I will, I'll dream and I'll know it all. Du ring this time Mr Little-a had been care fully denuding himself of his waking ha biliments, the most unmentionable portion ofwhi'hhe had entirely forgotten to re move till he found himself reclining on his dowijy pillow and enveloped in darkness, when presuming that it was now too late 10 effect any improvement he fell as:fat asleep as honor' and his fears would let him. Mrs Little-a was now dreaming away at a fearful pace, she was right; it was the best for her to dream it all, lest an unkind world should have a pretext for stigmati zing the 'honor of Mr Little-a by insinua ting that he had 'peached' or as the vulgar phrase is 'shown the white feather!' How ever, Mrs Little a was now grown, very restless indeed, she dreamt that Great A, and Little-a each firmly grasped a pistol, that two extraordinary nondescript imp9, one like an overgrown razor grinder, and the other a cockney counter -jumper mea sured out twelve paces, at eaeh extremity of which were respectively deposited: Great A and Little-a when retreating behind a gum tree they bawl'd out 'jmll trigger, fire!' at the thrilling utterance of which al though it was but the phantom of a sound Mrs Little-a bounded on her legs wide awake in a moment, but indeliably im pressed with the certainty: of a 'coming event of which this was the shadow; with ;but little- delay at her toilette and mirror she wended her miry way to a certain re fuge for the unwary, and; in a- Tew seconds the whole corps of police werejassemlevd ;to; decide on the interpretation, ofheri last nights dream,, when of course itspoielti- tious nature was too. obvious to admit of inistake> and in the assurance of their firm- resolve to preserve inviola-'e the peace of Our Sovereign Lady, the Queen she hied to her home to hail the opening morning. Mr Little-a arose and having adjusted his habiliments and hair, he- proceeded, to imbibe the universal prelude in the shape of a cup of coffse, and, having been well assured by Mrs Littie-a that she had 'been 1 j » c . 1 . t ... » 1 Hiia uuuc u9 loriuwuu siruuea iiKe ano- ther chuckling biped to the field; there might be seen, stalking like a pair of smith's tongs with the rivet loope his an tagonist, pale and wan with the extactic excitement of the previous nighr, uname- 'iorated by any anodyne administration from the hand of Mrs Great A, who doubt !ess to that very moment reposed in bliss- full ignorance of the melancholy scheme;, tortured between 'honor and despair he approached the scene of action with the sullen resignation of a felon doomecf to an untimely exist from the world. The few remaining preliminaries being settled and the seconds having ingloriously receded behind the very gum tree which Mrs Little-a dreamed of, — 'bold hard' cried twenty voices at once; they were the Po lice with pockets full of 'riot acts' and hand cuffs, bent on capture, while the bellige- rant representations of humanty seemed as fully on pleading this undue interference as an excuse for perpetrating-IMnutua slaughter. A slight and well understood resistance endued, which terminated in the apprehension of the two principals and the sinister coat tail of one of the seconds, and after the whole party had notified a legal contract of future peacefulness, they joy fully returned to the enjoyments of domes tic smiles— " Rapture in presrnt and in prospect more No rival no destroyer no despair. For jealousies, for partings, groans, and deatb, A tiain of joys the gods alone can nanie." . 