WB announced last week the receipt of a letter front an old correspondent. We have now much pleasure in inserting it. Our valued friend refers to the stockade 6ystem in New South Wales, and suggests that wherever there are large bodies of prisoners congregated, they should be uoder the surveillance of a military party. There are many reasons which operate against the carrying into effect that system here. It would militate strongly against the maina . . . , . _ 1 taming the reg,mental mess system-that vexata guest,0 which has occupied a board of general officers for three years, and no 1 68 "ZV V 0 ™] , Tb M 7 I - bE E ?', d 1 on both sides ; no doubt it is object,onab e in many considerations and de6irabie ,n others. As a means of hanging officers j socially together da.ly, of keep.ng tbem together m barracks rather than that they should spend their evenings in taverns and more objectionable places, the mess system possesses many advantages. On the other hand the habit of expense which it generates in young men, of occasional inebriety and permanent inclination to ostentatious display ha«i„manycorpsheenproductive 0 much evil Sir C. Dalbiac, the President of tbe Hoard of General Officers, to whom this important subject was referred, is reported in the Naval and Military Journal to have adduced several instances of young officers sitting oncourts martial upon soldiers upon charges of drunkenness, the pri- i soners having themselves carried the officers : j.„„1r { ' . " ; drunk from the mess room to the.r quar- J tere. An old and experienced officer of this garrison replied the other day to an ob- j jection to mess public days, that thereby ; there was only one day in the week in which i a little extra expanse might be incurred and excess take place, whereas in rerri- i ments where an officer could entertain his j „j „_., j . , . " friend any day at the mess, every day, xn a I numerous corps and large quarter, would | be " a stranger's dag." There is certainly 1 something ia this. The journal above re- j ferred to in considering this question ob- I serves, that a great object. would be at- j tained, if the mess was confined to breakfast : and dinner only, all after dinner entertain- I ment to take place as in the colleges at ail ! the universities, in the private rooms of indi- ' viduals. This would certainly be a great j imnrovement. improvement, and would curtail rerv very m,,rl, much ji of general expensiveness, which instead of being compulsory would then become voluntary, and the officer of large private fortune, and he with only his pay would Btart upon equal terms, without -violation of feeling which few young men are equal to overcome. After all it is, as we have said, a vexata quest to. The other points of pur correspondent's letter are unanswerable. We inserted last week the plan of a gentleman of considerable experience and high respectability, suggesting the formation of a flying corps of a dozen determined police men, well armed, well paid, who should be ready at all times to proceed in any direction—conveyed thereto in carriages to which service every individual in the island should be subjected—in cases of emergency. This corps to replace the miserable despicable gillie-goulies st whom all the children laugh. Under a manly Government, this plan would receive instant consideration; but under one whose chief object is to indulge personal resentment," there is, we fear, no hope. IN otjr last number we ailuded'incideritally to that '* grand" Colonial humbug', the " grand Wakefield discovery, the Colonialsale-of-land-self- sapportiug system. Two colonies, South Australia and New Zealand, were, founded by'Mr. Wakefield himself, the, success of "which was to establish bis undying fame to posterity. Thatgentleman ppsBessed also the support of a great portion of the most influential of the London press. The Spectator {itself a host), and its twin- -brotber, the Colonial Gazette, weekly devoted many pages to induce emigration of the best sort—that which took capital with it. We ventured to oppose the 'doubleheaded giant, thirty years' residence in theEC colonies enabling us to be well convinced that, however new colonies may exist upon the capital which they bring with them, unless'it Is replenished from time to time, or they have the support of a fostering government, they must undergo great deprivations, if not absolute want—in a word, that the self- supporting system is neither more nor less than perfect humbug. -The " Wakefield " London journals first insisted that the sale of the waste lands of these colonies would provide funds, not only whereby to continue a constantly running stream of emigration, but that the' labour of the emigrants would support itself. When experience in South Australia (Mr. Wakefield's first colony), began to show that this principle was anything hut borne out by practice, the Wakefield journals began to shift a little. " Oh!" said they, " of course we intended that emigration of labour and emigration of capital should go hand in hand." The "grand" dinners, "grand" speeches, " grand " names—peers and commoners of the first rank and influence, produced a delusion which obtained, for a time, the emigration of both labour and capital. The progress of time showing, however, that even this " grand" assistance of the ' grand " plan failed of the predicted success—that, instead of " self- supporting," the compound word "self-consuming" was more appropriate,—the Wakefield journals then began again to shift. " Oh!" said they, " it is quite true that we have had both emigration of labour and emigration of capital; but the grand plan has not had fair play, (these are their words—*• FAIR PLAY "): we always intended, of course, that the grand system should have the Government support!!!" Now, if ever there was an illustration of the familiar word " humbug," here it is! Why, the very essence of the "grand" plan was described in its denomination— the " self-supporting system !" If self-support means to be supported by the Government, there is an end of all intelligibility of expression ; yet the Spectator (and its twinbrother), certainly one of the ablest of the British periodicals, an honour and an ornament (speaking generally) to the newspaper press, committed this radical blunder. Thev first insisted that Mr. Wakefield was entitled to the "immortal" honours which were daily unsparingly showered upon him for the " grand " discovery that colonies could be founded which would support themselves; nod, when that principle is found to be wholly a failure, they coolly turn round upon themselves, and say—self-supporting means the supportof theGovernment!—the original "grand " feature of the " grand" plan having been that their self-supporting colonies should be wholly independent of any Government whatever!! We are induced to these observations by the ,<miii.uwuic lamentable juicjifireucc intelligence which u 11 luu has ana rere- Cently been received from all the neighbourmg Wakefield colonies. We will commence with South Au6traI;Bi Mr. W a k e. find's maiden attempt. We extract the f o »<>™S ^ m the Southern Australian-be it recollected, the Government paper-the semi- official of that colony :— w h a t , w o r l d o f i n r i d e " t h of Wednesday evening (a ball at Government house in anniversarv celebration of the foundation of the colony) have produced—the anxieties the roughing—the social intercourse, free from formality and restraint, of the first year—the Ming-, speculating, ostentatious rivalry th o f whieb succecde(1 il > Ula t »g e «> sought af U ' r some economists, when high fevcr,as sure to exhaust the body "politic as ague to the natural body. | Then came the period of collapse dishonoured. bills, cash payments, general distress, and a ' most universal insolvency—when society red t0 ?PP™ nearly torn asunder, and social ,n^''co ur se of every kind was almost at an end; "'V' 6 ".^ !' ,mt P ™ ^ ^ convalescence—when the colony, with only trifling extraneous assistance, and in spite of bankrupt credit, has contrived to grow enough food for the consumption of the succeeding year, to prepare the soil for a future crop of at double the amount, and to export wool, oi l an(1 otber ' products, sufficient, or nearly so, 1° P urc l >as ® „ t,ie articles of import which will "T"! -If'" u lo Me pioneers—to those to whose enterprise the colony is indebted for its existence, who have witnessed and participated in all its privations, its struggles, and its reverses—the present prospects of the colonv must afford an almost unmitigated subject of congratulation, is lrue our privations are not yefterminated ~ our Esif -denial must still be exercised, J hen come E 0 ™ e observations, too long to <f tract - u P on the non-payment of the bills u P on the H o m e Government by Colonel Gawler, when Governor, in pavment of BOme of tll e expenses of tbe " self- •supportmg " colony. The following paragraph, however, exhibits the substance of the whole:— With an earnest desire to do all in his power to benefit all classes of the community, His Excellency the Governor regretted that it was not in Lis power to provide for the obligations which had been contracted before his arrival in the province. Of course, delay in the payment of these outstanding claims would be felt severely by many of the colonists, but it was hardly to be expected that he should render himself personally responsible for the acts with which he had nothing whatever to do. Were he to issue bills in liquidation of these claims, the probability was that they would not he honoured ; .and he was determined, not to put his hand to any thing of which there could be a doubt. Whatever his Excellency the Governor could do, in accordance with his duty and instruction;, in representing these claims to her Majesty's Government, he should very wiiiingly adopt.. It is now thus rendered quite certain that the "grand self-supporting system"—that wonderful discovery which obtained for Mr. Wakefield so much honorary celebrity, and so many more substantial benefits—is a fcilnre, a whole foilure, and nothing but a failure—that the support (that is, the expenditure, more or less as occasion may be, and inasmuch as it is more or less, so advances the prosperity of the . colony) of a fostering government is absolutely necessary to the existence of every newly founded couutry. South Australia was actually expiring from want, when Colonel Gawler boldly drew bills upon the home government to afford temporary relief. "My Lords," those inexorable despots of the Treasury, dishonoured those bills upon the principle, never deviated from, of their having been drawn without authority, but Lord John Russell, seeing that unless Government afforded relief, some thousands of British subjects, who had been induced to emigrate to a distant land by a delusion which the Government itself had, tacitly at least, sane-, tioned, and several of its members (in their individal capacities as they state, but not so in the public opinion, when their invitations to " the grand Wakefield entertainments" were issued to them in their official capacities, and as such accepted by them) loudly eulogized—Lord John Russell went down to Parliament, and stating the actual necessity of tbe case, took the colony into the bands of the Government, and thence practically exhibited the fact that "the grand self-supporting system" was no more. We now come to New Zealand, another of Mr. Wakefield's colonies, which was to exhibit to the world a splendid proof of the unerringness of his " grand discovery." Never perhaps in all tbe history of colonization was any new country established under such favourable auspices. Never were sucli exertions made—such large subscriptions obtained—such influential persons enlisted—in a word, such means adopted to carry any plan into effect as in the furtherance of New Zealand colonization. Mr. Wakefield had the advantage of his near relatives being entrusted with the chief rule of the "expeditions" which were sent forth with all the energies which Britain, perhaps of the whole world, can best exert in support of any plan which she adopts. If ever the self-supporting principle could by possibility succeed, it was under such unprecedentedly favourable circumstances. And what has been the result ? The intelligence brought last week by the Sisters is distressing in the extreme! The bubble has burst! the British Government must, as at South Australia, again step in to save the " selfsupporting" emigrants from actual starvation, or the worst of calamities must ensue ! So long as supplies were from time to time sent from England, so long matters went on tolerably well; but when the English providers began to discover that "returns" neither did nor could airive, that the " selfsupporting principle" involved if necessnry a " principle" of engulpliing all which came within its vortex, tbe zeal for sending forth argoes began to slacken, and when the tide of ebb replaces that of flow, its run is mucb more rapid. We deplore to learn that great distress exists in all the newly founded British settlements throughout New Zealand. Numbers, who have expended their all, would pass over to these colonies, abandoning what they now apprehend to be irrecoverably lost; and lost assuredly will they be unless the . British Government again steps in in support of so many thousands of British subjects, who confiding in the " selfsupporting" delusion have gone with their families to the Antipodes to starve! We refrain from inserting a ttiore particular detail of the existing distress; it exhibits as a whole an appalling picture, the individual sufferings must indeed be dreadful. If we turn to Port Phillip, another colony established certainly not under the grand Wakefield plan, but upon one in some degree resembling it, what is the state of things there? In many respects worse, much worse, than either at South Australia or New Zealand. But the evil has not originated in the same causes—on the contrary it has been consequent upon a system of delusion, in many instances self originating -in most, practised by desperate and un" principled adventurers who, without reference to the future, are quite satisfied to satiate their appetites with thepresent. Tiiev knew that if it continued, thev would be so much the better—if it demolished itself, as such a svstem could not but do, thev could not he 'the worse. Even its Ruins' wou d benefitthem, for thev would gain (theycould not lose) in the scramble. Those who will suffer are the men of property mostly in the • • 1 y colony, who, induced by the -- prospect of large gains, gambled (for so it was) in this expectation of making them. They have stood the chance of the die, and -nd it is Lagainst ; J them. The state of Melbourne, as related by all without exception who daily arrive or return here from witnessing it, is deplorable beyond belief! It may be in eome degree understood by its newspaper press, generally an accurate index of the condition of the community it represents. Perhaps in no part of the civilized world is so disgusting a picture uf personal crimination and recrimination presented to the public eve. So anxiously desirous are the colonists of Van Diemen's Land, particularly those above referred to who EO improvidently embarked their canital in tbe pntlpini, 11 their capital in tbe enticing "speculation"- certainly enticirig to those wbo are acted upon by the desire of large gains-that we > have beard of immense sacrifices = offered to get rid of property at Port Phillip. One gentleman, it is unnecessary to mention him, the fact is generally public, offers property which actually cost bim sixteen thousand pounds for eight hundred! Another offers an excellently situated grant of land of one thousand acres, with an unlimited run, an almost unnumbered flock of sheep, a large herd of cattle and of horses, wjtb a complete "homestead" establishment, for the sum which the land alone cost him, willing to sacrifice from eight to ten thousand pounds! Manv other similar instances are in the knowledge of every one here. In tbe meantime. Van Diemen's Land, suflering- of course under the geuerai reverse which has affected so senouslv the adjacent colonies, is nevertheless comparatively in a healthy condition. That much individual soffering will have to be undergone in consequence of the imprudent borrowings at heavy interest, and from the depreciation in tbe price of prodnce which has unhappily taken place, and—last, though not least in cpnsfcqoence of the state of luxurr andextravagance in which too many have per-' mitted themselves to indulge—that much in] dividual suffering will have to be undergone in consequence of these improvidenciea is undeniable. But it is the individual alone who will suffer: the Colony, as Such] will not; in lhe slightest degree, retrograde J and eren <the apprehension, of these fndiviJ dual sufferings becomes dally less aid lesl felt, in consequence of the considerate con] duct, not only of "the banks, but of tha mortgagees. The " nursing" system, wherg the determination to pay is evinced in the! slightest manner, has been generally adopted] and with the most vivifying effect. Where the inclination to pay die whole is evinced by payment of a part, we have heard -no 1 instance (speaking, of course, generally) of " time " being refused. The covenanted payment of heavy interest has been, if noi actually reduced, not exacted; and a higher rate than 10 per cent, upon real security is now never demanded. The mistake is now discovered, that, when money has been obtained at 8 per cent, upon bill security, 12 and 15 has been demanded upon real security. The converse of this, being the true principle in monetary transactions, is now generally adopted. All the colonyrequires is nursing forbearance on the part of the creditor, and industrious economy 011 the part of the debtor. These principles exhibited on the one part and strictly adhered to on the other, and Van Diemen's Land will show itself to be in a condition infinitely more really prosperous, as it possesses greater capabilities, than any colony of the empire. THKRB can be no doubt that religious discussion comes not within the category of ordinary newspaper animadversion. Not so the recording important events consequent thereon. A mighty revolution seems Elowly but surely proceeding in the forms of worship of the great Christian world. It is generally known that Dr. Pusey, an eminent Divine of the University of Oxford, has established a party distinguished by hiB name. That party has extended very widely, several of the most influential of the Bishops having adopted it. Its opponents assert that it is so strictly a modification of the Church of Rome that its success would destroy the effects of the Reformation. Neutral observers see in it a probability of,the producing that great purpose to which, they assert, no real Christian can seriously object, the reconciling all differences between the original Parent Cburch and its " reforming" offspring. The two essential dif- ferences between them, in support of which respectively so much blood has been spilt, are shewn by the Puseyite system to be more nominal than substantial. "Auricular" (" Aural" according to the Eclectic) confession, certainly they say, comes not within these admissions, but tbey contend tiiat absolution is a portion of the Protestant Liturgy, as the " actual presence" is admitted in tbe Protestant Catechism. These are Eome of the leading points of the " Tractarian" (Puseyite) disputation. Amongst the outward practical, forms, the restoring of Churches to their original interior "fitting up," by the abolition of "Pews," is a subject of such general approbation, the celebrated PhilpottB, Bishop of Exeter, leading what "the 2Vmes," the leviathan organ of that rapidly increasing party, calls " Anti-Pao-sites," that there can be no doubt the greatest part of the Parish Churches in the United. Kingdom Will shortly adopt the Cathedral syBtem, which we need not say, admits not of " Pews." It would seem unquestionable that when the humble human being goes to the public worship of his Divine Creator, class distinctions of any kind are something more than inconsistent with a purpose which presupposes the most perfect humility. The Bishop of London (Blomfield) has recently published his annual charge " Ad Clerum." The Times insists extracts from it. It exhibits " adhesion" to Puseyite-ism to the largest extent. We have been kindly favored with a number of the Oxford Herald, in which extensive extracts are made. '^"rr'nTr^'" T T * ar e .™ aae '. T , hc ^ J ^ ^ L t . ^ S m L m I T l u certamly un- « tnl d ,1 k r « e I t h e . C h u^' « f I T A ^ " T ' ? 8 " the ™ e f can,lles ! "J ' I Jt "Ip**™ ! 5 ^ ^ T ^ T ' he , C1 ' urc u\ of : be r branch of the Cathol.c ' nil™ ,1, , ad m ! 8E,0, ( ° f tbe ' ,0 p '. the ^'o^lv opening the door to discussion as to which Church is the | "branch"—which w„ ,, . , the .. tree} > ^ . . I ^ ^ ^ , th \ firet 0PP°^nity of C 0 W W S tbe ^ ^ referred to. A CORRESPONDENT enquires what has become of the English whalers! We see the harbour of our noble river Derwent almost blocked up with the French and American whalers, splendid ships of large size, coning here to refit, but not one single British whaler. What has become of them? Surely if the fishery in the Pacific can be a prpfit- ^ble trade to those great maritime rivals of Britain, it must be equally so to Britain. Or do the foreigners afford protection to that enterprise which Britain withholds T However that Iacl fact may be, the the ot other is not ' h <* >^ot r6 Britain hlLlf £ ? ct& "n W . Pacific whale fislerjr would seem to be no more. So then, it has come at last! He ticvernment House clique have at lengUrjmt forth in the semi-official the long expjeted "manifesto," as to tbe Montagu despt A." The editor, however, evidently ashamed of it—-particularly of tbe illustration wh h it exhibits of that characteristic which apt. Montagu so severely denounces in hisfeply through the Under Secretary of Stat to Lord Stanley's official communication t the final decision of tbe Queen's Goverai;ot, does not allow it to carry the editorial st np. It appears, therefore, in the equivocal rm of an anonymous letter, bearing neverth ess internal evidence of tbe unite derivati as conclusive as had it been dated openly om the Government House. The rancoroi resentment which is now felt towards 3rd Stanley is with difficulty restrained v bin the bounds of decorum; that which ipt Foreter .knows (or'ought to know) i Sid has been, from the day pf Cept. Mon -ti's rraioval, felt towards Ijim, is induk ' in without restraint. A production sn a« this requires extended reply, particali r inorder to correct tbe wi stataKenit 1 lClv as usutd with all from the same "source, pervade it throughout. The clique commences vrifh one -of those self-contradictions which writers who have onlv Misrepresentations to depend upon universally fall into. Thus they make reference to the " despatch :"-— " 1 find that much stress is laid by the friend; of Captain Montagu on llie contents of- a. " despatch received by his Excellency, which is said to condemn his conduct in no measured terms. I say, is said to do so. In the absence of the deepatch ilselj, Ican he no judge of the fact A few lines further on:— " The friends of Captain Montagu have said tliat fliey would publish the despatch. They have not done so. 1 do not think they will. J have since seen the despatch—so have many others: it is no secret." Comment upon this would be a waste of words. The clique are right in their iirst assertion. They have not seen the despatch. We assert—and we defy any one of them to corae forward, under his own signature, and deny it—we assert, positively, that Sir John Franklin has not shown the despatch to anv one of them! His Excellency has no doubt—to use their own words—read to them, or to some of them, "isolated extracts" but to not one of tbem has the despatch itself been ever communicated— not even to the Executive Council! The oath of the Executive Councillor ordains secrecy as to everything which takes place before him ; but there can be no secrecy as to what does not take place. .We assert that the despatch has not been communicated even to the Executive Council. It had been expected that, the Legislative Council sitting when it was received, it would, with that manliness for which the maritime character is ordinarily distinguished, have been at once placed on the table of thai body. No: not even the " garbled extracts," which the clique complain " have been put forth from time to time by the public journals," could pique Sir "John Franklin into that plain and straightforward course which would at once have Eilenced all misrepresentation — the publishing the despatch, whereby both its " tone and tenor " (the clique cannot depart from that expression) would have been open to the public observation. Why lias not that manliaess of conduct been adopted ? It dared not! To publish the despatch, and to resign the government bv immediate embarkation while there was a single vessel of any sort in the harbour open to engagement, must have been simultaneous ! The clique confirm the previous assertion of the semi-official, that Sir John Frankliu's policy in the removal of Captain Montagu " has been concurred in." " I," say the clique, under their anonymous signature, " can bear witness to the fact." An anonymous " witness ! '" Of what weight would be the testimony of a thousand such ? If they have " seen the despatch," they have in their own power the means of furnishing credible testimony—not that of a ghost— the very shadow of a ghost—not even so much ! Let them publish the despatch, if they dare ! They assert that the removal of Captain Montagu has been sanctioned by the Secretary of State. We deny it, and we call to the proof. It is for the assertor of any affirmation to prove his assertion— not him who denies it. The negative" does not admit of proof in any case. There is perhaps some exception to this the general rule. If an assertion ie broadly and pub • licly made against any individual, maxima tnagis, so high a functionary as the Representative of the Crown, that the Crown, by its principal functionary, has transmitted to him a condemnatory communication, the person so accused possessing himself, in his own power, the means of at once refuting the charge, is bound himself to prove the negative ! We assert that the statement of the clique is misrepresentation!—that the removal of Captain Montagu has not been concurred in. On the direct contrary, we assert, and we so charge the truth to be, that the Secretary of State, in the despatch, tells Sir John Franklin, that .he has wholly and entirely failed to justify his removal of Captain Montagu ! More—the Secretary of State makes that communication in those words, with the bitter reproach in addition, that he is desirous of sparing the feelings^ of Sir John Franklin! What is the inference?' That, but for that desire, the reproach would be in terms which Lord Stanley, in his generosity of mind, is unwilling to-use, hut which he cannot but suppose Sir John Franklin will at once understand. We have before alluded to the fracas in Pall Mall, brought before the United Service Club, at which one gentleman said to the other— " Consider yourself horse-whipped!" The clique charge Lord Stanley with not writing his own despatches. That the despatch, " suck as it is," say the clique, was composed by a clerk, with the assistance—not of Lord Stanley;" and they go on to charge the clerk, " the underlings of 4he colonial department," with being tools of "Sir George Arthur, and his instruments, •whose policy it has always been to conciliate . -them." This blow at the absent Sir George jirthur, who is far awav unable to de end iiimself, is as uncalled for, as it is ungenerous—as it is unjust! Was it by means of underlings that thateminent person obtained jtire high honours which have as unsparingly •as deservedly been showered upon him in J&ritain; ? Was it by the underlings of the "Colonial -office that the East India Company •Wre induced to select bim from a host of '-applicants as the most 'fitting to whom to •cbnfide their most important Government ? J3tit the clique charge Lord Stanley with •*jot writing his own despatches; probably with not even signing them ! Is his lordship's signature that of an " underling ?" Ho the clique measure Lord Stanley by the Itandard of Ibeir own master ? No doubt Sir John Franklin has never in any one ingle instanoe written or even dictated a Jespatch, and do they charge similar •tyte leave the word to themselves to fill up jit their pleasure) to Lord Stanley? This fierhaps is conciliation of that nobleman, or fcnore probably they consider the case desjierate, and they gave way unrestrainedly to fheir resentment accordingly, j The clique evidently "by authority" enumerate carefully and" seriatim the-charges {preferred by Sir John Frankliu against Caplain Montagu, those openly prefeirod against hfip, and those, we have repeatedly said, so fangenerously preferred behind bis bock— irhen he was on the voyage home—unpre- Swred .tq defend himself against them—and ungenerous! in defiance of Sir John Franklin's written assertion to Captain Montagu that he had furnished him with all the charges he bad to make agaiust him. Amongst those was—what the clique now re-iterate—" his Jtnown counlennncc and intimacy with those who were innst violently opposed to and abusive of his Excellency both in his public and private ca-" parity—bis more tlian suspected approval of the parties, and his evasive, conduct when an opportunity of denying the charge or leav? ing from its commission was afforded." Here we have Mr. Henslowe himself! So then the chief public officer of the Government —the Colonial Secretary, of twenty years' standing in the colony—because be would not submit to be schooled—lectured by a new comer—an unknown person of no recognfzed official position—the private clerk (paid by the public certainly) of the Lieutenant-Governor, for lie is no more — a person whose only duty is to copy letters, write them if his master cannot—who in a word has no responsible official station whatever in the Government, certainly not anything like so much as that excellent man the worthy master of the c ;remonies Serjeant O'Bovle—so then because the first officer of the Government would not submit to be schooled by a person who happened to be the Lieutenant- Governor's clerk—with whom he Captain Montagu having no private acquaintance, yet thought proper to write to him a familiar private letter reproving him as to his conduct in respect to a public journal, and the gentleman who conducted it—because that the Colonial Secretary felt that the Governor's clerk, who had no public duty but to ofiev his master's orders as the under butler would do, had taken a most impertinent liberty with him in addressing him unauthorisedly a private lecture ns tQ his deportment, the treating such impertinence as it deserved is to be made a serious charge of "disrespect" tp the Lieutenant- Governor! " No!" considered Lord Stanley, "I cannot see in this anything but that manly dignified comportment which a gentleman, born, educated, and accustomed all his life to the best society wherever hiB fortune placed him, should unquestionably shew when impertinently thus assailed. And in this, as in every other instance, you. Sir John Franklin, have failed to justify your removal of Captain Montagu." The receipt of a copy of the despatch is a source of bitter mortification, and Captain Forster is severely and very unjustly assailed because that the clique, to use their oivn words, "suspect it to have been received by him alone." The clique are mistaken. Three copies of the despatch we know (how many more we know notj to have been received here, besides one by a gentleman at Melbourne. And what then ? What are the facts ? A copy of the despatch to Sir John Franklin is transmitted to Captain Montagu as being the best method of making him acquainted with-the way in which the decision which Lord Stanley had arrived at had been made known to His Excellency. Captain Montagu communicated this, as he bad an .undoubted right to, and as it was undoubtedly forwarded to him for the express purpose that he should do, to his friends. They communicate it to ther friends here,'and it obtains publicity, and again we ask, what then ? The clique well know that but-for Lord Stanley having, with that open manly candour which distinguishes him, transmitted -a copy of the despatch to Captain Montagu, it never would have been heard of licte 1 It would have been placed by Sir John Franklin in the secret rece'Eses of hiB own cabinet, or that of another individual brought we consider anything- but correctly by Ilis Excellency into the affair, where it would buve remained unheard of, and the decision of Lord Stanley totally unknown, unless that Captain Montagu's promotion to the Cape would have made it understood. Lord Stanley's verbal communication to Captain Montagu would have been bravely denied; a victory would have been proclaimed, where a defeat, a most humiliating one had been experienced. It is really laughable to xeid the lamentations of the clique—their miserable, despicable references to the bushrangers ! " Is this," suy they, " a time to bring - Sir John Franklin's Government into disrespect, when prisoners are poured by thousands on our shores—when bushranging has agaiu commenced?" The miserable clique! Why was not the despatch received by Cap'ain Montagu's friends long before the three " bushrangers" were out! Could Captain Montagu or his Friends in England have known that they would be out when they transmitted the copy of the dispatch 1 And what if tbey had 1 Were they to keep back information of the honorable acquittal of Captain Montagu of charges seriously affecting his honor and character, because it is the policy of the Home Government to throw thousands of prisoners on our shores, and that three bushrangers are out? If Sir John Franklin disapproves of that policy, has he ever remonstrated against it ? We assert, positively, that not one line has his Excellency ever addressed to the Home Government on the subject! Private- intrigues to dismiss public officers, long des- [ athes consequent upon those intrigues— the expression of private feeling, to gratify private resentment, originating in private causes, may have occupied miles of paper and rivers of ink ; but has one single despatch been transmitted by his pxcellency (we of course say not, compose^) on . the subject—the serious and important subject, affecting so seriously as it does the prosperity of the colony, in its present distressed state, of the pouring upon our shores the thousands of prisoners of which the clique now complain, through the same official organ of the Government House ? Captain Forster"was told long ago in this journal that he was a doomed man, "We told him so when Dr. Mulligan superseded him in one of - his offices; tell bim so now as to the other. He ina#; rest gesured that opportunity only is ftiapting to strike the blow. He may cp|i}fort himsplf with the knowledge that the band of friendship is held out to him—be forgets the French adage " Reculer pour mieux santer." So it was with Captain Montagu. The little gilt-edged notes—the " Dear Mr. Montagu," were contemporaneous with the Henslowe important interference! ' The clique favor Mr. Hamilton,. another ahswt man, with a little of their resentment, we suppose, because he is known to he Captain Montagu's London agent, and supposed to be his friend. The blow falls harmless, Mr. Hamilton is beyond.their reach. The attempt to injure Captain Montagu with Sir Charles Napier is as malicious as it will be impotent. Every honorable mind will revolt at it. So then because Sir John Franklin dismissed Captain Montagu from an office to which he was appointed by hie Sovereign, and which he had beld for so many years, to use the usual expression, with honor to himself and advantage to the country—because his Sovereign, at the recommendation of the Secretary of State, has told Sir John Franklin in a public despatch, " that be wholly and entirely failed to justify himself for having so dismissed Captain Montagu"—because that this fact, so necessary to Captain Montagu's honor and character, that it should be publicly known, has BO 1 ecotie—because that Captain Montagu, in reward for the injustice he lias suffered, has received a superior appointment; and, ns it is stated, '* Captain Montagu has retired from the situation he has so long filled, his public and personal character unimpaired, and with his hold on the respect and confidence of her Majesty's Government undiminished," because that in consequence of all these, he has had bestowed -upon him the very best office then at the dispusal of his Sovereign, an attempt is to be Made to injure him in the opinion of the head of the Government to which he is attached ! What must he the composition of that mind which could perpetrate such an act! Our language furnishes not words adequately to pourtrav its malignity! The clique conclude their manifesto by bitterly denouncing all those who, "because of the times" would " lessen the influence of the chief." The miserable begging silliness of this is as despicable as it is absurd! By whom has the colony been brought into its present we admit most lamentable condition ? It cannot be said that Sir John Franklin has been in the slightest degree impeded in his course by the public officers, His Excellency has removed them, and reremoved them ad nauseam. The whole form and feature of the Government lias bc&n; modelled and remodelled—as intrigue, caprice, or other causes may have induced— not one single public officer remains who dares look, except as the clique direct. Not one ; what then do the clique mean by their concluding sentence—" the times require that those about the Governor should be his friends—that his councillors should not be men whose personal enmity may counteract their public duty. To inborn do the cliquc allude? Who is thus denounced? Is it Captain Forster ? He has shewn the very utmost -obediencc—to an extent which his friends lament lo witness, yet it would seem not to be enough—he is Captain Montagu's brother-in-law—he holds a high and valuable office—he is obnoxious on the one account—his removal may be sought for on the other. He should prepare himself accordingly. It is an old adage that tyranny and imbecility, are frequently synonimous always accbinpanying terms. 