GERMAN MISSION TO THE ABORI- GINES. On Monday evening last, a meeting of the friends of the German Mission to the Aborigines, was held in the Baptist Chapel; Bathurst-street, the misssionaries after labouring for many years in the vicinity of Moreton Bay, having been compelled to give up their labour in consequence of the Government having withdrawn that sup- port hitherto afforded, and their not being able to carry on the mission for want of funds. After a hymn had been sung, the Rev. John Saunders commenced by prayer, after which Dr. Lang, M. C, said, that it was un- necessary for him to enter into a minute detail of the proceedings of the German Missions at Moreton Bay ; he thought it an imperative duty incumbent upon all who profess Christianity to do all in their power for the furtherance of christianization and civilization of the aborigines of this colony ; and it was with regret that he was called upon to state the object of the meeting, which was the present abandonment of the mission, one cause of which was, that Government had withdrawn their support; the other he considered to be the depres- sion of the times, which he regarded to be as a just visitation of Divine Providence for not honouring the Lord with sufficient of our substance. They had to bid their labourers adieu, bidding them God speed, and wishing them future prosperity and happiness ; he hoped that they would be enabled to break up their band in a manner creditable to the land in which they dwelt, as several of the creditors to whom the society were indebted, were willing to re- ceive half. They had endeavoured to ob- tain Government contributions, but could not; he thought Government was bound in some measure to make a recompense to the Aborigines for their land, as they have the first right to it, and he thought the Christians of the country should act as trustees for them ; but if the public did not come forward and support them, they would have to sell all their farming implements, and what little cattle they had, to defray expenses incurred by carrying on the mission ; but he did hope the public would come forward and assist them. The Rev. Mr. Schimidt: It is now nearly six years since I entered upon the Mission to the Aborigines at Moreton Bay, strongly impressed with the conviction, that it is the will of God our Saviour, that all men shall be saved, and come unto the knowledge of the truth. And although I cannot appear before you this evening re- joicing, when surveying our long and thorough experience, I examine the work of our hands, but have rather to make use of the Prophet's lamentation, "We have laboured in vain, and spent our strength in vain and for naught." My be- lief in God's most Holy Word is, notwith- standing, unshaken, which he will fulfil in his own appointed time, and I may therefore add for our own comfort and peace "Our work is the Lord's." It is a work of faith and labour, of love and patience, of hope, and the Apostle Paul seals it as being not in vain in the Lord. We are therefore permitted to trust, that we shall have helped by our earnest prayers and supplications, by our going forth and weeping, bearing precious seed, with those of our brother mission- aries, who have already been obliged before us to retire from this unpromising field of labour - I say that we shall have helped to prepare the way for the carrying of the everlasting gospel of Christ which is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth, to the most miserable children of the forest. One soweth, another reapeth. When the Lord's hour shall have come, when he shall have sent holier and better messengers, and made them instruments for breaking down the strongholds of Satan, erecting the Cross of Christ in the hearts of those benighted heathen, then peradventure he may also say, " I have sent you to reap that whereon you bestowed no labour ; other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours." It is most lamenta- ble, heart-rending, and discouraging to observe, that the black natives with whom we have come into contact, seem to be destitute of the faculty of perceiving spiritual things, their belly being their God in the fullest sense of the word; and I am decidedly of opinion, from the observa- tions which I have had ample opportunity to make amongst the aborigines, of many different tribes, that if it should not please God to interfere in a special manner, by either creating in them this faculty, or calling it forth ; all labour bestowed upon them will prove unsuccess- ful, God in his wrath having given them up not only to uncleanness, but even to the destitution of the idea of himself. Their being fugitives and vaga- bonds as a consequence of their great de- pravity, is at the same time a great hin- drance to the missionary in his efforts to teach them many good things, that they might become useful members of society. This is another evidence of the fact that Civilization has to go hand in hand with Christianization, or else it will never pros- per, never be crowned with lasting success, whatever may be said by the enemies of religion against the latter. Christianiza- tion has to prepare the road always and everywhere for her twin-sister. I scarcely need to add that the aborigines of this territory are not left desolate by Provi- dence of the ability to perform almost every ordinary species of manual labour which they are taught ; but their restless and wandering life (use being second na- ture) does not permit them to remain for a long time at one and the same spot, even if they are amply furnished with every necessary article of food and raiment. Another cause of grief for my brother missionaries and myself, after nearly six years' labour and after many and great exertions amongst the aborigines, both at our station and on our journey, after hav- ing encountered innumerable dangers and hardships by land and by water ; after having experienced hunger and thirst and nakedness ; after having exposed our heads to be battered to pieces by toma- hawks and womerans, and our bodies to be speared. Another cause of grief I say is, that after all this these poor creatures even as yet do not understand the nature of all our engagements on their behalf, in introducing the young and the old, both male and female, at our station, as well as in their camps. It cannot be de- nied that they have observed long ago, that there is a difference between the settlers and us ; but the common life of those cor- responds better with their corrupt nature, than our walk and conversation with God ; so that it necessarily follows, that since the settlement is thrown open they rather like to be with such men, from whom they receive ample food, tobacco, liquor, money for little work at all, provided they allow them to satisfy their carnal lusts. The number of natives that have been at our station these latter twenty months has been but very small; whereas formerly, some times great numbers have been employed, instructed, and fed at our station. It may likewise be of importance to state, that the children attend the instructions only for sake of the food which they receive ; that they consider the instruction itself as a work which they perform for our benefit. It would be superfluous to say much about the efforts which each and all of our number, both brethren and sisters, have been making in order to attract them to us, and to bring them to the Cross of Christ, in inducing them to form a village around us, in following them through rivers and over mountains, through the thickets and impervious scrubs and bot- tomless swamps, under torrents of rain and under a burning sun, in carrying even implements and seeds to distant places for cultivating the ground, and rearing those fruits of which they are fond. God forbid, that we should glory save in the cross of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. It was his grace which enabled us to leave in His name and at His word our native country, our kindred, and our father's house, it was His grace which preserved us from despairing amidst the greatest difficulties, the most inconceivable hardships and privations, in hunger and nakedness, in sickness, watchings, and labour, by day and by night, and made us endure to the end;- and the same grace will cause us to look always up unto Him. the author and finisher of our faith, who became poor for our sakes, who for the joy that was set before Him endured the Cross, despising the shame, that the de- sire which animnted us, to break the ties of relationship for His and the Gospel's sake, may be cherished and vigorously increase - even that desire to win souls for Christ Jesus our Lord ;- until we shall commit our souls to His hands whithersoever He may be pleased to guide us, wheresover He may open a door of utterance and entrance before us individu- ally and collectively. There is another point which I cannot forbear to make mention of before I sit down, namely, - it is not only the want of support, the six years' hopeless destitution of salary,' the uniformly embarrassed circumstances of our missions, which has greatly dis- counted each and all of us; no, it is the hopelessness of the cause itself in the pre- sent condition of the poor benighted hea- then. Oh, if the work of our hands were prospering before our eyes, if we had to feed the lambs and sheep of the flock of Christ from amongst the children of the forest ; I should write to our beloved Germany, letters which should ring like those of my late brother missionary llhemias, from one end and church of the country to the other end, and ample support would be sent to us from beyond the seas. But thus we must put our hands upon our mouths, reminding ourselves of the words of the Lord; "my thoughts are not your thoughts neither are your ways my ways : for as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your wnys, and my thoughts than your thoughts." With regard to our present and future support, I am of good cheer, and rejoice in the belief that he who had compassion on the multitude of four thousand and five thou- sand, having been willi him several days, and having nothing to cat, that he who did not send them away fasting to their own houses, that they might not faint by the way, for divers carne from far, but satisfied their hunger-I am confident in the belief, I say that he who is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever, whose the earth is and the fulness thereof, in whose hands the hearts of men arc, as the rivers of water, that he will likewise have com- passion on our little community, on us thirty-nine individuals having come from far. He graciously supplies our daily wants from his exhaustless fullness above all our asking and thinking, and He more and more prepares the way before us in which we should walk. My lay brethren are now working at their trades, and sell the fruits of the soil for their and their families' support, and although these bad times have affected them already, so that they have lost their first savings, more than £20, by a mer- chant's failure, I dare say, they being Germans, will endeavour to fight through under the blessing of God, provided we are not driven away from the place which has drank in the sweat of our brows in the service of our heavenly King, provided we are not deprived of the little public property by our respective creditors. My colleague, the Rev. Mr. Eipper, has joined the Synod of Australia, and will thus be provided for. He has already got the appointment as itinerating missionary amongst the Presbyterian inhabitants in the neighbourhood of Goulburn. And regarding myself, I beg leave to state that I have received, twelve months since, a pressing invitation from certain of my countrymen in the State of New York in North America, to come over and under- take the pastoral charge of one or more congregations of German immigrants in that State and the neighbourhood terri tories, and that I have been advised by our Committee to accept of this invitation under the present circumstances, and to proceed thither where the Lord seems to have opened a door before me, as soon as my way shall be more clear. Encouraged by many a kind friend, I have begun to collect for my travelling expenses, and I am happy to state under the most overwhelming feelings of gratitude, that distressing as the times are, I I have raised already £60, including the handsome donation of £20 from the pri- vate purse of His Excellency the Gover- nor. There are a few pounds more sub- scribed which I hope will be paid before I shall leave for Moreton Bay, I have de- posited the £60 this morning in the Savings' Bank, that it may be at my dis- posal whenever I shall be able and ready to leave the shores of Australia for that distant sphere. I cannot refrain from reading at least a portion of the letter of invitation alluded to. The letter is written by the Rev. Mr. Krause, my brother-in-law, and the Rev. Mr. Graham, who accompanied large numbers of German emigrants to the United States more than two years since. The letter is dated Buffalo the 27th August, 1841. [The letter was a pressing invitation to go to America.] In conclusion, I feel bound in my own name, and in that of my brethren in the mission, to make publicly our united and grateful ac- knowledgments for the kind assistance which has been hitherto afforded us strangers and messengers of Christ, both by the Government and, by many a friend and benefactor, both present and absent, up to this very day, and we shall ever pray that our Heavenly Rewarder may bless them with all spiritual and temporal bless- ings in heavenly and earthly places, say- ing unto them, " Verily, I say unto you, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren ye have done it unto me, you shall in no wise lose your reward." The Rev. Dr. Ross proposed the follow- ing resolution :-"That this meeting has heard with regret the announcement of the necessity of abandoning, for the present, the German Mission to the Aborigines at Moreton Bay, and deeply sympathises with the missionaries, who have been exposed to many trials and privations while en- gaged in the performance of their arduous duties, in the painful termination to which their labours have thus been brought." He said, that although it was stated that one cause of the present abandonment of the Mission, was the withdrawal of Government support, he considered it right that the meeting should clearly understand that the Government owed the Mission nothing ; that it had completely fulfilled all it had promised to do ; and that the communication recently received from it, was merely to inform the Committee that in future no assistance could be afforded them. The reason why such a deter- mination had been come to by Government was, not that it was opposed either to the persons or operations of the missionaries -on the contrary, it had always treated them with kiudness, and shown them much favour. In an interview which he had had the honour to have with His Ex- cellency the Governor the other day, he distinctly stated that he had no public funds whatever at his disposal out of which to continue the support he had hitherto rendered. Upon referring to the 15 per cent, appointed to be set apart from the land fund for the aborigines, His Ex- cellency stated that the whole amount, and more, was absorbed in maintaining what he (Dr. R,) was disposed to call the use- less office of Protectors. As an evidence of the Governor's own kind feelings, he need only refer to the very liberal donation of £20, presented by him to Mr. Schmidt, towards defraying the expense of conveying that worthy missionary to the States of America in which he has been invited to settle. As to another cause for the abandonment of the mission the want of public support, he was ashamed to refer to it. Depressed as were the circum- stances of the times he was sure that there were funds enough in the colony for the support of such an institution as this if there had been heart enough. It was not the mission of one denomination. It ought to have been supported by the Episcopalians, and by the Presbyterians, and by the Wesleyans, and by the Baptists, and by the Independents, and yet what had they all done for it in the course of the last eighteen or twenty months, not raised more than £50 or £60, and that to maintain two clergymen, and six or seven artizan missionaries with their families. Oh, the evil done by a sectarian spirit ! Never will Christianity in its pu- rity nourish until heart shall be united to heart, and Christians of all evangelical denominations cheerfully co-operate for the promotion of great Christian objects. He sympathised with the missionaries in the defeat of the great object (for the pre- sent at least,) for the accomplishment of which they had left their country and their friends. He sympathised also with Dr. Lang, the originator of the mission, for which he had travelled and expended both exertion and property, in the disap- pointment of his hopes ; whatever may be said of his arrangements and his plans his object was noble. Dr. Ross concluded with an earnest appeal to the meeting on behalf of the missionaries who remain at the stations, that a sufficient sum might be raised to prevent the necessity of selling off their stock to pay the debt. The Rev. Mr. Threlkeld rose to second the resolution moved by the Rev. Dr. Ross. He said it was the duty of the Government to support the aborigines of the soil : the people forget they have a duty to perform as well as the Govern- ment, and if the Government neglect this their duty let the people step forward and set the example. Who were the parties to support it but the Church of Christ ? He could not but sympathise with the missionaries, having in a previous instance seen that Government had given up the natives to darkness and misery. The German mission was begun on such a principle as appeared likely to succeed. A band of Christians had stepped forward -they had made every exertion in their power-they had acted as pioneers, and he trusted they had already opened the door for others to walk in, and he hoped that they would even yet be useful : he deeply regretted the step which they were compelled to take, but conceived such a step to be the only remedy for the present. The Rev. J. Saunders, in moving the second resolution, "That although the German Mission is for the present aban- doned, this meeting is still convinced that it is the imperative duty of the Govern- ment to provide every facility for the civilization and Christian instruction of the Aborigines of this colony," said, it is melanoholy to observe the gradual disappearance of any portion of the human race. The melting of the snow is followed by the verdure of spring, the gradual decay of the twilight is recompenced by the expectation of the morning's dawn ; but the dissolution of a portion of the human family is calculated to awaken the most painful impressions, it admits of no alleviation. Man giveth up the ghost, and where is he? He has passed away from our influence, and with his departure all opportunity of benefitting him is lost. If, in connection with this sentiment, we lament the departure of the last red man from Newfoundland, and the removal of the last black man from Tasmania, much more must we feel the destruction of the Sydney tribe of Aborigines, and those other tribes which in succession have failed before the approach of the whites. The mode too of their destruction is awful. The Aborigines have waned before the civilization of ardent spirits,-the civili- zation of disease ; and alas ! by the civili- zation of the bullet, and too often by the treacherous civilization of poison. It is thus that a portion of our race has failed before us. It is true that some will deny the claim of the Aborigines to be our fellow-creatures ; but anatomists declare they have the same physical structure, naturalists class them among the Bimanna, of which there is but one species, Man ; their vices and their vir- tues are identical with ours, and we have not only repeated proofs of their exercise of reason, but have lately had evidence that they are capable of the knowledge of God. One at least, a thoroughbred aborigine, has shown his veneration for God, and a knowledge of holiness, by re- peatedly reproving the profane white, and has at last after convincing evidence of his conversion, avowed his faith in Christ Jesus our Lord, by seeking and obtaining Christian baptism. Last Sunday this aborigine was baptised by the Rev. W. Wilkinson of Bathurst, upon an intelligent avowal of his faith. If one be a man all of the same order are men. If one be a Christian, all of the same nature may become such. It may be to the interest of some persons to proclaim them brutes, because they have treated them as such ; upon such an hy- pothesis those who have shot and poisoned them are guiltless of murder, but upon the admission of the opposite they are conscious of being involved in crime of the deepest dye. But while an outcry may be raised against the aborigines, as beasts of prey which ought to be hunted down and destroyed, it is for us to lament over their hapless condition, and relieve them to the utmost of our power. The more forlorn their state, the more deep should be our com misseration. In the terms of the resolu- tion, he believed that it was still the duty of the Government to provide for their civilization and Christian instruction. Many schemes had proved abortive, that of the Protectorate was one. In his opinion the Governor had proved their best protector, and his Excellency Sir George Gipps had to his honour always shown the most tender concern on their behalf. Still, as these aboriginals were men, and had the natural rights of men, it must ever be the duty of the Government to promote their welfare. One right had been most strangely withheld by the home Government, and he was at a loss to con- ceive upon what ground, the right of giving evidence in criminal cases in a court of justice. Let their evidence go for what it was worth, it was their right to testify in matters of fact, and the Bri- tish Government would not do their duty until the black had been reinstated in that right of which he had been so un- justly deprived. He trusted the Govern- ment would in this and other particulars show their hearty recognition of the rights of these, the most abject of their subjects, this was the true principle of the con- stitution-this was the vaunted glory of British law; justice, and equal justice to all. The speaker after paying a tribute of respect to the zeal, self denial, and disin- terestedness of the German missionaries, said, that if sympathy were due to them in their past and present trials, it should also be extended to the settlers for, while some would meet the just reward of their perfidy, others who were innocent would most likely suffer with them, massacres and reprisals would continue so long as the blacks were left in their savage state. Missions to the aborigines should be sup- ported both by the Government and the public in mercy both to the black and to the white. The Rev. Mr. Draper seconded that resolution moved by Mr. Saunders. He observed that the aborigines of this colony were connected with the civilized world by common feelings of humanity ; they were bound together in their follies and their crimes, which mark their course as men, they, he said, were capable of en- joying the same hopes and prospects of religion ; instances had come before his own eyes where the aborigines of this colony had shown an equal desire for religious instruction, one of which he referred to in addition to the aboriginal baptised by the Rev. Mr. Wilkinson, of Bathurst, who had put many of the inhabitants of that district to shame ; he had been in the habit of going round on horseback to the different huts to acquaint them of prayer meeting, and felt a great pleasure in doing any thing in his power to forward the cause of Christ. There was another in stance of an aboriginal youth of twelve years of age having been baptized on the same Sunday, by the Rev. Mr. Hirst, he was already delighted with the services, and was a regular attendant of the duties of the Sabbath ; he also possessed a pretty good knowledge of the gospel ; and although only twelve years of age, he con- sidered him to be a good and sincere Christian ; from the conversation, he, Mr. Draper, had had with him at different times, he had every reason to believe that he was a real converted character, and thus we have undeniable proof that the aboriginal natives of this land are capable of not only understanding, but experimentally receiving the gospel of Jesus Christ ; these facts at once puts an end to all doubts as to their capabilities, and it must be a painful reflection to every thinking Christian who loves his Lord and Master, to be compelled to thus give up the Mis- sion, and thus leave so many of our fellow-men who are daily disappearing before the white man, without the know- ledge of the truth. The Mayor having vacated the chair, it was taken by the Rev. John Saunders, when it was moved by Mr. W.C. Roemer and seconded by Mr. W Kirchner, that the thanks of this meeting be returned to the Right Worshipful the Mayor for his kindness in presiding on the present occasion. The Mayor expressed his gratifícation for having had the honour to preside on the present occasion, and should at all times feel proud in doing anything in his power for the furtherance of such an object. After which a collection was made at the door, when the sum of £16 was col- lected, including a cheque from the Mayor for £4. 