ENGLISH EXTRACTS. ? EDUCATION. ; ("From thc Times.) VVr. really Uduc that the 'Education Com- mittee ol' Uer,Majesty's Council, will lose no lime in illuminating" this hitherto benighted ugo with il lucid exposition of the mode in which children are to be taught, on " the constructive method," to walk, to dross and undress, to take rhubarb and senna without making wry faces, to ride,"to swim; ioshut the door after them, to do 'as they ure' bid, to cut bread and butter without cutting their lingers, lo conjugate arno, and repeat the Eton Syntax,'and to practice.any other " imitative art," thc acquirement of which would; on or- dinary principles, bc in any way troublesome either to themselves or others. , Wi have nlrondy beeil taught by Ibo Coun- cil how lo take " a »hort and cns;/ method " with children to make them talk and spell, Writing comes next. And with the following magnificent flourish of trumpets istlieiNvtiN .noN of the " constructive method" - of truck- ing to write introduced, under thu sanction of the Committee of Her Majesty's Council : " Writing is a species of drawing ; and, ns such, "an imitative art!" "Ut- pict nra poesis :" poofry and painting are alike, in thal they are "imitative ai ts." And so nrcpainting and writing. Her Majesty's Council have at length hitupon upon the connecting link be- tween the three, in thc shape of'a young gentleman's copy book.'-.Often .have wu wondered at seeing depicted in beautiful variety, amidst rudo " drawings," intended to represent the archetypal forms of great A's and little li's and antediluvian pot-hooks, certain other" pictures" of more questionable admissibility, bearing the_ semblance _of tho writing mahler's nose or visage, with pig-tnil duly appended ; while, nt-the commencement olino book, humble essays in the other kin- dred " imitative art" bf-poetry might be'dis- covered, informing thc curious reader who.tho owner of the book was, or how ho entertained suspicions of other people's honesty. We con- fess thai those sort of cxcrcitaiions always ap- peared to us lo bo rather a sign that such ap- plications of thc . imitative arts were moto agreeable than copying nbtract beauty of long " 1," or round " O ;" but it seems that we weiro mistaken. Wo overlooked the fact, thnt this sort of amusement was really only an inferior species of " writing"-only more delectable than that'exorcise, owiitg to the scurvy way in which thc laltcr had been treated. Wu did not reflect on thc cry pleasant way in which this "latter sort of imitation might be developed, oven to tho exclusion of all other drawing whatsoever, whether of pigtails or ol rhymes. .To, imitate is natural and delipJilfitl tc children ; and thc power of imitation ought therefore to be directed mid developed.' Only teach children to write SYNTHETICALLY, and they will soon " take such pleasure in this sort of imitation," that-rio other will tempi them from it. . .., So say Her Majesty's- Council, and thu: they elucidate tho wonderful method whicl is to effect, this incredible .change:-"Tin ixsTnucron must dissolcc[l) the combination! of letters which ure called words" (Win could have'thought, if tho Council, had no told us so, that a word was a combinalion 'o letters ? silt ! la belle chose i/ne de savo'n quelque chose) ! ; "and ho must «»Itt (! ! the complex forms called letters into theil simple elementary purls;-in other words the INSTRUCTOR must analyse (! ! I) the object which the child is lo imitate, lie inns arrunge {WU) tho elementary- forms in th order oj theirs simplicity, i. e., Ibo instructo must CLASSIFY {! ! ! ! !) ibo elementary forms so thnt the lirst efforts of tho-child may b dii'octíd to thc imitation ol' ' the simples forms." The Council then proceed-". By this natur« process," ,tc, "ihe child proceeds,by SYN TIIBSIS, nnd constructs thc object!";. ... Dissolve! resolve ! analyse ! arrange idas sify ! complex forms ! elementary parts order of simplicity! " Brave words ! neigl hour miller, brave words !" Baid Darno Glci dinning, after a torrent of euphuism from Si Piercie Shafton,. ." very marvellous fuiepyi words !" Surely there niiist be something i them,' Such was our fit nt impression o reading the above singularly explanatory e: planalion ; but our second opinion expresse itself in _ certain well-known , phrascolng commencing with the tippropiinlo won "Teach your grandmother." The plai English ol' all this is, that, at very partiel lurly considerable trouble, children ni taught, befóte they begin to write, what ." righi line"-(not a, straight lino, that won! have been loo easy)-is- No ; they aro" ii structed in the meaning ol' thc geometric term " right line." .They ure then taught tl peculiar -meaning ol' the technical tern " link" (formerly called pot-hook, wc beliov and "hook; and the ohildrou being th' primed; a fellow gets up, and sings out sn ;co3s;vely thc word* " Hight line!" " Hook " Link !" " Hook !" " Hight Linc !"," Link &c;, ns these " elements" occur in tho wor and. letters which ho is dictating, and ll children make books mid links according] This is the system. Whether this is done I the purpose of promoting und dovelopii " imitation," we know not, We should.ha thought that au ordinary copy might possie, have promoted tho thing better tfiurt the u strnct idea conjured up by tho word of coi maud, The only result (hat we can sec, c coptn'n illegible daub, is, that, in the langun of tho Council, " tho errors of the muster t transferred lo the copy-book !" .Wonderful result! Wonderful exemplifu lion of " tho order of simplicity !" And this is to linve un Educution Committee of Cou eil! ".The complex forms called letters i to be resolved into their elementary part This is all. How cosy! How dellghifi Mow stupid not to seo that a loiter was complex furm! Once discover this, n writing is os easy and pleasant ns Columbti eßg> or milling n cut's tail, or drawing ske tons and ugly imps in the copy-book. To sure, il is ilillicult to make children und stand and remember what n right line is, a bpw limp, and nt whaf angle ¡t is f> iqciiiiedi'&p.;'; but those ure only prctlinl:;i I dlflkllbios, They havo nothing to do li- the sijslcm, . What r. pity it is that children cannot taught lo lie their shoci, or comb their hi or do anything else which is unpleasant, t therefore apt to be left undone, on this s; thel'ical fjysteii). 4. M|uo-lie consjsts o¡ colligation, or a complicated involution ( 'reduplication, of two distinct teitninationi .one and tl|d samp ligature,. " Thp jnslruc must diswlee tho oumbitintlnn ol' UCIIMÍI which is culled a colligation, and ho' ni resolve the complex lunns called node nodosities into their simple'elementary pa '- in oilier words, tho instructor must aunt thc objeci wl|ipb Mic ehjld bj to ¡mjtalp. ,niU3t Uteri arrange Ibo elementary form! .the order of their simplicity-/. e" the strnctfir must oltmsjfg the clomthtnvy foi no that the first efforts of lite child may directed (o tho imitalion of tho simplest '° Wc should really like lo see a regiment, of j chihlren.whohail been I'uBtiliilypriiuediii ¡hese simple Verms, " nodosity," " colligation, &c.;, " proceeding to tie their shoes by synthesis, and " constructing the object (i. e., the knot) from the clements furnished by tho analysis of the instructor. " A child," says tho Conned, will soon discover the utility of these dircctitnis, und luke ti pleasure in ¡hem." What trouble! what vexation would thus bc snved to nurses uuil muiunius! how ninny children's noses would be saved a breaking, if only the Com- mittee ol' Council would pyomulgule " on authority" this constructive system of tying the shoo ! . There would, moreover, bc something nonet as «ell as ultaciive about this ; whereas wc have some uiinccoimluble misgivings about having alrcudy heard sumewhero pr.othcv thc principal points of this writing system. Wc. Iiuvo some I'uiiit idea thai, wc have before now boen (old by. somebody, ns much.as that.a' ivoid is a "combination ol letters," and a letter a "complex,form," though wo ave not sure that tlio communication was 'made to us in precisely such 'gorgeous phraseology ; we have nlso ari indistinct remembrance' 'that' when we began to learn,writing wc first''drew straight lines and pothooks, with other ele inentiiry forms ; and we cannot help sus pcciiiig'lliat someone has been imposing on tho Committee of Council iii telling thom it Wits a new discouery, to direct " the efforts of J ttie child first to (lie simplest forms." Really, niter lill, , ..., " There needs no ghost, my.Lords, come from tho grave : . To tell us this." ' ? 'PHIAL or LINOUISTS.-Apublicexamtnatioir I j of the professors of the living languages in' i Paris has been held ntlhu Sorbonne, bj order 1 pf the Minister of Public Instruction, with a | view to; the granting a collegiate brevet to those most distinguished hy acquirements and ! capacity. Gorman, Spanish, Italian, and.| English candidates ware examined, but, to , our readers the coneursus of the last-men-' ' tionod professors is only likely! to beaf Hi- llcrest. The commissioners'appointed to de- cide on the comparative merits of the claimants wore Messrs. Pliiluictz, Chilies (President), Eiehólf, andOznnnm, who nppenr todiave discharged their delicate tiust with learning, judgment, and urbanity, 'f he 'num- ber who presented themselves for examination thc first day was 18, but of these 10 speedily evacuated tho field. The ordeal was severe, the lest comprehending an oral explanation of portions Ot the works of English authors of thc highest class; u discussion on thc com- parative merits of these writers between the candidates, ono explaining certain abstruse or . doubtful passages, .another objecting mid explaining in his turu. The argumentation was animated and interesting, mid led to some remarkable displays bf erudition) mid also to a few inis'akcs productive ol much amuse-, ment. , A's an instance, we may state that one gentleman (whose claims! arc milong the rc I jectcd), translating from Shukspcrc thc phrase, ol' Coriolanus, .where he suintes the citizen'in Antin m with " Save you, Sir," ren dered it byi".«S'«!iuoi;oífs"-arcading which hu stoutly defended, amid..much hilarity on thc part ol'thc auditors. Another ordeal, perhaps the severest, of all, was an extem- poraneous lecture of half an hour's duration, to be delivered instanter to the assembly, without the slightest preparation, the subject being drawn by chance from nu inn which was placed on the table. The tough nature of the questions thus ' propounded moy he I judged of by one, which was ",A parallel view of French and English syntnx, their I anulogies und differences." This fell to the lot of n Mr. Dowling, one of lite suc- cessful candidates, who displayed in its treatment singular nplilnde, .powers of elucidation, and knowledge of the subject. Of the number,of applicants, sixteen only were admitted for Ibo honour of the brevet; nnil on thc whole this competition, though 'not without instances of iguoraueo und inrri pacity; has been thc means, of exhibiting, dc jp'' erudition and diversified and, brilliant talent mi the part of several of the professors iii tho [ highest degree creditable to timi body. The 1 successful candidates are, M.M. Watson; ii-I brurian of the city of Orleans, and professor ' ut thc Royal College; Churchill, professor nt (he College Henri IV. ; B. Laroche ; Davitt; | [Booth; Dowling, professor at thc College Stanislas; Diibnrle, Droucl, Nicolar,. Lorain- I 1 bert, Marlin,- Wilkinson, Aubin, Cuntcrel, i Vcyssier-Descombcs, mid llosce-Belle-Isle. It has boeti remarked .as.extraordinary, (hat | only two of thc English professors belonging , to the Paris colleges should have presented 1 themselves for examination.: Hath these gentlemen hsnonrably- .distinguished lhein-_ ! selves.-Galignani's Messenger. : AN A-MuniCAN BoiiTMAKEit.-I wanted a pair of hoots (ita certain lowu, for 1 bud none to travel in but those with the memorable cork soles, which were too hot for the fiery decks i of a steiun-bpat. ' I therefore sent a.mcssagc to an artist in bools, importing, with my córn I plinietits, that.I Bhould be happy lo sec him' if he .would do inc thc polite favour to cub;. 1 Ile very kindly returned for au answer, timi | he would "look round" at o' o'clock that evening. I was lying on the sofa, with a, book'and a wine-glass, at about that time, when tho door opened, and a geullemnn in a still'cravat, within a year or.two on either side of thirty, entered, in his hat and gloves ; walked up to.tho looking-glass; arranged his I hair; took oil' his. gloves; slowly produced a| measure from the uttermost depths of Iiis coat pocket; nnd requested me, in a languid-lone, to " unfix" my straps.' I1 complied, hut' looked with some curiosity at his hal, which was slill upon his head, lt might have boen that, or it might have been the bent-but bc took it oft'. Then, he sat himself down on a chair opposite to mc ; tested nu arm on euch knee ; mid, leaning forward very much, took hom tho ground, by nu rent, effort, thc j specimen of metropolitan workmanship which I lind just pulled ofl'-r-whistling, pleasantly, as he did so. ' Ile turned it over and over; surveyed it with a contempt no language can. express; and inquired if I wished him'to fix me n boot like Uiutî. I .courteously replied, that provided the boots wore large enough, I would leave thc rust to him; that, if conve- nient and practicable, I should nut object to ¡ their bealing some resemblance to tho niodei then before him ; hut that I would bu entirely , guided by, mid would beg to leave thc whole subject. to, his, judgment and discretion. "\ou nn't partickler about., this scoop in the heel, 1 suppose, then?" snys he; "wt don't : feller that, here." I. repented my Inst observation. Ile looked ut himself | in the glass again ; went clo.ier to it to dash a grain or two of dust out. of thc corner of his eye ; and settled his cravat. All this .lime my leg and foot were in the air. ." Nearly ready, Sir? " I inquired. " Well, pretty nigh, " he said; "keep steady. 1 kept as steady ne I could, both in tool and fuce ; and having hy this lime got the dust out, and found'his pencil-case, he measured inc, and tunde tho necessary notes. ? When he lrd finished, he feir into his old attitude, and, laking up the hoot again, mused, for some tune. "And this," he suid at lair, "is an Englishboot, is il? This is a Lindon boot, eh?"-"That, Sir," I replied, " is a London ! boot." Ho mused over it again, after the manner of Hamlet with Yorick's scull'; nod- ded lils head, a« who should say, " 1 pity the institutions thal led lo the production of this boot!" rase, put np his pencil, notes, hud , pnpei- glancing at himself in the glass nil the time-pilton his hat, drew on his gloves very .slowly, and finally walked out. When he ! had been gone about a minute, tho door re- opened, and his hat bpd his. head reappeared. He looked round the room, nnd nt tile boot again,'which was still lying on the lluor; appeared thoughtful for a minute, aiid then said; " Well ! Ocod arternoon." '.'Good afternoon, Sir," said I ;' nnd that was thc end of the interview.-Doz. EXTIIAOUDINAUÏ SAOACITV or TUB Dons or ] KswrouNDi.ANU.-/\n old dog is now, living 'nt jersey'Harbour, near Harbour Briton, in Fortuno Bay, which has exhibited, in many Instances, a degree of sngncity which will hardly be credited. Ile has been known to | on-ist in cniryingon shore some light spnrs, which a captain pf a vessel in tho harbour dosiied him lo carry lo the landrivash. that a boat's crew might he spnre-d the trouble of enTfying Ihom. Another dog belonging to I the «qin'c whnrf, has, as (i volunteer, or upon invitation, assisted Jinn In this work for a lime ; hut hus left his work in thc middle of his second turn, swimming to sltor<* ..Tuhoul lils spar 1 JïllQil [ho, ÜWt '\z'¿ îias quietly sivnui to, shoïCs wiin his own turn, and dion sought the runaway dog and given him a iouuil thrashing, and used to him other urgumctila ol',ti charnolov so significant and convincing, ' that the runaway has returned tohiswoik, and quietly persevered In it till the spars j which liad been thrown overboard were rafted | to shore by thc sagacious «iiiiii(ils,-~//rc'i<iWi con Juke's ÏVdi'fii, 