THE REV. MR. ALL WOOD AND HIS TESTI MONY AGAINST THE PAPAL CLAIMS. to the editor op the colonial observer iT l mo over the evidence which Mr. All- Mod. has: adduced in his last lecture from Jerome, Augustine, and Chrysostom, against the absurd and Blasphemous claims of " the man at Rome," I was i uo a little surprised to find that he had entirely passed " l unnoticed what appears to me and multitudes : more, the most decided item in their testimony on the subject. Every christian man, whose faith rests in , te plain declarations of the word of God, knows that . ute terms " Bishop and Presbyter" were applied indis criminately to designate the Ministers, or Pastors of Hie primitive Churches. (See Acts 20, 17 28.) The persons who are designated " Elders" in the former verse, are in the latter called "Overseers." Every Person acquainted with the original language, knows mat the word which has been so translated, is Bishops and, a circumstance, which cannot fail io be highly satisfactory to all the lovers of Bible utristamity is, that they were "made" such, not by i'ntmcnt of any Pope, or King, or Queen as of u,e Church, but by the Holy Ghost. These trrmxmwatmaaammMamMU3UiMumwt\iumMMumiumuaBammBHBOBa truly primitive Bishops were als j all equals, and they were so by Divine appointment ; there could, there fore, be no such thing as a Pope among them, or over them , for they knew and acknowledged no Head of the Church but Christ. This state of things too continued in the Church just as it retained its primitive purify ; and, since Mr. Allwood refers to the testi mony of Jerome, Augustine, and Chrysostom, we think him very culpable for not having brought for ward their testimony to this fact, which is as decided a's any that can possibly be adduced against Papal claims. This testimony is as follows — " Jerome says — " Among the ancients, Presbyters and Bishops wcr e.the same. But by little and little, that all the seeds of dissension might be plucked up, the whole care was devolved on one — viz : the Bishop. As, therefore, the Presbyters know, that by the cus tom of the Church, they are subject to him who is their President, so let Bishops know, that they are alone Bishops more by the custom of the Church, than by the true dispensation of Jesus Christ ! No testimony can be clearer than this against the Divine rights of Prelacy. And, since Prelacy is not accord ing to " the true dispensation of Jesus Christ," it is quite obvious that the claims of a certain person at Rome to he " the Vicar of Christ, and the Head of all Bishops, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, on earth, cannot be according to this dispensation. Augustine too, who is styled Bishop of Hippo, when writing to Jerome, says—" I intrcat you to correct me faithfully when you see I need it ; for, although dcuuiiiiug io ine names oi nonour wincii tli ecnstom of the Church has now brought into Use, the office of Bishop is greater than that of Presbyter, nevertheless in many respects, Augustine is inferior to Jerome." Oper, Tom. 11., Epist. 19. ad Hieron. Thus Augus tine also disclaims all pretensions to Divine authority for the Prelacy which he exercised-. It is worthy of re mark too that Bishop Jewel had the candour to trans late this passage thus — " The office of Bishop is above the office of Priest (Presbytery), not b.y authority of .Scripture, but after the names of honor which the custom of the church hath now obtained." Equally decided too is the testimony of Chrysostom, whose praises Pre- latists and Papists are ever ready to sing. In his eleventh Homily on the Epistles to Timothy, he speaks thus: — "Having spoken of bishops 'and described them, Paul passes on to the Deacons. But why is this ? Because between Bishops and Presby ters there is not much difference ; for these also in like manner, have committed to them both the insti- tution and the government of tlie Church : and what things he has said concerning Bishops, the same , also, he intended for Presbyters ; for they have gained the ascendancy only in respect to ordination ; and of this they seem to have defrauded the Presbyters ! !" Such is the origin which this celebrated Father assigns to Prelatical episcopacy ! The word translated " de frauded," is the same which occurs in 2 Cor,, 7. 2. So then, in the judgment of Chrysostom, Prelacy owes its origin to " Fraud !" And to "fraud" too com mitted by the Prelates themselves, who robbed the Presbyters of that which,, by Divine appointment, belonged to their office, and attached it to themselves J and, by this robbery, became "Lords over God's heritage." Such is the testiomy of the witnesses whom Prelatists and Papists bring forward in order to make us believe that they have a Divine warrant for their respective systems ! Surely they must think us tlie merest simpletons that exist on the face of the earth. One thing, however, is very clear, viz. : — if a man could not be a Prelate without " defrauding " the Presbyters of their divinely appointed rights, far less could he be a Pope without being guilty of prac tising the same kind of "fraud" to a much greater extent. Tile amount of the testimony, therefore, of these three celebrated witnesses, is this : They knew nothing of Popery as a part of Christianity in their day, or in any prior age of the Church : and that Prelacy was introduced " by little and little," through " fraud ; " that it had no Divine authority to support it ; and that it existed " more by the custom of the Church, than by the true dispensation of Jesus Christ." We very seriously recommend this testi mony to " the big man at Rome and to the Rev. gentleman here who signs himself " Australia and we advise them without any delay to surrender back to the Presbyters, that which the great Chrysos tom says was obtained by " fraud," and to return to " the true dispensation of Jesus Christ." Hoping that their consciences will soon lead-therm to follow this advice, and with all other proud wishes. I am, Sir, your very true well-wisher, VERITAS. 