MANY FACTS IN FEW WO R DS. A legal stone is 14 lbs., or the eighth of an hun dred, in England, and 16 lbs. in Holland. The fathom, G feet, is derived from the height of a full grown man. A hand, in horse measure, us 4 - inches. An Trish ""niiln in 99th mnL . n — wwiv J ut UO j U IJLUI.LII ill | iu tij 1984 yards ; an English, or statue mile, 17G0 yards; German, 180G ; Turkish, 182G. An acre is 4840 square yards, or GO yards, I foot, 8 1-2 inches each way. A square mile,. 1760 yards each way , contains 640 acres. The Persians give names to every day iu the month, just as we give them to days of the week. The Esquimaux attain the height of but 4 feet 3 inches, and the Mogul Tartars but 4 feet 9 inches. The human body consists of 24-0 bones, 9. kinds of articulations or joinings, 100 cartilages or ligaments, 400 muScles or tendons, and 100 nerves, besides blood, arteries, veins, &c.; Riley asserts that Arabs, in the desert, live 200 years. The foot of a Chinese female, from the heel to the great toe, is only 4 inches long. Total abstinence from food above-seven days is fatal to man ; but there arc instances of surviving after a longer period. A religious fanatic, in 1780, deter mined to fast 40 days, but: died on the IGtlii, In marching, soldiers take 75 steps per minute"; quick marching, 108 ; and in charging, 150 steps. An elephant bred to war stands firm against a volley of musketry, and 30 bullets in the, flesh will not kill him. Fish are drawn towards alight ; they assemble to be fed by the sound of a bell, and are fond of music. A ehesnut tree on Mount /Etna is 190 feet round, close to the trunk. Potatoes planted below 3 feet do not vegetate ; at I foot they grow thickest ; and at 2 feet they are re tarded two or three months. The mahogany tree is full grown in 200 years. Cypress trees are known to be 800 or 900 years old. There are no solid rocks in the arctic regions, owing to the severe frosts. Fossil bones of the lizard, 24 feet in length, equal to the dragons of antiquity, have been found in Bavaria. The surface of the sea is estimated at 150,000,000 square miles, taking the whole surface of the globe at 197,000,000 square miles. Its greatest depth is supposed to bo equal to the height of the highest mountain, or four miles. Fresh water begins to freeze at 32 deg., called tiie freezing point ; but salt water does not freeze till 38 1-2 degrees. Of 100 parts into which the surface of the earth:, maybe divided, Europe contains 7, Africa 21, Conti nental Asia 33, New Holland, &c.;, 8, South America 15, North America 16. A cylinder of water may be converted into ice by placing it in 5 lbs. of sulphate of soda, and 4 lbs. of sulphuric acid, at 36 deg., well mixed. The ice is extracted for use by putting the cylinder in hot water. Extreme cold produces the same perception on the skin as great heat. When mercury' is frozen at 40 deg. below zero, the sensation of the skin is the same as that of touching red hot iron. The sound of thunder may be heard for 20 or 25 miles ; or with the ear to the ground, much more. , Lightning is reflected 150 or 200 miles. Hood v. Ghosts. — Ghosts be hanged ! No sndi things in nature ; all laid long ago, before the wood pavement. What sliould they come for ? The colliers may rise for higher wages, nod tlio Chartists may rise for reform, and Joseph Sturgc may rise for his health, and bread may rise, and the rising generation may rise; hut that the dead should rise only to make one's liair rise, is more than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost.. ,vell. if you come out of your grave, to serve a friend, 'how are you to help liim ? And if it's an enemy, what's the use of appearing to him ! if vou can't pitch it into him. — New Monthly. i nv xi att/f t/ x us.i tu/t. — oiguui iiey, uie celebrated punster, when near his death, overheard a servant inform the doctor in a whisper, that a certain person had fallen into the well. Sigourney painfully lifted up his head and said, " I say doctor, did lie kick uie oucKet v — American i-'aper. A Wheeling Article. — Going to dinner the other day, we saw a little codger, nbont two years old, sitting in a wheelbarrow and trying to wheel himself. It struck ns that many people in this world are often caught in the same act, and we shall always think, hereafter — when we see a busi ness man trusting everything to his clerks, and continually seeking his own amusement — always absent from his counting-house, and yet expecting to get along — lie's sitting in a wheelbarrow and trying to wheel himself. When we see a pro- fessional inan better acquainted with everything else than his profession, always starting some new xcheme. and never attending to his calling, his wardrobe and credit will soon designate liim as sitting in a wheelbarrow and trying to wheel him self. When we see a farmer with an over abun dance of ' hired help," trusting everything to their management, his fenceR down, implements out of repair, and land suffering for proper tillage — loo proud or too la?y to turn off coat. and. go. to work— he's sitting in a wliuellmrrow, trying to Wheel himself, When we see a mechnnie run half a square every day to borrow a newspaper, and may be have to wait ten or fifteen minutes before lie can get it, we shall suspect that the time lie loses would soon pay the subscription, and consider liim sitting in a wheelbarrow and trying to wheel iiimsclf. When we see a man busily engaged in circulating scandal concerning his neighbour, wn infer that he is pretty deep in the mud himself, and is silting in a wheclbnrrow and trviac to wheel Iiim8clt out. — Wheeling Gazette. A medical gentleman wrote a letter to Sir Henry Halford, on cholera, in which: he takes, to himself the credit of being " the first to discover that, disease, and communicate it lo the public," 