S 1rtIiJ3 Intclligtcte. (Dublin, May 10) The following report of the speech of Dr. H iggins, at the Mullingar Repeal dinner, appears in the Freeman's Journal" of the above date.. The health of the Right.Rov. Dr. Higgins, Bishop of Ardagh, and the Roman Catholic hierarchy of Ireland, hav. ing been proposed, and drunk with the most enthu siastic applause, the Bishop rose, and, when the cheering with which he was teceived had subsided, proceeded to say-" My Lord and Gentlemen a Any claims to. notice or respect which that body, of whom I stand.bere a very humble and very unworthy representative, may possess, has been so emphati Cally, and so clearly, and, by my own humiliation, so partially dwelt upon by the.Liberator of Ireland, and other speakers who have addressed you, that I feel I may totally dispense with any portion of their merits. Yet thereis one point which, I believe, in delicacy- to some. members of our body has been omitted, hut which I feel it my duly to mention, the connexion of the hierarchy with the repeal question. I wish to state that I have every reason to believe, I may add, that I know that every Catlholie Bishop in Ireland is an ardent .repealer (cothusiastic cheers, which lasted several minutes, and in ivhich Mr. O'Connell heartily joined). Mr. O'Connell: Let Bobby Peel hear that (renewed cheers),-Hllas lordship proceeded a I know that virtually you all have reason to believe that the bishops of Ireland were repealors; but I have now again formally'to announce to you that they have all declared themselves such, and that from shore to ashore now we' are all repealers (great cheering). Mr. O'Connell : That is tile best news I ever heard (cheers).-f-His lordship proceeded s Perhaps I should confine myself to these observations, as far as the body is concerned to which I have the honour to belong; but I cannot sit down without adverting, also, to the means which that body would have, and would be determined to exert in case thsat foolish minister, who presides over the fated destinies of our country, would have dared to put his threat into execution (hear and cheers). I, for one, defy all the ministers of England to put down agitation in Ardagh.-Mr.. O'Connell: Hurrah now for the repeal I-If they attempt, my friends, to rob us of the daylight, which is, I believe, common to us all, and prevent us from assembling in the open gield', we will retire to our chapels, and we will sus pend all' other instruction, in order to devote all our time to teaching the people to be repealers in spite of them (loud cheering). If they beset our temples, and mix our people with spies, we will prepare our people for the circumstances; and if they bring us for that to the scaffold, in dying for the cause of our country, we will bequeath our wrongs to our successors. (Tile entire assembly hero rose and continued cheering in the most en thusiastic manner for several minutes. Let them try that experiment if they will (hear,.hear, hear, and cheers.) They are too keen-they are too deter. mined to go on with their insidiousness, to give us even fair play at dying for our country (renewed peals of applause.) No, they would not do it; and therefore 1 am. justified in saying that the bishops of Ireland, and the people who co- opcrate with them, despite all human ingenuity, and all the malignity of British councils, have within their grasp the power to countervail their designs, and to carry out repeal in spite of every possible resistance (loud cheers.) I am but an humble man; I am nothing ; I not only belong to the people, but-I am proud to prociaim it toyou-I belong to the very humblest class of the people (chleers,) Ldo speak it with pride, for to'no aristocrat on the earth do I owe anything save the most unbounded contempt that I have for tile whole ulaas (dealensing shouts of applause). Gentlemren, there are many of the body which, I" believe, is justly called reverend, and to which I have the huonour and consolation of belonging ; many of them prevented from being here, and at other important meetings, from infirmity, unavoidable official.duties, and others are on the bed of sickness ; but I believe I may speak officially, and without exaggeration say, that not only are they. Repealers, but that they participate with ardour in every sentiment that has fallen from me (cheers.) For the honour which the liberator and the rest of the company have done to that body to which I belong, and of which I am so very humble a representative, I beg very simply, but very sin. cerely, to express my most ardent thanks to you, and to assure you, in the name ol the body, that you may draw to tile utmost extent on us, until our country has not one single grievanco to complain of. The right reverend prelate resumed his seat amidst great applause." EASY STuPS.--Bribery is an easy atop to a seat in Parliamsaent. Flattery is an easy step to a lady's affections. Turtle is an easy step to an alderman's heart. Stealing a pocket handkerchief is an easy stop to prison. A sutilt in Chancery is an easy step to ruin. Articling a boy to an attorney is an easy step to the devil, Horse-dealing is an easy step'to the.Bankruptcy Court. Keeping hounds is an easy step to the dogs; and three bottles of port are an easy step to as uneasy a step as any gen. ,tloman would wish to avoid lying on. DEATH IN IRBLAND.--Thoy Who know Ireland will acknowledge the strange impulso whclh, at the approach of death, seems to escite the people to congregate about the house of mouro log. The passion for deep and powerful eseitement, the most relmarkable feature in their complex nature, seenms to revel in thie details of sorrow uand suffering. Net content even with the tragedy before them, Iltey call in the aid of superastition to heighten the awtulness ol the scene, and every story of ghost and banshee is conned over in tones that need not tihe occasion to make them thrill upon ithe Iheart. At such a time the deepest workings of their wtld spirits are revealed. 'Their grief is low and sorrow. struck, or tt is loud and passionate s now breaking into some plaintive wail over the virtues of the departed; now nursting into a treaniod appeal to the Father ol Mercies, as to the justice of recalling those from earth who were its blessing; while, strunger titan all, a dash of reckless merrulent will brte?ak in upon the gloom, but it is like tihe red lightning through the storm, that as it rends theb cloud, only displays the havoc and desolation around, and at its parting leaves even a blasker darkness behind it,--Our .leas, Toss Bunns. A BUNGOLKIR IN FLATTERY.-" There was my poor loieod Sniflion. Ha hated pig auna prune sauce as he bated a poor relative. Never. stules,, for twenty years did he consent to eat It at his uncle's table; nor could he find words sich enough wherewith to. do honour to uncle's pig aud prulne sauce. Uncle died. T'hank heaven,' cried Jltllo0n. ' 1 shall now receive my reward in hard cash ior my .acrlice to tlat damned pig and prune sauce.' The will was seand, and thuwas wadOifsfunl rewarded I SAnd I hIereby give and bequeath to my dearly beloved nephew, L'eter Snilltun. in consideration uS his peeultar love of my pig and prune sauce, the whllole and sole-recip wrhereby Ite may cook it.' My son, be wary, and avoid such wretches," Punoe'a Letlers to his Stn. . ANCIENT hRe1H PARLIAMENTS.- ItutnaNT RIottsra o Ttne Iast 'OPLt 'TO TUmOs. \--" Whetn tlre "ngllsh rule was confitad to two or three cunties, ttese was a parliament in Irelana. the lirst of those statutes on- record went us lar tack as the year. 110, but that parihaments oa. rlated for ages pteiously thetr was no doubt what. ever (Steer, idar). 1 OW did that parliament as. comble 1 It wots not created by the Idnglis lisgUg-. !lture or a charter from tile orowu. It Was ounded' upun an inteurent piaciplet as ant essuotllt part of tliltr rll?ts, iud the u mebists that composed Itwvere ehostiun oy the people, ' In thre tlmu'of Jameis I, alt ,.r - . . . " Iroeland was made shire ground, and members were sent to parliament from the various counties and towns; but, as he said, it was not from that period, or one far snore remote, that they were to date the the existence of a parliament in Ireland. It was as old hero as in England. and wholly independent of the connesion between the two countries." AN ENGLISH GAMBLER ABROAD. The Correctional Tribunal of Tours was crowded with nearly all the persons of consideration of the town, including many ladies, on the 27th and 281tl ultimo, to bear-the trial of a young English man, named C- , upon a coarge of having cheated at cards. Mr..C - has been residing ft r several months at Tours, was a member of the Cercle Anglais, and was received 3s a visitor at the Cerele Francais. On the evening of the 9th, being at the Casb Fremont, he entered the billiard room, where some officers were playing, and was challenged by one of them, Captain )., to draw balls out of the basket for 100F., he who got the highest number to be the winner. At the first Mr. C- won the 100f., but was induced to continue till his winnings were seduced to 20f., and then he wished to retire, Captain D., however, prevailed on him to remain. and give him his revenge at 6caru6. They played, and Mr. --, having lost 600f., again wished to return home, but was once more over.persuaded, and remained. At first he declined playing for anything more than bowls of punch, but was led on to resume the play for money, and, in the end, became a winner to the amount of 2240f. At this point some brother officers of Capt. D. accused Mr. C- of cheating, by marking the four kings of the pack which he dealt with, and a pack, with which it was said be had played only two games, was taken, sealed up, and submitted to six arbitrators, three named by the French and three by the English circles. These gentlemen unanimously declared that there was no proof of the cars lhavig been marked by. Mr. C-, and, to put an end toall forther question, burnt the paeck. Notwltltateding this decision, Mr. C was indicted for fbatd. Thirty witnesses were ex amined. Among them were many who deposed that they had Frequently played with Mr. C--- previous to December 9, and had never had the slightest occasion to doubt his honour. The last witness on behalf of Mr. C0- was a Count, an old superior officer, wearing:the insignia of several orders, and held In the highest estimation, who came voluntarily from Paris, ond gave the most favourable testimony as to the fortune, morality, family connesions, and conduct of the accused. Notwithstanding, the T'ibunal, after a deliberation which lasied more than an hour, returned into court and delivered a judg ment declaring that C- , during the night of Decomter 9, while playing with Captain D., marked a pack of cards, and thereby committed the fraud provided for by article 401 of the Penal Code, and condemned him to be imprisoned for two years, and to pay all the costs of.the prosecation. ?lir. C-- inmmediately announced his intention to ap peal to the Cour Royale of Blois.-Gasette des -Tribunwuts. 