gt'tgtgal QYart'cruorfletlCe. To the Rev. Robert Allwood. SQuousque tandem Catllina abutere patlenaia nostra t" Sin-I perceive by the public papers that you are now delivering a course of lectures against the Pope You do not, then, think that even yet enough has been said, and sung, and preached, and lectured, and written on that everlasting topic ; but, as Sterne said, whenever he was at a stand for a sermon, he had only to attack popery, which was always sure to please his congregation, and therefore he called it his Cheshire cheese; so you seem to have got the same Cheshire cheese, with which to feed the mental craving of your flock here amongst the antipodes. To common minds, however, it does seem strange that, notwithstanding that the battering artillery of ponderous folios, the field pieces of octaves, with the small arms of reviews, pamphlets, charges, sermons, lectures, tracts—all pouring out perpetual vollies now for nearly 300 years—have all failed to stop the onward march of popery, that you should imagine yourself able to do it by your lectures I have no doubt, Sir, that you are a clever man, eloquent also, and learned, and able by your erudite quotations, 'and ingenious commentary thereon, to astonish your asinine* auditors. A clever man you' must be, certainly, for none but such will perform those works of asupererogation which you do, or so far travel out of his rubric and monotonous routine of hebdomadal sermons-(just as we see that when a young lady is full of " nods, and becks, and wreathed smiles," we may be sure she has fair teeth, and perhaps a dimple.) Many divines before you have distinguished themselves in the same line, and succeeded too in gaining immortality in future, and sometimes also something in presents, such as a bishop's thanks, a good living, the admiration of pious ladies, and now and then a rich and good wife: all these are excellent things, and very laud. able to aim at; but I could not think that merely for the sake of displaying your oratorical powers merely for the pleasure of "splittng the ears of the groundlings," you would put additional fuel under that cauldron already almost boiling over with the fiery ingiedients of political and religious strife, and especially at a crisis like this, when it behoves all men to be cool, to pull together, and to unite all their energies in one common effort to save the sink. ing community. No, Sir, I cannot think it; your reason must be what I first said-that you think yourself able to do what others have failed in-those theologians who for so long a time have raised this vexed question, As if divinity had catched The Itch, on purpose to be scratched, (as old Butler said of some of those your prede. cessors.) No doubt too (as becomes a dutiful son) you wish to soothe the anger of your bishop, who` seems to think Dr. Polding has some design dangerous to his mitre, and therefore is pleased to see you fulminate those shunders against him (like that king who put an innocent man to death because he dreamt he was cutting his throat). Dr. Brough too, in putting forth his lugbrious protest, seems like the prophet, to have " swallowed a book written within and without, with mourning, and lamenta tion, and woe." If, indeed, the Archbishop had invaded any of his rights, or powers, or preroga tives; if he questioned his authority, and particu. larly if he touched upon his income-his two thousand pounds a year, then no doubt the Lord Bishop might have reason to fret. But Dr. Pold. ing's power as archlbishop touches him not at all, being derived from an authority wholly independent of kings or queens, or parliaments, given in these words, " Go teach all nations," and therefore It extends through every region of the earth, and em braces all mankind who receive it, and this alike,, whether supported or opposed by human laws: but it meddles in no way with Dr. Broughton or his authority. Does Dr. Brouglhton not know that Dr. Folding as Vicar Apostolic might have as extensive hierarchal powers as when Archbishop? why then this his melancholy sort of wrath? He quarrels about moonshine; about a nominis umbra, a shadow of a shade; like some great pet boy who blubbers because another boy has got a share of the bon-bons that he thought his exclusive right. Had his rights been invaded-had he lost anything real, then indeed his fury would have been excusable and natural, and instead of a blubbering boy, I should (on account of his dignity) have sought a more heroic simile; I should probably have compared his to the gloomy rage of Achilles on the loss of his Briseis, and you, his friend, would appear in a very poetical and sublime position, like Patroclus, pouring balm into his wounded soul: it would be fulfilling a filial and pious obligation. If Dr. Broughton's sole duty is (as he proclaims) to wage war against the world, the devil, and the flesh, why should be be so displeased at Dr. Polding joining him in the great battle as an auxiliary? Wellington did not so treat Blucher for helping him at Waterloo. Is your Bishop afraid the Archbishop will gain most conquests to virtue? Is he jealous of his fame ? Surely the enemies are sufficiently formidable and numerous to afford him too his tsiumphs, if he only labour as Dr. Polding does, whose pecuniary reward is only one-fourth of his. But, reverend sir, have your lectures nothing at all so do with the coming election? At all events, there seems something " more meant than meets the ear" in their coming out red hot(noson e the very eve of that great collision of principles-that political battle about to be fought. There Is one gentleman who, in Li manifesto in praise of himself, gives as a reason why the electors of Camden sbould choose him, that "his religious principles are those of the United Church of England and d Ireland." Who doubts this? Who doubts that the son of old Parson Cowper believes in the doctrines of that church which has been so kind a nursing mother to him and his family? that church which has poured her cornsuopf. ioto their lap; given them land, servants, herds, flocks -every thing thsey have ? He would bh very ungrateful, indeed, If he did not believe in her Thirty~nine Articles; nay, were they forty-nine (as the Rev. Sidney Smith said he should), he ought in gratitude to believe them all. We know all this, and he knew that we know it. It is not for nothing, then, that he placards his faith. As Mr. Cowper professes tsis belief, however, he must believe ina the 18th article of religion, which expressly declares that " they are to be had acceursed that presume to say, ' thao every man shall be sired bss thesla oor sect which he profeseth, so that he be diligent · Wtien gospel Irisnipetr, surrousided Wiisiossg~suvd rout, to batle souuudcdD Wso irs with But Instead or a sthsick. to frame his-life according to that law and the light of nature.'" This must be Mr. Cowper's doctrine; yet he professes charity; be boasts of his enlightened liberality; though " the United Church of England and Ireland" not only thus declares that all who are not of her faith are damned (for whosoever is not saved is damed), but emphatically pronounces those to be accursed who do not thus believe! Hear this, men of Camden I Hear this, high minded Episcopalians I Hear this, ye true.hearted, spirited Presbyterians, Catholic., and conscientious Dissenters of every denomination I Hear this candi date, who is so ignorant of the laws of his own church that hIe boasts of its glory in not interfering with the free exercise of religious liberty, while; in fact, it is the most intolerant, exclusive, and damnatory ia the world, as appears by the 18th article of its faith, which I have just quoted, and to which article Mr. Cowper professes his adherence, it being part and parcel of his creed. Were such his private opinion merely, ihe has a right to it; it is a part of his pro. perty; but to ask your suffrages on this accorunt, as a proof of his fitness to make laws for you, is a stretch of hardihood without, I believe, a parallel in the colony. No doubt the man thinks all this. His papa, to be sure, has told hims so, and mamma also, and nurse; he has got it by rote, as a parrot has got pretty poll ! pretty boy ! His church ' firmly main. tains her principles," old Chathan has told us long ago; she has (he says) a Calvinistio creed, a popish liturgy, and an Arminian clergy. Her liberality may be seen in the half-hangings, rippings up, and quarterings of Queen Elizabeth and James the First, in the double land tax and fine of £20 a month for non-attendance at. cburch. In Ireland it was con. splcuously seen In the penal laws,which made pro. perty a crime, filial duty illegal, education felony, and religion treason! while not a statute nor a line was struck out of this horrible, bloody, and brutal code by the common sense of mankind, but in spites of the most strenuous and pertinacious resistansce of the Es. tablished Churcfis, from the Archbishops of Canter. .bury and Armsgh down to the curate at £75 a year. Yet this stolid creature, ignorant even of the history of his own country, volunteers to legislate for you I What sortof laws is such a man capable of making? Will he not-maust be not (if supported by kindred spirits) re-elevate his church upon the ruins of all that is liberal, and rational, and enlightened in the colony I Must his bowels not yearn to see Sir Richard Bourke's church act repealed, and the one-seventh of the broad lands of the colony again the domains of the church, with full and absolute control over public education and all thle at ceteras t But see further his extreme modesty in order to have him as your representative, he requires of you to reject Mr.Therry I to reject a man who, compared with him, is as "hyperion to a satyr;" a man of sense, of education, of eloquence, of tried honesty -a man who, in whatever situation, hias a" won golden opinions from all sorts of people;" a man instructed by travel, who has seen thle effects of good and of bad laws upon mankind; a man who has learned lessons of political wisdom in that best of schools, adversity, and knows what it is to feel the Iron of eppression enter the soul. He lihas suffered persecution and has learned mercy" (as a writer has elegantly remarked); he has seen how a dominant church has marred the fair face of one of the lovliest portions of the British empire; and he never can consent that the angelic form of religion (that daughter of heaven) shall be transformed into a fury, scourging mankind with scorpions. I presume, sir, you also hold with Mr. Cowper the doctrines of the United Church of England and Ireland? of the Church of England I know not much, except by report; I leave to others to describe it, but of the Irash portion of it I happen to know a little. In that ill-fated land your church has had a long and a fair trial; and, surely, if ever the hand. writing " Theke " applied to a church, it does to it; it has been weighed in the balance and found wanting." For three hundred years it has had all that its heart could wish; the government pledged to support it, the lord lieutenant on its side; the parliament, the chancellor, the judges, juries, sheriffs, lawyers, attornies, magistrates, church. wardens, bailiffs, asill all were Episcopalian, all enlisted on the side of the Established Church. Site had, moreover, a standing army of sometimes twenty, sometimes thirty, sometimes forty regiments of horse, foot, and artillety,* to levy her tithe at the point of the bayonet a she lhad 900,000 acres of church lands, with the one-tenth of the whole gross produce of the soil besides ; site had twenty-two archbishops and bishops, with deans, archdeacons, plebeondaries, and parsons without number to preach her doctrine she had, moreover, the penal laws (those dreadful laws ), with eighty-five statutes for the levying of tithe alone s and what has been the result of all this unparallelled apparatus t What the working of this tremeodous machinery t What has it done for the statel What for the crown? What for the people? What for education? What for humanity? Why this.; that after three hundred years, you have a nation divided, distracted, im poverished, beggared, degraded, clad in rags, and living on potatoes a your own docks, which your writers boasted were, in the beginniog of last cen tury, one-half of the population, appear by the last cenaua to be one fourteenthi the Catholics being seven millions, and the EpiscopalIans half a million; the Dissenters as many; so that yon are but one fifteenth part of the population now I1 Behold the fruits of a dominant churchi Such are the results of that system of which Mr. Cowper professes himself the disciple, the admirer, and the champion. It wotld horrify my reader. were I to detail the scenes which have taken place in this creel and insane attempt to force religion down the throats of the people, by the sword and penal statutes; itis sufficient to say that it has been publicly assetted in Dublin (and never con tradicted), that in 20 years preceding 134,-you shot3 hung, or transported, trwenty- atizthousand men iEIreland. If this be so, what must the number be since the hangings and shootings began ? I saw with my own eyes the gory spot on which one of your brethren slew fourteen men and one woman, and wounded twenty-four other poor unarmed peasant., in levying tithe t; this was done by a fanatical Orange yeomanry, rendered more ferocious by a previous course of sermons and lectures against Popery, delivered by the clergy of the diocese at the command of a right. rev. personage who lived about six miles from the scene of carnage. Yet not one of these murderers ware punished ! for the grand jury threw out the bills of indictment, and they returned home shouting as in a kind of ovation, b '1shilao v of tlcso troops mlptit bawe bern wlthdrawn, but for tire levy of tithes, and tire itlseontent thedr levy gnas sins to. To gono ifrther bahch than the blerin at of aulri Anne's rErtg-oauppoio the eddltional troops required on on count of ttlihm to cast tire natIon only £OOO,thtt a year, mild tire stiur~l toroma balop eslattnedl at £tpoao0eeon yeas, ei, whole amounts to £5tO,niO aO~ yae-rwidoti woutd mk tete of re AIi) i~drednic olSAIt eigtyvllto,,a of poundcs sterling, whlrch the artsti Chburch ha, coat tbs pubtie ri about one hundred and forty years I Yet tints iaotlanal job-trIs ennotr~smonaeomally-tlits outrogo upon common deceney said sommo, tioerrgmtys Mr. Cowanera 1 bmfa h ano p wrrectloo Ir atarihr snite w17th Jears tri81 tiof purtymid wIthr alt Its horrors of aheodlrigs, Imprstll. eroonpoetlirgs-the very story ef wrlats rtsnlii. ibsoglngsi~t~ macry brunions fomrelper rnl etd r sad which am strati san, ehuechr, ealtlag Itslf Obeltatta, ever anrpeitratad baefore. t At Newtownbarry, on the 17th June, le1l,this dreadful massacre took place. Surely the Irish are most stupid and ungrateful not to love theo Thirty- nine Articles and Protestant ascendancy I Enough of this: but entre noue, I have a question or two to ask you rev. Sir, and am happy to meet so accurate an anatomist of words and phrases, and much pleased in an opportunity of making the en quiry from so severe a critic. Dr. Polding, it seems, is accountable for every word and letter in the Ca tholic ritual, of Episcopal consecration, and what is still more curious (and rather hard), you will not allow him, nor the Rev. Mlr. M'Encroe, nor even the Pope himself, to explain the sense in uwhlich they receies and use them. You alone (guided of course by the enlightened Dr. Broughton) are the expositor of these words, forgetting altogether your own practice at all times; e.g., in thetase words, "I thee worship," addressed to a woman in your ritual; and the still more celebrated equivoque of " verily and indeed," which beats to nothing the Pytlrian oracle, Alo to Eaeida, Romanos viscero posse. One of my questions is,do you or do you not believe in the 17th Article of your Church, which declares that " Bef ore the foundasuons of the world were laid, God had decreed by his counsel to deliver those whom he had chosen in Christ out of mankind, and bring them to everlasting salvation, oas vessels made to honour;" and vice versd, the reprobate he dooms to everlasting perdition. I omit the whole article for brevity, but this is the evident meaning, to me at least. Now, Sir, if the elect are to be saved do what they will (as David), and the seprobate by an eternal doom be lost; do what they may, I ask. you to shew that your lectures, or even your prayers or sermons, have anythiog to do in the matter? If salvation be decreed to the elect before the founda. tions of the world were laid, what has preaching to do with it 1 If on the other hand a man be repro. bated from eternity, how can preaching or praying save him 1 Pray answer these questions plainly, rationally, and without ambages and circumlocu. tion ; if you do not hbelieve the aforesaid seventeenth Article, gay so. If you do believe it, why preach ? Why lecture Why excite the most violent and dangerous of passions, religious hate and strire 1 If I know Dr. Polding's doctrine it differs a little from your 17th article, and is this, vir.: that no man, from righteous Abel who was the first, to the last of the saints, whether under the patriarchal, the natural, the Mosaic, or the Christian law, either did or ever will enter heaven, unless by his own free will he concurred with divine grace. So neither was Cain, Judas nor any other, doomed to reproba tion, except that they bad, by the exercise of their free will, opposed that grace, and sinned by violat ing the divine law. I should like to ask you another little question or two, such as, where in Scripture do you find that a King can appoint a head to Christ's church or any part of it 1 and also in what chapter and verse is it that we may find autlhority given to a King, or Queen and her Parliament, to tell us what is the meaning of the Holy Ghost in the inspired writings? But these I do not wish now to trouble you with, being unwilling to tax your brains too heavily: the grava. men of what I demand of you lies in tire last of two more very short and simple questions (only) that I shall put, which if you are not able satisfactorily to answer, you would be bound as an honest man to say so; or if you are able, you are equally bound to do it. Thie questions are theseta: 1\. How can they preach except they be sent ? 2\. Who sent you to preach ? You will please to bear in mind that by the Book of Homilies, wlhiclh is canonized in youri 35th article, it is declared that " thole Christendom, clergy and lairy, learned and unlearned, senr, wome's and chielrren,. were drownecd in abominable idolatry, and that Jor 800 years and more." Now, sir, I anm molat curious to learn how you derive a true missiorn from an Idolatrous, and therefobre false, churclh-the pure wor ship of Christ and God from impure Pagans I How this is done will no doubt astonish numbers; yet this you must do (if you be sent) unless you leap that enormous chasm, or hiatus, of 800 years and more, which yawns between Mathew Parker and St. Augustine of Canterbury ; for as the idolatry reigned more than 800 years, and as Augustine died A. D. 607 (we may as well say thlis), for it is but .953 years from his death to the ratificatlion of the articles in 1560; or will you pretend that Mathew Parker could have an authority from the then head of the Catholic church to preach against himself' Did any King or Potentate ever do so foolish a thing as to give a General a commission to wage war against his master? Should you answer these questions clearly and satisfactorily your triumph will be complete: your Bishop's-ire wall be appeased; Dr. Polding will be come a man of straw, and his title of Archbishop but as as -onans, as sounding brass a the Man of Sin will receive a wound more deadly than hie did from the Northern Solomon when be came, ' like the Sun in his strength," to enlighten Christendom, on the setting of that bright occfdentol eatr, Queen Elizabeth * and you yourself, your glory will be immortal, for with what pmans and acclamations will your name not be applauded and handed down to posterity sa the man who gave the coup de grace to Antichrist (which so many who tried failed to do), and at last put an end to the mass, that " blasphemous fable and dangerous dec.1 ;'" for (f yoa hawva mission the mass cannot-ought not to stand. Iam, sir, your obedient servant, VINDEX. 