ENGLISH EXTRACTS. REVIEW. American Notes for General Circulation. By Charles Dickens, 2 vols. Lon- don, Chapman and Hall, 1842.— (From the Times.) Mr. Dickens possesses the very happy and rare power of placing matters of ordi- nary occurrence in a new light, detecting and bringing forth to view some fresh feature of interest from the most trite and common topics. Whoever looked upon that common-place personage, " the boots of an inn," with the eyes of the creator of Sam Weller ? We have most of us heard years ago of the advertising schoolmasters in the north of England, who undertook to do for little boys at an inconceivably cheap rate ; but how deeply, and we may add, usefully is the public mind now impressed with the abominations of the system by Boz's picture of Dotheboys-hall and its rascally proprietor. Again, the oppres- sion under which parish apprentices have groaned for generations was generally and vaguely familiar to the public, but we write advisedly when we say that many a magistrate has been led to exercise a more guarded caution in the binding out of workhouse children by a perusal of Oliver Twist. Boz mostly lays his scenes in what is called low life, and his characters are frequently what the fastidious, or the lady's-maid genteel, would designate vul- gar ; but he never so paints vice or vulgar- ity that a render is inflamed with a desire of imitation, or rises from his pages a con- taminated man. Mr. Dickens never labours, like the nauseous novelists of the Bulwer school, to make adultery respectable ; nor, with those of the Jack Sheppard sect, clothes the highwayman and the burglar with the mantle of the hero. Mr. Dickens is not a nice man, in Dean Swift's acceptation of the word ; he is not to be driven by a whiff of tobacco-smoke, or a coarse jest, or an uncouth gesture, from the contem- plation of any plasis of human nature whence instruction may be derived ; he has a keen perception of the ridiculous, and wit to shoot folly as it flies, but his satire has a moral, not a tainting effect, and while his hand wields the whip he has evidently a heart to help the poor. Impressed with this idea of Mr. Dickens's acute mind and kindly nature, and having long admired the wholesome character and beneficial tendency of his writings, we took up his American Notes with a full presentiment that we should honour them ; we anticipated amusement, and we have not been disappointed. Mr. Dickens set forth for America with good-natured determination not to be offended with those peculiarities of man- ner which ruffle most English travellers so much ; and not only was his own men- tal comfort considerably promoted by this wise resolve, but his notes are more cheer- ful, and also truthful, in consequence. " I should undoubtedly be offended," he remarks, with reference to an American landlord, " by such pro- ceedings at home, because there they are not the custom, and where they are not they would be impertinencies ; but in America, the only desire of a good- natured fellow of this kind is to treat his guests hospitably and well ; and I had no more right, and I can truly say no more disposition, to measure his conduct by our English rule and standard, than I had to quarrel with him for not being of the exact stature which would qualify him for admission into the Queen's Grenadier Guards." With all this considerate good- nature, however, Boz does not lack a keen sense of the ludicrous absurdity of this national inquisitiveness, nor a will to touch it off smartly, as the following laughable sketch will show :— " There was a man on board this boat with a light fresh-coloured face, and a pepper-and-salt suit of clothes, who was the most inquisitive fellow that can possibly be imagined. He never spoke otherwise than interrogatively. He was an embodied inquiry. Sitting down or standing up, still or moving, walking the deck or taking his meals, there he was, with a great note of interrogation in each eye, two in his cocked ears, two more in his turned-up nose and chin, at least half-a-dozen more about the corners of his mouth, and the largest one of all in his hair, which was brushed partly off his forehead in a flaxen clump. Every button in his clothes said, ' Eh ? What's that ? Did you speak ? Say that again, will you ?' He was always wide awake, like the enchanted bride who drove her husband frantic ; always restless ; always thirsting for answers ; perpetually seeking and never finding. There never was such a curious man. I wore a fur coat at that time, and before we were well clear of the wharf, he questioned me concerning it, and its price, and where I bought it, and when, and what fur it was, and what it weighed, and what it cost. Then he took notice of my watch, and asked what that cost, and whether it was a French watch, and where I got it, and how I got it, and how it went, and where the keyhole was, and when I wound it, every night or every morning, and whether I ever forgot to wind it at all, and if I did, what then ? Where I had been to last, and where was I going next, and where was I going after that ; and had I seen the President, and what did he say, and what did I say, and what did he say when I had said that ? Eh ? Lor now ! Do tell !" Vol. ii, p. 54. We will give Boz's first impressions of some of the American towns, which are amusingly quaint and characteristic ; and will, to begin, accompany Mr. Dickens to New York :— " The beautiful metropolis of America is by no means so clean a city as Boston, but many of its streets have the same characteristics ; except that the houses are not quite so gaudy, the gilded letters not quite so golden, the bricks not quite so red, the stone not quite so white, the blinds and area railings not quite so green, the knobs and plates upon the street doors not quite so bright and twinkling. There are many by-streets almost as neutral in clean colours, and positively in dirty ones, as by-streets in London ; and there is one quarter commonly called the Five Points, which, in respect to filth and wretchedness, may be safely backed against Seven Dials, or any other part of famed St. Giles's. The great promenade and thoroughfare, as most people know, is Broadway— a wide and bustling street, which from the Battery-gardens to its opposite termina- tion in a country road may be four miles long. Shall we sit down in an upper floor of the Carlton House Hotel (situate in the best part of this main artery of New York), and when we are tired of looking down upon the life below, sally forth, arm-in-arm, and mingle with the stream? Warm weather ! The sun strikes upon our heads at this open window, as though its rays were concen- trated through a burning-glass. But the day is in its zenith, and the season an unusual one. Was there ever such a bonny street as this Broadway ! The pavement stones are polished with the tread of feet until they shine again ; the red bricks of the houses might be yet in the dry hot kilns, and the roofs of the om- nibuses look as though, if water were poured on them, they would hiss and smoke, and smell like half-quenched fires. No stint of omnibuses here ! Half a dozen have gone by within as many minutes. Plenty of hackney cabs and coaches too ; gigs, phaetons, large-wheeled tilburies, and private carriages, rather of a clumsy make, and not very different from the public vehicles, but built for the heavy roads beyond the city pavement. Negro coachmen and white, in straw hats, black hats, white hats, glazed caps, fur caps ; in coats of drab, black, brown, green, blue, nankeen, striped jean, and linen ; and there, in that one instance (look while it passes, or it will be too late!), in suits of livery. Some southern Re- publican that, who puts his blacks in uni- form, and swells with Sultan pomp and power. Yonder, where that phaeton with the well-clipped pair of grays has stopped, standing at their heads now, is a Yorkshire groom, who has not been very long in these parts, and looks sorrowfully round for a companion pair of top boots, which he may traverse half the city without meeting. Heaven save the Indies, how they dress ! We have seen more colours in these ten minutes than we should have seen elsewhere in as many days. What various parasols ! What rainbow silks and satins ! What pinking of thin stockings, and pinching of thin shoes, and fluttering of ribbands and silk tassels, and display of rich cloaks with gaudy hoods and linings ! The young gentlemen are fond, you see, of turning down their shirt col- lars and cultivating their whiskers, es- pecially under the chin ; but they cannot approach the ladies in their dress or bear- ing, being, to say the truth, humanity of quite another sort. Byrons of the desk and counter, pass on, and let us see what kind of men those are behind ye— those two labourers in holiday clothes, of whom one carries in his hand a crumpled scrap of paper, from which he tries to spell out a hard name, while the other looks about for it on all the doors and windows, Irishmen both ! You might know them if they were masked, by their long-tailed blue coats and bright buttons, and their drab trousers, which they wear like men used to working dresses, who are used to no others. It would be hard to keep your model republics going without the countrymen and countrywomen of of these two labourers. For who else would dig, and delve, and drudge, and do domestic work, and make canals and roads, and execute great lines of internal im- provement ? Irishmen both, and sorely puzzled too to find out what they seek. Let us go down and help them for the love of home and that spirit of liberty which admits of honest service to honest men, and honest work for honest bread, no mat- ter what it be. That's well ! We have got at the right address at last, though it is written in strange characters truly, and might have been scrawled with the blunt handle of the spade the writer better knows the use of than a pen. Their way lies yonder, but what business takes them there? They carry savings. To hoard up? No. They are brothers, those men. One crossed the sea alone, and, working very hard for one half year, and living harder, saved funds enough to bring the other out. That done, they worked together, side by side, contentedly sharing hard labour and hard living for another term ; and then their sisters came, and then another brother, and, lastly, their old mother. And what now ? Why, the poor old crone is restless in a strange land, and yearns to lay her bones, she says, among her own people, in the old graveyard at home ; and so they go to pay her passage back ; and God help her and them, and every simple heart, and all who turn to the Jerusalem of their younger days, and have an altar fire upon the cold hearth of their fathers."— Vol. I., p. 191. We cannot follow Mr. Dickens further in his tour round New York, but strongly recommend every one to do so who has a relish for lively description interspersed with outbursts of kindly feeling such as are displayed in the conclusion of the above quotation. We now turn to Phila- delphia :— " We reached Philadelphia late at night. Looking out of my chamber window, be- fore going to bed, I saw on the opposite side of the way a handsome building of white marble, which had a mournful, ghost- like aspect dreary to behold. I attributed this to the sombre influence of the night, and on rising in the morning looked out again, expecting to see its steps mid portico thronged with groups of people passing in and out. The door was still tight shut, the same cold cheerless air prevailed, and the building looked as if the marble statue of Don Guzman could alone have any business to transact within its gloomy walls. I hastened to inquire its name and purpose, and then my surprise vanished It was the tomb of many fortunes, the grent catacomb of investment, t' memo- rable United States Bank. The stoppage of this blink, with all its ruinous conse- quences, had cast (as I was told on every side) a gloom on Philadelphia, under the depressing effect of which it yet laboured. It certainly did seem rather dull and out of spirits. It is a handsome city, but dis- tractingly regular. After walking about it for an hour or two, I felt that I would have given the world for a crooked street, The collar of my coat appeared to stiffen, and the brim ot my hat to expand, beneath its Quakerly influence. My hair shrunk into a sleek short crop, my hands folded them- selves upon my breast of their own calm accord, and thoughts of taking lodgings in Mark-lane, over against the market-place, and of making a large fortune by specula- tions in corn, came over me involuntarily." — Vol. 1. p. 236. "Here is Washington," says Mr. Dick- ens, "fresh in my mind and under my eye. Take the worst part of the City-road and Pentonville, preserving all their oddities, but especially the small shops and dwell- ings occupied there (but not in Washing- ton) by furniture brokers, keepers of poor eating-houses, and fanciers ol' birds. Burn the whole down, build it up again in wood and plaster, widen it a little, throw in part of St. John's-wood, put green blinds out- side all the private houses, with a red cur- tain and a white one in every window ; plough up all the roads ; plant a great deal of course turf in every place where it ought not to be ; erect three handsome buildings in stone and marble anywhere, but the more entirely out of everybody's way the better; call one the Post-office, one the Patent-office, and one the Treasury ; make it scorching hot in the morning, and freez- ing cold in the afternoon, with an occasional tornado of wind and dust; leave a brick- field without the bricks in all central places where a street may naturally be expected ; and that's Washington."-(p. 278.) The grotesque similes scattered through- out Mr. Dickens's descriptions are ex- tremely laughable — we mean in an agree- able acceptation of that word. Speaking of a town interspersed with trees, he says, "these groups of well- grown trees, clus- tering among the busy streets and houses of a thriving city, have a very quaint ap- pearance, seeming to bring about a kind of compromise between town and country, as if each had met the other halfway, and shaken hands upon it, which is at once novel and pleasant."-(vol. I, p. 184). In noting the difference of appear- ance presented by the steam-boats plying on the American rivers and ours, Boz in- dulges his fancy thus :--" the main deck is enclosed on all sides, and filled with casks and goods like any second or third floor in a stack of warehouses ; and the promenade or hurricane-deck is a top of that. A part of the machinery is always above this deck, where the connecting- rod, in a strong and lofty frame, is seen working away like an iron top- sawyer. There is seldom any mast or tackle ; nothing aloft but two tall black chimnies. The man at the helm is shut up in a little house in the fore-part of the boat, and the passengers, unless the weather be very fine indeed, usually congregate below. Directly you have left the wharf, all the life, and stir, and bustle of a packet cease. You wonder for a long time how she goes on, for there seems to be no one in charge of her: and when another of these dull machines comes splashing by, you feel quite indignant with it, as a sullen, cum- brous, ungraceful, unshiplike leviathan '; quite forgetting that the vessel you are on board of is its very counterpart." Pri- soners dressed in a striped uniform of black and buff are likened to " faded tigers." The American abomination of incessantly spitting excites Mr. Dickens's disgust, as it must do that of every civi- lized man, but he alludes to one demon- stration of this filthy practice in the fol- lowing playful manner :— " It was a fine evening when we were passengers in the train ; and watching the bright sunset from a little window near the door by which we sat, my attention was attracted to a remarkable appearance issuing from the windows of the gentle- men's car immediately in front of us, which I supposed for some time was oc- casioned by a number of industrious per- sons inside ripping open feather-beds and giving the feathers to the wind. At length it occurred to me that they were only spitting, which was indeed the case; though how any number of passengers which it was possible for that car to con- tain, conld have maintained such a playful and incessant shower of expectoration I am still at a loss to understand, notwith- standing the experience in all salivatory phenomena which I afterwards acquired." Mr. Dickens encounters a dropsical coach:— " After much blundering and backing, it stopped at the door, rolling heavily from side to side when its other motion had ceased, as if it had taken cold in its damp stable, and between that and the having been required in its dropsical old age to move at any faster pace than a walk were distressed by a shortness of wind." Vol. II., 30." We have a coach at Cincinnati which is plethoric :— " We start at eight o'clock in the morning, in a great mail coach, whose huge checks are so very ruddy and ple- thoric, that it appears to be troubled with a tendency ol' blood to the head." (p. 150.) Houses are animated by Mr. Dickens, as well as coaches :— " There are queer little barbers' shops and drinking houses in (St. Louis) this quarter, and abundance of crazy old tenements with blinking casements, such as may be seen in Flanders. Some of these ancient habi- tations, with high garret gable-windows perking into the roofs, have a kind of French shrug about them, and, being lop- sided with age, appear to hold their heads askew, as if they were grimacing in asto- nishment at the American improvements beside them." Our facetious traveller passed a magis- trate's office, " which amused me, as looking far more like a dame-school than any police establishment; for this awful institution was nothing but a little lazy good-for-nothing front parlour, open to the street, wherein two or three figures (I pre- sume the magistrate and his myrmidons) were basking in the sunshine, the very effigies of languor and repose. It was a perfect picture of Justice retired from bu- siness, for want of customers, her sword and scales sold off, napping comfort- ably, with her legs upon the table." But we should dismiss our readers with a very inadequate notion of Mr. Dickens's merits as an observant traveller, were we to present him merely in his mirthful mood ; for on all the important institutions of America he expatiates seriously and well. His description of the Perkins In- stitution and Massachusetts Asylum for the Blind at Boston (vol. r., p. G7-10o) is too long to extract, and too beautiful to quote by piecemeal. It is full of the sweetest fancies, and that man must have a harder heart than we possess who can peruse it without tears, not tears of sickly sensibility, but tears which, while they soften the feelings, stimulate the heart to active charity. We can bestow the same praise, and for a like reason, on the chapter upon Lowell and its Factory System. (Vol. i., p. 152, 161.) We would that the cotton lords of Leeds and Manchester would peruse and ponder this chapter which Mr. Dickens thus calmly, but solemnly, concludes :— " I have carefully abstained from draw- ing a comparison between these factories and those of our own land. The contrast would be a strong one, for it would be between the good and evil, the living light and deepest shadow. I abstain from it, because I deem it just to do so. But I only the more earnestly adjure all those whose eyes may rest on these pages, to pause and reflect upon the difference of this town (Lowell) and those great haunts of desperate misery (the manufacturing towns of England) ; to call to mind, if they can in the midst of party strife and squabble, the efforts that must be made to purge them of their suffering and danger ; and last, and foremost, to remember how the precious time is rushing by." Into the solitary system of prison dis- cipline, which has been tried on so large a scale in America, and still finds favourers in this country among those who believe themselves to be humane, Mr. Dickens very carefully inquired. His account of the Solitary Prison at Philadelphia is con- tained in chap. 7, vol. i. We most heartily concur with Mr. Dickens's elo- quent comments upon the system, and earnestly commend the following touching appeal to all those engaged in administer- ing, altering, or amending, the discipline of our prisons at home :— " In its effects," concludes Mr. Dickens, " I believe the system of solitary confine- ment to be cruel and wrong. In its in- tention I am well convinced that is is kind, humane, and meant for reformation ; but I am persuaded that those who devised this system of prison discipline, and those benevolent gentlemen who carry it into execution, do not know what it is that they are doing. I believe that very few men are capable of estimating the immense amount of torture and agony which this dreadful punishment prolonged for years inflicts upon the sufferers ; and in guessing at it myself, and in reasoning from what I have seen written upon their faces, and what, to my certain knowledge, they feel within, I am only the more convinced that there is a depth of terrible endurance in it which none but the sufferers themselves can fathom, and which no man has a right to inflict upon his fellow-creature. I hold this slow and daily tampering with the mysteries of the brain to be immeasurably worse than any torture of the body ; and because its ghastly signs and tokens are not so palpable to the eye and sense of touch as scars upon the flesh ; because its wounds are not upon the surface, and it extorts few cries that human ears can hear ; there- fore I the more denounce it, as a secret punishment which slumbering humanity is not roused up to stay. I hesitated once [and to this passage we call the attention of all magistrates and judges who, because they do not condemn prisoners to such long terms of solitary confinement as in America, think they are acting safely]— " I hesitated once, debating with myself whether if I had the power of saying ' Yes,' or ' No.' I would allow it to be tried in certain cases where the terms of imprisonment were short ; but now, I solemnly declare that, with no rewards or honours, could I walk a happy man beneath the open sky by day, or lie down upon my bed at night, with the consciousness that one human creature, for any length of time, no matter what, lay suffering this unknown punishment in his silent cell, and I the cause, or I consenting to it in the least degree." We probably may on some future occasion print the whole of the chapter whence this extract is taken, for the facts it contains are pregnant with information on the effects of solitary confinement. We have observed that Mr. Dickens went to America with a determination not to take offence where none was intended ; his first sentence after landing breathes good humour— " In all the public establish- ments of America the utmost courtesy pre- vails." This spirit was maintained by the traveller throughout, it sheds a lively light upon all his pages, and his concluding re- marks upon American institutions, manners, and society, are expressed with manly candour, but kindly. The citizens of the United States, our transatlantic brethren, inherit the noble qualities of their Saxon ancestry. They are by nature frank, brave, cordial, hos- pitable, and affectionate ; but bad insti- tutions, party spirit (that simoom of American life which blights everything within its withering influence), and above all, a degraded press— these three con- curring causes have rendered them dis- trustful, knavish— " smart" is their own phrase— sordid utilitarians. As illustrative of the prominence in the American cha- racter of a love of smart dealing, Mr. Dickens gives the following dialogue, which he says he has held a hundred times :— " ' Is it not a very disgraceful circum- stance that such a man as So-and-So should be acquiring a large property by the most infamous and odious means, and notwithstanding all the crimes of which he has been guilty, should be tolerated and abetted by your citizens ? He is a public nuisance; is he not ?' ' Yes, Sir.' 'A convicted liar?' 'Yes, Sir.' ' He has been kicked, cuffed, and caned ?' Yes, Sir.' ' And he is utterly dishonourable, debased, and profligate?' ' Yes, Sir.' ' In the name of wonder, then, what is his merit?' ' Well, Sir, he is a smart man.!' " To purify and ennoble a people so enamoured of smart dealing must be a work of time and labour ; but as Mr. Dickens well remarks, " schools may be erected, east, west, north, and south ; pupils may be taught and masters reared by scores upon scores of thousands colleges may thrive, churches may be cram- med, temperance may be diffused, and ad- vancing knowledge in all other forms walk through the land with giant strides ; but while the newspaper press of America is in or near its present abject state, high moral improvement in that country is hopeless." Upon this topic we have so recently enlarged at such length, as to render it unnecessary for us to dwell upon it longer at present than to mention that Mr. Dickens found a bright specimen of newspaper literature at Sandusky, whose editor "pledged his credit to all true Americans, that if Mr. Webster only did his duty in the then approaching negotia- tions with Lord Ashburton, and sent the English lord home again in double quick time, they should within two years sing Yankee Doodle in Hyde Park, and Hail Columbia in the scarlet courts of West- minster !" As a sample of the personal habits and appearance of the gentlemen who conduct the journals in which these magniloquent boasts are made, we may refer to the party of active persons who scrambled onboard Mr. Dickens's ship, off Boston, "at the peril of their lives, as we approached the wharf, whom I supposed to be news- men ; whereas, despite the leathern wallets of news slung about the necks of some, and the broad sheets in the hands of all, they were editors, who boarded ships in person (as one gentleman in a worsted comforter informed me) because they liked the excitement of it ?" As a brief con- clusion, we pronounce these American notes worthy of the banks of Boz ; they are impressed with the characters of good sense, kind feeling, and good humour, and we trust they will circulate round many a winter's fire-side, for they are adequate to convey both wit and wisdom in their course. BENEFIT OF ADVERTISING. — We un- derstand from a source that may be relied on, that Mr. Robert Sears, of New York, had expended, alone, for advertising his Pictorial Illustrations of the Bible, during eighteen months, the snug little sum of five thousand dollars ! The fruits of this heavy outlay, and apparent waste of money, were made manifest in the sale during that period, of upwards of thirty thousand volumes ! Papers, to the number of one thousand, throughout the whole United States and British Provinces, con- tained the advertisement. Many of them were of the most costly kind. For one page of the Mammoth New World, pub- lished in 1841, Mr. Sears paid the small sum of one hundred dollars for a single insertion. Such a generous patronage of the press is worthy of all imitation — and persons of all trades would do well to think often of Mr. Sears, follow his example, and thus reap the reward of well directed and judicious advertising. — New York Herald. THE MARKET AT PETERSBURG. — Not only is everything brought in sledges, but the sledges serve at the same time for shops and counters. The mats which cover the goods are thrown back a little, and the pieces of geese, fowls, and calves, are ranged on the edge, and hung up at the corners and on the tops of the posts. The geese are cut up into a hundred pieces ; the necks are sold separately, the legs separately, the heads and rumps separately, each in dozens and half dozens strung together. Who- ever is too poor to think of the rump buys a string of frozen heads, and he who finds the heads too dear, give six copecks for a lot of necks, while he who cannot afford these makes shift with a couple of dozen feet, which he stews down on Sunday into a soup for his family The sledges with oxen, calves, and goats, have the most ex= traordinary appearance. These animals are brought to market perfectly frozen. Of course they are suffered to freeze in an ex- tended posture, because in this state they are manageable. There stand the tall figures of the oxen, like blood-stained ghosts, lifting up their long horns, around the sides of the sledge; while the goats, look- ing exactly as if they were alive, only with faint, glazed, and frozen eyes, stand threateningly opposite to one another Every part is hard as stone. The car- cases are cut up, like trunks of trees, with an axe and saw. The Russians are par- ticularly fond of the sucking pig, and whole trains of sledges laden with infant swine come to the market. The little starvelings, strung together like thrushes, are sold by the dozen, and the long-legged mothers keep watch over them around the sledge. The anatomy of the Russian butcher is a very simple science. For, as even part, flesh or bone, is alike hard, they have no occasion to pay regard to the natural divisions of the joints. With the saw they cut up hogs into a number of steaks, an inch or two inches thick, as we do a rump of beef. The flesh splits and shivers during the operation, like wood, and the little beggar wenches are very busy picking up the animal sawdust out of the snow. You do not ask for a steak, a chop, a joint, but for a slice, a block, a lump, a splinter of meat. The same is the case with fish : they too are as if cut out of marble and wood. Those of the dimi- nutive species, like the snitki, are brought in sacks, and they are put into the scales with shovels. The large pike, salmon, and sturgeon, every inch of which was once so lith and supple, are now stiffened as if by magic. To protect them from the warmth, in case of sudden thaw, for thaw- ing would essentially deteriorate their flavour, they are covered with snow and lumps of ice, in which they lie cool enough. It is not uncommon for the whole cargo to be frozen into one mass, so that crow- bar and pincers are required to get at in- dividual fish. So long as the cold in winter keeps every fluid congealed, and the snow covers every impurity with a white carpet, this Haymarket is tolerably clean, and you cannot pick up much dirt that may not easily be removed. All offal that is thrown away is instantly frozen to the ground. Hence there is formed in the course of the winter such an accumulation of sheep's eyes, fish tails, crabs' shells, goats hair, hay, dung, fat, blood, &c.;, that when Spring strips off the covering kindly lent by Winter, the place is like a real Augean stable.— Kohl's Russia. FIGS VERSUS SUGAR.— The Paris cor- respondent of the Prussian State Gazette gives the following account of a recent dis- covery, which, if the statement is correct, may lead to most important consequences : "The struggle that has been going on for so many years in France between the beet- root and the sugar-cane, seems likely to become still more intricate, in consequence of the unexpected appearance of a new candidate in the field. It is said to have been discovered at Algiers, that the fruit of the fig cactus, a plant that grows there in immense quantities, contains such an abundance of saccharine matter, that the heat of the sun is sufficient to distil and crystallise the sugar. This discovery was the result of a mere accident. The fig of the cactus is eaten in great quantities by the French troops during the summer months. At Maskara, this summer, the consump- tion was such, that the authorities ordered the streets to be cleared of the peels or husks which had been thrown there in such masses as to be deemed dangerous to public health. The rubbish thus col- lected was deposited in a heap outside of the town, where the figs, exposed to the full heat of the sun became covered in a few days with an incrustation that looked like saltpetre, and that attracted the at- tention of General Lamoriciere, the com- mandant of Maskara. The general or- dered some of the chrystallised matter to be collected, which, on a closer investiga- tion, was found to be sugar of remarkable purity and excellence. It has since been calculated that the abundance in which the plant exists, and the low price at which the fruit is sold, would allow sugar to be manufactured from it in large quan- tities, at about four sous (2d.) a pound. The cultivation of the plant can, however, be extended almost indefinitely, for it thrives on the poorest soils, and to pro- pagate it, all that is required is to plant one of the leaves." SHERRY WINE. — Mr. Gordon took us to various vaulted, long rooms, or barns, in each of which were the wines of the different years, disposed in rows one above another. He told me that, altogether, I saw collected 4,500 butts of sherry. His people then brought trays with many glasses, and the first three wines he made me taste were pale sherry of £75 per butt, brown sherry of ditto, and common sherry of £30 ditto. It may well be conceived that the last was as bad as the wine at an English inn ; and Mr. Gordon admitted, that, it was made up only for the most ordinary export to America. Of his two finer class wines I preferred the pale ; but he next produced the same sorts at £100 per butt, and they were very far superior. On my inquiring the cause of difference between pale and brown sherry, and the enormous disparity of prices in the article, Mr. Gordon frankly told me that all sherry wine was of the same light colour in its infancy, getting dark and brown the older it grows, and the longer it is kept in the butt ; but the arti- ficial process of making it dark is accom- plished by keeping the oldest kind of sherry, which is called madre, and colour- ing the younger wine with it. In short, the whole history seems to lie in the mix- ing of the wine, its age, and the number of voyages it has made to the East Indies ; and the degree of management of all the mixing and manufacturing, before it is started for exportation, rests, after all, in the discretion of the proprietor alone. Getting perfectly pure wine is therefore a chimera ; and the wine drinkers in En- gland may do well to consider what changes it goes through in our merchants' hands. The best I tasted at Mr. Gor- don's was £100 pale sherry, and this I ordered for myself and friends. We next tasted wines of different ages, the oldest always certainly the best ; and lastly, the wine just come from the vineyard, and still fermenting, which looked like a dose of rhubarb, and was as luscious as it was nasty.— Marquis of Londonderry's Tour. NAPOLEON'S DEPARTURE FROM PARIS IN JANUARY, 1814.— Previously to setting out to take the command of his troops Napoleon made his final dispositions for the government during his absence from the capital. To announce his immediate arrival with the army he sent forward Berthier some days before he himself set out, and meanwhile he organized with Savary and the Council of State the means of maintaining tranquility in the capital and insuring the direction of affairs. The Regency was conferred by letters patent on the Empress Maria Louisa, but with her was conjoined on the day following his brother Joseph, under the title of Lieut.- General of the Empire. On the 23d he prepared a military solemnity, calculated to rouse the national feelings in the highest degree. It was Sunday, and, after hearing mass, the Emperor received the principal officers of the National Guard in the apartments of the Tuileries. The Empress preceded him on entering the apartments. She was followed by Madame de Montesquieu, who carried in her arms the King of Rome, then a lovely infant of three years of age. His blue eyes and light hair bespoke his German descent ; but the keen look and thoughtful turn of countenance betrayed the mingled Italian blood. He wore the uniform of the Na- tional Guard, his golden locks fell in luxurious ringlets over his rounded shoul- ders, and his little eyes beamed with de- light at the military garb in which he was now for the first time arrayed. Napoleon took the child by the hand, and advancing into the middle of the circle, with his head uncovered, and a solemn air, he thus addressed them :— " Gentlemen,— I am about to set out for the army ; I intrust to you what I hold dearest in the world— my wife and my son. Let there be no political divisions ; let the respect for property, the mainte- nance of order, and, above all, the love of France animate every bosom. I do not disguise that, in the course of the military operations which are to ensue, the enemy may approach in force to Paris ; it will only be an affair of a few days ; before they are past, I will be on their flanks and rear, and annihilate those who have dared to violate our country." Then taking the noble child in his arms, he went through the ranks of his officers, and presented him to them as their future sovereign. Cries of enthusiasm rent the apartments ; many tears were shed ; a sense of the solemnity of the moment penetrated every bosom ; and cold indeed must have been that heart which did not then thrill with patriotic ardour. The apartment where this me- morable scene took place was the same which, two-and-twenty years before, had witnessed the degradation of Louis XVI., when that unhappy monarch had been compelled to put on the red cap of liberty ; and Napoleon, then a boy at college, had witnessed with such indignation the tu- multuous assemblage which thronged the gardens of the Tuileries. Revolution had run its course ; in the very spot where its ex- cesses commenced its chief was doomed to drink the bitterest draught in the waters of affliction. On the following day Napoleon made all the necessary preparations for his departure, burned his most secret papers, and gave his final instructions to Joseph and the Council of State. At three in the morning of the 25th he embraced the Em- press and his son FOR THE LAST TIME, and set out for the army ; HE NEVER SAW THEM AGAIN !"— Alison. 