AMERICAN NOCKS FOR GENERAL CIRCULA XION -BY" CHARLES DICKENS. FnOM PTTTcBUnC TO CINCINNATI IN A WESTERN STEAM-BOAT. CINCINNATI. THE Wrsspnqer was one arnon«; a crowd of high- j ?pressure stfam-rinats, clustered together by the j wharf-«td«1, which, looked down upon from the j rising (¡round that forms the landing-place, andi Thackpd l)v the lofty bank on the opposite side j of the tiver, appeared no larger than so ni au y j floating models. She had some foity passengers! on board, exclusive of the poorer persons on the lower deck; anti in half aa hour, or less, pro cceded «»n her wav. Wo h »tl, for ourselves, a tiny state room with two berths in it, opening out of the ladies* cabin. There wa«, undouhlediy, something satisfactory in this " local iou,'' inasmuch as it wa« ia the stern, and «e had hpen a areal many times very gravely recommended to keep as far aft as pos sible, "bpcattse the steam-boats generally blow up forw.»rd." Nor was this an unnecessary caution, as the occurrence and circumstances of more than one such fatality during our stay Miificietitlv testified. Apart from this source of self-congratulation, it was an unspeakable relief to have any place, no matter how confined, where one could be alone; and as the row of little chambers,of which this was one, had each a second glass door besides that in the ladies' edlin, which opened on a narrow gallery outside the vessel, where the other passengers seldom Crime, and where ons could sit in peace and gaze upon the shifting prospect, we tuok possession ol our new quarters with much pleasure. If the native packets I have already described be unlike anything we are in the habit of seeing on water, these western vessels are still more foreign to all the ideas we are accustomed to e.iteitain of boats. 1 hardly know what to liken them to, or how to descube them. In the first place, they have no mast, cordage, tickle, rigging, or other such boat like gear; nor have they anything in their shape at ail cal culated to remind one of a boat's head, stern, sides, or keel. Except that tfiey are in the water, and display a couple of p iddle boxes, they might be intended, for anything that appears to the contrary, to perform some unknown service, high and dry, upou a mountain top. There is no visible deck, even-nothing but a tong:, black, nely roof, covered with burnt-out feathery sparks ; above which towered two iron chimneys, and a hoarse escape valve,' and a glass steerage house. Then, in order as the eye descends towards the water, ar« the sides and doors and windows of the stale rooms, jumbled as odiiiy together as though they formed a small street, built by the varyipg tastes of a dozen men : the whole is supported on beams and pillars resting on a dirty barjoe, but a few inches' above the water's edge : and in the narrow space between this upper structure and this barge's deck, are the furnace fin s atid machinery, open at the sirle» to every wind that blows, and every storm of rain it drives along its path. Passing one of these boats at night, and seeing the gieat body of fire» exposed as Ï have just described, that rages ami roars beneath the frail pile of painted wood : the machinery, not ! warded off or guarded in any way, but doing its work in the midst of the crowd of idlers, and emigrants, and children, who throng the lower deck ; under the management, too, of reckless men, whose acquaintance with its mysteries may have been of six months' standing : one feels directly that the wonder is, not that there.should be so many fatal accidents, but that any journey should be safely made. Within there is one long narrow cabin, the whole length of the boat, from which the state rooms open on both sides. A small portion of it at the stern is partitioned off for the ladies ; and the bar is at the opposite extreme. There is a long table down the Gent re, and at either end a stove. The washing apparatus is found on the deck. It is a little better than on board (he canal boat, but not much. In all modes of travelling, the American customs with reference to the means of personal cleanliness and whole some ablution, are extremely negligent and filthy ; and I strongly incline to the belief that a considerable amount of illuess is referable to this cause. We are to be on board the Messenger three days, arriving at Cincinnati (barring accidents) on Monday morning. There are three meals a-day. Breakfast at seven, dinner at half-past twelve, supper about six. At each, títere are i a great many small dishes and plates upon the table, with very little in them ; so that although there is every appearance of a mighty ««spread," there is seldom really more than a joint, except for those who fancy slices of beetroot, shreds of dried beef, complicated entanglements of yellow pickle, maize, Indian corn, apple sauce, and pumpkin. Same people fancy all these little dainties to gether (and sweet preserves besides), by way of relish to their roast pig. They are generally those dyspeptic ladies and gentlemen who eat unheard of quantities of hot corn bread (almost as good for the digestion as a kueaded pin cushion) for breakfast and for supper. Those who do not observe this custom, and who help themselves several times instead, usually suck their knives aud forks meditatively, until they have decided what to take next ; then pull them out of their mouths; put them in the dish ; help themselves; and fail to work again. At dinner there is nothing to drink on the table but great jugs full of cold water. Nobody says anything at any meal, to anybody. AU the passengers are very dismal, and seem to have tremendous secrets weighing on their minds. There is no conversation, no laughter, no cheerfulness, no sociality, except in spitting, and that is done in silent fellowship round the stove, wheo the meal is over. Every man sits down, duli and languid, swallows his fare, as if breakfasts, dinners, and suppers, were necessities of nature never to be coupled with recreation or enjoyment ; and having bolted his food in a gloomy silence, bolts himself in the same state. But for these animal observances, you might suppose the whole male portion of the company to be the melancholy ghosts of departed book keepers, who had fallen dead at the desk ; such is their weary aid of business and calculation. Undertakers on duty would be sprightly beside them ; and a collation of funeral-baked meats, in comparison with these meals, would be a sparkling festivity. The people are all alike, too. There is no diversity of character. They travel about on the same errands, say and do the same things in exactly the same manner, and follow in the same dull, cheerless round. All down the long table, there is scarcely a man who is tn anything different from hts neighbour. It is quite a relief to have sitting opposite, that little girl of fil teen, with the loquacious chm ; who, to do her justice, acts up to it, and fully identifies nature's handwriting, ¡ forol all the small chatterboxes that ever invaded j the repose of a drowsy ladies' cabin, she is the , first and foremost. The beautiful girl, who sits ! a little beyond her-further down the table ; there-married the young man with the dark I whiskers, who sits beyond her, only last month. Tliey are going to settle in the very Far West, where has lived four years, and where she has never been. They were both overturned in a stage-coach the other day (a bad omen any ! where else, where overturns are not socomnym), ! and his head, which hears the mark of a recent wound, is bound up still. She was hurt too, at the same time, and lay insensible for some days, bright as her eyes are now. Further down still, sits a man who is going some miles beyond their place of destination, to *. improve" a newly discovered copper mine, j He carries the village-that is to be-with him: ! a few frame cottages, and apparatus for smelting the copper« He carries its people too. They are partly American and partly Irish, and herd together on the lower deck; where they amused themselves lest evening till the night was pretty far advanced, by alteruately firing off pistols and singing hymns. They, and the very few who have been left at table twenty minutes, rise, and go away. We do so too ; and passing through our little state room, resume our seats in the quiet gallery without. m A fine broad river always, but in some parts wider than in others; and then there is usually a green island, covered with trees, dividing- it into two streams. Occasionally, we stop for a few minutes, may be to take in wood, may be for passengers, at some small town or village ¡ (I ought to say city, every place is a city here), but the banks are for the most part deep solitudes, overgrown with trees, which, hereabouts, are already in leaf and very green. For mites, and miles, and miles, these solitudes are unbroken by any sign of human life or trace of human footsteps, nor is anything seen to move about them but the blue jay, whose colour is so bright, and yet so delicate, that it looks like a flying flower. At lengthened intervals a log cabin, with its little space of cleared land about it, nestles under a rising ground, and sends its thread of blue smoke curling up into the sky. it ftands in the corner of the poor field of wheat, which is full of great unsightly stumps, like earthy butchers' blocks. Sometimes the ground is only just now cleared : the felled trees lying yet upou the soil; and the log-house only this morning begun. As we passed this clearing, the settler leans upon his axe or hammer, and looks wistfully at the people from the world. The children creep out of the temporary hot, which is like a gipsy tent upon the ground, and clap (heir hands and shout. The dog only glances round at us ; and then looks up into his master's face again, as if he were rendered un easy by any suspension of the common business, and bad nothing more to do with pleasure?. And still there is the same, eternal foreground. The river has washed away its banks, and stately trees have fallen down into the stream* Some hare been there so long that they are mere dry grizzly skeletons. Some have just toppled over, and having earth yet about their roots, are' bathing their green heads in the river, and put ting forth new shoots and branches. Some are almost sliding down as you look at them. And I some were drowned so long ago, that their bleached arms start out from the middle of the current, and seem to try to grasp the boat, and drag it under water. Through such a scene as this, the unwieldy machine takes its hoarse sullen way ; venting, at every revolution of the paddles, a loud high pressure blast, enough, one would think, to waken up the host of Indians who lie buried in a great mound yonder, so old that mighty oaks aud other forest trees have struck their roots into its earth, and so high that it is a hill even among the hills that Nature planted round it. The very river, as though it shared one's feel ings of compassion for the extinct tribes who lived so pleasantly here, in their blessed igno rance of white existence, hundreds of years ago, steals out of its way to ripple near this mound ; and there are few places where the Ohio sparkles more brightly than in Big Grave Creek. Ail this I see as I sit in the little stern gallery mentioned just now. Evening slowly steals upon the landscape, and changes it before me, when we stop to set some emigrants ashore. Five men, as many women, aud a little girl. All their worldly goods are a bag, a large chest, and an old chair; one old high-backed chair-a i solitary settler in itself. They are rowed ashore in the boat, while the vessel stands a little off, waiting its return, the water being shallow. They are landed at the foot of a high bank, on the summit of which are a few log cabins, only attainable by a long winding path, lt is grow ing dusk, but the sun is very red, and shines in the water and on some of the tree tops like fire. The men get out of the boat first, help out the women, take out the bag, the chest, the chair ; bid the rowers " good bye," and shove the boat off for them. At the first plash of the oars in the water, the oldest woman of the party sits down in the old chair, close to the water's edge, without speaking a word. None of the others sit down, though the chest is large enough for many seats. They all stand were they landed, as if stricken into stone, and look after the boat. So they remain quite still and silent; the old woman and her old chair in the centre ; the bag and chest upon the shore, without anybody heed ing them-all eyes fixed upon the boat. It comes alongside, is made fast, the men jump on board, the engine is put in motion, and we go hoarsely on again. There they stand yet,with out the motion of a hand. 1 can see them through my glass, when, in the distance and increasing darkness, they are but meie specks to the eye lingering there still, the old woman in the old chair, and ali the rest about her, not stirring in the least degree. And thus £ slowly lose them. Tlie night is dark, and we proceed within the shadow of the wooded bank, which makes it darker. After gliding past the sombre maze of boughs for a long time, we come upon an open space, where the tall trees are burning. The shape of every branch and twig is expressed in a deep red glow, and as the light wind stirs and ruffles it, they seem tn vegetate in fire. It is such a sight as we read of in legends of en chanted forests, saving that it is sad to see these noble v.orks wasting away so awfully, alone ; and to think how many years must come and go before the magic that created them will rear the like upon this ground again. But the time will come ; and when, iu their changed ashes, the growth of centuries unborn has struck the roots, the restless men of distant ages will repair to these again unpeopled solitudes; and their fel lows, in cities far away, that slumber now, per haps, beneath the rolling sea, will read, in lan guage strange to any ears in being now, but very old to them, of primeval forests where the axe was never heard, and where the jungled ground was never trodden by a human foot. Midnight and sleep blot out these scenes and thoughts ; and when the morning shines again, it gilds the house-tops of a lively city, before whose broad paved wharf the boat is moored : with other boats, flags, moving wheels, and hum of mea around it, as though there were not a solitary or silent rood of ground within the com pass of a thousand miles. Cincinnati is a beautiful city; cheerful, thriv ing, and animating. I have not often seen a place that commends itself so favourably and pleasantly to a stranger at the first glance as this does, with its clean houses of red aud white, its well-paved roads, and footways of bright j tile. Nor does it become less prepossessing on I a closer acquaintance. The streets are broad and airy, the shops extremely good, the private residences remarkable for their elegance and neatness. There is something of invention and fancy in the varying «tyles of these latter erec tions, which, after the dull company of the steam-boat, is perfectly delightful, as conveying an assurance that there are such qualities still in existence. The disposition to ornament these pretty villas and render them attractive, leads to the culture of trees and flowers, and the lay ing out of well-kept gardens, the sight of which, to those who walk along the streets, is inexpres sibly refreshing and agreeable. I was quite charmed with the appearance of the town, and its adjoining suburban of Mount Auburn ; from which the city, lying in an amphitheatre of bills, forms a picture of remarkable beauty, and is seen to great advantage. There happened to be a great temperance convention held here on the day after our ar rival ; and as the order of march brought the procession under the windows of the hotel in which we lodged, when they started in the morning, 1 had a good opportunity of seeing it. It com prised several thousand men, the members of the ** Washington Auxiliary Temperance Societies ;" and was marshalled by officers on horseback, who cantered briskly up and down the line, with scarfs and ribbons of brightcolors fluttering out behind them gaily. There were bands of music, too, and banners out of number ; and it was a fresh holiday looking concourse al together. I was particularly pleased to see the Irish men, who formed a distinct society among them selves, and mustered very strong in their green scarfs, carrying their national harp, and their portrait of Father Matthew, high above the people's heads. They looked as jolly and good humoured as ever; and, working the hardest for their living and doing any kind of sturdy labor that came in their way, were the most in dependent fellows there, 1 thought. The banners were very well painted, and flaunted about the street famously. There was the smiting of the rock, and the gushing forth of the waters ; aud there was a temperate man with '< considerable of a hatchet" (as the standard- bearer would probably have said), aiming a deadly blow at a serpent which was apparently about to spring upon him from the top of a barrel of spirits. But the chief feature of this part of the show was a huge allegorical device, borne among the ship-carpenters, on one side whereof the steamboat JJlcohol was repre sented bursting her boiler and exploding with a loud crash, while, upon the other, the good ship Temperance sailed away with a fair wind, to the hearts' content of the captain, crew, and pas* senders. After going round the town, the procession repaired to a certain appointed place, where, as the printed programme set forth, it would be received by the children of the different free schools, '* singing Temperance Songs." I was prevented from getting there in time to hear these Little Warblers, or to report upon this novel kind of vocal entertainment-novel at least to me-but I found, in a large open space, each society gathered round its own banners, and listening in silent attention to its own orator. The speeches, judgiug from the little I could hear of them, were certainly adapted to the oc casion, as having that degree of relationship to cold water wet blankets may claim ; but the main thing was the conduct and appearance of the audience throughout the day ; and that was admirable and full of promise. Cincinnati is honorably famous for its free schools, of which it has so many that no per son's child among its population can, by possi bility, want the means of education, which are extended, upon an average, to four thousand pupils, annually. I was only present in one of these establishments during the hours of instruc tion. In the boys' department, which was full of little urchins (varying in their ages, I should say, from six years old lo ten or twelve), the master offered to institute an extemporary ex amination of the pupils in algebra ; a proposal which, as I was by no means confident of my ability to detect mistakes in that science, I decliued with some alarm. Io the girls' school, reading was proposed, and as I felt tolerably equal to that task, I expressed my willingness to hear a class. Books were distributed ac cordingly, and some half dozen girls relieved each other in reading paragraphs from English History. But it was a dry compilation, infi nitely above their powers ; and when they had blundered through three or four dreary passages concerning the treaty of Amiens, and other I thrilling topics of the same nature (obviously without comprehending ten words), I expressed myself quite satisfied. It is very possible that they oniy mounted to this exalted stave in the Ladder of Learning, for the astonishment of a ! visiter ; and that at other times they keep upon its hi wer rounds ; but I should have been much better pleased and satisfied if I had heard them exercised in simpler lessons, which they under stood. As in every other place I visited, the Judges here were gentlemen of high character and at tainments. 1 was in one of the courts for a few minutes, and found it like those to which I have already referred. A nuisance cause was trying ; and the witnesses, counsel, and jury, formed a sort of family circle, sufficiently jocose and snug. The society with which I mingled was intel ligent, courteous, and agreeable. The inhabi tants of Cincinnati are proud of their city, as one of the most interesting in America-and with good reason-for beautiful and thriving as it is now, and containing, as it does, a popula tion of fifty thousand souls, but two-and-fifty years have passed away since the ground on which il stands (bought at that time for a few dollars) was a wild wood, and its citizens were but a handful of dwellers in scattered log huts upon the river's shore, i » ' 