AMERICAN NOTES TOR GENERAL CIRCULATIONS BY CHARLES DIOXENS. {BOZ.) A BBOWN FORESTER OF THE MISSISSIPPI. We liad another odd specimen on board, of a different kind. This was a thin- faced spare-figured man, of middle age and stature, dressed in a dusty drabbish-coloured suit, such as I never saw before. Re was perfectly quiet during the first part of tbe journey: indeed I don't remember having so much as seen iu'ra until he was brought out by circumstances, as great men often are. The conjunction of events which made him famous happened briefly "The canal extends to the foot of the mountain, and there of course, it stops; the passengers being conveyed across it by land carriage, and taken on afterwards by another canal boat, the counterpart of the first, which awaits them on the other side. There are two canal lines of passage boats; one is called the Express, and one (a cheaper one) the Pioneer. The Pioneer gets first to the mountain, and waits for the Express people to come up, both sets of passengers being conveyed across it at the same time. We were the Express company; but when we had crossed the mountain, and had come to the second boat, the proprietors took it into their heads to draft all the Pioneers into it likewise, so that we were fiveand-forty at least, and the accession of passengers was not at all of that kind which improved the prospect of sleeping at night. Our people grumbled at this, as people do in such cases; but suffered the boat to be towed off with the whole freight aboard, nevertheless; and away we went down tbecanal. At home, I should have protested lustily, but being a foreigner here, I held my peace. Not so this^ passenger. He cleft a path among the _ _ pie on deck, (we were nearly all on deck) and without addressing „ anybody anvbodv whomsoever, wht soliloquised as follows :— This may suit you, this may, but it don't suit me. This may be all very well with Down Easters and men of Boston raising, but it won't suit my figure no how; and no two ways about that; and so 1 tell you. Now 1 I'm from the brown forests of the Mississippi I am ; and when the sun shines on me, it does shine—a little. It don't glimmer where I live, the sun don't. No, I'm a brown forester, I am. I an't a Johnny Cake. There are no smooth skins where I live. We're rough men there. Rather. If Down Easters and men of Boston raising like this, I'm glad of it; but Vva none of that raising, nor of that breed. No. This company wants a little fixing, it does. I'm the wrong sort of man for 'em, J am. They won't like me, they won't. This is piling of it up a little too mountainous, this is.' At the end of every one of these short sentences he turned upon his heel, and walked the other way, checking himself abruptly when he had finished another short sentence, and turning back again. " It is impossible for me to say what terrific meaning was hidden in the words of this brown forester, hut I know that the other passengers looked on in a sort of admiring horror, and that presently the boat was put back to the wharf, and as many of the Pioneers as could be coaxed or bullied into going away, there got rid of. " When we started again, some of the boldest spirits on board made bold to say to the obvious occasion of this improvement in our prospects, * Much obliged to you, sir.' Whereunto the brown •forester {waving his hand, and still walking up and down as before) :) replied,' No you ain't. You're none o' my raising. You may act for yourselves, you may- I have pinted out the way. Down Easters and Jonny Cakes can follow if they please. I an't a Johnny Cake, I a'nt. I am from the brown forests ot the Mississippi, I am'—and so on as before. He was unanimously voted one of the tables for his bed at night—there is a great contest for the tables—in consideration of his public services; and he had the warmeBt corner by the stove throughout the rest of the journey. But I never could find out that he did anything except sit there j nor did I hear him speak again until, in the midst of the bustle and turmoil of getting the luggage ashore in the dark at Pittsburg; 1 stumbled over him as he sat smoking a cigar on the cabin steps, and heard him muttering to himself, with a short laugh of defiance,' I a'nt a Jonny Cake, / an't. I'm from the brown forests of the Mississippi, /am, dammeei' I am inclined to argue from this that he had never left off saying so; but I could not make affidavit of that part of the story, if required to do so by my Queen and country." JONATHAN IN THE DUMPS. " At dinner (on board the steamer,) there is nothing to drink upon the table but great jugs full of cold water. Nobody says anything at any meal, to anybody. All the passengers are very dismal, and seem to have tremenduous secrets weighing oil their minds. There is no conversation, no laughter, no cheerfulness, no sociality, except in spitting, and that is done in silent fellowship round the sfove, when the meal is over. Every man sits down, dull and languid, swallows his fere as if breakfasts, dinners and suppers, were necessaries of nature never to be coupled with recreation or enjoyment; and having bolted his food in gloomy silence, bolts himself in the same state. But for these animal observances, you might suppose -the whole male portion of the company to be melancholy ghosts of departed bookeepers who had fallen dead at the desk: such is their weary air of business and calculation. Undertakers on duty would be sprightly beside them ; and a collation of funeral-baked meats, in comparison with these meals, would be a sparkline b festivity." " The people are all alike too. There is no diversity of character. They travel about on the Bame errands, say and do the same tings in exactly the same manner, and follow the same dull cheerless round." BEPCBLICAN INDEPENDENCE. " The Republican institutions of America undoubtedly lead the people to assert their Belfrespect and their egualityj but a traveller is bouud to bear those institutions in his mind, and not hastily to resent the near approach of a class of strangers, who, at home, would keep aloof. This characteristic, when it was tinctured with no foolish pride, and stopped short of no honest service, never offended me; and I very seldom, if ever, experienced its rude or unbecoming display. Ohce or twice it was comically developed, as in the following case; but this was an amusing incident, and not the rule or near it. " I wanted a pair of boots at a certain town, for I had none to travel in. but those with the memorable cork soles, which were much too hot for the fieiy decks of a steam boat. I therefore sent a message to an artist in boots, importing, with my compliments, that I should be heppy to see him, if hie would do me the polite favor to call. He very "politely returned for-answer, that he would 'look round' at six o'clock that evening. I was lying on the sofa, with a book and a wine glass, at about that: time, when the door opened, and a gentleman in a stiff cravat, within a year or two on either side of thirty, entered, in his hat and gloves; walked up to the lookingglass, arranged his hair, took off his gloves, slowly produced a measure from the uttermost depths of his coat pocket; and requested me in a languid tone, to ' unfix' my straps. I complied, but looked with much curiosity at his hat, which was still upon his head. It might have been that, or it might have been the heat—but he took it off. Then he sat himself down in a chair opposite to me; rested an arm on each knee, and leaning forward very much, took from the ground by a great effort, the specimen of metropolitan workmanship which I had just pulled off—'whistling, pleasantly, as he did so. He turned it over and over; surveyed it with a contempt no can express'; and enquired if I wished himto me a boot like that ? I courteously replied, that irovided the boots were large enough, I would feave the rest to him; that if convenient and practicable, I should not object to their bearing some resemblance to the model then before him; but that I would be entirely guided by, and would beg to leave the whole subject to his judgment ana discretion. 'You an't partickler, about this scoop in the heel, I suppose then V says he. ' We don't foller that, here.' I repeated my last observation. He looked at himself in the glass again; went closer to it to dash a grain or two of dust out of the corner of bis eye; and settled his cravat All this time, my leg and foot went in the chair.—' Nearl' ready "sir f I inquired, * Well, pretty nigh,' . he sail said; 'keep steady.—I kept as steady as I could, both in foot and face; and having by this time got the dust out, and found his pencil-case, he measured me, and made the necessary notes. When he had finished, he fell into his old attitude, and taking up the boot again, mused for some time. ' And this,' he said, at last, 'is an English boot, is it!' This is a London boot, eh? 'That, Sir,' I replied, 'is a London boot,' He mused over it again, after the manner of Hamlet with Yorick's skull; nodded his head, as who should say, 'I pity the institutions that led to the production of this boot!'—rose, put up his pencil, notes and paper—glancing at himself in the glass all the time—put on his hat, drew on his gloves very slowly and filially walked out. When he had gone about a minute, the door reopened, and his hat and his head re-appeared.— le looked round the room, and at the boot again, which was still lying on the floors-appeared thoughtful for a minute, and then said,' Well, good arternoon.' ' Good afternoon, Sir, said I; and that was the end of the interview." 