. REMARKS ON THEATRICAL MONOPOLY. (From a Correspondent.) ~ 'Tis Hill Iliairpurs iii to the generous asks Park course Lion nil The team was? sent ; Nu pretty jiitloiifii-» our uses villa meet Union rivalry, which joined best. UccttiloHfil Aiidrrtt, The decline of our National or Legitimate Drama has long been a subject of regret, as its' causes have afforded theme for enquiry among the admirers of this species of literature. Many theories have been broached for the occasion, but few have ever thought of attributing to the proper cause the consequences which all deplore. For our own part having duly considered the subject in all its bearings, we find ourselves irresistibly impelled to the conclusion, that in Min pernicious effects of dramatic monopoly we behold the filial cause of perverted taste, and the almost utter annihilation of the legitimate drama. Often, while playing upon some " gorgeous spectacle" or " melo-drama of peculiar construction, in which the splendour of the decorations and scenic illusion scorned only a satire on the poverty and intrinsic worth lessness of the dialogue, have we looked back with regret on the "good old times" when sterling tragedy and comedy would be sufficient to attract a numerous and admiring audience, without the meretricious aid of " gorgeous and expensive scenery, dresses, and decorations,"-" terrific combats," " awful oaths," showers of fire and "cataracts of real water ;" and have sighed to behold the stage, hallowed by the foot of a Kemble, and a Siddons, a Young, and an O'Neil, Kean, Cook, and Macready, transformed into an arena for equestrian mummery, and over -Dilli, as of late days, by elephants, monkeys, and all the other denizens of the menagerie. " But," exclaim the managers, " while we lament this perversion of public taste, we must think upon our own interests, and as The Drama's laws the Prnma'i patron, give, we are compelled to pander to their taste', if Those who live- to place, novel picnic (a live." This may be all very true, but we tell these theatrical monopolists that they themselves are in a great degree the cause of that per- version of national taste of which they now so feelingly complain. It is they, who, envious of the success of the minor houses, thought proper to attempt an inglorious rivalry and at length the managers found it more convenient to pay five, ten, or twenty pounds for a time ried and crude translation from the French or German stage, which afforded free scope for the introduction of processions, banners, ghosts, demons, goblin, blue and red fire, and such trumpery, than to encourage original and native talent by adequate i enumeration and thus, finding the stream dammed in this direction, the man of genius urged his literary barque into another current, which equally bore him along to a safe harbourage in the haven of profit and of fame. In the mean time, the proprietors of minor theatres, finding that those lighter pieces which had hitherto been deemed fluid almost exclusive properly were appropriated so ruthlessly by the leviathan patentees, ventured, in return, on the production of the legitimate drama, and, by the excellence of their performances, proved to the public that actors were to be found in the minor houses that could, in point of talent and ability, encircle lists even with the proudest, and realize even the glorious conceptions of the immortal Bard of Avon, But now-the Theatres Rpynj (par excellence) finding their realm thus invaded, and forgetful that they were the first who set the example of usurpation,commenced a war of prerogative and patent with their minor and licensed antagonists, and, like the fable of the " dog in the manger, would neither perform the legitimate drama them? selves nor suffer others to do so. From this period we may date the reign of melodrama and buffoonery, as well as the depreciation of taste and talent. The cry was now for novelty. Every nerve was strained every effort made. The theatres of the Parisian Boulevards were ransacked for their ancient stones of diabolic and demoniac, pomp and pageantry, noise and nonsense, to gratify the sickly and depraved appetite for the marvellous, the horrible, and the unnatural, which dramatic monopoly had engendered. The Tailor and scene-painter became author and actor. Thedevilperformed "leading business," and goblins, ghosts, and demons, formed the train of " respectable utilities," and the theatre was metamorphosed into a pandemonium-" Bogg Largal" usurped the place of " Ilapilel"-" Freysclpitz" was voted superior to the " Tempest"-" Faustus" and " Mephistopheles" wore preferable to "Othello" and " Inge." " The Bottle Imp" triumphed over " Julius Cesarine " Evil Eye" was cast on " Macbeth"-" Robert the Devil" supplanted " Romeo and Juliet" " Frankenstein" gained the pain from "Richard" The Devil's Ducal" was exchanged full-time " Merry Wives oj'WiiidBor,1' and The Elephant of Siam would attract an audience where " Loar" might be played to empty benches, or at best to a discerning FEW. The march of humbug was rapid in its strides; every species of theatrical charlata- nisme was resorted to in the rage for novelty. Street tumblers, who were wont to parade the town, and levy contributions of half-pence from the gaping crowd, or were content to exhibit their agility in pot-houses and booths, by gallicising their names, and adopting the appellation of Monsieur, succeeded in becom- ing "patent" stars, and exchanging their brass for gold, by a beastly exhibition of monkey-like attributes—and the itinerant and deformed buffoon, who had for years been content to earn precarious subsistence in a tenth-rate equestrian company as the LEGLESS RIDER, was by the addition of an iski or an ouski to his name, at once raised to wealth and eminence as the "Gnome Fly," while the indelicate Bayaderes superseded the "dainty Ariel," and "Jim Crow" and his disgusting buffoonery was followed and applauded by admiring thousands, by whom "Oronoko" would have been voted a bore, or hissed off the stage. Instead, then, To wake the soul by tender strokes of art, To raise the genius and to mend the heart, To teach mankind in conscious virtue bold Live o'er each scene, and be what they behold : the drama was prostituted to please the eye by pomp and parade, at the expense of common sense, and, too frequently, of morality and virtue. Authorship became a trade; instead of writing for fame and for posterity, dramatists devoted their abilities in bringing into notice giants, dwarfs, monkeys, horses, dogs, and goats; and we know not whether the learned Pig may not have figured as the hero of a melodrama "was written expressly for him!" Plays were adapted to scenes, in- stead of scenes to plays; and the competition amongst authors was, not who should write best, but who should write fastest, and be first in the field to win the paltry pittance which managerial parsimony unwillingly accorded to their untiring exertions. And now commenced the religious crusade against theatricals; the tendency to the diabolical and the monstrous alarmed many who had heretofore been strenuous supporters of the theatre. The glaring blasphemy of some of our modern dramas, the frequent and irreverent appeals to the Deity, the introduc- tion of prayer, and of hymns—were oppor- tunity for censure, at which the opponents of the drama eagerly grasped, and in this, as in other instances, has the greed of monopolists sharpened the weapon which now, as they have found to their cost, rebounded on them- selves. But the ill effects of dramatic monopoly are most sensibly felt in those cities or towns where only one place of theatrical entertain- ment is permitted to exist. Then indeed the proprietors at once assumes the Arbitur Elegan- tiarum—becomes as haughty as an oriental sul- tan—and as imperiously presumes to rule the public taste as the bashaw tyrannizes over the gunwales of his seraglio. We remember an instance of this in a town in Scotland, still famed for its generous support of the drama. The proprietor of the theatre, presuming on his patent rights, caused only what he pleased to be performed; the great influx of strangers to the town supported the theatre,—his com- pany was culled from amongst those who could be engaged at small salaries, without regard to their capabilities; and so long as the blue, green, red or yellow fire failed not, so long as the final and "tremendous explosion" in the last scene of some "terrific melo-drama" took effect, he considered that the entertainments (?) had "gone off" well, and that he had suffi- ciently discharged his duty to the public at large. To his actors the manager was a ty- rant, for they were fettered and bound to him for a season—and to the author : but one anecdote will be sufficient to illustrate the sad fate of the unfriended dramatist who writes for the theatrical monopolist. The drama of the "Rose of Ettrick Vale," written by a man of genius and ability, a drama which has been greeted with triumphant success in every theatre in Great Britain and Ireland, and been produced with equal approbation in the co- linies,—has been the source of (posthumous) fame to the author, and emolument to the manager. This drama was presented to the haughty patentee, was accepted, and, taking a mean and paltry advantage of the necessities of the man, a sum under two pounds was the generous remuneration to the talented author, who, unhappily, was doomed to undergo the fate of too many men of genius—neglect and poverty through life, and death by absolute starvation! Ill fated Lynch! how many are they under whose eyes this article may fall, who can testify to thy misery and untimely fate? Yet had not the patent lights of an imperious monopolist been opposed to the erection of a second theatre— had the free spirit of generous rivalry been permitted to exist, poor Lynch, and perhaps many other men of genius, might have been preserved from misery, neglect, despair, and death, to have maintained the literary honour of their native country, and ended their days in comfort and independence acquired by the exercise of their talent and industry. But the baleful influence of this system of monopoly would even more apparent in the colonies than elsewhere—separated by thousands of leagues of ocean from his native land, The actor is completely at the mercy of the theatrical magnate. If the manager, in a moment of caprice or pique, thinks proper to dismiss him, where shall he turn for support? His all, perhaps the savings of years of fru- gality and privation, has been expended in the outward passage—he looks upon a wife and family who clamour to him for bread— accustomed only to his profession, he cannot apply to trade for maintenance; at last, in despair, he obtains employment (and fortu- nate if he can do so) in some menial capacity for which his previous habits render him un- fitted, yet for the sake of his family he is content to Drudge to feed loathsome life; or bending his proud spirit to the stern calls of necessity, resumes his station in the theatre at a diminished salary, subject most probably to the taunts, jeers, and inuendoes of the Thespian autocrat, till broken in spirit, he flies for solace to intemperance, and sinks into premature grave, the victim to dramatic mo- nopoly and patent rights. Oh, these prero- gatives and privileges! For ourselves, we are such staunch sup- porters of free trade—such ardent admirers of fair and honourable rivalry and generous emulation—that we cordially re-echo the cry of "No monopoly!" We conceive that Sydney is fully capable of supporting two well regulated theatres, and we hail with pleasure the prospect of a second place of dramatic entertainment being opened in our city. We are confident that a spirit of rivalry being thus excited, will do much to foster and preserve a correct taste for dramatic literature, and we are equally certain from what we know the proprietor of the Victoria Theatre, and of Mr. Simmons, whom rumour states is about to become that of the new theatre, that fine, manly, open, and friendly competition alone will exist between them; and that their exertions will be, not who shall subvert the other, but who shall cater best for the enter- tainment of their patrons, Mr. Simmons is no foreign and penniless adventurer—no man of straw, who speculates in opening a theatre as a forlorn hope, but one who has been long amongst us, is universally respected in private life, and most deservedly a favourite in his public capacity. That he will exert himself to render his theatre select and respectable, we have no doubt, and we consider it would be an act of injustice both to him, to the per- formers, and to the public, to withhold from him a license. We earnestly hope he may obtain it, and then, instead of exclaiming with Mercutio, A plague on both your houses We shall say to both proprietors, "Go on and prosper," and we most heartily wish that success and prosperity may in equitable divi- sion crown your spirited and enterprising exertions. 