WEDNESDAY, 4UGUST 9, 1843. "Be Just and fear not: Let tll the ends thou nam'st at be thy country's, Thy God's, and truth's." fh/kspeare. CHAPLAIN TO THIE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Da. Lano has given notice of a motion for to. morrow (Thursday) to this effect a *; That a Com mittee of the House be appointed to draw up a suitable form of prayer wherewith to commence the business of the House; and that a ministes of re ligion be appointed annually to discharge the duty of conducting tde service." It is, indeed, much to be desired that every duty, especially the duty ol framing laws for the well governing of the com. munity, should be commenced with prayer, to invoke the Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth, to guide and strengthen the human mind in the discharge of these important duties. But as the Doctor refers to the example of both Houses of the Imperial Legislature, we regret to learn that the office of Chaplain, as conducted in the popular brancl of Parliament, is calculated rather to bring religion into contempt, thau to call down a blessing on the proceedings of the House. The distraction and irreverence during the recital of prayer is notorious in the House of Commons; and in the opinion of those who respect religion, it would be far preferable to omit the form of prayer altogether. We eapect, indeed, much better conduct in our Colonial Cotincil; but we really look upon the office of Chaplain to the Council as a mere matter of form- something that ought to be had for appearancesake ; and as there is no in. dividual in New South Wales more apparently opposed to mere forms or ceremonies in religion than the Rev. Member for Port Phillip, we are rather surprised that he should be the person to pro. pose the introductionof amatter purely "ceremonial" within the Council Chamber. St. James's Church is open every morning till ten or twelve o'clock, and so is St. Mary's, within two minutes' walk of the Council; and any member of the Legislatute who may feel an inclination to imnplore the light of the Holy Spirit in either of these " houses of prayer," can do so with much more recollection and devotion than in the Honorable House in Macquarie-street. We are also to have a committee, compased, be it recollected, of laymen, to draw up a form of prayer to be exclusively used by the Chaplain of the Houses All we can say to this is, that we must look with contempt on the imbecility and self-degradation of any " ordained" clergyman who will consent to become the " clerical puppet" for going through this piece of lay-prayer-making jumble. Tile Reverend Legislator seems to have forgotten the canonical maxim, Lea orandi, icr credesdi-the law or rule of praying is the law or rule of believing. Now" there are, and very likely always will be, several inembers in the Ilouse differing from each other in their rule of believing, and who cannot, therefore, adopt the same rule or form of praying. In fact, why have persons formed churches and houses of prayer for themselves, but because they could not conscientiously pray with those ?a?so did not believe as they did 1 Everybody knows that members of the Catholic Church will not pray with those who have broken olff from that Church, and formed places of prayer and worship for themselves. Again, if the members, being laymen, draw up a form of prayer to be exclusively used, let a lay meamber ot the house recite that prayer for his co. legislators. This would come very well from the Speaker of the House, who is the father and pastor, as it were, of the "legislative" family. Or let the ecclesiastical Heads of the different religious bodies in the colony open, in rotation, each Session of the Council with prayer. And let each member, after that, say such prayers for himself as his creed or devotion may suggest. But to attempt to form one exclusive prayer for the heterogeneous religious composition of the house, is a Quixotical effort at legislation. At all events, if the House must have a Chaplain, let there be nothing in the shape of a stipend or salary attached thereto. We believe there is noastipend for a Chaplain in the English House of Commons. The Colony cannot afford in these bad times to pay a Olergyman, wha is already paid in some other way, for repeating a piebald prayer for gentlemen who may be too indolent to pray for themselves without the aid of a Cbhaplai's lungs. 11 any clergyman thiunkit anhonour to'.be Chaplain to"the Honourable House let the appointment be an " honorary" one without fee or reward. 