THE CHURCH. (From the Hobart Town Colonial Times, April 2.) It is almost impossible to conceive, that after the repeated proofs of folly in its worst aspect, exhibited by mankind with reference to religious information in past ages, a nation rightly assuming the highest standard of intelliirencc, would bo long permit tlio means of divine instruction to be so absurd, ns in a considerable degree to defeat its own purpose. In our last, wo endeavoured to show this as respects the churches of England and Ireland, especially the latter, being as we conceive, the pinciple cause of the present unhappy excitement existing ntid enormous expense incurred, in that unjustly treated island. Is it not monstrous that the public revenue of the nation is so wasted and abused — a church consisting of half a million of hearers, to require nearly £1,500,000 to pay for her clerical instruction, and that payment so unequally and shamefully applied, that it is impossible to look at it without pain. This disgraceful waste of tlio national funds, to support the instructors of religion, is not confined to the Church of Ireland — the evil, although not so misehevously rampant as in Ireland, exist to an alarming extent in England also, which wc will now endeavour to show. Church patronage has become so barefaced and shameless, that ere long every member belonging to any of the national churches in tho United Kingdom who pos sesses a spark ol honest religious feeling and principle, will fly from their unhallowed influence. Preferment in the Church of England is as regular a subject of sale/ as Commissions in the Army during the reign of Mary Ann Clark of notorious memory ; hence the door of the church is open to all who possess a golden key. In short, spiritual preferment is sold as openly as office in the East Indies; not unfrequently has the cure of souls been brought under the auc tioneer's hammer. Church patronage is dealt with as a mere commodity, and the produce of tithes and glebes, instead of being employed as the reward of religious zeal and service, is purchased like a life annuity as a provision for families ; and such abuses will continue while the law tolerates the sale of Advowsons. The patronage of the English Church is vested in the Crown, Bisiiops, Deans, und Chapters, universities, collegiate establishments, aristocracy and gentry. The Lord Chancellor presents to all the livings in the Queen's book under .£20, which are about 780 ; he also presents to six prebend stalls in Bristol Cathedral, and to five in each of the cathedrals of Gloucester, Norwich, and Rochester, the Ministry present to the remaining patronage of the Crown. Upwards of 1600 church preferments are in the gift of the Bishops; more than 600 in the gift of the two Universities ; 57 in the colleges of Eton and Winchester ; about 1000 in the .gift of cathedrals and collegiate establishments ; 700 in the Dean and Chapter of Wesminstcr alone, and the remainder in the aristocracy and gentiy. The population returns of 1831, make the number of parishes and parochial chapels in England and Wales 10,674, which divided into rectories and vicarages exhibits the following, classification : — In the gift of Rectories. Vicarages. The Crown...... 558 490 Bishops ..592 709 Deans and Chapters.. .. 190.. 792 University of Oxford., ..202.. 112 " Cambridge. 152 131 Collegiate Establishments 39 ..107 Private Individuals. . . . 3,444 31 75 There .are besides 649 chapels, not parochial, making, the total number of benefices in England and Wales 11.342. The entire patronage of the Church may however to a certain extent be said to be vested in the Crown ; no one is eligible for church preferment but through the bishops, and the bishops are all appointed by the Crown, which has therefore a vote on all ecclosiasticai appointments, except advowsons. Spiritual prefer ments, besides being sold-for money, are often devoted to political purposes, and the pampering of noble families. Political devotion is also a sure path to apiritual preferment. An eminent writer says, " In the ordination of a bishop, he is said to be entrusted with the office ' for the glory of God, and the edification of the -christian flock,' heis. particularly enjoined not to be 'covetous,1 'nor greedy of filthy lucre ;' and he promises to be 'faithful and sincere in every branch of his duty.'" How far the English and Irish bishops have observed their ordination vows in this respect is now our object of enquiry, and we may begin with Bishop Sparke, of Ely, whoso annual income, exclusive of pa tronage, seven years ago, was £27,742. His eldest son, the Rev. John Sparke," £. is Prebend in the Cathedral of Ely 400 Examining Chaplain to the Bishop. . .... 100 Registrar in the Diocese 300 Lay Rector of Littlebury 303 Chief Steward of several manors 200 Rector of Levcrintrbunrb'. with the Cha- pelry of Parson Drove 500 1803 The Bishop's son-in-law, Rev. Edward Fardell, a Prebend Stall in the Cathedral of Ely. 400 Rectory of Bexwell 300 of St. Mary 400 of St. Nicholas 600 Vicarage of Walerbeach 4fl0 2100 Other prelates seem also to agree with Lord Plunkett and Sir R. Inglis in considering the reveriues of the Church as common or private property. The late Archbishop Sutton is an eminent proof of the perversion of church patronage. The Suttons, who still remain in the Church are numerous; among seven of them are shared sixteen vicarages, rectories and chapel ries, beside preacherships, and dignities in cathedrals. Of eleven daughters, several had the prudence to marry men in holy orders, who soon be came amply endowed. Hugh Porcy, son of the ' Earl of Beverly, married one daughter, and in the course of a few years was portioned off with eight different preferments,' estimated to be worth £ 10,000 a year. This fortunate son-in-law, we believe, is now Bishop of Carlisl, to which he was translated from Rochester. According to law, lie ought to have resigned all the posts he held on being promoted to a bishopric ; but somehow he has been enabled to retain several of them. Tho Reverend James Croft married another daughter, and has been gqunlly amply pro vided1 for. A sister married the Rev. Richard Lock- wood, who was presented in one year with three vicarages. We have not room to enter into' further particulars, as respects the other brancher of the family, direct and collateral, of this reverend divine. The late Bishop of Winchester is another instance of using the church revenue for the aggrandizement of his family. This prc'ate held the see of Lincoln, and changed his name from Prettyman to Tomline, on acceding to a large estate and title left him by a relative. His three sons possess amongst them thir teen chancellorships, prebendaries, rectories, vicarages and cinonries, The Sumners are also growing rather numerous in tlie Church Red Book, but they are too recently planted to spread their roots wide and deep in the Lord's vineyard. In the disposal of parochial patronage there is tho same abuse and monopoly as in the higher depart ments of the Church— the most valuable benefices and livings fall into the hands of those whose chief claims arc their families and connexions. We could illustrato this point, if our space would admit, which wc regret, because it would more clearly show to our readers the shameless rapacity that directs the disposal of the revenues of this State Church — a most com plete confirmation of the divine remark, " It is not me ye seek, but the loaves and fishes " In order to cover as far as possible the enormous expenditure of the Church of England, there are these who venture to assert that there are 18,000 clergymen in the Establishment to be provided for. Those who have attempted this clerical census must have included the parish clerks, sextons, and grave- diggers. The Church, both in England and elsewhere, is never at a loss in the trade of numericals. But by the works of several eminent writers, which we have good reason to conclude to be correct, we find the number of prelates, dignitaries, rectors, vicars, and curates in England and Wales to be 7694, and the stations are as follow : — sees, 26 ; chancellorships, 25 ; deaneries, 28 ; archdeaconries, 61 ; prebends and canonries, 514 ; minor panonries, priest vicars, vicars choral. 330; rectories, vicarages, and chapelries, 11,342. Thiia. tlion tliorfi ar» I9.R9.7 nlacac nf nroforiYiont "" "I'"" JMI.WWU Wl pW«htMtVUV divided amongst 7694 individuals — a little less than two to each. The Ecclesiastical Dictionary shows that 7191 individuals enjoy 11,342 livings, according to the following scale : — Individuals. Livings held by each. Total 1 II 11 1 8 8 5 7 35 12 6 72 64 5. 320 209 4 836 567.... 3 1,701 2,027 2.... 4,054 4,305 1 4,305 7,191 11,342 A certain writer states that " sinecurism abounds more in the Church than in the civil establishment. In the former almost everything is done by depu>y, which results from her excessive wealth ; for when large salaries are annexed, great duties are seldom discharged. Hence. those who enjoy large incomes do not require to burthen themselves with official toil. First, they can afford, to employ a deputy ; next they can purchase, or otherwise influence, the con nivance of others to the neglect of their own duties. Thus they are enabled to indulge in recreation and pleasures which consume too much time, to properly nwanafa fni +1%n nf tUa envinne rlntino nt tut iniv vi uiv uvtivua UUIIVU w religion. Hence has arisen sinecurism in both Church and State, presenting . the disgraceful spect- tacle of one class receiving the emolument, and another, less fortunate, performing the work for which the pay was received. The curates and a few beneficed clergy are the only portion of the Establish ment who reside in and do the duty of thoir parishes, the remainder being clerical sinecurists, fl 'led with the Holy Ghost, who share in the loavek and fishes." The duties of these dignitaries cannot be very onerous. Mr. Gordon, in the debate on the Curate Salary Bill in 1837. said, he knew a clergyman who was dignitary in six cathedrals. Were. there any duties to perform P How could a man perform so many different duties in so many, different places, perhaps at the distance of a hundred miles from each other? The curse of sinecurism appears to have existed in the Church as early as the time of Henry VIII. Archbishop Cranmer, in aletter to Cromwell, denounced the canons and prebendaries as a " super fluous condition." He said a prebendary was not a learner nor a. teacher, but a " good viander." If they were a superfluous condition under a Popish regime, they must be more so under a Protestant Establish ment. Coventry, on the revenues of the Church, says, "from the tenure of charitable endowments the clergy have almost entire possesion of this immense Pun/1 iiiKSaK 1 .<»%/! Aaf i m a/1 n f his/i limn e ii/.LiUj wuiLU.uuiu ijiwiiguniii un twv IHMMVKII a-ycar. In England and Wales, according to the returns under the Gilbert Act, there are 3898 schools charities, of which the clergy enjoy the exclusive emolument, and in the remaining charities they lavgely participate as trustoes,'or in other capacities. Threefourths at least of charitable property have been placed at thu mercy of ecclesiastics, and from the inquiries recently made into charitable foundations, the worst abuses have been discovered under their management. The schuol of Pockingham in York shire is a flagrant instance, in which a member of the Cliurch was rcceiving a snug income of £900 a.year far teaching one scholar. This beats -the Gell job hollow: here wc had at least two boys taught for £ 1000 a-year The funds of the Mere and Spitals charities; and the Grammar Schools in almost every town; have become mere sinecures, seldom having more than two or tincofoundation scholars in each, and the buildings piously intended for the gratuitous' instruction of the children of the poor, have been perverted into boarding and day schools for the emolument of their clerical masters. Bristol, Bath, Birmingham, Wolverhampton; Ripon, and Preston, arc striking examples of this sort of perversion." Tlio neglect with which the Episcopal clergy treated the public schools of this colony , during tho fifteen years they had the entire control, can be no longer matter of surprise. If they had succeeded in tbeir late attempt to obtain repossessiun of the. management and the funds, the community might bid farewell to public education, 