ARE WE TO HAVE A REGATTA? The above ib a quc'Blion we would fain answer in tbe nBjriuutivc, al though we certainly begin. lo eiiler Inin some doubts upon tlie subject. Tbe baneful influence of I lie limes ap pears lo Imvc extended itself over aimoBt every description of amuse ment requiring for Us support any thing in (be shape of pecuniary sacri fice. Still, however, there is some thng so peculiarly national, eo en tirely in accordance with our most cherished associations, as suhjecU of the British empire, that we can srarcely entertain a belief tbat, even tinder the most discouraging circum stances, we shall altogether fail in our object of gelling up a . Itegalta. Our nnlive-bsrn youth have a right lo cs. jiect that nc clioulrl, by crery means in onr power, instil into their- minds a love for that element from which Hrttatn derives 1ier lille'to supremo command over half the civilised globe, imJ upon whose Iioeqri she first contended for the empire sbe now enjoys. For our o« n part, al though no enemy (u the sports of the turf, we may venture lo assert that w« would much sooner witness a well contested regalia than be the (specta tor of a hundred horse-races. Per haps this circumstance is owing in a great tnensure to oar nautical educa tion ; but, prejudice apart, we tbink n ereat deal more may be urged in support of ike oilier. The amusement of a boat-race is not purchased at the expense jof humanity, nor -does it af ford one-half the templet ion to gamb ling speculations and knavish trick ery which the torf too frequently presents. Hesides, Ujk weather prov ing propitious to tbe 'occasion, Jhere van scarcely bt -conceived a more cx lillnrating or delightful spectacle than cur Tamar Regatta presents. Nature has been Jii»iah of, uer pbn.*r, in «o disjiotimgtlto. surrounding scenery «s to adil cohsiderably lo the enjoyment ?pf . ibe amuseineiJt.' The meandering 'rJicr* :Sne. Jorty.«n|l aheltereil vanl^,' tlto venlure of the Boil, the ncenlej h*wlh6ni*n«I the flowering shrub, all a^^amkaJajaltance— ul j tenfold '^e gree the animation and etijuynient of | the scene. Tbe spectator is not, as at j a horse-race, incessantly reminded of j siroccos and simoons, by the suflbca-jj ting clouds of dust in which he finds*! himself continually enveloped— nor is; he under the necessity of constantly resorting to his handkerchief for the purpose of removing its beautifying effects. The contention in ibis case does not lie between generous but ' over-goaded brutes, urged almost to frenzy by the unceasing application of the whip and spur, but between rational and responsible beings, whose utmost emulation it is to prove their competency in an avocation truly en nobling : but let us bear what .Lord ttyron says upon this latter sub ject— ' And I hate lo»'d tbe ocean, and my joy Or youthful tporti was on tby brtait to be Borne, like the buhblei, onward : they lo me Were a delight .; and, if the fretn'ning tea Made them a terror, 'twai a pleating (ear : For I was, at it were, a child or Mice, And i|»rled rritll tby billows fur and iifar, And laid my hand upon thy mane, at I do here.' Now, although our Uegatla is not conducted exactly upon llio bosom of the ' great deep ' itself, yet never theless llio associations to which it iiivos rise are of a nature precisely similar, and cold indeed must be the heart which does not expand under iu influence. We perceive on reference lo the Hobart Town journals, that bis Ex cellency has presented the committee lo whose management the affairs of the southern Uegatla is inslusted, with tlio sum of C20, a magnificent donation certainly and one which in spires us almost with a hope that «e also might be made partakers of his Excellency's bounty. I We. do, not say I! at we are entilleJ to it, nei ther in the event of a ilonaliou would it be reasonable lo anticipate so large an amount ; but even supposing that we got only half the sum it would f-crve to give an impetus to the liber ality of others, jhighly favorable lo the undertaking. For shames sake it is to be hoped that something yet will he done, whereby nc may be spared the imputation of niggardliness, and want of spirit and the like, which otbenvise we are certain to encoun ter ; the inhabitants of the favoured cily would indeed triumph orer us when they became acquainted with the real facts of tliejcase, and ex claim that both in soul and pocket the inhabitants of^Launceston were bankrupts indeed. We therefore call upon all those who jean -eully afford it, and bad as times are we are satisfied that tliu Dumber is by no means inconsiderable, manfully to come forward and arrange prelimina ries. No person can possibly object to a Regatta on the score of morality. There is notliinggof a demoralising tendency in the sports. If the usual annual Regatta is to take place, we remind our fellow townsmen of the necessity for dis patch ; the usually lime is rapidly ap proaching, and there is nothing like beginning with spirit ; we all are tiler more or less the creatures of imitation and example. It is useless lo be continually wandering about like troubled ghosts and telling each other (hat it is all up with the colony. We hope and trust that better limes are yet in store for us, and in the mean lime the best thing we can do is to put a good face on the matter ; let us at all events procure for ourselves the enjoyment ot two days amusement out of the year even^if we mourn for the remainder, and we know of no better method of doing this than by gelling up a spirited and well con tested Regatta. Our own enthusi asm may perhaps mislead us, but, nevertheless, we cannot avoid think ing that the present appeal will not be made in vain. ' Tell it not in Hobart Town, let it not be heard in Ibe streets of Launceston tbat we have so far succumbed to the dominion of misfortune as to be incapable of sub scribing to, or tasting the enjoyment of 'his ourannual and nationally cha racteristic amusement. Let us once more enjoy the exhiliarating spectacle of happy faces eargerly intent upon the issue of Ibe contest; let us once again behold tbe shipping gaily de corated with our national ensign and listen to the reverberations of the signal -guns. We say — let us do this, u n-l by such means endea vour to shake off, for a time, tbe incuhus-lifte melancholy, in which. we have so long indulged. Fortune is not to be propitiated, nor any good object acheived by sour looks, and lowering trows — nay, it not (infre quently happens that the fickle god dess proves herself the most favorably deposed towards those who treat her cavuiierly. We are not like certain Hscelic moral-mongers, recommend ing lo others a course of proceeding which we hesitate ourselves to adopt. No, but we speak in sincerity, when we assert, tbat tbe tery nostrum which we prescribe for the me lancholy of others, is identically the same as that which we administer to oureelres. In conclusion, we hope that, if it is al length determined upon lo get up a Regatta, the various can didates will immediately proceed 'to get tbenisplves in Iraining, so tbat we may hate pleasure in recording the future events of the day. '? Practice makes perfect,' and the most skilful practitioner soon experiences the want of it, when .absent from Lib ordi nary trade, occupation, or calling; and it is precisely the same thing in the present instance. However, we ruuet not anticipate, but ascertain, first, whether, our appeal ^s likely to produce the desired «0ect. 