.JSOTBS FROM MY KNAPSACK, BY FRANK FIRELOCK. THE FF.VED.CHOST. After a severe nigbl march, wo ar med at Maroon Town (Jamaica), being (lie location of the final strug gle wliicb ibe fugitive negroes main- ; tuim-il with the English troops ; and i .lirre it was, dial, terrified l-y llie !isy «f the Ciilia bloodhounds, they came ! forth from their dens smd 'cock-nils' and surrendered uncondilii-n»lly. Tin* surrounding scenery is enmposed of Jinge. rocks anil prccipiious cliflT-i, mighty trees, anil «l«rk ravines, luxu riant verdure, and foaming waterfalls — the nujeslic tollon-Ireo and the . niouiilain- cabbage, the rosewood, the lignum vila;, and the mamnm-apple, malted together with pen-lent creep ers, clolhe (he steeps, while groups of lofty iiuniiinos wave llit'ir rustling plumes, among the dark, primeval, and honey-combed forks. At this elevation '(upwards of !)000 feet) the night «ir is very chill, and the dew fails renurliHlj?y heavy ; in oilier re lipects the climate is delightful — llie atmosphere is of a pure and buoyant nature, so exhilarating, that the lan guor produced hy the sultry and op pressive heat of tile plains leaves the frame, anil energy, with a desire for nctire exertion, braces the system, \ mingled with a pleasing sercnily, a j calmness of the spirit, which leaves j the mind peculiarly adapted tu enjoy ibe beauties of the prospect. I hare E»id, that the dews full heavy in that district, and circumstances have im pressed the danger of being exposed to llicir influence very deeply upon my memory. The routine of the ser vice rendered it. necessary that I should form one of a guard placed over the baggage, which, from the precipitous nature of the ascent, had ; been left at the foot of the highest | mountain-range, about five niilesfrom our quarters. Fatigue, on this duty, ' overcame prudence ; and the re- j action, which tbe stimulants taken to : overcome the lassitude incidental to the climate, and to bring the ener- i vated system up to the pitch requisite , for escrsme exertion, induced h hea- j viness whose seductive approaches ' could not be resisted. Our sentry ' being posted, our cigars smoked, our ; flasks drained, J reclined in the lusu- ; riant herbage which carpellrd the wild — (he gorgeous scenery of the West gradually flitted from my eyes — the suit, in his purple majesty, set - unseen — and I sank into a slumber, ! nlmost as deep -is ihal dealh to which its insidious charms were so near lur ing me. I awoke at midnight — cold, stiff, and saturated with wet : fire ceased to warm, and a ' refreshener,' ; with, some difficulty procured, was ' tried in rain. The guard marched Iiome ; hut, ere the ' Ilecovernrms ' had given a dismissal to the jaded ve terans. Nature was incapable of fur ther effort, and I was carried to t'.e hospital. Inflammation of llie chest, accompanied by a high stale of fever, seemed likely, in ils course, very speedily to close the scene, and drop the curlain on an eventful history. For nine days, I lay in a state whose extremes of misery, excitement, snd prostration, remembrance can with difficulty recal, and which language would fail to describe. Most singu larly, in such a climate, I was, in that larg'e building, the only patient, nnd alone ! Indeed, the attendance of an apathetic old corporal, and his druo ken wife, rather added to, than dimi nished, the loneliness of my situation. The visits ot the medical officer were brief, and daily ; and for twenty . ihrec hours, out of the twenty-four, I V.118 left lo my solitary and fevered thoughts, undisturbed and helpless. The ward wns large, the iron bed Fiends numerous, and each had a va cant and death-like appearance — there was not a fold in llie military precision of Ihc blankets, hut remind ed me nf the unvarying, motionless placidity of a corpse ! As I lay 1 could see through the jealousied win dows, glimpses of the glorious spec* lacle without; nature beaming in all the splendour of the tropic heavens, making Ihe contrast of the sick cham ber more tnmb-like. 1 he monotonous clamour of a roaring mountain torrent, which struggled at the fool of the (parapet an whicb (he hospital was si tuate, fell, iviih ils 'continued spirit like voice, upon my brain nnd excited imagination £\ery hour of that pe riod U like a jear-upon the resord. During the bustle of a removal, 1 hardly, as yet, had been missed from the barracks : the hospital was at a distance, and hy itself: many had not discovered the singularly romantic pathway leading lo it. I had few vibitors. The blood-letting, the blis ters, nnd the drug, hod been adminis tered : I awaited the, result. My feelings were those of a deserted being — a weariness, an apathy, a loneliness, and a languor, that ren dered thought a pain. It was noon, tile tun was in the heavens— one boIi Ury beam only of bis meridian lustre fouod ils way to my chamber, and it danced snd pluyed in undulating mockery upon a'o iron frame, from which many a weary wanderer liad been ushered to the grave, to cloie .the sum of grief in silenco, and to he -excluded from the light for ever, f wm jjing on my back, the only poci iipn I coulr1,/rora the situation of my Mitlcrs, endure.- A curious senaa '..':. -don, .«m indescribable change, came ? -6*e)-«e; the uotae of the tumbling : ? %brr»^t)iud|}en1y . closed in uiy earn ; ii::.;'£W#/Bj»|«*rte#eotfble;ftf.#bmetto6g the sensation of gazing intently with out volition, till gradually the moving atoms ranged their gliding particles - into the scinbhmcc of a human form, I whore outlines were defined in a j pearly, bluish, glassy appearance. | The figure became distinct, and was | robed in drapery. I had gradually j become sensible of its verisimilitude \ ? had perceived ils limbs, hands, arms as they became momentarily more clear and apparent. 1 felt no fear, but a kind of awe - thai sort of feeling which may he supposed lo follow tin first vUilingsof llie invisible world. I raised my eyes to ils face, und there I beheld the lineaments and features of an intimate friend — a comrade de ceased ! Not as I h;id last beheld him, in all Ihe ghnslliness and dis tortion of fever and death, which im pression had never left my mind, but glowing with ethereal beauty and be neficence, f became excited. He gazed on me — his name escaped my lips — his voice repeated mine. I arose from my bed, and stood on tile floor, in converse with that which I believed to !ie a spirit, divested ot ils mortality ! I'nrt of the conversation passed away ; (ml these words remain imperishably on my intellect — ' Fear not death : 'tis a slate of happiness, not misery ; but you will not cuter it for many years ; you have yet to suffer and enjoy.' A soiile beamed on his face. Under the impulse of the moment, I attempted to shake his hand ; bul the instant my fingers touched the appearance ot that mate rial part, a thrill of horror ran through my veins — a flash, like vivid fire, passed through my eye-halls — a hi deous crash burst through my brain, and I fell senseless to the ground! When I bp.caniesensible of existence, I was in bed ; and the corporal in formed me lhat, hearing a noise, he ran up stairs, fouml me bleeding from the nose and ronulh, and apparently lifeless on the floor. From that lime I recovered. 