Varieties. Interesting Anecdote.— A very short time after I had assumed the command of the Queen's, a soldier, whose ap- pearance was remarkable, drew my at- tention. He was a particularly clean and nice-looking soldier, but he seemed odd in his manner, and did not appear to associate with, or speak to any one. On inquiring of the adjutant, he informed me that the man in question had once been a sergeant ; that he had attempted the life of his commanding officer in the West Indies, for which crime he had been tried, found guilty, and sentenced to be reduced, and to receive eight hun- dred lashes ; that he had been reduced accordingly, but that, through the cle- mency of his commanding officer, the corporal punishment had been remitted. The adjutant further stated, " that a better or cleaner soldier was not in the service ;" but he was, he said, so sullen that no person associated with him, and the officers of the regiment looked upon him with a sort of horror. I continued to observe this man for some time long- er, till one day, as he crossed me in the barrack-square, in my way to my quar- ters, I called to him by name, and de- sired him to follow me. When I got to my room I told him, after he had en- tered, to shut the door. I then said to him, " your name, I think, is Dudley ?"' He raised his hand to his cap, and said " Yes, sir." I said, " I have observed you for some time. Your appearance is much in your favor. You are as clean a man, and as well set-up a soldier as there is the regiment. I know your history. You are here looked upon as almost in the light of an outlaw. It would seem that no one speaks to you, nor do you as- sociate with any one. I am aware of the cause of your being thus shunned. You once contemplated a crime of the most revolting nature— that of murder. You attempted the life of your commanding officer. You were tried, found guilty, and sentenced. All this is true ; is it not ?" He touched his cap again, and said, " Yes, sir ;" but not a muscle of his face moved. " Dudley," I said, " your officers have a horror of you; but such a feeling on their part is not to be wondered at." Still his countenance re- mained unchanged. " Now, attend to what I am about to say to you, Dudley. I have watched you for some time, and I pity you ; I should like to give you an opportunity for recovering your place in society, and for regaining that character which once so recommended you to the notice of your superiors. I feel desirous to give you a trial by making you a cor- poral, in order that, should your conduct deserve it, I may still further promote you. Will you, Dudley, (said I, looking at him earnestly,) endeavor to do justice to my good opinion? Do you wish for promotion ?" The poor fellow could not answer. His whole frame was con- vulsed. He cried like a child. I patted him on the shoulder, and said, " That will do, Dudley; you shall be in orders to-morrow." He was accordingly pro- moted, first to be a corporal, and after wards to be a sergeant ; and there was not a better non-commissioned officer in the regiment — Rolt on Moral Com- mand. An Interruption. — Coleridge relates, " It is not easy to put me out of counte- nance, or interrupt the feeling of the time by external noise or circumstance ; yet once I was thoroughly done up. I was reciting, at a particular house, ' The Remorse,' and was in the midst of Atha- dra's description of the death of her hus- band, when a scrubby boy, with a shining face set in dirt, burst open the door, and cried out, " Please, ma'am, master says, will you ha', or will you not ha', the pin round!" A Touch of the Sublime. — A pro- vincial contemporary describing a ' find' by the Newby Bridge hounds, thus speaks of that pack : — " The musical discord of their sweet thunders reiterated through the vaults of heaven, till hill, dale, and valley re-echoed the sound," What next ? Enjoyment, — Hastening home to a leg of mutton for dinner and finding it done, not to a turn or even brown, but done to a cinder. Sucking nothing through the end of a quill, is nothing to such enjoy ment as this. Rein de tout. As if the evils of the world were not enough severe, we too commonly attach ourselves to the unhappy face of events, brood over fancied sorrows, and eagerly multiply our disappointments. Consolation in Death.—Call not the mother unhappy who closes the eyes of her dead child, whether it has smiled lonely in the house, the solo delight of her eyes, or bloomed among other flow- ers, now all drooping for its sake ; nor yet the father unhappy who lays his sweet son below the earth, and returns to the home where his voice is to be no more heard. That affliction brings forth feelings unknown before in the heart, calming all turbulent thoughts by the settled peace of the grave. Then every page of the Bible is beautiful, and beau- tiful every verse of poetry that draws thence its inspiration. Thus in the pale and almost ghost-like countenance of decay, our hearts are not touched by the remembrance alone of beauty which is departed, and by the near extinction of loveliness which we behold fading before our eyes — but by a beauty, fairer and deeper far, which lies around the mo- ther's eye and sunken cheek, breathed from the calm air of the untroubled spi- rit that has heard, resigned, the voice that calls it away from the dim shades of mortality. Well may that beauty be said to be religious ; for in it speak the soul, conscious in the undreaded disso- lution of its earthly frame — of a being destined to everlasting bliss. With every deep emotion arising from a con- templation of such a beauty as this—reli- gious beauty beaming on the counte- nance, whether in joy or in sadness, health or decay, there is profoundly in- terfused a sense of the soul's spirituality, which silently sheds over the emotion something celestial and divine, rendering it not only different in degree, but alto- gether distinct in kind, from all the feel ings that things merely perishable can inspire; so that the spirit is fully satis- ied, and the feeling of beauty is but a vivid recognition of its own deathless be- ing and ethereal essence. To the Chris- tian who may have seen the living lustre leave the eye of some beloved friend, there must have shone a beauty in its latest smile, which spoke not alone of a brief scene closed, but of an endless scene unfolding, while its cessation, instead of, leaving him in utter darkness, seemed to be accompanied with a burst of light. A Quakeress preaching at Nautucket said, " Every tub must stand upon its own bottom." A sailor jumped up and said, " But, madam, suppose it has no bottom." " Then it's no tub," and went on with her sermon. Even in the fiercest uproar of our stormy passions, conscience, though in her softest whispers, gives to the su- premacy of rectitude, the voice of an un- dying testimony. None are so fond of secrets as those who do not mean to keep them ; such persons covet secrets, as a spendthrift covets money, tor the purpose of circu- lation. Patience, perseverance, and vigour, are the three essences, as it were, of which honourable ambition is composed and maintained. There are five requisites for a professed drunkard : — A face of brass — nerves of steel — lungs of leather— heart of stone and an incombustible liver. As the mind must govern the hands, so in every society the man of intelli- gence must direct the man of labour. " Bob, what is your opinion of the pri- mary principles of parliamentary prac- tice ?" " Why, sir, I think they are at present in a peculiarly peplexing predica- ment.' " I say Bill, why does yer call fire a dewouring helement?" "Why. 'kase it heats everything to be sure." A lady anxious to get the sure direc- tion to a particular place, asked a cabman her best way, and was answered, " Why, ma'am, I think the best way is to take a cab." " Pa, doesn't all mean everything ?" "Yes, my son, it means the whole." " Well, then, where the Testament says ' Swear not at all,' it means swear not at everybody, doesn't it ?" " John, put my horse in the waggon — I must so to the mill." If a man has a right to be proud of any thing — it is of a good action, done as it ought to be, without any base in- terest lurking at the bottom of it. — Sterne. Receive no satisfaction for premedita- ted impertinence ; forget it, forgive it, but keep him inexorably at a distance. who offered it.—Lavater. Riches, honour, and pleasures, are the sweets which destroy the mind's appetite for its heavenly food ; poverty, disgrace, and pain, are the bitters which restore it 