DR PUSEY'S SERMON. "THE HOLY EUCHARIST A COMFORT TO THE PENITENT." A Sermon preached before the University, in the Cathedral Church of Christ, in Oxford, on the Fourth Sunday after Easter, by the Rec. E. B. Pusey D.D., Regius, Professor of Hebrew. Canon of Christ Church, and late Fellow of Oriel College. The true undemanding or ibis fruition end union which is betwixt the lioHy and the bend, lietivivt 'he true believeis nnd Clirift, flic ancient Catholic Fatlierr. dotli perceiving themselves, □nd commending to their people, were not afraid to cnll this Supper, some or'them, the snlrc of immotfullity nnd sovereign presfrvative ngtimt (tenth j ol\\\«t, n deificinl communion j other, til.- >\w<!t dainties of our Stvioiir. of titcrnul health, the deforce of faith, tbe hope of thp resurrection ; the food of immortall'.:y. the hrulihliil prncp, and flip ronsrrvjtory to iveil'iHing life. All which 6iiying« both of the Holy Scripture and polity men, truly attributed to this celestial banquet nnd least, it we" could elirn cjll to mind, O how would they inilaini' our hear!* to desire the pnitirip.ttiuu nf the*e mystcHoi, ffid ofu'iitlmc* to covet nftrr ll,ie lircixf, eonliminlly to (hirst for this food "—tJumilies, Ist Part of the Strmon on the Sacrawrnt. This is My Wood of the. Mm Testament nhich is shed for many far the remission of sins — Matt. xxvi. 28. It is part of the manifold wisdom of Ciod, that His gifts, in nature and in grace, minister to dis tinct, and, as it often seems,, to unconnected ends; manifesting thereby the more His own Unity, as the secret power of all things, putting Itself for ward in varied forms and divers manners, yet Itself the r.ne cause of all that is. The element which is the image of our baptism, cleanses alike and refreshes, enlightening the fainting rye, wakens to life, as it falls, a world in seeming ex j hauslion and death, changes the barren land into a garden of the Lord, gives health and nourish ment and growth. And il in nature, much more in the gifts of Grace. For therein God, not by will, or by power only, but by Himself, and the eSuence of His Spirit, is the life of all which live through Him. Our one Lord is to us, in varied forms, all, yea more than all, His disciples dare to ask or think. All are His Life, flowing through all His members, and in all, as it is admitted, effasiao death, enlarging life. As liHnd, Ho is our Wis? dom; as sinful, our righteousness; as hallowed, our Sanctification : as recovered from Satan, our Redemption ; as sick, our physician ; as weak, our strength ; as unclean, our Fountain ; as darkness, our Light; as daily fainting, our daily Bread ; as dying. Life Eternal; as asleep in linn, our Resur rection, It is, then, according to the analogy of His other gifts, that His two great Sacraments have in themselves manifold gifts. Baptism con taineth not. only the remission of sin, actual or original, but maketh members of Christ, children of God, heirs of Heaven, hath the seal audearnest of the Spirit, tbe germ of spiritual life ; the Holy Eucharistimparteth not life only,?pititual strength and oneness with Christ, and His indwelling,and participation of Him, but in its degree, remission of sins also. As the manna is said to have "con tented every manrs delight, and agreed to every taste," so He, the Heavenly Manna, becometh to every man what he needeth, and what he can re ceive ; to the penitent perhaps chiefly remission of sins, and continued life to these who have "loved Him and kept His word," Mis own trans porting, irradiating presence, lull of His own grace and life and love : yet to each full content ment, because to each His own overflowing, undet served goodness. Having then, on former occasions, spoken of the fountain of all comfort, our Redeeming Lord, His life for us, and intercession with the Father,' as the penitent's stay amid the overwhelming consciousness of his sins, it may well suit., in this our season of deepest joy, to speak of that, which, flowing from the throne of the Lamb which was slain, is to the penitent the deepest river of his joy,theHoly Mysteries ; from which, as from Pa radise, he feels that he deserves to be shut out— from which, perhaps, in the holier discipline of the Ancient Church, he would have been for a time removed, but which to his soul must be the more exceedingly precious, because they are the body and blood of the Redeemer. While others joy with a more Angelic joy, as feeding on Him, who is the Angel's food, and "sit," as St. Chrysostom says,"with Angels and Archangels and heavenly powers, clad with the kingly robe of Christ itself, yea, clad with the King Himself, and havinj spi ritual armoury," he may be the object of the joy of angers; and while as a penitent he approaches as to the Redeemer's side, he may hope thathav ving so been brought, he, with the penitent, shall not be parted from it. but be with Him, and near Him in Paradise. "To the holier," says another, "He is more precious as God; to the sinner more precious as the Redeemer. Of higher value and avail is He to him, who hath more grace : yet to him also to whom much is forgiveu, doth he the more avail, because "to whom much is forgiven, he loveth much." Would that in the deep joy of this our Easter festival, the pledge of our sealed forgiveness, and the earnest of endless life in God, we could for H is sake by Whom we have been redeemed lay aside our wearisome strifes, and that to speak of the mysteries of Divine love might not become the occasion of unloving and irreverent disputings. Would that, at least in this pacred place, we could dwell in thought together, on His endless condescension and loving kindness, without weighing in our own measures words which must feebly convey Divine mysteries; rather intent (as so many in this day seem) on detecting that others have spoken too strongly on that which is unfathomable, than on ourselves adoring that Love, which is past finding out. " When we speak of spiritual things," is St Chrysostom's warning, on approaching this same subject, "he there nothing of this life, nothing earthly in our thoughts ; let all such things depart and be cast out, and be wholly given to the hearing of the Divine word. When the spirit discourseth to us, we should listen with much stillness, yea let us with much awe, " Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood, ye have no life in you." The penitent's joy, then, in the Holy Eucharist is not the less deep, because the pardon of sins is not as is in Baptism, its direct provision. The two great Sacraments, as their very signs show, have not the same end. Baptism gives; the Holy Eucharist preserves and enlarges life. Baptism engrafts into the true vine; the Holy Eucharist derives the richness and fuliness of His life into the new branches thus engrafted. B'aptism bu ries in Christ's tomb, and through it He quickens with His life j the Holy Eucharist is given not to the dead, but to the living. It augments life— or death; gives immortality to the living ;to the dead it gives not life, but death; it is a savour of life or death, is received to salvation or damna tion. Whence the ancient Church so anxiously j withheld from it such as sinned grievously, not as an example to others, but in tenderness to them reives, lest they break through and perish ; " pro fane," says St. Cyprian, " the Holy Body of the Lord," not themselves be sanctified; Jail deeper, not be restored; be wounded more grievously, not be healed ; since it is said, he adds," Whoso «uteth the bread anddrinketh the cup of the Lord unworthily, is guilty of the body and blood of the Lord." The chief object, then, of the Holy Eucharist, bo conveyed by type or prophecy, by the very elements chosen, or by the words of our Lord, is the i-upporf and enlargement of life, and that in Him. In type, the tree of life was in the Para dise of God, given as a nourishment of immor tality, witheld from Adam when he sinned ; the bread and wine, wherewith Melchizedeck met Abraham, were to refresh the father of the faithful, the weary warrior of God; the Pascal Lamb was a commemorative sacrifice ; the saving blood had been shed; it was to be eaten with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth, and with bitter herbs the type of mortification, and by those only who were undefiled. The Manna was given to them after they had passed the Kcd Sea, the image of cleaning Baptism, and, as he him self interprets it, represented Him as coming ■ down from heiven to give life unto the world, the , food of Angels and the holy hosts of heaven ; the Shew bread was eaten only by those hallowed to , the Priesthood, (as the whole Christian people has in this scn-.e been made kings and priests,) and when once given to David and those that : were with him, still en the ground that the < " vessels of the young men were holy." The Angel brought the cake to Elijah, that in the ' strength of that foo;l he might go forty days and forty nights unto tb.2 Mount of God. In verbal prophesy, it is foietold under the images of the very elements, and so of strengthening and over- ' flowing joy, *•'Wisdom," that is, lie who is the; Wisdom of Go-), in a parable conesponding to that of the marriage feast, crieth " Come eat of My bread and drink of the wine I have mingled." Or in the Psahn of His passion and atoning Sa crifice, it is foretold, that "the poor shall eat and be satisfied;" or that He, the good Shepherd, shall prepare a table for those whom He leadeth by the still waters of the Church, and giveth them the cup of overflowing joy; or, as the source of gladness, " Thou hast put gladness into my heait, since the time (hat their corn, and wine, and oil, (the emblem of the Spirit of which the faithful drink) increased," and " the wine which gladdeneth man's heart, and the oil which maketh his face to shine, and bread which strengtheneth man's heart;" or of spiritual growth, " corn and wine shall make the young men and maidens of Zion to g;o\v;" or as (hat which alone is satisfyng, buy wine without money and without price," for that " which is not bread;" or as the special gift (o the faithful, " He hath given meat uolo them that fear him ;" or that which, after his Passion, H3 drinketh a;:ew with His disciples in His Father's kingdom, " I have gathered my myrrh, I have drunk my wine with my milk; eat, O frieit's, drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved." In all these varied symbols, strength, renewed life, growth, refreshment, gladness, likeness to the Angels, immortality are the gilts set forth ; they are gifts as to the Redeemed of the Lord placed anew in the Paradise of Mis Church, ad mitted to His Sanctuary, joying in His presence, growing before Him, filled with the river of His joy, feasting with Him, yea, Himself feasting in them, as in thpm He hungerelh. Hitherto, there is in allusion to sin ;it i.s what the Church should be, walking in the brightness of His light, and itself collecting (hat brightness. And when our Lord most largely and directly in setting forth the fruits of eating His flesh and drinking His b!ood, He speaks throughout of one gift, life; freedom from death, life through Him, through His indwell'ng, and, therefore, resurrec tion through the dead, and life eternal. " This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof and not die. If any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread (hat I will give is My flesh, which I will give for the life of the world." " Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink His blood, ye have no life in you." "Whoso eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood hath eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day." "He that eateth My flesh Bnd drinketh My blood dwelleth in Me and I in him." "As the Living Father hath sent Me, and I live by the Father, so he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever." No one can observe Jiow this whole discourse circleth round this gift of life, and how our Lord, with unwearied putience, bringeth this one truth before us in so many different forms, withoutfeel inff that Me means to inculcate, that life in Him is His chief gift in His sacrament, and to make a reverent, longing for it an incentive to our faith. Yet, though lite in Him is the substance of His whole teaching, the teaching itself is manifold. Our Lord inculcates not one truth only in varied forms, bul in its different bearings. He answers not the striving of the Jews, " how can this man give us his flesh to eat ?" Such an " how can these things be ?" he never answereth ; and we, if we ore wise, shall never ask how they can be elements of this world, and yet His very body and blood. But how they give life to us He does answer, and amid the apparent uniformity of His teaching, each separate sentence gives us a portion of that answer. And the teaching of the whole, as far as such as we may grasp it, is this. That He is the living bread, because He came down from heaven, and as being one God with the Father, hath life in Himself, even as the Father hath life in Himself; the life then which He is, He imparted to that flesh which He took into Himself, yea, which He took so wholly, that holy scriptures say, He became it, " the Word became flesh," and since it is thus a part of Himself, " whoso eatheth My flesh and drinketh My blood," (He Himself says the amazing words), " eateth Me," and so receiveth into Himself in an ineffable manner his Lord Himself, " dwell eth," (our Lord says) "in Me and I in Him," and having Christ within him, not only shall he have but he " hath" already " eternal life." be- I cause he hath Him who is "the only true God Bnd eternal life;" and so Christ " will raise him up at the last day," because he hath Mis life in him. Receiving Him into this very hody, they who are His receive life which shall pass to our ! very decaying flesh ; (hey have within them Him who is life and immortality and incorruption, to cast out or absorb into itself our natural mortality and death, and corruption, and " shall live for ever," because made one with Him who alone "liveth for evermore." It is not then life only as an outward gift to be possessed by us as His gift j it is no nice strengthening and refreshing of our souls, by the renewal and confirming our wills and invigorating of our moral nature, giving us more fixedness of purpose, or implanting iu us Christian graces ; it is no gift, such as we might imagine given to the most perfect of God's crea ted beings in himself. Picture we the most per fect wisdom, knowledge, strength, harmony, pro portion, brightn-ss, beauty, filness, completeness of created being; fair as was that angel "in the garden of God'' before he fell; " the seal of coni liness, full of wisdom, and complete in beauty— perfect in his ways from the day he was created." Yet let this be a perfection, upheld indeed of God, yet external to Him, as a meie creation, and it would fall unutterably short of the depth of the mystery of the Sacraments of Christ, and the gifts the germ whereof is therein contained for us; al though such as we actually are, we know not that, for strength we have weakness, for knowledge ig norance, our nature jarring still, disharmonized, obscured, deformed, botli by the remains of our ori ginal corruption and our own superadded sin?. For the life therein bestowed is greater than any gift, since it is lite in Christ, life through His in dwelling Himself who is life. And our Scripture hints that the blessed angels, who never fell, shall, in some way to us unknown, gain by the mystery of Incarnation, being with us gathered together j | under One Head, our Incarnate Lord, into His j one body; the fullness of of Him who fl.'lelh all in all. Certainly, Scripture seems to imply, that, ; although he " took not the nature of angels," but ; " of man," yet all created beings, " thrones and ] dominions, and principalities and powers," shall, j if one may reverently say it, be more filled with God, when this His body being perfected, there shall be no check or hindrance to the full efflu ence of His divine nature, circulating throughout! the whole body, info which He shall have " knit! things in heaven, and things in earth," " the in- I numberable company of the angels," and " the i just made perfect;" and the whole glorified Church | shall be clothed and radiant with Him, the Son of Righteousness. And of this we have the germs and first be ginnings now. This is (if we may reverentiy so speak) the order of the mystery of the incarnation, that the eternal Word so took our flesh into Him self, as to impart it to His own inherent life ; so then we, partaking of it, that life is transmitted unto us also, not to our souls only, but our bodies also, since we become flesh of his flesh, and bone of his bone, and he who is wholly life is impurled | to us wholly. The life which he is, spreads around, j first giving its own vitality to that sinless flesh which he united indissolubly with himself, and in it encircling and vivifying our whole nature, and then through that bread which is his flesh, find ing an entrance to us individually, penetrating ; us soul, and body, and spirit, and irradiating and ; transforming into his own light and life. In the ■ words of a father, who in warfare with the Nes- i torian heresy, lived in the mystery of the incar nation, " He is lie by nature, inasmuch as he was begotten of the living Father; but no less vivi fying also is his holy body, being in a matter brought together and ineffably united with the all-vivifying Word ; wherefore it is accounted his, and is conceived as one with him. For, since : the incarnation, it is inseparable; save that we know that the word which came from God the Father, and the temple from the virgin are not j indeed the same in nature; for the body is not. consubstantial with the word from God, yet it is ' one by that ineffable coming together and con- j currence; and since the flesh of the Saviour be-; came life-giving, as being united to that which is j by nature life, the word from God, then when we I taste it, we have life in ourselves, we too being! united with it, as it to to the indwelling word." j " I then, He saith, being in him will by mine own ■ flesh raise up him who eateth thereof, in the last day. For since Christ is in us by his own flesh, we must altogether rise, for it were incredible, yea rather impossible, that life should not make alive those in whom it is. To add the words of one father only of the Western Church, ever had in honour, as well for his sufferings for the faith, as for his well-weighed and reverent language. S. Hilary adduced the very actualness of this union in proof against the Arians that the unity of the Father and Son, was not of will, but of nature, because our union with the Son is by unity of nature, not of harmony of will only. " l<or if the word was truly made flesh, and we, in the supper of the Lbrd, truly receive the word, being flesh, how must He be thought to abide in us, by the way of nature, who, being born man, took to Him self the nature of our flesh, now inseparable from Him, and under the sacrament of the flesh, which is to be communicated to us, hath mingled the nature of His own flesh with His eternal nature. So then, we are all one, because both the Fathei is in Christ, and Christ in us. Whosoever then shall deny that the Father is in Christ by way of nature in Christ or Christ in Him ; because the Father in Christ and Christ in us, make us to bo one in them. If, then, Christ truly took the ! nature of our body, and that man, who was born of Mary, is truly Christ, and we truly, under a mystery, receive the flesh of his body (and there by shall become one, because the Father is in Him and He in us), how is it asserted that the Unity is of will only, whereas the natural property (conveyed) through the sacrament is the sacrament of a perfect unity ?" And after, alleging our blessed Lord's words, " My flesh is truly meat, my blood is truly drink." "Of the truth of the flesh and blood, there is no room left for doubt. For now, according both to the declaration of the Lord and our faith, it is truly flesh and truly blood. And these, received into us, cause, that we are in Christ and Christ in us. Be it not truth to those who deny that Christ Jesus is true I God. He then is ir? us through the flesh, and we ! are in him, since this, which we are, is with him | in God." Wculd that, instead of vain and profane die putings we could catch the echoes of these hal lowed sounds, and, forgetting the jarring of our earthly discords, live in this harmony and unity of Heaven, where, through and in our Lord, we are all one in (Jod. Would that, borne above ourselves, we could be caught up within the mys tery of (hat ineffable love whereby (he Father would draw us to that oneness with Him in His Son, which is the perfection of eternal bliss, where will, thought, and affections shall be onr, because we shall he, by communication of his His Divine Nature, one. Yet such is undoubted Catholic teaching, and the most literal import of Holy Scriptures, and the mystery of the Sacrament, that the Eternal Word, who is (Jod, having taken to Him our flesh and joined it indissolubly with Himself, and so, where his flesh is, there He is, and we receiving it, receive Him, and receiving Him are joined on Him through his flesh to the Father, and He dwelling in us, dwell in Him, and wilh Him in God. "I," He saith, "in the Father, and ye in Me, and I in you." This is (he perfection after which all the rational creation groans, this for which the Church, which hath the first fruits of (he Spirit, groaneth within herself, yea, this for which the Lord himself tarrieth, that His yet imperfect members advancing onward in him, and the whole multitude of the Redeemed being gathered into the One Body, His whole body should, in Him, be perfected in the Unity of the Father. And so is He also, as Man, truly the Mediator between God and Man, in that being as God, oue wilh the Father, as man, one with us, we truly are in Him who is truly in the Father. He, by the truth of the Sacrament, dwelleth in us, in Whom, by nature all the fulness of the j Godhead dwelleth ; and lowest is joined on with highest, earth with Heaven, corruption with in corruption, man with God. But where, one may feel, is there here any place for the sinner ? Here all breathes of holy life, life in God, the life of God irapaited toman, the indwelling of the All Holy and incarnate Word, the Presence of God in the soul and body, inccrruption and eternal life, through H:s Holy Presence and union with Him, who, being God is Life. Where seems there room for one, the mansion of whose soul has been broken down, and he to have no place where Christ may lay His Head ; the vessel has been broken, if not defiled, and now seems unfit 'to contain Gods 1 Holy Presence ; the tenement has been narrowed Iby self- love, and seems incapable of expanding to i receive the love of God, or God who is love; or choked and thronged with evil or foul imagina tions; or luxury and self-indulgence have disolved it, or evil thoughts and desires have made room fcr evil spirits in that which was the dwelling place of the Trinity ? Doubtless, God's highest and " holy" gift is, as (he Ancient Church proclaimed, chiefly "for the holy." "Ye cannot be partakers of the Table of (he Lord, and the table of devils." And as the Holy Scriptures, so also the Ancient Church, when alluding to the fruits of this in effable gift, speak of them mostly as they would ibe to those, who, on earth, already live in heaven, and on Him who is its life and bliss. They speak of those " clothed in flesh and blcod, drawing nigh to the blessed and immortal nature;" of " spiritual fire;" " grace exceeding human ! thought, and a gift unutterable ;" " spiritual food, ' surpassing all creation visible and invisible," "kindling the souls of all and making them ! brighter than silver purified by the fire;" •' re moving us from earth, transferring us to heaven," " making angels for men, so that it were a wonder that man should think he were yet en earth," yea ' more than angels, " becoming that which we re ceive, the Body of Christ." For that so we are . " members of Him, not by love only, but in very 1 deed, mingled with that Flesh, mingled with Him," "the oue body and one Flesh of Christ;" ' and He the Eternal Son and God the Word in j us, " commingled and co-united with us," with , our bodies as with our souls, preserving both for : incorruption; " re-creating the spirit in us to I newness of life, and making us partakers of His ■ Divine Nature; " (he bond of our unity with the i Father, binding us to Himself as Man," Who is I" by nature as God in God His own Father." I " We," says another, " come to bear Christ in us,; I His Body and Blood being diffused through our ! members; whence, saith St. Peter, we become . " partakers of the Divine Nature." Yet although most which is spoken belongs to Christians as belonging already to the household of saints and the family of heaven and the com munion of angels and unity with God, still here as elsewhere in the New Testament, there is a subordinate and subdued notion of sin; and what wraps the saint already in the third heaven, may yet uphold us sinners, that the pit shut not her mouth upon us. The same reality of the divine gift makes it angel's food to the saint, the ransom to the sinner. And both because it is the body and blood of Christ. Were it only a thankful commemoration of his redeeming love, or only a showing forth of his death, or a strengthening only and refreshing of the sou), it were indeed a reasonable service, but it would have no direct healing for the sinner. To him its special joy is that it is his Redeemer's very broken body, it is his blood, which was shed for the remission of his sins. In the words of the Ancient Church, he "drinks his ransom," he eateth that, "the very body and bl-ood of the Lord, the only sacri fice for sin," God " poureth out" for him yet " the most precious blood of his Only Begotten;" " they are fed from the cross of the Lord, because they eat his body and drink his blood;" and as of the Jews of old, even those men who had been the betrayers and murderers of their Lord, it was said, "the blood which in their phrensy they shed, believing they drank," so of the true peni tent, it may be said, whatever may have been his sins, so he could repent, awtul as it is to say, the blood he in deed despised and profaned, and trampled under foot, may he, when himself hum bled in the dust, drink, and therein drink his salvation. "He who refused not to shed his blood /or us, and again gave us of his flesh and his very blood, what will he refuse for our salva tion?" "He," says St. Ambrose "is the bread of life. Whoso eateth life cannot die. How should he die, whose food is life ? How perish, J who hath a living substance? Approach to him ! and be filled, because he is bread; approach to I him and drink, because he is a fountain ; approach 'to him and be enlightened, because he is light; j approach to him and be freed, because where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty; approach to him and be absolved, because he is remission of sins." In each place in Holy Scripture, where the doctrine of the holy Eucharist is taught, there is at least, some indication of the remission of sins. Our blessed Lord, while chiefly speaking of him self, as the bread of life, the true meat, the true drinlc, his indwelling, resurrection from the dead, and life everlasting, still says also, " the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give fo the life oi the world." As amid the apparen identity of this teaching, each separate oracle announces some fresh portion of the whole truth, so does also this ; that his flesh and blood in the sacrament shall give life, not only because they are the flesh and blood of the incarnate Word, who is life, but also because they are the very flesh and blood which were given and shed for the life of the world, and are given to those for whom they had been given. This is said yet more distinctly in the awful words whereby he consecrated for e,yer elements of this world to be his body and blood. It has been remarked, as that which cannot be incidental, (as how should any words of the eternal word be incidental?) how amid lesser variations in the order or fulness of those solemn words they still, wherever recorded, speak of the act as a present act. '•' This is my body which is given you;" " This is my body which is broken for you;" This is my blood of the New Testament which is shed for many for ihe remission of sins;" This cup is the New Testament in my blood, which is shed for you." He saith not, " which shall be given," " shall be j broken," '' shall be shed," but " is being given," " being broken," " being shed," and this in re markable contrast with his own words, when speaking of that same gift, as yet future, " The bread which I will give is my flesh, which "I will give f.jr the life of the world." And of one of the words used, St Chrysostome remarks it could not be said of the cross, but is true of the holy Eucharist. " For a ' bone of him,' it saith,' shall not be broken.'—But that which he suffered not on the cross, this he suffers in the oblation for thy sake, and submits to be broken that he may fill all men."—Hereby he seems as well to teach us that the great act of his passion then began; then, as a priest, did he through the Eternal Spirit offer himself without spot to God; then did he "consecrate" himself before He was by wicked hands crucified and slain; and all which followed, until He commended His blessed spirit to the hands of His Heavenly Father, was one protracted, willing, suffering. Then did He begin His lonely journey, where there was no one to help or uphold, but He " travelled in the great ness of His strength;" then did He begin to " tread the wine press alone," and to " stain all His raiment j" then to " wash the garments" of His humanity "with" the "wine" of His blood; and therefore does the blood bedew us too; it cleanses us, because it is "the blood shed for the remission of our sins. And this may have been another truth, which our Lord intended to con vey to us, when he pronounced the words as the form which consecrates the sacramental elements into His body and blood, that the precious blood is still, in continuance and application of His one oblation once made upon the cross, poured out for us now, conveying to our souls, as being His blood with the other benefits of His passion, the remission of our sins also. And so, when St Paul says, "The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the participation of the blood of Christ ?" remission of sins is implied by the very words. For, if we be indeed partakers of his atoning blood, how should we be partakers of its fruits ?" " That which is the cup," S. Chrysostome para phrases, "is that which flowed from His side, and of that do we partake. 3 ' How should we approach His sacred side, and remain leprous still ? Touching with our very lips that cleansing blood, how may we not, with the ancient Church, con fess, " Lo, this hath touched my lips, and shall take away mine iniquities, and cleanse my sins ?" There is, accordingly, an entire agreement in the Eucharistic Liturgies of the universal Church, in prayer, in benediction, in declaration, confessing that in the Holy Eucharist there is forgiveness of sins also. Those of St. James and St. Mark so paraphrase the words of Consecration as to deve lope the sense that they relate not only to the past act of |His Precious Blood-shedding on the Cross, but to the communication of that Blood to us now. " This is My Body which for you is broken and given for the remission of sins." " This is My Blood of the New Testament, which for you and for many is poured out and given for the remission of sins." Again, the Liturgies join together, manifoldly, remission of sins and life eternal, as the two great fruits of this Sacra ment. Thus in the prayer for the deiscent of the Holy Ghost on the sacred elements, " that they may be to all who partake of them to the re mission of sins, and to life eternal;" or in inter cession, " that we may become meet to the par takers of Thy holy mysteries to the remission of sins and life eternal," or in the words of commu nicating, " I give thee the precious the holy and undefiled Body of our Lord and God and Saviour Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and life eternal." And the prayer in our own liturgy is almost in the very words of an Eastern audin the character of a Western Liturgy, " that our sinful bodies may be made clean by His Body and our souls washed by His most precious Blood;" even the Roman Liturgy, though less full on this point, has prayers, " that the Communion may cleanse us from sin," " may be the washing away of guilt, the remission of all offences." It will then seem probably too refined and nar rowing a distinction, when some divines of that communion, countenanced by the language of the Council of Trent, maintain in opposition to other errors, that venial sins only are remitted by the Holy Eucharist, since to approach it in mortal sin were itself mortal sin. For although our own church also requires at least confession to God, and pronounces His absolution over us before we dare approch those holy mysteries, yet because we are so far freed from our sins, that we may ap proach to our salvation, not to our condemna tion, yet can we say that we are so freed, that nothing remains to be washed away? that tke. absolution, which admits to that cleansing blood, is everything; that cleansing blood itself, in this respect also, addeth nothing ? Rather, the peni j tent's comfort is, that, as, in S. Basil's words on ( frequent communion, " continual participation pf life is nothing more than manifold life," so often communioc, as that boJy which was broken and that blood which was shed, for the remission of sins, is manifold remission of those sins over which he mourns, that as the loving kindness of God admits him again and again to that body and to that blood, the stains which his soul had con tracted are more and more effaced, the guilt more and more purged, the wounds more and more healed, that atoning blood more and more inter posed between him and his sins, himself more united with his Lord, who alone is righteousness and sanclification and redemption. Since then this divine sacrament has for its immediate and proper end, union with Him who hath taken our manhood into God, and the in fusion into us of His spirit and life and immortallitv" making us one with His glorified humanity, as He is one in the Godhead with the Father, and, be sides this, it is ulteriorly, the cleansing of our sins, the refining our corruptions, the repairing of our decays, what must be the loss of the church of the latter days, in which communions are so in frequent ? How can we wonder that love should have waxed cold, corruptions so abound, grievous falls have been, among our youth, almost the rule to stand upright the exception ? Heathen strict ness reproaches Christian laxity, the divine life be comes so rare, all higher instances of it so few and faint, when "the stay and the staff," the strength of that life is willingly forfeited. ' How should there be the fulness of the divine life amid all but a month-long fast from "daily bread?" While in the largest portion of the church, the people mostly gaze at the threshold of the heaven where they do not enter, what do we? We seem, alas! even to have forgotten, in our very thoughts, that daily communion, which once was the common privilege of the whole church which when the Eastern Church relaxed in her first love, the Western continued, and which they from whom we have our communion service in its pre sent form, first hoped to restore. It implies a life, so different from this our common place ordi nary tenor, a life so above this world as to knit with Him who hath overcome the world; so an gelic as living on Him who is angel's food; an union with God so close, that we cannot mostly, I suppose, imagine to ourselves, how we could daily thus be in Heaven, and in our daily busi ness here below, how sanctify our daily duties, thoughts, refreshment, so that they should be tinged with the hues reflected by our daily Heaven, not that heavenly gift be dimmed with our earth liness; how our souls should through the day shine with the glory of that ineffable presence to which we had approached, not we approach to it with earth-dimmed souls. It must ever be so; we cannot know the gift of God, if we forfeit it; we must cease mostly even to long for what we forego. We lose the very sense to understand it. It is not in blame of others, my brethren, God forbid! It is the confession of a common fault, to which others have contributed least who have been least unworthy, and which, if we confess, God may the rather teach us how to amend, that I dare not but notice, how even in this privileged and protected place, we still mostly forego even what remains, and what our liturgy still enjoins. We have learned even, as people needs must, to justify the omission. As those, who know not our privileges of daily service, think set daily prayers must become a lifeless form, so right minded persons speak, (and perhaps until they know it, must needs speak,) not as though we needed more reverence to partake worthily of the communion weekly, but as though weekly com muDion must needs decrease, not increase, re verence. And thus in this abode, which God has encompassed and blessed with privileges above all others, where so many have been brought into an especial nearness to Him, and a sacredness of office, so many look to be so brought, and yet on that account need the more watchfulness and di vine strength that they fall not—where, if we will, retire into ourselves, as much as we will, and have daily prayers to prepare our souls—we have, in very many cases, not even the privileges which are becoming common in village Churches? we all, to whom it is expressly, as by name, enjoined to "receive the Holy Communion with the Priest every Sunday at the least," have it perhaps scarcely monthly, and the thanksgiving for the ascension of our Lord stands in our prayer book year by year unuttered, because when he ascended up on high to receive gifts for men, there are none here below to receive the gift He won for us, or Himself, who is the giver and the gift. Nor has this been ever thus; even a century and a half ago, this Cathedral was remarked as one of those, where, after the desolation of the great rebellion, weekly communions were still celebrated. Meantime, such of us as long to be penitents, may well feel that we are less than the least of God's mercies; that we have already far more than we deserve; (for whereas we deserved hell, we have the antepast of Heaven) ; that the chil dren's bread is indeed taken and given anto dogs; that He, who is undefiled, spotless, separate from sinners, cometh to be a guest with us sinners; and therein may we indeed find our comfort and our stay. For where He is, how should there not be forgiveness and life and peace and joy ? What other hope need we, if we may indeed hope that we thereby dwell in Him and He in us, He in. us, if not by the fulness of His graces, yet with such at least as are fitted to our state, cleansing our iniquities and healing our infirmities, Himself the forgiveness we long for; we in Him, in whom, if we be found in that day, our pardon is for ever sealed, ourselves for ever cleansed, our iniquity forgiven, and our sin covered. On the occasion of the recent visit of the Queen and Prince Albert to Devonport, the Rev. t>. C. Godfrey, M.A. late of Batbeaston, near Bristol, had the honour of being presented, together with other, clergy of the neighbourhood, by Lord Aberdeen, to her Majesty and the Prince, on board the Pictoriq and Albert, Royal yacht. A Cork paper says, " Some wags reported lately that cats were wanted in Fermoy garrison to keep away the rats from the provisions lately con veyed there. The consequence is, that the barrack, master is pestered with country fellows daily bringing oats in scores to sell him." ADELAIDE i Printed and published by tbe proprietor, Javes Aunt' erery Wednesday and Saturday, at the Printing Office, corner of King Wlllinra and Ruudlc-strecls, where Orders and Advertisements, and all communication! to tbe Editors trill be received. Price, per annum, £1 Ms., to b«paid in advance. Advertisements not exceeding •l«ht lines, 4|., and N. for «Tti; addHkiMl lino. 