ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Tun SriAisii vxu PoiiTuoensi. Ji.ws' Xi Ttoxvi. AMI Ixl ^XT Seiioot -The ceremony of opening the sehool-room connected with this institution, m Bevis Milk«, took place )ester da). The business of the da) was commenced at eleven o'clock, b) which time all the seats m the new building w ore crow tied by ladies and gentlemen of the Jew ish faith , the seats at the u¡ per end being appropnatod to the ¿iris, the objects of the benev elenco of the meeting, and the seats it th« lower end to the bo)s educited in Bevis Mnik« The children sang'thc Hebrew k) nins selected for the occnsion, after which a copv of verses, m English, was recited b) one of tho girls, D Saiit.illaiio, aged elev en yeirs, with very good feeling and emphasis The sulnect of the verses was an eulogy on Mr. A illoieal, the oiigiiial founder and endow cr of the school bearing his name, in 1730. The lîabhi, the llev Mr De Sola, then examined the children ni the principles of their religion, and after linn one of the ladies present ex- amined them nioie in detail. The answers of the children v\ere given correctly and without hesitation, and showed that their instructors had done the duty confided to them. The pre- sident, Mr. P. H. Lindo, then addressed the company, and stated the progress and prospects of ike schools for the education of the children of tho Jews, moro paiticulnrlv in the neigh- bourhood of Ileus Marks, and pointed out the benefits which had resulted, and viere likely to result, from a religious and merni edu- cation This gentleman having concluded, Mr. Hammel Do Castro addressed the children, and exhorted ihom in an emphatic butbrief address, to the discharge of the duties their teachers called upon them to perform ; after which, Mr. Aluiasucno announced a long list of subscribers, and a collection was made of subscriptions tow ards the support of the school. Amongst the subsenbers vi ero many of £10 and ¿5. The Maliaminad sent £10 10s., Sir M. Monte- fiore and Lady Montefiore, wko were present, gav e £5 each, and hor lad) ship further gav o Is. a-piece to the children, (an announcement vi Inch tho children rceeiv ed w ith acclamations of applause ) The companv, it being then past one o'clock, adjourned to a lower apartment, where a cold collation was laid out, of whick having pat taken, they returned to the school lootn, vi here the examination vi as proceeded with, anda hviun sung, after which the com pain dispciseii. Amongst those present were bn Moses and Lady Montefiore, Mr. II. Do Castro, the llev. D Moldóla, the llev. Isaac Halcvia, &c;, and many of the most opulent mid influential persons of the Jew ish religion. The appearance of the cluldicn was lnglily gra tifv mg, both m their dresses and good health. The school is grcatl) indebted to the munifi- cence of Mrs. Lara, which has mainly contri- buted to its success and permanency, as w eil as to its enlargement. It now contains 91 girls and 13 bovs.-Times. Mai/13. A Cnoi'cr.BououiîT.-Mr. Feargus O'Connor in a recent pamphlet, describes the Iicv. Win, Hill, a Chartist " Leader," the man whom he so long employed to instruct nnd guide the I people, as "foolish," "audacious," "base," "artful," "vindictive," "treacherous," "per- fidious," "revengeful," "horrible," ''fiendish," "diabolical!" Charges bim with "devilment," "duplicity," "conspiracy," "violation of so- lemn pledges," " unparalleled meanness and baseness," " villainy in in its blackest form ! " Talks of his " hideous grins," and calls him " the veriest rascal," " the most ungrateful and incomprehensible scoundrel on earth ! "-Leeds 'Pi mes. HIGHLAND SOCIETY OF LONDON.-The third general court, for the year 1844, of this incor- porated society was held on Saturday last, at the Freemasons' Tavern, when about 30 gen- tlemen connected with the highlands of Scot- land sat down to a sumptuous entertainment, which was well served, and consisted of all the delicacies the season affords. Sir James Mac- donnell, the hero of Hougomont, presided ; supported by the Chisholm, Colonel Alcock, Captain Lloyd, R.N. ; Captain Charles Forbes, Captain Colin Mackenzie, Major Gelf Sharpe, Dr. Bain Chisholm, Dr. William Hunter, C. Sutherland, Esq. ; H. Rose, Esq. ; W. F. Black, Esq. ; Mark Boyd, Esq, ; W. S. Boyd, Esq. ; L. Boyd, Esq. ; R. li, M'lan, Esq. ; Murdo Young, Esq. ; G. Boin, Esq. ; A. Macdonald, Esq. ; &c;, &c.; Most of the company were dressed in the Highland costume, which had a pleasing effect. M'Kay, piper to the society, played several pibrochs, &c;, on the great Highland pipe in a masterly manner ; and several reels were ably and enthusiastically executed by the Chisholm, R. R. M'Ian, Esq. ; Mark Boyd, Esq. ; G. Barn, Esq. : and Captain Charles Forbes. Many loyal and national toasts were drunk with Highland honours, during the evening; and one, namely " Chiefs and Clan»," was responded to by the Chisholm in a most eloquent and spirit-stirring attain. Several baUads were delightfully sung hy Mr. Blood and Holmes, and Mr. Jones also cleverly gave an Irish ditty. These gentlemen aro amateurs, \»ut their vocal abilitici are of no ordinary de- scription. The Highland Society of London was established to perpetuate the language, manner», costume, literature, <kc, of the Gael ¡ and ably and pcrseveringly does it perform thi» tatk. Tim VALLBT OP MEXICO.-Conceive yourself placed on a mountain nearly two thousand feet above the valley, and nine thousand above the level of the »ea. A sky above you of the mo»t perfect azure, -without a cloud, and an atmoi pherc ao transparently pure, that the remotest objects at a distance of many leagues aro a» distinctly visible as if at hand. The gigantic seale of everything first strikes you-you seem to be looking down upon a world. No other mountain and valley view has such an assem- blage of features, because nowhere else arc the mountains at the same time so high, tho valley so wide, or filled with such variety of land and water. The plain beneath is exceedingly lovel, and for two hundred miles around it extends a barrier of stupendous mountains, most of wliich have been active volcanos,and aro now covered, »onie with snow, and »ora« with forest». It is lao«d with larc« bodies of w«t«r looking mor« I like sens than lakes-it is dotted with miiii meiable viUigip, nid estates, and plantations, J eniuunet s rise from it vvhieh, ilsewhiri would be calkd mountains, vet tint« at vour feet, thov stem but ant-hills on the plain , and now, letting vom eve follow the use of the moun- tains to the west (near fiftv miles distant) von look over the immediate summits that wall the Milk), to anothct and more distant range bl vend ian¿e, with vallevs bitvvien euch, until the whole melts into a vapoui) distance, blue as the eloudlcss skv above )on 1 eould have *g\i/id foi hours at tins little world, wink the »mi and passing vapour chequered the fields, nnd sailing otl.again, left one blight mats of verdure and w'ater-bunding outclcarl) the domes of tho village churches, studding the plain or loaning against the first slopes of the mountains with tho huge lakes looming lingir in the lareiied atmospheic \cl one thing w is wanting Over the immense expanse thcic seemed scarce an evi- dence of life lhere were no fignrts m tho pictine It In) torpid in the sunlight, like some deserted region vi here Nature was again hi ginning to assert her empire-'v ast, sohtar), and melancholy lhere were no sails-no steamers on tilt lakes, no smoke over tho vil- lages, no people at labour m the fields, no horsemen, coaches, or travellers butoutselves Hie silence was almost supernatural, one ex- pects to hear tho echo of the national strife that tilled these plains with discord )ot ltngciing among the hills It was a pieture of "still lite inanimate m ever) fi attire, save vi he re, on the distant mountain sides the fire of somo poor conl-bunier, mingled its blue w roath w lill the bluer sk), or the tinkle of the bell of a soh tarv muleteer was hoard fiom among the dark and solemn pines.- Wavei s Mexico PoitTiivn or Couru/-In one of the corners, behind a quamit) ot rubbish, old disks, and benches, ia the armour of Corten-a plum unoru tmented suit of steel, from the si?e of which, 1 judge that the coiiquoior was not a man ot largo frame or great bodil) strength Among the porünits of the vicerovs contained in tins apiti tnient, there is one of Corte/ , and in it he is depicted in ti ditlereiit manner from that m whick vie have been accustomed to know lum since our bo)hood, when we first made his acquaintance in school histories, drawn as a savage looking hero, with slouched hat and feithcr in ti fur caped coat lhere is no doubt, 1 am told, of the genuineness of the picture in this museum, and its history is traced with eerl untv to the period of the third vicirov, when the gillier) of portiaits was commenced It represents lum in armour, hij,hlv polished and inlaid with gold One hand rests upon his ] luined helmet, and the other on a truncheon 1 he figuro is slender nnd graeeful 1 should sav, from the expression of tile head alone that the portrait was aceurntc His eves aro raised to heaven, his gre) hair curls around a rathol narrow and not v crv loftv brow, and the low cr part of his face is cov ered with a gri7/lv beaid and mustache, through which apptarsn mouth marked with firmness and digmtv Hiero is a look of the world and of heaven of vi ni ration and authont) It is, in faet, a characteristic picture of the bigoted soldier, w ho slew thous mils in tho acquisition of gold, empire, and a now altar for tile holv cross >> ever was the bio¡,raphv of a hero and enthusiast more fullv w ritten in lnstorv than has been done bv the unknown painter of this portrait on the cunas which embellished the walls of the colonial pal ice of Mexico -Ibid J Vx lxtiiihXT VTCHIXHU -Orders had been issued bv the Admiral to examine all junks leaving the titv, in order to prevent them from carr) in g a« av plunder One of these liad just beim examined, without finding anvthing of value on board, when it o curredthit some thing might be concealed in Uiu after locker, a sort of cupboard of moderate size On opening this sanctum, it appeared to contain what looked like the dead bod) of a female, recentlv Ímt into it well dressed, and judging from her inndsome shoes and small feet, a person of some importance lins looked a vcrv strange affair, but as no one could sj oak a vi ord of the language, it w as impossible to inquire into it However, as it appi ired toben cauital op portumtv to examine the nature of a Chinese lad) s foot, the men were ordered to lift the bod) out, and this appeared likcl) to be no cas) matter, so closel) did it seemed to bo jammed m But the moment the Jacks laid hold of th« shoulders, a tremendous scream issued forth, as if a ghost had suddcnl) been endow ed w nh some unearthlv voice, and tried to frighten them out of all piopnety Iho poor thing liad onh shammed being dead, m order, as she thought, to escape detection She was now vcrv geutl) lifted out, and not with- out some dilheultv, being htcrallv half dead with the fright and confinement ïn the bot- tom of the locker beneath her w as found a bag of monev, with which she had evideutl) at- tempted to cseni e She w as of course, allow ed togonnav w «kout further mokstalion, boat and all But this little event afforded infinito amusement aftervvarils, when told with a little pardonable embellishment - f oyagt of the Nemesis 