THE "AUSTRALIAN." DR. KALLEY (Encore.) -How' long O Catiline will you abuse our patience? How long will the Australian continue to insult the Catholic body,.and outrage public decorum, by the 'repetition of his vituperative attacks? We must begin to speak more plainly than we would have wished, in returning to the Australian the indignant rebuke he merits. He'repeats from Kalley such language as this :-" While within the grasp of the woman drunken with the blood of the saints." 1 " That those who have witnessed the abomi- I nationwof the great harlot, may know that she is the great Harlot still." These words the Australian makes his own, by his appro bation, and his insolent epithets, Romish superstition, &ec.; How dares any mis creant like Kalley to use. such language ? Howe dares the Australian to echo it with such additions? We must and do protest against such calumnious, unwarrantable, and insolent language: and we appeal to the judgment of the public against it. No jour nalist is entitled, even though he delivers oracles from a tripod, thus to outrage the feelings of a large body of men, alive to all the sentiments of honor; particularly men who never coined a faith, but profess that which was the glory of our ancestors for a thousand years-of those men who raised up the glorious fabric of the British con stitution, and have bequeathed to us all our most valued institutions-a faith which is that of a vast majority of the Christian i world, and which will survive every storm, and continue to illumine the paths of her children, so long as earth itself endures. Reformers like Kalley would be most amusing vagabonds, when in a sort of electro- mesmeric state, they see all sorts of visions, and dream all sorts of dreams : but the evil they commit, forbids laughter. Such lying prophets remind one of that whole mass and series of systematic falsehood, by which the Catholic religion has been assailed, from the Book of Homi lies down to the Australian and his proteg6 Kalley, and we cannot help quoting an apposite passage, (III. Kings, xxii. 22). "And the Lord said, who shall deceive Achab, King of Israel? * * * And there came forth a spirit and said, I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets: and the Lord said, thou shalt deceive him and shalt prevail: go forth and do so." From this quotation we see what spirit it is, which manufactures re'igions for kings that like not the chaste severity of truth the spirit which makes such religions as gratify all the pride and passions of mo narchs, and yet promises them a safe pass port, from indulgences of every sort on earth, to eternal enjoyment-the spirit which makes the rulers of states in tem poral things, also rulers in spirituals, and degrades that which is holy and divine, to the condition of slave to the most brutish and vicious of men:--who and what that spirit is we have shewn above, in the spirit which inspired Achab's prophets. The spirit of truth is one : the truth he reveals is one : time or place changes it not : so called reformation cannot be that truth, for it is perpetually changing. If the christiahn faith needed reformation by men, it could not have been a divine work. No man removes spots from the sun, or brushes cobwebs from the moon, or adds lustre to the stars in their courses. Yet, these are but the material works of God-they were perfect, though formed at a word, fiat And shall that greater work, which Christ descended to the earth to accomplish, have been left lame and imperfect, so as that it should need reformation by men? Can the splendour of that luminary which Jesus bestowed, to light' men in the way to heaven, have required the brightening of Cerinthus in one age, of Arius in another, of Nestorius in another, of Luther and Henry VIII in another? Why, the bare idea is so monstrous-so outré—so extra vagant-that it is a subject more of ridicule than of argument.-What I to say that Christ had abandoned his Church a prey to idolatry for 800 years and more, till a set of depraved miscreants, such as,the, world happily has seldom seen, like Henry 'VIII, Cranmer, Cromwell, Somerset, and the rest, set about robbing the clergy,' the poor, 'the widow, and the orphan ! Then to forge a religion and call it reformation ! But we are arguing with men unworthy of argument, or even of any reply, but an abrupt negative. We do not believe one word of Kalley's being imprisoned for teaching or preaching in his own house; the very grossness of the tale proves it a fabrication: but the filthy falshood (like that about the Jews of Ancona) will serve its base turn, for certain people will be lieve anything against papists. This story of Kalley's has not even the semblance of truth: the Portuguese .are partial to the English: and they are hardly more popish than thie Pope himself: does the Pope im prison tihe thousands of English who in habit Rome ? or the Tuscan authorities the tens of thousands who dwell at Florence, and who have places of worship, not only allowed, but protected ? Will the Australian deny this ? but the whole tale is a disgust ing, incredible, baseless fhlsehood, got up to servethe vilest of purposes. We quoted the story of Achab's Lying Spirit.-Now, we ask, what spirit was it which charged the Catholics with the burning of the City of London in 100? to prove which, they hand cut into the monument erected to commemorate that event, the following. inscription :-" This Monument is erected in memory of the burning of this Protestant City by the Popish faction, in September, A.D., 16660, for the destruction of the Protestant reli gion, and of old English liberty, and for the introduction of popery' and slavery. But the fury of the Papists is not yet satisfied." This inscription they made, knowing that every word of it was false: but it answered its purpose (like Kalley's and the Ancona stories) to inflame the people against Popery. The inscription we. ourselves have read, but it is, now erased : barefaced as they are, this was so grossly, so outrageously false, that they got ashamed of it : 'but' it served its turn : it helped Titus Oates in his villainies; and contributed to shed the blood 'of the noble and innocent Stafford. Another of their standard falsehoods, is charging the Catholic Church with -perse cution ; whereas, she abhors blood; and will not ordain, as one of her ministers, any man who has shed it at 'any time:. her spirit is mild and tolerant, and the only arms she wishes to be used against those who have forsaken her bosom, are those of gentleness and persuasion, as we showed, in the Chronicle of the 27th, in quoting the -words of a' few of her. imost.illustrious fathers, condemning persecution.on 'ecount of religion in the. strongcst, language.: and although- we know the' audacity of certain parties in bold assertion, we dare them to produce a single canon, decree. of a general council, or authentic public 'instrument of any sort, which has ever emanated from the authority of the Catholic Church, com manding or authorizing persecution on ac count of errors in faith. If Catholic Princes or States have madd laws against innovators in religion, it is their own work, and not that of the Church. But we know who does, persecute, and who always has persecuted, and who only ceases now and here, for ivant of power. Most people have heard of Archbishop Usher, as a learned man: being a pillar of their Church, and celebrated so much, he must be the beau idealof a Protestant Bishop - imbued with all the christian virtues, and shining as a light to the faith ful. Read some of' his' acts. (Plowden, vol. 1, chap. IV., p. 116.) " The Archbishop of the Diocese, and the Chief Magistrate of" the City, at the head of a file of musketeers, entered the Catholic Chapel in Cook-street, while they were celebrating divine service ; they seized the Priest in !his vestments at the altar, hewed down the crucifix, and carried off all the sacred 'utensils and ornaments. After the first shock occasioned by this sudden and unexpected act of violence was abated, several of the congregation pursued the assailants with stones, and rescued their clergyman. The representation of this in cident to the -English' Council, produced an immediate order, which was carried into effect, for seizing fifteen religious houses to the King's use, and assigning the newly established seminary to the University of Dublin. The most rigorous execution of the penal laws was extended to every part of the kingdom." :. . Yet, the Australian ,has the impudence to talk of Kalley and the:Portuguese, with such damning facts before the.world I One more instance of Protestant tolera tion and indulgence, and we have done. The Irish Catholics, with a generous loyalty, that not timhe horrible confiscations of James I. could extinguish, having offered to raise and support 5,000 infantry, and 500 horse for Charles 1. in his difficulties and dis. tress, it was rejected as being the price of idolatry and superstition, by the castle minions ; and Archbishop Usher, at the head of the Irish Bishops, signed the following horrible document : "The religion of the Papists is super stitious and idolatrous; their faith and doctrine erroneous and heretical; their Church in respect of both, apostatical. To give them therefore, a toleration, or to con sent that they may freely exercise their re ligion, and profess their faith and doctrine, is a grievous sin, and that in two respects; for, first, it is to make ourselves accessary not only to their superstitions, idolatries, and heresies, and in 'a word to all the abominations of Popery; but also (which is a consequent to the former) to the per dition of the seduced people, which perish in the deluge of tihe Catholic apostacy. Secondly, to grant them a toleration in respect of money to be given, or contribution to be made by them, is to set religion to sale, and with it the souls of the people,' whom Christ our Saviour hath redeemed with his most precious blood. And as it is a great sin, so it is also a matter of most dangerous consequence;. the consideration whereof we commit to the wise and judicious, bo seeching thle God of truth to'.make them who are in authority, zealous of God's glory, and the advancement of true reli gion, zealous, resolute, and courageous, against Popery, superstition, and idolatry." "Ja. Armaclhanus, (Usher);'Mal.' Caiellan; Anth. Medcnsis; The. Fern and Leghlin; Re. Dunensis; Georg. Derensis; Richard Cork, &c.; ; Andr. Alachdens ;" The. Kil more and Ardagh; Theo. Dromore; Mie, Waterford and Lismore; Frn. Limerick." All reformations have been remarkable, each by some predominant feature, as the Arian for ambition-The Manichean for a pretence of having for its guide pure reason alone—the Priscillianist as claiming the inspiration of the Holy Ghost—Mohammed as having his revelations immediately from God himself; all have been distinguished by some peculiar and distinctive mark but for daring, unblushing (and if we may coin a word) lupanarial impudence, what is called par excellence, the reformation, sur passes them all. Can any proof be stronger, than knowing the facts we have quoted, and an hundred others, tlhat men should now talk of Catholic persecution ? We are sorry it should be so--we lament, that now, in the nineteenth century, and here, amongst the Antipodes, men should evoke the foul and fell spirit of religious hate and strife: a spirit now happily banished from the abodes of civilized man, except the British empire, and Prussia, now that its King has become a saint and evangelical, and goes snacks with John Bull, in sending a Bishop to Jerusalem, We trust, however, the noxious weed will never root in the soil of Australia ; but that her sons, come from whence they may, and who, and whatsoever they be, may amalgamate and commingle in concord, harmony, and peace:-all are men-all should be brothers. 