To the Lord Bishop of Tasmania. MY LORD,—YOU have, it appears, arrived at the conclusion of your lectures against the Catholic religion. We are, I assure you, extremely sorry to hear it. Far from injuring, you have rendered our cause essential service ; for you have provoked enquiry, and many Protestants who have never had an opportunity of hearing, and cared little to know what our doctrines really were, feel now eager for informa. tion, and some have already, by joining us, given satisfactory evidence that the spirit of enquiry thus excited, has not been altogether in vain. My labours would, perhaps, have ceased with your announcement to the above effect, for, there is no individual who deprecates more strongly than myself the introduction of religious disputes into the columns of a newspaper • and further, it is no principle of the Catholic religion to make uncharitable aggressions on the opinions of others. But Catholic doctrine has been again subjected to misrepresentations, and it is the part of a conscientious Catholic, under such circumstances, to give evidence of * he fa . Ith ""j? 1 ? 11 is in him » aTld to show that the doctnne s of the church to which he belongs will s t ? n( * the test of the severest enquiry. In compliance, therefore, with these doctrines, i have again come forward to correct some errors into which you have fallen since last 1 had the honor of addressing you; and here, perhaps, I mav be allowed to say, without meaning offence, that your explanations ofthe Catholic-doctrinehave b PPn e ;fi, PP k v „„ , T ^ ! ™ ^ m P 1,ca t>onor otherwise, a tissue ^'^presentations perverted facts_I . n . ot sa y !" Iful misrepresentations ; for there 13 an lr a P 1- uaence &} your admissions, and an ap- P earanc f of candour in your professions, which are at direct variance with your name for learning, and quite irreconcileable"With your proceedings; they would rather lead me to believe that you have been deceived yourself, and that therefore, you are liable to mislead others • vou are «J Protestant controversialist whom l S e r ! ^ ^ * Holy fathers as the arliculus stantis vel cadenli^ of th e "Otestant Church. Why, my Lord, under suc a test 1 1 could not exist a moment; at the v ®ry outset, they would be at isssue with you, on the supremacy of the Church of Rome, Irenaus, whom you love to quote, writing in the second century, speaks of Rome as "the y ™ th ™,headds, "and by such regular sucthe doctrine delivered to the Apostles ° escended t°us, and the proof most clear that it w one and the same vivifying faith which coming rom tfie Apostles, is at this time maintained and taught. Thus, my Lord, you perceive vou ave made an admission most fatal to your cause; and I think, therefofe, the mildest and R R U I T R^ A R I T A B , E in t Etin^Jk^jK H " * T f ^ h ? ,' "J &* » ° F . j ? athers > but u*.. h *™ niecefv ..nicely used Home 8, Burnett's, or some such Compendiums, which have been published for controversy rather than the exposition of faith. However, to the subject. In my last, I mentioned merely, that you had misinterpreted the decree of the Council of Trent upon the intention required in the administration of the Sacra, ments, and should not have considered it necessary further to notice it, had you not again introduced it in your lecture on absolution; you state, that the minister has, if. he thinks proper, from pique or otherwise, the power of withholding the effect of the Sacraments, which you were pleased to designate "a most impious doctrine." Now, how far your statement is agreable with fact will appear from the following remarks, which I have taken from Dr. Hornibold, a recognised Catholic writer on this subject; apd here I will remark that this is the fair way of proceeding; if you want Catholic doctrine, do not take it from Protestant writers, but go to the Catholic au »V „ _-' ~ o~ _ tnonty. c v l y c e c In the first place, intention in w 'kJ^? 1 ' 150116 -, • Ct 0f de . t , erm^in g ttimg thing by the means: ; it is requisite reauKife-to lo every rational action, and much more to every religious action. " There are three kinds of intention of which men are v. V.UJJUUU., capable, viz..—actual/which uuiuai, wmcn IS is accompanied with an actual attention ofthe mind to the thing we are about; virtual, wlion when the actual intention is judged to remain in its force by - . not being o expressfy . J r e t ™ v. ^ IUVGII.UUICU bj by too long a time; and haSituawES habitual, which is the faculty of performing a thipg obtained by -habit or custom, without any actual reflection or virtual influence upon the work. In the administration ofthe Sacraments, an actual intention is most desirable; a virtual intention is sufficient• but an habitual intention is not sufficient. For example, if a minister performs the work in a ludicrous manner; if he is asleep, drunk, or mad,-he has either no intention, or only an habitual one." Now, so far you may perceive he. speaks only of the intention which is requisite for the validity of the Sacraments in the minister's caso^j but it is quite another thing with regard to the receiver; for immediately afterwards he says:—" But it is not necessary to intend the effect ofthe Sacraments, otherwise how could heretics and pagans baptize validly?" Now, my Lord, after this exposition, if you appeal to your conscience, you must acknowledge.that at least you had misunderstood our doctrine on this point. I will now proceed to correct some errors you have fallen into, with regard to confession and absolution; and here I must acknowledge that I find it difficult to grapple with you, because you do not directly mis-state our doctrines, and, yet by substituting inferential for positive charges against us, by a suppressio veri, which in argument is equal to misrepresentation, you first make out false premises, and then jump at a conclusion far more extensive than would be warranted even if the premises were correct For example, you first say:_«The chief difference between the doctrine of the Catholic and the Protestant Church, is, that we believe that God alone has the power to forgive sins:" now, though you do not say so, yet there is direct implication, that the Catholic believes the converse; but, as you will perceive by-andb>e, when I quote the decree ofthe Council of Trent upon this point, this is far from the truth, I will simply declare, and X am not afraid of being disowned by the Catholic Church for doing so, that the Catholic Church does now or ever did teach, that sins were forgiven by any other than God, or by any other means than the atonement of Christ. How then, mv Lord, did you come to such a conclusion ? Cer"- tainly not by the words of absolution, for you did not give them ; it is true, that you professed to <guoto thorn, but this ie -want of firmness and candour, of which I complain; far from doing so, you omitted the words of absolution altogether, and furnished for them an unimpor. tant paragragh, which, though following it, forms no part thereof. I ask you, then, is this consistent with t^at fairness "with which you profess to examine-our doctrines? Where is that conscience to which you so frequently appeal ? But it would explain the point more clearly, if I were to furnish the words of absolution used by the Catholic Church, and I will, with becoming reverence, take the liberty of suggesting, that, if |t differs at all from that used in the Daily Service of the Protestant Church, it is in being rather more modest in its declaration of the power conferred: " Our Lord Jesus Christ absolve thee, and 1 by his authority do absolve thee, as far as I have the oiver and thou standest in need, from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." But let us not be content with the words alone, let us see in what sense they are used by us. On the sacrament of penance, the Council of Trent thus decrees, " They who by sin, have fallen from the grace of justification, are enabled again to be justified when God exciting them, through the sacrament of penance, they recover that lost grace through the merits of Christ. WHIR Wl„ LLLLL V/Ui N/IT " M.R ° T ~ . J IL.. ,v *. y"iCl 1 read E?L3S R your hearers * W ? have laid the matter before vour hearors 5n in uld a more clear or, at least, a fairer point of view • „ f v . . V r . : » a in other words, this is the proposition of the church ; we believe that when a a'sinner renents repents of . his sins from / his „ heart, . ' and , r. acknowledges his transgressions to God and his ministers-the d.spenser S pf.the mysteries of Christ_-resolvin g fr„ t r lr r r h f 1 ' GVl1 ^ ^ ^ i° Vth fruit worthy of penance ^ere w then, and not l l u l T ^ l T ^ e t0 a suoh a penitential sinner ? from ^ ^his sins; b l°- which ,Ve suoh penitential sinner from his sins • We beIieV 6 hr ' ? i l ® t ave his .& Apostles, the Bl s , h °P s uand Priests " «»JL^ Receive ye i' the Holy Ghost, &c.;"—John y he ? , he sai xx., <J ttecevoe ve t.hjp. Hnhi Crhnat. Urn" TnVin -c. 22, 23; and that this was the signification in which those words were understood by the Primitive Church. I will quote those Fathers whom you had the boldness to assert never mentioned the subject; but you say that, by you, they are considered only declaratory, and then conditional,—whilst with us they are judicial and absolute; in this statement was involved a contradiction, because in the previous in explaining our sacrament of penance, named that the conditions necessary, were confession, and satisfaction; however, I think our real words of absolution suffi. explain the conditions required; but — V uie CUUUIUUUB required; but hether the words are to be considered judicial r declaratory, the Holy J Fathers shall themfiror^ 1 selves declare. Having stated simply the proposition of our faith, *.we will — V..U.UIC examine what hum Lire the anureu sacred nvnjitures have declared upon this point, and then Scripdetermine d^pminn whether nluAo. the >k. conference e thereof ...L....* with the ^writings writings thereof, nereot, is Is agreeable agreeaible to to the the decrees decrees Council of Trent:--" And I give to thee the keys," &c.;, Matt. xvi. 10. « Amen", I say to you whatsoever you shall bind on eartl'i shall be bound in heaven, and, whatsoever you shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven,'' ibid xviii. 18. "As the Father. 1 sent me, so also I send you," &c.;, John xx., 21, 22, 23. And now for the Primitive Church, though I must necessarily be concise. In the second century Irenmus, " Some touched in conscience publicly confessed their sins, while others in despair renounced their faith." Tertullian, in the same century, " If thou thinkest Heaven is still closed, recoliect that the Lord left the keys thereof to Peter, and through him to the Church; if you still draw back, let your mind turn to that eternal fire which confession will extinguish ; and that you may not hesitate to adopt the remedy, ponderate the greatness of future punishment ; and as you are not ignorant that against that fire, after the baptismal institution, the aid of confession has been appointed, why are you an enemy to your own salvation ?" And in the third century, St. Cyprian, "I entreat you, my brethren, let all confess their faults, while he that has offended enjoys life, while his confession can be received, and while the satisfaction and pardon imparted by the priests are acceptable before God." And Origen, about the same period, " We have all. power to pardon the faults committed against ourselves ; but he on whom Jesus breathed, as, he did on the apostles, he forgives, provided God forgive, and retains those of which the sinner repents not." And in the fourth century the judicial character ofthe confessional is more clearly expressed, St. Chrysostom, " Priests do not judge of the leprosy of the body; they judge of that of the soul, and they do not inquire whether souls be purified, but they have also the power to purify them." And again, " What power, I ask, can be greater than this?—the Father gave all ower to his Son, and this very power Christ Sas communicated to his ministers; as much as Heaven is more noble than the earth, and the soul than the body, so is this power as much above the temporal. It were madness, then, to despise a power without which we cannot obtain salvation, nor the possession of the promised good." St. Ephrem, in the same century says, " i T l® re ™ ission of sins 's not granted to mortels but through the ministry of the priest." St. Hilary, St. Ambrose, St. Pacianus, St. Jerome, all write in the same sense. St. Innocent, in bis epistle to Decentius, written in the year 416, "But in estimating the grievousness of sins, it is the duty of the priest to judge, attending to the confession of the penitent, and the signs of his repentance." I have, then, my Lord, proved by the writings of the Fathers, during the four first centuries, that our faith did not differ from them on this subject. I have hurried through them rapidly, it is true; but I think concise as they are, they must carrv with them conviction to the most prejudiced that ours is at least no novel doctrine. Should, however, it be deemed necessary, and not considered too great an encroachment on the liberality ofthe Press, I will furnish more voluminous quotations all to the same purpose, with the pages of the works wherein they may be found. I have, before I take my leave of you, to correct much unfair misrepresentation of our doctrine on justification by faith and purgatory; but as I have already extended this communication far beyond the limits I had intended, I must defer my remarks thereon till next week. And now, my Lord, I must implore of you, for your ocin own sake, iue Qocinnes to pause before or our you VJhurch again : misrepresent efore the doctrines of our Church; and and y° u again attach to them the dreadful nam* name of impious, j do read j some r, Catholic ., works , on theology; ; and anuu if you wish wisn to arrive at truth, tri INCTAA/1 NF /TN11!NM two or J.1 silly •11 objection: I • _ instead ir.st M H of nf citing quotations extracted i.t^A _ without •examination of ui the uie context, and ana too often misrepresented, distorted, and misquoted, vou were to take up Delahogue, Lequirror IZ °f her reco g n ' z ed theologian, D^ns. if Z please, and read them, studv them as men 0f e^uaI Glides with yourself have 3 them, for twelve or fourteen hours every dayconsume over tnem them tne the miimgnt midnight lamp, exauuusuuiu mining the evidence ofthe Christian and revealed law,—the evidence on which the very .. roof of the inspiration • • .. of the /. Old ^N. and . New . __ J ?'estaments rests,—and the external evidence on which faith is founded; do this for the next three or four years, and I shall be indeed deceived if you do not find that your knowledge of Catholicity has been hitherto obscured bv the murky atmosphere of prejudice, which will vanish before truth like the mists of the morning before the rays of the sun; you will, I am sure, discover that there is nothing in the Catholic religion which your Lordship will be capable of opposing. Craving pardon for the liberty I have taken in correcting one so exalted, I can only subscribe -myself with great humility, Yeur Lordship's servant, AN IRISH CATHOLIC. 