TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. EDUCATION-THE CATECHISM. SrR--The present-system of the board of edu cation has been repeatedly denounced as an in fidel system. This statement has perfectly asto nished me : for what way.it can be confirmed I am totally at a loss to conceive. If the lioly scrip tures were formally excluded from the sclhools, it would furnish an appearance of reason for this outcry. If the teachers taught anything contrary to the scriptures, there might be some justice in the remark ; or if means were used to avoid all mention of the subject of religion, the opponents of the board would not be without some just ground of complaint: but I am not aware that the existence of these evils, or of either of them, has yet been discovered. On the contrary, the bible is used as a class-book in all the schools various portions of it are committed to memory by the children-they are very strictly questioned on those parts to which their attention is from time to time directed, and every opportunity is seized by most, if not all, of the teachers, to recommend the claims and privileges of religion to their minds and hearts. Your correspondent, Rev. R. Davies, com plains bitterly that the Roman catholics and the jews are not compelled to read the whole canon and version of scripture as recognised by pro testants : le has at least dwelt much on this point -surely with but little satisfaction to himself. Is not the reverend gentleman aware that to compel either of these classes of children to read the whole of our scriptures in the authorised version, would be a species of persecution ? Has lie no consci ence-or does he suppose they have none, or so little that it is not worthy of the slightest respect ? This is the conclusion at which, after considering his letter, I have been compelled to come: and I can only say I do not envy him, as a minister of the gospel of peace and love, that perverted state of mind which suffered him to commit some of his remarks on this subject to paper, and to give them to the public. Instead of being angry at the exception made in favour of the papists and the jews, it would have become Mr. Davies much more had he rejoiced that such parties were ad mitted, not only to the privileges of secular in struction, but that they were brought also within the hearing of those precious truths which are able to make wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. The great scandal, however, of the present r system of public education, in addition to the ex- I clusion of the clergy from the sole management of f the schools, is the non-introduction of the episco pal catechism and formularies. Before offering c any remarks on this alleged cause of complaint, I c would direct the public attention to the lamentable I want of christian truth and candour on the part 1 both of Bishop Nixon and of the clergy of his a diocese.. It is known probably to most of your c readers that a catechism on the faith and duty of I a christian, compiled by a bishop of the English church, and printed and sold by the society for i the' promotion of christian knowledge-of the i branch of which in this colony Bishop Nixon is president I believe, and to which most of the clergy belong; this catechism, thus compiled, I sanctioned, and sold, has been Introduced into all c the schools, and the children are required to repeat a portion of it every day. To this compilation, 1 however, though wholly in the words of scripture, not jthe slightest allusion is ever .made by those I who so zealously denounce the infidelity of the present system. The bishop in his address to the council, last year, was, for reasons best known to 1 himself, completely silent on the subject; and for I like reasons, I suppose, the clergy have followed f liis example. I ask, is this fair ? is it christian- c like? Why should not the existence and use of .this catechism be acknowledged. Why not let it be proclaimed, that if the contents of this small I volume be properly learned and digested by the children, they cannot fail to possess a good and I faithful summary of the scripture doctrine? But it. is not the church catechism. Truite, but it is not much better? I know of no professed compila tion of scripture truth that is so defective, erro ;neous, and difficult to be understood as the boasted church catechism.. Happy will it be for the episcopal body, when they shall consent to throw it aside, and adopt some more intelligible and perfect compendium. It is not my intention at present to discuss minutely, what I consider to be the pernlicious errors of this cathechisni. To be filly comprehended, it must be considered as oinly the part of a system, which with much truth, admits a fearful combination of grievous errors. This to many of your readers may appear a :startling statement. I would solicit themr to examine for themselves, and see if it be not true. Take the baptismal service. How preposterous, and something more, are the promises made by the sponslors on behalf of the children relative to their renouncing the devil and all his works, &c.; language which the child if it learn the catechism, is calleel' parrot-like too frequently, to repeat, without its having received any instruction, as to the nature of the promises or its obligations to perform them. I have examined the scriptures again and again, but I have never been able to discover that they furnish any intimation for the existence of such sponsors as they who make the said promises, and much less do they justify any one human being in promising on behalf, and as the surety of another that lie will renounce the devil and all his works, the pomps and vanity of this wicked world, and all the sinful lusts of the flesh, &c.; If religion, sir, is to be taught in the schools, give us that of the bible, and not of the church catechism. Again, when the child has been baptised, the minister appealing to a holy and heart-searching God, affirms, " we yield thee hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it bath pleased thee to regenerate. this infant with thy holy spirit, to receive him for thine own child by adoption, and to incoporate him into thy holy church." I have often been amazed at the teme rity of good and holy men employing such strong language as this; when in 999 instances out of a thousand, subsequent experience proves they must have uttered a gross untruth. But this is not my concern just now. I turn to the catechism, and find the child in reference to its baptism says, "' wherein I was made a member of Christ, the child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven." Here the child is early taught to cherish, and to utter what it knows, if it knows anything on the subject, is a lie. Is it then to be wondered at that the child thus taught, should grow up the ignorant and immoral man ? The question to ble decided, however, is, does the child really understand what it repeats? I more than doubt it-and I also doubt if the various clergy in this colony were closely examined concerning their views on the sulbject of baptismal regeneration, they would be found to have clear notions, or would be at all agreed in their senti ments concerning it. In confirmation of this statement, I beg to introduce to your readers the following fict. I copy it as I the other day met with it in an English periodical. '"At the annual clerical meeting, held at the Rev. D. Wilson's, Islington, January 5, 1842, Archdeacon Hoare, in the dhair, and nearly 100 clergymen present; the subject for discussion being the baptismal service, and the doctrine of regeneration as connected with that rite, the fol lowing speakers stated their opinion, in effect, as follows: " Mr. Cunningham (of Harrow) said, his opinion was, that in baptism, some positive, clear, distinct intelligible blessing and benefitcalled by the name of' regeneration' was conveyed to the infant. This benefit is reconciliation to God; a change of state, but not necessarily a change of nature. Not an alteration of the moral condition of the child, but simply a change by which the child is brought into outward communion with the church, and this is the state in which the services is called 're generation I' Mr. Burgess said he could not agree to this view. His opinion was, that in baptism the infant receives the remission of original sin; and a prin ciple of divine life imparted by the Holy Ghost; a seed given to fructify or die, but always given. He considered that a repenting, believing, con verted adult was not pardoned, nor received re generation until baptism. Mr. C. Bridges differed from each of the pre ceding speakers. His view of the question was, that in baptism, when the prayers are offered in faith, as contemplated by the framers of our services, those prayers which we put up for the child's regeneration are heard and answered, and the gift of regeneration is granted to prayer. But in other cases, i. e., when there is no really faithful prayer, there is no work of the Holy Ghost, who works not without exerting an energetic power, producing visible effect. Mr. Venn could not agree with any of these in terpretations. He said he believed that in the baptismal service regeneration is said to be bestowed conditionally or hypothetically, i. e., on the hypo thesis that the infant really professes faith, and when come to years of discretion it will believe and repent. For it is on this ground only, that is, on the sponsors answering for this faith in the infant, that the ordinance is administered." These were the only speakers oni the occa. sion; and although some %weeks notice had been given of the meeting, and we may presume they came prepared to discuss the subject, the result was, they all difered. :It is not for me to say who was right, or whether they were not all wrong but I should very much like to know what answer the clergy of this colony would give to some in quisitive children who might require to be informed by what means the water applied to them in bap tism effected their regeneration- whether it pos sessed some mystic charm, that the simple fact of its application to them made them the members of Christ, &c.;, or whether its efficacy is dependent on the apostolical succession of the administrator. This subject, both in its nature and effects, isi too serious however to be treated lightly, my de sire has been to direct the attention of candid episcopalians to it, and at the same time to point out that if some of the most evangelical and pious men in the church of England, whose serious at tention has been devoted frequently and long to solve the difficulties involved in the administra tion of the ordinances of religion, how absurd is it to require that infant minds should be crammed with a multitude of words to which it is impossible they should attach any definite ideas; and which therefore cannot influence their character, con science, or conduct. Surely religious knowledge may be obtained from a higher source and through a purer channel than that which has elicited these remarks; and until the clergy remove what is erroneous, supply what is defective, and render more intelligible what may be true in their re cognised catechism, I do think they ought to be content with giving religious instruction directly fiom the bible itself; that' they ought not to de mand that the government should compel the rising generation of the colony to learn such absurd and erroneous doctrines as are inculcated in the episcopal standards; and that they would effect much more good, if they would lend their aid to render the present system more efficient. Obliged for your insertion of the former letter, and trusting you will find room for the one I now send, you may perhaps hear again from your con stant reader, T. Haobart Town. P. S.-I would make another remark. I have called attention to what I deem objectionable, at the beginning of the catechism. The.answers to the following questions are in my opinion equally so, savouring too much of Rome; and therefore unfit to be taught to the children of protestants: Q.-How many sacraments hath Christ ordained in his church ? A.-Two only, as generally necessary to salva tion; that is to say, baptism and the Lord's supper. Q.-What is the inward part, or thing signified ? (in tihe Lord's supper.) A.-The body and blood of Christ, which are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord'ssupper. If theso answers are to be understood in their literal and granunatical sense, Dr. Pusey and his disciples have good reason, for not desfring any change in this semi-popish manual; while pro testant evangelical clergymen, anxious for the propagation of the gospel in its purity and sini plicity, should endeavour to restrain its use, if not to seek its destruction, and not to raise such aii outcry, because it has not been adopted by the board of education. 