MR. O'CONNEL'S DEFENCE. [From Hie Weekly Diipalcb, Feb. II] Mr. Editor,— Mr. O'Connell lias midrtiued tlio Court and Jury id bis defence, or rattier lie bag addressed the pqwla of the United Kingdom underJiis privilege of addressing the Court and Jorv. His speech ib sen sible, temperate, and shows consum mate judgment. It contains none el' that false eloquencn which llie Irish ere so fond of. I must divide Hi is excellent speech into two very dis tinct branches — the one apnliei (0 ils principles aud to the conducting of Ike prosecution, und the other con sists of statistical details, most of which appear to me false or greatly exaggerated, and if (rue, they could not in the slightest degree justify a Kcpeal of the Union. Tlie remedy would lie by far worse than the dis race. I must Lay down the doctriue, ?hat if every particle of offence with which Mr. O'Connell is charged were proved to be true, (here is not an ntom of the charges that would incul pate with honourable anil upright minds. The charges made against him redound highly to his honour. It is his right, as an Irishman, to urge the Hepeal of the Union. Sup poie F.iig'lund were tired of iho Irish connexion, nud that the Crown and Government were resolved lo rigidly enforce it. As the English are not represented in IWliatncnl, and have not the slightest moans of bringing their rulers lo any sense of justice, or 10 any compliance wjili the national wishes, the people of Englaud hare a right to enforce their claims by agita tion, orhy any other peaceable means. A question of great importance must arouse agitation in a very short time. Our. people are averse to (he union tyilh Canada; and die Canadians, heaven knows, are equally averse to the onion will) us.. Kach party is persuaded, and justly persuaded, that a separation between (he two would be bene6cial lo both ; and as Minis ters, through the mouth of (he Queen, hare declared their resolution lo pre serve the union, the people on both sides of the Atlantic have a right to agitate. If Haiupden had nol pro duced even an armed agitation against lhat infatuated foolish mo narch, Charles the First, we should now be a nation of most ahject slaves. What hopes has our country of get ting rid of the Corn Laws but liy agitation ? Whether the cause be right or wrong, (here is a right to agitate, and (he agitator must take his level according to his talents, and (he merit of what lie advocntes. Mr. O'Connell, in his speech, claims an acquittal as a matter of right and jus tice, and on the ground that he has not transgressed any law. Such a transgression would be highly meri torious, and shameful is it to enforce such a law as he is charged with violating How enn society be pro greesiie in morals, intelligence, or improvements of any sort but by cither repealing or resisting laws, or suffering them to become dead letters on (he Statute Hooks. If, perchance, a niad King, an nhstinate and igno rant Ministry will not suffer a law to be repealed, it is the right and duty of (he people lo resist it. He says to the Jury, ' I am the advocate of Ire land and the Irish people. I am a Repealer— I avow it. I am con scious of my integrity of purpose, and I tell you that when I commenced that line of conduct which h.is brought me before you this day, the object I h»d_ in view was the Repeal ot the Union. I tell you that I cannot bear it — it was forced upon the Irish people by the most foul and unjustifi able means that ever a Government had recourse to, and I have the high est Bothotily for saying so.'' This justifies in my mind ihe agitation, but it is no justification of repealing the Union. It is unquestionable that the Union was produced by the foulest and eren the most cruel of means, but ii the Irish bad not been as those tbat bribed them, the Union would not have taken place. There are -crimes and foulness on both sides. Mr. O'Connell must recollect that considerably more than half a million ? of money was spent in bribing (be Irish nohility, gentry, clergy, and ? lawyers, in favour of (he Union, and on an equitable adjustment of the question this money ought to be re paid to England by Ireland. The Irish have no right to say to the English, ' You have made foul and dirty tools of ns, we have pocketed your money, and we will now get rid of our part of the bargain without re turning the cash.' liut the Irish, two years lielore (he Union, had a glorious opportunity of asserting their rights, but neither the nobility or gentry came forward to assist the people who were making a glorious struggle in arms. If the Union were repealed, the Irish would be equally treacherous lo each other. There is great manlineeB in the following pas sage of Mr.' O'Corfbell's eloquent speech. Slip words and rather ex traragant sentences . arc raked up against him. They are accumulated without reference to context or the purpose of his speeches : und if this infamous mode of getting up a case were pursued, the most temperate, ' phlegmatic, and cautious wan in the . world might be caught in the Attor \- tiey-Generat'canare. -Mr. O'Connell *ays, ' No doubt 1 may, in the ex . citetnenlof n moment, have said such .. things . of. individuals T that, upon re.' \- flection, I would rather bad not said; but the substance of all I hare ever said, I am not only resdy to rindicate, but to reiterate again. Then, as to all my actions, I am not only ready to avow them, but to justify them; all that I hare done was in the perform ance of what 1 believed to be a sacred duty, having no oilier objept in view than the restoration of the Irish Par liament and the good of the Irish people.' There is something very powerful in the following little pas sage : — ' There is a great discre pancy of opinion between you aud me. You differ from me on the question of Hepeal ; and if you did nol, you would not be here to-day to try u case like this — you differ from me iu point of religion ; and if you did not, not one of you would bo in that box to-day. If one of you professed (he same faith that I do, you would not be allowed lo -sit in judgment. I may say, that all the differences that exist between us are aggravated — are aggravated by my being a Catholic — und that I have done more (ban any other man living to put down Protestant ascendancy, ?of which some of you were, perhaps, the champions, anil if not the cham pions, you were not the antago nists.' This i* a strong exposure of the infamy of packing a jury, espe cially in the proportion of eleven out of twelie. With an honest cause, there could be no necessity for such a base resource — a resource in modern times beyond all parallel in turpitudo. Had (he jury been high spirited meo, they would have paid their forfeits, and refused to compose a panel so suspiciously chosen. The Irish case 4s like Lord lildon's celebrated in dictment of Home Tooke, in which lie made a speech of nine hours' length, in order to establish the doc trine of constructive or accumulative treason. I here was not one fact, but a series of facts — not one law, but a series of laws — raked up through se veral centuries. Although the jury was packed by the Government, it de feated the Attorney- General's (Lord Kldou's) attempt, and his indictment was almost kicked out of court. The scene in Ireland resembles this: men nrc indicted, not for one, two, three, four, or even a dozen facts, but for conduct pursued for nine months. If there was danger and illegality in this agitation, it was the duty of Go vernment to suppress it immediately; if there was no danger or illegality, the Government ought not to inter fere. It is not for a Government to connive at puMic proceedings, and then proceed against them as criminal and dangerous. Mr. O'Connell makes ibe following extract from a previous lelterofntiue on this subject; — 'Gen- tlemen, this prosecution hinges on Ihe cabalistic word 'conspiracy;' aud what is a conspiracy T It I look into the dictionary for ihe meaning of it, I find that a conspiracy is a ' private agree ment between several persons to com mit a crime.' Now, that is the coui ?uon-sense definition of the word. Ii is, certainly, an odd Irish meaning of a conspiracy to apply it (0 men who publish their proceedings in every newspaper,and who fearlessly exposed Lliem to thousands. Conspiracy, in ils nature, implies secrecy. Perhaps in Irishman, in (ho outskirts of a meeting of 100,000, or of 500,000 persons, nas at Tara, and not able to hear even Mr. O'Connell's powerful voice at such a distance, and over the heads of such an immense multitude, might say that Daniel O'Connell is guilty of a conspiracy, for he speaks to the people in a whisper, and no body can hear him. Societies on the continent, such as the Carbonari and Illuminati, have been persecuted for conspiracy, because they met with closed doors, and confined their doc trines to themselves. Now, Mr. O'Connell is indicted for a conspi racy, because he promulgates his doc trines to all around him. He says in his excellent speech — ' They do not allege any private information; no, not even a single private conversation. Every thing was open, unconcealed, public, as clear to the eyes of the whole world as the noon-day sun ; its evidence was to be found in the columns of 'The Evening Mail quite as much as in those of The Evening Post That a set of frantic, stupified, infatuated, and even besotted fanatics, should rake up dirt and nonsense from the Statute-book, for reports of law proceedings, and indict a man for a conspiracy exposed to all the world, is not at all out of character; but that the Attorney-General of the Queen should contrive such a charge of con spiracy, is to me truly astonishing. Sir R. Peel, in taking office, said that his chief difficulty would lie in his governing Ireland, and he has gathered a force of 50,000 men for (he purposes of Government. This im mense array will be defeated, nol by rebellion, but by bursts of laughter. If Mr. O'Connell were guilty of any offence, there would have been no necessity: for almost packing a jury, the. Attorney-General having three Judges out of four in his favour, and speaking for eleven hours, aud occu pying the Court with the examination of witnesses for ubout sixteen days. An honest or a useful purpose docs not require much labour. The prose cutors have, laid before the jnry a mass of evidence thai the most stu dious and laborious of sedentary law yers could not get through in lesB than six months ; and yet a jury is called upon to wade through this evidence, and come to a decision in a few days. I cannot refrain from quoting another extract from Ml-. . O'Connell's very admirable speech: — ' Your honest view of the case will-be, that if a. conspiracy ex ists, it must be proved, and if not proved, that it does not exist. The Atloniey-Geueral, in good sooth, leaves it to your imagination to dis corer where this conspiracy exists. A conspiracy ought to be a reality, but he leaves if altogether to you to imagine it.' The charge, to com pare little things with great, is as ridiculous as Ur. Johnson's belief in the Cock-lane ghost. I shall leave this part of Mr. O'Connell's speech. lie proceeds to justify the Repeal of the Union, but really not a single point of bis speech amounts (0 a justi fication. He says, that the Protes tants tyrannize over the Catholics, and promote dissension and domestic discord, Tbis is, no doubt, very true, but a repeat of the Union is not the right political prescription. The Great Agitator quotes a passage from a ce lebrated speech of Earl Grey, in which he said, ' In fact, Ihe nation is ncavly unanimous, and the great majority is composed, not of bigots, fanatics, or Jacobins, but of the most respectable of every class of the com munity.' If this were a fact, how came it that the Irish were so very easily bribed? Mr. O'Couuell says that tlio Union was carried by the most base of measures, but it must be remembered that there must be two parlies lo baseuesss. K there is a bribe, there must bo a briber, and a more or less willing re ceiver of the bribe. I am astonished that Mr. O'Connell should be so in discreet as to quote Mr. littrke. -He (ells us that Mr. Burke said — 'The basest corruption and artifice were ex cited to promote the Union — all the worst passions of the human race were entered into the service, and all the most depraved ingenuity of tlie human intellect tortured to devote new contrivances for fraud.' G rattan ibus reports (he language of Lord Castlereagh, in reference (o the cor ruption which might become necessary to carry the Union : — 'Half a mil lion or more were expended some years since to break an opposition — the same, or a greater sum, may be ne cessary now;' and Graltan added, '* that Lord Castlereagh had said so in the most extensive sense of bribery and corruption. The threat was proceeded on — the peerage Eold — the califlTs of corruption were every where — in the lobby, in the streets, on the steps, and althejdoor of the Parliamen tary leader, offering lilies to some, oflice to others, corruption to all.' There never was a more sneaking, craven and foul corruptionisMhun Mr Btirke, and G rattan was but a Whig parlizau, of not a better character. Mr. O'Connell ought lo be prudent enough to keep these things in the back ground. The Union was un questionably carried by the vilest sys tem of George the Third's detestable government/with Pill's administra tion. Hut this has nothing lo do with Mr. O'Connell's case. The Union being established for forty years, the only question is, whether il he expe dient or possible to repeal il, and what could be substituted instead. Here is what I must reluctantly call downright nonsense in Mr. O'Con nell's speech : — ' That for several years Ireland his advanced in perma nent taxation more rapidly than Great Hritain itsel:, notwithstanding the immense evcrlions of the latter coun try, including (he extraordinary and war taxes, (he permanent revenue of Great Hriiaiu having increased from the year 1801, to ihe proportion of ICi to 10; the whole revenue of Great Britain, including war taxes, as 2H lo 10 ; and the revenues of Ireland in the proportion of 23 to 10. But in the 34 years referred to your com mittee, the increase of Irish revenue has been in proportion to 46} (o 10 !' If this were true — but every word of it is false — il would he no argument whatever for the repeal of the Uuion ; the remedy would never meet (he dis ease. If (he Irish Union wero re pealed, (lie Irish people would be taxed to three limes the present amount. Mr. O'Connell refers to Lord Plunkett again, one of the most time-serving and the most suc cessfully place-seeking of all the Irish .patriots. Burke and G rattan were no thing lo him. Every clever man has, as the Scotch say, 'a B in his bon net,' and the English translate this into proclaiming a man ' cracked.' Doctors proceed farther, and pro nounce the sufferer a lunatic. Now, Air. O'Connell has his idiosyncrasy, or his monomania ; he raves about infidel France, during the French Revolution, and boasts that the Irish never joined in Ibe infidelity. What possible connexion has such a subject with the repeal of the Union ; it is a question of present and prospective utility. If it be useful to Ireland lo repeal the Union, let il be repealed ; and the utility, clearly shown, from almost indispntablc grounds ought to be established before great political and national unions are dissevered. Butitis, I must say, absolutely idiotic, ! and worse than idiotic, in Mr. O'Con- I ti ell's trying to effect the Repeal ques- j (ion by references to the religious in fidelity of France more than 60 years ago, and the fidelity of the Irish at the same, period. Mr. O'Connell is certainly not e philosopher, though he is a great dcclaimer amongst a people that are fond of declamation. 1 take up this case, Mr. Editor, solely in detestation of tlio arbitrary conduct of the Irish Attorney General in prosecuting' Mr. O'Connell far the expression of his opinions, and for the foul and dishonest means he lias con trived to attain his purpose. \- I have repeatedly .expressed my opinion that the Repeal question is, lo use vulW language, completely a humbug, ixcept as a .thorn in the side of Government, to coerce il to justice towards Ireland ; but the Re pealers haw an undoubted right to address the nation, and if, by strain ing, most monstrously absurd statutes arc to be revoked, and if Juries are to be almost packed to attain the ob ject, we are, indeed, retreating on the barbaroHE ages at their very worst period. Publicola 