COLONIAL RETROSPECT. NEW SOUTH WALES. A butcher of Singleton has produced some splendid collared mutton. The manner in which the meat is cured is by taking out all the bones, and then letting the sheep's carcase lie in brine for about four days; after which it is taken out, dried, and cured with spice and sugar; then rolled and tied tight with strings. There can be no doubt that mutton cured in this man- ner would keep well, and if the plan were extensively adopted; it might become an article of great home con sumption, if not a very advantageous export. The total number of schedules filed since the Insol vent Law has come into operation, amount to one thou sand and one. The total filed up to Saturday, the 21st October, was 410. In each succeeding quarter there has been a very considerable increase, as appears from the following statement:—Quarter ending 31st March, 92 ; ditto ending 30th June, 107 ; ditto ending 30th September, 172. The lowest number of schedules filed in any month in last year was in January, the number being 29 ; and the highest number in August, which was 66; the average number of each month is 41\. The number of schedules filed last year was 541, but by far the greater portion of these had become in solvents previous to the passing of the Insolvent Act. The Orator cleared out from Sydney on the 4th of January for Valparaiso, having on board about seventy emigrants, chiefly mechanics. Another batch of emi grants, including 98 men, 24 women, and 43 children, embarked, from Sydney in the Frances, for Valparaiso. A map of the eastern portion of Australia (as yet but imperfectly known) has been executed by Mr Thompson of Sydney, and forwarded to London. Mr Thompson has already distinguished himself by his admirable papers on the geography and geology of a portion of New South Wales. The map is said to be traced with great industry, and will be a valuable ad dition to the Australian archives. From the tables showing the aggregate circulation of notes by the Banks of Sydney from 1st January, 1836, to 39th June, 1813, it appears that the minimum cir culation was .£106,126 17s, and the maximum £223,608 2s 3d, which latter has suffered a reduction to £170,041 16s 8d. The boiling down system is proceeding regularly and rapidly amongst our Eastern neighbours, but the history of the new process is already full of warning against any attempts to extract fat from lean kine or lean sheep, especially as there appears to be no scarcity of prime conditioned stock from Australia Felix in the South to Moreton Bay in the North. We learn from the Sydney Australian that at the establishment of Mr Hallen, in Liverpool-street, eighty-nine head of cattle which were melted there, produced ten tons six hundred-weight and nineteen pounds of prime Y. C. Tallow, or an average of two hundred and fifty-nine pounds from each bullock. At three-pence per pound nett, this would yield three pounds four shillings and nine-pence per head, exclusive of the hide, which is worth six or seven shillings more. There seems to be no doubt that when the system becomes fully established, a much larger return per head may be calculated on. The scum of the tallow, for instance, might be converted into " graves" or what is known in Yorkshire by the name of "tallow craps," and which is extensively used in England in fattening cattle and pigs. A large quantity of bones will also remain, which could be made avail able for manure as soon as some enterprising individual shall establish a bone crushing machine. Besides the additional advantage which will in due lime result from the manufacture of gelatine, soup and bouilli, mutton hams, glue, neats' foot oil, spiced beef, parchment, car riage mats, &c.; In short, this important discovery has opened up, and will continue to open up numerous sources of exportable and consumable wealth. At the same melting establishment a flock of sheep has recently been boiled down, which averaged 27½lbs each of tallow from wethers, and 2lbs each from ewes, of a quality which has been declared by competent inspectors to be equal to any London made town tallow, whilst the beef tallow is said to excel any yellow candle tallow seen from Russia, where the practice of adulteration with lime and other ingredients has become very prevalent. The prices of tallow in the English market during the last four years exhibit an average of 47s 3d per cwt. for yellow candle, and 48s 6d for town tallow; from these data it has been calculated that the exporters of New South Wales will realize 82s to 33s per cwt, clear of every charge which would give above £4 per head for the tallow alone of a fat bullock, and about 7s ptr head for that of fat sheep. The Sydney Morning Herald states that the quantity of tallow sent from the colony in the last six mouths of 1843 was two hundred and sixty-three tons, which will be worth in London £11.000, of which about £7000 will go to the settlers, and £400 to the merchants and shipowners. Such facts must tend very materially to restore confidence in the vast resources of the sister colony. The sum of £3000 has been voted for the erection of a Custom-house in Sydney. The Distressed Labourers and Mechanics' Committee in Sydney has made its report, from which it appears that there are nearly 4000 people, namely, 1243 men, 804 married women, and 1701 children in a state of destitution at the present moment; and it is officially declared that this list is likely to increase. The Aus tralia again warns them against the fatal folly of going to Valparaiso, and'urges upon the Local Gorernment and the City Council forthwith to set on foot some large public works by which to afford employment to the destitute mechanics. £1000 has been voted to re move a portion of them into the interior, and some are receiving relief from a local society. On board only seventeen vessels which were loading in Sydney for Britain on the 6th instant, there were al ready shipped 5617 bales of wool ; 336 tuns black, sperm, and cocoa nut oil; 741 casks tallow; 989 tierces beef; 3710 hides; 893 fogs cedar; besides large quantities of other Colonial produce and miscellaneous merchandise and mineral ores,' A new work by Mr Hood, a gentleman who lately Visited New South Wales, entitled " Australia and the East" has reached Sydney, and is exciting considerable notice. It is described as being "an exceedingly agree able, chatty sort of production, which may be lead by every good Colonist with pleasure and advantage." From official returns laid before the Legislative Council of New South Wales we gather that the popu lation on the 30th September, 1343, amounted to 164,026 souls, of whom 102,447 were males, and 61,579 females. The proportion of females to males since the discontinuance of transportation has made rapid ad vances, which progressive correction of "the great moral blot" on the social constitution of New South Wales should alone be considered equivalent to any pecuniary loss caused by the discontinuance of the importation of convict labour. The export of horses to India from Sydney may now be considered a safe speculation, if the data be correct, and which there seems to be no reason to question. A return laid before the Legislative Council of Sydney shows that there are fifty-six thousand horses in that Colony, and in consequence of the excess of supply be yond any existing demand, really good horses can be obtained at £10 a-head, which would probably realize in India £60 a-head. Even at Manilla, there is a de mand for good horses at £75 per head delivered. Ships of large burthen are continually sailing from Sydney to India in search of freight; and since the question of horse exportation has been seriously and extensively mooted, shipowners have come forward with offers to convey horses at from £12 to £15 a-head, upon the easy conditions of receiving only one-fourth of the freight at the period of shipment, and the remaining three-fourths in India upon such horses only as may be landed there, affording the best possible assurance that every care will be taken of the animals during the voyage. If further inducement were wauling to urge onward the "calculators" of Sydney, it seems to be afforded by the authenticated account sales of 28 horses (principally geldings), sent out to Calcutta upon French account, from Normandy. The height of vhese horses varied generally from 15 hands 1 inch to 16 hands 1 inch ; their ages from 4 years to 6 years. The total amount realised for the 28 sold was 21,690 rupees, or rather better than £80 each. There' were only two mares, which sold as well as the average geldings, and only one chesnut gelding was withdrawn from the sale, on account of sickness and want of condition after so long a voyage. In a trial, Corr v Oppenheim, for false imprisonment, a verdict for £200 was given against the defendant, who was master of the Persian in which the plaintiff came out to the Colony, and who had on two several oc casions ordered the plaintiff to his cabin. This appears to have been one of those gross cases of usurpation of authority which masters of merchant vessels sometime, though now rarely, take upon themselves from an over bearing idea of their own relative position with regard to their passengers. The quarrel originated with the captain's wife. At the sale of the insolvent estate of A. R. Spark, Esq., lately one of the leading merchants of Sydney, horses reilized only fourteen shillings, sheep and cattle proportionally low, and a property, which actually cost the insolvent £14,000 was sacrified for £700. Arden's Sydney Magazine gave up the ghost with the second number. Whilst a man was recently at work in the neighbour hood of Sydney he was bitten by a black snake. The poor fellow showed unusual firmness, and endurance of pain ; he himself cut out the flesh of the parts affected, with a razor, filled the incision with gunpowder, and then set fire to and blasted it. He was kept in coustant motion to prevent the torpitude which usually follows a poisonous bite. His medical attendant applied a syphon to the parts to draw out the poison, and afterwards took blood from the parts near the wound, by cupping. The man showed firmness of principle as well as of nerve; for upon a glass of brandy being presented to him as a medicine, he refused to take it, until he had Mr Caffee's (his priest) permission to do so. He has recovered. Some idea of the commercial importance of Sydney may be formed on a presentation of the following facts. At the close of the last year the harbour contained sixty-two ships and vessels of from 50 to 550 tons' bur then, making a register tonnage of nearly 18,000 tons. There were twenty-two Colonial whalers at sea, seven of which had captured at the date of the last advices 2,250 barrels of oil. The details of a week's arrivals and departures, in ports and exports, occupy the largest portion of a newspaper column, and the lists of expected arriva's comprise forty-three ships and vessels, front British, Colonial and Foreign ports. From the contemplation of the capital city, we turn to the examination of the Colony of New South Wales, with its statistics, commerce, and resources, and we find a a population of 160,000 souls; acres under cultivation. 116,000; a year's exports valued at £1,067,411 ditto I imports, £1,445,000; ditto shipping inwards, 650; I ditto shipping outwards, 639; coin in the Banks, £408,00.0; and a revenue of £870,000. Whatever may be the present position of New South Wales, the time must shortly come when, as a field of investment, it will present numberless and renewed attractions, and as a seat of commerce operations the most extensive and extraordinary. The first session of the first Legislative assembly tof New South Wales closed its sittings on the 28th of December ,last. The famous Pfandbrief Bill, which, after having undergone the fullest discussion by the Council and the press, was, in the face of the most solid and unanswerable objections read a third time and passed ; but his Excellency returned it to the Legis lative Council with the following laconic note In THE NAME, AND ON BEHALF OF HER Majesty, I WITH HOLD Her Majesty's sanction to this Bill." 