' FEAST OF THE ANNUNOTATION. Upon this festival we celebrate the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary ; when the Angel Gabriel was sent to tell her that she was to be the mother of our Lord, and when the Holy Ghost came upon her, and over- shadowed her with the power of the Highest. In that great event was fulfilled her anticipation that all generations should call her blessed. All generations have called her blessed. The AngeLbegan the salu- .tation he, said, " Hail, thouthatart highly-favoured ; the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou among wo men." Aga:n be said, " Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found favour with God ; and behold thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shall, call His name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest." Her cousin Elizabeth was the next to greet her with, her appro priate title. Though she was filled with the Holy Ghost at the lime she spake, yet, far from thinking herself by such a gift equalled to Mary, she was thereby moved to use the lowlier and more reverent language— " She spake out with a loud voice, and said. Blessed, art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. And whence is this to me, that the mollnr of my Lqrd should come to me?" Then site repeated, " Blessed Is she that believed ; for there shall be a performance of those things which were tokl her- from the .Lord." Then it was that Mary gave utterance to her feelings in the Hymn which we reatLin the Evening Service. How many and complicaled must they have been ! In her was now to be fulfilled that promise which the world had been looking out for during thousands of years. The seed of the woman, announced to guilty Eve, after long delay was at length appearing upon earth, and was to be born of Her. In her the doctrines of the world were to be reversed, and the serpent's head bruised. On her was bestowed the greatest honour ever put upon any individual of our fallen race. God was taking'upon Him her flesh, and humbling himself to be called her offspring; such is the deep mystery ! She of course would feel her own inex pressible unworthipess ; and again, her humble iot, Iter ignorance, her weakness in the eyes of the world, And she had moreover, we may well suppose, that l/wii. j nuu iuuui,ciitB ui uean, uiai origin, vision oj raith, that confiding trust in her God, which raised all these feelings to an intensity which we ordinary mortals cannot understand, We cannot understand them ; we repeat her hymn day after day, yet con sider for an instant in how different a mode we say it from that in which, she at the first uttered it. We even hurry it over, and ao not think of the meaning of those words which came from the most highly - favoured, awfully gifted of the children of men. ' My soul doth magnify the Lord; and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour. For lie hath regarded the low estate of his hand-maiden ; for behold, from henceforth alf generations shall call me blessed. For he that is mighty hath magnified me ; and holy is his name. And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to' generation." The title of Blessed was first given to the Virgin by the Angel, and. after wards by the Church in all ages since to this day. She was blessed first because in her the curse pro nounced on Eve was changed to a blessing. Eve was doomed to bear-children in sorrow ; but now this very despensation, in which the token of Divine anger was conveyed, was made the means by which salvation came into the world. Christ was sent forth by the Father as the son of Mary, to show that all our sorrow and all our corruption can be blessed and changed by him. The very punishment of the fall, the very taint of birth-sin, admits of a cure by the coming of Christ. Another portion also of the original punishment of woman may be considered as repealed when Christ was born of the Virgin. The sentence ' Thy husband shall rule over thee," has been strikingly fulfilled throughout the heathen world. But when Christ came as the seed of the woman, he vindicated the rights and honour of his mother Not that the dis tinction of ranks is destroyed under the Gospel ; the woman is still made inferior to the man, as he to Christ ; but the slavery is done away with. .St. Peter bids the husband give honour unto the wife, because the weaker, in that both are heirs of the grace of life." And St. Paul, while enjoining subjection up on her, speaks of the especial blessedness vouchsafed her in being the appointed entrance of the Saviour into the world. " Adam was first formed then Eve ; and Adam was not deceived, but the woman being' deceived was in the transgression." But, " notwith standing, she will be saved through the child- bear ing," that is, through the birth of Christ from Mary, which was' a blessing, as iipon all mankind, so pecu liarly upon the woman. Accordingly, from that time, marriage bas not only bpen restored to its original dignity, but even gifted with a spiritual privilege, as the outward symbol of the heavenly union subsisting betwixt Christ and his Church. Thus has the blessed Virgin, in bearing our' Lord taken; off or lightened the peculiar disgrace which the woman inherited for seducing Adam,- sanctifyiug the one part of it, repealing the other. But who cart estimate her own exceeding blessed ness P the holiness and perfection of her, who was chosen to be the mother of Christ P This contem plation runs to a higher subject, did we dare fo low it for what must have been the sanctified state of that human nature, oi which God formed his sinless Son P After dwelling on such thoughts as these we are surprised on turning to the Gospel to find how little is there told us of the blessed Virgin .- but i n this very silence too we may gain instruction. r 1. It suggests to us that Scripture was written not to exalt this or that particular Saint, but to give glory to Almighty God. There have been thousands pf holy souls in the times of which the Bible-history treats, whom we know nothing of because their lives did not fall upon the line of God's public dealings with man. In scripture we read, not of all the good menwho ever were, only of a few, viz : those in whom God's name was especially honoured. Doubt less there have been many widows in Israel, serving God in fastings and prayers, like Anna ; but she is only-mentioned in. Scripture as being in a situation to glorify the Lord Jesus. She spoke of the infant Saviour " to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem." Nay, for what we know, faith like Abraham's and zeal like David's, have burned in the breasts of thousands hose-names have no memorial .- because, (I say,) Scripture is: written to show us the course of God's great and marvellous providence, and we hear of those Saints only who were the in struments of His purposes, as either introducing or preaching His Son, Christ's favoured apostle was St. John, his personal friend; yet how Tittle do we know of St John, compared with St. Paul ; — and why ? because St. Paul was the more illustrious pro pagator and dispenser of his truth. As St. Paul himself said, that he " knew no man after the flesh," so his Saviour, with somewhat a similar meaning, has hid from us the knowledge of liis more sacrod and familiar feelings. His feelings towards his mother and his friend. These were not to be ex posed. as unfit for the world to know, as dangerous, because not admitting ot being known, without a riffk lest the honour which those Saints received through grace, should eclipse in our minds, the honour of him who honoured them. Had the blessed and holy Virgin been more fully disclosed to us in the heavenly beauty, and sweetness of the spirit within her, true, she would have been honoured, her gifts would have been clearly seen ; but at the same time the giver would have been somewhat less con- emplated, because no design or work of his would have been disclosed in her history. She would have seemingly been introduced for her sake, not for his sake. When a Sa:nt is seen wo; king towards an end appointed by God, we see him to be a mere instru ment, a servant, though a favoured one ; and though we admire him. vet. after all. we Erlorifv God in him.- We pass on from him to the work to which h<? ministers. But when any one is introduced, full of gifts, yet without visible and immediate subserviency to God's designs, such a one seems revealed for his own sake. We should rest, perchance, in the thought of him, and think of the creature more than the creator. Then it is a dangerous thing, it is too high a privilege for sinners, like oursetves, to know the best and innermost thoughts of God's servants. We cannot bear to see such men in their own. place, in the retirement of private life, and the calmness, of hope and joy. The higher their gifts, the less fitted they are for being seen. Even St. John the apostle was twice tempted to fall down in' worship before an Angel who showed him the things to come. And if he who had seen the Son of God was thus overcome by the creature, how is it possible we could bear to gaze upon the creatures holiness in its fulness, especially as we should be more able to enter into it, and estimate it than to comprehend the infinite per fections of the Eternal Godhead P Therefore, many truths are, like the " things which the seven thunders -uttered " sealed up from us. In particular it is in mercy to us that so little is revealed about the blpssed Virgin, in mercy to our weakness; though of her there are " many things to say," yet they are " hard to be urered, seeing we are dull of hearing." 2\. But, further, the more we consider who St. Mary was, the more dangerous will such knowledge of her appear to be. Other .Saints are but influenced or inspired by Christ, and made partakers of him mystically. But, as to St. Mary, Christ derived his manhood from her, and so had an especial unity of nature with her ; and this wondrous relationship be tween God and man, it is perhaps impossible for ns to dwell much upon without some perversion of feelr ing. For truly she is raised above the condition of sinful beings, though by nature a sinner she is brough tnear to God, yet is but a creature ; and seems to lack her fitting place in our limited understand ings, neither too high nor too low. We cannot com bine in our thought of her. all we should ascribe with all we should withhold. Hence following . the exam- ple of Scripture, we had better only think of her, with and fpr her Hon, never separating her from him, but using hex name as a memorial of his great conde scension in stooping from heaven, and " not abhor ring the Virgin's- womb." And this is the rule of our own Church, wh;ch has set apart only such Festivals in honour of the blessed Mary, as may also be festivals in honour of our Lord ; the purification commemorating his presentation in the Temple, »nd the Annunciation commemorating his incarnation. And with this caution the thought of her . may be made most profitable to our faith , for nothing is so calculated to impress on our minds that Christ is really partaker of our nature, and in all respects man, save sin only, as to associate him with the thought of her, by whose ministration he became our brother. We gain this lesson for ourselves from the history otthe Blessed Virgin ; that the highest graces of the soul may be matured, and without those fierce trials to which the many are. exposed, in order to their sanctification. So hard are our hearts, that affliction, pain, and anxiety are sent to humble us, and dispose, us towards a true faith in the heavenly word, when preached to us. Yet it is only our extreme obstinacy of unbelief which renders this chastisement necessary. The aids which God gives under the Gospel covenant have power to renew and purify our hearts, without uncommon providences to discipline us into receiving them. God gives his Holy Spirit to us silently ; and the silent duties of every day, (it/ may be humbly hoped,) are blest to the sufficient sanctification of thousands, whom the world knows not of. The blessed Virgin is a memorial of this ; and it is con soling as well as instructive to know it. When we quench the grace of Baptism, then it is that we need , severe trials to restore us. This is the case of the multitude, whose best estate is that of chastisement, repentance, supplication, and absolution, again and. again. But, there are those who go on in a calm and unswerving course, learning day by day to love him who has redeemed them, and overcoming the sin of their nature by his heavenly grace, as the various temptations to evil successively present themselves. And of these undefiled followers of the Lamb, the blessed Mary is the chief. Strong in the Lord and in the power of his might, she "staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief;" she believed, when Zacharias doubted, with a faith like Abraham's she believed, and was blessed for her belief, and had the performance of those things which were told her by the Lord. And when sorrow came upon her afterwards, it was but the blessed participation of tier Son's sacred sorrow, not the sorrow of those who suffer for their sins. If we, through God's unspeakable gift, have in any measure followed. Mary's innocence in our youth, so far let us bless him who enabled us ; but so far as we are conscious of having departed from Him, let us bewail our miserable guilt ; let us acknowledge from the heart- that no punishment is- too severe for us j no chastisement should be unwelcome, (though it is a sore thing to learn to welcome pain,) if it- tend to burn away the corruption which has propagated itself' within us. Let us count all tilings as gain, which 6 God sends to cleanse away the marks ofsin and shame i which are upon our foreheads. The day wi 1 come at H length, when our Lord and Saviour will unveil that sacred countenance to. the whole world, which no sin- ner ever yet could see and live. Then will the world be forced to look upon him whom they .pierced with their unrepented wickedness ; " all faces will gather blackness." Then they will distfern what they do not now believe — the utter deformity of sin ; while the Saints of the Lord, who seemed on earth to bear but the" countenance of common men, will wake un. one by one after his likeness, and be fearful to look upon. And then will be fulfilled the promise pledged "to the Church on the Mount of Transfiguration. It .will be " good " to be with those whose tabernacles might have been a snare to us on earth, had we been aliowed to build them. We shall see our Lord and his blessed mother, the Apostles and Prophets, and all those righteous men whwtn we now read of in his tory and long to know. Then we shall be taught in those mysteries which are now above us. In the words of the Apostle. " Beloved, now are we the Sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is; and every man that hath this hope in him, puiifieth himself even as ne is pure. NEWMAN. 