HOBART TOWNS APRIL 2,1844. Let it be impressed upon your minds let it be instilled into your children that the Liberty of the Press is the Palladium of all your Civil, Political, and Religious Rights. JUNIUS. It is almost impossible to conceive, that after the repeated proofs of folly in its worst aspect, exhibited by mankind with reference to religious information in past ages, a nation I rightly assuming the highest standard of in^lliiTC-~» -"JJ «^..l¿~nK moral the, moral of divine instruction to be so abused, as in a considerable degree to defeat its own purpose. In our last, we endeavoured to show this as respects the churches of England and Ireland, especially the latter, being as we conceive, the principal cause of the present unhappy excitement existing and enormous expense incurred, in that unjustly treated island. Is it not monstrous that the public revenue of the nation is so wasted and abused-a church consisting of half a million of hearers to require nearly £1,500,000 to pay for her clerical instruction, and that payment so un- equally and shamefully applied, that it is impossible to look at it without pain. This disgraceful waste of the national funds, to support the instructors of religion, is not confined to the Church of Ireland-the evil, although not so mischievously rampant as in Ireland, exists to an alarming extent in England also, which we will now endeavour to show. Church patronage has become so barefaced and shameless, that ere long every member belonging to any of the national churches in the United Kingdom who possesses a spark of honest religious feeling and principle, will fly from their unhallowed influence. Preferment in the Church of England is as regular a subject of sale, as Commissions in the Army during the reign of Mary Ann Clarke of notorious memory; hence the door of the church is open to all who possess a golden key. In short, spiritual preferment is sold as-openly has offices in the East Indies ; not unfrequently has the cure of souls been brought under the auctioneer's hammer. Church patronage is dealt with as a mere commodity, and the produce of tithes and glebe, instead of being employed as the reward of religious zeal and service, is purchased like a life annuity as a provision for families ; and such abuses will I continue while the law tolerates the sale of Advowsons. The patronage of the English Church is vested in the Crown, Bishops, Deans, and Chapters, universities, collegiate establishments, aristocracy and gentry. The Lord Chancellor presents to all the livings in the Queen's book under £20, which are about 780 ; he also presents to six prebend stalls in Bristol Cathedral, and to five in each of the cathedrals of Gloucester, Norwich, and Rochester, the Ministry present to the remaining patronage of the Crown. Upwards of 1500 church preferments are in the gift of the Bishops ; more than COO in the gift of the two Universities; 57 in the colleges of Eton and Winchester ; about 1000 in the gift of cathedrals and collegiate establishments ; 700 in the Dean and Chapter of Westminster alone, and the remainder in the aristocracy and gentry. The population returns of 1831, make the number of parishes and parochial chapels in England and Wales 10,674, which divided into rectories and vicarage exhibits the following classification : by the gift of Roctories. Vicarages. The Crown 558. 490 Bishops 592. 709 Deans and Chapters. 190. 792 University of Oxford 202. 112 "v Cambridge. 152. 131 Collegiate Establishments 39. 107 Private Individuals.3,444.3175 There are besides 649 chapels, not parochial, making the total number of benefices in England and Wales 11,342. The entire patronage of the Church may however to a certain extent be said to be vested in the Crown ; no one is eligible for church preferment but through the bishops, and the bishops are all appointed by the Crown, which has therefore a veto on all ecclesiastical appointments, except advowsons. Spiritual preferments, besides being sold for money, are often devoted to political purposes, and the pampering of noble families. Political devotion is also a sure path to spiritual preferment. An eminent writer says, " In the ordina- tion of a bishop, he is said to be entrusted with the office for the glory of God, and the edification of the christian flock ,' he is particularly enjoined not to be covetous,' ' not greedy of filthy lucre; and he promises to be faithful and sincere in every branch of his duty.' " How far the English and Irish bishops have observed their ordination vows in this respect is now our object of enquiry, and we may begin with Bishop Sparke, of Ely, whose annual income, exclusive of patronage, seven years ago, was £27,742. £5 His eldest son, the Rev. John Sparke, is Pretend in the Cathedral of Ely 400 Examining Chaplain to the Bishop ... 100 Registrar in the Diocese . 300 Lay Rector of Littlebury. 303 Chief Steward of several manors. 200 Rector of Lcveringlmrgh, with the Cha perry of Parson Drove . 500 1803 The Bishop's son-in-law, Rev. Edward Fardell, a Pretend Stall in the Cathedral of Ely. 400 Rootory of Bexwell . 300 of St. Mary. 400 of St. Nicholas. 600 Vicarage of Wales beach. 400 2100 Other prelates seem also to agree with Lord Plunkett and Sir R. Inglis in consider- ing the revenues of the Church, as common or v private property. The late Archbishop Sutton is an eminent proof of the perversion of church patronage. The Suttons, who still remain in the Church are numerous ; among seven of them are shared sixteen vicarages, rectories and chapelries, besides preacher ships, and dignities in cathedrals. Of eleven daughters, several had the prudence to marry men in holy orders, who soon became amply endowed Hugh Percy, son of the Earl of Beverly, married one daughter, and in the course of a few years was portioned off with eight different preferments, estimated to be worth £10,000 a year. This fortunate son-in-law, we believe, is now Bishop of Carlisle, to which he was translated from Rochester. According to law, he ought to have resigned all the posts he held on being promoted to a bishopric; but somehow he has been enabled to retain several of them. The Reverend James Croft married another daughter, and has been equally amply provided for. A sister married the Rev. Richard Lockwood, who was presented in one year with three vicarages. We have not room to enter into further particulars, as respects the other branches of the family, direct and collateral, of this reverend divine. The late Bishop of Winchester is another instance of using the church revenue for the aggrandise- ment of his family. This-prelate held the see of (Lincoln, and clmngedliii/name from large estate and title left him by a relative. His three sons possess amongst them thirteen chancellorship prebendaries, rectories, vicarage, and canaries. The Summers are also growing rather numerous in the Church Red Book, but they are too recently planted to spread their roots wide and deep in the Lord's vineyard. In the disposal of parochial patronage there is the same abuse and monopoly as in the higher departments of the Church-the most valuable benefices and living fall into the hands of those whose chief claims are their families and connexions. We could illustrate this point, if our space would admit, which we regret, because it would more clearly show to our readers the shameless capacity that directs the disposal of the re- venues of this State Church-a most complete confirmation of the divine remark, "It is not me ye seek, but the loaves and fishes." In order to cover as far as possible the enormous expenditure of the Church of England, there are these who venture to assert that there are 18,000 clergymen in the Establishment to be provided for. Those who have attempted this clerical census must have included the parish clerks, sexton, and grave- diggers. The Church, both in England and elsewhere, is never at a loss in the trade of numerical. But by the works of several eminent writers, which we have good reason to conclude to be correct, we find the number of prelates, dignitaries, rectors, vicars, and curates in England and Wales to be 7694, and the stations are as follow : -sees, 26 ; chancellorships, 26 ; deaneries, 28 ; archdeaconries, 61; prebends and canon rises, 514 ; minor canonries, priest vicars, vicars choral, 330 ; rectories, vicarages, and chapelries, 11,342. Thus, then, there are 12,327 places of preferment divided amongst 7694 individuals-a little less than two to each. The Ecclesiastical Dictionary shows that 7191 individuals enjoy 11,342 livings, according to the following scale : Individuals. Livings held by each. Total. 1.11. li 1.8. 8 5\. 7. 15 12\. 6. 72 64\. 5. 320 209\. 4. 636 557\. 3. 1,701 2,027. 2. 4,054 4,305. 1. 4,305 7,191 11,342 A certain writer states that " sinecures abounds more in the Church than in the civil establishment. In the former almost everything is done by deputy, which results from her excessive wealth for when large salaries are annexed, great duties are seldom discharged. Hence those who enjoy large incomes do not require to burthen themselves with official toil. First, they can afford to employ a deputy ; next, they can purchase, or otherwise influence, the con- advance of others to the neglect of their own duties. Thus they are enabled to indulge in recreation and pleasures which consume too much time, to properly prepare for the performance of the serious duties of religion. Hence has arisen sinecures in both Church and State, presenting the disgraceful spectacle of one class receiving the emoluments, and another, less fortunate, performing the work for which the pay is received. The curates and a few benefited clergy are the only portion of the Establishment who reside in and do the duty of their parishes, the remainder being clerical sinecurists, filled with the Holy Ghost, who share in the loaves and fishes." The duties of these dignitaries cannot be very onerous. Mr. Gordon, in the debate on the Curate Salary Bill in 1837, said, he knew a clergyman who was dignitary in six cathedrals. Were there any duties to per- form ? How could a man perform so many different duties in so many different places, perhaps at the distance of a hundred miles from each other. The curse of sinecures appears to have existed in the Church as early as the time of Henry VIII. Archbishop Cranmer, in a letter to Cromwell, denounced the canons and prebendaries as a " superfluous condition." He said a pre- boundary was not a learner not a teacher, but a " good wander." If they were a superfluous condition under a Popish regime, they must be more so under a Protestant Establishment. Coventry, on the revenues of the Church, says, " from the tenure of charitable endow- ments the clergy have almost entire possession of this immense fund, which Lord Brougham estimated at two millions a-year. in England and Wales, according to the returns under the Gilbert Act, there are 3898 school charities, of which the clergy enjoy the exclusive emolument, and in the remaining charities they largely participate as trustees, or in other capacities. Three fourths at least of charitable property have been placed at the mercy of ecclesiastics and from the inquiries recently made into charitable foundations, the worst abuses have been discovered under their management. The school of Rockingham in Yorkshire is a flagrant instance, in which a member of the Church was receiving a snug income of £900 a-year for teaching one scholar. [This beats the Gell job hollow : here we had at least two boys taught for £1000 a-year."] The funds of the Mere and Spitals charities, and the Grammar Schools in almost every town, have become mere sinecures, seldom having more than two or three foundation scholars in each, and the buildings piously intended for the gratuitous instruction of the children of the poor, have been perverted into boarding and day schools for the emolument of their clerical masters. Bristol, Bath, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Ripon, and Preston, are striking examples of this sort of perversion." The neglect with which the Episcopal clergy treated the public schools of this colony, during the fifteen years they had the entire control, can be no longer matter of surprise. If they had succeeded in their late attempt to obtain re- possession of the management and the funds, the community might bid farewell to public education. Our space compels us to proceed no farther this week, We trust we shall be able to conclude our inquiry into this rotten branch of the national policy in our next. THE extraordinary depression that has taken place in the value of the productions of the colony, has occasioned a despondency in the minds of -.tlieprodücors.of a serious nature, and unless the ¿ROVcraVpuulic deportment of the colonial opens ??? ? - --was-" . each other, the discussion has not reached its climax. The distress, however, has not been so rapid nor disastrous that by prudent conduct it may not be conquered, and, perhaps, made subservient to good. We are not alone in our sufferings, nor is the distress confined to one or two or all the colonies, but appears to have spread its desolating influence over the whole civilized world, and our native country being the most enterprising nation and her operations more extensive, has suffered to a greater extent ; the result of which is, that every nation and people being in monetary confusion there is no confidence in business so that unemployed capital has become so abundant that interest has fallen to a nominal value. in proportion to our capital and operations, we shall shortly be placed in similar circumstances ; but for the ignorance and imbecility of the late Government, and the avarice of our banking establishments, much of the evil of our present distress might have been prevented; had the Government however known its duty and been firm, we have reason to believe the Banks would have been no obstacle, but the Franklin let alone system being permitted to take its swing, we have now realised the benefit what is it That confidence has fled-man will not trust his fellow, and enterprise is consequently very much crippled and in order to complete the catastrophe, the legal profession has been let loose to the ruin of the debtor, the disappointment of the creditor, and the injury of the colony; in short, to the loss of all parties but themselves, for it is to be regretted that a great proportion of that class are somewhat infected with the disposition of the fox in the division of the cheese between the cats. The progress of the disaster became so alarming, that the Banks were compelled to reduce their operations so low that the principal part of their business is that of renewing bp's with a gradual reduction on each renewal ; those that did not do so, sent them to the clip-purse and hookers, who of course in obedience to their orders, (for that class are never at a loss for orders,) considerably added to the income of the Commis- sioner. of Insolvency. We are, however, in candour bound to state, that a great majority of the Banks acted more liberally, and we think we may add, beneficially to their own interest ; but there are those whose spots cannot be changed. Well, the let-alone system has been continued, and now the Banks have all their capital in their strong boxes, and we are informed about £300 000 of deposits lying idle ; if they continue to pay interest on this, what will be the dividend at the end of the half-year? This is, however, neither new or surprising to us, and our readers will do us the justice to admit, that more than two years ago we warned all parties against the present result. Looking, then, at our position, we ask what is the colony to do ? How is she to be recovered? These are doubtless questions of great import, and require some deliberation from persons of greater wisdom and experience than we pretend to. Still, how ever, in such a dilemma we will hazard an opinion. We will premise that neither apathy, nor despondency, nor folding of the arms, will mend the matter. The wounds are sore and festering and if we would have them cured, we must be up and doing. Every wound must be cleansed and dressed carefully. We have mentioned apathy, because our experience in the colony has convinced us that it has been a predominating feeling in the community. But for this curse, Sir John Franklin would not have been permitted to ruin the colony us he did for if his conduct had been intelligently and energetically represented in the proper quarter, he would have been much sooner relieved from his rule. We are, however, not without hope that past errors will have proper effect, and that apathy and mary will shortly be banished from our shores. Political economy demands that all the branches of industry shall work harmoniously together, so that no branch shall impede the progress of another. We ask is this the case here ? We think not, and it is necessary that the error we are about to point out be corrected without delay. Public labour and the value of its production must be in just proportion to each other in order to proceed beneficially. In Britain a ploughman's wages is £7 a-year, and a good female servant £4 the very best £5 a-year, and each of them in their place is at least worth two in this colony. The price of wheat there is from 5s. to 7s. per bushel ; it is here from 3s. to 4s. : therefore the standard value on the public labour is not in proportion to the value of its production. When Sir John Franklin fixed the standard value of convict labour at £9 (and in order to prove his gallantry he fixed the male and female at the same value), colonial produce was above 100 per cent higher than it is now. Wheat was 7s. ? malting barley 5s. per bushel, potatoes £8 to £10, and hay £7 to £8 per ton. Wheat is now 3s. 9d., barley 3s. 6d. per bushel, hay 50s., and potatoes 60s. per ton. Sir Eardley Wilmot is an agriculturist of the first order; he will see this, and will no doubt be ready to correct it is but it is the duty of the community, for they are all interested, to take steps to prove to his Excellency that they see it also, and ask him to have this discrepancy corrected without delay, under the penalty of having the princes and lords of wastes and deserts greatly increased on his hand. In our last we stated that the Governor is the mere Subaltern of Colonel Stanley, or any other Colonel who may be appointed in his place ; but although his Excellency is so restricted, the detail must be left in a great measure to his own judgment. The restriction, however, is principally with reference to the prisoner population, therefore we have no doubt he will meet any just demand made by the free community, especially those on the part of the agricultural interest, being as much for the benefit of the Government as for the colony. Let us now return to the general state of the colony, which we take the liberty of stating has been recovering for the last year. It may appear a paradox, yet not the less true, that the cheaper our produce, provided labor is at a produceable price, the more prosperous the colony. Let us explain this. Unless we can export to a value beyond our imports, we shall never be truly prosperous, and unless we can produce at a value which will enable our mercantile interest to compete successfully in foreign markets, we shall fail. We have not yet done so, and hence our annual decline and if the Government convict expenditure had not made up the deficiency, we had long ere now, as a colony, been compelled to declare ourselves insolvent. We speak not here of individuals, we speak generally, and we speak confidently. The additional numbers and skill engaged now in agriculture in this colony, if fairly treated, are capable of raising five or six times the quantity of grain and other produce consumable in the colony. Hence the imperative necessity of enabling them to do so at a price which will from self interest impel exportation and even now it is surprising that a greater spirit of enterprise is not manifested in sending wheat or flour to the Cape of Good Hope, where it is ascertained that the locusts have committed great devastation. In the department of exportation, hitherto so limited in the colony, accurate information is doubtless also limited ; but this difficulty will soon be overcome, as the mercantile interest is generally as inquisitive as it is enterprising. The improvement to which we refer arises from several causes First, the additional Government expenditure, which may be safely stated at £1000 a day and second, the reduction of importation and consumption of luxuries, which was formerly carried on far beyond our Ln>eaa*iW-'lt«'-^ wr.,-"-,» '. ,,,-.,,..,» (..... set-in proof of our assertion, we refer to the ] fact that Commissary M'Lean, some years ago, I was receiving five per cent, for treasury bills, such was the demand for them on the sailing of every ship to England. Now, treasury bills are at a discount 1 Our second proof is, that formerly the Government had large balances in the difference banks ; now his Excellency is obliged to borrow from' these banks, to carry on his Government. These are incontrovertible proofs of the improvement of the colony, and as soon as the machinery of political economy is put in proper workable order, CONFIDENCE will again take up her abode amongst us ; then will the colony enjoy the comforts flowing from the prudence and caution of dear-bought experience. WE have been favoured by a correspondent with the following report of the trial of the four Port Arthur runaways, which had caused great excitement in that part of the colony where the capture took place. The brave and meritorious conduct of the constables on this occasion can- not be too highly rewarded by the Government. SUPREME COURT OATLANDS CIRCUIT. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 26. His Honor Mr. Justice Montagu took his seat at ten o'clock, when Alexander Reid, Martin Cope, James Prendergrass, and John Reubin, were placed at the bar, and charged with having on the 25th January last, feloniously shot at Henry Murray, a constable of the Hobart Town police, with intent to kill ; the second count charged them with intent to do some grievous bodily harm. They severally pleaded Not Guilty. The Attorney-General opened the case by briefly commenting on the enormity of the offence, and the prevalence which bushranging had become of late, and concluded with observing that they were four of the party who had surprised Mount Communication. Samuel Kilbourne was servant to Mr. Allan in January last ; I saw the prisoners at the bar at my master's house on the day in question ; they forced me to accompany them to Mr. Ferguson's house ; Reubin and Reid both fired at the constables ; when Reid fired he said, " there is one wounded, his arm is broken ;" they challenged the constables to fight them a tree fight ; my life was in danger from the shots from the police outside ; they eventually surrendered to the constables. Mr. Joseph Allan The prisoners were at my house on the day in question, and robbed me of several articles of value ; they pressed one of my men named Samuel Kilburn to carry their provisions ; I reported the circumstance to the police. Mr. John Ferguson's reside at Rose Cottage on the afternoon of the 25th January last, the prisoners came to my house, and stated they were constables looking after bushrangers ; they asked me to allow them to have some tea made, they having tea of their own ; they asked me if I had seen any bushrangers that way : sometime afterwards one of my men came in and said *' here are some more of your party, (meaning constables) coming up ;" they immediately flew to their arms ; several shots were fired from the outside, and two from the inside ; Reubin fired one shot and Reid the other ; when Reid had fired he got down from the hole in the thatch, and said, there is one wounded in the arm ; it was a single-barrelled gun he fired out of they then sat down in the middle of the hut ; Reid took a dead level three times, the two first he said " I have got a man covered from the hip upwards in" the third time he fired I heard a voice call on the bushrangers to come out and fight ; Reid answered " come up ;" I asked Reid to have mercy on his fellow-man, and not to fire ; he did fire, there were several shots fired from the outside into my place ; they sat down and ordered their pipes to be filled and some tea to be made ; Cope counted how many , rounds they could fire without loading ; I do not recollect hearing the constables use any threats ; I asked them if they had committed any murders I they said no ; I asked them not to shoot any one outside of my house ; they then reasoned together i and at last consented to give up their arms ; I took them and handed them to the police ; I tied , their hands, and the police came up and handcuffed them. Cross-examined by Cope-When the constables first came up I heard them say " come out, come out ;" I think I heard them call you by name ; you could have shot Mr. Duffy ; Reubin, Reid, and Prendergrass were the men who presented their pieces at Mr. Duffy, and then desisted, on my begging of them not to fire ; you said, " lay down Sir. Ferguson, and take care of yourself; when the constables arrived at my place, they asked who was in my house one of my men replied, " some of your constables ;" they retreated immediately to some short distance. Cross-examined by Reubin Reid said he had one man covered from the hip upwards ; thirty yards was the distance the constables were when Reid fired ; Reid asked the constables to come up and fight, I consider the constables men of courage, and solely intended to capture you if possible, and that is what they meant when they said " come out, come out ;" plenty of shots came through the window, and some of the glass struck you in the face (His Honor highly complimented this witness for the manner in which he gave his testimony ; he said, "it is the best, the most kind, and humane evidence I have ever heard since I have had the honor of being a Judge.) Henry Murray I am a constable of the Hobart Town police on the 25th January last I was with constables Spicer, Gough, and Berkins, when we heard of the robbery at Mr. Allan's ; we went to Mr. Ferguson's, having tracked the same four men to his residence across a very difficult line of country on our arrival a man told us there were constables in the house, which we knew to be false ; we then surrounded the house at about thirty paces distance ; there was no shelter for us ; I saw Reid pop his head outside ; the door : I know him he was a bushranger ; constable Gough recognised Cope, and said so to me ; constable Spicer called on them to come out, when they answered, "they would see us did first t" Spicer fired the first shot ; two shots were fired from the inside ; the first wounded me in my right arm, while I was in the act of putting a cap on my gun ; I was about thirty yards distant when I was wounded ; I then proceeded to Mr. Duffy, and got my arm dressed; the prisoners at the bar are the men who were in the hut on the day in question, and who were captured by myself and party. Cross-examined by Cope-We were all together when you said come up ; Gough knew you. Cross-examined by Reubens knew Reid ; I pulled my trigger three times at Reid, and him only; I never knew which of you fired at me; I never told Gough I thought it was one of my own party who wounded me. John Gough's am a constable of the Hobart Town Police ; I was at Mr. Ferguson's on the 25th January last ; I recognised Cope, who came outside ; I desired him to stand ; I knew him to be illegally at large under arms ; I could not get my piece to my shoulder before he retreated into the house, on account of taking off my knapsack ; they were asked to come out like men ; they said go and tree yourselves, and we will come out and fight you ; I said to Murray, I see Cope ; I was ten or fifteen paces from Murray when he was wounded in his right arm; I heard two shots fired from the house. Cope and Reubin cross-examined this witness, but was all irrelevant to the point at issue. Constable Spicer, who had charge of the party, recapitulated the whole of the above in a very praiseworthy manner and this closed the case for the prosecution. Reid and Prendergrast said nothing in their defence ; Cope and Reubin made some remarks in very strong terms on the treatment they had received at Port Arthur, calling Captain Booth the king of all tyrants and said when they absconded, it was not to commit murder, or shoot any one, but merely to obtain their liberty. His Honor then addressed the jury in his usual careful manner, and laid down the law of the case, and concluded with leaving it to the jury to say whether they were guilty or not guilty. The jury consulted for a few moments, and found all the prisoners Guilty. His Honor then passed upon them the sentence of death for a very impressive and affecting manner, And desired them to prepare for death, as they '(might rest assured their lives could not be spared. -gtar.,wA removed to the race and as Henbitt I ! reached the outside of the door, he said it was only a jump, and on getting his irons on, he said they should never come off again while he had life. 