THE GRACE OF CHRIST ALONE. " By grace are ye saved through faith," says scripture, " and not by yourselves, it is the gift of God ; not of works, lest any man should boast" (Eph. [?]i. 8). Evangelical Christianity not only seeks salvation in Christ, but seeks in Christ alone, thus excluding as a cause of salvation, every work of self, all merit, all co-operation of man, or of the Church. There is nothing, absolutely nothing, upon which we can build the hope of salvation, but the " free grace and gift of God," which is given us in Christ, and made ours by faith. But this second great fundamental principle of evangelical Christianity is equally with the first, overturned with modem ecclesiastical Catholicism. In Tract No. 90, which I now have in my hand, there is an attempt to ex- plain the confession of faith of the Church of England in a papistical sense. Article II of this confession says— " That we are justified by faith only is a most wholesome doctrine." Listen to the commentary of the new Oxford school :— " An assent to the doctrine that faith alone justifies dues not at all preclude the doctrine of works justify- ing it also. If, indeed, it were said that works justify in the same sense as faith alone justifies, this would be a contradiction in terms; but faith only may justify in one sense, good works in another ; and this is all that is here maintained, as then Christ justifies in the sense in which he justifies alone, yet faith also justifies in his own sense ; so works whether mortal, or ritual, may justify in their own respective senses." " There are," says the British Critic, " catholic truths which are printed on the surface of Scripture, as well as en- veloped in its profound sense ; such is the doctrine of justification by works." " The preaching of justification by faith," says another disciple of this school, "ought to be addressed to the heathen by the propagators of Chris- tianity ; its promoters ought to preach to its baptized justification by works." Works—yes ; but justification by them —never; justification is not, according to these theologians, that judicial act by which God, because of the exipa- tory death of Christ ; declares us to be accounted righteous ; by them as by Rome it is confounded with the work of the Holy Spirit. " Justification," says another of their leading writers, " is a continual work ; it must be the spirits work, not Christ's." " The distinction between deliverance from guilt and the deliverance from sin is not spiritual." The British Critic denoun- ces the system of justification by grace through faith as " radically and fun- damentally monstrous, immoral, hereti- cal, and artichristian." " The pre- vailing notion," they say again, " of bringing forward the atonement ex- plicitly and prominently on all occa- sions is evidently quite opposed to what we consider as the teaching of Scrip- ture." And they condemn those who make " justification in act by which the soul reposes on the merits of Christ alone." I am aware that the Oxford Tracta- rians profess to have found a term mid- way: between the evangelical and the Romish doctrine. " It is not," they say, " sanctification which justifies us, but the presence of God within us, from this the sanctification proceeds. Our justification is the possession of his presence." Still, the doctrine of Ox- ford is fundamentally the same as that of Rome. The Bible tells us of two great works of Christ—Christ for us and Christ in us. By which of these two works are we justified ? The Church of Christ answers, by the first ; Rome and Oxford answered, by the second. In saying this, all is said. And these Tractarians make no secret of it. They tell us that this is the system against which we struggle. They say that it is against the Belief that when the sinner " has by faith laid hold of the saving merits of Christ his sins are done away, and covered ; they can appear no more ; the handwriting is blotted out he has no more to do with them than to thank Christ that he has been delivered from them." " My lord," writes Dr. Pusey to the Bishop of Oxford, " it was against the system that I spoke !" Oh, stop ! Gainsay not these glad tidings, which have been and shall be to all ages the sinners only comfort. My friends, if the effect of the first principles of this new school is to rob the Church of all right, the result of the second principle is to rob it of all salvation. " If righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain. Oh, foolish Galatians, who had bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth. Received ye the spirit by the works of the law or by the hear- ing of faith?" It has been felt by eminently pious souls to be the very spring of the Chris- tian life, the very foundation of the Church, which is thus attacked. "There is reason," says the excellent Bishop of Winchester, who, as well as some other bishops, and especially those of Chester and Calcutta, has raised hie voice against these errors ; there is rea- son for fearing injury to the distinctive principles of our Church, if a cloud raised again around the great doctrine which involves the mode in which we are ' accounted righteous before God ;' if it be even called in question whether ' the protestant doctrine of justification' be ' a fundamental of faith ;' if, instead of the satisfaction of Christ, singly and alone, as the ground of acceptance, a certain inherent meetness of sanctifica- tion be connected with the qualification, as to confound the operation within the work of Christ without." The Oxford school maintains, with Rome and the Council of Trent, "that justi- fication is the habitation of us in God the Father, and the word incarnate through the Holy Ghost," and that the two acts distinguished by the Bible and by our theologians form in truth only one. How so ? 1st. God grants the sinner the re- mission of the punishment of his sins ; he absolves him — he pardons him. 2dly. He delivers him from sin; he renews him ; he sanctities him. Are not these distinct things ? Would the pardon of sin by God be nothing of itself ? Would it be only a form of sanctification ? Or would it be said that the pardon which comes by faith, and which produces in the heart the same reconciliation, adop- tion, and peace, is something too exter- nal by far to be taken into account." " The Lutheran system," says the British Critic, " is immoral, because it distinguishes these two works." Doubt- less it distinguishes them, but it does not sever them. " The end for which we are justified, writes Melancthon, in his defence of the confession of Augs- burgh is, " that as righteous we may do righteously, and begin to obey the law of God ; the end for which we are born again, and receive the holy spirit, is that the new life in us may produce new works and new affections. How often has the reformation de- clared that the justifying faith is not a knowledge, " historical, dead, vain," but a living agency, a willing, a receiv- ing, a work of the Holy Ghost, the true worship of God, obedience to God in the most critical of all moment. Yes, it is a living, efficacious faith which justifies. And this term, efficacious faith, which is found in all our con- fessions, is meant to declare that un- doubtedly faith alone is efficient in the work of justification ; that alone it un- doubtedly justifies, but that for that very reason it abides not alone—that is without its effects and its fruits. In this is the great difference between us and the Oxford school. We believe in sanctification by means of justification, but the Oxford school believe in sancti- fication by means of justification. Ac- cording to us, justification is the cause, and sanctification the effect. Accord- ing to them, on the contrary, sancti- fication is the cause, and justification the effect. There are no unimportant matters no vain distinctions. Here is the difference between yes and no. While our belief establishes in all their integrity these two works (justification and sanctification), the creed of Oxford comprises and destroys them both ; justification has no longer existance if it depends on man's sanctification, and not on God's grace—" for the heavens," says the Scripture, " are not clean in his sight" Job. xv. 15); and " he is of purer eyes than to behold evil'' (Heb. i. 13) ; and on the other hand, even sanctification cannot be accom- plished—for how can you expect the effect to follow, if you begin by removing the cause? It is herein that love consists, are the words of John, " not that we loved God, but that he loved us." " We love him because he first loved us" (1 John, iv, 10, 19). If I might venture to use homely a phrase, I should say that Oxford puts the cart before the horse, in putting sanctification before justification. In this way, neither the cart nor the horse goes forward. That the work may proceed, that which draws must be before that which it drawn. There is, then, no system more adverse than is this to real sanctification, and, to use the expression of the British Critic, no system is consequently more monstrous and immoral. What ! your justification is not to depend on the work which Christ finished on the cross but on that which is wrought in your heart ? It is not to Christ, to his grace that you must look for justification, but to yourselves—to the righteousness which is in you—to your spiritual gifts ! Two great evils will flow from this. Either you will deceive yourselves in the belief that there is in you a work fair enough to justify you before the throne of God ; and then you will be inflated with pride—with that " pride" which, says the Scripture, " goeth before de- struction ;" or possibly you will not be thus deluded ; you will see yourselves to be " poor, and miserable, and blind, and naked ;" and then you will fall into despair. The heights of pride, or the depths of despair, is the alternative given by the doctrine of Oxford and Rome. The Christian doctrine, on the contrary, puts man in a position of perfect humility, for it is by another that he is justified ; and yet it gives him perfect peace, for his justification, the fruit of " the righteousness of God" (2 Cor. v. 21), is complete, sure, eternal. Evangelical Christians of Geneva, of England, and of the world ! it is a far other pilgrimage that you have to make ; it is not to Rome that you have to journey, " to those seven mountains on which is seated the woman clothed in purple and scarlet, having in her hand a golden cup full of abominations" (Rev. xvii.), but it is to that " excellent and perfect tabernacle not made with hands" (Heb. ix.), to that throne of grace, where is to be obtained " grace to help in every time of need" (Heb. iv.) It is not on the neck of the man of sin that you have to throw yourselves, covering it with kisses and tears ; but it is on the neck of that Man or Righteous- ness, '' with whom Jacob wrestled be- fore the breaking of the day" (Gen. xxxii.) ; of Him " who is seated on the right hand of God in the heavenly places, far above all principality and power, and might and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come." (Eph i.) Oh! that the children of God, from east to west, would arouse themselves, that, reading aright the signs of the times, and foreseeing that, on the issue of the present struggles—so manifold, so various, so earnest—does the destiny of the Church indeed depend, that they would form a true brotherhood, a holy and mighty Catholicity, and would cry out with one heart and one soul, like Moses in the desert, at the setting for ward of the ark, " Rise up, Lord, and let thine enemies be scattered, and let them that hate thee flee befere thee !" An Address to the Professors and Students of the Theological School, Geneva: by the President , J. H. Merle D'Aubigne. Freemasonry.—A snuff-box, made from a piece of the timber of Betsy Cains, of the port of South Shields, by Brother G. F. Wilson, of that town, as a mark of respect to those initiated into the mysteries of the order. There is a deeper interest in the Betsy Cains than appears in the preceding extract. She was launched at Deptford in 1688, being built expressly to bring over William and Mary. She was then named St. Anna. She was sold out of the govern- ment service in the last war, employed in the merchant service, taken by the French, sold to the Prussians, and named by them Anna Wilhelmina. When hostilities were declared against Russia, she was detained under the Prussian flag at Plymouth, sold there in 1807, and was then named Betsy Cains. In 1816 she was resold to Bro. Wilson, and employed in the coal and butter trade, and unfortunately lost on Tyne- mouth Rocks, in February, 1827. Betsy Cains thus, after many changes of name and circumstances, lived to the age of 139 years, and her memory is thus recorded in a Masonic Lodge.— Freemasons' Quarterly Review. 