THE BISHOP OF LINCOLN'S CHARGE—THE "AUSTRALIAN." WE perceive in the Australian of the 2nd instant; another of those delicate morceaux which that polite journal serves up to the literary table of his readers. It would be no affair of ours, if he would not be spilling his gravy upon us. We do not want to interfere in his quarrels with Puseyism : but we think in fighting their duels, gentle men ought to go where their random shot could not strike their quiet neighbours, who have nothing to do in the affair. Have they no materials with which to fortify the citadel of their faith, without pulling down that of others?' It shows they are poor indeed in means and expedients of defence. The Australian reminds us of an Irish man at a country fair, who dragged his coat along the ground, and when some one asked him, what he we spoiling his gar ment for, replied, " Sure, ain't I thrying to see who will thread on it, until I knock him down." Such would seem to be the object of the Australian, in holding out such temptations to a skirmish. We are not disposed to wage theological battel at present, nor to thread on the coat which the Australian thus presents , so far as doc trine is concerned. We leave to the Bishop of Lincoln, the task of showing how the ancient fathers, the Reformers and framers of the Thirty-nine Articles, all conjointly set forth the doctrines of the Church of England; for we believe the Reformers and the ancient fathers are a little at logger heads: nor shall we ask the Right Rev. divine, whether he believes the 17th Article of his religion, and if he does, how his ministry or his " Charge" can have anything to do in the salvation of a man, who was "saved from before the foundations of the world, were laid :" nor how his miinistry or his " Charge" could' possibly avail a man, sentenced to reprobation by in inevitable decree, from all eternity.?-- Nor shall we puzzle him by asking, what .he means by. " REGENERATION through the death of 'our Sviour," and " JUSTIFICA- TIONN" which, (as Article 17. says,) PRE-, CEDED IT, EVEN FROM ETERNITY, or what is the difference between the two, so very different in the periods of their origin : nor shall we examine his contrast of the simplicity of the Protestant faith, with the bewildering mazes of ROMANISM. We shall not attempt to show, that if simplicity is the test of truth, the Quaker will beat him hollow, as the Deist will beat the Quaker; we shall not trouble his Lordship now, with requiring a definition of what the word Protestant means, it being an epithet built on negatives, but declares nothing : as Baudius says of Erasmus, magis habuit quod fugeret, quam quaod sequeretur, " it rather tells what to condemn than what to follow." Luther was a Protestant; Zuingle, whom he consigned to Satan, a Pro testant, too; the Presbyterian is a Pro- testant--the Episcopalian—the Arian—the Socinian—the Quaker. Bayle said he was a Protestant, as he protested against all religions. Protestantism is a net that catches a multitude of all sorts of fish but we let that pass. Neither shall we question the Bishop's condemnation, of absolution, although a Protestant friend told us, that very lately, he hedrd not only the power of absolution given, but even the HOLY GHOST transmitted at the same time to the recipient—and that here in Sydney: tnor shall we ask, if the Bishop of,Lincoln :ever declared that he infused that DIVINE SPIRIT himself, along with that power of absolution, which he here condemns ? We shall not even charge him with such incon sistency, nor ask him if it be right to equi vocate on so solemn a subject ? All this we let pass : as for the calling of nicknames too, such as PAPIST, ROMANIST, &c.; &c.;, this Billinsgate accomplishment is so inveterate in the habits of protestant theologians, that, like the sailors to whom a methodist preacher going to New York, promised money on his landing, if they would not swear diiririg "the voyage, but a gale coming on, it was found that neither officers nor crew could speak off-hand, without the usual oaths, and the preacher Bieing told of it by the Captain, he released them, saying " O sir, let them swear away, but save the ship!" So we may as well let protestant divines call us nicknames as they list; for otherwise they could never "save their ship"-they would be as tongue tied as the sailors. But they have a worse trick than calling names, i. e., fibbing. Where did his Lord ship find out our doctrine of " develope ment ?" We dare him to produce any such doctrine, or any such word, so applied in any one of our writers: nay, it is impos sible- they should, seeing, they one and all, and in every age have.declared, that " the faith once delivered to the Saints." was perfect, and could neither be added to, nor subtracted from, nor changed, in the most minute particular: and that when, by the' subtle inventions of the broachers of "newv and strange doctriie';" (for every seducer in. every age, said his doctrine had been tronmshe beginning, and that he only " re fo'rmed" the Church, and retrenched modern 'errors,) the Church, in adopting new 'erms, such as consubstantial, trinity, tran 's{bstantiation, &c.; meant nothing new in ?doctrine, but 'used these words, to declare *that was the old, in order to prevent eciuivocation, and the possibility of her ciildren'being deceived, by artfully devised forms of words. !' Another of these ecclesiastical 'yas of his Lordship of Lincoln, is his assertion.: " So elated indeed had the supporters of the Romish Church become with their sui-. iessi, that theyv declared the time to be not' far distant, ivhen that Church should be again received as the Established Church: df this country." ' :' i : SIt is really astonishing, that any nian'of dducation or knowledge; and stillmnore, that 'a dignitary-a Bishop, should put forth so audacious-so utterly unfoinded' 4 -lo bbsolutely'false an assertion; "rThby declared l". who are they? 'Who declared it ?. Where ? When ? We defy him to: show. any respectable Catholic, or body of ,cGatholics, who have " declared" any suchi thing. His Lordship makes this assertion ,in.the face 'of the empire, knowing a' he does, (or ought to know) that the whole body of the Irish Catholic Hierarchy and clergy, have universally declared that under no circumstances will they accept any pay ment, or any establishment from anyl govern ment; nor have any alliance, directly or iidirectly, with it, so as that 'they shall qpntrol it, or it thlem. Free they dre, and free they are determined to be l Too well has the page of history de monstrated the infinite evils arising to re ilgion in a nation which has an Established Church. What was the dause of the great, the lamentable Greek Schism ? Connexion with the State, and interference by princes and ministers with spiritual thinge: what the cause ofthe Anglican ? 'lhe great wealth and iridolence of the superior clergy, and fear of a cruel and rapacious King ? What gave infidelity in France the ascendant? 'The riches and pride of her superior clergy, and claims of the King totlhe nomination of bishops. Look at the evils of a Church Estab lishmentinSpain--ihPortugal. Look at the doings 'of Espartero, the tool of Eiglanid, lately, tearing (as far as ihe could,) the Church to pieces, on account of her weqltlh. How much happier for religion, had the Church of Spain beeni as poor. as her Irish sister I No, my Lord Bishop of Linicoln : no "supporter" or friend of the" Catholic Church ever wishes her to be the dominant Church in any part of the empire. All the dominion she desires, or wishes, is do minion over the hearts of men, so as that piety, religion, and all the christian virtues shall reign in their souls, and bring forth the fruits of charity, joy, peace; patience, benignity, gcodness, longanimity, mildnless, faith, modesty, continency, chastity, meek ness. This supremacy ,alone she values- this alone she seeks-this alone she loves for this alone she exists-this is tlhe end and aim and object of all her prayers-all het aspirations-all her labours I Another most curious avowal of his Lordship of Lincoln is, that "his Church is in danger :" and in danger from whom, gentle reader? From herself ! This would be incredible, but that it is actually put forth in print by his own press! We always thought that Christ having promised to abide with his Church for ever, and to secure her against the gates of hell, she could not be in inach danger fromt those gaites: but here is a' Church in danger from her own gates ! Here is protestantism waging war '(pila miniantia pilis) 'against herself! For his Lordship expressly' ide clares, tlit " it" became' this- 'duty-Ato-" toll i"hein,'"ith (the ' Chhrcl: of -°pfgland's) chief' danger existed :within !'s.; hurch of' England! cannot: all. the:.-?"th..h,,with which thou art gorged:_oven ,-Ag,.epldtion, nor all the power of the .cannons;a,pid bay onets of Great Britain,. _(thy.,?help.. in .all former dangers) save ,thee frpnptlhyself ? Thy own bowels rise up against 1ee !I (like the man in the fable,. when .the ;members refused to serve the belly any long.i), how ever, here is no fable, but a solemn-a melancholy reality! O Church of England I! was it ob this, that honest John Bull, for "three .ceiituries, has lavished so much of his blp~l.o and so many of his guineas-to .see,thee 'fall by the hands of thy own children li w' dt to sustain thee against the Pope; the d-1, and the Pretender, that one of thy Bishops, Burnet, first recommended a national: debt, -it was in thy defence it was expended ; nay, the very gunpowder and annoii n balls' fired on thy behalf, against LouisiXIV, are still unpaid rfor- they are still a bur'den on John's shoulders! In fact, were it not foi thee, he would not have the inte tt i of " eight hundred millions of pounds sterling to pay annually, as he must in smouldaw seculorum ! Thou hast been indeed a costly" church to honest John ! And yet, (with iill this, and 5,000,000 of pounids, received:'annually in tithes, thou canst not now": preserve thyself from internal convulsions, 'and "dangers from within." Alas poof church I! [May a merciful Providence, sarive every portion of the Catholic Church"froin riches, and from becoming a pampered state church in any region of the globe !' 