PRESENT CONDITION OF ROME AND THE PAPAL STATES. (From the Correspondent of an Irish Journal.) I ROME, APRIL 3, 1811. You wish me to tell you something of the state of Rome in the year 18 M ; I shall begin, therefore, with her securities. The patrimony of. St. Peter is at present in a very disturbed state-the ex- chequer almost exhausted, and nothing keeps up the state but the loan from Rothschild and the large sums of money expended by the English : the Jew first, and after that the Protestants. A large proportion of the English aristocracy spend their time in hunting, steeple chasing, balls, dinner parties, sight seeing, &c.; ; all these and the ceremonies of St. Peter's, occupy their time from morning till night and from night till morning. There are a great variety of reports constantly in circulation, which keep the people in a state of continual anxiety. One report is very cur I rent at this moment the commencement of the holy week that the four principal powers of Europe Austria, France, Russia, and England I have some kind of political agents here, demanding the Pope's consent to abdicate his temporal sovereignty, and that they have given his Holiness only twelve days to make up his mind on the subject. Another version of the story is, that the Emperor of Austria has signified to the Pope that, to insure the continuance of the tranquillity of Italy, it will be necessary that the papal states should be occupied by Austrian troops. One thing, however, is certain, that three days have been set apart for additional prayers to the Virgin, to avert some great calamity that is hanging over the fore- doomed city. The minds of the people appear to be exercised by the expectation of some great change, and to be prepared for it. The Government is detested, and nothing but the dread of Austrian bayonets keeps them within any bounds. Another report is, that the Hungarian bishops and clergy have made some extraordinary demands on the Pope, which he cannot grant, and that they intend separating from the Church of Rome. Scenes also of another and most extraordinary and distressing character, are occurring daily before our eyes. Last winter, the prayers of the English congregation were requested on behalf of a family in great affliction, and this affliction was occasioned by one of them having joined the Church of Rome a few days before. A Air. Scott Murray, M.P., a few weeks ago conformed to the Romish Church, and was baptised, because they report here that the Archbishop of Canterbury, who baptised him, did not sprinkle the water on him at the very moment when he repeated the words Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. I cannot, however, inform you how the baby, Murray, knew this that is beyond my skill. An English lady of rank is to conform this week, and many more, I hear, are in preparation for the same ceremony. The male converts have generally received the rudiments of their education at Oxford. The females appear to have been well imbued with Tractarian views previously to their joining the Church of Rome. Popish sermons are preached continually in English on the week days, by their best preachers, and printed notices sent round to every family. In these sermons the religion of the Protestant is attacked in every way. One preacher stated a few days ago, that Lucifer was the first Protestant. He might have been nearer the truth had he said that Abel was the first Protestant, and Cain, who originated the unbloody sacrifice, was the first Romanist. Another stated that converts to Christianity were never made by any one not belonging to the Catholic, that is, the Romish Church. A gentleman from the north of Ireland, who was present, could stand it no longer, and instantly walked out of the church. The most miserable part of the business is, that the English attend these sermons in considerable numbers, and are closely watched to see if any impression has been made. A clergyman of the Church of England called a few days ago on a family which had been tampered with in this way, and during the time he remained in the house, the cards of two Popish bishops were sent in but on being informed that there was a clergyman with who would wish to discuss the question of the true church with them before the family, they declined the honour, and instantly de- camped and while all this is going forward, no one will be allowed to preach to the English unless he promises not to say one word on the subject of Popery. One clergyman being invited in this way to preach, declined, by saying " that he was not in the habit of preaching in a straight waistcoat." On Candlemas day, a number of officers, wearing the Queen's uniform and their different decorations of honour, appeared at St. Peter's, and each of them on his knees, received from the Pope's own hands a blessed candle, and then walked in the procession, holding the same lighted in their hands preparatory to their becoming " the Pope's own. One unfortunate young man lent his uniform to a brother officer on a similar occasion, and has been called over the coals for so doing, at the Horse Guards and I would humbly recommend that, for the credit of the British army and navy, the Duke of Wellington would throw more light on this subject than the blessed candles can impart. We have above thirty English clergymen here. A few of them exert themselves in finding out the individuals who have been tampered with by the emissaries of Rome, and in many cases, have been successful " in staying the plague." Another extraordinary event occurred here a few days ago-a Protestant Missionary meeting, at which upwards of £70 was collected for different missionary societies - the Earl of Gainsborough in the chair. The Earl of Roden was expected to attend, but unfortunately he arrived a day too late. The speaking was remarkably good, and the spirit manifested on the occasion was perfectly happy. The meeting was held within a stone's throw of the Propaganda. But the great wonder of all wonders was the arrival of the Bishop of Gibraltar, for the purpose of holding a confirmation. There were about forty-three confirmed, and three more ' were prevented attending by sickness. TENDERS this rag, such, for instance, as the dresses of modern females, intended to catch sparks, raise aflame, and light up a match ! 