DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE MELANCHOLY CASE.-Drowned, on the 30th of October last, Alexander James Tulloh, eldest son of Alexander Tulloh, Esq., Assistant-Super- intendent of Buckland Probation Station, Prosser's River, aged two years and four months. This child met with his death in the following distressing manner :-He was playing wilh Mr. Potter's and Mr. McVilley's children, who were all near the river. One of Mr. Potter's children, named William, gave his infant brother to the son of Mr. McVilley and took Mr. Tulloh's boy bv the hand, and walked with him on the limb of a tree projecting into the river, when, unfortunately, Mr. Tulloh's child fell in. William Potter immediately ran and took his infant brother, and, with the rest of the children, fled. At this moment Mrs. Tulloh was coming in search of her child, and, perceiving the children running, she followed them ; but before she had time to enquire about her child, the hoy (Potter) told her he was not with them. Mrs. Tulloh then went nearer, and enquired if her child had been playing with them -one of Mr. Potter's girls said he was playing at the pit, which was in a contrary direction to the river. Thither the anxious mother pro. ceeded, but she could not discover the object of her search. With trembling steps, she pro ceeded towards the river, where she, with horror, beheld the lifeless body of her child floating on the surface of the water, near the spot where she first saw the children running. Mr. M'Villey's child, a fine boy nearly four years of age, said he was going to acquaint his mother of the case ; but observing Mrs. Tulloh coming towards them, he was frightened, and, with the rest of the children, ran away. Mrs. Tulloh noticed that this boy was some distance behind the other children ; and it occurred to her, after discovering the body of her child, that it was possible that Potter's children had thrown her child into the river, as Mr. Potter and Mrs. Tulloh were not on very friendly terms. Mrs. Tulloh was led to entertain this suspicion from the fact of Potter's boy directing her to a place directly opposite to that where he had left her child, and from its being well known that, previous to this. Potter's children very frequenly ill-used her boy. It is melan- choly for the bereaved mother to contemplate tho loss of a fine child through the carelessness or bad feeling of wicked and unruly children. VíCToniA THEATRE.-On Wednesday even- ing the tragedy of Othello was performed to a better house than we have recently witnessed, with the exception of one or two, since the last Bespeak, tho ostensible attraction being Hambletou's lago to Arabin's Othello. ,Ham hleton's conception of lugo is erroneous. Amongst the whole range of the Great Bard's characters, we know of none more skilfully drawn than rogo ; villain in his very heart and soul, yet skilfully concealing his villainy under the mask of a devoted fi iendship and subser \iency, he readily presumes upon the generous nature of the noble-hearted Moor, worms him- self into his unsuspecting confidence, and main- tains his position till the horrid truth is told to him ; so skilfully does logo conceal his hatred of Othello, that even his wife, Emilia, has no suspicion of it till the end. Mr. Ham bleton made Ingo's villainy too boisterous, gross, and palpable ; lago is a smooth-faced rogue, Hambleton made him the open, osten tatious, unconcealed villain, which he might, we think, easily alter, by subduing his acting in the earliest scenes, and giving as much force as he pleases to the latter. We think Ham- bleton would do Richard better; perhaps we may have an opportunity of judging. Arabin's Othello was a good piece of Acting, with one trifling exception ; we think he did not throw quite enough tenderness into the earlier scenes with Desdemona, who, hy the way, was sweetly personated hy Mrs. Stirling. In other re- spects Arabin gave that character full scope and excellence, especially in the latter scenes, in which ho displayed much discrimination. Mrs J. Thomson's Emilia was as good as we have seen in London, which is as great praise as if we wrote a column on the subject. i Upon the whole, the play was well performed ; j and if we have been rather candid with Ham- bleton, it is because we sincerely wish well to the Theatre, and are anxious to have everything ' as excellent as possible: we may observe, that ' we judge him by a severe standard-that, 1 namely, of the best lagos in our day-Messrs. 0\. Young and Macready, of Oovent Garden j Theatre. We have a word or two to say of our Young's Roderigo. It needs no ghost from the grave to tell us or the public, that Mr. Young is a clever actor ; but he rather mis ' conceived the character of Rodeiigo : this young man is a fop, a fool, and not the bravest of the brave ; but he is not a sniveller. Young j can do the character well, we feel convinced ; ! and if he will throw a little more manhood into j the part, with less whining, it will be perfect then. Our Theatrical friends must not imagine that because we have spoken thus of them, so ' different from our usual wont, that we are 1 unnecessarily severe, or that our critical bile has heen disturbed hy the cold weather. We have done as we have done, fiom the great love we really bear towards our whole corps dramatique, and they must so consider it. On Friday, Jack Sheppard was again per , formed toa tolerable house, and well performed I too ; and on Monday, Oliver Twist is to be re I presented, with a very strong and able cast. ! We cannot conclude this notice without ad j verting to the mechanist, Mr. Johnson, through ! whose exertions all the scenic machinery is re , gulated and put into action ; although in the back gr mud, this ofScer in the establishment ' deserves praise for the useful and indeed indis- pensable part which he performs. And wo cannot refialn fiom bearing our willing and well-merited testimony to the active exertions which are constantly in progress to provide novelties for the public entertainment. In no establishment with which we have heen ac 1 quainted, have we ever known greater exertions 1 put forth to please. We truly hope they may prove successful, ' THE HOADS.-The numerous accounts we receive from week to week of the state of the blanch roads is truly distressing. If they were even properly formed, so that the water drain age were prevented from lodging on them, and foi ming dangerous quagmires, there is reason to believe the farmers, under the present cir- cumstances of the Colony, would be satisfied, until the arrival of better times. Surely His Excellency can venture to depart from the penal science red tape orders, so far as to get the useful and really necessary branch roads of the Colony formed with proper open drainage, to prevent the lodgement of wet in any part. It would be well that the settlers, where they can afford it, should also make proposals to the ? Comptroller-General to finish, or at least to j form the most essential portions of the bye i roads by contract, which, in the present state of the hired depots, will doubtless be met by thal ! functionary on the most liberal terms. It is cruel that the farmers should have so much difficulty, (and, as will be seen in another part of our paper, also loss of valuable and useful cuttle.) while coming to market, for which the miserable pittance they receive is no proper re- muneration. SUPREME COURT.-In Bunco -On Tuesday last the Court was to have sat for the first time in the present term, but His Honor the Chief Justice was prevented doing so hy indisposition, and the Court was adjourned till the next day, when the Court was again opened, and again adjourned till Friday, ()esterday) as Mr. Jus- tice Montagu refused to sit on any but the pro- per days. The business before the Court was brief, but a very important case in Equity was brought forward, involving the question of the value of location orders ; we shall give a de- tailed account of this in our next, merely stating for the present, th,at the case is that of Camp, bell and unr. v. Milne and anr., and that the question is, whether any estate and interest, and if so, what ? descends to the heir-at-law, under the location order of the father, the heir being an infant, and having, through his solici- tor, consented to a sale ? From what transpired, although ho formal decision was given, both the Judges are of opinion that in respect to the case in question, location orders are valueless. The Attorney-General applied to the Court for an extension of time to show cause for a new trial in the case of the Perjurer Kaycor-it was granted, and the motion will bemade on Tuesday. FREE SERVANTS.-The public will be pleased to observe, that a Register for free servants, and (although the advertisement does not say so) we suppose free mechanics also, has heen opened in Liverpool-street, to be disposed of at a lower rate of wages than the Government passholders.' This shows good sense, yielding to the state of the Colony, and, as we have repeatedly stated in this journal, must be followed up by every branch of industry before the colonial machine will run smooth and successful. To that it must come at last, and the sooner it does so, so much the better for all parties,-7s. and 8s. for a pair of shoes will not do now. The free laboring class, generally, are beginning to per- ceive the propriety ot a reduction in their charges. Thero are several male and female servants in the Registry department of this office, who are ready to engage on very mode- rate terms. We, may shortly return to this subject. LICENSES.-The cases of Mr. Hyrons nnd Mr. Morrison, alluded to in a former number as having applied for licenses to ket p inns at Launceston and'Evandale, and as having been refused on account of " not being wanted, ' in the opinion of the Justices, came on again on Monday last at Launceston, but the decisions were deferred until the 22nd, when no doubt, having heard the decision on this side in Mr. Bonney's favour, their Worships will grant the applications. MARKETS.-There is no alteration whatever in the grain market, and business is dull even at existing prices. SI.AOOHTKHINO._We took notice, on Tues- day, of the imminent danger to the health of the community that must be occasioned by the continuation of slaughtering in the city, as it will contaminate the atmosphere with a pesti- lential miasma of a highly poisonous nature and entreating the Government to adopt the most effectual measures to remove the cause of danger, unaware, as we then were, of any ex- isting law upon the subject. The ink was scarcely dry on the paper when the Slaughtering Act, No. 4, in the year 1832, during the Go, vernment of Sir George Arthur, was placed in our hands, the 5th section of which is to the following effect:-« And be it enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant-Governor, or person administering the Government of this Colony, hy any proclamation or proclamations for that purpose issued, from time to time to declare and appoint one or more slaughter, house or houses, for the slaughtering therein of sheep, pigs, and cattle, in and for any town or place ; and if any person shall thereafter slaughter, or cause to be slaughtered, any sheep or cattle for sale in any such town or place, or any pigs for sale in Hobart Town or Launces- ton, excepting in some public slaughter-house so appointed in or for such town or place, such person shall pay a fine for each offence of not less than Ten Pounds, nor more than Fifty Pounds." We congratulate the public on the existence of this Act, of which, we have no doubt, the Government will speedily avail itself for the publio health and safety. PERJUKY PiiEVENTt.i).-In our Police re- port will be found the case of a man who was charged by constable Brown, a v ery experienced and active officer, with falsely accusing two free men of robbing him. Now it is very possible, not to say probable, that, as a portion of this money belonged to the man's master, if he really had lost it he would have persisted in his charge against these men ; but the prompt and resolute vigilance of Brown, who persevered in searching the man, prevented a too probable recurrence to the frightful but fortunate crime of perjury I We refer our readers to the report itself for farther particulars. SCHOONER i( MARV."-We are pleased to announce the safe arrival, yesterday, in this port, of the government schooner Mary, for- merly the Eliza, having on board Mr. M'Lean, Assistant Commissary-General; Mr. Forster, the Comptroller- General of Convicts ; Mr. Burgess, the Chief Police Magistrate ; Mr. Power, the Surveyor-General ; and Captain Moriarty. NEWSPAPERS.-The Inhabitants of the dis- trict of Clarence Plains are respectfully in- formed that, although by the present post arrangements they do not get their newspapers for several days after they are published, during which time they remain in the post-office, that henceforth they will receive the Colonial Times of the Tuesday on Wednesday, the Tasmanian and Review on Friday morning, and the Colo- nial Times of Satudray on the evening of that day, at the Kangaroo Point Post- office. UNCLAIMED LETTERS.-The Public are in- formed, that there are a great number of Un- claimed Letters in the Post- office, a list of which may he seen and perused at the office of this establishment. 