THE MUTINY AT SKA. [r«OM ' WlUOk't Tll.ES OF TUB BOBUKtt».'j (Conclude)) from Urt Vi'rdnesilay's numlcr.) : ?bli.llietnurrterbiisscouidrel! I'll j pay liim o(T for tliis! I'll tell liim « l-ii of my mind ! I'll make him think lic'tl lielter liave had a shark in his wake Ifaau Jem Hamilton ; for I'll never rest satisfied lill I see liim -l»ncing the gallows hornpipe.' 'Gently, penlly, Jem,* said Old Dick : ' -'ou must he very cautions, *-??? *-mi II Ant if in il-ii flitrtirc IViM'CA 1 1 Dickson kunw'd I wns nlivc, he'd know ns how liii own lifo was in danger ; nnd I uould'ril he at all sur prised if lie wns In set lire to the brig, or come fletitry of (hat kind, ihnl we might all go to the bottom together. No, no; I must keep quietly out of the way, till we get into port ; and then we'll bring liim up nil standing.' , * Well,' says I, ' there's reason in tlJRt ; hut ii'ti impossible to keen the I sreret from the ship's company ; for ; Fome one or other o' them will ho, coming olhuxrt ymir hansr, nnd Bnpnrinp Ibey'ie teen your ghost: and then Dick son will smell a ml, and nwlc. a senrrk for you ; and, -lc|icii(l upon it, he'll not leave a hole or corner ! in the ship nnseaiichcil,..if once ho \ suspects anything ' . ' Vou're riphl Jem — ynu'ie riglil,' *ayi he ; ' so :he sooner you broiiches i the business I he heller.' Well, I determined to Irl the cat ! out n' the hug nt breakfast time, when we'd he nil 'senibled together; hut I 'us ralhrr puzzled how to begin nho'it j it; for I know'd some on 'em would he frightened out of their wits if ] | drought Old Dick upon them at once; so I was obliged to mind my helm, nnd steer small. After considering o 1 little, I began (diking »bout p.ior Dirk ' nnd his lamentable fate; and they all i ITnf ritrv mnllt-rnllt' alinnf il * I've heard,' £nys I, ' of n:en nsuas thought to be (I row ned getting nhnnrd the ship ngain, nnd nobody knmv no. tiling uhout it. I'm thinking, if poor Dick could hu'gol n board again, he'd lia' stowed iiinicelf out o' sight o'them iiliaft. It was a dog's life they led liim, poor fellow !' Well, they all thought tin1 same; but they said (hat, nt nil rates, it would ha' been un pos-ih1e for him to escape that dark, squally night. ' Unpossidle !' says I. ?Why 'iid it bo impossible? The old innn wns a capital s«i ? ler; and, I'll tell ye what, messmates, it's my hopininn that he is somenhero about the ship; for I heard his voice a-calling my nnmc long after the boat was hoisted up.' Here they nil looked round, as if they expected to see a ghost. * And, now, messmates, I'm thinking sonic o' you knows o' his being aboard, and has got him stowed ouay; if sp bens that's the case, speak out nt once; I'm not tin* man In peach; and I think no one rise would.' Witli ♦hat lliey all swore they knew nothing obnul Old Dick, and wondered at my eirr thinking of eiic.Ii a thing. ' lint,' says Jack Jones, ' I'd give | every farthing o' pay that's due to me, I if the old man wns nine nnd among us.' i ?And so would I,' said they nil, one ' after another, indiniduully,' us Old Dick would say. .' Well, then, mates.' says I, ' what 'iid you think if I was to bring him bodily among you this blefsed moment ?' They all gave a start when I said so, find some on 'cm looked rnlher whilith, nnd gathered their logs under thrm as if they were making all ready for a run ; bul Jack .Jones, after being u little paultd like the r:st, said ? ? Sceing's liclievinjr, Jem . You can't raise the dead, and I'm not uOer'cl of theiiting. If so be Old Dick I* olive, and there has been any foul play «hewn liini.nslongas I've blood in my hndv. I'll £tand hi- him till hp'si-mlit^.,! What say yc\ bo's, one and all ?' '.Old Dick forever!' muttered they; .for I had warned 'em not to speak loud. ' lint, Jem,' says Jack, putting on : oneofhislbnnder-'and-liglitning looks, 1 1 hopes this is Done o' your monkey tricks? If it is, it will be the worse . tor yon. Why don't you speak ?' * Here's one as shall speak for me.,' says I, os I pulled Old Dick from out the berth. | Although they had been prepared '. beforehand, they nil started up when I they pee'd iim, ami crowded together : like n flock ttf frightened sheep. | ' Won't you spe;ik to inr, lads V . «ays Dir.k ;.t)iilhoceo' them nnsivj-ml, j till Jones, who «** the boldest nniong ' then), c&mc; forward, nnd, in a kind of half sheepish way, held .nut his hand, ; M-faicli Uie.k shook heartily. j ' Worm flesh nnd blood, by the i hookey!' said Jones. 'No wonder! uo nnsu little taken aback when wo ' thought old Davy hud given up his ' f**~j * ar\\.« nun, cil , ITII. US UU »» 1VU escaped.' 'IIji'ii Dick tells them the same story lie hud fold me, and chews them the I knifo, which at! on 'em swore to directly. My eyes! what a rage they were in ! They dnrsln't speak out for fear of being heerd on deck ; but they j grinned like, wild hnllygators, and clenched, their lint* and muttered vengeance on the mnrJcrer. They'd liave rufcliVI lip in ajiodyto teize liim | . if we hadn't done ull us we- could to j prevent llieni.Jiiil (hey would protect | ?Old Dick, and never rest till, they lind satisfaction „„ t|,e ji|lajn Diek '? irfa; liuf that they would not, in the j , ^FNtijnr,; efo* '-j ; tlirir looks or , .-?nanncrt that, there hob anything in the wind, iiut they overdid the hu- ' v.*'fi^*?» ?your JlonoiiV'j . for they were nil s'6 uncbimiion civil to Dickson oh ? «'«*y»j*!U(il ji.e .iLtidii'! know Vilia't to *nuU of It, and tegsn $0 e'ticct some :-y iniiclilef. ??-? ? j I ' lleru'ii a queer change conic over our men,' I heard htm say to (he captain one night, as I was pretend ing to he sleeping close to the bul wark. ' I know I'm no fav'rite among them ; hut they hare lately been loo civil by half, and loo quiet. 1 don't like those half-muttered conversa tions, end clubbings in the waste. Slill uatcr runs deep, sir, and is never more deceitful than when (he sun's upon it. 1 hope there's no mu tiny hatching among them.' The captain started, and answered, ' I hope not. I ham observed the change myself; but I 'tri Imled il lo the Iofs of their favourite, Old Dick; now he's out of the way, they can make no comparisons. Poor old fellow! I am sorry for him.' There was a young chap on .hoard ns we'd shipp'd at Falnioulli — a line, handsome, clean-built fellow he was. itnu we an iikcu iiarry inaimers; for, though ho was -ery quiet and resarved like, he was so goodhu moured and ublecging that it was im possible not lo he pleased with him. He never told us nothing about him self; bul we hud a kind of 'spicion that he was hcilcr nor he seemed to be; for he could read nnd write ns uell as Old Dick himself, though he -)i-ln'( lip us nny o' them break -jaw words.' ' Nr,' interrupted Old Dick, 'he hadn't the gilt of hcllycooshuu, poor fellow 1' ' He hail only been about five years at sea, but there waru'l a man among us ns could heat him cither aloft or below ; nnd lie had ' Hamil ton Moore'* nt his lingers' ends, and coulil shoot the sun,1 or work a Ira verse with nny o'them. lie was a great fav'rile of Old Dick here, and j at first Ihc captain took much notice of him ; but, latterly, a great change I had come over the skipper,; he used j to be a cheery, i!ciil niny-carc look ing fellow, but he had, for come time, been looking restless und uneasy, watching us ull as if he suspected us of mischief; nnd llmt brute Dickson waB always at his hclbow, looking (or all the world, will) that ugly mug of liis'n. like a tiger just a-going to make a spring, 'the steward told us how (he ea plain turned in with loaded pistols under his pillow, and locked the cabin door oery night. 1'ie seen him in j sell start at his own sha dow, of a moonlight night ; und, from being a stout, hearty looking fellow, he turned us thin' as n lump-post. We I all wondered uhut could he the mean- . ing ol the change; for we had always ' dune our duly cheerfully and well, j and we'd never given him no cause (o look black at us ; but, at last we . ' come lo (be conclusion,' as Dick 'nd say, that that villain Dickson was ;:t ! iho bottom of il all. I low we did ! hate that fellow ! He looked as if he ; wos sharpening his teeth lo eat us, eiery lime he ground them at us for looking as ue fell ; nnd ho was nl wavs on the untch for some tvnrd nr fault lo lay hold of; but we were nil too wide awoke for him. We had made up our minds to grin nnd bear il, nnd i.ot (o gel ourselves into nny scrape by rinperaore; but he couldn't punish fur our looks, if we did our duty. One day, Ilnrry Chulmcrs whs on ihcfuksalcuilh bisquadranl, taking a sly squint tit the sun, when (he skipper twigs him from nbnfl, nnd shouts out — ' Hollo! What ore you about, sir?' ' Taking an altitude, sir.' ?Altitude! I'll altitude you. If you can't b'nd anything heller to do than to play with things you don'l understand. I'll Rod wurk for yog.' * 'I here's no work doing just now, sir,' answered Harry, ' and I didn't know there was any harm in looking at the sun.' 'Silenre.joumcalyninulhed rascal!' chimed in Dickson ; ? none of your mutinous answers lo the eeptain.' ' There was no mulinv in what I said, sir ; and, ns Inr my being a mealy-mouthed rascul. you might as well have Icll that unsaid Mister Dickson.' ? What do you mean, you sneaking scoundrel?' shouted Dickson, run ning at him v.illi his clenched fist, nnd looking furious with passion. Chalmers drew back a fin ' or two, and turned lirsrpalc, and il, n red; his fingers worked. up nnd doun sis if they longed to be at him ; bo pressed his lips (ogcthci, «nd ilrew it) liis breath hard, as if struggling to keep (he dciil down. At lust, forgetting himself, he looks Dickson full in ihc face, and mutters, in a low, distinct voice — ' Are you going to serve me ns you did Old Dick?' If you had hot si-en Dickson 'b face, your Honour! He turned as white us :i dirty sheet, and fairly staggered ; the cold pruspirasliun slood on his brow, and hu hadn't a «oid to say for himself. ' What's (he matter Dicksnu,' said Ihe eaplnin. ' Are you uo( well.1 ?Mailer, sir!' iin'swcrcd he; isn't it matter enough to moke a man sick at heart lo think of such 'villainy ? Didn't you hear the rnscal accuse us of murdering the old man ? I told you llier.- was mutiny brewing among them, and this barefaced lie is the first fruit of it.' ' Mutiny — yes, rank mutiny!' said the eaplnin ; ? hut I'll check it before it goes further. (Seize him, Dickson! ? drag him aft ! — put him in irons I ' ' You need use no force, sir.' said Clialmera, quietly : ? I am no mutineer — 1 will go wherever you order me.' ? Moort't Navigation, t Take «n altitude. ; Captain. ' Take his Uiifc from him Dickson, a wasp is harmless without his sling.' Chalmers gave up his knife, after looking at il long and earnestly. ? What are you looking at It so bard for?' said Dickson. ? That I may know il again,' re plied Harry ; ' my knifo has no uunie caned on the haft, like yours.' Again the mate turned pale, and looked long and anxiously into Harry's face, but lie could make nollicn out there. Well, they puts Harry in limbo, and then they had n long pala ver together, and, after thai, they both goes down below, and came up agen vi ith pistols in their hells. The hands were then called up, nnd the captain spun them a long yarn, telling us as how he hud long suspected us of being a mutinous set of rascals ; but (hat he had caught one of us at lust, nnd was determined to make an example. He then ordered Jack Jones ami another to seize. Harry up; bul they never stirred. Dickson immediately rushed forw aid lo seize them ; bul he was on the deck, and lashed lo a ring-bolt, before he had lime to look round him. The men Ihen came forward in a body, nnd Jack .loncs, touching his hut lo the skipper, quite purlilc, told him that llio ship's company had deter mined not (o sec Chambers flogged — that they meant (he skipper no harm, but that they would not do a hand's (urn of work unless Dickson was kepi iu confinement; that he always had been n (yran(, hot that now they knew him to have been the cause of Old Dick's disappearance ? and that they were determined lo make him answer able as soon ns they got into port. ] The cap(i,in was a little staggered at . first; hut, seeing how quiet we all I stood, he look courage and began to | bully, and, drawing out a pistol, called i us mutinous scoundrels, und swore he'd shoot Ihe lirsl man that dared to say a word. ' Put up your pistol, I sir,' said Jones, coolly; ' I lold you ? afore, we mean you no harm ; but, if j you oblige us lo use force to you, the blame trill be your own.' Well, the ! captain would uol listen to reason no how, but snapped his pistol in Jack's face ; and, if I hadn't knocked his arm up, he'd hate Mowed his brains : out. ! ' Sorry for it, captain,' said Jones; ' ' but if I must I muFl ;' and he knocks ! Ihe captain down, and disarms him, and then sends him down lo the cabin, and puls a sentry at the door — ? And now, my lads,' says Jack, calling us j all together below, ' we're fairly in ' for'l ; hut it's no fault of ours. With, i n murderer for a male, and a madman for a captain, it's time we should look ! out for ourselves and the owners: Who's to he our skipper now ?' ? Old Dick !— Old Dick !' shouted all hands. Mut Old Dick said he begged to ' incline the honour. He had come, he sail!, to years of scnnillity, I think he j called il— they ought (o have a jew of- ; nilc captain — (as if they'd have a jew i lor a skipper!) — that he ud be glnd i lo act asmate.slill ; but (hat he thought ! they had better keep the captain and j Dirkson in ignorance of his existence, . till they returned lo port ; and, in ihe ; meantime, he adtised them to make Harry Chalmers skipper, Jack Jones mnle.aml me second male. Well, the I lads followed Dick's adi ice, and swore j lo obey their new ollicers in every- ] thing, und lo treat them tvi(h the same respect as if they'd never messed in j the forecastle. IJcfore Harry would ! lake the command, howctrr, we went down to Ihe captain, and offered to j give the ship up to him again, if so be as he'd promise to keep Dickson in ' confinement till we got ashore, and to j treat us more as men should be treated, i Hut he raved at us like a madman ; ' called us mutinous rascals; and swore , he would shoot every man of us, if he could. After this, there was no help for it. Harry took the command, and he and the males consulted logelher ' what they should do with the brig; ' nnd, at last, it was agreed that we -ihonld 'bout ship, nnd shape our course for lingland again, and give her tip to the owners. All hands were pleased with this move; for we were tired of the voyage already, nnd our going back would prove that we didn't in tend lo run away with the brig. Wo had a (olcrablo passage home; and, during the « hole of dm lime, Dicksou wns kept in close confinement ; hut (lie captain was allowed a little more liberty, und would have been freed altogether, if he had behaved quiclly. Neither he t;or Dickson know'd (hat Old Dick was still alive ; for he kept carefully out of their sight. Well, at last wo makes the land ; and, after a quick run up the Channel, we came lo an anchor ul Grnvcsend; there Harry Chalmers went on shore and told the s:ory to the magistrates, nnd sent a letter to the owners, lie and I accused Dickson of the murder ol, or the intent lo murder Old Dick ; and he wuo put in limbo, lo stand his trial on the charge. The captain, in the meantime, had become so outrageous tint «c were obliged to keep him in close confinement ; and ue became rating mad. When Dick&on; was placed at the bar, as they calls il, nnd asked whether he pleaded guilty or not lo Ihc charge, he answered, us bold as brass — ?Not Guilty.' He laughed nt all our charges; said thai we'd a spile again' him, and batched u parcel of lies to ruin him, and defied us to prove tvhul we accused him of. He snid thai dip night on which (he- Occident happened was so dnrk that', even if he had shoved Old Pick overboard, nobody could huve seen him. lie asked what credit could he giicn to the testimony of a gang of mutineers, trying to swe.tr away (he life of their officer ; and who, upon mere suspicion, accused him of mur der, because a weak and hinfirm old man had fallen orerhnard, on a dark and squally night. Under colour of that suspicion they had broken out into open mutiny, and had taken the command of the vessel from the right ful captain ; and now, upon mere sus picion, we accused him of a crime of which he was hinnocenl as the unborn baby ; and, lo support our ' tipsy Dick's hit,' »e he called it, we could produce no proofs. ? Proofs?' I sings out — 'you wants more proofs, eh ? Do you know this knife?' And I luge out his own bone polisher, lie changed colour, but answered, boldlv — ? No.' His denying it, however, was uo go. The whole ship's company swore to il. ' Now,1 says I, ' if you doesn'l know (lie knile, do you tmiik you know Iho man you wnnted lo slick it into?' And with that I pulls Old Dick out from behind me, and places him right he fore him ; hut bis head was turned another way at the time. ' Dickson!' said the old man, solcmulv. At the sound of his voice, the prisoner starud, und turned round; but, when he saw the man standing afore him whoso body he thought had been snugly stowed away in old Davy's locker, his impudence and pluck left him in a moment, lie turned pale; trembled violently; covered his face with his hands; and, muttering ? 'Mercy! — mercy!' fell back in a (it; or, us Dick would say, histrikes. : 1 1 was by Old Dick's had vice we had kept back our principal proofs till (lie las!, in order to himpress (he jury ' ? — how he meant lo do (hat in (he ', (ime of peace, I don't know. Well, : (he long and short on't was, your I Honour, lhal Dickson was condemned lo transportation for life ; und Dick and I, and ilarry Chalmers, made sail, in company, (o (his country, whero we all have friends. Harry parted from us an hour or two before we met your Honour, and promised to overtake us afore night; but I'm afeercd he'll be out in his reckoning now.' ' Never fear him,' said old Diek ; ' he's a young man of 'cute appre hensions. He knows the direction in which we have been persecuting our perrygrinashuns ; and, though he hasn't heen blessed with such ad vantages of heddycashun as some folks, he has a good tongue in his head, and knows how lo employ il hadvanlngeouslv.' ' Well done, Dick!' said I; 'ihc recollection of Dickson has not driven Ihe diclionurv mil #if vnur li»r-rt ' Just at ibis point of our conversa tion, die servunl entered (o say that a sailor had come lo the house inquiring after his two messmates. ' Show him up here,' said 1 ; it is the tery man we were talking of, I daresay.' The servant disappeared, and in a short time returned ushering in llio stranger, a tall, active young man, very much darkened by the sun, with a patch over his left eye. 'Ah! Harry, my boy,' said Hamilton, who was by (his (ime be ginning lo show (he effects of the good toddy he had been imbibing. ' I thought you had lost your reck'n ing; here we are, you ste, hard and fast in a snug anchorage.' ' Yes,' said I, ' you had better fullow ihc example of your shipmates, and bring yourself lo an anchor.' ' Thank you kindly, sir,' replied ho; ' I hope, you will not think me an intruder.' ' Nol at ell;— what I hare heard of you from your shipmates is suffi cient to ensure you a hearty welcome.' There was something in the tone of the new-comer's voice which had aroused my attention (he moment he spoko. I felt convinced 1 had heard it uclorc, Iiut 1 looked in vaiu in his face for some information of my con viction. ' I think we must have been ship mates, somewhere, my lad,' said I, for I am sure J have known you be fore.' ' No, your Honour,' replied he ; ' 1 never had iho pleasure of sailing with you; I, perhaps, am like some old friend or shipmate' ?' Perhaps so,' I answered, but slill 1 could not keep my eyes ofT his face. He was sealed in Ihe shade, however, nnd I could not distinguish his features distinctly ; hut I felt an' irrepressible curiosity lo know more of him. ' Your messmates were afraid you would miss them,' said I : ' how did you contrive lo find them out?' ' Oh, your Honour, I had been carrying on a urces of sail lo oicr 1k. u I them, when I came lo n long rcmh of tbo road, where I could see a precious long tvny ahead ; nnd, ns I couldn't twig anything of (hem, I concluded they had tillered (heir course; go I hailed a man I saw numiuf uiiuuvuu ticiu near me road, and nsked him if he had seen any strange sail ; and he told mo he hnJl seen two Bailors hove to, and speaking Ihe gentleman this house belonged to. ? No doubt,' said he, ' you'll find your friends there, for he never allows a sailor lo pass his door.' With thai, your Honour, 1 hauled my wind, and steered straight fur this anchorage ; and was not at nil sorry, I can assure you, lo find my two 'consorts lying here.' . ' And, tiow that you have found your way inlo this anchorage, as you call it,' said T, ' suppose you follow their example, and lay in a stock of provisions.' ' With all the pleasure in life, sir ; for my long cruise has given me an appetite. I could eat a stuffed marine.' Cold meat and spirits were placed befoje him ; of which, notwithstand ing his boasted appetite, ho partook bul sparingly. When he had finished his supper, his attention was attracted by a portrait which bung aver the malelpiece, and which ho gazed at long and earnestly. 'That picture seems to please you,' said I ; ' you had belter examine it more closely — it is an uncommonly good likeness of my father.' ' And who is this, sir?' said the young sailor, approaching a picture of my poor brother. ' That,' replied I, ' is the picture of the rightful master of this house — would that Ibe original were here ! — poor Charlos!' ' Is he liviug, sir?' ' I fear not. Years have passed now since he left bis home, and we have discovered no traces of liim.' ' Was he your favourite brother, sir?' ' My only one. ' ! ' This troublesome eye !'' said the young man, wiping bis shaded eye. ' ' And were you great friends?' i I ' Friends! — I would give all I am I possessed of in die world to seeCbarles ? standing before ine.' | The young sailor seemed much nf- 1 fected ; and I was wondering ul this unexpected display of sympathy in a stranger, when ho (ore the shade from his brow, turned full to the light, and sobbed out — ' iidward ! dear Edward !' It was ray long lost brother. It was impossible for words to express my feelings; the dearest wish of my heart was satisfied — I was loo happy for speech. For sonic moments wo stood looking at each other, with our hands locked in each other's, and (cars of joy streaming down our cheeks. ' Charles 1 have been (hinking of you, longing for you, nay, dreaming of yon, for years; and, nflcr all, fool that I was, when you slood be fore me 1 did not know you.' ' Consider my disguise, Edward, and my adopted slang; it would have been astonishing if you had recog nised me ; and yet, ihe sound of my voice seemed lo startle you, and to nivukon some kind of suspicion of my identity.' ' Yes, it was like the sound of a long-forgollen melody; it wos fa miliar to my ear, but I could not re call where I had before heard it. I then requested Charles to tell me all that bad happened to him since we parted.' ' No, no,' said he ; ' Ned, we'll defer that lo some future opportunily ; we will devote (o night to older re colleclions. Hut, while we are thinking of llio. past, we must nol forget my kind friends and shipmates here. Come, Jem, won't you heave a-hcad, and give your flipper lo your old mcssniDlo t' ' Why, Harry, ax your pardon, mister ; but now you've shipped a new name with a handle to it, may hap you wouldn't like an old mess male lo make so free.' I' Give me your hand, Hamilton ; it is the hand of a brave and honest man, and no one. however high in rank, need be ashamed to own a true heart for a friend. And you, too, my kind old shipmale,' said he, ad dressing Dick, ?' have you no congra tulations to ofl'er me?' ' I do from the deepest depths of inv heart reioiceat vour o-nml I'nrinno Mr. Schright; for, as you are the brother of my old officer, I presume that is now your noinenclulcher.' ' Yes, I am Edward Scbright now, Dick ; but I (rust that, when I doff the blue jacket, you will find 1 have the hcarl of a sailor slill, and am nol forgetful of old friends. We must find you a shelf lo lay your Johnson upon.' ' You must lay us side by side, then, sir,' replied Dick ; ' we have been bosom friends loo long to sepa rate now.' ' And now, Charles,' said I, ad dressing my brother, ' I am your guest — I have been only holding this properly as your steward, and with sincere pleasure 1 resign il to its rightful owner. Und my father known you were alive, he would have made you his heir, und 1 know 1 am ucling up to his inlcutions, in resign ing my claims to you. lie died, blessing your memory, and bitterly repenting die harshness which had driven yon from your home.' As 1 had nnlicipated, il was not without a long, though friendly con tention, that my high-minded brother would consent lo this arrangement; out I was firm in my resolution, and told him thai, if he refused 1 would again leave my home and seek an in dependunce for myself. At last we compromised the matter; I making over lo him every thing thai had been Fettled upon me by my father ; and he insisting upon settling upon me a handsome annuity, which, with my half-pay, has made me a comfort able man for life. He is married to Marion Elliot, his first and only lore ; nnd I live with them, a con tented bachelor. Jem Hamilton, through our interest, obtained the command of a snug merchantman ; and Old Dick, with his inseparable dictionary, is moored for life, in a neat cottage on the coast, and acts upon occasion 8b oailingcaptain of our little pleasure yacht, the Marion, 