BARTLETT'S NEW HOLLAND. In our last week's review of this book, we ex- plained to our readers its nature and objects, especially with reference to the two principal arguments involved in it; and we think that enough was then said to give a tolerably clear idea of the peculiar opinions of the writer. It has, however, been remarked to us, that we were not sufficiently liberal with our extracts, and that, instead of forcibly compressing the author's ar- gument, it would have been better to have allowed him to speak freely for himself. We have no possible objection to this, and have therefore selected the following portions for ex- tract, wherein, as we think, Mr. Bartlett appears to best advantage. As we have already had our say, we shall offer them without comment, al- though we are not to be understood as agreeing with all the opinions given : — ON CONCENTRATION. " There can be no doubt that when the soil of a country is generally fertile, and of such a nature as to be easily brought into a state of productiveness, the rivers naviga- ble, and the roads good, it is advisable that there should be, to a certain extent, a concentration and radiation of the population. But in a country, the soil of which is generally deficient of fertility, the good land being only in patches ; the principles, as they are culled, of colonization, will be found wholly inapplicable. In old countries, con- centration of the population may exist to a very large ex- tent, because the communication between the dispersed agriculturists and the collected masses — the food growers and the food consumers — is so good that the produce can be readily conveyed, and at a slight expense, to that por- tion of the people who arc not engaged in agriculture. In new countries, however, the case is widely different ; the means of communication between each district, in fact, be- tween different portions of the same district, are so bad, that produce can only be conveyed very tardily, and at a very expensive rate. The Australian colonies are the least adapted of any new countries to the concentration of large masses of people. The land is, for the most part, deficient of fertility, thereby rendering it impossible for the same amount of produce to be obtained from a given quantity of soil as in a generally fertile country, and from the prevalence of sand, the con- veyance of agricultural produce will cost more than in those countries where the soil is firm. The great object of settlers in a new country should be the producing food sufficient for their own consumption ; for, however great the exports may become at some future period, the necessity of paying in specie for the produce which is brought to them from the older countries tends to weaken them in their most vulnerable point. The first settlers of a colony, — the pioneers of civiliza- tion, — arc rarely overburthened with worldly riches. After the early settlers have borne the first brunt, and brought the land into cultivation to a certain extent, the men of capital come out and purchase from the older settlers the results of their industry ; by these means both parties are benefitted, — the early settlers become possessed of capital, and the monied man of a residence and some land bearing crops. If, however, the earlier settlers, instead of follow- ing the prudent course of endeavouring to grow food sufficient for their own consumption, expend their time and money in other speculations, which may be highly advantageous to residents in an old colony, but totally in- applicable to the circumstances of a new one ; the great probability is, that they will have to pay more for the food which they are compelled to import, than will be defrayed by their speculations, however successful. When there is such a demand by the late settlers for the lands of the older colonists as to enable the latter to dispose of them to ad- vantage, the draining of money from the colony to pur- chase food is not felt ; but as soon as there is any falling off in the emigration to the place, then is experienced the absurdity of the principles on which they have acted. As then it is evident that the early settlers should, be- fore they turn their attention to any other occupation, cultivate the land so as to render themselves independent of other countries for food ; and that, when large masses of people are concentrated in any country, they cannot sup- ply themselves with the necessaries of life, unless there is a large proportion of the population dispersed and engaged in agriculture, it is obvious that concentration will not answer in a new country. If the concentration of settlers in new countries generally be impolitic, how absurd must it be in New Holland, which is acknowledged, by the evi- dence of indisputable witnesses, to be generally deficient of fertility,— and yet it has actually been carried into effect. By the forcible concentration of the population, the set- tlers are compelled to waste their labour and capital in the cultivation of the inferior, or heavily-timbered lands. If the projectors of these principles [concentration and radiation] had satisfied themselves with modifying former systems of colonization, their views would have been much less liable to question ; for it must be confessed that modi- fications might have been improvements. Not satisfied, however, with a modification of a theory that had stood the test of practical experience, they have promulgated new principles entirely opposite to all former modes. It is lamentable, that persons who know nothing of the capa- bilities of Australia should consider themselves justified in bringing forward schemes altogether opposed to the plans of men who had acquired their knowledge of the subject in the country. LAND TAX. If a system of colonisation were to have its origin in the colonies, it is very probable that one of its principles would be the placing a tax on all uncultivated and unoccupied lands, which are not only a complete dead weight, but ex- ercise a very pernicious influence on the toiling colonist. The Owners of these lands, of themselves indolent, thrive by the unremitting assiduity of the hard-working popula- tion. Their property is made valuable by the cultivation of the surrounding lands, and their fortunes promoted by the untiring perseverance of others. In consequence of their holding lands which they neither cultivate nor occu- py, emigrants are forced to go farther in the bush than would otherwise be necessary ; they are placed farther from a town-site from whence they can obtain supplies, and to which they can forward the surplus produce of their farms. No resident of an old country can form an idea of the extent of the evil of unoccupied or uncultivated land in a new country. It tells heavily against the settlers on their most vulnerable point. The emigrant who has to pass beyond a tract of unoccupied land, works only indi- rectly for his own profit, he toils directly for the gain of the owner of the land, which is not cultivated ; and there- fore as the unoccupied lands arc highly injurious to the undertakings of all settlers, it is but equitable that a heavy impost should be raised on these lands, as some compensa- tion for the mischief they inflict. But as their owners are very generally men of influence at home, it can hardly be expected that the wrongs of the settlers will be redressed in this particular, seeing that the one party is at the seat of government, and the other removed from it by the dis- tance of half the globe. WHALE FISHERIES. Notwithstanding the very large sums which Great Bri- tain has expended in New Holland, she avails herself but very scantily of one of the richest resources of that coun- try. Whilst British money is profusely scattered on the territory of New Holland, she permits other nations to reap the harvest she has cultured at the cost of an im- mense outlay. The oil fisheries in the seas surrounding New Holland, give employment to many French whalers, and whole fleets of Americans, who pursue their profitable trade close to the doors of the English settlers. It is true that on some parts of the coast English fisheries are estab- lished, but it is equally true that there are many hundred miles of coast where an English whaler is never seen, but where French and American whalers abound. Let it not be imagined that this rich field of enterprise is thus, as it were, almost abandoned to our rivals, in consequence of any deficiency of emolument which is attendant on it. The ocean which surrounds New Holland is eminently rich in vast treasures, which merely require to be sought after to yield a large profit to the well-skilled adventurer. That wealth which used formerly to constitute by no means on inconsiderable portion of the riches of England, is new, as far as the rich waters surrounding Australia are concerned, almost resigned, to the eager longings of our rivals. It surely cannot be a desirable state of things when a nation knows less of her territory than her rivals, and when other nations avail themselves of the shelter of har- bours of which she knows nothing. It is evident when this happens, that something must be wrong. It is an un- deniable fact, that the American whalers are very much better acquainted with many parts of the coast of New Holland than the British. The cause is obvious. So long as the whale fisheries are neglected by us, so long will our knowledge of the coast be inferior to that of other nations who prosecute this highly important branch of national industry. Without advocating the bounty system of the French, it may be questioned whether much advantage would not accrue from an extension of the whale fishery. It is clear that it must yield a large profit to private individuals who embark their capital in it, or the Americans would surely not prosecute it with such fleets as they do at the present time. And it is evident that it would be of the highest im- portance in a national point of view, as it would increase the commercial marine, inure our sailors to a bold and hazardous employment, and furnish our navy with addi- tional means of obtaining seamen of the most hardy and useful character. ON CLIMATE. Possessing a climate admirably suited for some thoracic diseases, it is ill fitted for those who labour under any complaint of the stomach or bowels. Rheumatism is pre- valent. The teeth decay much sooner than in England, and this defect mars the appearance of the (in other re- spects) Australian beauties. Headaches are much more frequent than in the temperate climate of Europe. Again, it has been said by medical men, that in particular divi- sions of the country, fever is unknown. Shortly after my arrival in one of those districts; it occurred to me to wit- ness cases of fever, as clear and well marked as I ever met with. Thus it is that the prejudices of a man run riot with his better judgment. It has been stated that child- birth in this land is not accompanied with those dangers which surround the mother in other countries. It has been said, that ' Parturition with the female sex is expeditious and safe; being accomplished by the efforts of nature alone, within from throe to six hours.' It occurred to me, during the first four months of my residence in one of the Australian colonies, to attend two cases of parturition, as difficult and dangerous as could be encountered in mid- wifery ; during the same period there was a third case equally dangerous, but which I did not witness. When the population of this colony, which has fewer inhabitants than any other, is taken into consideration, at the period just now referred to, it will, I think, be clear that parturi- tion is not at all times expeditious and safe. Inflammation of the eyes readily passes on to highly destructive ulceration. All external sores require very constant care to prevent the deposition of maggots. The allowing a wound to remain uncovered for a very short space of time is hazardous, as there are myriads of flies ready to settle on any abraded surface. If not disturbed, the maggots would, of course, go on to the destruction of life. Although the beat iu summer is scorching, and scarcely tolerable, the winds in winter are at times piercing and very cold. From this it results that catarrhs or colds (as they are commonly called) are not by any means un- common. The climate is peculiarly fatal to all disposed to intemperance, and the extreme heat of the merciless sum- mer sun produces excruciating headaches. The general result of my experience is, that the climate of Australia is weakening and enervating, and adapted only for those who suffer from some kinds of chest disease, or have destroyed their constitution by a residence in some withering, deadly land, — haud inexpertus loquer. The heat is rendered more oppressive by the frequency of bush fires, which happen in summer. When near a bush fire, one feels, in addition to the extraordinary heat, about to be suffocated. The sea breeze, or doctor, as it is emphati- cally called) so much sighed after, blows before it the wretched heat of the land wind, but lassitude it cannot dispel ; the sea breeze cooling to a certain extent, but im- parting no energy. COLONIAL HOSPITALITY. Colonists are hospitable and most attentive to strangers. Travellers, though unknown ; are received in the true spirit of liberal hospitality — whatever the accommodation, the hearty welcome of the host is never wanting. The way- farer, when he is passing through a district where inns are scarce, makes his calculation to stop at the house of some settler, who may or may not be known to him. When he arrives at the location, he puts his horse in the out-house, which serves as a stable, and walks to the dwelling-house, where he is sure of being cordially welcomed by the owner. The one takes as freely as the other gives. Whatever the place contains, is the guest's :— if there be no bed for him, a ' shake-down' is made, and if that cannot be had, he rolls himself in bis blanket before the fire; the best meal that can be procured is cooked for him, and seasoned with the best of all sauces, the host's hearty welcome. The horse fares as well as his master; if there be corn on the premises, he gets it, and plentifully ; If there be none, he is tethered out in the best place. If the wayfarer be sick, the health-restoring medicine is brought him, and he stops till he is quite well, or until he wishes to resume his journey. The true English spirit of free hospitality — So remarka- ble in all the Anglo-Saxon race — is, perhaps, nowhere more fully brought out than in a new country, thinly peo- pled. There are no ostentatious protestations of service, but all the host has to offer is freely at the service of his guest. In point of fact, I do not think that genuine hospitality can anywhere be met with of a brighter, better hue, than in these colonies, and the inhabitants never ap- pear under more pleasing colours than when holding out the right hand of hospitality to the sojouruer that is with- in their gates. DANGER OF EXTENDED DOMINION. The British empire, extended into every division of the earth, composed of nations having little affinity, each por- tion separated from the others by hostile and powerful kingdoms, is the most conspicuous example of a people with great energy, but with a confined territory, carrying their dominion from the tropic heat to the polar ice. No empire of either ancient or modern times ever had so ex- tensive a boundary. The actual frontier of the boasted empire of the Romans dwindles into insignificance when compared with the boundaries of Great Britain, at the same time that its situation rendered it highly capable of resist- ing attacks, as each part was connected with the other. How differently is Great Britain situated ! Her empire is scattered ; rival nations, anxious to enrich themselves by her downfall, await with impatience a favourable opportu- nity to attack her dispersed forces. And so far situated are some portions of this colossal empire from its centre, that kingdoms might be won and lost months before the governing powers would even apprehend an attack." [Calling on our friend Abel the other day, wo found, lying open on his table, the following letter, which, with that unscrupulosity which so often characterises literary men, we incontinent- ly seized upon for our own purposes. It is written on rather a dry subject, but as many, will think that there is some reason in his re- marks, we do not hesitate to print it, especially as we should, otherwise, lose all the advantage of our pilfering. For ourselves, we must confess that we do not agree entirely with friend Abel. We would gladly see the practice of the law freed from alt unnecessary technicalities, but care must be taken lest in attempting to avoid one evil, we run into a greater. Thank Heaven, we have long since ceased to trouble our brain with the mysteries of pleas and demurrers, but from the recollection we have of the objects and uses of pleadings, we arc inclined to say that expense -vould frequently be saved to suitors by their adoption ; while their rejection, to the extent ad- vocated by our friend Abel, would in many cases amount to a positive denial of justice. Surely he cannot mean to say that where a man brings his action in ' trover,' he shall be allowed to reco- ver in ' ejectment !' the defendant has a right to know the specific claim that is made against him, and has a right to expect that he will not he called on to make defence as against any other than that specific claim, which, in Eng- land, is declared in the pleadings. We would at least go the length of making it imperative on the defendant to deliver a written plea some days before trial, instead of, as now, leaving him to plead orally in court when the trial has actually commenced; we would also, in all necessary cases, have him plead specially, and not allow such a wide defence as is included under the general issue, by which the expense (especially for witnesses) is often unnecessarily increased. However, we shall not argue the question fur- ther now. If it should be taken up hereafter, we shall do our best to give the merits of both sides to the public. — Ed.] To Richard Morrison, Esq. Dear Richard, — I am sorry I did not an- swer your last letter by the Unicorn's mail, but we arc all so busily employed in fishing for whales and snappers, for the London and Mau- ritius markets, that I positively had not time. You say our school- fellow, Jack Windem, talks of coming out here as a barrister. Let me con- vcy to him a word in season. In any other character he would meet with a hearty and en- couraging welcome — but in that capacity there is no doubt he would 'put his foot in it,' were he to step on shore here. We have already a sufficient supply of extremely 'cute barristers, whose natural talents are sharpened by external pressure, arising from paucity of practice, till they become, like the ' razor's edge invisible,' ready to cut, as Shakspeare proceeds to observe, ' a smaller hair than may be seen ; above the sence of sense, so sensible seemeth their confer- ence.' If therefore lie takes my advice, he will seek the bubble reputation at Hong Kong, or choose to die at Chusan, rather than attempt to pluck feathers for his nest out of our swans. Of late, these birds have grown extremely scarce, and are so bare, that naturalists are of opinion they are always moulting. The Civil Court of this colony does not behave civilly to its practi- tioners (they say), snubbing them in the matter of costs, until they become as transparent as Mr. Marley's ghost. All which, however, only tends to sharpen their native propensities, and makes them so uncommonly discerning, that they would find you out a flaw in a bank-cheque, unless it were in their own favour. Heaven forbid that I should find fault with them. I only wish to warn Jack Windem of his fate. There were some wholesome and proper instructions transmitted by the Secretary of State to the Commissioner of the Civil Court, when he first undertook its duties. These were (as I am in- formed) that he was not to attend so much to legal quibbles and technicalities, as to seeing that substantial justice was done between party and party. The Secretary of State was quite right in giving these instructions, and most ably have they been carried out by the learned Commis- sioner. Many attempts have been made to establish regular pleadings, but the Commis- sioner has always set his face against them ; and in my opinion, has acted must properly and wisely in so doing. Nothing could be more ridiculous, nothing more impolitic, than to at- tempt special pleadings before the increase of business in the court shall have called forth a body of men especially qualified for this difficult branch of the law. Already the evil is so far advanced, that the chief efforts now made in this court are to gain a victory upon law points, and not. upon the merits — which is clearly contrary to the constitution of the court. Those who cram most are most likely to puzzle the Com- missioner, and as there is but one copy of ' Chitty on Pleadings' in the colony, and it, together with almost all the other law- books, in the possession of one Solicitor's office, it is pretty clear that our attempts at legal argument, and forensic hustling, must be rather crude and pre- mature. In the present state of the colony, noth- ing more is required than that the plaintiff's claim should be succinctly stated and proved, and the defendant's reply as clearly brought for- ward, so that the Court and Jury may decide which is the parly entitled to redress. How much more worthy of the respect and the affec- tions of a people is a Court thus constituted, than one in which the plaintiff is liable to be de- feated because the wording of his plaint is ' for money had and received' instead of 'for goods sold and delivered,' or because he has brought his action in ' detinue' instead of ' trover !' Nothing can be more repugnant to the good sense, nothing more obnoxious to the feelings of an honourable suitor, than to find himself com- pelled to pay attention to these absurd and yet (at Westminster) important distinctions. The grand question of the plaintiff's right to what he sues for, must always be decided according to law ; for notwithstanding the prejudices of igno- rant people, the grand principle of the law is JUSTICE. Cast aside the false and treacherous maxims of legal pleading, and the law of Eng- land presents, next to the Christian Religion, the noblest and purest system of ethicks the world has ever known. I reverence, admire, and love the law, as it exists in its sublime purity ; but I disdain and detest the veil which is sometimes thrown by cunning hands over its brightness. I am not one of those sagacious persons who con- sole themselves when a jury has decided against them, by saying, ' Well ! this may be law, but it certainly is not equity.' Can they really tell us what equity is ? Equity is like orthodoxy, which the great Doctor de- scribed to be his doxy, whilst heterodoxy was everybody else's. So, equity is always my view of the question, and law my opponent's, unless I happen to win, when I am content to feel satis- fied with law, and equity may then go to the — enemy. In a court of law, the question at issue must always be decided by the law, and the de- cision will not be wrong if it adhere to the principle from which it emanates. Nothing is more common than for the vulgar to exclaim against this glorious bulwark of our rights and liberties, merely because their own follies, errors, or crimes, have brought them under its censures. Unwilling or unable, in the narrowness of their petty and low minds, to believe that justice ought ever to be on any side but their own, they howl against the majesty of the law, because it will not suffer others to be wronged as they would wrong them. But I spare you any further observations on this subject, my dear Dick. You will be glad to hear that our colonial prospects are much brighter than they were when I last wrote. The times were then exceed- ingly trying, and they are so still, I may say, to the whales in the neighbourhood of Fremantle. [Do you take?] The settlers, who were begin- ning to blubber disconsolately at the aspect of public affairs, now exclaim that blubber is the very thing to save us. On the whole, you may conclude, that although fishes are more sought after than ever, the state of affairs is not so fishy as this circumstance might lead one to suppose. You reproach mo for not writing oftener. My dear fellow, what is there to write about ? Without a subject to expatiate upon, I find 'in tenui labor, ac tenuis gloria' — even the small business of writing a letter is a bore. Things go on so smoothly and quietly here, that you really cannot find anything to quarrel with. There is no room for agitation in this small place, and I really think O'Connell himself would become an orderly character in Western Australia. It is better to stop than to go on prosing ; so with many good wishes to the family circle, I remain Yours sincerely, Abel Morrison. 