Police«r"8ATUaDAY. " Stockade Men. — Denis. Creamour and Moses John son, who had absconded on the previous Tuesday from the Parramatta Stockade, and had been forwarded from Sydney, to be dealt with by the Bench as run aways, had, on their'arrival, to answer a second count of the indictment charrine them with rohherv. Tf. seems that on the morning of the day on which these arrant knaves resolved to become Knights " Errant," and by leaving Parramatta have all the world before them, they proceeded to the shop of Mrs. Elizabeth Reinhart, of Church-street, and after making a pur chase of a loaf of bread, availed themselves of that fe male momentary turning away to turn something to their own advantage, and accordingly some half dozen cabbage tree hats,' being the: handiest placed, and the commodity being a ready-money article, and there fore an easy mode of "raising the wind," to provide the wherewithall to bring " down the dust" on the road, they lost no time in adopting them to their use. This feat performed, they quitted Mrs. Reinhart's shop. The theft being immediately discovered, the fair shop keeper instantly followed in pursuit, and surprised Johnson at the Hospital Works, with the stolen pro perty in his possession. Now, although the Cabbage Tree Hat Race are a brave and hardy race and will stand anything, the prisoner could not keep his position against Mr. R. and instantly decamped, for which pedestrian exploits, coupled with the unlawful removal of the hats, he was rewarded with twelvemonths to an iron-gang, whilst his travelling companion, Creamour, from their being no positive proof of his aiding and abetting in the misappropriation, escaped with two months to the treadmill, for absconding. summons case. The Queen v. Reynolds. — The information in this case charged Mr. Patrick Reynolds with supplying drink to one Patrick M'Carthy. after hours. . . Mr. Reynolds' license for extra hours, causing him to put a stop cock on all his potables at eleven o'clock, un less the party wanting the crature comfort be a bona fide lodger in the establishment, or a traveller seeking refreshment. The great witness 4n the case was, as usual, the mighty Fox, who, recapitulated, in evidence ; . what we gave in last Saturday's issue, as to the happy and complacent state of mind in which hej found Mr.: M'Carthy on the night of the alleged offence, . and proved that the liquor ho had before him, and which he would have drunk but fer the lnspector's iinoppor- ..... tune appearance, was rum. The defence set up was, < that M'Carthy was a " lodger," inasmuch as this' indi- l vidual, by profession a deputy bailiff, was so - fatigued and tired with the onerous duties of his office and overcome in mind' and feelings either by the "distress" he had been making or by what he had been" taking" that he had resolved to take up , his quarters for the;, night at the Coach and Horses, instead , of , proceeding - to his own cottage on the hill, among the ghosts and tombstones, at the Catholic burying ground,, where, being a man of many employments, he; fulfills the re-, sponsible duties of sexton. The defendant's servant proved the ordering of the bed, and another witness also affirmed as to his offering Patrick a supplementary night-cap before he went to "the downey" in the shape of a. nobler of rum, an invitation which was riot refused, and which nobler was the . head and front of the offending. The evidence of M'Carthy himself was of a very " don't recollect " character. Poor unhappy individual, the excitement of the labors he had been performing in the day, and the apparition of Fox at night, conglomerated his ideas, and Mr. Reynolds had to be the sufferer by his want of tact and sobriety in a fine of £2 and 5s. costs. 