Police Reports, by "Boi/ Parramatta Bench — mo'nday. Ecce-iterum AP Cann. — We had been in a dubiousness of mind for the last two or three weeks for the absence! of this interesting female's name from the Police! diaries, was a matter involving awful surprise. We kriew not what to think ; could it be possible that this Queen Of Cyprus—' -the goddess of the Brickfields — had; been trying the cold Water process in the Parramatta! River, or disgusted with the state of affairs in this town, had betaken herself to the wild dreary bush of the in-, terior in company with some kindred soul of a bullock driver, there to waste her native sweetness on the desert air, and ruminate on beef and damper. Certes it might be as extremes meet, she had seen the error of her former ways and backslidings, and humbug being the order of iih'e day, turned saint and qpend a house of prayer ;for the pious and devout. Mary's entrance, however, into the Court this morning dispelled what ever hopes and illusions we might have formed respect ing her; more particularly our imaginings of her Having become a convert to secular employment, when it ap peared that the charge to be preferred against her was, in addition to the heinous one of drunkenness, that of being1 a common something, a word not at all "expres sive of 'Uprightness of behavioiir or strictly mdral con duct. It appears that at a very late hour of Saturday night, Inspector Fox found the fair Mary setting like a bewildered maid under a hedge with dishevelled hair, being a man of Une feelings his heart was touched at SCeing so young and beautiful a creature exposed to the pitiless pelting of the blast, and he kindly offered her the protection of the watch-house. As 'she Was accompanying the mail of dTead dowihUrch-street, a few of the native yOUthTecoghizedher in the custody bf thiS Holofornes of Parramatta, and Mary Having given the whoop halloo to her old palsand acquaint ances, an "attempt at rescue was mftdb, and had not there been other constables present, Fox's head would now have been an admirable specimen of gelatine. The Bench was ruthless, and Mary had to return to her old quarters at the Factory for four calendar months. thursday. A Great Unpaid; — Bob Nichols' motions for the abolishment of Paid Officials, and leave every thing in the way of Justice to be done on the voluntary system, has spread a sort of rabid insanity among the humbler portion of society. A frightful instance of its pernicious effects was exhibited in the person cf one Michael Wolfe Irwin, whose sudden spirit of glory and pariot- ism had so throughly electrified him, that his hair stood erect on his head like the fretful porcupine, whilst his arms branched forth at full length caused him altogether to vastly resemble a road post. It appeared that on the previous evening there was a roio in Providence Row between two young ladies as to who had the greatest marital right to one gentleman Who resided in one of the Villas there, in the middle of which Mr. Irwin came up with a gun about twice as big as himself to instill peace, and representing himself a constable threatened the terrors of the watch-house, and its sequence the Gaol and Factory. Unfortunately, for Michael, there was just beside him a greater arch- angel than himself, one Serjeant Hotham, who having quieted the disturb ance was base enough to drag down the would-be constable's dignity a peg or two by taking him to the watch-hoUse, and, doubtless out of spite and envy, now swore that Michael was drunk. This the accused most strenuously denied, and accounted for his possession of the War- like instrument by affirming he Was going out a shooting. The Bench, doubtless out of spite also, believed Hotham's tale to be correct, and fined the first enrolled of old Joe Kenyon's yeomamy force ten shil lings and one shilling costs. The Light Fantastic Toe.— Business in the Pub lic line being now a species of 'private retirement, more particularly in the back suburbs of Parramatta! it requires some extra powerful excitement beyond the one to be produced by rum and brandy to draw people in to the Hostelire, and therefore several hosts have provided the dulcets sounds a of violin to aid them in the collection of the Tipplers. It may be a fiddle-de-de method of business ; but n'importe if it scrapes cash together. On the previous evening the Three Graces, Margaret Teer, Margaret Cain, and Eliza Davis, all ticket-of-leave, who now stood with very niobean aspect in the dock, lured by the sweet discoursing of the PagaUini Who did the wrist and elbow work for Mr. ThoiiiaS Blake, of Argyle -street, drbpt into the: Bakers' Arms " enpassant " aUd seeing a sort of Rigdumfunndo's going on, in a moment of delirious joy rushed in its. mazy whirls, and twirls, and by their footing it proved thems<3ves capable- "of great feats of agility. TWO 'iftiuutes'hfter warns; The " Fox" Who goes prowling about, also dropt 1 . we beg paT- don, we should have said appeared, for he has a most demon-like method of suddenly appearing When least of all wanted or 'expected, and like Banqno's Ghost, who, by the way, from his ghulish propensities, he very much resembles, broke up the assembly " with most admirable disorder." The said Fox being a man whose pedestals were not made for dancing, and more over, belonging to that class whom Shakespeare de scribes as the one "who are not fond of music," did not admire the recreation the ladies were engaged hi, and accordingly made a gallopade with them to the watch-house. The consequence ofthis, had not the aSsembledJusticiariesbeen ih ablandahd renientfraflne of temperament, the Graces would have become , in the Female Factory, graceless. HfoweVer, with a short but impressiye hint thhf rt capers were sometimCS' very they'-WSrfe discharged. " - > 