INSTRUCTIONS FOR CHEESE. MAKING. ?TILTON CHEESB. Stilton cheese has only been liur.oauceat since about the middle of the last century, It was' first made by Mrs. Paulet, who, —\a-a i'n'ihu M«Vton ouarter of Leices tershire, but who, beuigia.relation.ot tnef landlord of the Bell Inn, at Stilton, on the Great North Road, supplied his house with cheese of. such a/ singularly fine quality, that it becatn'« in demand beyondj tlie consumption of the house, and ,was then sold for as much as half-a crown a pound. It thus acquired the name of Stilton Cheese ; but the mode of making it having been discovered, it is now gene rally manufactured through all the neighbouring counties The sale is not only confined to Stilton, and much of what comes to market under that denomi nation is of a very inferior quality. Its richness depends, of course, both on the breed of cows employed, and ihe quality of the pasture on which they are fed, as well as upon the quantity of the cream used in the manufacture ; for, unless a large portion of this is added to the milk, the cheese will be deficient in all the essential qualities for .which it is cele brated. It is commonly made by putting the night's cream to the milk of the follow ing morning, with the rennet, great care being taken that the milk and the cream are thoroughly mixed together, and that they both have the proper temperature. The rennet also should be very pure and sweet. As soon as the milk is curdled, the whole of the curd; is takrp out, and put into a sieve gradually to drain, and is moderately pressed. It is then put into a case or box, of the form that it is in tended to be, for., on account of its rich ness, it would separate and fall to pieces were not this precaution adopted. It is afterwards turned every day on .dry boards, cloth-binders being tied round it, and which are gradually tightened as occasion may require. After it is re moved from the box or hoop, the cheese is closely bound with cloths, which are changed daily, until it becomes suffi ciently compact as to support itself. When these cloths are taken away, each cheese is rubbed over with a brush once every day, and if the weather is moist or damp, this is done twice for two or three months. 1 1 is occasionally powdered with flour, and plunged into hot water. This hardens the outer coat, and favours the internal fermentation, which.produces what is called the ripening of cheese. Some times it is made in a net like a cabbage net, which gives it the form of an acorn. Stilton cheeses are not sufficiently mel lowed for use until 'they are ' two years old, and are hot accounted to be in good order unless they are decayed, blue, and moist. It is said, but it is scarcely credible, that, in order to accelerate their maturity, it is no uncommon thing to place them in buckets, and cover these over withfiorse dung. There can he no doubt, however, that small pieces of moul dy cheese are of ten inserted into them by means of a taster, and that wine or ale is frequently poured over them. Large caulking pins are also stuck into them to produce the re quisite mouldiness. Much of this, how ever, is bad policy, for they are in the highest perfection when the inside becomes almost as soft as butter., and there is nq-t any mouldiness. ,v, % Wellington and Bonaparte. t- The Duke of Wellington, on his return from India, occupied the house in St. Helena which was assigned to Bonaparte on his being exiled there ; and subsequently the Duke, during the occupation of Paris by the allied troop's, occupied Bonaparte's palace, which gave rise to the following letter to Admiral Malcolm, who com manded at'.- 1. Helena. It is a literary curiosity,' and ought to shame idlers:— ' Paris, April 3, 1816. My dear Mal colm — I am very much obliged to you for Mr. Simpson's book, which I will read when I shall have a moment's.leisure. I am glad you have taken the command at St. Helena, and upon which I con gratulate you. We must never be idle, if we can avoid it. You may tell ' Bony' that I find his apartments at the Ely see Bpurbpn very convenient, and | that I hope he likes mine at iNJ r. Malcolm's. It is a droll sequel enough to the. affairs ot Eu rope' that we should change places of reside nee.—! am yours most sincerely, WELLiNGTpN!~Rear Admiral Sir P. Mal colm,' Loud Ellenbohough akd General NoTTV-T-Wtien the. ceremony, . at Feroze pore, was over, Major General Sir William Nott went, after breakfast, to call on Lord Kllenborough ; and not having been ad mitted, he was going away, on leaving his card. Lord Ellenborough sent after and brought him back ; and while Nott was standing in the tent, up came s me p-.e, and shook him warmly by both hands, saying, 'I am delighted to see you, General Nott. This is on.e, of the happiest moments of my life.' Nott looked at him from right to left, but could riot recognise, him, as he replied, 'Really, I am very glad to see you, whoever you !are; but four years' absence from India !have so changed the Jfaces of my old ' friends that at this moment I do not remember you.'. 'Never mind, I am lone of your friends— I am Lord Ellen boroiigh.'— £'j tract of a Utter from India. Cask of Conscience.— An individual wrote a letter to the Exchequer office, saying, that although he returned his income-tax ' correctly on his ostensible, business, 'y'etT that he was, extensively engaged in smuggling; . and as his returns 'from that source were very, great, he bad it. on his conscience, not to ;have, made apy ireturn of that, and he» therefore, inclosed, as the amount of threcy ears' tox., fourteen thousand p vndx! bvery effort has been, made to discover the conscientious' con-, trabahdist, hut hitherto ,' without effect. The fact, may be relied, on.-r-.Svffulk, Herald. ? Brief Memoiii of O'Connell.— Daniel 6'Connell was born on the 6th of 'August, 1775,,at Carheri/hear'Caherci - veen, in the barony of Inveragh, and county of Kerry — the very year in which British oppression forced the American; people to seek for security in arms, and, commenced that bloody struggle hy which! they established their national inde pendence. His father was Nlr. Morgan o'Counell pf Carhen, who was married.tp! Catherine, daughter to Mr. John O'Mul-. lane of Whited Church, in the county of| Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donoughes (dhuv,) or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Cpn nell was educated on the Continent,' partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain he had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (the law) in England, for. to use his own words, ' when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not pre* pared to receive him.' Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to the Irish Bar, in Easter Term, 1796, Mr. O'Connell married on the 3rd June, 1802, his relative, Mary, the daughter of Mr. Edward O'Connell, M. D., of Tralee ; he. succeeded his father in 1809, and in 1825, by the death of his uncle Maurice O'Connell, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knight of the Cross of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and Colonel of the late 6th Regiment of the Irish Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator ; he died on the. 9th July, 1.833, at Meudon, near Blois, in France ; he was the youngest of twenty-*- two children by one marriage, of whom one-half lived to the age of ninety nine, at which age this venerable patriot died; he was born in August, 1734, at Derrynane, the residence of his father, Mr. Daniel O'CpnnelJ.— Lirfierich Re porter. 