ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Royal Carriage for the Birmingham Rail) says-The directors of the London, and Birmingham Railway, in contemplation of her most gracious Majesty's patronage, -some time since commenced the erection of a saloon carriage for the use of the Queen, which the projected visit to the northern counties has somewhat unexpectedly called into service, the coup d'oeil of which far exceeds anything of the kind before attempted. The interior of the carriage forms a splendid saloon of fifteen feet long by seven wide, fitted up as a drawing room; the lining is of a light blue figured satin, and the decorations are in the Louis Quartorze style, combining convenience and ease with the highest possible degree of excel Hence. There is a novelty about the design of this carriage which cannot fail to excite admiration. By the ingenious arrangement of an elegant curtain, near the centre of the saloon, a division is made by which two distinct apart- ments can be formed. To obviate the inconvenience of passing through the tunnels in darkness, a ground glass lamp is inserted in each end of the carriage, both of which are under the control of a guard, who will turn on the light as the train enters the tunnel. The temperature of the carriage is governed by a ventilator inserted in the centre of the roof, which can be opened or shut at pleasure, and a proper degree of heat is kept up by means of hot water pipes, which circulate in every direction under the carnage. The exterior is surmounted by a magnificent regal crown, carved and elaborately gilt, which has the effect of imparting a most finished appearance to the design. Windsor, A very elegant set of harness has been manufactured by the saddler to His Royal Highness Prince Albert for the two beautiful milk-white foreign goats, which have been trained for double harness by Mr. Dennis, in the service of the Queen, and intended to draw the tastefully and lightly constructed carriage recently completed for their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and the infant Princesses. These goats, which are of an extraordinary size, were selected for the use of the Royal Family from Prince Albert's rare and peculiar breed in the Great Park, and are now domiciled in the Royal mews. They were taken to the strand entrance in the quadrangle of the Castle fully caparisoned, for the inspection of Her Majesty and the Prince, who were much pleased with their elegant and novel appearance. This perfectly unique turn- out will be appropriated exclusively for the airing of the infant Royal Family in the slopes and private grounds of the residence of the Sovereign. Sir William Hamilton A pension of £200 a-year has been granted to Sir Wm. Hamilton, Professor of Astronomy and President of the Royal Irish Academy. This mark of Royal favour, rather than of bounty, has been conferred in such a manner as greatly to enhance the value of the gift; the mode in which the communication was conveyed to the learned professor, by His Excellency the Earl de Grey, is remarkable for everything that good taste and right feeling could combine gratify- ing to the individual and complimentary to the country. William Seguier, Esq. This gentleman (so well known in the world of art,) died at Brighton on the 5th of November. He was keeper of the National Gallery, manager of the British Institution, and connected more or less with every great picture-gallery in England, either by having been consulted in their formation, or having been engaged in selecting works for their enrichment. No man has had so much, influence within the period of our knowledge ; his opinion being sought on almost every occasion where the government or eminent patrons of art had to exercise a judgment upon the productions of the easel. The Limerick Reporter has just published the following brief memoir of Mr. Daniel O'Connell Daniel O'Connell was born on the 6th of August, 1775, at Carlton, near Caherciveen, in the barony of Iveragh, and County of Kerry-the very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and commenced that bloody struggle by which they established their national independence. His father was Mr. Morgan O'Connell, of Carlien, who was married to Catherine, daughter of Mr. John O'Mullane, of Whited church, in the county of Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donouges (draw) or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Connell was educated on the Continent, partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain he had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, " when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not prepared to receive him." Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to the Irish bar, in Easter Term, 1796. Mr. O'Connell married, on the 3rd of June, 1862, his relative, Mary, daughter of Mr. Edward O'Connell, M.D., of Tralee. He succeeded his father in 1839, and in 1825. by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knight of the Cross, of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and Colonel of the late 6th regiment of the Irish Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator; he died on the 9th of July, 1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in France ; he was the youngest of twenty two children by one marriage, of whom one-half lived to the age of 99, at which age this venerable patriot died ; he was born in August, 1784, at Derrynane, the residence of his father, Mr. Daniel O'Connell. The following marriage, which appeared in a Dublin paper, is in its way a curiosity : " Married in this city, by the Rev. Mr. Lapham, Mr. Francis Ffrench Rush, eldest son of the late Mr. Ambrose Lynch Bush, Cloonkeelv, county Galway, nephew to Mr. Francis Ffrench, Killane, county Mayo, and grand nephew to the late Sir Edward Lynch, of Cadiz, and near cousin to Lord Viscount Netterville, to Margaret Georgiana, second daughter of the late George Taaffe, Grange, county Roscommon, who was nearest relative in this country to Lord Viscount Taaffe, now in Germany, niece to the late Mr. Thomas Redington, llyehill, county Galway, cousin to Mr. Thomas N. Redington, M P., the Countess of Charlemont, Lady Ffrench, and the late Countess of Leitrim." Mechanism of a Pianoforte We find that in one of Messrs. Broadwood's most approved six-and-a-half-octave pianofortes the mechanism connected with the "action" consists of about three thousand eight hundred pieces of ivory, ebony, cedar, sycamore, lime-tree, mahogany, beef-wood, oak, pine, iron, brass, lead, cloth, felt, leather, and vellum. Every one of these has to be fashioned with the most scrupulous exactness, and as scrupulously adjusted to its place. Many of the pieces are not more than a quarter of an inch square, some even less. The qualities of all the varieties of wood are closely studied, in order to determine their particular aptitude for the different parts. One kind is preferred, because slender rods made of it will not warp ; another kind, because the grain is straight; a third, because it is hard and smooth ; a fourth, because it is soft and smooth and so on. Some of the rods are as much as three feet long, and only a sixth or a seventh of an inch in thickness. Fraudulent Applications of Scientific Dis- coveries Some of the " smart " philosophers across the Atlantic have been applying the daguerreotype and the electrotype to the purposes of forgery and coming. The notes of the Cincinnatti Bank have been daguerreotype and engraved with such accuracy that the forged notes and the genuine cannot be distinguished. The dollars have been electro typed, and the voltaic castings filled with a metal that is said to " ring " even more like silver than the genuine coin. Between the forgeries and the counterfeits Jonathan stands in a " regular fix." Coppering Ships by Galvanism-A patent has recently been granted for applying the electrotype process to coppering the ships. The inventor proposes to float the vessels in a dock containing a saturated solution of sulphate of copper, and by means of a powerful voltaic battery, to deposit a coating of copper on the wood, which must be previously rubbed over with plumbago to cause the metal to adhere. Assuming that sufficient electric force could be obtained to effect the deposition of the copper on so large a surface, the project is practicable, but the expense would prevent its adoption unless the requisite quantity of electricity be generated at much less cost than by the present plans. The cost of the zinc consumed in exciting voltaic batteries has operated as a serious drawback on all attempts to form copper utensils by the electrotype process, which at first threatened to throw all coppersmiths and workers in metal out of employ. If that difficulty can be overcome by a cheap mode of exciting electricity, there appears nothing to prevent the deposition of metal vessels, in lieu of manufacturing them and not only may ships be coppered by the process, but metal ships themselves might be constructed in the same manner, without any labour whatever. The following vivid description of a night chase at sea, by a naval writer in the United Service Journal, will be read with interest. A ship, under all sail, believed to be an enemy is descried:-" We immediately gave chase, and made the night signal as soon as possible. As, however, it remained unnoticed, and no signal was made in return, the drum beat to quarters, and a very few minutes sufficed to have the ship ready for action. Although the chase, when first seen, was not far from us, and we neared her pretty fast, as she was right ahead, and moving from us under all sail as fast as she could we did not get within hail of her for nearly half an hour, affording leisure for serious thought and n election. And, certainly, after the bustle and excitement attendant upon a sudden call to quarters is over-when the guns are all cleared and laid, and everything at quarters is now in its proper place when expectation and anxiety, by the protracted chase, are raised to a painful degree and a silence, a stillness almost breathless, only broken at times by a whispered order from a Lieutenant giving some necessary direction, succeeds to hurried pre- paration own I have felt, at such a time, a thrilling solemnity, approaching to awe which I never knew when the broad clear day gave light to such scenes. Then the dusky figures of the sailors with arms bared, and heads and loins girded for the strife, or their hats ornamented with pieces of oakum, twisted hard for years, appeared of larger proportions, as seen by the doubtful light; and as, with folded arms and bent determined brown, they Cass from time to time, with silent step, between you and the fighting lanterns, whose feeble rays scarce serve to penetrate the gloom the whole offers a picture not unworthy the painter's art." 