LONDON DESTITUTION, ROGUERY, AND DEMORALIZATION IN 1843. A series of articles has lately appeared in the Times newspaper upon the distress which is more than ever manifest in ail parts of our teeming metropolis, and the result has been that contributions and letters have poured so fast into the Times office that the editors have found it necessary to state that the urgency and multiplicity of their avocations alone prevents them from undertaking the office of public almoners. 1 hus, then, it appears there is no lack of feeling and humane people ready to assist the distressed, but the great dif ficulty appears to be to provide one general channel into which the benevolent may safely pour their donations for the miserable beings who are literal'v starving with cold and hunger. That physical suffering leads to mora1 depravity there can be litte doubt, and one of the most loathsome and horrible pages in the history of the times is to be found at the minor tribunals of the coun try. Crimes of the deepest dye, misery of the most ap palling nature, pass before the eye of the reader of the nolice reports, surpassing even those crimes, which we find recorded in the higher courts of justice, for many sins of the darkest hue are not amenable to the laws of man, and the poverty which occasions them seems to blind the belief that they are known to the eye of God. Crimes attempted and committed under the very obser vation of the authorities, death from starvation under ♦he very eye of relieving officers, prostitution forced by the husband on his wife, have lately been brought to light at the police- offices, and, in almost all cases, want of absolutely a loaf of bread to sustain physical existence has been the immediate and undoubted cause. That such a state of things can last in civilised England ap pears almost impossible to those who by circumstances are removed from witnessing the sufferings of the un fortunate classes beneath them ; and most cordially do we offer our congratulations to the powerful journal which has paused in its stern political course to arouse the attention of the affluent to the want which is fester ing in the very core of the community. The following admirable passage we quote from an article iu the jour nal already mentioned, which proves not only the desire to effect some dec»ded step towards the amelioration of the poor, but also that the writer knows the danger of indulging sympathy without listening to the dictation of positive charity. It is so easy to say, " Poor crea ture, what distress," and to wrap your cloak closer round you and pass on, laying the pleasant unction to your soul that your tender pity is a positive virtue. Better, a thousand times, to have growled forth a curse and given a sixpence:— . ' ** From the letters which we have already published on the sub ject of destitution in the metropolis, and from others which we have received on the same subject, but for which we have no space, we are glad to find a confiimatiou of our opinion that the want of acthe beneficence on the part of the rich towards the poor is to be attributed in some measure to the dissociation of the two classes—to the fact that the shocking state of want in which thousands upon thousands in (his vast province of build ings drag out a miserable existence, within the sight and sound ol constant luxury and enjoyment, is not farced on the notice of those wno "have enough and to spare." The notoriety which that state has now attained has, we rejoice to think, called forth the sympathy of many possessed of ample means to afford effectual relief where it is so urgently required ; but sympathy alone is worth nothing; sympathy which does not lead to active beneficence is, in fact, a positive evil, for it not only leaves the poor in the same wretched state as before it was excited, hut its indulgence without consequent action tends to harden the hearts of those who entertain it, by rendering them contented with the mere sentimentality of compassion, deadening their perception of the distinction between benevolence and beneficence, between the theory and the practice of charity, and gradually, if not ra pidly, bringing them to be perfectly contented with yielding to what becomes at last nothing better than a mere amiable weak ness. For humanity's sake, for England's good name, and for our peace of oonscience, now the severe weather has commenced, now we know of the corroding evil which exists, let heart, hand, and pocket be enlisted towards lightening the horrors which a winter will surely bring to our poor fellow-countrymen. Even now, at a com paratively mild season, the parks nightly contain up wards of fifty destitute wretches, of all ages, without friends and food, who lie on the ground, under the windows of neighbouring palaces. Of these the ma jority are young girls, who have been seduced from the country by the soldier, and turned loose on the world in all the destitution of friendless penury, and all the recklessness of early vice.—Atlas, 28th October. The metropolis swarms at present with vagabonds, sturdy beggars, cheats, and impostors. They infest it in every part, and their tricks are carried on with great dexterity. The most surprising thing is, the extraor dinary assurance with which they imitate the style and manner of persons of rank. The scoundrels who dupe tradesmen and lodging-house keepers, under the mask of being foreign noblemen," are generally born fo reigners. The English rogues seldom, if ever, fly at such high game; but the lowest-horn Frenchman or Italian assumes all the airs and pretensions of the aris tocracy with the greatest coolness and success. A man and woman, who were lately sentenced to transporta tion for extensive frauds committed under the names of the Count and Countess Noitles, belonged to the lowest classes of the Parisian population. The credulity of London tradesmen is most obstinate ; their respect for anything like "title" is not only inveterate,but amounts to absolute veneration. If any dashing scoundrels or female scamps only drive up to their shops in a carriage, and exhibit a sufficient quantity of rings and eye-glasses, they may pillage the whole city, and absolutely gut it of all the stock on hand amongst the retail dealers. No experience seems to be sufficient to make them suspect men or women, at ease in their assumption of the man ners of the privileged classes, and who drive up to their doors in an equipage—which can be hired for one guinea per day ! Then there are those ravenous birds of prey that infest, the great metropolis—those advertising money lenders and bill discounters—the sharks that are ever on the watch to catch the unwary, and to pander to the debauchery and extravagance of young men of expectations, by lending them occasional sums of money upon their bills and bonds, payable when they come of age, and other well-known kinds of acknowledged secu rities ; and it is the business, not only of the judicial bench and of the public press, but of every good citizen, to use their best endeavours to destroy the nests of such vermin, and to cleanse the country from such vile im purity. Reverend rogues are not over scarce or curious. Street impostors are a most numerous class, and one vagabond in particular, who appears in a sailor's garb, with a couple of children very neatly dressed in glazed hats, and otherwise equipped to represent the offspring of our blue jackets, deserves to be specially marked. He has changed these children several times within a couple of years, discharging those on hand when they outgrow his purpose, and taking another brace in their room whenever he can agree upon profitable terms. Whether the " mind's eye " be directed to the drawing room of the peer, the counting room of the money dealer, the saloon of the foreigner, or the cellar of the destitute, vice stalks broadly and unblushingly through them all, revelling in her power, and holding virtue, if not in contempt, at least in broad defiance.—London Journal of Commerce. What can be a greater insult to the moral and com mon sense of the people than the spectacle which pre sents itself to every one who walks down St James's street ? Enter that street from Piccadilly, and the Palace of the Queen in your front is surpassed in mag nificence by the pile on your right-hand. Do you inquire what it is ? Every man in the metropolis, from the Queen's Prime Minister to the policeman on duty, and from the policeman on duty to the beggar who sweeps the crossing, can tell you that it is, and has for many years been, the principal and most notorious " hell" in London—the place where more noblemen and legislators have been depraved, more ancient and ho nourable families ruined, more individuals fitted to adorn high stations plunged into irretrievable dishonour and misery, than in any other spot -tvithin the four seas. "Not to know this, argues.yourself unknown." Pro ceed a little farther, and you come to another stately mansion, with a "pervius usus," not of any " limen caecaeque fores," but of a large and highly-decorated doorway, with lamp-posts in the most ambitious style of cast-iron architecture. This is "hell the second"—the " Junior St James's Club-house"—the lordtrap of Mr Bond. The character of this house, as well as of the other, has long been notorious to the world. But when did policeman ever set his foot within either of these sanctuaries of corruption ? When did Attorney-Gene ral prosecute, or Royal proclamation threaten, them ? Have not the very men who frequented and supported them, and who were beggared by them, been suffered (perhaps on account of the very indigence thus brought on) to pocket the Queen's wages, and fill high offices of state ? We speak not of the present moment, nor of the acts of one political party rather than another; the facts, however, of which we speak, are generally noto rious, and cannot be denied, Political, no less man moral, wisdom prompts the suppression of these prac tices and places, especially when those whom they corrupt are members of the aristocracy. Experience warrants the observation made by an ancient historian, that there is no worse citizen, no more unprincipled poli tician, no more dangerous legislator, than the aristocratic gamester. We believe also that a very large proportion of the blemishes which from time to time show them selves in the personal character of our own aristocracy, and throw dishonour upon the institution, are attribut able to this source.—Times. The wisdom by which Agur was guided when he prayed for the " liappy mean" between great riches and great poverty, receives almost daily and hourly illustra tion from the scenes passing around us in this vast metropolis. In but too many instances, the effect of immense wealth is seen in the production of " fulness," and practical denial of the authority of Him with whom is no respect of persons; and as frequently the opera tion of extreme poverty is exhibited in the crimes com mitted under its grinding pressure. The ground on which Agur deprecated want.—"lest I be poor and steal,"—was forcibly brought to our recollection by a case which, a few days since, was presented at the Lam beth-street Police-office. A wretched-looking woman, named Biddell, with—as the report states—" a squalid, half-starved infant at her breast," was charged with having unlawfully pawned some articles of wearing apparel which she had been employed to make up for a slopseller named Moses, on Tower-hill. She did not deny the charge, but stated that she was compelled, to pledge a part of her work when it was finished, to en able her to go on with the remainder, and to buy bread for herself and her two children.* If this were an isolated case, however distressing in itself, it might not be en titled to the attention which it has received , from the daily press; but, unhappily, this woman is only the * The particulars of this case were given in the last number of the Observer, amongst the English nevrs. representative of a very large class of females similarly circumstanced. The magistrate (Mr Henry) observed, that " the affair was one of very common occurrence in that part of the metropolis, these people being actually compelled by want of the means of subsistence to pawn their work,'' adding that " he did not like to send the unfortunate creatures to prison, though strictly speaking he was bound to do so." The disclosures thus made of the existence and extent of wretchedness and oppres sion, even in the heart of a metropolis whose claims to civilization and Christianity are so loudly trumpeted forth, are well calculated to surprise and shock every well- regulated mind. We have heard of the cruelties inflicted under the impulse of the " auri sacra fames" in some mines and .factories; but many who have sickened over those revolting details have had little sus picion of the miseries continually resulting from the operations of the selfish principle in London itself. Recently, however, facts have been elicited which speak on the subject with a power that would only be enfeebled by comment. With reference to the great milliner)' and dress-making establishments, for instance, it has been ascertained, that a system of grinding exaction, not less severe than that of the slop-sellers, is but too general, aud that the arrangements in many of the fashionable concerns are such as to exercise the most deadly influence on the physical and moral well-being of the hapless workers. "In proportion to the numbers employed"—says the report of the Children's Employ ment Commission—" there are no occupations, with one or two questionable exceptions, such as needle-grinding, in which so much disease is produced as in dress making, or which present so fearful a catalogue of dis tressing and frequently fatal maladies. It is a serious aggravation of all this evil, that the unkindness of em ployers very frequently causes these young persons, when they become unwell, to conceal their illness, from the fear of being sent out of the house. Some of the principals are so cruel as to object to the young women obtaining medical assistance."—" Some witnesses men tion that they have for three months successively worked twenty hours out of the twenty-four." " It is the com mon practice, on particular occasions, such as drawing rooms, wedding or mourning orders, for the work to be continued all night. One witness worked continually, without going to bed, from four o'clock on Thursday morning, to half-past ten on Sunday morning." The work-rooms examined by the commissioners were "with a few exceptions, too small for the number of workers, nor were any efficient means of ventilation provided." " The sleeping-rooms are often crowded and confined. 'One medical man speaks of having seen five young persons in one bed, in an attic." " In some houses, no meals except breakfast are provided on Sunday for the apprentices, improvers, &c.; A case is stated of a young person who walked about the streets all day, in conse quence of being denied a dinner at her employer's. As no distinction is made in favour of those who have no friends in London, such treatment is likely to lead to the greatest moral evil." Such are specimens of the hardships endured by not less than Fifteen Thousand females in London alone, and in this single line of busi ness,—and which issue so necessarily from the system, that some conscientious principals declared their in ability materially to improve the condition of their workers. Their lady-customers postpone their orders to the latest possible period that they may avail them selves of the newest fashion, and then urge the utmost expedition in the performance of them, that they may be amongst the first to exhibit the novel mode. Too frequently, however, the unavoidable hardship is griev ously aggravated by the heartless rapacity of the heads of the establishments. To adopt the energetic language of the author of The Perils of the Nation, who has sketched these and kindred evils with a bold and faith ful pencil,— "To force the greatest possible amount of labour from the least possible number of labourers, is the one governing maxim; and how would the fashionable lady loathe the costume that she most delights in, were the tears, the life- blood of the poverty stricken sempstress employed by her artiste in the details of its embroidery, and in the combination of iis shapely proportions, made visible upon its surface; or, far more, could she there read the tale of ruin, temporal and eternal, to which the miserable sister of her nature is doomed, to swell the gains of a calculating directress! These things are: to be wilfully ignorant of them, or to know that they exist and to take no decided step towards putting them away from before the eyes of the Lord God of Sabaoth, is a matter between the English lady and Him to whom she must give account, when all these glittering vanities have passed away, and nothing remains of them, but what is recorded in those books out of which the dead shall be judged." While there is so much wild and reckless speculation, so much competition and under-selling, and so much headlong ardour in the pursuit of wealth, on the part of many tradesmen—and while the necessitous circum stances of the poor render so many females willing, and even anxious to accept the hard and ill- requited em ployment which holds out flu alternative to a life of shame and sin, such occurrences, it may be feared, must take place. But what a calamitous state of things does it expose to view! We are told on infallible authority —" Men do not despise a thief if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry." (Prov. vi. 30.) True, the law does not and cannot hold him guiltless, as is clearly implied in the next verse ; but a feeling of pity for the destitution of the thief mingles not improperly with condemnation of the theft. But a heavy weight of re sponsibility rests on those who . thus grind the faces .of the poor. The demand—" a fair day's wages for a fair day's work"—however it may.be abused by Chartists and revolutionists, has its foundation in the plainest dictates of common-sense and equity ; but, unhappily, there are too many employers whose constant study is how to obtain the maximum of labour at the minimum of outlay, without considering or caring how much wretched nesh may be endured by those from whose toils and sufferings they acquire affluence. However we may re joice in every indication of reviving commercial pros perity, we cannot consider the country in a safe state, so long as the selfish principle exercises so wide a sway, and the land is so extensively pervaded by the idolatry of mammon- worship.—Watchman, 1st Nov., 1843. . It appears that the exhibition of profane publications and of indecent books and prints is suffered not only in low neighbourhoods, but the most public thoroughfares of the metropolis. A correspondent of the Times, under date of the 29th of October, says, Passing this morning through Holywell-street, Strand, my attention was arrested by seeing a number of persons, including women and yoath, gazing at a shop-window which was filled with atheistical works of every description : placards whereon "the holy name of God was the subject of the most disgusting and brutal remarks—the Redeemer denominated as ' the Baby God," the Holy Ghost, " a Pigeon," "an Adulterer," and "a Seducer." Illustrations descriptive of Scripture history, pur loined from the Bible and other religious works, were placed in the window, with (amongst numerous others too horrible to mention) such remarks as the following:—The Deluge:—The Jew God's Mercy. Eve and the Serpent:—The Jew God tempt ing Eve. The Nativity:—Christ, the Baby God. The Annun ciation :—The Pigeon God seducing Mary. A representation of an Indian Deity destroying a human being has written under it—"It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God." On inquiry, says the Family Herald, we have learned that the number of obscene prints and publications sold to hawkers who are in the habit of paying their perio dical visits to the numerous schools, both boys' and girls', in the neighbourhood of London, is enormous. "It is plain that unless there were a demand somewhere, the supply would soon cease : and it behoves those to whose care and superintendence the education of our rising generation is intrusted, to exert a double vigi lancc that the morals of those to whom they stand in the place of parents are not contaminated, and all their best principles undermined by the perusal of works, some of them—for which, particularly, we are indebted to our French neighbours—compiled with consummate ability and most seducing eloquence, whose only object is to gloss over the hideousness of vice, and to pamper and strengthen the most degrading appetites of our nature. The idea that the purity of the daughters of our land should be contaminated by the sight of such publications as we allude to, is sufficient to arouse, one would think, every energy of the fathers and brothers of those exposed to the danger, to cast away from among tis the unclean thing; and when once those energies are in good earnest awakened, some cogent legislative enactment would soon put an end to the evil. And what is to prevent such a law from being passed at once ? Why, we sincerely believe that no single oppo nent would be found in either House of Parliament to a proposition to attach such criminal penalties to the dis graceful traffic as must entirely put a stop to it, care being of course taken not to include in the penalties publications which do not come legitimately within the censure ; and that no one would be found bold enough to raise on such an occasion the cuckoo-cry of the liberty of the press being endangered. That there is some fla grant deficiency either in the framing or the manner of carrying into effect the enactments of the law as it stands, no one who walks through our streets,and com pares the number of the open violations of it now with what they were but a few years back, will, we should think deny. The fact is, that as the French police have been more active in ridding their capital of these pests of society, so have their numbers and boldness increased with us,—" Jampridem Syrus in Tiberim defluxt Oron- tes and not contented with our own more manly faults, we are to be inundated with the effeminate and most degrading vices of our neighbours. A number of gentlemen connected with different societies in the metropolis for the protection of women, have had their attention powerfully called to the de ficiency of the law, which permits a set of the vilest miscreants upon the face of the earth to pursue, as a trade, the destruction of young, giddy, and helpless women, and children ; and having expressed, in the form of resolutions, their views upon the subject, they have held a conference with Lord Brougham, with a view to some steps being taken to bring the subject be fore Parliament. Lord Brougham entered very warmly into the objects which the deputation proposed, and it was agreed that a petition to the House of Lords should be prepared, stating some of the enormities of this dia bolical trade, which his Lordship would give notice of hiB intention to present, in order to raise a preliminary discussion upon the subject, which he did not doubt would be taken up warmly by some distinguished mem hers of the Upper House. He would then move for a committee of inquiry, which he saw no reason to sup pose would not be readily granted. Pending the dis closures of such inquiry we may quote one disgusting instance from the columns of the times. A brutal debauchee, says the Editor, aftier exhausting the more vulgar artifices of seduction. has at length resorted to the scheme of replying to the advertisements inserted by governesses who are in want of situations. 'Our correspondents inform us that the fellow has thus suc- ceeded in introducing himself to, many ladies, under the pretence of engaging them as governesses in his family but that the timely caution which has been given them the inquiries which have been made, effectually foiled his purpose. No terms ought to be kept with man who compasses any object by fraud and falsehood; but when fraud and falsehood are employed against women, and the most helpless and unprotected, women on God's earth—domestic governesses—we fear that exposure is too trivial a penalty to enforce; for the man who dreads exposure retains the virtue of a blush ; but what virtue can be expected from the man who sees in youth only an object of lust, and in friendliness nothing but a help to its gratification? "A Father of Five Daughters," says—" A young lady offered herself as governess in a gentleman's family, and was replied to by a note purporting to be from a lady residing in a square at Chelsea. The advertiser called on this solici tation, when she saw only a coarse-tongued man, who passed for her husband, and who apologized for the absence of his wife, who was, he said, ill in bed. He obtained her private address, and within the succeeding week made six calls, following her from one friend's house to another, and wrote as many letters, to induce her to take the situation he had to offer. She is a young, handsome, and accomplished girl, of 18 years of age, but fortunately, not unprotected. I find that the same importunity has occurred towards several other young ladies, and that one was warned from his door at the very moment when she was alighting with her luggage; and at the time when he urged an engagement on the young lady on whose behalf I am interested, he had so far succeeded with another as to have made terms which would have introduced her to his house in the course of a few days, but for the activity of those inquiries which I have deemed it requisite to make— inquiries which his neighbours are almost daily called upon to answer about the same fellow. He also states himself to have taken a residence in Connaught-terrace, that he is related to distinguished families, has abun dance of means at his command, &c.;" Another letter, signed " A Governess," states as follows:—" 1 inserted an advertisement in The Times, desiring a re-engage* ment in a gentleman's family as a governess, and re ceived in reply several letters; amongst the number, one appointing me to wait upon the writer the follow ing morning at his residence. Upon arriving there, I was much surprised at the general appearance of the house, the door being answered by a man between 30 and 40 years of age, who showed me into a darkened room. After his making the necessary inquiries as to age, qualifications, salary, &c.;, he informed me that his two daughters were then absent, and that his wife was confined to her bed. From a degree of familiarity in his manner I became anxious to quit the house; ob serving which, he begged me to call again in a few days for a final answer, when I should see his wife. These suspicious circumstances caused me to make in quiries concerning him in the neighbourhood, and I was informed that he was residing in the house by him self, and that it was supposed he answered every adver tisement from ladies requiring governesses' situations, for the most debased of purposes, from the large num ber of females of respectable appearance daily calling upon him: which supposition (in my opinion) has been fully confirmed by his again answering another adver tisement of mine. 1 have this day seen two ladies who were yesterday deluded to his dwelling by the same means, but who, like myself most happily, escaped his base intentions." 