Varieties. The Infallible Editor. — 'Sir, your journal of yesterday contained false infor- mation.' 'Impossible, sir ! — but tell me what you allude to.' 'You said that Mr. M. had been tried.' 'True.' 'Con- demned.' ' Yery true.' 'Hung.' 'Most true.' 'Now, sir, I am the gentleman himself.' 'Impossible!' I assure you it is a fact; and now I hope that you will contradict what you have alleged.' 'By no means, sir ; I never retract. The most that I can do for you is, to announce that the rope broke, and that you are now in perfect health. I have principles, sir; it is said of me that I never deceive.' An Old-fashioned Drawing Room. — Barbara followed Lady Betty into the drawing room. A cheerless, stiff, un- comfortable circle were sitting round on strait-backed chairs ; and two servants, as grim as ghosts, in gorgeous liveries, were handing little cups of chocolate to the assembled party. Lord Castemaine was seated at the head of the room, thoughtfully listening to Mrs. McCon- neck's agitated details. Amy and Judy were near him. The rest of the circle consisted of those sort of people that one sees everywhere and remembers nowhere — dry old men made expressly to fit into a dinner table — persons who always talk and are never listened to. The genera- tion is not extinct : on the contrary, there is an express revival of this particular species, who belong to every age, every civilized country, and are alike invited and forgotten. The circle was complete — not a segment broken; and the ladies discreetly, all sat on one side, the gen- tlemen on the other. All were stately, dull, and uncomfortable. People did not understand drawing room comfort in those days ; they seemed to think it quite enough to sit down and give their friends seats. To sit ! — Heavens! what ideas of formal misery, the mere idea of those strait chairs presents! There was no tea to warm the circle ; only thimblefuls of chocolate, and on the whole, after re- viewing that which was in such times called a social evening, one feels no surprise that our grandfathers sat half the day in summer-houses or arbours, in wrapping gowns and velvet night-caps. They were either in a state of indolent untidiness, or braced up, bewigged, and bedizened to the agony point of frenzy. — The White Mask. A Learned Mayor. — During the reign of King James the II., when the king was much disliked for his oppression, and the number of taxes imposed upon the people, his majesty, in the progress of a tour, stopt at Sudbury, in Suffolk, when the corporation resolved to address him ; but as the mayor did not possess much literature, it was settled the town clerk should be his prompter. Being introduced to the presence, the town clerk whispered to the trembling mayor, 'Hold up your head and look like a man.' His worship, mistaking this for the begin- ning of a speech, repeated aloud to the King, 'Hold up your head, and look like a man.' 'The town-clerk, in amaze, again whispered him, 'What do you mean by this, sir?' The mayor, in the same manner repeated, 'What do you mean by this, Sir ?' The town-clerk, alarmed, whispered still more earnestly, 'I tell you, Sir, you'll ruin us all.' The mayor, still imagining this to be part of his speech, concluded his matchless performance with, 'I tell you, Sir, you'll ruin us all.' A Bedouin Bridal. — We were inform- ed that the bride was safely boxed in the vehicle carried in the midst of her friends, but, that in order to manifest a due reluctance to quit the virgin state, it was requisite that she should be forcibly car- ried off by her future husband, after a proper degree of resistance had been manifested by the escort. No sooner had she reached the centre of the square, than the bridegroom with his adherents — some on foot and others mounted — approached from an opposite direction, and a scene of tumult occurred which it is difficult to imagine. The music (if such it could be called) struck up a louder livlier tune, swords were brandished, and amidst shouts and yells, under the dis- charge of musketry, the opposing parties — horse and foot— mingles in apparently deadly conflict, which ended in the defeat of the lady's party, who was then carried off in triumph by her amorous suitor. — Napier's Wild Sports. A Chinese Cricket Match. — We ac- companied our friend Quang through several very narrow streets, so very nar- row, indeed, that, happening to meet a mandarin in his kew, or sedan, we were obliged to stand close up with our backs to the houses at each side; and as he passed we could each have taken a small pull at his yellow nose. The streets in Canton are all very narrow. As it got dark, Quang led the way; his long black tail and dark dress giving him the appearance of a large tadpole. He went sideling on in front of us. We arrived at a low, narrow door, into which we stooped and squeezed ourselves, and, keeping close to his "tail," we soon found our- selves in a small room lit by three lan- terns as large as regimental double-drums, and of the same shape, and seven or eight oblate spheroids, which were dangled about in the hands of the gamester's at- tendants, and by some of the "sporting gentlemen" themselves, so anxious were they about the game "Tseng tow ke!" cried out conductor, which means "Clear the way!" But we checked his rudeness and declared we only came as visitors, and did not intend to bet. In the centre of the room was a round table ornamented round the edges with a richly carved ivory rim. In the centre of this table was a large porcelian bowl of a delicate white colour, veined and clouded with very pale tints of purple. Round this bowl were assembled some 15 or 20 chi- nese gentlemen, evidently in a anxious expectation and impatience. At opposite sides of the bowl stood two Chinese atten- dants, who acted as backers of the res- pective combatants, each being armed with a straw. The match was now or- dered to begin. Two other attendants immediately made their way through the crowd, each with a little carved ivory case having a gold top of open work like an aromatic scent-box. Out of the cases were produced two large crickets! These fighting insects are regularly trained for the contest by a variety of curious proces- ses. They are of a dusky colour, with strong legs and thighs, thick bodies, and broad bull head, and have mouths that bite like the front claw of a little crab. The combatants were placed at the same time on the inside surface of the bowl, and sliding down quickly came against each other head-foremost, with a dry crisp, cracking sound, But they imme- diately drew back, and began to manœu- ver in the air with their front legs. At sight of this, great applause was bestowed by the company. The gamesters, how- ever, soon became too impatient to bear with this display of "science," and the backers were ordered to make them go to work. Accordingly the backers advan- ced their straws, and stirred, and turned, and poked the crickets, till the creatures became so exasperated at what they evi- dently thought to be the strong provoca- tion given by each other, that they reared themselves on their hindmost legs, and danced and bit, and wrestled with their front legs, and pulled, and scratched, and rolled over and over, and jumped up and down, and slid about, and bled and foamed and pieces of skin and joints of legs were strewn quivering over the bottom of the bowl. The Chinese gentlemen were all excited to the highest degree. They also capered, and slid, and jumped up and down, and pulled, and scratched and squeaked and screamed, and frothed at the mouth, while their eyes were all like glittering beads. They betted for fly cakes (small black flies being baked in in these cakes by way of currants) ; but the thing hazzarded is only nominal, be- cause gambling for money is contrary to the laws. These nice cakes therefore mean money. I confess that I was at last so absurd as to become excited my- self as the fight went on, and made seve- ral bets of ten cakes, with the understan- ding that the cakes meant dollars. My friend Captain H., in order that I should not be "done," hedged all my bets. I felt certain as to which of the crickets would win ; for one of them had by this time no atom of wing left, and scarcely half a leg to stand upon, while the other had one ragged wing quite entire at the shoulder, and three good stumps of thighs. My bets had by this time amounted to one hundred dollars. Captain H., having carefully hedged to the same amount with different sporting gentlemen in the room. No sooner, however, had I made my bet of the last ten cakes, than the cricket which was reduced to a mere body, and which of course, I had betted against, bit the head of his adversary completely off. There lay the vanquished cricket, and there lay its head, with the mouth open- ing and shutting. I have not the slight- est idea how it was done. It all seemed fair enough ; and, I may add barbarous enough, as bad as our cock-fighting. But how did it happen that my cricket lost? Surely some blackleg long-tail must have done the deed with an invisi- ble pair of nippers. Howbeit, I paid the hundred dollars. Captain H. then went round the room laughing, to collect his bets, which would just have got the money back again ; when suddenly a servant rushed in as pale as ashes, and cried out that three mandarins and a troop of soldiers were about to surround the house. Down came the large lanterns from the ceiling — out went those in the hand — smash went the porcelian basin— and amidst the scrambling rush of the crowd, and the crashing of china under foot, I was routed about in the dark, first one way and then the other, till eventually I fought my way out into the street by some other door than the one at which I had entered, and fell over the prostrate body of Captain H., who was lying with his head in a broken lantern, but not hurt, with the exception of a few severe bruises. — Fraser's Magazine. Thoughts in Bed.— Happy is the man who can say, 'peace-giving bed.' For, oh what a rack to the spirit of man may be found in goose-down! You are in bed, peace giving bed, you say ; it is night, and in that solemn pause you seem to feel the pulse — to hear the very heart of time. You try to think of many things, but the spirit or demon of the bed sets up yourself before yourself — brings up your doings to the bar of your own conscience ; and what a set of scurvy gaol-birds may be found among them ; they peep in at your curtains, crowd in at the foot of your bed, and though you have no rushlight, you see their leering, sneaking faces. — Jerrold. Serpents' Skins. — Previous to the use of the inner bark of trees and of reeds, termed papyri, from the plant papyrus, which abounds on the shores of the river Nile, and other similar substances, the material adopted to receive inscriptions was the skins of serpents, collected by ingenious persons as they were cast off by the creature, or preserved when the serpent was offered at the alter in the sacrifices. Is has, moreover, been said, that the poems of Homer, on their being collected, possibly at first in detached parts from those who had committed the incidents to memory, were written on the skins of serpents — a practice adopted from the ancient Egyptians. Curious Wager — A gentleman lately took a bet that he would cause all the bells of a well-frequented tavern to ring at the same period without touching one of them, or even leaving the room. This he accomplished by turning the stop cock of the main gas pipe, and involving the whole inmates in instant darkness. A Jonathan. — A nigger, afflicted with stammering, being advised to take starch, in order that he might be clearly under- stood, took it in such large quantities that he became so stiff he could neither get his hands into his pocket, nor walk round a corner; and he was obliged to have his back bone taken out to enable him to get his boots off. The Founder of Rome. — An auction- eer, putting up an antique Roman hel- met for sale, told the company that he was informed, it had belonged to Romu- lus, the Roman founder, but whether he was a brass or iron founder he could not tell ? Characteristics of Women. — Chief among the characteristics of woman is that sweet motherly love with which na- ture has endowed her ; it is wholly remo- ved from all selfish hope of reward. In every corrupted nation of the earth, this feeling is the same. Climate, which changes everything else, changes not that. It is only the most corrupting forms of society which have power to make luxu- rious vice sweeter than the tender cares and toil of maternal love. In Greenland, when the climate affords no nourishment, the mother nourishes her child up to the fourth year of his life. She endures from him all the nascent indications of the rude and domineering spirit of man- hood with indulgent all-forgiving patience. The negress is armed with more than manly strength, when her child is attacked by savage beasts. We read with astonish- ing admiration, the examples of her matchless courage and contempt of dan- ger. But if death robs that tender mother, whom we are pleased to call a savage, of her best comfort — the charm and care of existence — where is the heart that can conceive her care and sorrow ? The Rose. — The Guebers believe, that when Abrahsm was thrown into the fire by Nimrod, the flame turned into a bed of roses. The Turks have an idea that it sprang from the perspiration of Mahomet, and they cause a rose to be sculptured on the monuments of all young women who die unmarried. The mytho- logical writers say that Apollo caused Rhodanthe, Queen of Corinth in conse- quence of her extreme beauty, to be changed into a rose. The first rose is said to have been given by the God of Love to Harpocrates, the God of Silence, to engage him to conceal the conduct of his mother Venus, and hence it was made the symbol silence. A rose was always placed above the heads of the guests in the banqueting hall, to banish restraint, and to denote, that nothing said there should be repeated elsewhere ; and hence originated the saying, sub roso, when a secret was to be kept, Rhodes is thought to owe its name to the immense quantity of roses which it produces. At Salreay, in France, a curious festival is kept up, called the festival of roses. A young girl is selected from among three of the most distinguished for female virtues; her name is announced from the pulpit ; she is afterwards conducted to the church to attend vesper service. She was formerly accustomed to open the ball at night with the signenr ; now a present is bestowed upon her, and she is called La Rosiere, because she is always adorned with roses. CONJUNCTIONS. — A conjunction, means literally, a union or meeting to- gether. An ill assorted marriage is a comical conjunction. But our con- junctions are used to connect words and sentences, and have nothing to do with the joining of hands. The Siamese twins formed a singular conjunction. A tin pot fastened to a dog's tail is a disagree- able conjunction to the animal. A happy pair is regarded as an uncommon conjunction. Conjunctions connect simi- lar moods and tenses or verbs, and cases of nouns and pronouns ; as "A coat of arms suspended on a wall is like an ex- ecuted traitor ; it is hanged, drawn, and quartered." Why is the letter Y like a young spendthrift ? — Because it makes Pa pay. Pa and Ma. — Why is the letter D like a squalling child ? — Because it makes Ma mad. 