SUPREME COURT-CIVIL SIDE. [FROM THE HOBART TOWN ' COURIER'] Monday, June 17 (Before Mr. Justice Montagu and a Special Jury.) W. M. Tennent J. J- Meaborn R. W. Nutt G. J- Margetti J. Beamont J. Barnard G. Watson H. White G. Hunt C Bilton R, Cleburne E Wilkinson RICHARDSON, 'WIDOW, v. ARMYTAGE. This was an action for slander, brought by Mrs. Eleanora Richardson, a lady of considerable personal attractions, the pro prietress of a school for young ladies (which, as is well known to most of our readers, was of high character) at Pont, ville, against Mr. George Armytage, a gentleman of considerable property in the same neighbourhood. Mr. Macdowell and Mr. Montagu were the counsel for the plaintiff; attorney, Mr. Pritchard. The Attorney and Solicitor General were the counsel for the defendant ; attorney, Mr. Pitcairn. Mr. Montagu opened the pleadings, the substance of which appeared to be as fol lows:— The declaration, afier the usual preparatory statement of the plaintiff's good character, and that she had always conducted herself with decorum, modesty, chastity, and propriety, and had for some time exercised the business or employ, ment of an instructress of children and schoolmistress ; and also alleging that she had been a governess in the family of the defendant, proceeded to allege the slan ders complained of in eight several counts The first count purported, that on the 18th November, 1843, a complaint was depending before the Magistretet at Brighton, against one Edward Piper, an assigned servant of the defendant, and that upon that occasion the defendant attended as a witness, and made a deposition containing the following words, which the declaration alleged to be "false, scandalous, and malicious" ' I did not withdraw my children from Mrs. Richardson's in consequence of what Piper told me ; I with, drew my children a long time previous to my hearing these circumstances from Piper. My reason for taking away the children was, I heard that Mis Richardson had allowed my deceased son, Thomas to go up stairs to her when we were in bed. I did not take my children away immediately upon hearing this circumstance. Mrs Armytage told me that Mrs Richardson had acknowledged to the above circumstance.' The second count purported, that the de fendant, in the month of October last, in a conversation with Mr. and Mrs, Davis, of Pontville, had said to Mrs. Davis that she could tell her something about Mrs. Richard, son, which occurred before she left the house, "which would make her cap rise from her head." The third count purported, that in the month of October last, in a conversation with the Rev. John Burrowes, the defendant, al- luding to Mrs. Richardson, said to him ' you are supporting a vile women.' The fourth count purported, that in the same month of October, the defendant, said in a conversation wilb the same gentleman, Mrs Armytage, the defendant's wife, being also present, said ' we lost our son through her,' alluding to the plaintiff; and upon Mr. Bur- rows inquiring how was that, as he had un derstood Mr. Thomas Armytage died from going into water in sheep-washing, after taking calomel, the defendant replied, "yes, but it was she caused him to take the medi- cine,' by which the defendant meant to in- sinuate, at the declaration alleged, that the plaintiff had been infected with a certain disease, and had communicated it to his son. The fifth count purported, that in the month of March last, the defendant, in a con- versation with Mr. Davis, said, " You are taking Mrs. Richardon's part; if I had a mind I could show you letters of her's, which I got from Port Phillip and other places, which would be a disgrace to any woman upon earth ; the commonest prostitute would never have written such letters.' The sixth count purported, that in the same month of March last, the defendant, in con versation with Mr. Best, of the 'Royal Hotel,' Bagdad, produced to him a letter of very in delicate description, and said to Mr. Best, ' I hope that (meaning the letter) will convince you of the character of the woman,' alluding to the plaintiff; and then producing another letter which was actually in the plaintiff's handwiiling, but which contained nothing in delicate, be desired Mr. Best to compare the two, and say whether they were not written by the same hand, and proceeded to make comments upon the assumption that they were so, calling the plaintiff ' a diabolical woman.' The seventh count purported, that in the same month of March last, the defendant, in a conversation with Mr. Best. made the same insinuation against the plaintiff (as to a cer tain disease) which by the fourth count he was alleged to have made to Mr. Burrowes. The eighth count purported, that in the same month of March last, in a conversation with Mr. Cox, of Brighton, the defendant said, ' Mr. Flexmore took his child away (alluding to the plaintiff's school) if he had not donesto she would have been starved to death.' Special damage was alleged by the removal of several children from the school, and the general damages were laid at £2,000. To this declaration three pleas were plead ed:— 1st. At to all the counts, the general issue, not guilty. Sndly. As to the second, third, and fifth counts, a justification on the alleged ground that the plaintiff, while re. siding in the family of the defendant as gover ness, wrote a certain letter to defendant's son, the late Mr. Thomai Armytage, which it set forth in the plea. 3rdly. To the sixth count, a justificalion on the ground that the defen dant had, before the conversation referred to in that count, placed his daughters at the school of the plaintiff, and had removed them; and that the plaintiff wrote the letter referred to in the second plea The letter set forth in the second plea, upon which this justification was founded, and the writing of which by lhe plaintiff was in issue. contained the following messages : viz., I am so con- cerned, dearest Thomas, about your throat, and I said so much as I dared last night on purpose to frighten you into taking some re medy. The fact is, dear, you have got cold by sleeping in that nasty room, just under the chimney. Why do you not have your bed made up in some other part? do to.monow have it altered, if only to please me. It is a miserable way of sleeping for you. I think, dearest Thomas, I know where you would feel much happier ; can you guess?' The letter, which is of considerable length, here contained numerous allusions Io some secret which the writer had to communicate to the person to whom it was written, and proceeded as fol lows :_"- Do you think, dearest Thomas, that if, directly tea. was over, and we moved from the table, Before I go up stairs, you were to go out and go up into mybedroom (only mind the stairs don't creek) and there stay until I come up.. Elisabeth and Virginia always come up with me for their books, but lately into the schoolroom ; they never by any chance go into my room, and never remain many minutes. I think, at any rale, if you think you could manage to get up, that your absence would not be so much .thought of, or so much susp- cion attached as if later. Don't do it if you think there is any danger of discovery, but the ([?idea is not practicable.' A third objec tionable passage was contained in the letter, and was as follows :— ' You do indeed love me very fondly now, and I do, indeed I do, most dearly love you ; and as to making you happy, oh, could I not ? 1 am sure you would love me belter. Every word and look now is constrained, for it it with a constant fear of discovery ; but for one month with you, loving and beloved, and free from anybody;s inter ference, I would willingly past the rest of my life in a dungeon. Oh ! what would I have given to have kitsed and comforted you to.night, instead of coolly saying good night, and seen you go into that cheerless bed so unwell.' Upon these pleas the replication of the plaintiff took issue. Mr. Montagu opened the pleadings. Mr. Macdowell opened the plaintiff's case in an address which lasted about an hour, and for which we have not room, Frederic Edmund Chalmers sworn — I am a magistrate at Brighton ; was so on the- 18th Nov., 1843 ; I produce some de positions ; they were taken in a case of slander, made by a man named Piper against Mrs. Richardson; I know both defendant and plaintiff in this action ; the deposition is in writing; Mr. Armytage was sworn to the truth of his deposition, and it was signed by him in my presence. [The Attorney-General here objected to the admission ot these papers, and after a long argument proceeded to examine the witness.] Cross-examined — A complaint was laid before me relating to these depositions; they were handed to me by the Police, clerk, and seem to be all here ; Mr. Army lage appeared as a witness ; I did not summon him ; Mr. Burrowes examined him. By Mr. Macdowell— Mr. Armytage was cross-examined by Mr. Gilbert Robertson; I think Mr. Armylsge and Mr. Gilbert Robertson came together. By the Judge — The handwriting of the depositions is that of lhe Police-clerk. Francis Cox— I live in the district of Brighton, and know plaintiff and defend ant; the plaintiff kept a school ; I sent a grand.daunhur to it ; previous to my so doing, I heard Mr. Armytage speak in very high terms of plaintiff; I saw Mr. Espie and Mr. Murdoch ai my house the latter end of March; in consequence of the conversation with them I took my child away ; I met defendant between my place and Brighton the latter end of March or beginning of April ; we had a long con versation about plaintiff; defendant asked ii I had taken my girl away ; I said I had done so in consequence of the report going about, originating from a letter he (Mr.. Armytage) had shown Mr. Lester j defen- dant said he thought I was perfectly right, for if he had had a child there he should have done the same ; he said he had re- ; ceived a lot of letters in a carpet-bag, and amongst them a number of lhe plaintiff's ; that his daughter had laken up and read part of one, and. threw it down in disgust;; that he (defendant) had also done lhe same ; that defendant's wife wanted to know what was in them ; that he (defend- am) said ' something disagreeable,' and thought it best to tie them all up and send them to plaintiff, which he did ; I asked : defendant how he became possessed of the tetters; he told me his son George had found them in a packing-case at Port Phillip ; I said I had never heard anything : bad of the school, except a complaint by the children that theey had not enough to eat ; defendant said that was true ; that Flexmore had a daughter there, and, if she had not been taken away, she would have been starved to death ; that the was wasted! almost to a skeleton ; I saw defendant again the same rnonlh, and understood from him that plaintiff had commenced an action against him; defendant was quite surprised, as he had always been her friend ; mv child was at the school about three months. Cross examined — Defendant said it was true ; I cannot swear positively he did not say it was likely to be true ; I have some recollection of his saying something of the child's fretting ; I did not hear him say it would fret to death ; he said it was true that Flexmore's daughter was almost starved to death, and would have been if she had not been laken away ; I do not recollect Dr. Gorringe's name being mentioned. Miss Ann Gertrude Thomas— I know both plaintiff and defendant; I was in- ; structing the young ladies in Mrs. Rich- ardson's school about two months ; I left on the 3rd of April, 1843; Mrs. Richard- son was defendant's tenant ; she talked of moving ; I saw defendant there on the : morning of the 1st of Aptil, I heard a conversation between Mrs. Armytage and Mrs. Richardson relative to her leaving ; : two of defendant's children were then boarding with plaintiff; that night they were removed home ; Mrs. Armytage took them home with her; I left two days after; the children were well treated; I do not recollect if Miss Flexmore was there when I left. Cioss-examined — The defendant's child ren left on a Saturday ; I do not know if they returned again on Monday ; they oc- casionally went home on Saturday ; I do not recollect Dr. Gorringe attending Miss Flexmore; probably I should recollect if Miss Flexmore had been there at the time; I have seen Mrs. Richardson write; [here was shown the letter averred to have been written by plaintiff;] I do not think this is her handwriting ; I cannot say it is not. By the Judge— I think it is not her handwriting, because it is not so like it as some I have seen ; I have known her hand writing eighteen months ; during that lime she has occasionally written to me ; while at tbe school I have seen her write ; I never saw but one handwriting of her's ; this letter is rather like her handwriting ; I have seen it (the letter) before to-day ; I do not believe it is her handwriting; I cannot point out any particular cause of dissimilarity. James Murdoch — I am acquainted with the parties in this action ; [witness is shown tbe letter ;] I have seen this before; it was shown me by the defendant; I had a conversation at the Crooked Billet with Mr. Cox in reference to this and another letter shown me by the defendant; Mr. Espie came in ; the conversation was in reference to this letter; defendant said to me, ' I'll show you a letter which, when you have read, you will be of the same opinion as I am ;' defendant had said something in reference to plaintiff; I can't tell in what month ; it was sometime this year; it took place at Stoddart's hotel; I said there were reports going about preju- dicial to plaintiff's character ; I asked de- fendant if they were correct; he replied, ' I know nothing at all about them, but if you come inlo my house I'll show you some letters, and you can Judge for your self ;' I went in, and he showed me this letter and another. Cross-examined— I had seen this letter before the conversation with Mr. Cox, at defendant's house ; I am quite sure of it. By the Judge— I had no reason to en= quire into Mrs. Richardson's, character, nor had defendant any to communicate it to me that I know of. John Davis — I had two children at Mrs. Richardson's school, and afterwards three. Defendant called upon me and recom= mended Mrs. Richardson ; he said she was fit to be governess to tbe Queen ; he afterwards called and told me that he could tell me something of Mrs. Richardson, which would raise the cap off Mrs. Davis's head ; I afterwards saw defendant at his own house ; he said if I would come back he would show me a lot of plaintiffs let- ters, which a common prostitute would not write. Henry Best— I know plaintiff and de fendant; I have known Mrs. Richardson fifteen or eighteen months, tn March last I saw defendant at the 'Royal Hotel;' he asked me to call on him ; when I called, he said he wished to disabuse my mind respecting the circumstance of his having taken his daughters from Mrs. Richardson ; he produced a bundle of lrtters and selected one ; handed it to me and begged me to peruse, and wished to know if I knew the handwriting ; he showed me a French letter, and asked if I did not think they were written by one and the same person ; I said I did not think the letter was Mrs. Richardson's ; he asked me why, I said because it was in a bolder and stronger style ; his reply was, people in love do not pay that attention. He then made reference to his son's death, and said, that diabolical woman had been the death of his son ; I remarked I thought his death was occasioned by his going into the washpool, at Port Phillip, after having taken medicine; defendant said, Who was the cause of his taking that medicine ? Ah, Sir ! she has been the death of my son '. I understood, from defendant's words, that plaintiff had given his son some disease, at the time when she was living at defendant's house; my opinion was it was the venereal disorder ; that was my impression. I had no conversation as to the time when the letters were written ; I understood they were sent or brought over by his son, he having found them in the rafter of a hut. Cross-examined— Defendant did not use the word disease ; the inference which I drew was drawn from the words which I have stated were used by the defendant ; I said to Mr. Stoddart I was satisfied of her character after I had seen the letters ; I meant that her character stood unimpeach able, and that the letters made no impres sion upon the public mind. (Here witness looked at the letter.) I do not believe it to be her handwriting ; it is too bold ; there is a similarity ; I am satisfied it is not her handwriting ; she has written on business to me ; I have letters of her's at home ; I have no doubt myself it is not her hand writing. I have seen Mr. George Army tage's writing, I cannot say I know it well. Rev. J. Burrowes — I know plaintiff and defendant; am Chaplain at Brighton ; bave known Mrs. Richardson about two years and a half; she was first residing as gover ness in defendant's house ; now resides at Pontville. I bave had constant opportu- nities of knowing how her school is con ducted ; I have visited it once a fortnight, and attended the public examinations ; I have heard of the death of Mr. Thomas Armytage: had a conversation with de fendant ; he told me he had agreed that his son should marry plaintiff, provided the intelligence received from England re specting her was satisfactory. Plaintiff moved to her present residence last Michael :mas; in October had a conversation with defendant, who said he was told that I was the person who was exciting Mrs. Richard- son to oppose him. I remarked to him that he had told me he had agreed for his son lo marry Mrs. Richardson, when he lifted up his hands and said, ' I declare to God I never said any such a thing. At the conclusion of our conversation he said, ' I tell you, sir, you are supporting a vile woman.' I recollect his telling me be had evidence to come from Port Phillip which would prove her base character, but it was not yet ready. I recollect his telling me in the presence of Mrs. Armytage that Mrs. Richardson was tbe cause of his son's death. I said how can that be possible, when I understood be came by his death by going inlo lhe water after taking calo mel ; he said ' Yes ; but she was the cause of his taking lhe medicine.' At that time I supposed lhe plaintiff had written to his son, advising him to take medicine ; I had subsequently reason to believe otherwise. Mrs. Armytage said that plaintiff's former husband was a very gay men, and had given her a certain disease:. I was present when Mr. Cox, Mr. Clarke, and Mr. Les- ter took away their children. Cross-examined — It was Mrs. Armytage who told me plaintiff's husband was a gay man; I do not recollect that Mrs. Army- tage said plaintiff said her husband was a gay man. I conducted the prosecution against Piper; I am positive defendant said he had evidence to come from Port Phillip against Mrs. Richardson. When they (plaintiff and defendant) were dispu ting, it is probable I might have used my influence to persuade defendant to send his daughter back to the school ; but I do not recollect. Defendant told me that plaintiff had been carrying on a clandestine corres- pondence with his son. The case for the plaintiff here closed. The learned Solicitor General then said that it had been agreed between the learned Attorney General (who was wilh him) and himself, that there should be an equitable division of labour, and that he should argue the law points. For this reason he now rose to contend that there was no case to go the jury, and that consequently the plaintiff should be nonsuited. The learned gentleman, in a very excellent legal argument, delivered with fluency and weight, contended that lhe plaintiff should have shown special damages, and which his learned friend Mr. Macdowall had now admitted not to be proved. Secondly, special damages not being now sought for, the next inquiry was, whether lhe words were actionable in themselves; whether, per se, the plaintiff could come into Court upon them. Thirdly, whether, if they were actionable, they were not spoken upon occasions which warranted them — whether they were not, in truth, privileged communications, and were not such as ' the ordinary exigencies of life might call for' — and whether they were communica- tions made from parent to parent with a fair intention. The learned gentleman elucidated this position by repeated refe- rences to the evidence, and also that there had been no express malice shown on the part of the defendant, which, above all things, he said, was necessary. Lastly, he contended, that if the words were ac- tionable in themselves, special damages not having been proved, it was necessary that the evidence should connect them with her capacity as a governess or in- structress of children. Thus, he contended, it did not do. The learned gentleman, in a long and very forcible address, cited many authorities, and very strong ones, in support of his position. Mr. Macdowell briefly replied. The learned Judge decided tbat the case should go to the jury— not, however, be- fore tbe plaintiff's counsel were obliged to abandon, from want of technical and other evidence, the first and fourth counts. The Attorney-General rose to open the defendant's case, when his Honor inti- mated an adjournment until the following day, at 10 o'clock. [During this discussion the judge took the opinion of the jury as to whether tbe defendant meant to impute to the plaintiff the venereal disease— the jury said he did.] Tuesday, June 18. The Court having re-assembled, the judge said that, strengthened by the au- thority of cases which he had time to look into last nigbt, be would send the case lo the jury. The learned Attorney-General, leading for the defendant, then rose, and in sub- stance said— May it please your Honor and gentlemen of the jury. It has now be come my duty to address you, and upon the pleadings I have nothing further to say than that although we may have been the authors of words imputed to us, we deny the sense in which they are imputed, and we say that we have not slandered ; and in our second plea we justify what we have said by a document which we shall pro- ; duce. We cannot but feel that tbe defen- ; dant's case labours necessarily under a disadvantage from your having expressed the inference which you have drawn from the words spoken to Mr. Best. We feel that to disabuse your minds from an avowed impression ie, at least, onerous; for although we feel that you will not suffer that declaration to influence you when we shall place our case, in other respects, in a light which will admit of no hesitation ; and although you yourselves know you are not bound by your present decision, yet in opening this case I find the difficulty greatly increased. His Honor. — Pardon me, Mr. Attorney General ; I think your case rather assisted by knowing what you have to combat, and I hope you do not wish to create an impres- sion tbat I have acted wrongly in taking the sense of tbe jury upon this point. The Attorney-General replied that such was far from his intention, and proceeded — I feel also the peculiarity of the position in which I am standing, in a defence against a female plaintiff, but I trust that no compassionate emotions, no chivalrous notions, will prevail over reason, or give false construction to words ; but that you will decide upon the evidence before you, and upon that alone. I will come to tbe evidence at once ; and I will not, because it is unnecessary, follow the plaintiff's counsel through his long account of the origin of this action. All respecting the origin of the action you should dismiss from your minds; but, whilst here, I would ask, What was the motive tbat could lie presumed to actuate the defendant ? What was lhe motive, or evidence of it ? Was it to be found in the plaintiff having left the house of the defendant ? Because you find the plaintiff keeping a scbool elsewhere, was that it ? Or are you to string a number of facts together, and im- pute malice — facts, having no natural con- nection with each other ? Were they, without proof, to say the defendant was the instigator of Piper ? Where, then, am I to look for lhat ' hidden plot,' as the learned counsel called it. for that which, he said, ' was to be done ?' What was to be done ? Were a number of isolated facts to be strung together to find malice in the defendant ? But the plaintiff's case would go further. They would have it to be insinuated— nay, believed— that the father instigated his own son to be the forger of that letter ! Where (since the feelings of the jury have been appealed to) was the feeling in the plaintiff that could impute so horrible an insinuation — an in- sinuation which, if believed, would have the effect of utterly destroying, of blasting the character of this young man for ever ! If you can believe that, believe the rest of the plaintiffs case ; and, to turn the words of the libel, tbat the father is a ' diabolical person.' Where, I ask again, if suppos- ing the testimony of Mr. Burrowes to be true, could you find a motive for destroy- ing the person to be connected for life with his own son ? Trace the whole thing through, you will find no motive, unless indeed you were to consider tbat there was a human form too horrible to conceive. What would you think if you had a sister who could act as the plaintiff would be proved to have acted ? Or where was the modesty that could bring such a case into the public Court for investigation ? Are you, in an euphoistic notion of right and wrong, to suppose that Mr. Burrowes, of his own will and motive. caused Piper's investigation at the Police. office ? I would not impute a want of veracity to that gen- tleman ; but look to his questions and an- swers. He forgets most important facts, whether Mrs. or Mr. Armytage said this or that ; and yet upon the little word ' to' he was clear. Is there no bias ? Think you Mr. Burrowes was not aware of the effect of that testimony ? [The learned gentleman was proceeding to speak upon lhe first count, when Mr. Macdowell said lhat he had withdrawn it] Then, gentle- men, I beg you to dismiss all you have heard upon that count from your minds ; now to the second count (quoting from it,) you see that it could not be as a school-' mistress that these words are spoken of her; but,, skilfully enough, this count makes the words applicable to her, whether in that capacity or not. But are you to be at the trouble of severing this count for them, and say to which it does apply ? I could tell Mrs. Davis something about Mrs. Richardson (quoting) that ' would make her cap rise from her head.' Why, the learned gentleman who framed this document must have been thinking, when he drew the inuendo, of the ghost in Hamlet, ' who could a tale unfold, that would make each particular hair to stand on end like quills upon the fretful porcu- pine !' or one of those persons of Lord Montbeddo, who, it was said, had a mon- key's tail. Perhaps the defendant meant that the plaintiff was like Dr. Faustus, trying to raise the devil (laughter,) or some other absurd thing — one meaning is as good as another. I am sure the words are not actionabie. If they were, then I would beg leave to say that, if actions of slander were thus brought, It were better that our mouths were sewed up and gagged. Dangerous would it be for any man to speak aloud if his words were thus to be tortured. But it mattered not ; damages were to be got ; money is lhe object, — and it is not the natural delicacy of some females to recoil at bringing the action. The third count [quoting] is, you set, from what I have read, that accusation said to be made to Mr. Burrowes — ' you are sup- porting a vile woman'— an accusation which has no reference to her capacity as governess. There is evidently no connec- tion between the words and her profession. Further, the plaintiff's counsel told you they had sustained no special damages ; and if she saye she has sustained none, ' what, gentlemen, will you be disposed to I give! ? His Honor— True, Mr. Attorney-Ge- neral, she says she has not proved special damages : but she says she has been ruined, and asks for £2000. Attorney-General — Again, suppose any one of you, gentlemen, were to say of your female servant 'she's a vile woman,' are you to be dragged into Court with impunity and to be sconced for £2000 : Is not the action sounding in damages ? There is a much greater latitude allowed by the spirit (at all events of our English law) for spoken than for written slander. There is a wise indulgence for our infirmi- ties of temper when words are not coolly and deliberately reduced into writing. Here the plaintiff has not proved any damage resulting from those words : it is necessary, I say, in order for her to ask for her tremendous £2000, to prove some specific damage, even were it the loss of a dinner. But, not having put a single fact of the sort upon the record, we cannot take issue, and yet we are called upon to reply. And now we come to the fourth count, which, I believe, they also aban- doned, and you must disregard anything you have heard from Mr. Burrowes in reference to it. But, gentlemen, I shall take the liberty of using this gentleman as a witness for myself. When I speak of the sixth count, the conversation of a similar nature with Mr. Best [quotes] — ' Yes, but it was she made him take the medicine,' in which they would bave you believe that the defendant meant that the plaintiff had given him physic for the disease she had imparted to him. What was Mr. Burrowes's understanding of these words! Why, gentlemen, their natural consequence, not a forced one, viz., simply that she advised him to take the medicine. He never thought at that time, no, not till long after, not until he heard (perhaps of the con- versation with Best) but of Mr. or Mrs Armytage saying lhat Mrs. Richardson had told her that her husband had been a gay man. I ask you, gentlemen, to carry with you tbat reasonable construction of those simple words whilst I proceed to tbe seventh count, and investigate the lan- guage made use of by Mr. Best. [Quotes.] Now, gentlemen, I ask you the natural import of those words, and tell me if they have any connection with this horrible inuendo. In fact and in truth, without some inducement, without some help to lhe count, it must falL His Honor — Really I don't think you are doing right, Mr. Attorney-General, in putting points of law to the jury in tbat way ; if the other side wish it, I will insert the inducement, for so flagrant an accusation should not be avoided by tech- nical objections. The Attorney-General— It would be a dereliction of my duty, and I consider I come into this Court in behalf of my client - His Honor— I must say, if you ask me fairly, I think such a course has a ten- dency to create trouble. I'm inclined to send the record to the jury ; nay, if the plaintiff were the humble stservant, nothing more gross could be thrown out against her, and she should be protected. I think it is actionable. Attorney.General — Now, gentlemen, suppose the words to be introduced in the inducement, that the plaintiff spoke in re- ference to her the following words, in tending to impute disease to her, and to cause it to be believed [quotes] ' Ah, Sir, she was the death of mv son. she caused him to take the physic.' Good gracious ! Suppose, then, tbat you were prosecuted for writing this epitaph — ' he waswell, he died, I advised him to take physic.' Now, if you could come to this conclusion, that that would be slander, and large would be your belief, then believe Best, that Mr. Armytage intended him to understand that the plaintiff had given to his son the venereal disease, and that be died. I asked Mr. Best if the word ' disease' was used at all; he never mentioned it. I asked him if mercury or calomel was mentioned ; no, but he thought that was the medicine the defendant would insinuate. Are the thoughts of Mr. Best to take £2000 from the defendant's pocket ? Believe, gentle- men, the plain natural construction, not the forced one of Mr. Best, that the plain- tiff wrote to Mr. Thomas Armytage, who was ill, and advised him to take medicine, which perhaps might be improper for his complaint, whatever it was. And now as lo the conversation with Mr. Davis, who began that conversation ? [Quotes from the defendant.] Are you satisfied the words are proved ? Do you recollect the ingenuity of my learned friend for the plaintiff, who, when his witness was not proving the exact words, said, put them in the first person, saying thus — ' If I had a mind.' It was enough ; the cue was caught, and on went the witness. But where was there anything in that to show that the defendant was speaking of her as a scboolmistress, or of her conduct whilst in his house, as that is the gravamen. Here take these words by themselves — 'You are supporting Mrs. Richardson.' Is there anything in them ? Then again, they would hate you believe that the de- fendant called her a ' prostitute !' That is not the case. ? There might, in truth be in the defendant's possession letters which, in his opinion, would have the effect of making him believe her capable of such a vice. But, because a man says another wears a coat lhat would suit a hangman, does it follow that he is a hang- man, and that be intended to call him so ? Does it not require the coarse, perverted meaning of this declaration to make it so ? Again, these words of themselves are not actionable, and the plaintiff should seek her redress in an Ecclesiastical Court. His Honor — You siould have demurred. I shall send it to the jury. Let them say whether they are spoken of the plaintiff as a governess. The Attorney-Gererai — Then, gentle- men, what, was lhe occasion of lhe speaking of these words ? Mi. Armylage had chil- dren at that school then, and before Mr. Cox, Mr. Davis had. Look, gentlemen, to the occasion I say. Does it rebut the presumption of malice, you must believe him to be innocert until you find him guilty. I ask you, any of you, fathers, in that box, supposing that the words have reference to her as a schoolmistress — is the mouth of a parent to be so fettered ? or is not this one which meets the case (cited by my learned friend the Solicitor-General,) ,' one of the ordinary exigencies of man kind?" If I not having, it is true, a son it the school, a parent asks me my opinion of its teacher, I say send him there, though I believe him not fit to be a hangman, — am I to be dragged into Court for that, [conscientiously believing so,) and the plaintiff never prove the loss of a single scholar in consequence ? If you hold such opinions, it will be dangerous in the ex= treme, and, as I said before, our mouths must be closed. His Honor— So I shall tell the jury, that if they think the information was honestly (not wantonly and maliciously) given to Mr. Davis — nay, I think you may go fur ther ? if Mr. Armytage even volunteered | that information bona fide, it is not slander. Attorney-General— You have heard, gen- tlemen, the law laid down by His Honor, in which we will agree. [Here the learned gentleman touched generally upon tbe ab- sence of, and the necessity of finding, ex- press malice.] Recollect Mr. Best's evi- dence, that the impression upon his mind, after reading the letters shown him by the defendant, was that the plaintiff's cha- racter was ' unimpeachable.' I recollect the word. Perhaps, gentlemen, I shall prove to you that it is just possible he may forget himself; he is on friendly terms with the plaintiff. You recollect the at- tempt to fasten on the son the imputation to damnify, by forgery. With what adroit- ness the learned counsel would have put into his hand the writing of Mr. George Armytage; the very readiness of Mr. Best to prove it, is a circumstance for you to judge of his bias, to say whether or not that bias did give the meaning to his con- versation with tbe defendant. Now we come to the last count. [Quotes from de- claration.] You see it charges the de- fendant with having said, that if Mr. Flex- more had not removed his daughter from the school of the plaintiff, she would have been starved to death. Now is there any malice in one parent saying this to an other ? and we will give you evidence upon this by-and-by. But who began the conversation? Mr. Cox asks Mr. Armytage. Mr. Cox says in the witness-box, lhat Mr. Armytage said ' it is very likely to be true,' and then ' that is true ;' but even suppose he said lhe latter, was he not fairly talking lo Mr. Cox, and where is the malice ? But supposing Mr. Flexmore should come before you and prove near about the mark, where would be the ma- lice? And I ask you if it were not an occasion which justified it ? Here the learned counsel argued from the case of Piper the presumption that the defendant had not malice. j If, then, you cannot find anywhere in Mr. Armytage the ap- pearance of malice — and I know not where to put my hand upon it — give him, I say, the benefit of ' not guilty,' in the same manner as you would a prisoner at tbe bar in a criminal trial; for, gentlemen, he stands here all but in the same position : give him every favourable consideration which rebuts the presumption of malice by the presumption of his innocence. You heard the learned counsel appeal to the hardship of his case in not having allowed the letter in our plea to be seen by his witnesses, and that whilst we showed it to the world, we would not place in that box all who had seen it, or any who did not believe it to be the plaintiff's handwriting; but his argument, like a two-edged sword, cuts both ways; will he put in any one who believes it to be the plaintiff's hand- writing ? He will show it to ninety-nine, perhaps of the lost sheep, and the re- maining one will be in the box. The plaintiff herself has seen it, and she may put there what number of witnesses she pleases; she knows the contents of this letter [holding it up]— this letter, which is boldly and shamelessly designated a forgery — this letter, which carries a refu- tation lo that insinuation, intrinsically and extrinsically — this letter, which to suppose to be a concoction, is more than I can con- ceive, when it bears its own evidence everywhere of its authenticity. We shall show you where we got it, and when ; and we shall produce. as well as we can. proofs of her handwriting. Still, if you should be of opinion that the letter was not written by her, but that Mr. Armytage obtained it honestly, and believed it to be her's, you cannot then imply malice, and you will let him depart unscathed. I con- fidently hope lhat the defendant will not suffer at your hands, but that you will re- turn that verdict which will deliver him from the damages which they seek to re- cover, and which is the object of this action Solomon Austin — t have known the plaintiff since Nov. 1840; became first acquainted with her on board ship; we came from England in the same ship ; on board ship she went by the name of Ring ; she told me, during the passage, her name was Richardson ; I have corresponded with her since she has been in this colony; I have received letters from her, but sel- dom ; I have conversed with her on the subject of these letters ; [witness was here shown the letter ;] I cannot swear this is her handwriting, but to the best of my be- lief it is ; I cannot say exactly when I first saw this letter, but think it was in March or April that defendant showed it to me ; I then recognised it as her handwriting ; I believed it to be her's, and told defendant so ; defendant said he was threatened with an action, and I recommended him to show the letter to Mr. Burrowes; there were some letters which I obtained from Port Phillip for plaintiff; I recollect the time of the death of Mr. Thomas Armytage ; I had an interview with plaintiff shortly after; previous to that interview she wrote me a letter, which was the cause of my seeing her ; she said, ' I understand your brother is at Port Phillip, and I also under stand that Mr. Armytage has written to him to lock up all his books, papers, &c.; ;' I said ' I believe he has ;' she said, ' will you do me a favour ?' I asked what it was ; she said she had kept up a corre- spondence with the deceased Mr. Thomas Armytage, and would I write to my bro- ther, and tell him, if any letters of her's, which were all signed ' Ellen,' should fall into his hands, to forward them to her or to me ; she said, at the same time, ' I would not have them fall into the hands of Mr. Armylage for the world— if they do, I shall be ruined ;' I wrote to my brother, and the letters came to me from Port Phillip in consequence; I read a portion of them ; the signatures of all lhat I read were signed ' Ellen ;' to the best of my belief, the letters were in her handwriting: when my brother sent the letters, he called my attention to a letter of a par- ticular date ; the plaintiff told me she had spoken of me in disrespectful terms. in consequence of some information she had received from Mr. Thomas Armytage, that I had used gross and cruel slander respecting herself, which I denied, she said you may read the letters ; in May last I had an interview with plaintiff; she spoke to me concerning this action ; [here witness was shown two letters ; | this is the letter ; I did not meet plaintiff in con sequence of receiving tbis lt-tter ; I wrote to her; I then received another letter tbis is it ; I saw her in consequence of this; these letters are in ber handwriting the general character is a lighter hand than she used formerly to write ; I advised ber not to go into Court; I recollect I said, if tbe expressions in the letter were so strong as I understood, she would not recover her character; the expressions were only tben known to a few ; I thought if she let the matter drop, her school would be re-established ; she observed ' surely I shall obtain that which will enable me to leave tbe country ;' the said ber character was lost, and she did not know what to do — she must go into Court; I told her, in reference to tbe letter, I believed it to be in her hand writing, and that I should say go if I went into Court ; she asked if there vrat any. thing bad in it ; I said there was a certain passage respecting going up stairs to the bedroom ; Brie said, if tbat was in it, it was not her writing ; I said, to the best of ray belief it was ; ' then,' said she, ?? jf it is, I was mad when I wrote it ;'' I said ' you certainly was ;' she fell a.crying ; I don't recollect she said anything about caring for tbe letter. Cross-examined — I was a fellow passen ger; she bore the name of Ring on board; she was called Mrs. Ring because ber em ployer's eldest son was named Richardson. Mr. Pogson, the clergyman, was a fellow passenger; I was then on intimate terms with Mrs. Richardson; on very friendly terms : there was no love lost between us; at least, none on my side (the Court was convulsed with laughter for a few minutes) I corresponded with her after her arrival; I found a passage in one of her letters speaking disrespectfully of me ; it was the letter to which my brother called my at tention ; she said, should your brother find any letters he is at liberty to read them ; so also yourself; I read a portion of them! (Here a letter was handed to the witness.) This is my letter. The witness was here requested to read the letter which had been addressed by himself to tbe plaintiff. This be did as follows :— Roseneath, 19th January, 18«. Dear Madam, I write you to say that I have received from my brother a parcel con taining letten written by yourself, accompanied with a letter from him to me, denying, in the most positive terms, of ever making use of any observations to any person disrespectfully of you ; but recollects a conversation that took place more than twelve months ago between himself and your informant, which was com- menced by tbe latter, and in these words; ' Well, Austin, your brother cannot leave our governess alone. He made her another offer of marriage last week ; but, he said with a sneer, that he could not succeed while such man as himself was in the way, and a great deal more in a similar strain ; a portion of which is too indelicate for your ear. He desired me to peruse a letter written in January last, which I have done, and I cannot help expressing my surprise at your many, very many creditable observations respecting my self; on which I have only one observation to make, viz, should you ever by chance have oc casion to make use of my name in any shape, be kind enough to confine yourself to the truth, the truth, tbe whole truth, and nothing but the truth, which will greatly oblige, Dear Madam, your Low-born Vulgar little Wretch SOLOMOH AUSTIN. To Mrs. Richardson. The Court was for some time in a roar of laughter at the reading of this letter. Examination resumed — I have not been near enough to recognise her writing; to the best of my belief the letter which has been shown me alluding to the letter described in the plea is her writing; it is the same handwriting as those received from Port Phillip ; I do not know if Mrs. Richardson is an illiterate or an educated woman ; I don't pretend to be a judge. (Laughter.) Rev. Joseph Beazley — I am acquainted with the plaintiff in this action ; I have seen her write ; I am the attesting witness of a lease from Mr. Armytage to Mrs. Richard son; I am acquainted with her handwriting. (Letter shown.) I believe tbis letter to he in her handwriting. Cross-examined — I have seen her write more than once ; I saw her write her name only when the lease was signed ; I saw her write again when some additions were made to a prospectus. [Here tbe witness explained, that a difference had arisen be tween himself and the plaintiff in conse quence of her having expressed a warm admiration of Byron's poetry.] I am not in the babit of visiting her present school. I have a cbapel at Green Ponds. Gilbert Robertson — I know the plaintiff and defendant; I have known Mrs. Rich ardson ever since her arrival in tbe colony ; I recollect her going to reside with Mr. Armytage ; she was engaged through the medium of one of my daughters; I re peatedly visited at Mr. Armytage's while the was there ; I never was in plaintiffs house when she kept a school ; I have fre- quently seen her write. (Is shown the letter.) This is the handwriting of Mrs. Richardson ; I was present when Piper wai examined ; Mr. Armytage was examined then. Cross-examined — I think I asked Mr. Armytage those questions ; I have seen Mrs. Richardson write repeatedly in de fendant's house ; I have seen her write notes which I have taken to town for her; I bad a particular interest in her, and used to examine defendant's children; I saw only the address of these notes ; I re collect reading a note of her's to one of my daughters,- there is a peculiarity in the handwriting which cannot be mistaken; the character of the y's. [Here the wit ness pointed out some particular letters.] I have seen some of Mr. George Armytage's writing, I think I should know it. [Is shown a document] This is his hand writing. [Is shown a paragraph in the True Colonist, headed ' Attempt to Pre- judice the Public.' It was written by me. (To be concluded in our next number.; 