PUBLIC HEALTH. WE have been repeatedly requested to call the attention of his Excellency to the de ficiency of proper drains and sewers in this populous and. important town. The evil has now grown.too formidable to allow of farther; neglect, and unless a remedy be applied with promptitude Launceston will become a most unhealthy place.. The opinions of medical gentlemen, which they freely express to their circles, would have greater.weight with the executive if formally stated, and embodied in a distinct memo rial; and if no: provisionl is made by exist ing laws for the necessary expense, we trust that a proper enactment will be submitted to the council without any further delay. At present there are sheets of water in the heart of the town, to which there is.no outlet, and 'which must remain until re moved by the slow and pernicious process of evaporation. Around these receptacles disease hovers and lingers, which gives 'a chiracter to the neighbourhoods, in perfect contrast with thle ordinary salubrity of this healthy island. The cellars and founda tions of: many. houses are covered with stagnant water, which reritains during the greater part of the year: and what can the inhabitants do, when the formation of roads has left the dwellings below the level of the streets, uhless indeed they have 'ire~ course to ?mUiips, like mariners in a lealky vessel'? Aound'aiid within these enclo sures are accumuiations of decaying sub stances, which the people, from ignorance or' negligence, allow to conrtiniue till they are dissolved by natural decomiipostion,, or are rembvied by accident. Every person at all acquainted with., the eupject, must see enough in.,this: state of things :to ac complish the continuance and raplid propa gation of feveri It is miior ihniortliht to the town that these evils should. ie cuired, than that the heavens should rainn dollars. The improvement required: is obvious enough. . The situation of the town renders drainage very easy; much more so than is conmon in'England. 'therie is no neces sity for the water to remain an instant, if sewers. were .made. The streets slope :to wards the river ; . but with such irregularity that the surface drains only 'pouit downi the water to the more level parts, where it stays until exhiiausted by the heat. With com mon sewers the heavy rains would cleanre the streets; and in an hour after its cessa tioni leave the town perfectly dry. r We beg to be iuniderstood, that we at tribute no blamie to the surveyor's depart ment; which, with the slender means at its disposal, has shown during the. last six months a very creditable activity : but the surface improvements will be comfiiaratively useless, unless' with the addition to which we refer. Gentlemen interested. in the property of this town ought to bestir theniselves. Let, them recollect thait their- fortunes depend on the continued' healthfilness of the dis trict. 1any towns, similarly situated, have decayed from no other cause .than the neglect of these precautions. .What signi fies crowding every inch of 'groundi with dwellings, if the increasing density isi not compensated by the increasing facilities to promote the health of the inhabitants. In Britain enquirieshave beeni recently pro moted, tha' shoiw clearly the connexion be tweendisease and imperfect drainage. In tracing the haunts and progress of feveir it has been found to advance or diiiinish juist as the commissioners have' prformed their duities. Even London itself Was once noted for disease, when the people were ignorant of this branch of municipal eco nomy, although at present by far the most healthy capital in the world. On this matter we are not disposed to say much about taxation by representation. Lighting we can do .without; and paving is a matter of taste. We should be glad 'if the crowin would defra'yTtae'expeuise'of idraining; 'but at all events let u'is'ha've the '.thing done.'?i f the government:atteCiiptito thax 'without our s?ev t cons"it for he hic :ouiplishmlent [of: any: of its ,'wn bbjects, ;we shall'be quite ready to-join thee patridt army.. -But wet have no wish to 'be killed by a :marsh. miasma;, r 'to -perish by the slow. tortureiof an interniittant:l there' is no gloryjin:. such an :.ed'; " better a ibottle than a,: bid; said'; my 'uncle Toby -'' SWe shall' be obliged'if any 'of 'outr readers will give:the probabtle cost: of 'the required' im proverment/; and the bestplanr to effect it. FAREWELLt DINNEn?-On .Monday evening, about't weity gentleien sat down to a fareweil din'er,. itt'the Corinwhll Hotel, givi~ t ' ;t fr.: Alexander M'Bazinet,"of the Bank of Australasia: .,er?, on hisi departure:for Adelaide.?, The.dinneir as, as usual1 with. Mr. Whitehead, excellept, con "sidering the shoirtiess of'the notice given: and cieolplti'h i ony 'fithe evening was only ai loved b tihe 'regret of so soob losinig the society of a friend esteemed and valued by the:wlole circle of .his, acquaintance. . . r. :?,,:" . TaIiTve h ? ulnc.--A sermon will be preached it ttieabove place of worship on"Sundiay text, by iihe>Reb. Mr..Wilkinson,' at televen, o'cloe?k" `A .eoplectioQ will be'maadeafter tie ,service'in aid of 4hg,bmuikld ng fund; n4as a.,oa.cpdIerabledebt .stjl remains on the church, it. is to beihoped ihat'e~itls will erall respond to the appeal C;O RR ES P ND E NC E.-M- e .adRe rath!er unt willingly;.giveng , a place to r.' Jstitia,andt it is only because he appears to be ,a stranger, and "macqu aimte aith tlhe inconsistent filsetoods that' .vrieiv asued frm-aii uarteir tooi disredilablc o bi' 'ntertained'seioinsly iby- a"sitngle' s&il;??'lio has been a week :in the colony,::O.ur:circelation from the. compencement-two; years ago- -.eqralled that of anypaper published. Whlen'donutts vter 'cast pon this statement sometime ago, our fore man idiade a'declaration at tli'e police' office otioh facti~ :2No otlierij0ournalist had "th'e 'ourage to ;submit?,h!is, circilation to this test,' and:wve are satisftid thley.hlid substantial reasons for adoptinig a different course., Our paid cir ulation"excees that ao any other. paper, and, -careless .of all ridictilois fictions-which we shall pass by 'in fnutre as we 'have done hitlierto-we 'ire: iiite confident thl'atwe are placed in a position Which will fnable us,,should, the times. press still more severely, to see the end of the wretched scribblers ;ho se productions have too long disgraced the 'towni ' Wb tak the ' occasion to state hi is' i justic to'ouirselvhes a'nd disiiiss the siiubject. / ACCIDENT.-Ty.e, regret to:learn that Dri Grant and his ladymet,v'ithl a serious accident on Mon day morning, between Ca'rick-ri idge and. Mr. &iudges; 'inn They were driving in a gig towards towh; and mpassing over 'a portiou of the roa'd iti a :shameful: state of disrepair?'the:' horse"' 'shied; and gon reaching a spot where. :the. highway had been cut, on, the' side of a hill, thej animal suddenly turned off, when Dr.. and ,Mrs. Grant were thrown ont of the gig to thi distance of several yards. Mrs. Grant saved the infant shli 'had. with'her frohii injuiry"tlloigh tit the 'expense of her 9wn safetyTforibeing violen.tly precipitated on her., back shepas.so. seriously bruised as to be unable .to .return to town. , Dr.,.Grant was also severelyj hirt. It is to be regretted Isuell pe cipitous places are'not made secure by a fence of soiMe :kitidwhen 'the road' is completed,'"ahd ,we hope some steps will' be taken to prevent4 sim~ilar. accidents at,this and :,other spots .on the ,various lines of road throughout the colony which are still in an unprotected state. . . ;rowN SUR'VE'VOR.It is'stated? that the. town suriYeyor is again inter:fered ..with,. and becn olliged to abandon a piece of work opposite Mr. E'iudis"ianuction rooms"iin consequence, after it had been paritially completed, aiid the dslistanice .f the .townspeople interested in the improvement had been.secured.: We are informed that it is not the respected commandant who has been _omiially appointed head of the department that hias iiaooy'ed Mr. 11oore. ?o e: ,adivisetlie surveyor riot tb- attend. to':any inttructionis' Ilot"officially ?omimunicated : and in, the.meantine' implore his .xcellency .t'; make: Mr. Moore"the :responsible 'ical officer. He is paid for performing a duty.: lie oight not.to be interfered with 'in its execution : iand wheiiihe deserves blame ihe oughit to bear it. Wie' hiiwe'no patiience with'this department'as it islconstituted, and we 'are: certain it"w'ill never lhtflOctieyt*p.til $h-)ystep is altered.,: . : 1 -DEFENDER OF 'THIE FAI'i'H.-This title, still borneo by the sovereigns'`if England, was originally 'conferred by 'the pope upon. Henry VIII.' This I) inice entered the lists against Luther, and by ap attack which would disgrace the literature of the nptesent day sought to conciliate the favour of tIle pontiff. The kings of Fiance had long been dls: Ltinguisgithd by the' ii~pellition " niost''iistiaan,," and those of'Spain by that of "cathohe," and Henry coveted a similar hlonour. te commnis sionpd, John,Clalk, dean of Windsor, to presient his book at the papal court..+ Leo X. received the ainbassador in :fll consistiory.: Clark:presenteid thea'oyal work to hi with thliese words:-' The king, my rmsier, gives you the assurance that 'after having "refited Luther' s errors with the en, he is eacy ; to ,combat his .adherents with the sword'." The historian.says, " affected at this promise, Leo replied . thatt the work of the'kingcould only have been composed with the aid of the Holy'Ghost,' ýind"confei'iied O Henry tile title of 'defender of the faitlih by a foimal bull, confirmed by aeo's siiccessor, Clement, VII.".?Lingardyddd :.ý the, title belonged to the, king:personally'-not to his successors.: Heniy:retained it after his separatlbni froi.oRome: in 1450 it was annexed to the crotwn liy act of parliament it w.i'fetainedi by' Phliip "and Mary, though the statute itself hadl~ beein. e?{ pealed, a~d has' formed part of the title: ofevy subsequent English. sovereign.".); r " . . t, +AMiTrl .PERORMANC .--Thespoýd'e { .amounting to nearly £20, have been handed over toMr. Priaulx, for benevolent purposes.; fi ,i STREADMILL,-TWO men. escaped !overtlie, walls of - this establishment last ' week' l.'Refractory women are sent to tliis placd fori- p'ihishml t;iitiit:bui conmplaints lihave reached' tis"respectin the?dis ciplin t'wlehi theyi:ae sbjeeted.h It, is stated tit iwhen die doors are. opened the language em-, ployed.in communicating 'with the men. confined in the same place is' disgusting i beyond measure, and that'equally 'offensiive 'oiimunicatiosd pro "eedifromi the dile prisoners: The silent system requiires'tbs eput in force. eire at last. ~; TAEWEATHIER.A condsiderable quaintty of rain has ifallen during the last week,l the;beer ficial influence of which will be experienced, by' the turnip, potatoe,, and late isown;wliheatc:ops, es'well as the grass, ,which 'ehwas almost scoiched up for wait of moisture. Since" the heavy fall 'of rain, on Siundiv,' thieretiasbeeui ia ihost delightfiilt change' in thli atmosphere. The ihdications of settle'd weither again will b hailed with delight by the agriculturists, and the operations of harvest will proceed' readily,. The town has' been com pletely,,deserted' by all who are `competent to undertake harvest work. ':Tak "Ti?io". This vesse hbis retuirned frbin Swan River: anud throigh Mr. Ran~daill, the super cargo, we have been fiurnished with file of papers to a late date.in;.December, from. which we shall make eextracts in:our next. : STATE OF'GAOL.--There are thirty eight pri soners now in ihe gaol committed,for trial ; four teen or fifteen for bushranging. . We believe there are sixty-nine' persons altogether in charge o'f Mr. Thomsop i aid should an accession to their nunm hers take 'placeliefodre a general gaol delivery, ire will be'puzzled'to find accommodation.:. The fol. lowing are the particulars :-Three prisoners' re manded: for examination ; one for want. ofbail; thirty-.eisht comniitted for trial; seventeenunder sentence.; one insolvent; one undergoing im prisonmnent; two incarcerated for:defihi!bof pay mient of erowO fines; and two debtos. -" "ADEi~ .'-Tie Adelaide, from London, arrivediyesterday. She' bringiinterirediaite fiile of English =papers;. butnot so late' newsas we're ceived.vid Hobart Town. Mr. Henry Claytonhas retrned to the colony by. this opportunity,,.' , 'Md Bij BUSHInEANGERqi TWO CONSTAIBLES HAVE TAKEN.. L~ i;E BUSH. -i'At six 'o'clock on Saturday week they got to' Breami Crelek, andtfod Mr, Barns that;they :liad got 'a' warrant,:gainst the second superintendent of :Maria. Island5 for whose apprehension £50 was offered. This was believed, they remiained Satuirday anid Sunday, and then borrowed'a whale boat, in whlibch they went off. On Thursday the constables reaclied Bream Creek,' in pursuit, but ?ofc course they missed the birds. -£30,0oo00 a-year to support this system.. It is reported that another constable took the busi; with a man he had incharge. Oer tiiinlyt·dr present taxes are soefficienitly expended for our iirbteetion, that, it is the best encourage ment to pay more. The probation departmentis allowed to go to every expense, in every depart ment, except what is necessary to protect the settlers. It is appalling to look to the list of ab sconderp in the Gazette;--H. T; Adertiser, AT LAsT.-Forty-two constables Werelyester day sworn in, all selected witlh.care by'Mr.:Price from th? prbQ~ tiogers. . bid. ,, , . L LICIT'I DIs triL'ATIO.i. On Saturday" last ,a private rstill: was: seized by: the exertions of our cptive chief constable--?h?11 i ,saic omnes -rat' Brown's River, in full work, as likewise a ten gallon keg of spirits, which a man was conveying to towi in a lidirseand 'cart. The still and'pir'its were seized and broughtto town--theinen lodged in the ;watch-house-the horse ini the pound: The two men whowere?engaged at tlhe.still were, we understand, the intrpducers of teetotalism into Brown's River, and its most strenuous advocates. \--Ibid.'. - ::PROGOiESS OFBUSHtANGzNdI.'-BUhrangilg is indeed progressint'viitli raphidity and a certainty which are becomin qte' alarming, nwotwithstand mng~tlie annual expendittrq of some £80,000 in good ,~ud ,lavyful pcipn for, a . protectivei police, About ,a week .ago, Jas, Mr. "Bisdee .was. riding honme:fromhliis run at i thle LaIkes, he fell in with tlire&iarmnedineni; at'a shepierd's hut, at which'he inteimd edto take some refresihment; the shep erd lhimself being ,comfortably ?'bailed u"i ' in one corner or the hut. Thgybehaved with decent civility to :Mr. Bisdee, seearching, him, and. tying his hands'; they :took'what moi'ey (some few shil. lings)~'Mr. B. had'about 'him 'ind a- tindeir?oxi, bit 'this' tlihy ,eturhed 'to' him, "fori fer Ie mniglit 'remuire a light iin thie 'bu'sh! "' Tl~se' men haid abscd6ed e;fr'om'th?ep aty at Victoria Valley;, On .theevening,of, the. same day,.two' other armed nen, suddenly .appeared at i Littled'ale, near,Both= well, the residence of PeterMadden';: theystripped the 'place of e'verything por tabl, 'bditd~idiot'use any personal violence; lthey are suposed 'tohave been two of the men who escaped from Hamilton gaol:"'The constahbulry' liav'now taken tlie in fection; two '.men li'lohging we tbelieve, io the New ,orfplk ,police,: having, a man' in charge; threw him into a quarry, and.fird, a shpt thro0ugh his hat; they ,then took the bus~, a , snd?usse quently borrowing a whale-.boat took the ,water, We have just heard tlhattfour.of the five men:who escaped from Hamilton gaol are 'in custody ;. two having been apprehended, and 'ttvo havitifngiven themselved' up:' A report 'is a ii in citbulation; that 'a arty in the intoerio; had, tied up 'tieir overseers, flogged' him, and .eeamped into i the bush -!-Colonial Times s CaRELTYz TO AN ALS.,-A large numb' r of persons have, complaimcd .fthat, we;did n,ot niore distinctly state, in ournotice'of Mir. King's'mateh, the. sentimenits entertainr d 'by thie' coiimiihiity respecting :suchlpt c6edings. Happily su:'ii: in stances are rare;. and' =altliotgh 'we hiave're'iived other commdnications. on ?.the, same 'subject'; the one published will.;doubtless check 'a practice, which, if common, would lower us in the eyes of the world. ,.ST.r Jonu's !SUNDAY 'ScuoOi0 -Ti?e 'treashrer of St. John Church Sunday School 'legs-;ti acknowledge the receipt of the following, sums through. the Rev,'Dr.; Browne :-R. Dry, .Esq:; £10; Rev. Dr. Browne; £6;: collection 'at ordii nation, £5 1'4s.; R:C.'H6~me, Esq., 5..: 