WEaLEYAN ME1TBHOISM. To the Editor of the Geelong Adrertiser. SIR,--Should you deem the follow ing testimony and information on the "above subject, furnished by a re spectable and disinterested minister of another denomination-the Rev. James Hamilton, Minister of the National Scotch Church, Regent square, London. in a sermon prcac'ied before the Wesleyan Missionary So ciety, at its last anniversary- calcu lated to serve any useful purpose in this neighbourhood, its insertion in your journal will oblige; Sir, Yours, respectfully, A SUBSCRIBER: r'-My dear friendls, it is my privilege to appear before you tlhis morning as the advocate of the Wesleyan 1Mis sionary Society; and I cannot help thinking that the subject of these remarks is peculiarly suited to the present occasion. In the overruling wisdom of God, different dcnomina 'tions have fulfilled each a separate 'function in the Church universal. There are divers denominations, and diversities of gifts; and each section of the church has not the same office. '?Each has witnessed for some special truth or exemplified some particular grace. And in the allotment of these gifts, it is evident that an ascended Saviour has bestowed on our brethren of this denomination a special dona tive-a large measure of the grace of gratitude. Arising at a period when there was little faith and consequent ly little fervour in the earth-at a period of infidelity without, and de p- pondency within-when the church of Christ had just life enough to Ja mnent its deadness-when preaching w'as faithful according as it deplored the declension of the times, and prayer was heartfelt as it abounded in confession-when psalmody itself was plaintive, and cach wingless hal lelujah gravitated downward into an inevitable miserere. Methodisnm of a sudden received its baptism of joy, and put a new song into the Church's bmouth. In the largess of heavenly gifts, which, descended on its early path, in the glorious running of the TVdrd and its return with rich results; in the multitudes who. received that StWord in much affliction. but greater joy of the Holy Ghost; in the eyes so suddenly opened, and in the bonds 'so suddenly broken; in the discoiery of an unexpected Saviour, and the introduction to the wide domain of his exhaustless pleasures ; in the new impulse given to the everlasting Gospel, and the fresh realization of its ancient verities, there was arap ture of surprise, .a confession of de light, which found natural expression in mutual congratulation and abund ant thanksgiving to God. In the sun-burst of that genial spring, the heart of Christendom warmed once more, and hosannahs, which had been intercepted in the frosty atmosphere of a fornmal generation, were released in the general thaw and took' their heavenly flight once more. The genius of early Methodism was joy \--th'e.joy. in God of those who had received the atonement. Its verna cular, its native dialect, was gratitude and praise, thanks to God for his unspeakable gift.. Its fathers and fdunders were living epistles of spi ritual gladness. Its chief apostle himself, in his long career of healthiv and cheerful. toil,' has left"'golie' foot-prints on' tho path of peace,. and bequeathed to geuersitiofisfollowing in his benign and sprightly experience the truth, via'crucis, via 'lucis. .Wath equal faith;, :and :perhaps. a more ethereal spirit, the seraphic Fletcher told his hearers, in the perpetuil. doxology of his shining countenanoce,; the blessedness of a walk withllGod. Whilst full of the selfsanie iinspi ration, their sweet singer translated into the language of earth, snatches of orisons unutterable; till his'ilasltic felicity embodied them in imsmortal verse. Like the fabled flying courser, whose footprint opened the well spring of Helicon, Charles Wesley's mounting genius struck open a warm fountain of happy thoughts in:a wintry age; anti now that he "' dlps his wings of fire" in a more ecstatic world, he has left in this onoe the monument of his joyous sojourn; that geyser of gratitude which started be neath his ascending foot, and whoso pleasant stream is marked by the glad verdure on either brink in its course through many lands-the isalins, the thankful praising, and adoring hymvnns which have now become distinctive of Wesleyan Mlethodisnm, but have told b:nignly on the Church at large. " And having ventured thius far, I may-with tihe le aveo of my brethren of othtr comnuotnionssventure one step farther, and say that the church universal owes a debt of gratitude to the Wcesleyan body, and to the Head of the church for raising up that body, on separate and independent grounds. Casting theological distinctionsaside, and looking at denominations as we look at individuals, just as we learn a lesson from the biography of each eminent Christian, we may learn a lesson from the history of each con spicuous denomination - God has honoured our Wesleyan brethren to be the largest Chistian communion in America-to be the powerful body. which they this moment are in Eng land-to have a voice which is never heard without respect in the British Senate, and an influence which is owned by all the British churches:_ and to have gained this influence whil? those are still living who can remember it a sect everywhere spoken against; to have gained this eminence with no mighty man, and no noble to smileon its beginning--with no world ly wealth to back it, no plaudits to cheer it; amidst the denunciations of chief priests, the oppression of rulers, the tumults of the people, the jeers of the witty, and the frowns of the pious-is a consummation which is easiest explained by the Methodist Patriarch's dying words, " the best of all is, God is with us." The finger of God is here. Or if you say that Mlethodism has gained its ascendancy by dint of character, or by dint of diligence, by the self-sacrificingspirit of its founders-by the unwearied labours of its evangelists and minis ters- by the transformations it has effected in the abodes of cruelty and crime-by the bland and joyous aspect -the serene and benignant typoe of its denominational christianity-by its magnanimity towards those who differ-its readiness to bear the burden of other churches, and its disposition rather than its own things to seek the things of Jesus Christ by its long suffering, pureness, kind ness, and love unfeigned, I accept the explanation, I admit these " se condary causes" of the success of Wesleyan Methodism, and .1 say again, the finger of God is here: For if these graces be the secret of their success, who gave them these graces, or bestowed on these graces suchk signal success ? And if, on the other hand, their history shows that mleek ness and magnanimity and much en durance, that self- denial and enitire devotedness, that a prayerful and praising 'spirit are the royal road to eventual respect an'd influence, as well as the best aids to evangelistic success--does the chuich universal owe no obligation to that communion which has illustrated on a scale so magnificenta truth soa muchforgotten, and ivhicl every denomination would do so well to learn? Their debtors we are; and to'help forward such a society in its labours of love, is but to repay, or rather' to acknowledge the debt which Christendom owes, ".The pccific. claims-of the Mis sionary Society may be summed up in the statistical facts, that it presently eniploys 387 missionaries, and. 640 catechists, teachers, and other paid agents; that its missionary' church. membership consists of 100,000 communicants; and that on the shores of Sweden,-and'in the upper Alps, at Gibralter.and Mala, on the banks of ihe Gamblia, at Sierra.Li one, and on the Gold-Coast, t t:the Capo of .Storms, in Ceylon, and on the shores of Southern India, amongst. the colonists and aboriginal tribes of Australia, in Now' Zealand, 'the Friendly Islands, and.Peejee; on the islands of the western as well as the southern hemisplihre, and from the gulf of St. Lawrengo to the far west; the, agetits, of . the Wesleyan Mis siounarv Society pnea fnnlid 'I'h- h nmediate results are visible. Cannilbhls are, clothed and in their right iinds, sittincg at the feet of Jesus. Savage warriors are seated at the scholar's desk, and hands which used to wield the scalping- kiife~, hnow grasp no iweapon but tle word of.Gbd.: ?Arms once red wi th slaugliteri ar'oe eld up in joyful acclaimartion at the meetings ,oft.Native ilissioiary Societies ; and hamlets, oft affriglited with the frantic battle-wlioop over them, in evening istillness, ministering,spirits stop to iisten, for they are vocal with Im manucl's praise. The fetish tree of Badagry,with its-hiorrid cropof human heads and limbs, already totters to its fall, for the axe of the GaGspel is plying busily at its root. The silver trumpet has startled into momentary silence the death-drum of Ashantee, and at this moment soldiers of the cross are striving to plant its trophies on the palnce of Dahomey, whose ghastly hattlemients have for ages grinned with the skulls of slaughtered victims. Bread thrown on the waters of Eingland has ire-appeared in the back-woods of America; and the prodigal and the runaway, persuaded by the messengers of this Society, has sought his father's house; and hearts which had forgot to sing on earth, will be surprised irrglory when they find before the throne those whom Ihey hardly dared to mention at the footstool." 