MISCELLANEA. —The following 6tory was lately told by formed ineliViate, its an apology for much of tbe folly of a drunkardA mouse ranging about u brewery, happening to fall into one of the vats of beer, was in immediate danger of drowning, arid jippealnl to a cut to help him out.- Tho cat replied, " It is a foolish request, for ai soon as I get you out T shall eat you." Th& mouse pitoously replied, that that fate would be better tliSn to be drowned in beer. The cat lifted bim out, bat the fames of the beer caused puss to sneeze: tire mouse took refuge in his hole. The cat called upon the mouse to cnii.e out—" You rascal, did you not promise thut I should eat vou»" "Ah'." replied (he mouse, " hut you know 1 was in liquor at the time." THE SIHHIKS Mo'L'se.—THIS beading, strange as it sppears, is not a fiction, as the incredulous may ascertain to their complete satisfaction by ii visit. Wu eive the following Account, furnished us by an intelligent correspondent:—" I have mucb pleasute in endeavouring to give you Rome account of a musical phenomenon which I havo juBt beheld and heard. I will do so in ns lucid tl manner as I am uhle. This wonder is in tho shape of a * singing mouse.' Let' it not raise the smile of incredulity, for sing it Joes in retity. The little creature is the common' house mouse of tho masculine ^endur. When 1 henrd him, he was in full sou?, having all tbe notes of tbe full grown ctaary. J'be Imitation in tbe snstenuto passages and cadences of that bird was perfect, 1 leol assured that no deception WBS practised : for by^lhe.aid I purposiMy"li6rrowed, n ' T could ohserre tho ireniulousness o'f the throat, anil I asked the proprietor to retire from the room '••r a mh";r!il—.iv!iicfj iie did, in order that 1 mijiht convince myself that I wits not made tbe dupo of vpfitriloijuism. I iheu placod my ear close to him, -IiL J tbe effect was'still the tame. No huruan being could niako liis piano passages. Ooe circumstance places this beyond doubt; lor sometimes parties hava to wait a con- siderable time before ho will [ii'i e. An instance of (his kind happened recently nt the i'jhice, where he was taken l :r (ue Prince of Wales arid the i'n'u- *v>Hst>s to hear him. Hut 1 was tnfontiod that le fully made up for ihis silenoehy sfierwards singing jnoro lustily lhau he ever iliil before. He requires to ho htteo'tivoly observed; iinJ hv so doing you catch his variety. When ijuito siill, his notes are surpassingly d'utinct, and have nil that peculiarity of the notes of tho canary when he is singing himself to sleep. While he wsa ill mution, 1 tried the affect of tumiul upon t.iui, by vibrating a toning, /ork upon the table. This, although repented several timBs, ueithbr deterred hint from singing, nor in (he slightest degree alarmed him. If I may hazard o conjecwrl?, bis pilch is l:wro than aa octave ohovu that of the bird be imituies. It is very difficult to guess how this faculty got into him ; for supposing that he listened to tho canary from hia hiding-place, the larynx is not formed for such a purpose. However, I must leave the" matter to physiologists and uioduru Danes Ilarringtous, aimply contenting myself with silent wonder, now and then csclaimiiig ' prodigious U's history IB somewhat interesting. The wife of tho man to whom it belongs (they were poor people, hut are now on tbe high road to competence} occupied the second fiat of u mean hou6e in Hedcross-squsio, Cripplegale, end, * save tbe maik I' nt a tailors. One night, not being able to sleep for what she conceived ths gentle singing of ber bird, abeca* moved tbe cage; but tbe singing remained, end not coming from tbe quarter in which poor innocent Dick was placed, it both puzzled her, and excited her curiosity for tbe rest of the night. The noise was of e Bitting kind, like Hamlet'a Ghost sometimes here—somptimB? there, alio, however, felt convinced that it came from tbe wainscot, and aba was right. A trap was set, and two nights afterwards the Syren -was caught, which is likely tb proVe a golden egg lo this knighi of tbe goose. Now, I am one of those who helievo in the rrunsinigrafiou of auuls; ami taking into consideration the neighbourhood, the «oog, the strango bird from which it com«, and its rarity oil combined, X think I kno-v xho itis; it is John Milton, I'll take my oath of iu He has come to revisit the glimpses of tlto moon, and (o strike terror into the souls of l'useyites olid Repealers, and lo take the pledge from Father Mstheir 1—Ghfbe.—Having beard end read a great deal respectipg tbe singing mouse, wo paid tie little warbler a visit nt the Cosmorauia Rooms in Regent-street, and were soon convinced that there was no trick in the affair ; for we held the c&ga; in which it ia contained in our band, sad distinctly beard tbe song of the canary, very piano; then jt broke out into a loud trill, resembling (bat of the woodlark. After whirling about for sotao time like * squarrel, it left its singing saloon, aod went itito iu dining-parlouc, and while taking some refreshment 6( bread steeped in tnllk, it continued to cheunt * peculiar sort of strain, quite diifernt from what we had heard. After another turn or twa ia iu roandsbout, it suddenly baited, and gave several tones vary like the jag, jug, of tbe nightingale. ThU.vas by far the most mslliflaoas part of its performance, and one, we were told, but rery rarely haord. 'Illat this little creature is the greatest musical prodigy thai has hitherto appeared ia this country, we hare DO hesitation iu statiog, and we have uo doubt but its praise will be unsnitnoualy gang by nil who may bear it warble a Mii/ettt, or e rtWeJia di uiiii, ana wore Catnlini ber- «!f iu pay lis another vinit, notwithstanding she might sing with great tclal, the would find a formidnlile rival in the mesco uuuufths musical mouse. We have seen flea* industriously at work, heard a canary talk, a mouse sing,—who can lei] but we may behold a eet of suaila dance a quadrille 1 It is our opinion that the mouse, when young was placed either in a cam with a canary bird, or CIOSB to one (for it is fonn of canary seea), nmd having two nice little ears for music, it caught tbe varied atroiiu of the bird, end became a proficient warbler, without psyihg anything for instruction, and there is no doubt of ilk becoming "» singer to the million." 