PUSEYITE CATECHISMS. [FROM THE STATESMAN AND RECORD.] IN our last we briefly noticed one of the most distressing branches of the Puseyite heresy, viz., the cruel, treacherous, and horrible manufacture of Popish Catechisms for the poor young Iambs of »he Church of England's fold. Men rather wolves in j-heep's clothing-bavins the name, rank,| garb, and influence of clergymen of tbe Church of England, basely and fraudulently eating up the salaries provided for j the ministers of that church, and moving in society as such 1 accredited ministers, are found guilty of conduct which in any other station of life would consign them to hopeless social infamy. One of these productions, entitled " A short and easy Catechism for the use of Young Persons of the Church of England," has been published by a curate of the Rev. F. Oakley, at Toovey's, London, who is Mr Oikle/s publisher. It is stated in the title page to be compiled from the " most authentic sources," and tn the preface the author asserts that " His one object is that of furnishing some help towards opening the treasures of deep doctrine and sound practical teaching, which" the Church Catechism contains.-(p. v.) «? It is hoped, moreover, that this little book may become, under God's blessing, and in the hands of judicious and discriminating teachers, the means of helping young persons to more practical religion."-(p. vi.) " Throughout the compilation, indeed (it is stated), the most scrupulous pains have been taken to introduce nothing to which a member of the Church of England will not. or at least may not, find a counterpart in her system as it is brought before the eyes. It is of course needless to say that the standard, according to which the questions and answers have been framed, is not the prevailing practice of our church, but her formal requirements ; ar rather the rule of the Catholic church, as admitted and attested by her. To have aimed at any lower mark than this, and especially in a work intended for the rising generation, would have been to provide, so far, for the perpetuation of abuses, which are Wftvidently in the way to disappear, and which, by the time ?mat our children have taken our places in the world, will, may hope, have become mere matter of history." CP' ix-) . . The real value of Puseyite statements are beginning to be better known than they were a short time ago-at least by those who do not desire to stop their eyes and ears against fe¿ information and conviction. Still it could scarcely be ? imagined .that such a solemn statement as the foregoing would he deliberately put forward to bolster up a catechism which is compiled from Butler's " General Catechism" and Dr Doyle's " Abridgment of Christian Doctrine," both printed by Coyne of Capel-street, the Popish publisher here. Tbe Churchman's Monthly Review, as we mentioned before, elaborately establishes this fact ; and we shall illustrate it by giving a few of the most striking specimens of the Puseyite and Papist doctrines, side by side : MORTAL AND VENIAL SINS. PUSEYITE. Q. How many kinds of sin are there ? A. Two ; original and ac« tua I. Q. How is original sin re mitted ? A. Hy holy baptism. Q. What is actual sin ? A. Actual sin is every sin which we ourselves commit. Q. How is actual sin di vided ? A. Into m ot tal or deadly, and venial sin.-(p. 10.) The value of this distinction, " in the hands of judicioug and discriminating teachers," is apparent from its natura corollary in the " authentic sources:" Q. Where shall they go who die in mortal sin ? A. To hell for all eternity. Q. Where do they go who die in venial sin ? A. To purgatory.-(Abridg. p. 114, 115.) PAPIST. Q. How many kinds of sin are there ? A. Two; namely,original and actual. Q. How is original sin taken away? A. By holy baptism. Q. What is actual sui A. It is a thought, word, or deed contrary to the law of God. Q. How is actual sin di vided? A. Into mortal and venial. -(Abridg. p. 112, 113.) POSEYITE. Q. What is mortal or deadly sin ? A. A sin which is unto death ; which kills the soul, and deserves hell, and puts us at once out of God's favour. Q. How does mortal sin kill the soul ? A. By destroying the grace of God, which is the super natural life of the soul. Q. What is venial sin ? A. That which does not kill the soul, but yet dis pleased) God-for instance, sin* of infirmity, of surprise, of the passing thought, ¿tc. Q. Why ts it called venial sin ? A. Because it is MORE EASILY PARÖONFD than mor tal sin.-(p. 10, ll.) Q. PAPIST. What is moital sin ? A. Any great offence against the law of God; and is so called, because it kills the soul, and robs it of the spiritual life of grace. - (Ahridg. p. 113 ) Q. How does mortal sin kill ¡he soul? A. By destroying the grace of God, which is the super natural life of the soul. Q. What is venial sin? A. That Mn which does not kill the soul, yet displeaseth God. Q. Why is it called venial sin ? A. Because it is more easily pardoned than mortal sin.-( Baines, p. 16.) SACRAMENTAL ORDINANCES. POSEYITF.. Q. Name the other princi pal ordinances of our church. A. Confirmation, holy or ders, and matrimony. Q. What is confirmation ? A. Confirmation is a sacra mental ordinance, in which we take upon ourselves the promises made for us in holy baptism, and by which we receive the Holy Ghost through imposition of hands, to confirm us in the Christian life, and make us good fcol diers of Jesus Christ. Q. Who is the ordinary minister of this rite ? A. A bishop only. Q. How does the bishop administer it F A. He prays that the Holy Ghost may come down upon us, and he imposes his hands upon our heads. Q. What is confirmation ? A. Confirmation isa sacra ment, by which we receive the Holy Ghost, iu order to make us so strong and perfect Christians, and soldiers of Jesus Christ. Q. Who is the ordinary minister of this sacrament ? I A. A bishop only. Q. How does the bishop administer this Sacrament* A. He prays that the Holy Ghost may come down upon his : he imposes his hands over us, and makes the sign of the cross with chrism on our foreheads, at the same time pronouncing a set form of words. (Baines, p. 36.) Q. What ÍB holy order P A. Holy order is a Sa crament by which bishops, priests, and other ministers of the church are ordained and receive power and grace to perform their sa cred duties. - (Baines, p. j 41.) Q. What is holy orders ? A. Holy orders is a sa cramental ordinance, by which bishops, priests, and deacons, are ordained, and receive power and grace from the Holy Ghost to perform their sacred duties. Q. What is the office of a deacon ? A. To minister in spirit ual things in his own dis trict or parish under the direction of the priest. Q. What is the office of a priest ? A. The office of a priest is to do certain solemn acts not permitted to a deacon ; to consecrate the holy Sa crament of the aliar, and to absolve penitent sinners. Q. What is the office of a bishop ? A. The office of a bishop is to do certain solemn acta not permitted to priests or deacons, such as confirma, tion, and especially to con secrate or ordain other bi shops, priests, and deacons, and to consecrate churches, church-yards, &c.-;(pp. 61, ou. Preaching is even less in favor with tractarians than. with Romanists, though the Church of England makes it the first essential in her definition of a church ; see 1 also Canons xiii. -dv., the Litany> the for the church militant, the conclusion of the baptismal service, and the collect for the third Sunday in Advent. Her description of the office of a priest is equally significant. It is » to be tnetsenaers, watchmen, and stewards of the lx>rd : to teich and to pretnonish, to feed and provide for Christ's sheep that are dispensed abroad, and for his * - - I Q. What is the office of a priest ? A. To offer sacrifice and administer the rest of the Sacraments, excepting holy order and confirmation. Q. What is the proper | office of a bishop P A. To give holy orders, and confirmation, to preach and govern the church. (Aridg. ch. xi.) children who are in the midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through Christ for ever."-(The Ordaining of Priests.) PTJ8EYITE. Q. What is matrimony ? A. Matrimony is a sacra xenial ordinance, which gires ff race to those who contract marriage with due disposition, to enable them to bear the difficulties of their state, to love and be faithful to one another, and to bring up their children in the fear of God.-(p. 66.) PAPIST. Q. What is matrimony ? A. Matrimony is a Sacra ment, which gives grace to those who contract mar ri ige with due dispositions, to enable them to bear the difficulties of their state, to love and be faithful to one another, and to bring up their children in the fear of God.-(Baines, p. 42.) We must conclude our parallelisms now-at least for the present. The foregoing will suffice for specimens of a publication which, in a similar style, inculcates the whole mystery of iniquity on the youth of the Church. The British Critic calls this Catechism "a very excellent, full, clear, and instructive publication /" We trust it may be pu far instructive as to teach certain namby-pamby speakers and writers npon "O rford theology" to be a little more careful how they vex the public understanding by treating fraudulent hypocrites as holy and praiseworthy benefactors to the Church. 