____DECLARATION OF MINISTERS AND ______MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH OF ENG- ______LAND RESPECTING SEVERAL CONTRO- ______VERTED TRUTHS. __HAVING witnessed with grief the endea- vours of some persons to un- Protestanise our Church — for which end they reject the doctrine of justification by faith alone — deny that ungodly persons, if baptised, need to be regenerated — pervert the meaning of the sacraments — change the ministry of the gospel into a priesthood — assert that those ministers who have not received episcopal ordination are not true ministers of Christ — and that their congregations form no part of the Church of Christ — make what they term the Catholic Church the authoritative interpreter of the Word of God, and thus seek to prevent each Christian from fulfil- ling his indispensable duty to weigh and judge for himself the meaning of its lan- guage — we, the undersigned ministers [ and members of the Church of England, feel our- selves obliged, by our fidelity to the Lord Jesus Christ, by our regard for the Word of God, and by our wish to promote the welfare of our Church, publicly to profess our be- lief of the following truths, which we are resolved, in dependence on the grace of God to maintain and disseminate according to our ability ; in which defence of the gospel, always important, and now rendered more urgently necessary by the progress of " An- glo-Catholic" doctrines, we earnestly invite the co- operation of all who value evangeli- cal truth. __1. " Holy Scripture containeth all ne- cessary to salvation, so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to he required of any man that it should be believed as an article of the faith." Art. 6 ) " It is not lawful for the Church to ordain anything that is contrary to God's Word written, neither may it expound one place of Scripture as to be repugnant to another." (Art. 20) But general councils and particular churches, being liable to error in matters of faith as well as in the cermno- nies which they establish (Arts. 21 and 19.) they may be found to profess what cannot be proved by the Word of God, and to ordain what is contrary to it. Every Christian is therefore bound to examine and to ascertain the meaning of the Word of God for him- self, in the use of all the aids within his reach, and to receive no doctrine as the doc= trine of Scripture unless he sees it to be de- clared therein : otherwise he may receive error as truth upon a fallible authority, against the plain testimony of the Word of God. __2. " Believers are accounted righteous be- fore God only for the merit of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ by faith, and not for their own works and deservings." (Art. 11.) They are justified by the righteousness of Christ imputed to them, not by any inherent righteousness imparted to them, by the Spirit ; and they are, from first to last, jus- tified by faith alone without works ; but as " good works do spring out necessarily of a true and lively faith," (Art. 12.) the faith which justifies, is a faith which " worketh by love." __3. " As the tree is known by its fruit, so is also the Holy Ghost. The fruits of the Holy Ghost. . . . . . . . are these, love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faithfulness, meekness, temperance, &c.; . . . . . . . . " The Holy Ghost doth always de- clare himself by his fruitful and gracious gifts." . . . . . . . . . . Wheresoever eo find the spirit of arrogance and pride, the spirit of envy, hatred, contention, &c.; . . . . . . . . assure yourselves that there is the spirit of the de- vil, and not of God. . . . . . . . according to which rule, if any man live uprightly, of him it may safely be pronounced that he hath the Holy Ghost with him : if not, then it is a plain token that he doth usurp the name of the Holy Ghost in vain." (Homily for Whit-Sunday.)' Ungodly persons, nei- ther born again of the Spirit, nor justified, although they were baptised in infancy, but remain in an unpardoned state, exposed to the wrath of God ; and unless they be born again of the Spirit, and obtain saving faith in Christ, they must perish. __4. " The body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten, in the Supper only after a heavenly and spiritual manner. And the mean whereby the body of Christ is received and eaten in the Supper is faith." (Art. 28.) " For the sacramental bread and wine re- main still in their very natural substances. . . . . . and the natural body and blood of our Saviour Christ are in heaven, and not here ; it being against the truth of Christ's natu- ral body to be at one time in more places than one." (Declaration appended to the Communion Service.) " The curate shall instruct him, [ the sick man, ] that if he do truly repeat him of his sins, and stedfastly believe that Jesus Christ hath suffered death upon the cross for him, and shed his blood for his redemption earnestly remembering the benefits he hath thereby, and giving him hearty thanks therefore, he doth eat and drink the body and blood of our Saviour Christ profitably to his soul's health, although he do not receive the sacrament with his mouth." ( Rubric to the Commu- nion of the Sick. ) There is no scriptural authority fur affirming that our Lord is present with his people at tho Lord's Supper in any other manner than that in which he is present with them whenever they meet to- gether in his name ; (Matt, xviii. 20 ;) and his body and blood are verily and indeed taken and received by them whenever they exercise faith in his atoning sacrifice, so that the imagination of any bodily presence, or of any other presence effected by the consecra- tion of the elements, is unscriptural and er- roneous. __5. " Christ commendeth to his Church a sacrament of his body and blood ; they [ the Church of Rome ] have changed it into a sacrifice for " the quick and dead." (Hom. for Whit-Sunday.) " Our loving Saviour hath ordained and established the remem- brance of his great mercy expressed in his passion in the institution of his heavenly Supper.". . . . . . . . . We must then take heed lest of the memory it be made a sacri- fice." (Hom. of the Sacrament.) The ministers of Christ are termed in Scripture, presbyters, bishops, shepherds, stewards, &c.;, but are never distinctively termed priests ; and the notion of any sacrifice offered in the Lord's Supper by the minister as a priest, distinct from the sacrifice of praise, and of devotedness offered by every true worship- per, is unscriptural and erroneous. __6. " The visible Church of Christ is a congregation of faithful men, in which the pure Word of God is preached, and the sacraments are duly administered according to Christ's ordinance in all those things that of necessity are requisite to the same." (Art. 19.) " Those we ought to judge | fully called and sent [ into the ministry ] which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send ministers into the Lord's vineyard." (Art. 23.) There is no scriptural authority for as- serting that those only are rightly ordained, or are to be esteemed true ministers of Christ, who have received episcopal ordina- tion. __7. " The Bishops of Rome and their ad- herents are not the true Church of Christ." " Where is now the Holy Ghost which they so stoutly do claim for themselves ?. . . . . . . If it be possible to be there where the true Church is not, then is it at Rome ; other- wise it is but a vain brag." " All the popes and prelates of Rome for the most part. . . . are worthily accounted among tho number of false prophets and false Christs." (Hom. for Whit-Sunday.) False Christs and false prophets cannot be esteemed true ministers of Christ ; the true apostolical succession is the succession of faithful ministers in the churches of Christ who have preached the doctrine of the apostles, and have ministered in their spirit. —Watchman. 