ENGLISH. BRIEFMEMOIBOFO'CONNELL. - Daniel O'con- nell was bom on tho 6th of August, 1775, at Carhen, near Caherciveen, in the barony of Iveragh, and county of Kerry. (The very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and com- menced that bloody struggle by which they estab- lished their national independence). His father was Morgan O'connell, Esq, of Carhon, who was married to Catherine, daughter of John O'Mullane, of Whitodchurch, in tho county of Cork, Esq. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donouges (dhuv.) or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'connell was educate d on the Continent, partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omers, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain he had to undergo the formality of study- ing his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, "when ho was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not prepared to receive him." Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mutton, at tho Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to tho Irish bar, in Easter Term, 17Ü6. Mr. O'connell married, on the 3rd of June, 1802, his relative Mary, daughter of Edward O'connell. M D. of Tralee; he succeeded'his father in 1809, and in 1825, by the death of his uncle Maurice O'con- nell, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'connell family are proverbial forliviug to a very old age. General Count O'connell, Knt. of the Cross of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and Col. of the late 6th regiment of the Irish Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the liberator; he died on the 9th of July, 1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in Franco ; he was the youngest of twenty two children'by one marriage, of whom one-half lived to the age of 99, at which age this venera- ble patriot died; he was born in August, 1734, at Derrynane, the residence of his father, Daniel O'connell, Esq.-Scotch Reformers' Gazette. IMPORTANT DISCOVERY.—Imperishable Bread. —On Wednesday lost, several parties were pre- sent in the Mayor's private-room, at the Town- hall, during the opening of a box of bread which was packed at Rio de Janerio nearly two years ago, and which proved as sound, sweet, and in all respects as good as on the day when it was enclosed. It appears that, as regards the staff of life, which it is desirable to keep a long time, we shall have no reason in future, to speak of "the bread that perishes," seeing that Mr. Claude Alzard, a Frenchman, has discovered a mode of making biscuits, on which time effects no deterio- ration. The bread is manufactured of a mixture, in certain proportions, of rice meal and wheat flour, and it has other important advantages in addition to that very material one already named. For instance, the coarsest quality of flour may be used, and will produce bread not inferior to that made of the finest description of flour by the ordinary method.-Ibid. THE OPIUM COMPENSATION_Upwards of £1,200,000 was paid, on Wednesday, at the Treasury, to those East India and China mer- chants who were compelled to surrender their opium to the ChineseGovernment at Canton_lind. NEW STEAMER -¡We are enabled to state that a steamer*to supply the place of the Columbia, lately wrecked between Boston and Halifax, has just been contracted for. The new vessel is to be built by Messrs. Robert Steel and Co. of Greenock, and she is to be of the same size and power of the Hibernia, which was constructed by the same able builders. Her engines and other machinery are i to be furnished by Mr.'Röbert Napier, of Glasgow, | who constructed the engine of the other steamers on this line,-Glasgow Citizen. A GOOD EXAMPLE.--The linendrapers, &c;, in London commenced Closing their Shops at eight o'clock on Friday ni¿ht week, and are about to make arrangements for Closing at seven during the winter months,"No vember, December, January, and February. ' We are glad to find that the Linendrapers' 'Association have met with so much success'in their endeavours to check the pernicious system of late hoursatbusiness,-Times. CRIME.-During the six days ending August1 5, no less 'than 109 prisoners were lodged in the Stafford county prison-¿Worcestershire Guardian. The Scotsman of, Saturday makes the following announcement :-¿" We 'have heard, on what we believe to be good -authority, that a new attack of a disease, deeply seated in Sir'Robert Peel's system, has causea'some anxiety to his,friends.I His life is probably in no immediate danger, but' it is feared that a repetition of these attacks may I compel him to retire from office." The General Assembly Hall, the most conspi-' cuous' and elegant of our public buddings,'is now! entirely finished-the unsightly sheds have been removed; giving place to a handsome and appro*, ^riate railing. The' hall will be ready for use as 'a church in a few weeks. ' The interior is neatly; oM.pMtelOtfof.Pftf "A verT cotamodioa»,-: 