LOCAL AND PROVINCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Another mine of apparently red copper ore, exhibiting a lode of considerable size and undoubted value has been recently opened upon surveyed land comprised in Mr Angas's surveys, and lately selected by Mr Evans as the joint property of Messrs Angas and Evans. This is a discovery upon which the worthy proprietors and the highly respected Chairman of the South Australian Company in particular, will be congratulated by the Colonists in general, as the forerunner of the princely returns, mineral and agricultural, which we have no doubt will eventually be derived from Mr Angas's extensive, beautiful, and well selected property in this Province. A piece of metal produced from the newly-discovered copper ore, whose yield exceeded 25 per cent, even under the disadvantage of a hasty and by no means conclusive trial, has been shown us by Mr Pybus. Its purity and ductility cannot be too highly spoken of. By way of enlivening and relaxing the short days and long faces of the south settlers, some of the sporting and influential gentlemen among them have determined to get up the first of a series of annual turf meetings, to he distinguished in the future annals of the Colony as the Southern Races. The names of the following gentlemen have been mentioned as among the originators or supporters:— Messrs Edwards, Conway, Beevor, Dr McDonald, E. Loud. J. V. & B. James. Bassett. .Shale, Chambers. Duval, and G. F. Waters. The sunscriptions at this early stage amount. it is said, to more than £50. A pre- liminary Meeting was held at Noarlunga yesterday. The 3ist instant is mentioned as the dies in quo ; and a naturally formed course "f ample extent near Willunga as the locus. Mine host of the Bush Hotel in that interesting township already calculates upon sixty guests at the festive board, for whom tor a greater number, should any of the northerns drop in) enough and to spare will be provided by Mr Waters, in the style which has (deservedly) won him the title of "Good Caterer." Amongst the extraordinary productions of the vegetable kingdom which nave hitherto distinguished the year J*44, we may mention one of ihe almost count less edible pumpkiitsg-own by Mr fnd, which measured twenty-seven iuches in diameter, and weighed ninety-tour pounds, Also a sunflower grown in the garden at the rear of Mr Featherstone's iron store, whose stalk attained the extraordinary height of 13 feet, bearing a flower of the diameter of 13 inches. The following statement was submitted to the Monthly Meet ing of Directors of the South Australian Savings' Bank, on the 6th Mav, 1844. Accounts. Sums i) r. Sums Cr. Balance Dr. Balance Cr. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ 8. d. Deposit accounts 122 17 •) 604 19 1 542 I 11 Bank S. Australia Current 1 352 10 C 331 12 2 20 18 4 Bank Aus'rala-iiii 318 6 0 290 0 »! 28 6 0 Ollice Expenses 2 1 c 2 1 6 Iiiieie*! Account 0 0 6 9 4 4 9 3 11 BankS. Australia Deposit 250 0 0 250 0 0 Ditto Aosttalasia 250 0 0 250 0 0 1 -'95 19 7 '295 19 7 551 5 10 551 5 10 'I lie number o! depositors at la,t uion lily slaemeul, w Add one iiepHsitor who li id pievious y altogether withdrawn, but has now re-commenced depositing • 1 Ddlo i etv despositniS 5 ' Present no in her of depositors 66 The total amount of deposit* £542 I . 1 Id., divided hy 66, the tmal number of depositors, gives £'8 4s. 3d, as the average number of depositors per head. The following tabular view is extracted from the statements made on the fir.t Monday of each month, to the Board of Dire-.tars, and exhibit* ihe net anioon) i>l deposit*, die num'ier of depositors, and the avera e rate ,»t teposit per head, al lh«»e periods, for the last twelve months, viz.:— No*, of Average Dates, Deposttuis. Deposits, per head. £ s. d. £ 9. d. 547 4 11 8 16 6 , 535 2 3 8 18 4 549 15 3 90 3 nSt) 6 C. 9 7 2 »558 14 5 9 0 3 573 2 6 9 7 11 495 15 9 8 11 0 517 2 7 9 15 526 125981 559 12 9 9 16 5 513 2 6 8 11 0 642 1 U 8 4 3 The branch Bank at the Port, which was resolved upon at the last general annual .Meeting of the Dirict.ors, has been opened at the Counting-house of George Young, Esq. 1843 June 5 ... •• July 3 ... •• August 7 ... ...61 . •• 8e;i',t'.n'>er4 .. . ... 62 . " O'-t.ber 2 ... ... 62 . " N'lM'in eiS ... ... 61 . " Decern :>i r 4 .. . ... 58 . 1844 Janu;i< v 1 .. . ... 57 . " February 5 March 4 ... ... 57 . April 1 ... ... 60 . " May 6 .. . ... 66 . On Monday last an overland party, consisting of Messrs August, Langhorn, Holloway. Belcher,and others, amounting in all to twelve in number, arrived from Port Phillip with a mixed herd of about 550 head of cattle. They left Port Phillip about the middle of March, with six weeks' provisions, and well armed with guns and all the other necessary munitions of war. The Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonial Department, has signified his approval of the appointment of B. T. Finniss. Esq.. to the office of Commissioner of Police, and Police Magistrate of South Australia. That extensive country on the banks of the Murray, in the counties of Eyre and .Sturt, v-liich has liithert. > been much neg lected, is no«- iu the course of being occupied. The cause of neglect heretofore, has been the want of surface water, without which, in the opinion of many of our superficial explorers, nothing can be done, Some "canny" individuals have, how ever, o} late, taken a spade with tbera, and on aiggiog in the numerous green spots which occur in the above country, they found abundance of water, which rises to the surface in fioe grassy districts. We are told that on one occasion a party pierced a green spot which was only separated from a deep dry pool by a block of very hard slote (granite, we presume), aud at the depth of two or three feet struck upon a bubbling foun tain with an exhaustless supply of excellent water. There are now stations on the country from the parallel and immediately east of Mount Barker to the Rhine, at which last several flocks are also about to be located. The blacks of this district are very cruel among themselves; they frequently kill their chil- dren in order to get fat to bait their hooks, and the murder of adults. with this object, is not unfrequent. Their conduct this year, however, has been peaceable towards the whites, Several natives from a country which, they say, is about two days' journey east from the Murray, have communicated with the settiers. One of them had been very closely questioned by a settler. who states that, from the description, the country must be very like Mount Barker. There Is plenty of close rich grass, large gum trees, and dark soil, plenty black fellow, and plenty kangaaroo. From the direction the native pointed, which was about due east from the bend at Mr Harris's station, the country is probably in lat. *4.551 and if two days' journey means sixty miles, the longitude will be 140 $0. No white man had ever been in the country. The natives are said to be more savage and fierce than those upon the Murray ; but this is, in all pro- bability, the mere report of the river natives.— Southern Aus- tralian llis Excellency the Governor on his letorn, overtook a party of forty labouring men on their way from New South Wales and Port Phillip to this Colony with a view to better themselves by the removal. They were but ill provided for the journey, but consoled themselves with the hope of better things upon their arrival in the land of Promise. A gentleman lately returned from the Lakes found near the sources of the Onkaparinga, upon his homeward journey, some remarkable pieces of specular iron ore ; But from what he saw he is persuaded of the existence of Inrge quantities of the some mineral on the spot which he accidentally passed over. These repeatedly-occurring discoveries, lacked as they are by so many practical and highly remunerative mining operations, and unlimited agricultured powers of sustenance, must tend even- tually to place this Province in the first rank amongst British Colonial possessions. A facetious Correspondent has addressed through us a letter to one of the disputants in '* Our Agricultural Societies" contro versy, which, whilst it puts him in shout as awkward a " fix" as that in which ho congratulates himself he hns placed his opponent, furnishes a tolerable specimen of the "state of parties" The whole affair is " Much Ado about Nothing." and onr brother Editors had better lav aside their goose quills, and, following the Imperial injunctions recently issued to two Chinese mandnrins, "shut themselves up in their houses and ponder over their misdeeds," TO THE KDITOR OF THE " 60DTHERN AtTiTIl AI.IAN." 11 expected *\r—The gr; vity with which rou treat the most frivolous subjects induces me, a seriously disposed person, to congratulate you on the comprehensive and statesmanlike views which have carried a on triumphantly through the arduous discussion in the great Agricultural and Horticultural question. My opinion is, that yon have saved the State ; for I agree with y«'U entirely that it would he a very dangerous matter indeed, if n (iovern-'r, or a Private Secretary, or any one—or its Mr Fnc'edon, who you wi.l nor ember to have heard fifty yenrs ago used to say, " If a men. or o> y mmt, or ouy other muu"—were to change the constitution of a society by merely contribut ing handsomely to its funds. Who knows what might have happened i.i the Legislative Council, or among the Odd Fel- | lows, had you r.ot h Idly exposed the first evil n'tempt. The very idea oif doing anything for the public good, without having proper mica or regulations to do it by, is so shocking, that 1 almost swooned when I read your fearless exposition of the horrihlo affair. What! is it to he endured that any hody of gentlemen are to expend their own time, labour, and money, or tiiRtthey are to he allowed to promote the highest interests »f the Colony, not being first legally appointed the sub-Committee, or the Committee of the season, or the standing Committee, or the sitting < emmittee, or the lyinc Committee of that great Society which has 1'5 4s in the the Hunk, and has actually existed since the vear of grace 1843? No wonder your hair »h mid stand on end at such unparaleled doings, or that your whole argumentative force should have been devoted to the demon stration of their illegality and dangerous tendency. That any one should maintain that it is a Soeietv which makes rules nn-1 regulations and not agree wi'li you that it is rules and regula tions which make a society, proves the length some persons will go to obtain their diabolical ends. Hut with the nctuneii which distinguishes your remarks, you have shown to all but the utterly inconvinceahle, who the real Simon Pure is—and, like a Judge almost as wise as yourself, have pronounced the solemn fifjt:— " Pan shall remain. Potiftlit the plain !" It will please yon to know that there is an almost unanimous feeling among the public that your decision entitles you to a reward somewhat akin to that bestowed.by Apollo on your great prototype. Having established that the Agricultural and Horticultural Society is defunct, not for lack of money or members, hut foe want of " rules and regulations" the essentials of vitality, yon will perhaps furnish an appropriate epitaph whenever your «• Poets' Corner" is vacated by the deep]« pathetic effusions of '• l.atira Matilda." To write this however, in a strain befitting its importance with the accuiaey so grave a matter demands, and to ensure the peaceful rest of the departed hc.dy, it will be necessarv that you and the living Society should he both ill a story not only as to the fact of (he death, but of the day on which it actually gave up the ghost. I observe that the "Com mittee of the season" assert in their Itepoit "that the society known as the Agricultural and Horticultural Society became extinct on the SOtl October last;" whereas you 6»y,. it "became extinct on the 1st of March, 1843." You do not ment'n n the hour of the morning, or the age of the moon; *o that the public have still something to learn on this interesting subject. Are yon quite «ure; bv the way, of the date? Was it not the first of the month following? Examine this matter mi nutely, my dear Sir, for yu will nt once see how important its correct determination is to the final settlement of the question ui well as to the success of ail future exhibitions. Admitting the illegalities and irregularities or tlie buried Society, and agreeing with you that nothing conld be more heinous than the conduct of its Committee in disobeying rules which they were totally ignorant of,"* I would ask you to turn for a moment, to the fules and regulations which ha»e heen so strictly adhered to l>v the living Society, upon which the few w<*rds I have to add 'hall he fashioned on a model with which you are evidently finniliar: Marry then, Sir. there is a Vioe-l*re.s»iii'nt and twenty-six Directors. Do you know who they are ami when they were chosen ? Morenver, " nny person who pay s 7s ti aide on the first Tuesday of -May." How many members do you suppose there were uuder this rule on the second Tuesday «>f this present May? Not one!!! .Secondarily, there was no election of office bearers on the first Taesday of May, accor ding to the Rules', and to use .tour own logic, applied to the Agricultural and Horticultural Society, " there being no office bearers, and no member*, the Society was defunctsixth and lastly, these rules and regulations did not exist till the 7th May last; a sun-Committee, which was never appointed, revised them ; they were read seriatim (that's Latin) to the Meeting on that day. submitted to its consideration and eo»/Zme of which things could have heen legally done bod they been in force previonslv. 1 birdly, there is no power in the rules to appoint Committees at all, so that yeu bare irregularities and blunders sufficient to gratify one who like yourself stickles so manfully for form and legality, and who desires " to see such societies placed on foundations of truth and orderand to con clude, in the words of the celebrated address of Cicero to the u #i—all that in vour vine and smoke it." D. f. O. * "Tliaj weie hound to act aconrdine to certain ralaa; tbrae that apper to fuvo beon totally ignorant af, aod to tiara diaobeyad I" —Sumtitrm dmtttalkm, May 10. 