DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. Water as a Manure. — About two months ago we called the attention of the agriculturists of the district to the potency of water in fertilising the soil upon which it is led. We have had more than the usual quantity of rain this season, and nearly all the rivers are swollen. It would be easy, therefore, to lead the water into meadows, or into ponds formed to receive and preserve it for use in the summer sea- son. We do not think agriculturists could study a science from which so many prac- tical advantages could be gained as irriga- tion, and it is our intention to return to the subject occasionally, to put our friends in remembrance of their interests ; in fact, it is our duty as journalists to do so. Prognostications. — The opinion appears to prevail generally in town that we are to have a very hot summer. We believe it is usual in this country after unusual rain. We have had a very severe winter for this temperate climate, and have now the felt city to look for a regular scorching season. The Bush.— We have heard of several persons who, in crossing the rivers, have had narrow escapes from a watery grave. Persons travelling ought not to attempt rashly to cross the rivers when swollen, there is the utmost hazard to be expected, the stumps of trees are peculiarly dan- gerous in all our rivers, and we are certain more accidents occur in crossing rivers than is known in the busy world ; travellers should be guarded in the winter season. Waggish Tricks.— In perambulating the streets of Melbourne, we have been amused to observe sevoral of our local wags fishing where streets ought to be, midst the shouts of the exquisitely amused spectators. We saw a fisherman in Flinders-lane very suc- cessful, he caught a fine fish, which we sup- pose had been ready hooked for the occa- sion, and then threw it over his shoulder with an air which would have delighted Isaac Walton could he have started from his grave. Copyright.— Upon the occasion of selling this Journal, considerable discussion arose as to what the copyright of a paper is. Copyright is the name, the subscribers, and the goodwill of a journal, and is a great deal if that particular paper is in good circulation. The copyright of the Loodon Times sold for some two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, about eight years ago ; now any person might publish a paper ex- actly the same in shape and appearance for about two thousand pounds ; it might be the New Times, or the True Times, the English Times or the Modern Times , and still its value would he just about the cost of the paper and printing materials. No imitations pay for any long time, — some- thing original is what a journalist ought to start with, all our True Suns and New Chronicles linger but a limited time, and never hurt the original paper. Now there is a difference between the copyright of the Times and the copyright of our humble sheet, but the principle is the same ex- actly — the copyright of an old-established paper is valuable. The Boat.— Some historians have writ- ten about boats, but we have to notice the Boat, which has once more made its appear- ance in public. This boat, as Mr. Williams, the barrister, has remarked, gets every one into scrapes. There never was such a boat. Through it Mt. Stephen has been abused — Alderman Kerr indicted for libel — the Magistrates involved in difficulties, and a Proprietor of the Gazette fined fifty pounds and heavy law costs. But still the veritable boat is in existence; every hour the interest connected with its history in- creases. To day the Journalist is muleted, next day the Magistrates are in a mess, next day an Alderman is at the police office. These are the often feuds to which this boat has " Called as spirits from the vasty deep." But it would be impossible to enumerate the multifarious private feuds which have had their birth in the Boat. We positively declare we have more than half a mind to advertise for a poet to make a song from a theme teeming with rich comic ideas. True the subject seems little adapted for music ; but the idea of Councillors, Aldermen, Journalists and Magistrates being for ever haunted with the ghost of a boat is ludi- crous enough to write a novel upon. Illicit Spirits. — On Tuesday last, Mr. J. P. Smith exhibited an information to the presiding Magistrates in the Mayor's Court, on behalf of Mr. Neville, the landing waiter, against Mr. Henry Elmes, for a breach of the second section of the Act 3rd Victoria, No. 9: having sold on the 3rd of June last, 40 gallons of spirits upon his premises, on which the full amount of duty had not been paid. As the case is to be adjudicated this morning we forbear entering into further detail. But from the enquiries we have made, there is reason to believe the parties will take nothing by their motion, as the lawyers have it. Quarter Sessions. — A court of General Quarter Sessions will be holden at the Court House, Latrobe-street, on Monday next, for the hearing appeals, and also for other business. Court of Requests. — The periodical sittings of the Court of Requests commences on Monday next, at nine so 'clock. There are 166 cases for adjudication, which is an increase of 25 from the last sittings. The New Gaol.— It is in ccontemplation to remove the prisoners to the the new gaol at the end of the present month. A Board, consisting of the Deputy-Sheriff, Major St. John, and Mr. Rattenbury, Clerk of the Works, have inspected the new edifice, and some trifling alterations have been sugges- ted, which, when effected will considerably add to the comfort of the prisoners. Ingratitude Punished. — At the Police Court, on Wednesday last, a man named Thomas Brown was charged by his master, Mr. James Neat, with having absconded from his hired service and leaving the sheep entrusted to his care, in the charge of a boy, who was incompetent to manage them. It appeared that the prisoner had been previously in complainant's employ for seven weeks, who understanding that he was subsequently confined in prison for the non payment of a fine imposed on him un- der the " Master and Servants' Act," for absconding from the service of Mr. Alexan- der, he complainant, went to the gaol, paid the amount of the fine, (£5) and took the defendant again into his employ as shep- herd, and treated him more like a brother than a servant, who in return for this kind- ness, spread reports which were prejudicial to his master's character, was exceedingly abusive and finally absconded. The defen- dant's demeanour was very disrespectful to the Bench, and, in his defence he asserted that he was not the complainant's hired servant, but merely remained on the station as a friend, and had merely to wile away time, consented to look after Mr. Neat's sbeep for a few days. The Bench after deprecating such scandalous conduct as the defendant had been guilty of, sentenced him to forfeit all his wages, (£2), and to be imprisoned three months. Mr. Smith inti- mated that Mr. Neat would hand over the amount to any charity they might point out. Accident. —On Wednesday last, Dr. Mackay had his thigh broken, about two inches above tbe knee, at Mr. Dight's mill on the Merri Creek, from the kick of a young colt. A Friend in Time of Need. — We learn with much pleasure that His Honor Mr. La Trobe has directed that rations shall be supplied to all the poor sufferers by the flood, until they can resume their occupa- tions in the Brickfields and Swamp. This is as it should be, and is an example of charity which we trust the inhabitants generally will follow. Inspector of Distilleries. — Mr. Charles Brodie, Chief Constable for the County of Bourke, is gazetted as Inspector of Distil- leries for the District of Port Phillip. Violent Assault. — At the Mayor's Court, on Thursday last, two men named Kirk and Hanlon were fined — the former 40s. the latter 20s.— for assaulting a watchman in the execution of his duty in Bourke street. On Sunday morning last, a skrimmage took place, and the watchman got worsted, and this matter a contempo- rary has thought fit to dignify as "Orangism and Ribbonism." The Flood — The late incessant rains have flooded the Yarra Yarra to a greater height than has ever been witnessed by the oldest inhabitant, and several Aboriginals have affirmed that the river never was flooded to such an extent within their re- collection. On Monday last the first symp- toms of the rising waters were observed, and in the course of the night the Yarra over- spread its banks, at once filling up the swamps upon which several industrious families resided, and also the brickfields. —The greatest consternation prevailed amongst the inhabitants of the swamps at the west end of the town on Tuesday morn- ing last, upon finding their usually quiet abodes insulated from the rest of the town. The rising waters having formed a complete sea around them, boats, drays, carts, and every other description of conveyance was put in requisition for the removal of them- selves and property, which was fortunately effected without loss of life, though we re- gret not without considerable loss and in jury to property. The inhabitants of the brickfields were also compelled to flit in like manner. Towards noon on Tuesday, the lower part of the town was completely inundated, and the rapidity of the waters, which rushed in torrents, made a clean sweep of all the pigs and poultry from the river's banks. Farther down the river, where boats were not easily obtained, the families of small squatters, who obtain a livelihood by wood cutting, have had to submit to fearful hardships ; great damage has been done to the melting down estab- lishments, the whole of which are almost under water; that of Messrs. Watson and Wight having sustained the greatest injury, the current here having also swept away the whole of the live stock ; above the falls serious injury has also been sustained, the house of Dr. Palmer having been damaged to a great extent, the punt at Richmond, broke from her mooring by the violence of the flood, and was carried a considerable distance down the river, cutting off all com- munication with the south bank of the Yarra, save by boats, Flinders-street is completely under water, the drain having totally failed, being completely submerged, boats have been plying along to Captain Cole's wharf, and other establishments in that locality, and the passengers were land- ed at the Custom House steps, which has served all the purposes of a jetty. The Bonded Store is full of water, and it is supposed that all the tobacco in bond is spoiled. On Wednesday evening the car- cass of a grey horse, saddled and bridled, floated down the river, it is supposed the animal belonged to Mr. Power. We have not heard that any lives have been lost in the flood, but two men named Wagnor and Bennett, are missing. On Thursday, the river fell about six inches, but rose again in the afternoon. Ou Thursday, a man named Payne, with his mate, who are working at Heidelberg, as sawyers, ob- served two men upon the roof of a house on Bolden's Flats, in consequence of which they borrowed the boat from Lovien's Punt, and went to their rescue, by which means they perilled their own lives, but succeeded in saving those of two fellow - creatures. The Whole of the flats in the vicinity of Heidelberg, are under water. The Rev. Mr. Gunn has most humanely given up a part of his house to those who have been driven from their homes through the violence of the flood. We have heard of no further accidents than those already recorded. The bridge on the Darabin River, and Deep Creek, have been washed away. We are happy to say the flood is rapidly falling. The Chief Constableship.— The Bench of Magistrates have refused to swear in Mr. Sugden, as Chief Constable for Mel- bourne, although he has received the ap- pointment from head-quarters. It seems there is no objection to Mr. Sugden, indi- vidually, but the Bench with the Mayor, at their head, have erroneously sup- posed by the Government circular of 1838, that they have the power to appoint and dismiss Constables, and until that is re- voked, they refuse to swear in Mr. Sugden. We fancy a mandamus before His Honor the Resident Judge, will have the effect of compelling them to obey the orders of the Government, and awakening their sluggish faculties, by the way their worships have already acknowledged that they are wrong in their position by swearing in a petty Con- stable appointed by His Honor the Super- intendent, and who is now doing duty. [Since the above was in type, Mr. Sugden has been sworn in, and is now acting as Chief Constable of Melbourne.] Revision Courts.— The business of the Revision Courts has been brought to a close, and the settlement of the Burgess lists for the ensuing year completed. It is generally supposed that there will be much difficulty in persuading parties to come for- ward ascandidates for municipal honors. The Sheriff's Department. — In the Supreme Court on Thursday last, Mr. John Bullivant was sworn in as Sheriff's Bailiff for the District of Port Phillip, aud Mr. David Vickerstaff as Deputy Bailiff. Constable Hobbles. — Ever since the removal of Mr. Brodie from the office of Chief Constable, the police force have fallen into a state of disuse, and the greatest apathy prevails amongst the constables from the want of a proper person to direct their movements, when constables allow themselves to be robbed it is useless for the inhabitants to look to them for the pro- tection of their property. On Tuesday last Constables Sinclair and Browne, left their horses hobbled, in front of the new gaol, and on their return they found that the animals had been relieved from the inconvenience of hobbles by some humane person, and were grazing with much com- posure. The constables are so exasperated at being victimized, that they offer a pound reward for the discovery of the robber. Tickets of Leave. — The Government Gazette of the 20th ult. announces that tickets ol leave have been granted to the following parties in Melbourne, viz , Cain George, Lord Lyndoch 3 ; Rawson James, Strathfieldsaye. Things Theatrical.— Mr. Lee, the cele- brated comedian has paid our Province a visit, having arrived by the Martha and Elizabeth. This must be cheering news to the playgoers, as the wretched state of the drama has precluded their visiting the theatre under its present management. That favourite and prima Donna of the Mel- bourne Theatre — Mr Knowles, takes her benefit on Monday next, on which occasion Mr. Winter will make his first appearance this season. The pieces are well chosen, and we are satisfied that Mrs. Knowles will have a bumper house. Heartless Robbery. — Yesterday the authorities received information that a large quantity of furniture which had floated down the Swamp, from the resi- dences of the poor parties who have been driven from their home by the flood, had been conveyed into town on two drays by some heartless robbers. As our active District Chief Constable has got scent of the matter we feel satisfied that the mis- creants will be discovered aud brought to justice. The Union Bank. — We have received a drawing of the Union Bank, lithographed by Mr. Thomas Ham, the engraver. It is a true sketch, and does the artist credit. In the foreground are several of Mel- bourne best known inhabitants walking about, and also a tribe of wild blacks amus- ing themselves in the street. Meeting of the Roman Catholic Clergy. — After the close of the first Provincial Council of Australia, the clergy from the several Deaneries of the Archdiocese of Sydney, assembled at St. Mary's Presby- tery on the 13th September 1844, when the secretary to the Archbishop laid before them a letter, to be presented to the Colonial Secretary, is reference to some mis- statements made by Bishop Broughton in a sermon preached at the female factory, Parramatta. It appears that the Roman Catholics are offended at certain accusa- tions, which they state, he has thrown out against them in the sermon alluded to. Catholic Church — The most Rev. Dr. Polding, Archbishop of Sydney, attended by his secretary, the Rev. Dr. Gregory, is daily expected here from Hobart Town. The Mayoralty.— At the council board yesterday, Alderman Russell distinctly stated that he would not be a candidate for the mayoralty, and never had any intention of coming forward. Tenders for the Overland Mail. — Per- sons intending to lodge tenders for the conveyance of the overland mail, must bear in mind that Tuesday, the 8th instant, is the last day on which they will be received. 