THE LORD BISHOP OF TASMANIA'S SEVENTH LECTURK. The seventh Lecture of the Lord Bishop of Tasmania was delivered on Sunday evening lust, , 1 lo an overflowing audience, in the Cathedral of St. David's, from Luke v. 21, 41 WJio can forgive J sins, hut God alone?" . Having proved in his former lecture that the ' Sacrament of penance in so far as it consists of nuriculur confession of private und secret sins to the priest, wus not instituted by Cliritl, imr ; enjoined as compulsory in Sciipture, nor was it the practice of the primitive Church, nor enjoined by the enrly fathers, nor enjoined as an article of faitti, until the tourtli Lateran Council, A n 1215 confirmed fay the anathema ol (he Councif of Trent—his Lorasliip proceeded to comment upon another question essentially connected with the same subject, the practice ofnlxolution. The whole spirit and esst.nee of the Gospel consists in the ahsoluiion'of sins, Allliuvesinned —and all who have sinned must die Christ cnine into the world to declare and provide the leuiedy for this universal t>uiit He preached I remission of sins, and he commissioned his Apos. ll»s to do the satue in his name, saying' u husoever sins ye remit they are reiiiilled, nnd whosoever I sins ye retain they are retained," Upon this subject his Lordslnp quoted from his Icctures on . 1 tiie Church Catechism, published in Euglitnd, shortly before his departure ns follows,—"The power of absolution and condemnation conveyed in the words of Christ to the Apostles and their lawful snccessors", muy be regarded in two ways; cither ss judiciul or declaratory. That the Apostles limited iheir exercise of this power in lilt former sense to a few rare occasions, a reference to their Acts und epistolary writings will , j satisfactorily prove, and even llien it will not , appear that their sentence of condemnation I extended beyond the infliction of temporary punishments. When Ananias nnd Sapphira fell ' doven dead at the rebuke ol the Apostle Peter, he ' passed no sentence on their souls, be left spiritual punishment or forgiveness in the hands of a • hiulier power. * * * And when St. Paul ijeliwred over the incestuous Corinthian " to ; Sumiifor thedcKiructiuii ol the flesh, "wmre told tliut it was for the express purpose of rescuing . not coiidenitiiiig llie soul; " that the spirit (in his own words) inieht be sired in tlie day of the Lord Je>us." lr was a senicnne of eircom'nunic.ation from tlie spiritual privilepet of ihe J Church o! God, tliel the uisrrsblp sinner mi»ht feel the desolaltness of being lor a season oul of the pule of God's told, and understand the vilue of the communion ftoin which lie hud been excluded. It was the exercise of the power of | retaining sins. In the next epistl.? of tlie same | Xp'o^'e to ihe Corinthians we ,|,llt .,„ | Se.„et,e l.ad ,h, uesired elTect; for he tell k ih-w lilllt .,;„ lhe „, ClinsV. Il(i fjrl)iiV,. h . na j„, i. :„.,. ,i,„ .,.„, r.i r on-, oer. it was tlie exercise of llie 1 no^er of ' „,„;„.,,_ „t„„ i„j,' | remitting remm.ng sins, sins. Auatn, wtien lie de iveteii uu o Satan - llyicensetts and" Alexander, it was with a the Calatians, whilst lie. speaks ol ihe power and authority ol ecclesiastical (.ensure, bespeaks also of the temper und spirit in which each should be exercised. " Bretluen. if a man be overtaken in a fault, y« which are spiritual, rc-lore such n one in the spirit of ineekn^s, considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted." Thus, ue see "that even the Apostles, invested as ihey were with a perulmr dei;ee of spiriitnil authority, carefully ubstained from any judicial exen isc ofil in pronouncing condemnation, what they did was done in Christ's name, as u solemn protest against sins, which he 1 had forbitlden. And with regard to their premise of foreiveness, the whole tenor of their din'ne . counsel assures us that never did !hey pronounce . absolution, or preach remission of sins, except ^ in the name and under the authority of Christ. j It was in the same spirit that ihe primitive Church interpreted the commission given by our Saviour to his Apostles, and through them lo their successors. Though tliey strongly put forth the truth that God alone has the power to forgive sins,—though all questions referring to eternal rewards und punishments were left exclusively lo f Jim,—they claimed, us u Church, the power of refusing her ordinances, and offices to notorious offenders,—and of restoring them to their forfeited privileges upon satisfactory proof of re pentance; and so Ihey exercised their discretion in binding and loosing, in retaining and remitting sins. And " in all ages of the Church," snvs l Bishop Taylor, " reckoning exclusively from tiie , dny of the Apostles, all the vraces of the Gospel, | all the promises of God weie conveyed, or i consigned, or fully ministered by llie Sacraments, | and by nothing else but what was in order lo them. These were the inlets and doors, by which tbe faithful were admitted into llie outer couits of the Lord's temple, or into the secrels of the kingdom ; end the solemnities themselves were the keys of these doors; and ihey that had the power of administering thein find llie keys of these doors." " In the primitive Church," according io Ihe same authority, " theie was no such thing ns a judicial absolution of sias, used in any Liturgy or Church so far as can appear; but all the absolution of penitents which is recorded, was the mere admitting litem lo the mysteries and society of the faithful in religious oKces, the sum and perfection of which were the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Supper." And in most cases transgressors thus excommunicated and debarred from all ecclesiastical privilege had to undergo a long und severe course of penance, at a test of their sincere contrition before they were re-admitted lothe bosom of the Church. It was by a gradual process that the Priesthood took to themselves ajurficialauthonty of absolving or condemning ; en authority never dreamt of, until the Church of Rome, arrogating to herself the exclusive liile of " Cnlholio," claimed with that title the sole custody of the keys; and established ihe docirine thai absolution at the mouth of her priests was judicial, not declaratory. They meant io say, that they had llie power of actually conferring remission of sins, and of conveying officially a notification of such remission. Tliis doctrine, unheard of in the Greek Churih, and put forth first as a question, rather than as a decision, by Thomas Aquinas, was confirmed in the fourteenth session of the Council of Trent. We now come to ihe enquiry in what sense d"es our own Church regard this doctrine ? She reverts to the practice of die Apostles, She appeals to the kiiown usage of the primitive Church, before worldly feelings had presumed to tamper with God's holiest mysteries or to usurp Uis inalienable privileges. All her forms of absolution are founded upon the presumption of their being addressed !o sincere penitents, and therefore they are, strictly, either conditional and declaratory, or optative or precatory. They put forlh Cbrists promise, not the Church's single judgment; ihey speak in Christ's name, not in the priests' independent aulhoitly. As Nathan said to ibe repentant David "The Lord hBth nut away thy sin," so she, retting in her divine commission, i ; i I • claims to stand in the prophets place'; and, as llie delegated instrument of God declares and pronounces to Hisetring yet repen'ant children, the pardon and remission of their sins. " It is irue," says the judicious Hooker, " that onr Saviour hy these words, whose sins yc remit they are remitted, did ordain judges over our sinful souls, Have them authority to absolve from sin, nnd did tiromise to ratify in Heaven whatsoever they should on earth in execution of this their office; to ibe end that brreby as well his ministers might t->ke encouragement so do iheir duty wjlh a't laitbfiilness, HS nlso his people, admonition, glndly with all reverence tn he ordered by Ihem; both purls knowing thai the functions of the one toward lb* oilier have bis perpmial Assistance and Approbation, llowbeit, all this with two restraints, which every jurisdiction in the world hath ; the one, that llie practice thrreof proceed in due order; the other, that it did not extend rs°Jf beyond due hounds; which bounds or limits iinve so confined penitential jurisdiction, that although there be given umo it the power qt remitting sin, yet no such foveieunty of power, that no sin should be pardonable in man without il." Our articles are silent upon tlie subject of abso- lution—our ordiuation service runs thus: 11 Receive tbe Uolv Ghost fur tbe office anil work of a Priest io tbo Cburcb uf God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose siuB ibou dost forgive thay are forgiven ; and whose sinstliou dost retain they are retained. And be thou afailhful dispenser of tbe word of God and of His toly Sacraments. In the name of tbe Father and of the Son nnd of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Wi'h this authority the Priest has three forms of absolution put into his hands, all declaratory and ministerial, nat usurping the inalienable authority of God to forgive sins, butasseriing the ajtbority of man vested with & commission from God to declare His word . and will concerning the forgiveness of sinner*. Tlie ibird form used in the visitation of the sick ( bears Lbe nearest resemblttoce In that used by tbB . Romish Church, but it is not to be used unless specially desired by the penitent after u special con- ( ft-ssionof sin ; and even Ihen it is followed by n ptayerdistinctly recogoizingilni! it is not lbe Pries:, I but God who forgives sins. I 'I be Romish Church thus addresses the penitent, • " May tbe pussion of our Lord Jesus Christ,^he merits of the lilessed Vitgin Mary, and of all j Saints, end whatever of good tliuu tnayest have done, and of evil thou moyestbare suffered, be to thee fur tbe remission of bins, fur tbo increase of . gtace, and the reward of eternal life. Amen." ' All I uf which, excepting tbe one sacrifice of Christ once offered, have nothing to do witb remission of sins as taught in the liible. 1 he two Churches agree as to tho authority of the Priests to declare God's pardun, iri the character of a herald or ambassador. Hut lbe Council of Trent goes on to say- (Sess. 14, c. ti) " If any one shall say that SBcrameiitol uhsoluiion is not the judicial act of tbe Priest, but a bare ministry of pronouncing and declining that eius are remitted to bun who confesses them, provided only he believes himself to be absolved ; or chould tlie Priest absolve liim not jn earnest but in jest; or if any one shall say. that there is not required the confession of ihe peuitont, so that the Priest may bo able to absolve bim ; let liim be accursed." Though tbo Koiuiali Church is not bound by tbe declarations of liellarmine as she is by those of the Council of Trent, titiv oiore than we are by those of Hooker nnd others, yet tliey hare an cuthoritative index nf opinions commonly held. Thus then Hellarniine (on Peiiuijce, 13.3, c 1.)—" Christ has made bis priests judges upon earth, with sucli power tint without their sentence, no person falling into sto after baptism can be reconciled. Jf they could ho absolved without the sentence of tbe priest, tlieu the promise of Christ would not be true—whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted." Thus remission of sins is taken out of God's bands ; fallible man is made ajadge of tbe secrets of another's heart ; untl finally, the internal and spiritual purls ol itie dor-trice of repentance are taken away, and nil is tested upon the words pronounced *' J ubeolvo, Ac." '•l b - liturgy of St. James alludes to oo such power, Ambrose, Augustine, and Cyprian teacb no such docirine. It is not heard ol in tbe Primitive Church ; if it is. let the maintainors of that doctrine quote their authorities. These, then, are the differences upon this subject betiveen the Church of Home and ourselves. We deny that penance is a sacrament. We deny the power of the church lo require confession lo a priest. IVe do nut insist upon particular absolution as necessuiy lo nil, though we offer it to those who define. « o deny that good works share in any iruy n-ith the work of Christ, in being lo us for ibe remission of sins. U e protest against the judicial power of the priest absolution; and as a cuiiseijueiiie of Ibis, we reject with firmness ilia d.icirint that remission of sins depends upon the intention of the absolving priebl. ifis Lortlship concluded with tbe precatory form of uhsoluticn used in the communion service of the English Clurt h ; and if the olijec a of the Church be not lo sand between the rejientaut 6inner and bis God, Bat rather lo minislor io Ibe work of a perfect re-uniin, nothing could have been selected (in our humbfe opinion) which more appropriated represents tie spirit of that system of theology for whicU till Uisliop so ably contends, and which brought liime to the feelings of every individual of his cruni-d and alleliurc audience the importance of the resstun.-e which bo Ins undertaken eguiusc tbe dootrnes of spiritual despotism. 