Colonial politics. — e©e- BISHOP AGAINST BISHOP; OR RICHARD DUBLIN, EDWARD NORWICH, DANIEL CALCUTTA, AND OTHERS, versus WILLIAM GRANT AUSTRALIA ! Our readers are doubtless aware that Dr. Whateley, the present Archbishop of Dublin— and as-able and zealous a member of the Church of England as Bishop Broughton or any of his clergy — is a mem- ber of the Board of Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, along with the Romish Archbishop and a minister of the Irish- Presbyterian Church, together with various laymen of all the three communions ; and that Dr; Stanley, the present bishop of Norwich, with num- bers of the inferior clergy of the Episco- pal Church, both in England and Ireland, cordially approve of the system of National Education entrusted to their zealous and efficient superintendence. These, however, are not the only instances in which digni- taries of the Episcopal Church have been found making common cause with minis- ters of religion of other communions in fixing upon some plan for the Christian education of youth in those principles and facts of Divine Revelation that are recog- nised and held in common by all who bear the christian name. There is a splendid Educational institution conducted on such principles in the city of Calcutta, called La Martiniere, in the management of which, as well as in the formation of a plan for the Christian education of its youth of both sexes, Dr. Wilson, the present bishop of Calcutta, has for years past been taking part and making common cause with Dr. St. Leger, the Romish Apostolic Vicar, and the Rev. Mr. Charles, the Senior Presbyterian chaplain, of Calcutta. As the origin and history of the Institution we refer to may not be known to most of our readers, and as the facts of the case are exceedingly interest- ing and instructive at the present moment, we shall make no apology for presenting to our readers and the public generally the following sketch. During the latter half of last century, Claude Martin, a native of Lyons, in France, arrived in India as a common soldier under the command of the famous Count Lally, then Governor General and Commander in Chief of the French settle- ments in India.. Martin, however, even- tually left the French service and enlisted in that of the Honourable the East India Company, in which he rose from the ranks to the rank of Major General in the In- dian army. For many years he resided at Lucknow in the kingdom of Oude, where he amassed a splendid fortune, which he left, at his death in the year 1800, for the establishment and support of an Educational Institution in the city of Calcutta, to be called, as he says himself, in his last Will and Testament, La Mar- tiniere, "in perpetual memorandom of of the fundator," and to be under the management and control of the Governor General and Council, together with certain elective Governors to be chosen by them. General Martin had originally been a Roman Catholic; but having discovered, like a true philosopher as he was, that all religions were alike, and had all equally little to do with a man's private conduct, he had lived for many years like a mussulman, having a Zenana or Harem attached to his house for the four wives and the concu- bines ad libitum allowed a believer under the law of the Koran. Obtuse, however, as were his moral perceptions, General Mar- tin had had some idea of the superiority of Christianity to the other religions of India, and he had consequently directed in his Will that the poor children to be educated in La Martiniere should be taught the Christian religion. But what is the Christian religion — that was the question : and considering that General Martin had been born and bred a Roman Catholic, although he ridi- culed all "priestly ceremonies" of all kinds, as he called them himself, to the last, and that he had lived and died like a Ma- hometan and a sensualist, there could be no doubt — so at least thought Daniel Cal- cutta, who was "a very Daniel" in truth — that it was the Christian religion as pro- fessed and by law established in that part of Her Majesty's dominions called Eng- land. It so happened, however, that as this knotty point did not come to be settled, in consequence of certain legal forms and difficulties about the Will, till the year 1835, thirty-five years after the death of the "fundator,'' — when the Whigs had got into power; and such natural inferences as the Bishop's began to be disputed, in influential quarters — the Roman Catholic Vicar Apostolic of Bengal, and the Senior Presbyterian chaplain, together with some influential Non-Episcopalian laymen, were elected Governors of the Institution, to the no small disappointment and chagrin of Daniel Calcutta, and the Council of Ma- nagement agreed to the following Reso- lution:-- "All the great doctrines of redemption, as held by the five main divisions of the Christian world— the English, the Scotch, the Roman Catholic, the Greek, and the Armenian Churches— are our fundamental principles, leaving the Minister of each Church to supply instructions on the sacraments, and matters of discipline, to the children of their own com- munions respectively.' No wonder that Bishop Wilson, alias Daniel Calcutta, should have regarded such an arrangement with extreme dis- pointment and chagrin. No wonder that in writing on the subject to the Governor General he should have said, as he does. "How much more simple and dignified to have let our national church been the substratum, with full indulgence for those children whose parents might raise objections! And how much more conducive to the best interests of the institution in the long run, to have al- lowed the head master to be either a clergyman or a layman, as the case might be but requiring him to be of the Church of England as to his religious principles ! He had no idea in short of this gene- ralizing system, and he gives his reasons as follows:— "For Christianity, in the view of every ex- isting national church, consists in certain facts and doctrines of pure revelation — in the dis- cuvery and application of a remedial system by the Son and Spirit of God — in the incul cation of the fall and ruin of man— repentance unto life - faith in the Son of God - regenera- tion and renewal of heart— moral duties flow- ing from love — prayer, devout study of the Bible, watchfulness, self-denial, preparation for death and judgment, and eternity of fu- ture happiness or misery. "A third and last branch of Christianity is the discipline of the church,. the succession of the apostolical authority, obedience to bishops and pastors, consolation to the conscience in trouble, public worship of God, litanies and collects, and other prayers, the preaching of God's word, the preparation for the sacra ment, the keeping holy the Lord's Day, &c.; We now quote from a pamphlet on the subject, printed in London, by the Bishop's chaplain, the Rev. Josiah Bateman. When the Bishop's letter had been fully cir- culated, and ample time allowed, the Gover- nors again met in the Council Chamber, and the Chief Justice made his proposal in agree- ment with the plan presented by the Secretary to the effect : — " That the school should be conducted gene- rally on the principles of Christianity, but without reference to any particular denomina- tion of Christians, and to the exclusion of all sectarianism." This was met and opposed by the Bishop, on the grounds and for the reasons mentioned in his letter. A long debate ensued, which ended in a division of equal numbers, or with a small majority in favour of the original proposition. On this point of numbers, I am not myself quite certain ; but I know that the Bishop failed in carrying his point, and that, in the absence of one or more of the Governors, it was agreed to adjourn the meeting, and postpone the final decision. Here, however, the last hope vanished, for the absent member or members were avowedly opposed to the Bishop, and his defeat was inevitable. Now came the question of duty. He had used his utmost efforts, and failed. Would it become him to resign his office and retire altogether, or should he remain, and endeavour to avert as much of the evil he apprehended, as possible? He had fought for the Church - should he now fight for Christianity? Now we cannot help thinking, that in such circumstances the Bishop pursued a very prudent course in determining for the affirmative on so knotty a question. "He had fought for the Church,'' to use the expressive language of his chaplain; surely it was right for him afterwards "to fight for Christianity" ! At all events, it was not his duty, he conceived, to retire from all future connection with an Educa- tional Institution having from £100,000 to £200,000 at the disposal of its go- vernors, merely because the majority of these governors determined to sink all sectarianism ; and probably his interest, as, well as his duty, had something to do with the rational conclusion. At all events, Bishop Wilson is one of those sensible men who, when they find they cannot get all they wish, gladly take all they can get ; who make a mighty fuss about "principles and conscience and duly," till they find they can't get what they would be at ; and who then find to their comfort that principle and conscience and duty had nothing to do in the matter. Now we have reason to be- lieve that if our own Legislative Council will only stand firm on the present occasion, like the Supreme Council in India, and consult the welfare of the whole com- munity by establishing a General System of Education, Bishop Broughton and all his clergy will in due time very quietly fol- low the good example of Daniel Calcutta, by endeavouring to make the best of their bad bargain. To return to Mr. Bateman, whose cau- tious language, afraid lest he should com- mit himself, is amusing enough. The other party now passed their final reso- lution, which, in deference to the Bishop and those that supported him, was , found to be considerably modified. Sir Edward Ryan pro- posed, "That the public religious instruction given to the children of the school be in con- formity with the principles held in common by the English, Scotch, Roman, Greek, and Armenian churches ; but that the school be not placed under any particular denomination of Christians, and that no points which are in controversy between the said churches be touched upon in the course of public instruc- tion." This resolution was proposed and carried by the majority, accepted and acquiesced in by the minority, and UNANIMOUSLY ADOPTED BY ALL. On this broad basis, therefore, Bishop Wilson finally agreed to make common cause with the Romish Vicar, and the Presbyterian chaplain, in drawing up a summary of those fundamental principles of Christianity in which all the national churches above-mentioned are agreed, and the following report was the result of their joint labours:— "Report, &c.;, of the Committee appointed to frame a plan, &c;, "1st. Your Committee submit, that in order to meet the first rule adopted by the Honourable Governors, the religious instruc- tion of the children must be divided into two parls; the one general, the other particular; the one embracing the fundamental truths of Christianity, as they are held in common by the five great existing divisions of Christendom enumerated in the rule; the other relating to discipline, church government, the sacraments; and other matters on which differences more or less important exist. Your Committee consider that the first part should be taught daily and publicly to all the children by the head-master of the school ; the second pri- vately, and on particular days, by the Ministers and teachers whom the parents of the respective children may, with the approbation of the Governors, select. "2nd. The following are the main truths held in common, on which the public religious instruction should in your Committee's opinion, proceed. " 1st. The Being of God; his unity and perfections. " 2nd. The Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, a revelation inspired by the Holy Ghost. " 3rd. The Mystery of the adorable Trinity. " 4th. The Deity, Incarnation, Atonement,, and Intercession of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. " 5th. The fall and corruption of man ; his accountableness and guilt. " 6th. Salvation through grace, by the meritorious sacrifice and redemption of Christ. " 7th; The personality and Deity of the Holy Spirit, and his operations and grace in the sanctification of man. 8th. The indispensable obligation of re- pentance towards God, faith in Christ, and continual prayer for the grace of the Holy Spirit. " 9th. The moral duties which every Chris- tian is bound to perform towards God, his neighbour, and himself, as they are summed up in the ten commandments, and enlarged upon in other parts of the Holy Scriptures, all based on the doctrines above specified, and enforced as their proper fruits. " 3rd. As to the first of these branches of the religious instruction — the public and jcncml — iiio Committee recommend that it be chiefly drawn from the Hrily Scriptures themselves such simplo instruction being given by the Masters and Mistresses in a cate. cheticui form as may.be adapted to the capa cities of the children, on the -points which fall within the limit's of the public 'teaching ; all matters which Itching to the private, or which touch on controversy, being sedulously avoided. " 1th. With respect to versions of the Scriptures, your Committee will offer their 'opinion 'under a subsequent rule. "5th. Tito second branch of the religions instruction — tiie private and particular— will require no regulations from your Committee; it will he merely supplementary, so that what is, in the judgment of the parents and guiudin-snf the respective children, omitted, or insufficiently taught in public, may thus be supplied. In this private teaching the entire catechisms of the different churches, and the versions of the Holy Scriptures approved by tlicin, tnav of course be freely used. " tit ti. Wc conic next to the subject of family devotional exercises, atad the public worship of Almighty God- " The daily morning and evening family prayers, your Committee suggest, 'should be r« nd by the head master from a form of prayer extracted from different Liturgies, which we have prepared, and which accompanies these rulos. On these occasions, nu tne cnnuren 01 both rexes, and all Masters and Mistresses, with ail the Christian members of the house hold, should attend. "The lamily devotions should not exceed ten or fifteen minutes altogether in length. "The Master and Mistresses are to allow Alsii a few minutes to the children for private prayer, hefore'they retire to bed at night, and when they rise in the morning,. IF"" ,7th; On Sunday mornings, ytiur Com mittee think- all the children should be con. ducted to their respective churches arid chapels, for the worship of the Almighty Gild, in the manner and uf'tor the rites-approved, by their parents, "'On Sunday evenings, they recommend that the ordinary family devotions be rend, with the addition of a suitable sermon, ..to be approved of by tiie Governors. " The same also to be done on Sunday mornings when circumstances may prevent the children from going out ; with the addi. tion of a Litany-extracted from one or more of tiie Liturgies of different Churches-- " Sih. As it respects versions of the Holy Scriptures, your Committee are aotaware that the Greek and Armenian Churches have -any vcisiou of their own. The English arid Scotch Churches use the authorised English version. It remains only that the base of the Church of Kiirhc be considered, whiolfhas long'possessed an English version of its own— (hat 6f Douliy and Ilbeiius. We recommend that whenever tiie Roman Catholic childien are required to have the Holy Scriptures in their hands, and to learn lessons, or receive direct religious in struct ions from fhcin, this version be permitted to be employed the copies being, of course, without notes or indexes which touch on con I IU V L> I y ill ill' MIL ilJlyvlbl liihlll Cttlw IU |J1ULC the children in different classes, so that no confusion may. arise by the variations in the readings, " As, this, however, would riot he done in family pruyer, where all the children of all classes and each sex, as well' as the christian household, aye assembled together, we are of opinion lhut the portions of the Holy Seriptures directed'- to be read us n part of doctrines should be taken from the autnorised: English version, the selection being, of course, subject to the provisions of the foregoing rules. Your Committee do not, know that they need proceed more into detail. Much will and ought to be left to the head- master, if he be a man of piety, talent, discretion, and temper His suggestions, founded on experience, will be of the greater value. Much will also depend on the n .umber, description, age, arid capacities, of the children. But your Committee feel a gient confidence that by this union of public and religious instruction, on the basis of the great doctrines of redemption held by the universal church, with the private inculcation of what regards church discipline, the sacra nient.s, and other matters of eontruvcrsy, the pructieul blessings of a christian education may lie eonvejed to the children, without in. difference and luiitudinanunisni on the one hand, or a spirit of debute und prosclytism on the other. " ' Daniel Calcutta. " Robbkt St Leger,V.A. "James Chahles. '"August 31, 1S35.'" Now what Bishop Wilson was thus in duced to do in Calcutta, to preserve- the influence and the hold which his commu nion had on an important Educational Ins titution in India, is all that Bishop Brough- ton and his clergy are required to do to secure the benefits and the blessings of a General System of Education for the youth of this Colony, to bo conducted agreeably to the principles of our common Chris tianity. That there are fundamental prin ciples of the christian religion on which sill churches are agreed, Bishop' Wilson, alias Daniel Calcutta, strongly affirms. He did exactly what Archbisli»ji> Whalely did in Ireland. The attempt to Establish a great difference between the procedure of Bishop Wilson on the one hand 'a'nd that of Archbishop Whately as the advocate of the Irish System on the other, is worthy only of the men who make it— it- is a piece of contemptible shuffling. 