THE " COLONIAL OBSERVER." REDI VIVUS. Ami a period of suspended animation, the Colonial Observer started to life again on Thursday last. This sudden rcsurrect'on was not unexpected ; Indeed it was always looked for by those who knew the de parted spirit, and how ill at ease it could endure the luriiieiiib oi tiie uisi'muouieu state, ror six months the Observer was a lifeless corpse ; and its master spirit seemed like the ghost of the Flying Dutchman, to be dourned to foul weather, and never to double the' Cape of Good Hope. Like the fabled VanDer- d token, lie appeared always beating to windward, car rying all sail, and overhauling other ships, in the vain hope of finding some medium of communication with the world. But barred from the privilege of correspondence, and of being heard, the spirit of the Observer soon chafed under the mockery and vcxa- - tion of the disembodied state, and could not rest till I it reanimated the body it originally inhabited, and assnmed its original form and organic functions as a weekly journal of New South Wales. As might be expected, the first use our contempo rary makes of his resumed faculty is to retaliate upon i his tormentors — to tell, the grief his soul endured I whilst absent from the body, to witness such "antic 1 tricks" played off " before high heaven," not only I by the Tory Diurnals, but even by the Weekly j Puseyite within the sacred precincts of his own Mau- j solemn ! Oh, what a rage he seems to be in ! We j pity the unfortunate devils that are destined for his I lash ; but when he has satiated his wrath upon his 1 foes, and set himself right again, we shall rejoice J that the cause of Civil and Religious Liberty, in this' I colony, shall have restored to it the powerful and active energies of so, eminent a champion, in connexion with the Press, Never, in the history of this colony, were the services of such men more called for ; and never was there so urgent an occasion for strong and associated exertion on the part of the people, and of those who have their interest at heart, than -at the present crisis. As a religious journal, the Observer will, of course, be the advocate of evangelical Pro estantism, on the voluntary principle ; and the subject of public education, on constitutional and conscientious grounds, will doubtless be dealt wjth, by our contem porary, in due season. T6 himself, therefore, we shall leave the peculiar province of a religious jour nalist, as one from which the prescribed range of our plan precludes us, and one, too, into which — though " tools- rush in where angels fear to tread-" — we, at least; are too sensible of our own imperfections, to presume to trespass. In regard to polities, however, we believe that is a province in which our respective interests and views I are not likely to clash oh the contrary, we trust that I the general who first taught us the art of literary warfare, and under whose banner we fought our first batt)es, will riot deem it derogatory to his dignity to co-dperate occasionally and consistently with the hufnble, but honest, efiorts of his pupil, in fighting -for the same common cause. Mails. — rTlie mail for London, per General Hewitt, will close to-day at ten o'clock a;m. The Legislative Council We see by a proclamation in the Government Gazette of yesterday, that this council stands prorogued to the 28th May next. Masonic Meetings for the Week— Monday, April' 8th, Leinster Marine Lodge, No. 2G6 at the Masonic Hall, York-street, at seven o'clock p.' m. Thursday, April 11th, Leinster Marine Lodge of Instruction, at Abe Masonic Hall, at half-past seven o'clock p.m. Friday, R. A. C. Lodge of Instruc tion, No. 266, at the Masonic Hail, at seven p.m. "Odd-Fellowship.— The ttntiiversnry diii» nei; of the Loyal Strangers' Refuge Lodge, No. '2433, of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows, Manchester Unity, will be-held at Host Gray's, Light house Inn, corner of Bathurst and Sussex-streets, on Easter Monday e.vening ; fcvhen it is expected there will be a numerous attendance of Brothers, as it is not only the anniversary of the Loyal Strangers' Lodge, but also of the introduction of the order into the colony. The dinner will be got up by Deputy Grand Master Iiolman, whose philanthropy and zeal for the extension of the Order has induced him to lower the price of admission tickets to half what they were on any previous occasion ; thereby affording an opportunity to all Brethren to spend a happy and jovial night. From our knowledge of Deputy Grand Master- Holman we aie confident the entertainment will be such as will reflect credit on himself, and give entire satisfaction to all who may partake of it. The Financial Qua-terly Coin mi I tee of the United Brothers' Lodge, of the Independent ' Order of Odd' Fellows, Manchester Unity, will be held at Host Solomon's, Albion Inn, George-street on Thursday evening, 11th instant, at half-past seven o'clock. ! The Theatre — In our last it was men tioned as a matter of report, and of cono-ratula- tion, that in addition to Nesbitt, the enterprise of the new management of the Victoria had engaged also the services of Mr. and Mrs. Coppin. This we, and all our readers who care about theatricals, were rejoiced to hear ; for certainly two more talented performers, in their respective lines, than Mr. and Mrs. C. the colony has never seen. We are sorry, however, to be called upon to contradict the good news, and say- that Mr. and Mrs. C.have not only not Deen engaged, but have not even re ceived an offer as yet. The public have a right to expect that all the available talent in the colony, and especially that of two such favourites as the Coppins, shall be engaged ; and if Mr. Knight takes our advice, as a friend and well-wisher of his and of the theatra, he Avill not risk the public disappointment, or compromise his judgment as a judicious and liberal caterer for the public amuse ment, under any consideration or prejudice what ever. With all the talent now in the market he gain laurels, and more substantial rewards for himself, by forming as creditable and efficient a corps drumatique as there is out of London, and be thereby enabled to-redeem, at length, the legiti mate drama from degradation in this colony, and give variety and excellence to the course of enter tainments. Windsor and the Hawkesbury.— -We perceive that William Foster, Esq., is now with his friends in this district. The worthy member for the county, as ve understand, intends visiting his dif ferent constituents before the next session of council. ———It is thought that, at the next annual licensing meeting, one or more of the present publicans would retire, the teetotal principles having made so great an inroad on their business as to have almost made their license a sinecure. Depasturing Licenses. — Bj a procla mation in the Government Gazette of Tuesday last, the Governor has directed that parties occupying stations shall in future- take out a license for every station occupied j no one station to consist of more than twenty square miles in area. This proclamation has spread dismay and consternation through the city, and a public meeting has been called on the subject, to be held at the Royal Hotel on Tuesday next. Illawarra. — The Corporation Surveyor is strenuously engaged in surveying this district, for the purpose o. discovering which of the line of roads over the mountains is the most practicable and easy. The cause of temperance, under the able advocacy of the Rev. Mr. Rigney, is rapidly advancing in the district, and the beneficial effects that have followed it are already felt. The Rev. Dr, Ross (the Inde pendent Minister), and Mr. Hirst (the Wesleyan Minister), have been on a ministerial visit to the dis trict. The list of the electors of the district is again undergoing revision, the election for district coun cillors taking place in May next. Four , or five gentlemen are named as likely to propose themselves as candidates. Sharp Work.— On Thursday Mr. Ryan Brenan laid down his watch, valued at sixty guineas, in a private p'acu in the police-office, and on going away, forgot it. He immediately, however, returned, but tlie watch was not to be found, nor has it since been heard of. Interrsting to' Attornies. — rBy the new libel law it is a punishable offence to demand a sum of money with a threat, that if the money be not paid, something of or concerning the party appli ed to shall be published. We beg leave to warn attor nies, against the danger of writing letters for pay ment of debt, threatening to issue a writ if the demand be not complied with. The issuing of a writ certainly amounts to a publication; and demand for money, accompanied by a threat of writ in the event of non-payment, would certainly fall under the "wholesome" provisions of the new libel law. An announcement of an intention to out-law is undoubtcly a horrid case of defamati.on ; and it is to be hoped that the slandered individuals, whose names are made to figure every now and then in the libellous list nnhlishp.d hv the sheriff, will take advan- of the admirable new'law in their favour.— -Punch. 