SUPREME COURT.- CIVIL SIDE. Before His Honor Mr. Justice Montagu, and . Juries of four Esquires. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 12. There being no assessment cases for settlement, the Court sat this day for the despatch of business. The first case set down for trial, that of Kerr v. Joseph, was postponed on the application of Mr. Macdowell, in consequence of tho sudden indispo- sition of Mr. Stanley, the Solicitor of one of the parties. Everett v. McKenna. For tho plaintiff, Mr. Macdowell, with Mr. Rowlands. For the defendant, the Attorney-General, with Mr. Wynne. Mr. Macdowell stated the case to the jury; it was an action brought to recover the sum of £150, by Patrick Everett from John M'Kenna ; the de- claration contained two counts: the first, claiming the amount alleged to be due for meat, drink, &c;, -the second, for wages for tho services of the plaintiff and his wife, from the month of August, 1842, to last April, at the rato of £1 per week_ The defendant, observed the learned counsel, was afflicted with paralysis, and had been for a long time in a state of helpless feebleness, requiring the performance of many offices anything but pleasant, which it would be unnecessary to detail. In the month of August 1842, the defendant sent for the plaintiff and his wife, and agreed with them that they should lodge in his (M'Kcnna's) house, have the use of his garden, on condition that they should supply the defendant with food, wood, and water, and that Mrs. Everett should attend upon him in tho capacity of nurse and servant ; for this McKenna had agreed to givo tho plaintiff 1 pound per week, and it was far the amount alleged to be due that the present action was brought. The learned counsel called two witnesses : the first, one Garrett O'Neil, stated, that he formerly lodged at Mr. M'Cann's, (M'Kenna, the defen- dant,) and was present when M'Cann sent for Everett and his wife ; on that occasion the defen- dant agreed to give Everett £1 a-week, upon the conditions mentioned by the learned counsel ; the plaintiff worked at some stores on the Wharf, and his wife attended upon M'Cann, which the witness had observed upon several occasions, when he went backwards and forwards to the house. This witness was closely cross-examined by the Attorney-General, who endeavoured to elicit that witness had originally offered to become a witness for M'Kenna, but that they could not agree upon the terms ; this the witness denied, but admitted that his name was put down as a witness on some paper, " by some blind lawyer who drew up the case for M'Kenna, for which, and the points of law, ho received the sum of £3 as his fee." (Laughter.) The witness also stated, that he was put in the watchhouse a few days ago, for being drunk and " blowing up Mistress M'Cann ;" no one was present when the agreement was made except the witness, M'Kenna, Everett, and his wife ; Everett was not worth 2d., but M'Cann had a house of his own and was considered worth money. Another witness stated that she had seen Mrs. Everett " doing" for the defendant for a period of of eighteen or nineteen months. Everett was a labouring man, with four or five children, who were all living at M'Kenna's ; Everett had his arm broken, and was ill for some time at M'Kenna's house. The Attorney-General mildly characterised this case as very extraordinary indeed. The plaintiff was a poor man, not worth one farthing, and the defendant was a man well known, and reputed to be worth money. He was married, too, and in addition to the constant services of his own wife, it was now alleged that he had required and re- ceived those of the plaintiff and his wife. The learned counsel first submitted that there was no proof of any agreement between the defendant and the plaintiff, and then contended that the occa- sional services performed by Mrs. Everett were merely acts of kindness, in return for the use of the defendant's house and garden for the plaintiff and his family. He called John Hodsoll, "the blind lawyer," spoken of by Mr. Garrett O'Neil, who de- posed to tho effect that he (witness) assisted the defendant in the case now before the court, in dictating to an " amanuensis'' of the defendant, the proper matter for the instruction of his solici- tor ; Garrett O'Neil stopped witness in the street, a few days ago, and walked some distance with him; during the ramble, a conversation ensued about the present case, when Mr. Garrett O'Neil declared with considerable emphasis that he would, after our colonial fashion, swear for the man who who would pay him the most. The learned Judge, who had recalled O'Neil, that he might hear this evidence, questioned Hodsoll, with great minuteness, as to the particu- lar time, and where this conversation took place, when the witness stated that it was in a walk from near Stone Buildings along Murray-street, on a morning when witness had been at the Catholic Church ; he persisted in the politic declaration of Mr. O'Neil, who (witness said) bestowed many ,bad names upon Mr. M'Kenna, at the samo time. O'Neil being questioned on the subject, posi- tively denied having ever said any such thing, and declared that he never spoke to Hodsoll in the street, in his life. His Honor briefly addressed the jury upon the nature of the contract between the parties, and left it to them to say whether there was one or not. The jury found that there was a contract, and gave tho plaintiff a verdict for £76, being £1 a week for seventy-six weeks. [We have given tho case somewhat in detail, as it will show the necessity which exists for care and caution in entering into an agreement ; the agreement ought always to be in writing, when no mistake could possibly occur. Cook v. Cook Executrix. For tho plaintiff, Mr. Macdowell, with Mr. Rowlands ; for the defendant, Mr. Montagu, and Messrs. Butler and Son. The present action was brought to recover an action due for wages, tho plaintiff, being the brother of the late Air. Richard Cooke, who died recently at Port Phillip, and having been engaged as an overseer at Mr. Steele's farm at Green Point ; in this capacity, the plaintiff continued at the farm, with the knowledge of Mrs. Cook, his sister-in-law, who, however, discharged him by a written notice, and now disputed the claim for wages. Verdict for the plaintiff-£35. Parlar and Wife v. Featherstone. For the plaintiff the Attorney-General, with Mr. Rowlands ; for the defendant, Mr. Macdowell, with Messrs. Butler and Son. This was action brought to recover damages in compensation for an assault ; the defendant de- nied the assault, and alleged that the plaintiff had previously assaulted him. The real plaintiff in this action is the wife of a foreigner, a boat-builder and jobber on the New Wharf; and evidence was adduced to show, or rather attempt to show, that on a certain day, the 4th of March last, tho defendant " struck and kicked" the fair plaintiff, " the whole length of Antill-street," some hundred yards or so, when Mrs. Parlar fell down. Dr. Crook stated, that on being called to the plaintiff, he found her bleeding from a wound over the eye, and in a state of great weakness ; (the learned Doctor called it a "collapse;") his treat- ment was extremely simple; he ordered her a glass of water, (for " tho collapse ?") and bade her good evening ; she requiring no further at- tendance on his part. For the defendant it was proved, that on the morning of tho day mentioned, Mrs. Parlar had abused him on the New Wharf, railing at him " in good set terms," about some account her hus- band owed Mr. Featherstone ; not satisfied with her abuse by that " unruly member the tongue," Mrs. Parlar knocked Mr. Fcatherstone's hat off his head, and then punched a hole in it (the hat.) In the evening Mrs. Parlar repeated the abuse, verbal as well as physical, at Mr. Featherstone's residence, when becoming rather too obstreperous, the defendant pushed her from him, when, losing her balance, silo fell off the curb and cut her eye. Tho jury of course returned a verdict for the defendant. Kerr and anr. v. M'Nish. For the plaintiffs, Mr. Montagu, with Mr. Smailes ; for the defendant, the Attorney-General, with Mr. Gill. The plaintiffs, Messrs. Kerr and M'Pherson, being trustees for the estate of Mr. Wiseman, the saddler, had engaged the defendant to collect the debts due to the estate ; and the present action was brought to recover the sum of £66 12s. 4d., which it was alleged the defendant had collected. The sum of £5 19s. had been paid into Court, and the defendant alleged that the remainder of the £66 was due to him for commission, at the rate of 7¿ per cent. It was shown that the defendant had been ap- pointedd collector, several persons upon whom he had called had subsequently paid their accounts to Messrs. Kerr and M'Pherson, and others to Mr. Wiseman himelf. The question now was, whether the defendant was entitled to a commission on the sums so paid, or merely on those paid ac- tually to himself. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff of £8 10s. 6d., thus deciding that the defendant was entitled to the commission on the sums paid through his agency, no matter to whom. THURSDAY, JUNE 13. Dickson v. Dickson. This case was, by mutual consent, referred to the arbitration of Mr. Sorell. The Attorney General appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Mac- dowell for the defendant. Luehman v. Kramer, For the plaintiff, Mr. Macdowell, with Mr. Rowlands; for the defendant, Mr. Montagu, with Mr. M'Minn. Mr. Macdowell explained the case to the jury. This was an action brought to recover £40, being the alleged value of three pairs of working bullocks, with bows, yokes, and chains, sold by the plaintiff to the defendant, and delivered to him at his order. Tho plaintiff and defendant had farms near New Norfolk. The latter, on an occasion of a quiet ramble near the farm of the plaintiff, his experienced eye fell upon some bullocks, which he greatly admired. The defendant made an offer of purchase, and it was arranged that the bullocks should be removed to the defendant's estate, there to luxuriate in " fresh fields and pastures now." Four of the bullocks were accordingly taken to Mr. Kramer's farm, and were received in his pre- sence ; the other two being absent without leave, were not sent at the same time, but were subse- quently delivered upon an order signed by Mr. Young, the managing man of the defendant. To prove the facts, Mr. Macdowell called James Fuller, who deposed as follows :-In the month of January last, witness was overseer to the plain- tiff, Mr. Luehman; he knew Mr. Kramer, and that gentleman came to his employer's farm, when Mr. Luckman directed witness to " look up" the bullocks which Mr. Kramer had purchased. On that occasion, Mr. Kramer stayed all night; witness could only yoke up four of the bullocks, not being then able to find the other two ; witness mentioned this circumstance in Mr. Kramer's pre- sence, and both the plaintiff and the defendant were present when the four bullocks were sent to Mr. Kramer's farm ; the other two were delivered a few days afterwards to a man named Parsons, who carne with a written order; a short time after this, witness casually met Mr. Kramer, and asked him how he liked tho bullocks ; Mr. Kramer replied, that he liked them very well; the two bullocks that wore last sent were denominated -the one " Spot," the other " Strawberry ;" they were two " rattling good beasts," but not so old, nor quite so large as the other four. On his cross-examination by Mr. Montagu, this witness said, that one of the four bullocks had one of his horns broken, but was, in all other re- spects quite sound ; witness did not see the order brought by Parsons ; it was given to young Mr. Luckman. Mr. James Luckman, junior, saw Mr. Kramer at his father's house, on tho l8.th and 19th of Ja- nuary last ; four bullocks, which Mr. Kramer had purchased of his father were put into Mr. Kramer's cart, and driven away ; two other bullocks were afterwards delivered to a person named Parsons ; one pair of bullocks was bought for £14, and the six sold to Mr. Kramer were worth £7 each. Mr. C. Young, was in Mr. Kramer's service in January last, at the farm, near New Norfolk; four bullocks were delivered at the farm, which Mr. Kramer said he had purchased of Mr. Luck- man, and that two more were to come ; witness afterwards sent a letter to Mr. Luckman's for the other two, and for the gear ; they were sent to Mr. Kramer's; they were all good bullocks, in good condition, and in witness's opinion were worth £7 each ; they did their work very well. Mr. Montagu here submitted that in the present form of action, some specific price must be proved as having been agreed upon, and of which there was not a tittle of evidence ; there was only one count for goods sold and delivered. The learned gentleman quoted a case in support of his opinion. Mr. Justice Montagu having referred to the " case " directed the learned counsel to proceed. Mr. Montagu then opened the case for the de- fendant. At the time Mr. Luckman agreed to let Mr. Kramer have the bullocks, Mr. Kramer said, he had been offered good working bullocks at £5 10s. each, and it was then understood that Mr. Luckman was to receive that price for his. After Mr. Kramer had had them for somo time, an account was sent in, charging £7 10s. for each, thus attempting to fix Mr. Kramer with a price he never intended to pay. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. MONDAY, JUNE 17. The Court was greatly crowded this morning by a number of country gentlemen, reverend clergymen, and others, respectable citizens, &c;, in order to witness the trial of the cause Richardson, v. Armytage. The following special jurors were sworn to try tho case :-Edward Wilkinson, foreman ; J. G. Marzetti,-White,-Nutt, W. M. Tennent, J. Beamont, G. Watson, G. Hunt, R. Cleburne, H. Meaburn, James Barnard, and Charles Bilton, Esquires. This was an action for slander brought by the plaintiff, Mrs. Ellen Richardson, against Mr. G. Armytage ; the damages were laid at £2000. For the plaintiff, Messrs. Macdowell and Mon- tagu, with Mr. Prichard ; for the defendant, tho Attorney and Solicitor-Generals, with Mr. Pit- cairn. Mr. Montagu having opened the pleadings, Mr. Macdowell rose to address the jury. The learned counsel could not but have perceived, on the opening of the defendant's pleas, that a certain letter, the writing of which was attributed to the plaintiff, had excited considerable merriment on the part of the learned Solicitor-General, upon whose expressive features a smile of the blandest oharacter had smoothly played. He (Mr. Mac- dowell) only hoped that this agreeable feeling would continue in tho mind of the learned gentle- man to the end of the trial, and still enlighten his countenance with its agreeable expression. This action, as the jury would have perceived, was for slander, and the declaration comprised a number of counts. The learned counsel here explained the nature of the different counts, as well as thoso particular ones to which the defendant had pleaded, and those to which he had not, and then proceeded to point out the leading circumstances of the case. Mrs. Richardson, the plaintiff, had been for some time past carrying on the profession of a school- mistress in the same neighbourhood as the de- fendant. She arrived in the colony at tho latter end of the year 1839, the widow of a professional gentleman who had died in straightened circum- stances, and was thus obliged to avail herself of those talents which she unquestionably possessed. She came to the colony with a mercantile gentle- man named Borrodaile, at present residing at Launceston, having undertaken the tuition of that gentleman's family during the voyage. Shortly after her arrival in the colony, Mrs. Richardson engaged in tho family of Mr. George Armytage, the defendant in the present action, where she continued for nine or ten months ; but not finding the situation consonant either to her feelings or her condition, she gave Mr. Armytage notice to leave. Before, however, Mrs. Richardson left Mr. Armytage, his son Thomas, who had been taking charge of a sheep farm at Port Phillip, returned to his father's house, where he became acquainted with Mrs. Richardson, and - which could not be surely attributed as a crime to the plaintiff-he became exceedingly attached to her. The consequence of this was, a matrimonial en- gagement between the parties ; but it was objected to on the part of the defendant on the ground of Mrs. Richardson's poverty. It was arranged, however, that if the son, who was then about to proceed to Port Phillip, should on his return entertain the same sentiments, to be reciprocated by Mrs. Richard- son, the match might take place, provided satis- factory answers would be returned to some letters which Mrs. Richardson had sent home to England. After Mr. Thomas Armytage had resided for some months at his father's, he returned to Port Phillip, and a promise was exacted by tho defen- dant that all correspondence should cease between the parties. This promise, the learned counsel thought proper to state, was not kept by either ; but surely that was not an offence of so great a magnitude as to have called down upon the plaintiff the grievous condemnation which had followed. The learned counsel here described the progress which Mrs, Richardson had made, with her school, which she had commenced after leaving Mr. Armytage's, and that a misunderstanding had ensued between the plaintiff and the defendant relative to some repairs which Mr. Armytage had engaged to make in a cottage occupied by Mrs. Richardson. Previously to this, however, Mr. Armytage had sent his own children, and strongly recommended others to the school, on the ground that Mrs. Richardson's talents and moral qualities were of tho highest ord. Under these circum- stances Mrs. Richardson's school very greatly increased, when intelligence arrived of the death at Port Phillip of Mr. Thomas Armytage. When Mr. Armytage informed Mrs. Richardson of this event, shen then acknowledged that she had con- tinued the correspondence, when Mr. and Mrs. Armytago expressed their melancholy satisfaction at the circumstance, as doubtless their son had received gratification from it. Mr. and Mrs. Armytage afterwards called upon Mrs. Richard- son, and saying they only had a small portion of their son's writing, wished her to give up his letters, when she gave up six or seven-retaining some. The learned counsel mentioned this to show, that if a pure affection existed between the plaintiff and the defendant's son, such a communication as the letter referred to in tho declaration, could never have been written by the plaintiff. Before Mrs. Richardson had heard of the death of Mr. Thomas Armytage, she had written him a letter at Port Phillip, which was returned to her un- sealed, but it would seem that the " gentleman," who had undertaken the re-delivery of this letter to Mrs. Richardson, had previously opened and read it; and it was intended, Mr. Macdowell believed, to place that gentleman in the box, to prove the authenticity of Mrs. Richardson's writing. Shortly after this, Mrs. Richardson heard through a friend, that a most gross and scandalous calumny had been circulated respecting her, in her immediate neighbourhood ; and the clergyman of the parish having also heard the report, thought proper to question the reputed author, who being an assigned servant (named Piper) to Mr. Armytage, he was taken to the Police-office, where certain depositions were taken before the magistrates. At this investigation, and this was an important fact, Mr. Armytage stated, that he did not remove his children from Mrs. Richardson's school from what Piper said, but from a confession made to Mrs. Armytage by Mrs. Richardson, that she had admitted Mr. Thomas Armytage into her bed-room, after the family were in bed. On another occasion Mr. Armytage had stated, he had taken away his children from what Piper said. What Piper said was this,-being alarmed by the barking of dogs, and suspecting that bushrangers were about, he got up, and hearing a noise in the sitting-room, he peeped under the door and saw Mrs. Richard- son in a very improper position with a man on the sofa ; this was on the night after Mr. Thompson's robbery by the bushrangers. His Honor Mr. Justice Montagu here interposed as he did not think that evidence in a Court of Justice could be considered as libellous. After a short discussion tho learned counsel proceed- ed Piper professed to have seen what was going on, but Mr. Armytage stated that he did not be- lieve him ; but if the jury found that the defen- dant had assigned one cause to one person, and another cause to a second, for the removal of his children, the jury would have a right to infer pre- meditated malice from such a proceeding. The affair, however, as far as Piper was concerned, did not succeed ; and some other attempt must be made to blast and destroy the character of the plaintiff ; and it was done ! The jury would bear in recollection the reasons given by the defendant at the Police-office for taking his children away ; the confession, namely, of Mrs. Richardson ; this certainly was a most remarkable confession for the plaintiff to make ; what cause-what induce- ment-what temptation could that lady have had for doing so ? But Piper's affair fell short of the mark ; and that occurred on the 18th Nov. 1843. If at that time " the letter" was in the possession of Mr. Armytage, it would have been quite suffi- cient to warrant the removal of his children ; one would presume that a document which could not lie, provided, indeed, it were genuine, would be better evidence than Mrs. Richardson's own ex- traordinary confession of her own misdeeds ; that letter could have done the deed more effectually ; but no ; two months afterwards, there came a dim and distant, and mysterious intimation of a certain letter, and a conversation with Mr. Davis, of Pontville, wherein Mr. Armytage stated, that he had in his possession letters of Mrs. Richardson's, the perusal of which would make his hair stand on end ; and again, such letters that even an aban- doned prostitute would not write. But then came the question, when did Mr. Armytage get these letters ? The learned counsel put it to the jury, as men of feeling and humanity, whether the de- fendant, upon the discovery ot this document, and believing it to be genuine, would, if he had any regard for his departed son, ever have promulgated it ? Or would he have sacrificed the memory and manes of his son, to gratify his own inveterate malice ? He would ask them again, as fathers, as brothers, whether, if on finding such a letter amongst the papers of their deceased relative, they would not have sought to consign it to utter oblivion? But when, where, or how these letters have been found, are among the mysteries to be solved by his learned friend on the other side. The learned counsel here referred to certain con- versations held between Mr. Armytage, and Messrs. Cox, J. Murdoch, H. Best, &c;, all tend- ing to disparage and abuse the plaintiff, and to reduce the number of the children in her school. Mr. Macdowell then adverted to a strange com- munication which he had received from Mr. Ar- mytage, affirming that Mrs. Richardson had cir- culated reports prejudicial to his character, and after requesting the jury to discard everything from their minds but the evidence before them ; he called upon them to give exemplary damages, not only for the loss the plaintiff had sustained in he rprofession, but for the injury which had been inflicted upon her peace of mind. Evidence was then adduced to show that Mr, Armytage had spoken to Messrs. Cox, Davis, Best, and the Rev. Mr. Burrowes ; and that several children were removed from the plaintiff's school in consequence of what the defendant had said. Much of the evidence is too indelicate for publica- tion, but what we have stated comprises the case for the plaintiff. The Solicitor-General for the defence, contended that no special damage having been proved, the words used by the defendant were not actionable, inasmuch as the words had no reference to Mrs. Richardson in her capacity as a schoolmistress. The leaned gentleman cited several authorities for his opinion. The Solicitor-General conducted a most able argument, first, to show that the action could not lie, and secondly, that the learned counsel for the plaintiff, had failed to substantiate a case of malice against tho defendant. Mr. Fleming's address was far superior in point of learning, argument, and even forensic eloquence, to anything we have for a long time heard, in our Supreme Court. The learned counsel submitted that the plaintiff must be nonsuited. Mr. Macdowell replied, in support of proof of special damages, and submitted that if it was im- puted In a Schoolmistress, that she starved her pupils, it was a sufficient proof of special damage; and evidence was shown that Mr. Flexmore re moved his daughter from the plaintiff's school on this very ground,-and so with other matters, which we cannot mention. Mr. Macdowell then gave up certain counts ; and wished the case to go to the jury upon the others, which were retained. The Court was now adjourned, at half-past five, to ten o'clock to-morrow morning. TUESDAY, JUNE l8. The Court opened at ten o'clock, when the Attorney-General addressed the jury for the defendant. The learned counsel, at great length, criticised Mr. Macdowell's opening speech and the evidence, with a view to show, that it had failed to substantiate the several allegations com- prised in the declaration ; he also contended, that there was no motive shown, which could by any possibility, have actuated the defendant in the course which, it was alleged, he had pursued towards the plaintiff; the learned counsel repu- diated the assertion that any of the words spoken of the plaintiff, were so spoken of her-in her capacity as a Schoolmistress, and there was no proof that she had sustained any "special damage" by their utterance; it was, it is true, alleged that the plaintiff had sustained a loss, amounting to £2000 ; but did the jury believe that ? Even were this so, the plaintiff ought to have alleged a spé- cifie damage, if it were only the loss of a dinner, so that the defendant might join issue upon it, and if he could, disprove it. The learned counsel was proceeding to argue upon n technical point of law, having reference to the omission of an " in- ducement" in the plaintiff's declaration, when his Honor Mr. Justice Montagu interrupted him. The learned Judge said, that it did seem to him, unfair to take advantage of a technical ob- jection ; he would, if the parties liked, insert the inducement,-for to throw such a case as this out of Court, upon a technicality, was so subsersive of the justice of the case, that his Honor could not sanction it. The Attorney-General replied to the effect, that he considered himself justified, on his client's account, to take advantage of all that the law allowed him ; he should not be doing his duty as an advocate, were he not to do so. His Honor.-If the Attorney-General would fairly ask his Honor whether he thought he was acting right, he would candidly tell him, he did not think he was. It was for the Judge to explain the law to the jury, who were to find the facts. If the count in the declaration was bad, the defendant ought to have demurred to it. His Honor thought the inducement was too large and general, but he should follow the example of Mr. Justice Bailey, who was of opinion, that a Judge at NIsi Prius, should not be particular about points of law, but send the record to the jury, as it stood. His Honor should put it to the jury, that the inducement went to show that the defen- , dant had insinuated that the plaintiff had been infected with a certain illness ; and if she were the humblest subject in the realm, whether in business or not,-if the jury believed the insinua- tion, she would be entitled to damages. Tho Attorney-General resumed, still comment- ing upon the evidence, and contending that there was no proof of any express malice on the part of the defendant ; he laid great stress upon the ap- parent bias of the several witnesses, and declared that in his opinion the object of the plaintiff was to obtain damages, and not to re-establish a cha- racter presumed to be injured, for no female of nice or dclicate feelings, would have subjected herself to such an exposure as must be made by the proceedings of the present case. The learned gentleman, in the course of a rather desultory and rambling address, alluded to the " Ghost in Ham- ' let," to the " Devil and Dr. Faustus," and quoted the following antique morceau from our old ac- quaintance Mr. Joseph Miller : " I was well, and to bo better I tried, So I went to a Doctor-took physic and-died." With regard to the " letter" alleged to have been written by the plaintiff, the learned counsel said, it contained internal evidence of being no forgery ; but even if it were, and had been sent in a fair way to the defendant, as the production of the plaintiff, the defendant was fully justified in acting with it as he had done ; he (the learned counsel) should produce all the evidence he could get upon the subject, and if the jury were satisfied that it was no forgery, they would permit Mr. Armytage to leave tho Court unstained in character, and without being visited by damages. Witnesses were now called for the defence, and principally examined, touching the handwriting of "the letter ;" Mr. S. Austin gave a lengthened testimony ; he came to tho colony in the same vessel with Mrs. Richardson, who, on board the ship, went by the name of Mrs. Ring. (This was afterwards explained to have arisen to provent confusion, as one of Mr. Borrodaile's children, who were in Mrs. Richardson's charge, was named Richardson Borradaile.; Mr. Austin further stated that, on the death of Mr. Thomas Army- tage, Mrs. Richardson had applied to him to write to his brother at Port Phillip, to procure the letters she had written to T. Armytage, for if they should fall into the hands of his father, she would be ruined. Mr. Austin had never seen Mrs. Richardson write, but believed " the letter" to be in her handwriting. The Rev. Mr, Beazley also deposed to his belief in the letter being written by Mrs. Richardson. Mr. Gilbert Robertson also gave similar testi- mony, respecting the writing in the letter. Mr. Robert Stodart contradicted the evidence of Mr. H. Best, and was supported by Mrs Sto- dart ; he believed " the letter" to be in tho hand- writing of Mrs. Richardson. Mr. Best being re-called, positively denied having said what Mr. Stodart had deposed to. Mr. George Armytage stated, that his sisters Eliza, Elizabeth, and Virginia were under the charge of Mrs. Richardson while she was in his father's house, as was also his little brother Fre- derick ; he had seen Mrs. Richardson write se- veral times, and upon his oath he did not really write that letter ; he believed it to be in Mrs. Richardson's handwriting ; witness first saw the " letter" at Port Phillip, in February last ; it was found in an old lumber-box in the store-room at his father's establishment, by Mr. Stockdale, the manager, who was looking for a receipted bill ; this was about 17 months after his brother's death; there were six or seven other letters with it, and witness rolled them all together, tied them with his watch-guard, and put them into a carpet bag, which he brought away with him to his father's ; witness did not read the letter until after his re- turn from Port Phillip; witness's mother gave the letters to his father, after they came out of the bag. Cross-examined by Mr. Macdowell-The letter is really not my handwriting. The learned counsel here proposed that Mr. Armytage should write two or three sentences from his (Mr. M.'s) dic- tation. To this the Attorney-General objected, but the witness saying that he was quite willing to do so, he sat in the Under-Sheriff's seat, and being supplied with pen, ink, and paper, wrote as follows :-" You were to go out, and go up into my bed-room, only mind the stairs don't creak, and then stay till I come up." Mr. Macdowell having looked at the writing, held it up ; he asked the witness if Mrs. Richardson had not had a good education ? He replied, that she had. Mr. Macdowell (referring to the writing). But I see the spelling of the word creak (spelt creek in both the writings,) is alike. Witness.-But she does not spell well, though ! Mr. Macdowell.-I wanted your spelling, not your handwriting, and I have got it ! By His Honor.-The overseer who found the letter is still in my father's service, at Port Phillip ; the letter was not out of my custody, from the time I put it in the carpet-bag to the time my mother got it. I have had no quarrel myself with Mrs. Richardson. I have heard it insinuated before to-day, that this letter was in my handwriting. Here the witness was so over powered, that, at the suggestion of the learned judge, he retired from tho Court, for a short time.On being recalled, Mr. Armytage was closely examined, with reference to the letter the time-and manner of its discovery, &c;, and how long before the commencement of the present action. Nothing particular, however, was elicited, and the witness still affirmed that he believed the letter to have been written by Mrs. Richardson ; he swore positively that it was not written by him. This closed the case for the defendant. Mr. Macdowell called several witnesses to rebut the evidence for the defendant, and particularly as to the handwriting of " the letter." To prove that it was not in the handwriting of the plaintiff, the following witnesses were examined :-Messrs. J. L. Stewart, Stracey, Howe, the Rev. Messrs. Burrowes and Otter, and Mesdames Wilmot and Burrowes. Tho Attorney-General then rose to reply upon the evidence, when, it being then four o clock, it was arranged that tho further proceeding in the case should be postponed till to-morrow morning. The Court was accordingly adjourned till ten o'clook this morning. WEDNESDAY, .TUNE 19. The Attorney-General briefly addressed the jury upon the evidence adduced for the defence yesterday afternoon, and replied to the supple- mentary testimony adduced by the plaintiff to re- but the evidence of handwriting. The learned gentleman, adverting to the examination of Mr. George Armytage, spoke in terms of high appro- bation of the demeanour of that young gentleman while in the box, and repelled with some warmth the insinuation that "the letter" was written by him, and called upon the jury to evince their dis- belief of the imputation by a. verdict for the de- fendant. Mr. Macdowell then addressed the jury in a general reply upon the evidence for the defence. The learned counsel delivered a most able address, in which be animadverted upon the testimony of the several witnesses in no measured terms. We shall next week furnish our readers with a full report of the speech. His Honor has now (12 o'clock) commenced tho summing up. THREE O'CLOCK P.M.-We have waited till now in the hope of being enabled to record the verdict, but the Judge is still summing up, and will continue to do so apparently for at least half an hour longer. Wo are therefore obliged to make up the form, and go to press. The schooner Waterlily, Captain Hayle, sailed for Sydney this afternoon. I - 