THE MUTINY AT SEA. [r»t»i ' wiisoVf tales or the bobdebs.'] ' Come, Old Dick, carry on more sail, my boy; we've many a long mile (o travel orer afore we gets lo our anclior ege ; anil it's -ell on lo eight bells, I daresay ' ' 1 can't carry on any longer, Jem, with tbis game leg of mine; I b'iieve I must heave to for a while, and leave you to continny your perry-grinashun Id solly- toode.' ' Avast heaving witb that firm lingo of your'n; it puts a plain- sailing man's pipe, out; it's as bail as double Dutch coilod against the snn. Itwarn'tfor nolhen they gev you the name of Old Dick; for blow me if Old Nick him self could understand you, when once you begins to lip us dix'nary.' Such was the conversation that greeted my ears, as I was walking, one line summer evening, behind a hedge which skirled the Edinburgh road. The voice of one of the speakers struck me as being familiar to me, and the name of ' Old Dick' recalled to my remembrance an old ship-mate of my own. I hastened lo a gate which opened on the road, and, on looking through, found that my conjecture had been a correct one. Tfae«peakcrs were two sailors, evidently lately landed, for their blue jackets were fresh from the slop shop, and the lustre of their well black-balled tarpaulin hats had not yet been dimmed by exposure to «ind and weather. One of them was in ibe prime of life, tall, handsome, and active ; the other an elderly man, witb an old-womanish kind of face, expressive of nothing but solemn stu pidity ; bis mahogany complexion, and iron grey hair, told of a lifetime's ex posure lo sun and storm. In the latter I immediately recognised my old ship male, whose peculiarilirs I am almost afraid lo present to the reader, as they were of such a unique cast, that in chronicling them. I may be suspected of drawing largely upon my imagina tion; but I draw, in this instance, from the life, not even using the pri vilege allowed lo nil painter;, to give a little heightened coloring to produce additional effect. ' A fine evening, sir,' said the younger of the two travellers, touch ing bis hat, as he approached me, and receiving an appropriate reply. The other seemed too much absorbed in the study of a small tattered book he had just pulled outof his jacket pocket. lo take any notice of me ; but at last be raised his eyes, and, as he hobbled . towards me, said— ' The salutation of the wesper even ing lo you. sir. The horb of day has sunk, and the nocturnal luniioojrt/ will ?oon heave in sight.' 11 Well done. Old Dick !' replied I. *' That speech was worthy of you ? ?till polishing the King's English, and murdering Johnson— eh?' The ojd man stared at me; and his countenance brightened with as much animation a* it was capable of expressing, as he slowly drawled out—' Why, bless me ! if my hidearsaint in a position of conglomeration, my organs of vision present before me the form of Mr. Scbrigbt.' ' I he same, old fellow. Hut come, drop the dictionary, and speak plain English. What bi ings you here ?' ' Why. your Honor, the want of hoccypashun. You may well ask what has hinduced a senile son of Neptune to follow in the wake — no, that's not the word — track— aye, that's it— of a juvenile youngster like Jem. Rut the old proverb says— 'Old fools is the worst of fools.'' Old Dick had been a quartermaster in my last ship, and bad acquired that cognomen by a habit of always carry ing about with him a small edition of Johnson's Dictionary, in the study of which he used lo employ his every leisure moment, not for the purpose of improving himself in orthography — for which he evinced the most sove reign contempt, even in the most simple words— but for that of exer cising his memory in the acquisition of a stock of the most inflated and sonorous words he could find. Great was his ingenuity in substituting the most jam- breaking and bigh-sonnrling terms for the more common and in elegant, but plain-spoken language of his messmates ; and his application of them was often ludicrous in the ex treme. I will give one or two in stances of the ridiculous results of his dictionary mania. Instead of using, when in a passion with any of his shipmates, the common and black guard epithet which, for ibe benefit of ears polite, I will translate ' son of a female dog,' he substituted, ' offspring of a canine quadruped ;' and, instead of a still more injurious term of reproach, which I will not mention in plain English, he adopted, ?' you spurious progeny of a meretri cious female.' Dick was a clever man of letters in bis own estimation, whatever he might be in that or others ; but he was clever in nothing else ; a regular ' hard bargain,' harmless nnd useless:' he could stand nt the ' con' lo be sure, in fine weather, and cry 'very well lliise,'* and ' no higher,' and was a tolerable hand at cleaning the binnacle lamps, polishing braBs work, and so on; but be was hardly ' worth his salt' as an efli cienl seaman. He had no enemies however, though his shipmates .en joyed many a hearty laugh at his pe culiarities; Bnd his age and infir . mity disarmed animosity. His be loved dictionary was his inseparable companion: his watch below was em ployed in poringover Its well-thumbed ? 'Ttth.' So pronounced for tbui. leaves, and, in his watch on deck, he availed himself of every opportunity of astounding bis hearers with bis eu phony. — After a long rigmarole of ex. crutiatingly fine words, the repetition of which I will spare the reader, I found that Dick and his younger companion wer-3 on their way to the neighbouring town of H ? , where lived a young damsel who was the pole-star of Jem Halliday's affections and whom he expected, he said, ' to bring-to under bis lee, and to anchor with his prize in the harbour of ma trimony.' I told the travellers that night was closing in, that they were many miles from their destination, and bad belter lake up their quarters for the night in my bouse, where 1 could promise them a good glass of grog, and a comfortable bed. Young Halliday was eager lo push on ; but Old Dick seconded my proposal in the following terms, consulting his pocket friend at every pause in his speech, to brush up his recollection. ' My aitching limbs demand re pose, Jem ; I cannot (dictionary) ac celerate my collective mass with such velocity as you ; I will except Mr. Sebright's benev'lent offer, and slum ber beneath his hospital roof. You can, if your mind prepond'rates otberways, pursue your honard * course.' ' What ! and leave sicb an old water logged hulk as you aslarn afore the cruise is out? No, blow me if I do! Why, you old devil's limb, you're as helpless as a sucking babby. What 'iid you do if your dry nurse was to lenve joh?' ' Don't vitup'rate roe, you juvenile progeny of a marine dresser of wit ties, f If jour hinclination hinclines you to move on, proceed solytarly — I will remain.' ' Then so [ will, old jaw-breaker; and thank you, Sir, for your kind offer. liefore I introduce the reader into my house, I must lake the liberty of letting him a little into the private history of its owner — not because 1 am particularly fond of talking of myself, but because it is necessary to do so as an introduction to ibe tale I am about to narrate. I am the second son of a man of large fortune in a part of Scotland which shall be name less ; and, like many others who have had the misfortune lo come into the world a year or two too late for their own future comfort, was destined to buffet mv way through life as well as I could, as a sailor; while my elder brother, by virtue of his pru dence in making bis appearance ear lier, and of his claims as heirap parent, was brought up as the gentle man of the family, and condemned to lead a life of ease and idleness. I had no objection to this arrangement, for I wns naturally of a restless dis position ; and, if the choice of a pro fession had been left lo myself, should, most probably, Jiaie anticipated my fatl er's wishes. My brother, Charles, was a fine, liberal, warm-hearted fel low ; and the lies of relationship be- [ tween us were strengthened by warm ' Attachment nnd sincere friendship. ' During my intervals of ' liberty on shore,' we were inseparable com panions; he used lo delight in listen ing to my marvellous yarns about seas mountains high — the shark that was large enough to swallow a marine with his musket shouldered, and no thing of the mouthful visible but the point of the bayonet, slicking, like a toothpick, between his teeth — (this u-as rather a large mouthful to swal low!) — of « hales, and waterspouts, and dying fish and flying Dutchmen ; and, in return for his patience and good-humour in listening to and laughing at my romances, I felt an equal pleasure in initialing him into the mysteries of rowing, sailing, swim ming, &c;, for which our periodical residence on the sea-coast afforded ample opportunity, lie envied me my life of freedom and adventure. I must slop for a moment — that word freedom reminds me of the poor fel lows who had been seized by a press gang, and were all kept huddled to gether as prisoners in the Tender, keeping up their spirits by singing, ' Come cheer up my lads,' &-c, and roaring in chorus, ?? Who so free as the sons of the waves 1' By your pardon, reader. Yes, he envied me ? he, the heir of wealth and rank envied me, the poor, but light-hearted sailor; and he was right, for I was happier then, when I had nothing but my own exertions to trust to, than I have ever been since. My father was a man of violent passions, purse-proud, despo tic, and overbearing ; and I was but too happy to escape from bis control ; and I pitied the slavery in which my high-spirited brother was held ; for my father was capricious even in his kindness. I had been some years ! at sea, whsn Charles formed an at- [ lachment lo a young person of great beauty and accomplishments; but not j a good match for him in the eyes of ! the world, for she was poor. Her' name wbs t'lliot— Marian Elliot. Her father and ours had been school fellows; but, in all the competitions of boyhood, Elliot always bore away the bell; and, whenever they met in after life, their plans nnd under takings always seemed to jostle in some extraordinary way, as if the world was not wide enough for them both. Tbis apparent rivalry so bit terly excited my father's proud, irrit able, jealous disposition, Ibat he nou rished a feeling of deeply-rooted dis like— I might almost say hatred— of the man who, he imagined, seemed lo * Onward. t Alias, ?? ton or am cook.' delight in thwarting and annoying bin). Elliot, bowerer, little deserved such animosity. He was a man of most benevolent disposition, and sin cerely regretted that circumstances had occasioned such estrangement be tween him and oue with whom be was anxious to be on friendly terms. He endeavoured, for some lime, lo con ciliate my father; but, finding that his advances rather increased than diminished his groundless prejudice, he gave up ibe rain attempt, and be came as a stranger to him. W e were both aware, in our youth, of our fa ther's aversion to the elder Elliot ; but, as we often met the juniors of this family on the beach, which was not visible from onr house, ond as the boys were active and obliging, and Marion, their sister, gentle and ami able, we did not share in our father's feelings; but, on the contrary, with the ardour of childhood, mu tually vowed everlasting friendship — a friendship rendered doubly romantic by the kind of mystery and caution we were obliged lo exercise, for fear of offending my father, in our stolen interviews. During our annual sum mer visits to the coast, our intercourse was continued with unabated ardour, and further intimacy only served to strengthen the bonds of friendship. Thus years glided on — boyhood ripened into maturity — and Marion, the pretty playmate of our childhood, was now a graceful and lovely young woman, when Charles was one day summoned into the presence of his father, who had just returned home after a fortnights absence. When ibe first salutations of meeting were over, my father remarked that it was time for Charles to be looking out for a partner for life ; that he was sure, from the secluded life he had been leading, that be could not have made a choice for himself; and that he had therefore chosen for him, in the per son of an amiable and accomplished girl, the daughter of a landed pro urietor in a neighbouring county ; and he ended by laying bis commands upon him, In endeavonr to make him self agreeable to the lady, whose fa ther was already eager to forward the match. Poor Charles felt that be was on dangerous ground ; he endea voured to put off the evil day. saying there was no necessity for such preci pitation — that he did not wish lo change his condition for some years, and that he hoped his father would not press the matter at present. ' These are paltry and evasive ex cuses, Charles,' said my father, pas sionately. ' There is some other reason for your backwardness, which yon are afraid to own.' ' Afraid, sir! ' replied my brother, firing up in his turn ; ' I would not be your son were I afraid of any man breathing.' ' Then why don't you speak out, sir? Why resort to idle excuses?' ' Well, tir, if you insist upon my speaking what you will be sorry lo hear, the fault is not mine. I cannot comply with your wishes, or rather commands ; my affections are other wise engaged.' ' Whew!' whistled my father, with a stare of astonishment, while the dark flush of passion shaded his brow. ' And you have dared to ? Pray, sir,' continued he, in a taunt ing, sneering, and sarcastic tone, ' who may the object of your affec tions be? — if your father may be so bold as to ask. Some purple-cheeked, bare-legged, splay- fooled dairy-maid — eh f ' ' No, sir, a lady far my superior in everything but fortune — one whom any love)1 might be proud of, and any father-in-law be happy to acknow ledge.' ' A very pretty-turned speech, in deed ! And pray, will your lover ship condescend to he guilty of such profanity as to whisper the name of your divinity.' 'I need not whisper it,' replied my brother, boldly; ' it is well known lo you already. It is Marion Elliot.' ' Marion Elliott' almost screamed my father, nearly choking with pas sion. ?' The daughter of that man ! Hear me, Charles !' continued he, stretching out his band warningly — bis voice suddenly changing to a low, stern, distinct tone, scarcely louder than a whisper at first, but gradually increasing, as he proceeded, to a loud burst of indignation — 'Hear me 1— listen to your father ! I have loved yon ; watched over you ; che rished you as the apple of my eye ; ? but promise lo think no more of thai women ; tear her from your heart ; avoid her and him as you would the plague-spot; or' — and his voice again saak — ' I will shut you from my house and heart ; make your brother my heir; and turn you out, a penni less beggar, upon the world I * Make your choice at once, young sir !' ' It is already made, sir,' replied my brother, deliberately; while his cheek paled, and his lip quivered with agitation. ' I will save you the trouble of turning me out. Farewell, sir 1' And from that day my un fortunate brother has not been heard of. All iheBC details I heard after wards. I was at sea at the time, When I returned to my native shores I fonnd a letter from my father wait ing my arrival, in which he informed me of my brother's disobedience, and desired me to hasten home immedi ately, to learn the particulars. He told me there was no longer any ne cessity of my prosecuting my pro fession ; for that my brother, by his wilful contempt for hii withes, had forfeited bis birthright ; and I must now consider myself heir to the fa mily estates. I immediately obtained leave of absence, and hastened home wards, surprised and distressed by the information I bad received. Soon after my arrival, I heard all the par ticulars of the quarrel, and was dis tressed lo find that no attempts bad been made to ascertain the fate of my brother. My father's mortified pride had smothered every belter feeling of his nature, and bo seemed to be as indifferent, to the consequences of his severity as if poor Charles had never had any claims upon bis affection. ' And can it be possible, sir,' said l,'that yon have made no endea vour to find my brother ?' ' He has chosen his lot,1' replied be bitterly ; ' let him enjoy it as he best can. I beg bis name may be no more mentioned.' ' Impossible!' replied I, firmly. ' Though you, sir, may stifle the feel ings of nature, I cannot forget that he is my brother; and I will not consent to remain one day longer under this roof, unless I am satisfied that every effort will be made to dis cover Charles's retreat.' ' So, so, young man,' sneered my father; ' you wish -to be a beggar too, do you ? Beware how you excite my anger ?' 'Father!' replied T, 'yon have driven from you one of your sons — it depends upon yourself whether you are left childless in your old age^ My mind is made up ; you may turn me out of your doors, if you think proper, as you have done my poor brother; — I shall alwayB retain a son's affection towards you : — you cannot make me a beggar; my profession renders me independent ; your estates mny pass into the hands of strangers; but I will not consent to be considered as your heir, while a doubt remains as to my brother's fate.' My father was at first in a towering passion, and ordered me to leave the room immediately; and some hours passed before he sent for mo. ' Well, young sir,' said be, ' have you thought over what I said to you?' ' Yes, sir; and I adhere to my former resolution.' My father seemed to be staggered by my firmness, tie walked up and down the ruom with an agitated air ; and, at last, stopping opposite me, said— ' And so, sir, you are still deter mined lo brave me ?' ' Not to brave you, my dear father, but lo endeavour lo induce you to do wliat you will be glad of hereafter. What will be the reflections of your declining years, if my brother should perish without a father's hand having been stretched out to save him? Dearest father, let your natural kindly feelings have their play, and do not sacrifice your peace of mind to your resentment I1' My father turned away, apparently softened by my appeal. ' Edward,' said he, ' you are right. I hare been too hasty. I give you my word that no effort shall be spared to find your brother.' It was agreed between us, at last, that I should continue in my pro fession four years longer; and if, at the end of that period, no news should have been obtained of my brother, I was to settle at home, and lo take the management of my father's estates. Five years had now elapsed, and my brother's fale was still uncertain. I was now in possession of my paternal property — my father having died a year before. And now, kind reader, I have finished this long introduction of myself, which was absolutely neces sary to prepare you for what is to follow, as we are perfectly strangers to each other, even by name. It is of little consequence lo me, if you think me egotistical ; if my story pleases you, you may think what you please of the writer. 1'he scene must now shift to a amall room in my house, which was dignified by the name of a study, although lam ashamed to say it was seldom used in the manner tfiat name implies. To this ' sanctum' my blue-jacket friends were ushered, after a long aederunt with my housekeeper, to whose hos pitable care 1 had specially recom mended them. After a due quantity of nautical apologies, they were, at last, cemfortably, or rather uncom fortably scaled ; for they evidently felt very much out of their latitude at first. I was, however, too old a sailor myself not to be acquainted with one infaliable remedy for bash fulness in a brother tar ; and an ap plication lo the bell-rope soon brought up that — the very sight of which inspired them with confidence, and gave an additional twinkle lo their eves. ' Your health, sir,' said Jem Hamilton, as he sipped, or rather, I should say, judging from the quan tity, skipped his grog. But such a commonplace salutation would not satisfy my old shipmate, Dick. Drawing his hand down over his grey locks, he took a sly peep at old ' Johnson, ' and in his usual drawling lone, began : — ' I wish your honor saluberty and prosperity; and may you never want a snflisbunshy of spirilooal likker to render your friends flicilus 1' ' Thank ye, Dick I — you deserve a good glass' of grog after such a speech as that ; but I long to hear your adventures. Which of you is the best hand at spinning a yarn V ' Why, your honor,' said Halli day, laughing ; ' if so be as you wants a reg'Iar sailor's log of our cruiie, I'm your man to run the reel, smooth as a well-greaied niarlinspike ; but, if you're larned in what the long shore cbaps calls the hunknown tongues, Old Dick's the boy for you for he'd puzzle a Filly-delfy lawyer with what he calls bis ' well-rounded sintinces.' 1 can clap a *' rounding' on a cable myself, but rounding a sintince is beyond me. I b'lire if the old gentleman, him what made all them words in that dixnary, heerd Old Dick, be wouldn't know bis own children.' ' And what do you know about it, you hignorant disciple?' said Old Dick, sharply ; ' 'tisn't all men as are blessed witb laming. When 1 speaks to juveniles like you, it's for your hedicsahun — hedifickashnn 1 mean — and if you does'nt bunder stand me, it ill' beseems you to wag your hunruly member at me.' ' Well, well, old boy,' said Ham ilton, ?' take a sure turn with that till I pipes belay. Half your jabber is like the wind lo me — I hears a noisr, but I doesn't know what its all about. ' But, after all this 'ere palaver, your Honnur,' continued Hamilton, addressing me, ' Mowed if I think we've either on as got a decent yarn to tell. However, I'll overhaul the log of our last voyage for you ; for it's too late to talk of old days, when I was but a boy, and Dick, for all he sits so quiet there, was a different guess sort of man from what be is now; though he always had that confounded knack of bothering our ears with that outlandish lingo of his'n. We sailed in a merchant brig, bound for the Cape o' Good Hope ; Old Dick here, seeing be could ' shoot the sun,'* and work a traverse, was mate and dry nurse to the captain, a slip of a youngster, son of the owner, and who was no more of a seaman than my old grandmother; to be sure, he knew bow to bos the compass, and to handle a quadrant, but as for hand ling a ship — a cow could handle a musket as well. There was as fine a set of fellows on board for a crew as ever I see'd, though I says it as shouldn't ; for, 'cept Old Dick here, and the second mate, there wasn't a man of us above thirty years of age. The chief male is silting before you now, and I'm no afeer'd to say it to his face, as good-hearted an old fel low as ever liv'd ; though the best of bis days has gone by, there's good stuff in him yet ; but there wasn't devil enough in him, as it turned out, to match the devil he was under. The second mate, Dickson, was a short, stout, thick-set man, with a neck like a bull's, and a bead like a bullet,roundandlhick,crojack- eyed,t with knees that would do for a ship's side, they were so bent; but if he'd the neck of a bull, be had the strength of one too, and, to give the devil his due, he was a sailor every inch of him. Though he was smooth enough in his discourse, he always look'd as if all wasn't fair and above board with him; he never could look a man straight in the face; and, when he tried lo do so, one eye seemed to be looking through you, and the other watching some one else. We none on us ever liked him ; for, when be frown'd, his face was like a thunder cloud with the devil peeping through it, and bis grin was fit to give a man the mullygrubs. All went* on very well for some lime, for the captain seemed to be a hearty dashing blade, and we had good allowance of ' grab and bub.': But that 'ere smooth sailing was loo pleasant to last long ; they talk of the devil being busy in a gale of wind ; but he never keeps so bright a look-out for work as when men have little to do. Somehow or another the captain took a kind of dislike to Old Dick ; and, after that, try as he would, nothing be did was ever done right. ' As Dick fell in the captain's good bocks, Dickson became more and more his fav'rite ; and they used to walk up and down the decks for hours at a time together. We all thought mischief was brewing; but who was lo have the first swill we couldn't fathom. We all hated Dick son, and in course we'd the best of reasons to think that there was no love lost between ub, and that he had hated ev'ry man Jack of us. Day after day, matters grew worse between the captain and Old Dick ; he used to take every opportunity of abusing ibe old man, right or wrong, and often said he would turn him before the mast; but he never could find no just cause. Meantime, though Dick son pretended to try to smooth mat ters, we all s'pecled as how it was his ? under-current* ot mischief as was setting Old Dick on the rocks. At last he hauled down bis false co lours, and never made no more at tempt to hide bis dislike to Ibe old man; but snarled and snapped at him constantly, for all the world like a terrier dog. We all on us was vexed to see poor Dick badger'd right and left at this rate ; for we know'd as how he didn't deaarve if, and we all liked him, be was so quiet and good-natured ; but then we duratn't lake any open part with him, fear of being thought mutinous. But, though our tongues didn't speak our looks did, and DiAson soon felt all hands sheer'd clear of him, as they would of a plague-ship ; while they were ai fond of Old Dick as if he were their father. You may be sure, sir, this did not hadd to the sweetness of his disposition, as Dick ? Take the altitude. t Cross-jack-eyed-jquiot-tyed. tMMl.ua drink. ! would say. He used to glare at the old man with bis crojack eyes, as if be wished they were baynets to run him through at both sides. One day Tim Sullivan comes down from bis trick at the wheel, and calls ns into the forecastle, and says he — ' I'll tell yon what, bo's; if there's not bloody mischief a-bsicbing, never call me Tim Sullivan no more. When I was at the wheel, I see'd that devil's limb Dickson walking up and down witb Old Dick and shaking bis fist at him ; and, when be left him, a look — such a look !— if ever there was a hathred or murder to be read in a man's face, it was there ; and be ground his teeth, and mutter'd (be didn't know I heerd him,) ' I'll get rid of him some way or other.' Now, I tells you tbis, messmates, 'cause if any accident sbonld happen to Old Dick, you knows what yon knows.' Well, we all swore that we'd keep our eyes upon him, and that -we'd stick to old Dick through thick anti thin. One dark squally night on the ' Line,' Dickson had had the first watch, and Old Dick relieved him at eight bells, just as I came up to re lieve the man at the wheel. The two walked up and down the deck toge ther for some time, and some angry words ensued between them ; a'ler wards they went forward together. The night was so dark I could not see them before the gangway, bat I beard Dickson say, ' Shake it then,' meaning the rigging ; just then the brig gave a lurch to windward, and I heard a heavy plunge in the water, and Dickson singing out — ' A man overboard !' ' It's Old Dick !' shouted I, as I put the helm down, and the watcb ran aft to the boat falls. Dickson was the first to get hold of one of the tackle falls, and cheered the men on to ' bear a hand,* calling out—1 Poor fellow! poor fellow ! No chance for him I'm afraid.' Bnt, somehow or another, his ' fall' got jammed, acci dentally on purpose, 1 'spose, and it was some time before the boat was lowered. Well, when she icas down it was like looking for a needle in a haystack to look for a man on such a dark nigbt. However, they kept pulling about for an bour nearly, and then gave it up for a bad job ; and many a sore heart was there for poor Dick that night. Well, the skipper took the watch ; and after he'd been on deck some little time, he told me to keep my eye lo the windward, and to hail him down the ' companion' if I see'd any squall a-coming ; and Ihen down be dived to the cabin. He had not been a-gone long, wben I see'd some one o' the watch, as I thought, come from the weather main chains, and, creeping along close to the bulwark, lay down on the deck close beside the wheel. Well, I just looks at him, but says notben ; for I couldn't see who it was, when presently I hears a voice whispering — 'Jem, Jem!' My eyes? wasn't I afeered ! I felt, I did not know how; for I knew the voice was Dick's, and I thought it was his ghost as was lying beside; for I was so taken aback, I forgot at the time as all reg'Iar ghosts is white. I was just going to drop the wheel, and run for it ; but I couldn't, for my legs trem bled under me, and I could not sing out for the life o' me. Well, the voice says again, - Jem don't be afeer'd.' ' 'Afraid,' interrupted the old man, snappishly; 'if you doesn't know how to talk hnnadulterated English yourself, don't put himpropriate terms in the mouth of a man as has Johnson by'art.' ' Well, then,' continued Hamil ton, ' the voice said — ' Don't be afraid, Jem. I'm alive, I'm no ghost. You must get me stowed away below and I'll let you know all about it by and by.' \- Well,' said I, quite bold, when 1 knowM it wasn't a ghost; ' if tbis be'ant the rummiest go I ever see'd ? Here, says I, stooping down, ' lip as yous flipper, sir; I haven't been so pleased I don't know when. But you'd better go down to the cabin and shift canvass.' 1 The cabin !' whispered he — ' no, not the cabin. You must slow me away forward, and keep me out of sight of the people abaft; for my life's in dancer.' ' The devil it is,' says I. ' Oh, I begins to see says the blind man. Keep close to the bulwark, sir; and creep forware abreast the forecastle ; and I'll come to you as soon as I'm relieved.' Well, at four bells as soon as I was relieved at the wheel, away I goes forward, and smuggles Old Dick down below, and bundles him into my own berth, and gives him a drop as I happened to have in the bottle. ' And now, sir,' says I — for, in coorse, we always gave him a handle to his name when we were a- speak ing to him, though we call him Old Dick among ourselves and on shore, 'cause we liked him — ? Now, sir,' says I, ' all's quiet on deck, and all asleep below ; and this 'II be as good a time as any to tell me what you have lo say.' ' So, Bays he ? Now, sir,' ap pealed young Hamilton to me ; 'I must tell the yarn my own way, and in my own words; for I ean't, for the life o' me, recollect all Dick's what he call's hellocution.' ' Oh, I'm sure Dick won't interrupt you. Will you, old boy ?' ?' Not if 1 can help it, sir ; but all men hasn't the patience o' Job.' t Bt quick. ' Well, sir,' continued Hamiltn, ' seys Old Dick, says he- '' ' My life's not safe in this craft Jem. If that blood-thirsty v£' Dickson, knowed I'd escaped fi| drowning he'd never be happy till h« bad made an end of me. We h.S some words about the riggine H. said it was not properly set up' J said it was. ? Feel it,' say, he An\ I jumped upon the bulwarks, to shaU it, wben, all at once, I felt a blow on my side, and, the brig giviae a lurch at the same time, I went orer! board. You know I am a BOOJ swimmer ; so I soon strikes ont and gels bold of a rope hanging from the mainchuns; and I hauled myself upby it; but, when I began think of aft Miat had passed, I made np my mind to remain quiet where I was, till I could find a hopportnnity to speak to I you, or some as I know'd were njv I Tl friends— and here J am, Jem— thank L; Heaven !— safe and sound— no thanks ? to Dickson, though. And now, Jem I ? yau_iuust contrive to keep me stowed L.. BwaytiHw^nake the land; for the W devil that possessed1- him when he at ? temped my life will nut leave him M till be finishes what he has Began.' e' J- What!' says I. «D'ye think *e ^ shoved you overboard ?' on t. I didn't see him, to be sure !'° the night was so dark, and I was not e f watching him ; but I felt him ; and t look ye Lere, Jem -see what I found' n! IhShain'111^801'61'*^1^^ | It was a clasp-knife, your Honour; '£ I! had. i»ken,tt 8la«-tfng direction K through his jacket and waistcoat, and n remained sticking between his Guern- p sey frock and skin. On the haft wai 111 cnt the letters 'J. Dickson;' and D without that, I conld have sworn to Cl the knife, I bad seen it so often ? be- ~ sides, I had turned the grindstone # for him, when he was a-sbarpening it V! a day or two before. I was struck pi all on a heap when I heard of the Tl mans villany. At last, says I to om Dick, Bays I — (en (To be concluded in our next number.) ',' 