A VISIT TO THE BURYING PLACE OF MURDERERS IN NEWGATE. What multitudes there are who know and have heard that all the murderers who are executed at the Old Bailey are buried altogether within the walls of of Newgate but how very few have seen the place where lie these men of blood in quiet company. The reader is now about to be conducted to this piece of earth, this sombre spot, on which sunshine never lights, but which the moon at times lights up with quiet solemnity—deepening rather than diminishing its associations, idealities, and visions. To reach this shrouded receptacle of dead men of blood, you enter out of the Old Bailey at that door through whose opening numbers of offenders have passed, but returned no more. You are then in Newgate, and proceed along clean, white, dim, and long plain passages, where the very sound of your feel is peculiar and admonitory, and reminds you that you tread not on common ground. Massive walls, iron gates and bars meet the eye everywhere. At every gate a turnkey, hard as the iron which he liberates and moves, lets you advance, and in your progress from gate to gate, you see offenders moving about in receptacles, on whose walls no sun beams ever play, and into which no bracing breeze ever enters. All is massive, and gives the impression of solidity, jealousy, and security— in fact, these are living sepulchres, out of which, though in the very heart of this great and mighty city, all its ceaseless and deafening noise and din are excluded, and a dim light pervades the scene, whilst all outside is rejoic- ing in unclouded sunshine. Passing through these living sepulchres prepares the visitor somewhat for the burial-ground by the time he reaches it. A last massive door is loudly unlocked, as though it jea- lously guarded great treasure, and then the visitor is there at once, amongst the silent, degraded and notorious dead. It was lighted by the full moon when we entered, which disclosed it all to our view at once. Ghosts and spirits were first in our thoughts but were not to be seen. This piece of earth is con- fined within narrower limits, as may be expected, not being above forty yards long, and not anything near so much wide, and open to the heavens. The walls around it are high and thick. There are no cypress or yew trees, no rugged elms, no heavings of the mouldering turf, to tell that some of our fel- low-creatures lie there and are not to be disturbed— their title to that piece of land being better than that of any living landlord to his estates. No— all is level and there is not the slightest symptom of vegetation, for, indeed, what could crow here? Could even hem- lock, henbane, or nightshade, draw any nourishment from such a soil ? Would they not wither, droop, and die, adding death to death? The very soil itself seems murdered—the earth itself is dead ! Here lie Thistlewood, Ings, Davison, and their colleagues, May and Williams, Pegsworth, Green- acre, Lees, Marchant, and lastly Courvoissier, men whose deeds are of imperishable notoriety and disas- trous distinction ! Their names and their doings are inseparably linked, and will drift warningly along the stream of generations. Tall upright stones, with rude inscriptions of names, merely mark the place occupied by each, and on these graves prisoners, going from the prison to the courts to be tried, tread, passing and repassing : Greenacre and Courvoisser did this— strange and strong association and con- nection of the living with the dead ! Living murder- ers, as they pass and repass, must feel the ashes of the dead stir underneath their feet, if they hare any feeling left. What a crowd of associations came over our minds as we stood on the graves of these men ! We have been on classic ground, on historic ground, on con- secrated ground, but the associations awoke there were nothing compared with these. They cannot be compared— they may be contrasted. When you are in an ordinary burial ground, there is a great mixture of characters and individuals, and the as- sociations are necessarily of a mixed character ; but here are all of one kind, all capital offenders who had been put to death, all select, all men who had perpe- trated crimes of such magnitude, that the law follow- ed them with punishment, as it were, after death, and instructed and warned society as much by their burial as by their execution. When they were con- signed to the earth no funeral service was read, no minister of religion attended, no mourners were there. At other hours than those when the rest of mankind are interred, were they let down to their resting place— eight o'clock in the evening being the hour, as eight in the morning was the hour of their execution. As we were thus musing, St. Paul's struck eight, and every stroke of the hammer on the bell gave a fresh impulse to our associations and feelings. Each of them had heard that clock strike the fatal hour. Now it struck the same, but it did not strike them. —They slept sound and safe, as though cased in lead and with magnificent monuments over them. Arthur Thistlewood and his colleagues were the first that were deposited here. This is about twenty years ago. How time flies ! Previous to this, the bodies of traitors and murderers were given to the surgeons for dissection. As none at that time were dissected but men of this stamp, it was thought by the legislature stimulated by the daring deeds of the resurrection men that dissection was made degrading and odious by murderers being made the subjects of it. In fact, it was then part and parcel of their sen- tence. This was then altered, and their bodies were directed by the law to be buried within the precincts of the prison. During the hours that elapse between their execution and interment, surgeons do operate some little upon them, and phrenologists analyse their heads, looking all the time as wise as serpents and knowing as owls. They publish their analysis to the world, and Mr. De Ville has just sent forth his scien- tific investigation of the bead of Courvoissier, which has appeared in the newspapers. It is not, therefore, all that have been executed at the Old Bailey for the last twenty years that lie here, but those only for treason and murder, making altogether twelve, we believe. We remembered, when in this burial-place, that on the afternoon of the day when Thistlewood was executed, his wife begged George the Fourth for the body of her husband, and the answer returned was, " that Thistlewood was buried within the prison." He was the first. More will doubtless be added in the course of time to those here already, but we have sincerely to hope that it will be long, very long, before the place is full. It is not impossible but that, in the progress of events, murder may have some other punishment than death attached to its commission. There is a move already toward this, and, in fact, to do away wilh the punishment of death altogether. The thought struck us whilst we were thus musing in this sombre place, that when it has become older spirits and ghosts will be seen, and legendary tales of their nocturnal visits, and unearthly and appalling aspects, will be circulated. It is too green yet for any thing of that kind —It wants time, and age, and two or three generations to pass away. We saw no ghosts here, nor the slightest appearance of any, al- though, if there had been there, we must have seen then. All was silent as death. We enquired if any had been seen at any time, and were answered in the negative. We could not but also carry the torch of speculation into the darkness of futurity, and sur- mise that in some very distant age, amidst the great changes which take place, that the bones of these men maybe discovered bystome labourers as they dig, and that very numerous surmises and guesses may then be set afloat as to whose bones they were, and how they came there —Yes, it may be thought that these very murderers have themselves been mur- dered and buried there ! With these speculations I hinted my wish to my conductor to return. He locked up the dead ; and, filled with what I have now disclosed, I retraced my steps through the long and dreary passages, each of which called a turnkey into requisition at its gate, and at length I emerged to the sweets of freedom and the bustle and hum of the city. 