BURNING OF A LINE-OF-BATTLE SHIP. On the night of the 14th, soon after I had turned in, I was suddenly roused by an alarm of fire. Jumping out of my hammock, I learned from the sentry in the cockpit, that it was not the Royal Augustus, but.' one of the aijuuuruu i wus urvsscu .uiiu uu Uww& lu i% moment, when I saw volumes of dense smoke, illumined by occasional flashes of lurid flame, issuing from the stern ports of the Ajax. The Royal Augustus was the nearest ship to the Ajax, which was distant from her about two or three cables, and as many points on the star- board bow. It .was blowing moderately fresh at the time, from the N.N.E., and the squad ron rode head to wind. As soon as he knew the critical situation of his ship, Capt. Black wood sent a midshipman in the jolly boat to apprise the Admiral of his danger, and to request that the boats of the squadron might be sent, in readiness to take off the crew, should it be found necessary to abandon the ship. It was soon seen that ' the fire was making further progress— the flames now issuing in a stream from the after-part of the ship, and ascending towards the poop. The night signal had been made for assistance upon the first alarm of lire, and every exertion wag making to get our own boats into the water. It was plain that the hope of saving the Ajax was fast decreasing : every instant the flames were gathering ahead, and, from our proximity to the burning ship, it became a question, whether, in the event of the fire reaching the magazine and exploding, there was not danger of some of the burning mass falling on board the Royal Augustus. Some such idea, no doubt, influenced the Admiral and Captain ; for, before the boats could be got out, orders were given to cut the cable, and in a few minutes the Royal Augustus was running to leeward under jib and staysails. This step, which many people in command, and who are keenly sensible of the great weight and responsibility that are always inseparable from it, would perhaps have adopted under the cir cumstances, struck me at the time as being rather precipitate ; for before the boats could be got away, we had run more than half a mile ti> leeward, to recover which distance they had to pull against a rather fresh breeze and lee current. When the ship had dropped to a distance thought sufficiently safe and clear, she was again brought up. From the manner in which the fire was gaining head, it was now evident that the safety of the crew must depend upon the exertions and assistance of the boats of the squadron ; by ten o'clock the flames had burst through the stern, wrap, ping the whole of the after part of the ship in fire; owing, however, to the direction of the wind, and, no doubt, to the great and untiring efforts of the stout-hearted crew to subdue them, their progress forward was not rapid. Still they advanced, and bfefore midnight pre sented one of the most terribly-sub'ime pictures I ever beheld— beautiful, it might be described, could the mind divest itself of its fears and anxiety for the gallant crew. The wind had sunk almost to acalra, and the deuse black smoke hung like a pall or canopy around the devoted ship, whilst the fire that glowed and raged within, showed every spar, shroud, and rope, as distinctly painted as if tiaced by an artist's pencil. Heated by the intenseness of the fire, the ordnance are dis charged one by one, knelling the death of the noble ship, like minute guns at the funeral of some deceased officer. Fiercer and fiercer glows and hisses the now resistless fire; higher and higher mount the aspiring flames ; soon the tough, strong cordage feels their withering touch, dissolving like flax before the breath of the destroyer. No longer sustained aloft, the yards cant on end, and sink into the yawning fiery gulf, which seems to roar and hunger for their reception. .The lofty masts, which stood proudly erect to the last, nor yielded till the releutless fire had pierced their inmost core, at length fall prone into the sea ; like the war rior, who though the steel have reached his heart, still faces and frowns defiance on his foe, nor blenches nor falls till the life-blood gushes from the wound. After tho fall of the masts, the smouldering hull long remained un moved, nor did it drift until two o'clock in the morning, when, the light wind having veered a little more to the eastward, it was slowly borne towards the island of Tenedos, upon which it struok ; and at five o'clock, a partial explosion of the magazine shattered to pieces what the fire had not consumed. Thus miserably perished the noble, but ilLstarred Ajax !— a most inauspicious omen for the success of our enterprise, and an irreparable loss, considering its magnitude, and the smallness of the force with which it was to be attempted. Our boats returned soon after two o'olook in the morning, having saved u good many of tho crew: The following day it wus ascertained that the captain and half the offi cers had been secured— all tbe rest had miser ably perished ! TO THE METHODISTS OF GREAT BRITAIN, MEMBERS OF THE WESLEYAN ASSOCIA TION, NEW CONNEXION AND PRIMITIVE METHODIST SOCIETIES, Christian Brethren, The subject of immigration occupies much of the attention of the British public, and as New South Wales is considered an important field for the reception of immigrants, it is probable some of you may be induced, through the highly- coloured representations that are made, to leave country and kin, and try your fortune there. My present design is to give you some information as to the real state of things, for the newspaper reports are not always to be depended upon, and especially on matters which to religious men are of para mount importance — 1 mean religious privi- leges, or, in other words, means for religious improvement. Christian men desire in all their movements to consider whether their opportunities for religious improvement will be increased,— if they will get more good, and be more useful to their fellow-men ; if such considerations do not influence them, but only whether they will improve their worldly circumstances, irres pective of religion, they are traitors to their own souls. Is there any Methodist Society in New South Wales with whom I can associate ? would be a very natural question. Some would answer, O yes, there is the Wesleyan, which has been established many years in that colony. But aie they as exclusive, and their government as arbitrary as it is here ? Of all liberty I "alue religious liberty most, for not withstanding my desire to mend my temporal affairs,' I must look to this ? Your informanc will perhaps tell you the preachers on foreign stations are Missionaries, who, in the self- denying spirit of their Master, have left their connexion at home to go to preach th e gospel in a foreign land, and they could not be snpr posed to act contrary to the spirit of thti- calling. You would doubtless consider this reasoning conclusive, especially if you have Gathered vour notions of a Missionary's life from the speeches you have heard on a Mis sionary platform. This would be strengthened if your mlormant should point you to the " instructions to Missionaries," such as " fol low no trade"— because the Committee -feel themselves pledged to pay an affectionate at tention to all your wants. &c.;,— so long as you continue to regulate your expenses by as much of conscientious regard to economy as may be found to consist with your health and comfort, and with the real demands of the work of God." This would be a settler. Men so instructed, following out these instructions, could have none of the inducements to act in an arbitrary manner that the home preachers have, and beside, their work would not afford them the necessary leisure. However, I must put you right on this subject, Wesleyanisin with you is objectionable on account of the arbitrary rule of the preachers, being themselves the sources, the judges, and the administrators of the law. If such be its character with you, it is worse here; for the argument used to 'show a difference on foreign stations, hus really a Contrary effect; Reproved far from the obser vation; of the Missionary Committee, whose agents they profess to be, and uninfluenced by any'Hlncal authority, tbe preachers act, as you will ever find the underlings to do, with more tyranny than their musters. If you come here with the hope of enjoying liberty under the Wesleyans you will be deceived. They will let you jvprship with them, and meet in their classesand pay as much as you please, and if you'BMliberally, you will get occasionally a smiieTTeeognition ; but coupled with this niust be implipit obedience, or excommunica tion, with all the odium and laceration which Wesleyans so well know how to inflict with you, and you may depend upon it tbe Botany Bay Wesleyans are not a whit behind them. You have doubtless heard of the celebrated case of the expulsion of Mr. Greenhaigh, of Manchester, in 1834, for writing and publish ing a pamphlet, entitled aa Address to the Members and Friends of the Wesleyan Mis- sionary Society, relative to the Theological Institution, in which the necessity of stopping the supplies was advocated, ft, bring thepreachers to. For this Mr. G. was brought to trial. The Rev. Mr. Andersou was the accuser and judge ; there were twenty-five persons present, and after six of them had expressed their belief, by lilting up their hands, that Mr. Greenhaigh had written the pamphlet in question, a fact which he never denied, the rev. gentleman pro. nounced the following sentence " I now, as in the presence of God, to whom 1 am account able for my conduct, pronouuee iu the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, that Brother Greenhaigh is no longer a member of the Wesleyan Society." This is an instance of Wesleyan despotism, which in God's name drives out from his churches the objects of his love. There have been here instances of -the same spirit being at work. One, in which a preacher (local of course) was cut oft'. Because lie spoke uf stopping the supplies ? No, but be cause ho refused to pledge lumself not to advo cate the disuse of alcoholic wines at the sacrament, at any rime or place. Here is au instance of wanton rule, in a matter no way whatever affecting the character or peace of the church ; for the individual in question offered to give a pledge that he would not agitate the subject in the church, nor as a member of the same but this would not do ; obedience was the order of the day, that being refused, expulsion must ensue. Indeed there are greater facilities for acting in this way here, and setting all representations at defiance, from the. fact already stated, they, being the sole agents of the Missionary Committee . 1 am led to believe the Missionary Committee are themselves a Mile in the- dark about the doings of these Missionaiuss. Only think, £25 i or £300 per year for these self-denying men — phaetons and gigs are necessary append ages 'to a preacher's establishment. This amount of salary in. a place where a, family of respectability may be kept in mere eatables for 20s. per week,, no house rent, extra pay for servants, horse keep,.and,horse-keeper. Would it ever have entered into the head of the venerable Wesley, that any of his helpers should goto a foreign station to preach the Gospel, and by paying a proper regard to economy and the real demands of the work of Gbd, become proprietors of Bank Stock, and occasional discounters. " We wish you," say fhe Missionary instructions. " to he at the re. inotest distance from all temptation to a secular or mercenary temper of course there is no danger in violating these instructions by the above matter. Well, say yon, T will even stop where I am. But are tbereno Association, New Connection or Primitive Methodists ? Why, yes, there is another society, composed of members of these societies. These, say you, will do for me. I oan live with them if their principles are like any of these Societies for their members have a voice in the management of the Church affairs, through their representatives. The society in question is governed on those prin ciples ; but common honesty compels me to warn you of one or two things, which you will have to endure,, if you join them. You' may expect persecution in, all .its covert forms from19 our good friends of .whom we have been speak ing, What, will they not/et me worship with whom I like ? Not, if they/can helpj.it, they will be at no loss for means to prevent you, they will not stumble at trifles, (judging from the past) they hold the doctrine, that the end j us- tifies the means, having the semblance of God's ministers, and being what is called res pectable, (a vugue. term) their slanderous at tacks are more likely to have effect, If you should have the courage to require an expla nation, they will tell you, " Q, it's merely my opinion." You will not enjoy in this Colony equal civil privileges, if you belong to the Society in question. This statement may require some explanation. Yon must understand then, that the Episcopal, Roman Catholic, Presby. terian. and. Wesleyans, .receive support from the State, and that each of these have autho rity to. solemnize marriages, and register the same, as well as tneir baptisms and deaths in the Registrar' Office— the' same is enjoyed by the independents 'and Baptists.. These re cords only would be received in a court of law as evidence: so thatif you'sliouid come here and join yourself to- the society in question, you can neither record the births of your chit tlren — and if you shonld.be called to part with any of your family by .death, .you,. must submit to have them consigned to their mother earth as members of another commmunion — or have them " buried out of your sight," as a personal favour, as I had' ;a child buried by my good , friends the Wesleyans. . .It is true you may have them interred, .and ''no questions asked',' by the Episcopalians, by. having that much- spoken of burial service read oyer them, that charitably commits to the dust" the hoary headed sinner, who 'Has died in his sins., " with a sure and certain hope of a resurrection to eternal-life."'' You need not be surprised at the want of union here; when I tell you that they cannot agree to bury their dead in one place — divided while living, divided when dead. Consider these things well before you decide upon coming. here. Metliinks 1 hear you. say, cannot these things be mended ? I wouMfiin hope tbey could ; but when, is anothergqhesi tion. We. made the attempt in the present Session of the Legislative Council, by having a Bill introduced to register our baptisms, aud to solemnize marriages. We could not con ceive what objection there could be to grant ing this right. When it came to the second reading, it was assailed-from all quarters j and 1 unhesitatingly state through the influence ot the Wesleyans. What were the objections raised ? Why, that we were not respectable, not known, &e.; j but the truth was let out by the Colonial Secretary, " pass this bill, give them a legislative reeognition, and they will come in for a share of the'ldaves find the fishes.'' Have any of the rulers joined them ? No ! Then we wont pass the bill. No, says one of the Legal Solons, we admit " the principle of equal rights,'' but these parties are not res pectable, This is a specimen of Colonial liberality. : Yetmauy of these very men pro fess to be friends ;to equal laws, ike., but when called upon to give a pt actical proof of their regard to this principle, they turn round and say, those who are seeking equal rights in this instance, are " not respectable." If this is. not class ietji,lation,whut is.it ? You may be told it is a land of Religious liberty. ' li's asolemu . mockery to call this religious liberty. lam addressing Methodists, who value the means that are in use amongst such, who would prefer a Methodist pasture to any other ;, there fore, I repeat, that if you come here, y ou niust make up your mind .to. be .a merb serf, ' under an oligarchical despotism, "or you will be de prived of your civil rights, and exposed to cavort persecution by thasewho, (however they may preach to the contrary,) would rather you should become part of the demoralized mass that surrounds ns, and add to its amount : than continue, by the moral influence of your character, to aid in counteracting its effect. If I should be favoured with auother opportu nity of addressing you, it will be on the sub ject of Education and Labour. I am, &c.;, JOHN GARRETT- July 30, 1844. "We liave inserted Mr. Garrett's- letter, because we cannot shut our columns to any one who -makes out a prima facie case of grievance. At the same time, however, we do not coincide with his opinions. The bill alluded to was ndt rejected by the Council, but withdrawn, on the understand ing that a comprehensive measure would be introduced, placing all classes on an equal footing in these respects. — Ed.C.O. 