PUBLIC EDUCATION. During the ensuing session the Legislative Council will necessarily have its attention directed to the important question of Public Education, The expences of the existing schools will this year be defrayed out of the Ordinary Revenue, in the usual way, but the Act of Parliament provides, that, for the future, they shall be borne by the District Corporations; and his Excellency the Gover nor has intimated, that the estimates for the public service will not henceforth embrace this item. It will be necessary, therefore, for the Legislature to enact some law for the guidance of the District Councils in this im portant business, otherwise, instead of any uniform and efficient system of public Edu cation, we shall probably have no system at all, but endless wrangling and confusion all over the territory. The education of the people of New South Wales is undoubtedly beset with difficulties, in whatever way we view it. The absence generally of properly qualified teachers, arising from the paltry remunera tion offered to them, and the consequent low position in society which persons so occupied hold ; — the scattered position of the popula tion, and their division into different religious bodies, from which circumstance three or four schools are required in the same locality where one would otherwise suffice — the very religious freedom ( which we enjoy, every division claiming a separate grant of the public money — are one and all obstacles to the establishment of good national schools. Yet we ought not to conclude that these obstacles are insurmountable. The object to be attained by a proper system of public education is too great and important to be abandoned because of difficulties, and although it may be at once conceded that no general system of education could possibly be invented which would at the outset give full satisfac tion to the three or four leading divisions of Christians in our state ; it does not follow that it is impossible to concoct a system, which would answer the chief ends contem- plated by all. It is certainly possible to devise a system which would be unobjection able, so far as its objects should extend. It will be admitted that education is one of the first and greatest wants of a people — the source of their glory and prosperity, the base of their political existence. It is therefore one of the first duties of a government to pro mote it, and to be ever solicitous to multiply its benefits. Laws may be -formed for the organization of society, but education alone can make that organization lasting, inasmuch as education alone can regulate the popular will, by convincing the understanding of the wisdom and advantage of submitting to such laws, and maintaining them in their purity, We have recently been entrusted with the exercise of the elective franchise, and free institutions are taking root in our soil. The domination of the majority, or the vox populi will, doubtless, to a certain extent prevail in this territory. At this thought we rejoice most heartily, for with old John Barbour, (chaplain to King David Bruce,) we hold that «—- — —Fredome is a nobill thing, Fredome maks a man to have lykinge, Fredome al solace to men gives, He lives at ese that freely lives ! " Still it is but too manifest from the experience of all nations, that freedom itself, without some other safeguard than popular caprice, soon degenerates into the most hateful tyranny ; and as wehave none of those feudal, patriarchal, or spiritual ties which bound men together in Barbour's time, we can only hope to transmit to future generations the freedom which we boast, and which we seek farther to extend, by confering on our .youth a sound moral and intellectual education A badly educated American boasts of his freedom, (and the con stitution of his country is a glorious one,) yet he hates with the hatred of a fiend the man who will urge him to emancipate his negroes An Australian farmer is ready to call aloud for " restrictive duties" and "no taxation" in the same breath. All this proceeds in part from selfishness, which is common to the learned and unlearned, but from that kind of short-sighted selfishness, which can only co exist with a deplorable degree of ignorance. It is possible enough for a man of education to entertain such ideas, as it was possible for one of the most learned men of the last cen tury to write a treatise to prove that men were originally born with tails, or for Dr. Johnson to live in dread of ghosts ; but it is hardly possible for an educated community to fall into such errors. What wise or enlight ened measures can be expected to result from the sway of the majority , unless that majority is enlightened by a proper course of moral and intellectual education? And what can be looked for from the existing system, or rather the total absence of all system, by which our youth are allowed to grow up, either destitute of all education, or only possessing that superficial smattering of knowledge, which just enables them to exhibit the com bination of ignorance and impudence which is already but too much their characteristic ? And if this is the case in populous towns, what shall we say of the rural population, who are in numberless instances beyond the reach of intellectual improvement of any kind ? Under such a system the possession of political franchises would be a curse rather than a blessing ; the constituencies would become the tools of any class of interested politicians who might be able to persuade them that any given measure was calculated for their temporary benefit. It is indeed but too plain that this error has already prevailed in some parts of the Colony ; and this could only have occurred through popular igno rance. Seeing, therefore, and foreseeing such re sults, it is imperative on the government and the legislature to set about an educational reform without any further loss of time; and to apply themselves at the same time to the establishment of a system that shall be in harmony with the wants of society, and the spirit of the age. In order to accomplish this object it will be necessary, as we have already remarked, to. overcome many obstacles. The members of the Legislative Council will have each his individual prejudices (if he possesses any) to overcome, and this accomplished there will be the jarring interests out of doors to reconcile ; but all this,. though obviously difficult, is not- impossible, if members will only set about the thing with earnestness and good faith.. Iel discussing this important question, with a view to its final adjustment, every respect should be maintained for the conflicting but conscientious opinions of the parties interested, and no measure should be adopted which would exclude any numerous class of colonists from its full and entire benefits. We shall, in another article, endeavour to> shew that a uniform comprehensive system of public education is the only system that can be efficient, and that such a system can be made consistent with the rights and principles of all the leading parties of our state. 