ENGLISH FOREIGN POLICY. Tai? foreign policy pursued by England for the last 300 years, since the establishment of the so-called reformation, has been one exceedingly disgraceful to her as a nation: us well as utterly bootless for the objects contemplated, viz. protestantising Europe. All the world knows the schemes, intrigues, plots, and machinations hatched and fo mented in Scotland, by Elizabeth, against her cousin, Queen Mary, until she raised up a set of indescribable miscreants, who first assassinated her secretary Rizzio in her presence; then assassinated her hus band, the weak and vain Darnley: then sought to fix on that amiable and kind hearted woman, the guilt of that horrible deed, hiring the elegant though prostituted pen of Buchanan to forge documents to sustain the foul and atrocious charge: then urging on her bastard brother Murray and his confederates, to wage war against his sister, Queen, and Sovereign Lady, and who drove her out of her own realm to fall into the toils of Elizabeth-that Mlesalina who, dead to shame, blushed not to have her fancy dian's apartmecnt'Lear her own: and concluded; (when she could not find an assassin in Dru'yr or Plaulet) by shedding the blood of the noble and innocent Queen of Scots'! Elizabeth (stingy as she was) yet could spare money for the Hisguenots, to foment civil war in France, filling it with rebellion and carnage-the same in Holland: after wards, the Venetians having a dispute with Pope Paul V, King James sent Sir H. Woot ton to Venice, to do the very same, and, if possible, to re-enact the scenes of Dreux and Jarnac in Italy: nay, Bedell, (a sort of Protestant Saint) who attended' Wootton as Chaplain- apostle, discovered that the Pope was anti-Christ! He found a print or picture, dedicated to the Pope, with the words Paulo V., Vice Deo. In these words Bedel discovered the number of .the beast, 666 ! and all .England rung with the glory of the wonderful. prophecy I - But they forgot that it was only in the dative case the number would be found-the nomina tive or accusative would spoil it! also, that if Paul V. were the anti-Christ, the pre ceding or following Pope having different names, could not be the anti-Christ tool Yet this anile absurdity-too ridiculous for argument-will it be believed, Burnet not only gravely relates, (life ,ofBedell) but eulogizes the man for his, wonderful acu men in the sublime discoveryk' That the spirit of intrigue is not dead in England, we see by the support given to the anti-Catholics in Spiin (as avowed by Borrow) to overthrow the national religion; yet, what can be more dishonourable or unworthy of a generous nation I! And with these damning facts too, registered in the faithful page of history, the prime minister of a nation which has constantly been the fomes of rebellion and religious war in neighbouring states, rises up and reproaches Mr, Shiel lately in the House of Commons, because he only blamed the Americans for sending money and letters of sympathy to O'Connell and the Irish; and did not in dignantly denounce it! Proh pudor ! O, Sir Robert! read the history of the nation you rule, and then talk of indignant de nunciation ! O'Connell emancipated the English Ca tholic nobles too soon-their necks were too well assuefacted to the yoke to bear freedom, still less power. No wonder, es pecially, a parvenu Lord like Beaumont, should attack O'Connell and the Irish, when he gives his support to the execrable Espartero and the Spanish Infidels, The events of the week at home and abroad are deeply absorbing The Regency of Espartero in Spain has served its time and the purposes of Him by whom Kings reign : and a settled government may soon be expected in that distracted country, in spite of the Regent's opposition. In supporting the policy of Lord Palmerston, in relation to Spain, the Catholic members of Parliament com mitted a deploraule error The elements of revo. lution, both physical and moral, were thereby in. introduced into Spain in every possible way; and in Borrow's Book, so well analysed in the last Dublin Review, we are informed.that Mr. Villiers (now Lord Clarendon), not only by himself, hut throuý,h the British Consuls in Spain, agreed to give all the support of their oficial situations to. wards the destruction of the Catholic religion. Mr. Borrow says, U I was of course much rejoiced on receiving this information. I hqlieve that this was the first instance of a British amnbassador having made the cause of the Bible Society a nationalone, or indeed of having favored it directly or indi. rectly. The Holy Ghost had probably illumined his mind on this point." It is singular to view in Spain the very system that Queen Elizabeth pur sued in Scotland. Her agents here acted as Lord Clarendon did in Spain. But there is this .n happy difference-that while Spain gave counsel and pecuniary aid to support the languishing in. terests of Catholicity in Scotland, we can give nothing but prayers for her speedy restoration to tranquillity and order, We pray Heaven the disorders our policy has been producing elsewhere may not overtake our. selves. But this is not to be mistaken, that the state of Great Britain and Ireland is very alarming. While injustice to one-third part of the empire is the principle that keeps the present ministry to. gether, the people of Ireland,are (as they ought to he) dissatisfied, and resolved to have their only guarantee for good government-a Native Parlia. ment. In Wales, the population under Rebecca and her daughters, are absolutely without the pale of Civil Government, and throughout Great Bri. tain, the agricultural population is suffering the greatest privations. In Eldinburgh alone, we have 1500 able bodied men, with large families, or alto gether 6000 mouths, in a state of absolute'starva. tLion--while the government with large funds placed last year at its disposal, by parliament, for improve. mente about towns, will not even condescend to give an answer to the appeals that are made on behalf of the unemployed, for part of this money. Such is our present internal conditions but if the ingenious papers of our medical friend on fever are correct (and they confirm our own experience), the ravages of disease that will soon result from this extended destitution, give just cause of appre. heonsion for the effects of the next winiter.-Edinr burgh Courier.. . 