TOM BOURKE OF « OURS." CHAPTER I. mvsbi.f. It was at the close of a cold, raw day in January —no matter for the year — that the' Galway mail was seen to wind its slow course through that long and dull plain that skirts the Shannon, as you approach the "sweet town of Athlone."' The reeking box-coats and dripping umbrellas that hung down 011 every side bespoke a day of heavy rain, while the splashed and mud-stained panels of the coach bore token of cut-up roads, which the jaded and toil-worn horses amply confirmed. If the outsidps,"with hats pressed firmly down, and heads bent against the cutting wind, presented an aspect far from comfortable, those within, who peeped with difficulty through the dim glass, had 1 little to charm the eye ; their flannel nightcaps and red comforters were only to be seen at rare inter vals, as they gazed on the dreary prospect, and then sunk back into the coach, to con over their moody thoughts, or if fortunate, perhaps to doze. In the rumble, with the guard, rode one, whose burly figure and rosy cheeks seemed to feel no touch of the inclement wind that made his com panions crouch. An oiled-silk foraging cap, fastened beneath the chin, and a large mantle of blue cloth bespoke him a soldier, if even the as sured toiie of his voice, and a certain easy carriage of his head, had not conveyed to the acute observer the same, information. Now inquiring of the guard of the various per sons whose property lay on either side — the name of1 some poor hamlet, or some humble village — How humming to himself some stray verse of an old campaigning song, he passed his time, diversi fying these amusements by a courteous salute to a gaping country girl, as with unmeaning look she stared at the passing coach. But his principal occupation seemed to consist in retaining one wing of his wide cloak around the figure of a little boy, who lay asleep beside him, and whose head jogged heavily against his arm with every motion of the coach. . " And so that's Athlone, yonder, you tell me," said the captain, for such he was. " The sweet town of Athlone, ochotic ! Well, it might be worse. I've passed ten years in Africa — on the burning coast, as they call it : you never light a fire to cook your victuals, but only lay them before the sun for ten minutes, game something less, and the joint's done ; all true, by Jove ! Lie still, my young friend, or you'll heave us both over ! And ' whereabouts does he live, guard ? " " Something like a mile and a half from here," replied the gruff guard. " Poor little fellow, he's sleeping it out well. They certainly don't take over much care of him, or they'd nev.er have sent him on the to£ of a coach, in weather like this, without even a great coat to cover him. I say, Tom, my lad, wake up, you're not far from home now. Are you dream ing of the plumb-pudding, and the pony, and the big spaniel— eh?" " Whist!" said the guard, in a low whisper. " The chap's father is dying, and they've sent for him from school to see him.'' A loud blast of the horn now awoke me tho roughly from the half- dreamy slumber in which I had listened to the previous dialogue, and I sat up and looked about me. Yes, reader, my unworthy self it was, who was then indulging in as a pleasant a dream of home and holidays as ever blessed even a schoolboy's vigils. Though my eyes -were open, it was some minutes before I could rally myself to understand where I was, and with what object. My senses were blunted by cold, and my drenched limbs were/ramped and stiffened ; for the worthy captain, to whose humanity I owed the share of his cloak, had only joined" the coach late in the day, and during the whole morning I had been ex posed to the most pitiless downpour of rain. " Here you are !" said the rough guard, as the coach drew up to let me down. "No need of blowing the horn here, I suppose." This was said in allusion to the miserable ap pearance of the ruined cabin that figured at my father's gate lodge, where some naked children were seen standing before the door, looking with astonishment at the coach and passengers. " Well, good-by, my little man. I hope you'll find the governor better. Give him my respects ; and, hark ye, if ever you come over to Athlone don't forget to come and see me— Captain Bub- bleton — George Frederic Augustus Bubbleton, 45th regiment, or when at home, Little Bubbleton, Herts and Bungalow Hut, in the Carnatie ; that's the mark ; so good-by — good-by." I waved my hand to him in adieu, and then turned to enter the gate. " Well, Freny," said I to a half-dressed, wild- looking figure that rushed out to lift the gate open, for the hinges had been long, broken, and it was attached to the pier by some yards of strong rope,. " how is my father ?" A gloomy nod and a discouraging sign with his open hand, was the only reply. " Is there any hope ?" said I faintly. " Sorrow one of me knows. I darn't go near the house. I was sarved with notice to quit a month ago, and they tell him I m gone. Oh, vo — vo ! what's to become of us all !" I threw the bag, which contained my humble wardrobe, on my shoulder, and, without waiting for further questioning, walked forward. Night was falling fast, and nothing short of my intimacy with the place from infancy could have enabled me to find my way. The avenue, from long ne glect and disuse, was completely obliterated'; the fences were broken up to burn ; the young trees had mostly shared the same fate ; the cattle strayed at will through the plantations, and all bespoke utter ruin and destruction. If the scene around me wa9. sad, it oply the better suited my own heart. I was returning to a home where I had never heard the voice of kind ness or affection ; where one fond word, one look of welcome had never met me.- I was returning, not to receive the last blessing of a loving parent, but merely sent for, as a necessary ceremony on the occasion. And perhaps there was a. mock pro priety in inviting me once more to the house which I was never to revisit. My father, a widower for many years, had bestowed all his affection on my elder brother, to whom so much of his property as had escaped the general wreck was to descend. He had been to Eton under the guidance of a pri vate tutor, while an obscure Dublin school was deemed, good enough for me. For him every nerve was strained to supply all his boyish extra vagance, and enable him to compete with the sons of men ot high rank and fortune, whose names, mentioned in his letters home, were an ample re compense for all the lavish expenditure their intimacy entailed. My letters were few and brief ; their unvaried theme, the delay in the last quarter's payment, or the unfurnished condition of my little trunk, which more than once exposed me to the taunts of my schoolfellows: He was a fair and delicate boy, timid in manner, and retiring in disposition ; I am a brown-faced varlet, who knew every one from the herd to the high -sheriff. To him the servants were directed to look up as the head of the house, while I was consigned either to total neglect, or the atten tions of those who only figured as supernumeraries in our army list. Yet, with all these sources of jealousy between us, we loved each other tenderly. George pitied " poor Tommy," as he called me, and for that very pity my heart clung to him. He would often undertake to plead my cause for those bolder in fractions his gentle nature never ventured on ; and it was only when from long association with boys of superior rank, whose habits and opinions he believed to be standards for his imitation, that at length a feeling of estrangement grew up be tween us, and we learned to look somewhat coldly on each other. F rom these brief details it will not be wondered at if I turned homeward with a heavy heart. From the hour I received the letter of my recall — which was written by my father's attorney in most concise and legal phrase— I had scarcely cea <ed to shed tears ; for so it is, there is some thing in the very thought of being left an orphan, friendless and unprotected, quite distinct from the loss of affection and kindness, which overwhelms the young heart with a very flood of wretched ness ; besides, a stray word or two of kindness had now and then escaped my father towards me, and I treasured these up as my richest possession. I thought them over and over ; many a lonely night, when my heart has been low and sinking, I re peated them to myself, like talismans against grief, and when I slept my dreams would dwell on them, and make my waking happy, As I issued from a dark copse of heech trees the indistinct outline of the old house met my eye. I could trace the high-pitched roof, the tall and pointed g ibles, against the sky ; and with a strange sense of undefinable fear beheld a solitary light that twinkled from the window of an upper room, where my lather lay ; the remainder of the build ing was in deep shadow. I mounted the long flight of stone steps that led to what once had been a terrace, but the bal- lustrades were broken many a year ago, and even the heavy granite stone had been smashed in several places. The hall-door lay wide open, and the hall itself had no other light save such as the flickering of a wood fire afforded, as its uncertain flashes fell upon the dark wainscoat and the floor. I had just recognised the grim, old-fashioned portraits that covered the walls, when my eye was attracted by a figure near the fire. I approached, and beheld an old ma n doubled With age, his bleared eyes were bent upon the wood embers, which he was trying to rake together with a stick. His clothes bespoke the most miserable poverty, and afforded no protection against the cold and cutting blast. He was croning some old song to himself as I drew near, and paid no attention to me. I moved round so as to let the light fall on his lace, and then perceived it was old Lanty, as he was called. Poor fellow ! age and neglect had changed him sadly since I had seen him last. He had been the huntsman of the family for two generations, but having somehow displeased my father one day at the cover, he rode at him and struck him on the head with his loaded whip. The man fell senseless from his. horse, and was carried home. A few days, however, enabled him to rally and be about again, but his senses had left him for ever. All recollection of the unlucky circum stance had faded from his mind, and his rambling thoughts dwelt on his old pursuits, so that he passed his days about the stables, looking after the horses, and giving directions about them. , Lat terly he had become too infirm for this, and never left his own cabin ; but now, from some strange cause, lie had ' come up to the " house," and was sitting by the fire as I found him. They who know Ireland will acknowledge the strange impulse which at the approach of death seems to excite the people to congregate about the house of mourning. The passion for deep and powerful excitement, the most remarkable feature in their complex nature, seems to revel in the de tails of sorrow and suffering. Not content even with the tragedy before them, they call in the aid of superstition to heighten the awf'ulness of the scene, and every story of ghost and banshee is conned over in tones that need not the occasion to make them thrill upon the heart. At such a time the deepest workings of their wild spirits are re vealed. Their grief is low and sorrow-struck, or it is loud and passionate : now breaking into some plaintive wail over the virtues of the departed ; now bursting into a frenzied appeal to the Father of Mercies, as to the justice of recalling those from earth who were, its blessing ; while, stranger than all, a dash of reckless merriment will break in upon the gloom, but it is like the red lightning through the storm, that as it rends the cloud, only displays the havoc and desolation around, and at its parting loaves even a blacker darkness behind it. From my infancy I had been familiar with scenes of this . kind ; and my habit of stealing away unobserved from home to witness a country wake had endeared., me much to the country people, who felt this ho small kindness from " the master's son." Somehow the ready welcome and attention I always met with, had worked on my young heart, and I learned to feel all the interest of these scenes fully as much as those about me. It was then with a sense of desolation that I looked upon the one solitary mourner, who. now sat at the hearth— t,ha.t poor old idiot man who gazed on vacancy, or mutter with parohed lip some few words to himself ; that he alone should be found to join his sorrows to ours, seemed to me ilke utter destitution, and as I leaned against the chimney I burst into tears. " Don't cry, alannah, don't cry," said the old man : " it's the worst way at all. Get up again and ride him at it bould. Oh, vo, look at where the thief is taking now— along the stone wall there." Here he broke out into a low wailiug ditty— ' And the fox set him down and looked about, And many were feared to follow. ' Maybe I'm wrong.' says he, ' but I doubt. That you'll be as gay to-morrow ; For loud as you cry, and high as you ride. And little you feel my sorrow, I'll be free on the mountain-side, While you'll lay low to-morrow.' Oh, Moddideroo, aroo, aroo." Ay, just so' — they'll run to earth in the could churchyard- Whist — hark there — soho, soho that's badger I hear " I turned away with a bursting heart, and felt my way up the broad oak stair, which was left in completer darkness. As I reached the corridor, off' which the bed-rooms lay, I heard voices talk ing together in a low tone — hey came from my father's room, the door of which lay ajar. I ap proached noiselessly and peeped in.. By the fire, which was the only light now in the apartment, sat two persons at a small table, one of whom I at once recognised as the tall solemn-looking figure of Doctor Finnerty ; the other I detected by the sharp tones of his voice to be Mr. Anthony Basset, my father's confidential attorney. On the table before them lay a mass of papers, parchments, leases, deeds together with glasses and a black bottle, whose accompaniments of hot water and sugar, left no doubt as to its contents. The chimney-piece was crowded with a range of vials and medicine bottles, some of them empty, some of them half finished. From the bed in the corner of the room came the heavy sounds of snoring res piration, which either betokened deep sleep or in sensibility. If I enjoyed but little favour in my father's house, I owed much of the co'dness shown to me in eonclave. Of the precise source of the doctor's dislike I was not quite clear, except perhaps that I recovered from the measles when he predicted my certain death ; the attorney's was, however, no mystery. About three years before he had stopped to breakfast at our house on his way to Ballinas'o? fair. As his pony was led round to the stable i caught my eye. It was a most tempting bit of horseflesh, fuli of spirit and in top condition, for he was going to sell it. I followed him round, and appeared just as the servant was about to unsaddle him. The attorney was no favourite in the house and I had little difficulty in persuading the man, in stead of taking off the saddle, merely to shorten the stirrups to. the utmost limit. The next minute I was on his back flying over the lawn at a stretching gallop. Fences abounded on all sides, and I rushed him at double ditches, stone walls, and bog-wood rails, with a mad delight that at every leap rose higher. After about three quarters of an honr thus passed, his blood, as well as my own, being by this time thoroughly roused, I determined to try him at the wall of an old pound, which stood some few hundred yards from the front of the house Its exposure to the window, at any other time, would have deterred me from even the thought of such an exploit, now I was quite beyond the pale of such cold calculations, besides that, I was accompanied by a select party of all the labourers, with their wives and children, whose praises of my horsemanship would have made me take the lock of a canal if before me. A fine gallop 0 grass sward led to the pound, and over this I went, cheered with as merr.y a cry ss ever stirred a light heart. One glance I threw at the house as I drew near the leap ; the window of the breakfast parlour was open, my father and Mr. .Basset were both at it ; 1 saw their faces red with passion, 1 heard their loud shout ; my very spirit sickened within mc— I saw no more ; I felt the pony rush at the wall — the quick stroke of his feet — the rise — the plunge — and then a crash — and I was sent spinning over his head some half dozen yards, ploughing up the ground on face and hands. I was carried home with a broken head ; the pohy's knees were in the same condition. My father said that he ought to be shot for humanity's sake; Tony suggested the same treatment for me, on similar grounds. The upshot, however, was, I secured an enemy for life, and worse still, one whose power to injure was equalled by his inclination. Into the company of these two worthies I now found myself thus accidentally thrown , and would gladly have retreated at once, but that some indes cribable impulse to be near my father's sick bed was on me, and so I crept stealthily in and sat- down in a large chair at the foot of the bed, where unnoticed I listened to the long- drawn heavings of his chest, and in silence wept over my own desolate condition. For a long time the absorbing nature of my own grief prevented me hearing the muttered conversation near the fire ; but at length, as the night wore on, and my sorrow had found vent in tears, I began to listen to the dialogue beside me. He'll have five bundled pounds under his grand father's will in spite of us ; but what's that?" said the attorney. ( " I'll take him as apprentice for it, I know," said the doctor, with a grin that made me shudder. " That's settled already," replied Mr. Bassett. " He's to be articled to me for five years : but I think it's likely he'll go to sea before the time ex pires.— How heavily the old man is sleeping ! Now, s that natural sleep p" " No - that's always a bad sign that puffing with the lips is generally among -the last symptoms. Well, he'll be a loss anyhow, when he's gone. There's an eight ounce mixture he never tasted yet — infusion of gentian, with soda. Put your lips to that." 1 "Devil a one o' me will ever sup the . like," said the attorney, finishing his tumbler of punch' as he spoke.— Phuugh » how catvyou dtink them things that way p" I ' Sure it's the compound infusion made with orange peel and cardamom seeds. There isn't one of them didn't cost two-and- ninepence. He'll be eight weeks in bed come Tuesday next " " Well, well ! If he lived til) the next assizes, it would be telling me four hundred pounds, not to speak of the costs of two ejectments I have in hand against Mullins and his father- in-law." " It's a wonder," said the doctor, after a pause, " that Tom didn't come by the coach. It's no mat ter now, at any rate ; for since the eldest son's away, there's no one here to interfere with us." " It was a masterly stroke of yours, doctor, to tell the old man the weather was too severe to bring George over from Eton As sure as he came, he'd make up matters with Tom ; and the end of it would be, I'd lose the agency, and you wouldn't have those pleasent little bills for the tenantry — eh, Fin P " "Whisht ! he's waking now-- — Well, sir— well, Mr. Burke, how do you feel, now P He's off again." " The funeral ought to be on a Sunday," said Bassctt in a whisper. " There'ill be no getting the people to come any other day. He's saying some thing, I think." " Fin," said my father, in a faint hoarse voice,— " Fin, give me a drink It's not warm." " Yes, sir : I had it on the fire." " Well, then, it's myself that's growing cold. How's the pulse now, Fin P — is the Dublin doctor come yet p" " No, sir ; we're expecting liim every minute ; but sure, you know, we're doing every thing." " Oh ! 1 know it. Yes, to he sure, Fin ; but they've many a new thing up in Dublin, there, we don' hear of. Whisht ! — what's that p" " It's Tony, sir — Tony Bassett : he's sitting up with me ." " Come over here. Tony. Tony, I'm going fast. I feel it, and my heart is low. Could we withdraw the proceedings about Freney p" " He's the biggest blackguard " "Ah! no matter now — I'm going to a place where we'llall need mercy. What was it that. C'anealy said he'd give for the land P". " Two pound ten an acre — and Ferney never paid thirty shillings out of if." " it's mighty odd George didn't come over." '' Sure 1 told you there was two feet of snow on the ground." " Lord be about us I what a severe season ! But why isn't Tom here p" 1 started at the words, ami was about to rush forward, when he added — " 1 d n't. want him, though " " Of course you don't," said the attorney. " It's little comfort he ever gave you. Ate you in pain there ? ' ' " Ay, great pain over my heart. Well, well ! don't he hard to him when I'm gone." " Don't let hint talk so much," said Bassett in a whisper to the doctor. " You must compose yourself, Mr. Burke," said the doctor. " Try and take a sleep. The night isn't half through yet. " The sick man obeyed without a word, and soon after the heavy respiration betokened the lethargic slumber once more. The voices of the speakers gradually fell into a low monotonous sound — he long-drawn breathings from the sick-bed mingled with them : the fire only sent forth an occasional gleam, as some piece of falling turf seemed to revive iis wasting, life, and shot up a myriad of bright sparks'; and the chirping- of the cricket in the chimney corner sounded to my mournful heart like the tick of the death-watch. As I listened, my tears fell fast ; and a gul, ing fulness in my throat made.mefeel like one in suffo cation. But deep sorrow, somehow, tends to sleep. The weariness of the long day and dreary night, exhaustion, the dull hum of the subdued voices, and the faint light-,— all combined to make me drowsy, and I fell into a heavy slumber. I am writing now of the far-off past — of the long years ago, of my youth— since which my seared heart has had many a sore and scalding lesson ; yet 1 cannot think of lhat night, fixed and graven as it lies in my memory, without a touch of boyish soft ness. 1 remember every waking thought that crossed my mind — my very dream is still before me. It was of my mother. I thought of her, as she lay on a sofa in the old drawing room, the window open, and the blinds drawn — the gentle breeze of a June morning flapping them lazily to and fro, as I knelt beoide her to repeat my little hymn, the first I ever learned ; — and how at each moment my eyes would turn and my 'thoughts stray to that open casement, through which the odour of flowers and the sweet song of birds were pouring ;. and my little heart was paniing for liberty, while her gentle smile and faint words bade me remember whete i was. And then 1 was straying away through the old garden, where the sun-hght feJl scantily through ;he thick woven branches loaded witlr perfumed blossom . the blackbirds hopped fearlessly from twig to twig, mingling their clear notes with the breezy murmur of the leaves, and the deep hum of summer bees. How happy was 1 then ! and why cannot such happiness be lasting P Why can we not shelter ourselves from the base contami nation of worldly cares, and live on amid pleasures pure as these, with hearts as holy and desires as sim ple as in childhood P Suddenly a change came over my dream, and the dark clouds began to gather from all quarters, and a low, creeping wind moaned heavily along. 1 thought i heard my name called. I started and awoke. For a second or two the delusion was so strong that I could not remember where J was ; but as the grey light of a breaking morning fell through the half open shutters, 1 beheld the two figures near the fire. They were both sound asleep, the deep drawn breath ing and nodding heads attesting the heaviness of their slumber. 1 felt cold and .cramped, but still afraid to stir, although a longing to approach the bed-side was still upon mo. A faint sigh and some muttered words here came to u y ear, and I listened. It was my father ; but so indistinct the sounds, they seemed more like the ramblings of a dream. I crept noise lessly on tiptoe to the bed, and. drawing the curtain gently over, gazed within. He was lying on his back, his arms and hands outside .the clothes. His beard had grown so much, and he had wasted so far, that I could scarcely have known him. His eyes were wide open, but fixed on the top of the bed ; his lips moved rapidly, and, by his hands, as they were closely clasped, I thought it was in prayer. I leaned over him, and placed my hand in his. For some time he did not seem to notice it, bu,t at last he. pressed it softly, and, rubbing the fingers to and fro, he said in a low, faint voice — " Is this your hand, my boy P" 1 thought my heart had split, as, in a gush of tears, 1 bent down and kissed him. " I can't see well, my dear— there's something be tween me and the light, and a weight is on me — here — here——" A heavy sigh, and a shudder that shook his whole frame, followed these words " They told me I wasn't to see you once again," said he, as a sickly smile played over his mouth — " but I know you'd come to sit by me. It's a lonely thing not to have one's own at such an hour as this. Don't weep, my dear — my own heart's failing me fast." A broken, muttering sound followed, and then he said, in a loud voice — " 1 never did it ! It was Tony Basset. He told me, he persuaded me— ah ! that was a sore day when I listened to him. Who's to tell me I'm not to be master of my own estate? Turn them adrift, ay, every man of them. I'll weed the ground of such wretches— eh, Tony? Did any one- say -Frenty's mother was dead P They may wake her at the cross toads, if they like. Poor old Molly ! I'm sorry for her, too. She nursed me and my sister that's gone ; and may be her death bed, poor as she was, was easier than mine will be— without kith or kin, child or friend. Oh, George !— and 1 that doated on you with all my heart ! Whose hand's this ? Ah, I forgot, my dar ling boy it's you. Come to me here, my child. Wasn't it for you that I toiled and scraped this many a year ? wasn't it for you that. 1 did all this, and — O God forgive me — maybe it's my soul that I've perilled to leave you a rich man . . Where's Tom ? where's that fellow now ?"' "Here,. sir," said I,. squeezing his hand, and pressing it to my lips. He sprang up at the words, and sat up in his bed, his eyes dilated to their widest, and his pale lips parted asundpr. " Where ?" .cried he, as he felt me over with bis thin fingers, and drew me towards liim. " Here, father, here." " And is this Tom?" said he, as his voice fell into a low, hollow, sound, and then added—" Where's George ? Answer me at once. Oh, I see it. He isn't here ; he wouldn't come over to see his old father. Tony ! Tony Basset, I say !" shouted the sick man in a voice that roused the sleepers, arid brought them to his bedside— " open that window there. Let me look out — do it as I bid you — open it wide. Turn in all the cattle you can find on the road. Do you hear me, Tony ? Drive them in from every side. Finnerty, I say, mind my words, for here he uttered a most awful 'and terrific oath—" as I linger on this side of the grave, I'll not leave him a blade of grass I can take from him'." His chest heaved with a convulsive spasm, his face became pale as death, his eyes fixed, he clutched ea gerly at the bed clothes, and then, with a horrible cry, he fell back upon the pillow, as a faint stream of ml blood trickled from his nostril, and ran down his chin. " It's all over now," whispered the doctor. " Is he dead ?' said Basset. The other made no reply ; but drawing the cur tains close, he turned away ; and they both moved noiselessly from the room. (To be continued.) 