TO THE EDITOR OF THE COUIilElt. Sib,-The Duke of Wellington called county meet- ings in England " a farce." If such a designation was rather overcharged in respect to such demonstrations in the Mother-country, it is at all events most appli- cable to our public meetings in Van Dicmen's Land. The late one was no exception ; it even went beyond the parce, by ending in a deliberate hoax. After the long report was read, the labour of some former preli- minary committee that had possibly no existence in reality, a number of names were arbitrarily put down for the embodiment of the central representative meet- ing. Many were never asked to join in the thing; others again, whose names were borrowed for the occa- sion, did not and never do intend to take the least part in the proceedings. There has never been n meeting since of "the Central," and perhaps never will; and as to " the Districts," the idea of establishing regular meetings is the most ludicrous of all. The secretary will be left alone in his glory. This he has possibly felt, or more properly those who pull the strings behind the show ; and so to giye to these airy nothings some- thing like a habitation and a name, it has been found essential to create an existence for them in a news- paper; for though, according to an old adage, "big words butter no parsnips," the propriety of which seems also to have struck the secretar}', for the report contains continual allusions to the necessity of having "a paid secretary, willi offices, §'c," yet can those who arc willing to purvey parsnips have their words and sentiments made as big as you please in the columns of a newspaper. I was amused at a specimen of this kind lately practised in the 'Tiser, where the secretary no doubt gave an important account of his own pro- ceedings at a meeting of about half a dozen persons at Bagdad, to congratulate His Excellency on his arrival in the colony, when two rival addresses were proposed for adoption. After much preliminary matter, his report went on to say that there ensued " loud cries of divide, divide." "A division then took place, when there appeared a large majority in favour"-of some foolery or other. So it will be with the meetings. The public care not one straw about them. The circle of their assumed influence will gradually dwindle away into nothing, even should they be for n time magnified by types into gross caricatures of truth. In the meantime, gentle- men, it is necessary before all things that the secretary should be paid. This is no bad moral in these times. He understands the quid, and sometimes the quod pro quo. The newspaper will keep the pot boiling at all events, and those who are behind it calculate upon its serving them at a pinch. " Fleetcre si nequco supcros Acheronta movebo" will be its motto. If it fail to move Sir Eardley, it will serve any ncfurious private purpose ; but people have grown too wise to be deluded any longer with that species of self-dubbed patriotism, which Dr. Johnson has not untruly called the last refuge of knaves. " The depression of* the times " has wrought this good at least, that it has taught people to view things in a proper light, and with their own eyes, un tinged by local or individual prejudice or political cant, too often raised up like dust in their faces to cloak flagitious and wicked cuds, just as, to use the metaphor of the Greek comedian, in reference to the arch agi tors of Athens, " the eel catchers stirred up the mud in order the better to secure their prey." I come now to the report of the meeting. »It is cer- tainly a very wordy document, divided and subdivided into various allotments too numerous to mention, as the auctioneers have it. The whole subject it embraces, and all the information it contains, might have been comprised within a column. Wa all know well enough that distress exists in this community; we also know, that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred we can trace that distress to our own imprudence or extravagance. Wo have speculated beyond our legitimate means ; wc have borrowed money to do this, and events turning out contrary to our expectations, wc endeavour to find excuses for our own faults or want of caution in extra- neous cirçumstunecs. The remedy for all this is in ourselves, and not in public meetings. Wc must every man endeavour rigidly lo contine his expenditure within his means f or if his debts exceed all hopes of recovery (there is no psc in blinking the question,) he must take the benefit of the Insolvent Act, instead of prolonging a struggle in which he will most probably lose at last both himself and friends. The question will then arise, what is be to do afterwards ? My answer is, there is no want of consideration in this community for distress ; and those who are abused the most, as bloodsuckers, usurers, and the like, by' some of the unprincipled "petty tyrants of the* field," who oppress [every poor man within their reach, are in the end the most liberal men to deal with in the colony. The mortgagees must become owners of the land, and tent it at'such a rate as is commensurate with the depression of the times. I shall possibly be asked, why does he not reduce his interest to that rate? It is because if he reduced his interest to-morrow, a further reduction would be required the next day, and, perhaps, a fresh supply would be demanded of the usurer in a short time after- wards ; besides which, what reduction of interest can save a man whose property is not only mortgaged to its full value, but whose name is steeped in bills in every bank in Hobart Town ? This is the case with a great many who cry out against the exorbitant rate of interest, but who, in reality, have never paid any interest at all of themselves or out of the fruits of their own industrial pursuits, but out of accommodation bills, which the banks have discounted. The banks have paid their interest. It would be invidious to particularise instances, but I may say, without fear of contradiction, that £60,000 or £70,000 in bills have been under discount by parties who had not ¿£5,000 of real property in tbe world. Could this system continue, or ought it to be allowed to continue ? No ; if must be rooted out from amongst us, and then money-if, indeed, what is amongst us buffer not woftilly in the crucible-will come down to its fair vulue and level, and be attainable by (he man of industry and the man of probity at the rato of five or six per cent. It was the demand created for money by speculative individuáis, and the facility with which it was met by the great influx of English capital, that made money dear to the hard- working and honest man ; so that those who cry out loudest against Vie high rate of interest have been mainly instrumental in raising it to its present standard. The mortgagee, when lie become« the landlord, has some certain guarantee for his rent. He may let the farm to whom he pleases, and 1 think it is hard if he prove not a better landlord than some of the models of that class which have been lately held up to public execration. There are a number of English mortgagees who must of necessity take the land, and their agents will then be empowered to let at such a rate ns is fairly commensurate with the times. Nor will the change be much to be regretted if it should bring out to this colony, to settle here, the friends and connexions of those parties who may import with thom from the I Mother-country soma principles of common honesty, which arc very nearly exploded in this colony, or, « hero tliey are not altogether extinct, are smothered uudcr neatu sellish feelings, or individual dislikes, or a pusil-1 lunimous desertion of the duties which man not only owes to his fellow-man but to his Creator. Such smooth-faced indifférence saps the foundation of public honesty more than the open attack of the unprincipled foe. Already there have returned to our shores several absentees, men of integrity and chnractcr ; but there is not one who does not lament that his circumstances do not permit him from leaving a land where there reigns so complete an anarchy and dissolution of nil those bonds by which society is kept together. But this is not their duty ; they must exert themselves indivi- dually in their sphere; they must not shrink from reprobating the flagrant examples of dishonesty daily cast up like no much noisome scum upon the surface of society ; they must discountenance, they must destroy them, despite all pitiful picas. I have thus glanced at the existing state of things in this colony. To patch it up and repair it, to keep the game alive for a time for a few desperate men, it is pro- posed that we should have a representative meeting in Hobart Town to dictate to the Governor what he is to do unf>n all occasions; to assume the reins of Govern- ment, in fact, and direct the helm of state. " Your committee" recommend the cultivation of hops and hemp by the probation parties. The last, indeed, might be useful ; but surely the colonists want no greater pre- mium upon the growth of hops than the fact that we are already obliged to import them, and that whatever ha? been grown here has been very fine, and has realised a very handsome price. 13ut supposing that the prisoners were employed at this occupation, and that it was suc- cessful ; presto ! *e cry would change, and immediately there would be an uproar amongst " the Central," that the Government were entering into competition with the settlers, and depriving them of their legitimate markets, some such as is now raised upon the growth of wheat by the probation parties. At one time, we hear that the farming operations of the probation parties are ludicrous, and that the idea of " a quill-driver" directing them is absurd. Surely not more absurd than the comments of a gin-spinner thereon. But if these ope- rations are so absurd, where is the reason to complain of the competition with the settler in the same breath? "Your committee" recommend a prohibition of brewing from sugar. Why not a maximum price upon barley and wheat at once ? What is the use of doing things by halves ? Why not a tax upon English beer? The market price of barley in England is about four shillings, with rates and taxes, but "your committee" must have seven or eight, otherwise the remedy is of no use. But how are you to keep out English beer or English malt? Tax them too? To support the scheme at all you must show me that barley is a certain and an abundant crop in this colony, and that it is extremely cheap. The reverse is the fact. Those who have got barley now will not sell it under six shillings, ¡\luke barley cheap and abundant and you will banish sugar. Otherwise your specifics will only end in creating additional disappointment, and depriving the colony of the profit accruing from the brewing trade from sugar by introducing English beer and English malt, and whether our money goes to the Isle of France or to England is of no consequence. " Your committee " recommend dispensing with foreign imports. So far so good ; but surely there is no need of n ghost to come from the tomb, like " the Central," to tell people that they ought to be economical. Such a recommendation necessarily presupposes pro- digality; yet would "your committee"'fire at sucha supposition ! Believe me, Sir, that frugality and industry are the two cardinal virtues for the saving of individuals and the colony ; and if the members of " the Central" would mind their own affairs, and not troußle themselves with other people's, they might apply the time thus wasted to some useful purpose. " The Central," however, is in reality the secretary and one or two other busy bodies. People went to the meeting as they would go to a show, fora piece of fun ; hut as to the respectable portion of the community they take no interest whatever in it, but laugh at it, and laugh at the speechmakcrs, well know- ing the hands ut work. The age of chivalry is, how- ever, fast fading away. The banks, those monsters of popular prejudice, do really expect bills to be paid. How unreasonable I Do, Sir Eardley, bring in a bill for the abolition of all pecuniary engagements. You may depend upon its being popular and having strong advocates in the Legislative Council itself. I shall return to this subject. In the meantime I subjoin an extract from Sam Slick. The blue noses of " the Central" may profit by it. " It beats cock fight in, I tell you, to hear the blue noses when they get together, talk polities. They have got three or four evil spirits, like the Irish Ban- shees, that they say cause all the mischief in the Pro- vince-the Council, the Banks, the House of Assembly, and the Lawyers. If a man places a higher valiation on himself than his neighbours do, a>id wants to be a magistrale before he is fit to carry the ink-horn for one, and finds himself safely delucred of a mistake, he says its all owin to the Council The members arc cunnin critters, top, they know this fecliu, and when they como home from Assembly, and people ax 'em, 'where are all them are fine things you promised us ?' Why, they say, we'd a had 'em all for you, but for that eternal Council, they nullified all we did. The country will come to no good till them chaps show their respect for it, by coverin their bottoms with homespun. If a man is so tarnation lazy he won't work, and in course has no money, why he says its all owing to the banks, they won't discount, there's no money, they've ruined the Province. If there bean't a road made up to every citizen's door, away back to the woods, (who as like as not has squatted there,) why he says the House of Assembly have voted all the money to pay great men's salaries, and there's nothin left for poor settlers, and cross roads. Well, the lawyers come in for their share of cake and ale too ; if they don't catch it, it's a pity." Your obddient servant, Civis. 