ENGLISH. In our number of tlie 29th December, we pave from the Courier, the account of the Queen's landing in France, and of the proceedingsof her first days* visit. We are now enabled by later arrivals to give a detailed account of the remainder of her visit, and of ibe festivities consequent on the meeting of perhaps the two greatest Sovereigns in Europe. The utmost attention seems to have been paid her Majesty, and the gallantry of the French nation had the more scope for its display, that its object was not only a Sovereign, but a woman. This too had collate) al advantages—it prevented any jealousy which might arise on points of etiquette between two Kings. Everything was of 'course conceded to a Queen:— SUNDAY AT EU, On her arrival her Majesty Quern Victoria oppeered in high spirits, and bowed with heraccusloinpd suavity 10 the troop-, by whom site was loudly cheered as she entered the cours i honneur. 'She was dressed in a straw bonnet, a black mantle, &C.; At the banquet she was splendidly dressed in a costume (of mmson velvet) similar to that in which she usually go the House of Peers; she also wore the riband of the garter. Eu was illuminated, after the Frency style, not certainly with variegated lamps, or brilliant stars ofgaslighl, but in a very efficient manner—by earthen pots, filled with grease and wicks of twisted flax. Altogether tha effect was good, and was increased by the tower of the church of the town beine lit up in a similar manner. So much for Saturday ; but on Sunday all was perfect quietude nt ihe chateau. We are not told that *Queen Victoria and IVince Albert accompanied the Queens of France and Belgium to the church of our Lady, and St. Lawence, of Dublin—(ihe dedication oT this church must have recalled to her Majesly the lights that old I'Uilama seni faith to the benighted Guul in days before oppression bud dimmed the torch of learning in Erin, which it neter could extii 311UI1)—hut neither are we assu'ed that she did nut. Louis Phillippe heard mass in the Royal chapel, nt which ihe Queen might, or might not, assist. The French papers say that llie day was spent in polilica. discussion. The correspondents of the English journals ob- serve, tlmi af:er dinner, und until they broke up for the niulit, the royal and distinguished personages who filled the grand snloon amused themselves with turning over albums and in conversa lion. All Sunday night the town was disturbed with the contnunl rins of bells allor.hed to the numerous draught horses who attended the King's purveyors to curry forth inio the woods the picnic parlies of the following day. rtlREST OF ACMAt E—TLTE OnAMPETRE. On Monday mornintr, before 5 o'clock every- 'body at Eu, and in its neighbourhood, was up and doing. At fix o'clock an English line ofbattle ship was seen off Treport, standing in for the Itnads, end other vessels were seen still further out. On ihe shingles were numerous grou|&o;! ljuthers. find amongst them were several members of the French royal family. The Duke d'Auumle, Duke of Wontpensier, and Prince de Joinville were seated on the beach smoking cigars, und hundreds v.vre promenading and enjoying the morning air. Iu the inarktt-place the crowd was increased by Ihe buyers and sellers of grain, poultry, fruit, and vegetables, and the incessant arrival and departure i>f carriages rendered it not particularly safe to be loitering about the narrow street* nnd passages in the immediate vicinity.— The " Cyne," the cafes, and aubcrges, were crammed—eating and drinking, packing up provisions, and making preparations for the trip to the forest, employed all hands and heads, and il was not lill one oY.lork in the day that ihe throng was dispersed, and ihe lilile vil/e d' Ea left to iis usual state of peace und solitude. This day the King hud determined 10 devote to a rural merrymaking iu the foresl, some eight miles Horn Eu, at the Mount D'Orleans. The road thither is exceedingly hilly, and, shortly ufier leaving the town, winds through a succession of woods, •which form the forest. Some of the views from points of the road are very maenifieent, commanding an extensive ranpe of undulating coun try covered wiih corn, und thickly studded with trees and forest scenery, but warning water and deficient in the spires and farm-houses by which such a landscape in England ivould be diveisified. In many place; nlong this road were assembled groups of peasantry and villagers to behold the royal cortege, and obtain an opportunity of forming their own notions of our gracious Queen Victoria, whose name lor ihe lust week has been uttered almost without intermission by thousands of voices. They were all gratified in their wishes, for the weather was fine, and ihe transit of the lloyal carriages at such an easy rate that all spectators could see well and at their leisure — Lemont d'Orleans is a email hill or elevation in the cemreof a larje part of ihe woods, on which the ground is cleared, and forms a small circular grass-pint, from which the eye commands a rural panoramic view of many miles in circumference. On one side of this spot was placed ihe royal marquee, a long narrow tent, llie front of which was open, and in which a long oblong table was laid for the guests, in a style of simplicity the very antithesis to the magnificence of the banquets at the Chateau. All wr-.s, however, in good style, and in good keeping with the sylvan scene. The spectators were permitted to approach as close to the place set apart for the roya.1 parly as could without inconvenience be granted, and orders wete issued to the authorities to afford accommodation and show courtesy to all. Two 6ne children, the Count de Paris (in mourning), and the Prince of Wurtemberg, grandsons of the King, came first with their tutor and gouvernanie, then a noble cavalcade of horsemen entered the grass plat. Amongst them were Prince Albert, Prinre Augustus of Saxe Coburg, the Prince de Joinville, the Dukes of Aumale and Montpcnsier, and many oiher persons of high rank, with their attendants, &c.; The whole weie in plain clothes. Prince Albert rode a splendid white -horse, and appeared in excellent health and spirits. This illustrious group ofhorsemen had scarcely dismounted when the approach of (lie royal carriages was announced by the shouts and hurrahs of the spectators, who lined the road, or cut through the forest, called La Route Clementine, by which the cortege entered the enclosure. The • cortege consisted of six carriages, char-a-lanc, four drawn by six horses each, and two by four horses each. Our Queen now wore o plain silk dress, with a black pelerine, and •yellow drawn-silk bonnet. On alighting bis Majc-sly Louis Phillipe handed our gracious Sovereign to her chair on his right-hand, aud next to her Majesly sat the Queen of the French. On the left of Louis Phillippe sat the Duchess of Orleans, the Queen of the Belgians, The rest of the guests were seated on the right and left of the King, according to their respective ranks; but there did not seem to be much appearance of studied etiquette, the gentlemen wearing their hats during the dijeuner, and the whole having more the appearance of an actuate champetre, than a repast of -elate, ai which so many exalted personages assisted. The band of the Carbiniers played during this time " God Save ihe Queen," and subsequently some concerted music from popular overtures. The royal parly did not continue at the table much more than twenty minutes, and during this time appeared to enjoy themselves with the good feeling and familiarity of old acquaintance. Ilet Majesty the Queen was in excellent health and spirits, and listened with apparent pleasure to Ihe cunversaiion of the King of the French, who, ifflppearances are to be relied upon, certainly took gr€at pains to make himself agreeable, and with no want of complete success. The dejeuner being finished, the royal party promenaled round the grass-plat, Queen Victoria supported on the arm of his Majesly, the rest of ibe Queens and Princes followed them in pairs. The Queen or England entered tlie small tent appropriated to the Count de Paris and the S Prince of Wurtemberg, and conversed with them 1 for e few minutes, patting ibem on the head, and enjoying their good humour and childish delight. . All this lime the band was playing " God save the Queen," and the spectators who were close to the royal party hutzaitig and waving their hats, which loyal demonstrations their Majesties returned with tlieir usual condescension and kind- ness Soon after four the whole party were again iu their carriages and on horseback, and returned amidst thecheering of the assembly to the Chateau d'Eu. The Duchess of Orleans, who has on this occasion appeared in public for the first time since her bereavement, was an object of deep interest. Il appears that the Queen's kind and endearing reception of the Count de Paris (and the other grand children of his Majesty the King of the French) made such an impression on the Duchess of Oileans, that sbe broke through her resolve to remain secluded for yet some time, and she joined the gipsying party. The King appeared very happy. At first meeting the Queen, however, he gave a specimen of his frankness which very much alarmed the Jacks who »ere witnesses of it, and who began to think of cutlasses and handspikes, and coming to the " rescue." The moment the King set foot on deck he took her Majesty in his arms, saluted heron each cheek, and without wailing an instant for recovery from the surprise, descended into his barge with his precious burden. This produced the first laugh, and it was reproduced almost every moment afterwards. Everything was so new, and so gay, that her Majesty was said to find amusement in everything that pressed around her. While the royal party were in the green wood, a very elegant dinner was given by the Captain of the Plulon, French war steamer, to the British naval officers and tlit French officers of the land and sea service present at Treport. The best feeling prevailed on both sides Monday evening closed wiih a concert, whirl) was marked by a rare incident. After the performances were concluded, the performers prepared to retire. Ttie King, however, sent by an aide-de-camp an invitation to remain, which was of course accepted, and then they spent the evening in <-o opuny with the illustrious residents and visitors of llie Chateau. This royal coiiq liment to native talent will not, we hope, be losi on our Queen. VISIT TO TnF. BRITISH SQUADRON 1!L0WN OFF. On Tuesday morning, Admiral Rowley, and the Prince de Joinville, left ihe Cliuleau very early for Trepori. The wind blew fresh from llie north, however, and caused so much sea, that, the intended visit was postponed. A REVIEW, At six o'clock the Carabiniers rode to an extensive valley, about four miles from Eu, nnd a ( seven, Prince Albert, the Dules of Aumale and Moiilpenzier, Prince Augustus, ell the French Generals at Eu, and their staff, Colonel Wilde, &c;, came on the ground, and reviewed tins corps, which went through a variety of manoeu- .. „.:.i, .i, • • i -J- "r i , , • ^^r^r^S^s. fine body of men, a,,dare mourned o„ excelle„,lK)rsts. Their accoutrements Wass cuirasses, and hra?en he,n.els are very splendid, H™,fl' 1 p - h t " r ;r f apP T r " l,CL ; is grand and warlike. Prince A ben was dressed in the costume 01 an Enelish Freld-Mur-lmll, and rode a very heautifulwhite charger. The Liher Princes and Generals wore their national unilorms The Princes afterwards reviewed an Inf.ntry Regiment in the Caserne de Montpensier, and then returned lo .he Chateau. ' In .he course of the day the Queen of England, Prince Alberl, -he Queen*or Franceand Belgium the Duchess of Orleans, und the Princess Add laide, visited and inspected the church of our Lady, and St. Lawrence of Dublin. The Queen ol England leaned on Ihe arm of the King of the French, and the Queen of the French upon that of Prii.ce Albert. Her Majesty wore I tarlau dress, with black manilc- and white silk bonnet; the King was in plain clothes, .he Princes in ,m,jli. The Duchess of Orleans appeared, on entering the church.to be affected by some sudden recollection, and was about to tetire, when-.he Queen of the Belgians, taking her by the hand, led her towards ihe great altar Her Royal High! ness, the Queen of ihe French, and the Queen of the Belgians, then kneeled, and continued for a short time in prayer, on rising from which il was apparent that the Duchess of Orleans had shed tears. The whole of the Royal party then walked round the church, examining the various curiosities, &c;„ and afterwards descended into the crypt, in which lire monuments of the Counls D'Armis are placed. The crypt was lit by candles, so that everything it contained was easily to be inspect. Her Majesty Queen Victoria appeared very much interested in what she saw, and his Majesty Louis Pliilinne, in his explanations, acted as an experienced antiquary, evidently pleased in answering the questions pm The'ltoyal party retired from the church in the same privacy with which tlicy-entered it, and proceeded on foot through a doorway leading into the northern lower court of the chateau, which is close to the entrance of the church, A S0L 0 > On Tuesday night there was again a concert, at which a solo on the horn caused more boisterous mirth than ever broke from Royalty before. The rest of the performances were excellent, and the performers were again invited to join the Royal party after the concert. A PRESET- ,, ',.' , The Queen was prerc.ited by the King with the Death of Calydon," and the " Death of Meleager,' superb pieces of tapestry, and with a roffre service of bevres China, lepresenting the THE foitEST I.VCOKE. On Wednesday a drive through the forest to 1 St. Katherine's, and a " luncheon" under a marquee, was llie business of the day, but all conoucied witft as uiutii freedom as if a lady of rank had visited a noble relation nt his country seat; dosedThe e evenine ,a,t,eS,d e • • y A COm,idy s ' I FAREWELL TO FRANCE. I On Thursday, at half.past seven o'clock, her Majesty eft the chateau. About eight the Royal reached Brighton at twenty minutes past three ARRIVAL OF TUE QUEEN AT BRIGHTON. On Thursday, at seven o'clock, crowded steamreturned, those v««»u vessels, „.;,!. wiih ,i,« ihe Caledonia, n„ioj__:„ n Cara- = ets left Brighton for the open sea;"at "eight""",h"e Warspite saluted the S. P Vincent, which belng ! , perdown, and Formidable, stood out lo sea as her Majesty's convoy. The town was early in the bustle of preparation. Hie chain pier was kept by the directors for a few chosen parties, and the Queen with her escort, in order that the royal landing might not be incommoded. The royal yoehl was ihe first to appear, at a distance of five miles. Salutes were 6red, and a martial air was played, and in half an hoar nioretbe yacht reached the road, and at half- past three 4he royal barge brought to Ihe Pier the Queen, Prince Albert, the Prince de Joinville, and their distinguished attendants. The Queen objected to the platform prepared for her landing, which was removed, and she waved her hand to Ihe boats that thronged incautiously and irreverently upon her, as a sign of command, in obedience to which Ihey ail at once withdrew to a more respectful distanoe. The scene was most striking from ihe crowds on shores, and on the water the bathing-women rushed into the sea to welcome her Majesly ere she could touch the shore. The Queen, between Ihe Princes, walked to her carriage, and then drove to the Pavilion. ASOTOEK TRIP. Her Majesly will, it 4a said, sail for Ostend on aturday. ROYAL MEETINGS.—-The meeting If Richard Cceur de Lion with Philip Augustus., irevious to their joint crusade, that of John wii Philip, a Orleans, that of Edward IV. with Lo is XI., in 1475, that of Henry VIII. and Frant s I., at the Field of the Cloth of Gold, and tlx meeting of Queen Vie.tnriu with Louis Philippe Such are thefriendly meetings T-htcli history! us recorded between the Kings of France and Et ;land. AT EU AKD TnnpojtT.—There ar two anecdotes not recorded in (he English p pers, which we think it well to translate from ill <e of Paris. Both concern the Prigcede Joinville He issaid lo have expressed lo the captain ai 1 officers or the French steamer N ipoleon, his wi mesl thanks for having led the (let of England < i its way to France, and at such i rate, that even 'or the swift sailing royal yacht hi was frequent! obliged to lay lo and remain half-speed 1 Ou Sunday morning the Prince i las walking on he jetty, at Treport," with his" wife' under his irm," when an old sailor ran up o him, and pre: mted a petition. The Princessjtonkherhusban I's portfolio, and inscribed in it the name of th< lucky peti- tioner, who expressed his thanks vrit an energy, and in a phrase sudi lis probably never before saluted itoyal ears, and which we hall not repeat. The Princess appeared to understand the tar, however; for putiuing her w>lk, she was to struggle in van to suppress a burst of laughter,in which theTrince joined heartily. The attention of the King to the uinulcst feature in the arrangements, is remarked in all quarters. At one ponl he saw a decoration, consisting of the flags of England ,hnd France, combined ; and, perciving that the French was the longer, he, with lis own hands, tore off the end, so as to admit io seclion of an inferred superiority even in suh a trifle. THE QUEEN' AND lie DUKE.—Al Soulhamp ton, when the Queer was about to embark, a little lime was lost ii preparation, end ihe party in attendance were exposed to drizzling rain, a sort of Scotch mist. Capiain Lamprey ami tli Duke of Wellington stood close to the Royal carriage, and the Q^en chatted with his Groce familiarly, first insiiing that the Duke should uei into her carriageout of the rain; his Grace replied, " ]| was no'iinc; il would not hurl him; it was' his duty tn i-leud her and ihe raiu gave variety to the Jandsape." l]er Majesly laugh ingly inquired wlitlhe Duke did not up the umbrella he held iniis hand. In reply to which llie Duke pointed ttihe thick cloth of his surtout. Had a stranger wciessed the scene and not known the parties,^ would have imagined he beheld a loud fathennd an affectinnate daughter laughingly chatting together.— SPIKING THE Gws.—At Plymouth, on Tuesday, twenty-one tans intended for the royal salute were spikec'iy some mischievous persons Willi a coil of wire. Happily the gunners discovered the villany lefore the town had incurred the charge of dlstyalty from the want of the saluting honour. DREADFUL ACCIDENT.—When the Queen's yacht was pa«sin: Lyme Itegis a general rush was "'as mnde lo the ladslip, and tmong the llie crowd ™ J ^ R ; N L " R O F f "re ( J ^ ^ (ld(;ni : mttk„ for lheC:f witl/ |eat j sl /d Qnd ,hl unforlu B „Me (eml^ian was io ndep.l.faoo fee, mJ killed on the ., „. i i ;....„ i . u . i - i i ^ ' f j ''Y^f.S ? f T , i * ™ L ' ' B "l cl n e " , ' E ^ " " V " r ^ —t-u is chiefly emarkuble on account of us ^nl'^'l"?';;,. 1 0 / 1 ^ ^ "" V .f" n'" T p„°' ^ Ih e . d " U Bj' ( \ a . nd ,elress f . "j* ^JeS,y Spe , ndi llere ' n - re , J re " h. L If l t . 1 1 , s , B lo " ' ° "V f , s , ur 7 u "M'l by high tent T . u l ? / l, f . J '"? / T"^' f , Z T < " rrAn V; ,ml Z ^n'J", ^: ' * o L ' jrr a ' Ile . ^ „h 1 w L f ? T 1 " ' S'• 1 , a d be ' ( « d Iu ,™ " ,e ^ ' " " T ' J 1 » T ,' S ,l ' e Qe^> J B r n ' 1 «' e j*. Louis XI. i' 47 ,?],' P" « >'>e treaeher/of the Lomte de t 0 „ V- hl b e f TS, 1,,i ! ™ 6n,ed L ^ (llt! [ , " C ; , UP ,h ' , Wal, 5 S„ C l " h f d . W i - 3 f 0eC "°l of and ,'"'1 P iT l n c l u d Uo ":? ? ? f llo >' tt ' T'' . < » J l " f " ,e ^ u n ' ° f S ! nure " f o f l '' 0 0 \ Ma n of lllem .y ° 1,'- f -e ™ 0re fu ™ ,h,e Q'T^ ^ ,be ' . V ln,eres ""t' formation and lll<! ° ,0 g ', ven "*}? ll,e ° „,„ T eS '" " S reS , e " bleS ln "" alu,e , „ ,' Wers to be no other arrange- I J r.' , ' ng cer,ai ' " umber Z<Z\ Ia IT"'" S p * eS '' " u IV I f d ' m e r m , and lie " ' L ^ f T f '' em,rom ! he l0 P 10 W,lh i x IT' 1 ' ", e p0rl pf Ku ' , . ' lei T' ;i ' l s a fislln »' vlll a £ eof 2,265 ? , ""^f'- hi '" 1s old tl ! urch , . i,h 0 fine SF J"|ius CMM ?P ° S >C uUcrlor l' orl " s II^M'T,,?'," ™ e K , m <>/ I W E R . - ,, H J ff • T* , welotned 10 L i'^and ° n i 2 "? f« his leaveon the 2nd Septem- ° clock », s domestics were a "erabled at ha Green, aid ihe King blessed tnem, and badeiliem adieu, llis Majesly came lo St. James? alien and befae noon departed on board the Uon: packet for Ilamburg. Espartcrp visited the Castle and Park at ^ indsor, Virtima Water, Sc., on Tuesday, -di/sli/ifl Gazette nates that Espartero ''f 5 demanded, through tie English Charge d'Affaires at llnnburg, wlinher, in the event of '" s wls,lln S;* 0 there, Iu would be permitted to reside. The reply of tie Senate (adds the Gazette) is'i not known, bul there is little doubt permission (Worfd be grantee LANDLOW. AND TENANT BILL—Observations nddr ^rl u„,n„ „ . , littrli, n »cnt during the late session a bill on i ®f V'",'^ m P ort , ant t0 , tl,e i^rests . W classes to whom these observatlons ai e i a d(]ressed, I deem it my duty to c a " tlieirj sewus attention to the objects and pronso«s of the measure I proposed, beCaU S . e , has only teen J the pref' lt . w,tlldf a«n, on the pronise of the First Mtmster pf ,lle Crown tint the subject should daring the recess rtceive the consideration iof ihe Government, with a view °V®? dlo fl tenant in Ireland. It is asked, why istlais law required for Ireland more than|England and Scotland ? I an- t e ^ S f e h = P r a is ^ J ^ scotlan " u f T ^nglanr] or ocoiiana. the practice is, lhat lands are let at their value, without any buildings or other improvements being made or allowed for by the landlords. Leases of considerable duration were formerly given, but these leases have expired, or are approaching to their termination. Leases are either refused, or very short leases are granted; and in many cases the ancient tenants are ejected. No matter how valuable a tenant's improvementi have been, lie has no legal right to compensation, and in many parts of Ireland Jiis equitable right is not respected by the landlord. The Irish tenant has generally no capital, and has no means of employment or existence except that derived from the occupation of the soil. Those who were possessed of capital have expended it on the premises, in buildings or other necessary improvements. The tenant has, therefore, no power to make a bargain; he is not a free agent; he must submit to extortion, or else relinquish all that lie is possessed of and become a wandering beggar. Under such circumstances he is entitled tp a legal protectiop, which is not required in oilier parts of the United Kingdom. There are only three modes ©Hetting by which a tenant can have any justice :— i. Lettiag, with the buildings and permanent improvements of the soil made, or agreed to be made, at the landlord's cost, and for such tennre as will cover a sufficient number of rotations to repay the tenant's ordinary expenditure. 2. Letting, with a power to the tenant to claim compensation for buildings or other improvements, and unremunerated expenditure. 3. Letting in fee, or for some term substantially equivalent to a perpetual tenure. If one or other of the two first plans be not adopted the latter becomes indispensable to a just relation of landlord and tenant. To obviate the injustice of the present state of the relationship of landlord and tenant in Ireland, my bill proposes to adopt the second plan; viz., giving the tenant power to claim compensation, in case of ejectment, for unremunerated expenditure in valuable and permanent improvements; and to give the whole existing occuping tenantry of Ireland a lien on the lauds in their respective occupations, to the extent of the value of such improvements, of whatever description, which produce an actual increase of the value of the premises. I conceive, that by the piovisions I have introduced, the landlords' interesls ivould becompletely guarded against any demand for money laid out which had been improbably expended; and in order to prove my sincerity in that statement, I take this public mode of declaring, that I hold myself bound by all the piovisions of this bill, in my transactions with my own tenants, whether it passes into a law or not. It is said, and perhaps with some truth, that the Irish tenant is indolent as respects (he management of his own concerns, but lie is not indolent in his exertions to make money by his labour on the English soil. Why is he indolent at home? Because lie is heart-broken, he is oppressed, he has no security that he shall reap the reward of his industry on his own soil: give him that security and you will give him a stimulus, which will show itself in the rapid improvement of the habits of the tenant, and the prosperity of the conntry. I should particularly wish to call the attention of the landlords to this subject. It is one which cannot be blinked. Tlie Government are pledged to its consideration ; and the progress of agricultural improvement in Ireland must stand still till this important question be first settted in some manner satisfactory to the just wants and claims of the agiicullural population.— WM. SHAUMMJ CHAWVOIID.—Crawfoids- REPEAL AXI> THE AMIY.—The following letter is quoted in the Irish papers:— "Montrose, August 12th, 1843. Sir—I am directed by tlie sergeants of the 43rd Light luiantry, to request you will, on receipt of this, discontinue forwarding the Dublin Tillillin Weekly WfitthUt Register Wrnictnf to tn the tlio sergeant's damaqnl'. ! mess, we having determined, during llie 1 present state of affairs in Ireland, not to admit papers of such politics as your journal advocates into our mess-room. You will have received the amount of the year's subscription ere this reaches you.—Your obedient servant, SIMON HOLMAIC, Colour- , Sergeant of the 43rd Light Inlantry, Presi- dent Sergeant's Mess.— His Holiness the l J opc is in the thirteenth year of liis pontificate, and on the 18th instant will have reached the seventy-eighth year of his age- The oldest of the Princes of the Church,: is Cardinal Bassi, now in his eighty eighth j year; the youngest is Cardinal Swartzen- ] berg, aged tliirty-four. Tlie dean of the j sacred coilegc is Cardinal Pacca, who was promote.i to this dignity in 1801, {ibid) and who within the last four months pronounced in the capital of the Christian world, a discourse which was eagerly listened to by the most exalted audience that modern Rome has seen assembled. Its subject was the Slale of Catholicism in Europe; and although llis truiy venerable En.inence relused his consent to its publica- j tion at the lime, it was prinied in the Univers of Saturday and Sunday last, and we may hope again to call to it the atten- ion of our readers. To return to the sacred college, 51 of its members have died since the 2d of Feb- 1 tuary 1831, when the sovereign pontiff, ascended bis throne. There are in the Catholic Church, 8 patriarchs, 102 archbishops, and 490 bishops; besides 81 episcopal sees, now vacant or filled by bishops suffragan. These numerous vacancies are owing to the state of religion in Spain, Portugal, Russia and Poland. The Propaganda has under its special direction vicars apostolic in Afirica, 13; in America, 15; in China, 15; in the East Indies, 9; in the Indian Ocean, and in other parts of India, 3; in Germany, 3; in Turkey, 7; at Gibraltar, 1; in Greece, 1; in Sweeden, 1 ; in Holland, 5; and in England and Scotland, 12. The Holy See is represented nt foreign courts by U nuncios, internuncios, and charge d'affaires. The ports of Lisbon and Madrid are unoccupied. It is reported that the Duke de Bordeaux intends shortly paying a visit to London. It is said that the young Prince, who studies indelatigably, wishes to visit England, in order to ascertain the source of the naval superiority of this country; and it is said that his family press him to execute this project, which will save him from witnessing a painful event which is shortly expected to occur- The Duke d'Angouleme is dange- rously ill. Mr. Bernard Gregory, of the Satirist, who had been hiding under the appellation of Mr. King, at Southend, was arrested there on Monday, and hold to bail to answer several judgments in llie Court of Queen's Bench, laid out against him by the Duke or Brunswick, and Mr. Vallancc, his attorney. _ Already, about twelve thousand operatives in Ashton, have abandoned their employment ; every mill in that town having turned out, with one exception 1 And it is expected that the strike will spread, now that it has commenced, with even greater rapidity than it did last year. The colliers, it is said, ate on the eve of a general strike all over the kingdom. What horrors we may have to witness before this new Movement of the Desperate be ended, no one can foretell; but we do believe that, if the strike become a national one, as is contemplated, the results will be far more serious than they were at the corresponding season of the last year,— An artiz&n; of Paris hat proposed to the Prefect of the Seine a plan for destroying the rats by which that capital is infested. Their numbers are calculated at 2,500,000, and the expense of their maintenance, at the public expense, is 12,500 francs a day. One rat-killer says he will annihilate at a rate of fifteen cents, a head. THE STORM.—Almost all the coantry papers allude to the severe storm of Wednesday week, (August 19), which appears to have been felt in almost every quarter of the country. The electric discharges were frequent and vivid, In many parts of the country the fall of rain was frequent and heavy. Serious losses have been sustained by the holders of property in the Bedford level. In the fens alone upwards of 2,000 acres of the hay crop, of the value of at least £10,000 has been totally destroyed, and the pasturage of 1,000 head of cattle is entirely inundated. The consequence of this sad disaster is, that about 1,000 persons, men, women, and children, have been thrown out of employment. On Wednesday last (eight days after the former storm), the thunder and lightning returned, accompanied with tremendous floods of rain. Bright sunshine afterwards broke oat followed by a lighi fog- as thick as those of December, but dewy and genial, which continued (o noon on Thursday. The estimated damage done to property in the towns of Rochester, Chatham, Stroud, and Brompton, during the short duration of the awful thunder-storm was about £6,000. O'COSNELL,—Daniel O'Connell was born on the 6th of August, 1775, at Carhen, near Caherciveen, in the barony of Iveragh, and county of Kerry. (The very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and commcnce that bloody struggle by which they established their national independence) His father was Morgan O'Connell, of Car- hen, Esq., who was married to Catherine, daughter of John O'Mullane, of Whitechurch, in the county of Cork, Esq. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donoghucs, (dhuv),^or the black chief of their tribe._ Mr. O'Connell was educated on the Continent, partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omers, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain, he had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, " when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College waB not prepared to receive him." Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, lie was dulv admitted to the Irish Bar, in EasterTerm,"l796. Mr. O'Connell married, on tlie 3rd of Juue, 1802, his relative Mary, daughter of Edward O'Connell, M. D., of Tralee; he succeeded his father in 1809; and in 1825, by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, Esq., succeeded to the family estate of Derrinatie. The O'Connell family are pioverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knt. of the Cross ot the Order of the Holy Ghost and Colonel of the late 6th regiment of the Irish Brigade, in the British service was uncle to the Liberator; lie died on the' 9th of July, 1833\. at Meudon, near Blois, in France • he was the youngest of twenty-two cbiHreti by one marriage, of ivhom over one-half lived to the age of 92, at which age this venerable patiiot died ; he was born in August, 1734, at Derrinatie, the residence of his lather, Daniel O'Connell, Esq. FATE OF DUCROW'S HOUSES.—The company ol equestrians under llie management of Signor Hillier, who succeeded to the management of the company on the death of the late Mr. Ducrow, after having performed in the various towns of England, Ireland, and Scotland, were induced lately to visit Hambuig for a professional experiment. Alter a weeks' stay, during which time their performances were very miserably attended, the director has been compelled to announce for sale the stud of horses, dresses, property. See., lo satisfy his creditors, and return with his company to England. TIIE ENGLISH OAK.—From one of the old trees in Sherborne Paik, near the castle of Earl Digby, a single limb has lately dropi ped, which, on admeasurement, was found , to contain upwards of five tons of sound I timber. Though thus shorn of so great a 1 limb, the loss is scarcely to be noticed, and the fine oid oak slill remains in its towering pride and beauty.— I MAKUIAGES IK LANCASHIRE. From a j parliamentary repott it appears that not | quite one-fifth of the parties marrying in 1841, in this county, were under age ; and that more than half the persons married in \ this county in that year signed by marks, as j being unable to write their names. Of these the markswomen were nearly twice as nu- | merous as the marksmen. There is great j need for the writing-master in this county. Preston Chronicle. RETURN OF THE SOUTH SEA EXPEDITION. —Captain Sir John Ross has just returned from his voyage of exploration to the South Seas. He transacted bueiaeM at the ADmi. ralty on Tuesday, having run up to town leaving his ship at Portsmouth. The gallant sailor was in excellent health and spirits, and expressed the greatest satisfaction at the result ol his voyage. A LONG SHEET OF PAPER —Mr. Limbird, of the Strand, has a sheet of paper four feet seven inches wide, 600 yards long, and weighs 137lbs. It is of fine texture, and has been made expressly (or the purpose of tak ing impressions of monumental brasses. Tablet. TITRN-OUT OF SEAMEN AT LIVERPOOL.— The sailors who have turned out in consequence of the low wages, or rather of the deductions from their nominal wages made by the shipowners, met at the Queen's Theatre on Friday evening, discussed their grievances, passed resolutions,' and separated peaceably. ACCIDENT AT THE ROYAL EXCHANGE.— One of the men engaged in sculpturing the slab under the balustrade surmounting the top and in front of the Exchange lost his balance, and fell, head-foremost, to the bottom, where he was found iu a mangled state. The sufferer was immediately removed to the hospital, where, it is said, he expired shortly after his admission. EXECUTION AT CIIESTEH —Jas. Ratcliffe, who was convicted before Mr. Baron Rolfe, at the late Chester assizes, of the wilful murder ol his wife, Elizabeth Ratcliffe, at Stockport, underwent the extreme sentence of the law in front of the city gaol of Chester, at twelve o'clock, on Saturday.— CRIME IN STATFORDBIHRE*-During ihe sis days ending August 5, no lets than 129 prisoners were lodged in the Stafford county prison.— At Maiden, between Ewelland Kangston, Essex, at three o'clock in the morning, a horrible explosion (hook the place a'nd startled the villagers, who found that this violent commotion had been caused by the blowing up of two powder mills, which are situate at one extremity of the village. Upon the scene being visited, nothing but a ruinous heap of the mills, of which there were oply two, remained; everything contained in them bad been utterly destroyed, but, most providentially, no lives were lost' Tablet. On Wednesday morning, as early as three o'clock, the inmates of the Bermondsey workhouse were thrown into a state of the utmost consternation by a roost terrific explosion, which proceeded from that portion of the premises in which the registrar'sofHce is situated, which shook the whole building. The alarm was increased by the loud crashing of windows and falling of glass which immediately followed. It appears that two men had been examining a defect in the gas piping. One ol them, having procured a candle, was in the act of ascending a ladder to examine a branch pipe which led into the registrar's office, and when he had reached to within a few inches of the ceiling an explosion suddenly took place, knocking him backwards off the ladder into the centre of the room, which was immediately filled with dust and mortar. As soon as the confusion had somewhat subsided, the room. presented a most ruinous appearance, the whole of the large dome window being shivered to atoms, and two fanlights destroyed. A considerable quantity of the plaster of the cciling and walls was torn away; several articles of furniture in the room totally demolished, and the pannclling of the door leading to the committee-room burst through. On further examination it was found that the ceiling and walls of the passage adjoining were also torn away, and ihe windows forced out. The lead on the roof was ripped up to the extent of several feet, and the coping stones of tlie cornice displaced. No person, with the exception of the man who held the candle and who was thrown from the ladder on the explosion, by which he received some contusion, was injured. At the time of the occutrence taking place, the committee-room adjoining was filled with aged out-door paupers, in attendance to receive their weekly relief, who rushed into the open air with the greatest alacrity.— POSSESSED WITH A DEMON.—A curious instance of the murderous monomania, or horrible propensity of blood-shedding, has occurred at Derby, where a poor lad, of about seventeen years of age, lately teacher in a school at Leicester, and whose name is Growcock, gave himself in the middle of the night to the 25ih ult. to a constable of Derby, declaring lhat lie trepanned a poor factory girl o! Borrowash, who had been gleaning, and was out of employment, to follow him, under a pretence that she could be engaged to work in the mill at Derby, of which he was overlooker. He had no other motive than that of effecting her murder, and that he accomplished by stopping her mouth with a slocking, and then beating her on the head with a hammer. Tlie place was a secluded lane, neiir Evasion, the time after midnight, and his victim was in a sound sleep when he commenced the attack, as he had led her a weary way, and she was travel-toiled and foot-sore, and had lain down to rest. She awoke during the commission of the deed, and exclaimed " Oh, man, don't kill mi.' ESCAPE OF THE DUKE AND DUCIIESS OF' NEMOORS.—The perils to which the royal family of France have been lately exposed by startled horses are remarkably numerous and coincident While the King and Queen were at Eu, and so narrowly escaped from extreme danger at Treport, the Duke and Duchess of Nemours were at Plouveveze, between Guingamp and Morlaix. One of the horses belonging to his Royal Highness's carriage having been frightened at the colours of the National Guard, plunged, and became entangled in the traces. An attendant, however, instantly lifted the Duchess de Nemours fiom the carriage, whilst the Duke, with the most admirable presence of mind, assislel in disengaging the restive horse. In about three quarters of an hour the august travellers were enabled to continue their journey. CABAUSTJCS.—The Courrier Francois publishes the following remarks:—" The cabalistic number, 13, is connected in a singular manner with tlie life of' Louis Philippe, the King of the French. He was born in 1773, he emigrated in 1793. His emigration finished in 1813. He is at present in the 13th year of his reign. In thirteen years tlie Count de Paris will be of age. The King has thirteen palaces—Tuilleries, the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Elysees, Bourbon, Neuiliy, St. Cloud, Meudon, Versailles, Compiegne, Fontainebleau, Eu, Pau, and Rainy. The civil list amounts to 13,000,000f. On the 13th of >>>» nuU. »f o.iune died; The King has thirteen childien and grandchildren. His life has been thirteen times in danger since 1830. In fine, the King has seen thirteen governments establihed in France, including his own." FRENCH FEAII OF ENGLAND AND RUSSIA. —"There are in Europe, at present, two powers which menace all others, and it is remarkable that they alone seek to increase their forces and amplify their resources, while all the others that may be attacked remain inactive. Thus Russia, by what is now going on in Servia, in Greece, in Moldavia, Wallachia, and Turkey, exercises an influence which is not short of domination. By its alliance with Denmark it aims at establishinging itself at the entrance of the Baltic, in the same position that it has done, by its treaties with the Sultan, at the entrance of the Bosphorus. After having incorporated Poland, it hastens to finish the conquest of the Caucasus. England marches towards it, and with the same ardour. In Syria, Iudia, and China, she extends her commercial relations, OT consolidates her power. Now, we ask, why it is that all the efforts thus openly made by Russia and England to diminish the rest of Europe meet nowhere a serious resistance ? How is it that neither France, Prussia, or Austria seek neither separately or together to break tlie chain which is being drawn round them?— Siecle. Hampshire Ad- terfiser. burn, August, 28, 1843. The Editor of the . Dublin Weekly Register." I —Almanack of ihe Holy : See. | Leeds Titles, f Limerick .Re- porter. Sherborne and Yeovil Mercury Tablet, Aug. 19. Worcestershire-Guardian. Ibid. The ? 