LITERATURE. Peregrine Pulteney ; or, Life in India. Second Notice. The liveliness and originality of the sketches of Indian life contained in this publication, induce us to make some fur- ther extracts for the information and en- entertainment of our readers. The entire work is well worthy of the perusal of such persons as are about to visit India for the first time, as it gives them an insight into the character and manners of the people with whom they are about to as- sociate. CONVERSATION AND MANNERS IN CALCUTTA. " Of all places I ever visited, Calcut- ta is the most scandalous. In other parts of the world they talk about things, here they talk shout people The conversa- tion is personal, and; as such, you may be sure tolerably abusive.' But what I asked Peregrine, ' do the people find to say about one another ?' 'Oh' returned Miss Poggleton; 'the veriest trifles in the world. Nothing is so insignificant as the staple of Calcutta conversation. What Mr. This said to Miss That, and what Miss That did to Mr. This and then all the interminable gossip about marriages, and no- marriages, and will be marriages, and ought to be marriages—and gentle- men's attention, and ladies' flirtings, dresses re-unions, and the last burra- khana.--' Pictures, taste, Shakspeare, and the musical classes,' suggested Pere- grine, with a smile. _ 'Oh! dear no, no- thing half good as that,' returned Julia Poggleton ; ' the only Shakspeare known in Calcutta, is a high civilian of that name -a Sudder judge, or something of the sort. As for taste, I'm afraid there is none in Calcutta ; and the only pictures we know anything about, are annual prints and out portraits, which we sometimes send to Europe to show our friends what kind of an animal an old Indian is. Nobody can more thoroughly deplore the sad waste of time that cha- racterises me in India, and yet I am as wasteful myself as anybody—write as many chits and do as little.' 'And what of chit-writing ? ' asked Peregrine. ' It is a habit , returned Miss Poggleton, 'we all get into— we women worse than you men. I have a friend who declares that she very often fires off five-and- twenty in a day. Why you see, we can- not be running backwards and forwards from house to house as intimate neigh- bours do in England, neither can we send verbal messages, so we fire of these little scraps of paper, rough, unsealed, often quite open— that we should be ashamed of sending in England— our messengers cannot read them, you know, so we do not care how open they are.' " CALCUTTA ETIQUETTE.— A LADY'S BLUNDER. '' A few nights after I arrived here, I was at a ball at the Town Hall, And there was a Mr. Darlington there — a civilian — whom I had met very often in England, as he was saying during Christmas time, at my grandmamma Poggleton's and so of course we got very intimate. He is a very nice man, but I must tell you, Pere- grine, that I should as soon think of marrying the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Pope of Rome, as I should him ; and whilst he was sitting beside me, between the quadrilles, I saw a young ensign of a king's regiment, who had come out in the ship with me, and whom I particu- larly disliked, making his way towards me to ask, for the third time at asking, whether I was still engaged for so many dances. I was not engaged for more than two, and seeing my dilemma, I said to Mr. Darlington, ' Pray let me say I'm engaged to you for the third,' and will you believe it, he quite stared at me. I asked him what was the matter, and he said he thought he had danced with me once. 'Oh!' said I somewhat offended, and once is enough — is it ? Upon which he smiled, and said that he supposed I was not initiated into the mysteries of Calcutta etiquette ; for that no lady ever danced with a gentleman more than once in the course of the evening, unless he was going to be married to her. I look- ed very foolish of course, but never made such a blunder again, and was condemned to dance with the ensign." MORNING VISITORS, " Morning visitors in India are really morning visitors — in England they are called so because they do not go out till the afternoon. From eleven to two are the hours apportioned to the laborious insipidity of these persecuting people— a plague worse than the locusts or the frogs ; and as, after that time, ladies sel- dom do anything but lie down in their dressing gowns, and scold their servants, and powder their faces and necks; the day in India is literally killed outright by those who have an extensive acquaint- ance, and are hardly enough to keep their gates open. It is a legitimate thing in India to close your gates, and for your durwan to say, 'durwazah bund' — or 'the gates are closed;' — yet in spite of this, many people prefer telling a lie about it, and order their servants to say mem- shaib — lady— has gone out, when in real- ity she is snug in her own drawing room, with perhaps some particular dear friend who has come to spend the day with her, and of course, has no wish to be disturbed at all. But, perhaps, after all, they are right ; for what a very stupid place this world would be, if everybody adhered to the truth — lies being very properly re- garded as the cayanne pepper of life." THE BURRA BEEBEE. " The burra beebee is the greatest lady — whoever is handed to dinner, by the master of the house is the burra bee- bee for the occasion. A burra beebee is a much more important person in India than she is in England. Here she gives the after dinner nod to the lady of the house, instead of the lady of the house to her and here it is considered a sole- cism in manners to leave the house be- fore the burra beebee is pleased to give the signal by taking her departure and dissolving the party. Why it should be so, I do not know in the least, but I do know that it is very disagreeable when the burra beebee is rakishly inclined." MANNERS IN MADRAS. ''Madras is a very funny place— an excessively funny place indeed, for the people live there without punkahs, and the sheep have hair on them instead of wool — the servants all talk English, ' like natives,' and there is no rain and no cold weather. The roads are good and the shops are bad, and the houses not much better, and there is nothing in the whole place worth talking about but the club and Sir Thomas Munroe's statue. — People live there as far apart as the poles, and it takes a fortnight to pay a round of visits. New books and new fashions are as much unknown to them as ice, and buggies are called bandies. Of- ficers are not allowed to move out with- out their swords and there is neither a town-hall nor a theatre. It is, never- theless, a very nice place indeed, and in about three centuries and a half, will be equal, in many respect to what Calcutta is at present. Perhaps we have under- stated the probable time, but we are very partial to Madras , and have always a good word to say for her, when an occa- sion offers of speaking it out." YOUNG LADIES AND THEIR LOVERS. " Young ladies, when they part from their lovers, are very apt to beg and im- plore the young gentlemen to ' forget them,' to ' keep up their spirits, ' not to give way,' and all that sort of thing ; whereas we happen to know, that these are about the last things in the world which they really wish their lovers to do ; indeed, we are confident that these things are the very things above all others; the doing of which, if reported to the young ladies themselves, is apt to cause them the greatest annoyance; so little do they know what it is they are asking for, and what it is they really want," Can this be true What will the ladies themselves say of it ? \---------------------------------- Gaston De Foix. A Romance of the 16th Century. 3 vols. London : Mortimer. 1844. The reputation of Gaston de Foix, will be a sufficient inducement to the ad- mirers of historical novels to turn to the volumes before us with a reasonable ex- pectation of deriving gratification from the contents. A better subject could not perhaps have been selected by the novelist, who in availing himself thereof, has displayed much sagacity ; for with such brilliant materials as offer them- selves in the adventure of this youthful hero, it was next to impossible for a man of even ordinary talents to construct a dull work. The author of the present romance is evidently well read in the his- tory of the times he describes, and in the way in which he dwells upon the man- ners of the sixteenth century we recog- nise the spirit of the antiquary and the en thusiast. These details are given with much picturesque effect, add the nume- rous descriptions of Italian scenery are written so well as to call up the scenes themselves before our eyes, in their wild and rugged beauty. They are, in fact, written pictures, and without disparage- ment to the rest may be pronounced the most admirable features in the romance. The author is also happy in his descrip- tions of character ; indeed, it is evidently in the descriptive that his forte lies. The love story which runs through the ro- mance is occasionally feeble and impro- bable ; the dialogue being too weak and ineffective. Bayard, Machiavelli, Ari- osto, and the infamous Lucretia Borgia figure in the course of the story. The infamy of the last mentioned being stu- diously kept out of sight. We conclude from the defects of this work, that it is a first effort; and would therefore direct the author's attention to the correction of such palpable errors as Alvagaro's send- ing for his daughter to Brescia, when it is about to experience the horrors of a seige, for no earthly purpose, but the author's ; also the accommodating mo- rality of the Prioress of St. Agnes, who courageously refused to violate the rules of the Convent be allowing Gaston to see Marian in the house, but directs him to a little chapel where he will find the lady all alone. There is, nevertheless, so much merit in this romance that we ven- ture to express an opinion favourable to the author whose talents, with proper care and attention, will we think, pro- duce superior things to Gaston de Foix. The character of a vain old man is ex- tremely well drawn. We quote a portion of the adventures of the hero; THE AMBUSCADE. ''The travellers had now lost sight of the sea and the finely varied country be- low, and there was something extremely desolate in the aspect of the valley which they traversed. The forest in front, in- deed, was a fit subject, from its depth and vastness, for it formed the extent of the mountain range, both to the right and left; as far as the eye could reach; but the spare and some aspect of the pines added but little to the warmth of the landscape ; while above the woody re- gion, the stunted staring naked grey rocks, and huge snow-capped summits of the Appenines, bounded the dreary prospect. As they approached the wood, the ground gradually became steeper, and the stream more deep and rapid. Its banks, which farther down the valley were very flat, assumed a higher and bolder character being elevated consider- ably above the level of the water, and covered with underwood. Numerous large blocks of stone, carried down by the torrent from the higher grounds to the river, with the trunks and roots of trees, now left dry upon both aides, bore witness to the violence of the tempest on the previous night, which contrasted not unpleasing with the serenity of the morn- ing sky and the perfect stillness which reigned throughout the valley. Still gra- dually ascending, they at length reached the outskirts of the forest whence the river issued. Here it was covered be- twixt abrupt and lofty banks of, granite; to the height of from forty to fifty feet. A narrow but apparently very sub- stantial, wooden bridge was thrown scroll, from rock to rock, at this point; as being the least likely to be affected by the flood , for, lower down the valley, it would have been swept away by every rising of the stream. Beyond the bridge, across which lay the route, the stream came foaming down its rocky channel with frightful rapidly. The path, which in the lapse of ages if had worn for itself; was winding and broken, add at times; gurgling against the hollow bank, at times dashing against some portion of jagged granite, and scattering itself in spray , the torrent pursued its furious course. The path above , however , was broad and firm, and they approached the bridge without difficulty. Gaston, rode foremost, followed immediately by Jacob Empser and Renier, The Viceroy gave his horse the rein, directing it across the river. The animal obeyed ; but tht mo- ment its hoofs touched the wooden bridge, it snorted wildly, rearing at the same time so suddenly from the edge of the bank, that had his rider not been an expert horseman, he would probably have lost his Seat. The Prince, irritated by his discomfiture, spurred sharply forward a a second time ; but his horse continued plunging violently and refusing to obey the rein. 'For Heaven's sake! desist; my Lord,' exclaimed at length his Ger- man follower,—'the bridge is moving!' He flung himself from his saddle as he spoke, and rushing forward, shouted ' Treason ! treason ! Look to yourself, my Lord !— The planks are sawn as under.' " A fight ensues between Gaston and his enemies, in which the former is victo- rious. We pass on to a midnight adven- ture in the castle of one of those enemies into which Gaston had gone disguised for the purpose of seeing the daughter and being discovered is confined in a " haunted chamber." THE APPARITION. "The castle clock struck one, and as the peal died away in the midnight air Gaston, again looked round his prison walls, until his eye rusted on the myste- rious looking bed, which so well accorded with the general appearance of the cham- ber. Did he expect to see its last tenant, the ill-fated-lady who had, disappeared so strangely ? We know not, but he was disappointed. All was dark and solitary as before. Smiling at his superstitious fears, he once more placed himself, half- seated, half-reclining, on the seat beside the table, and, closing his eyes, fell into a kind of dosing slumber, which lasted he knew not how long. From this uncon- scious state he was aroused by what appeared to be the sudden brightness of the lamp which stood before him. He started up, the flame burnt more dimly than before, and yet the room was, lighter, He glanced around him: — ,' Mère de Dieu.' There was a brilliant ray of light streaming from the bed. He looked for his companion ; but he lay fast asleep as he had left him. De Foix was a brave man, but you might have heard the beating of his heart a yard off. He grasped his sword, however, unsheathed it, and walked forward to the bed. Before he had reached it, however, a female figure, clothed from head to foot in white, and bearing a lighted taper, issued from it. The Viceroy stopped, suddenly in the middle of the room. The apparition, if such it was, did not seem to notice him, but glided through the opening in the arras into the adjoining apartment. Gaston had now, in some measure, recovered his self- possession, he seized the lamp and followed. The figure was kneeling at the altar as he entered, apparently in prayer. The drapery was so arranged as to conceal the features, but it breathed and sighed like, a human being, and beat his breast, and seemed to weep. Gaston looked on with surprise and awe ; once or twice he was upon the point of calling up his comrade, but abstained from fear of losing sight of his mysterious visitor. At length she finished her devotions, and rising slowly and majestically, prepared to take her departure. Gaston now re- solved upon his course, which was, to confront the figure in the narrow door way which led into the other room, and satisfy himself as to its material or spi- ritual essence. His visitor, on turning round, seemed to guess his purpose, and proudly motioned to him to make way. ' For what must I make way ?' exclaimed Gaston, raising the point of his aword ; — 'art thou a spirit or a mortal ?— of earth, or hell ? Speak! Another impatient wave of the arm was the sole reply. I swear, by him that made me, thou shall not pass! He was answered by a laugh so shrill and piercing, that it seemed to deafen him. Two eyes of surpassing brilliancy glared upon him for an instant, the next moment he felt the light struck from his hand, and all was darkness." We must state this " ghost" proved to be one of real flesh and blood, who had found means of warning the hero of some foul play intended towards him. 