STDtfE'S' NEWS. The City Council and the Police Fund. On Friday, the 22nd instant, the City Council held their usual meeting, when Alderman Flood brought forward the resolution of which he had given notice, " That all such sums of money as have been raised by assessment in the city, and have been appropriated, or should hereafter be appropriated, to the payment of the police of the city, may be refunded to the corporation, in aid of the city fund, for local advantages and improvement of the city." The motion having been seconded by Alderman Macdermott, an amendment was moved by Alderman Wilshire that the resolution should claim only such sums as had been expended since the expiring of the Subsidiary Act on 21st August last, which was seconded by Mr. Holden. On a division the original resolution was carried by a large majority. In the course of the discussion it came out that in consequence of the inadequacy of the police fund the Mayor had issued warrants to pay police expenses out of the city fund, to such an extent that at the end of the year the police fund would be indebted to the extent of £1300. This practice was much blamed, and a resolution was carried "That from and after the 1st December the Mayor be authorised to suspend the issue of warrants for the payment of the police force ;" the Mayor undertaking to put himself in immediate communication with the government on the subject. Light Weights and Measures.-No less than seventy individuals were summoned to the police office, yesterday, by the Inspector of Weightsand Measures, under the Act of Council 3rd William IV., No. 4, for having lightweights and measures in their possession ; the majority of whom pleaded guilty to the information, and were fined in the lowest penalties, viz., 5s. for each light weight seized, and 5s. costs, the whole of which the Act appropriates to the in- former. Therefore, allowing the average fine on each individual to be 30s., the number of weights upon which he was fined being half-a-dozen, the maiden prosecutions of the inspector would yield him, for yesterday's work, the sum of £105. There were three sets of weights found in the possession of a few individuals, one set of heavy weights to buy with, and another of light weights to sell with, and the third a regulation set, adjusted by the standard, upon which to "ring the changes" when necessary.-Austra- lian, Nov. 23. Preparations for Christmas.-The lovers of good cheer are busy making active prepara- tions for Christmas already ; and have made several nocturnal visits to their neighbours' hen- roosts lately, with the view of procuring geese, turkeys, and fowl, for the purpose of putting them up to fatten for their christmas dinners. Serjeant M'Meachan, the police office keeper, has no less than one fat pig, a couple of ducks, ditto geese, and sundry pairs of fowl, which parties are under committal for stealing for the promised festivities, from which they have been unexpectedly debarred the enjoyment, by their premature incarceration.-Australian. Jorrocks.-This celebrated old racer has been sold at Windsor by auction for £57. If the old horse is still sound, this seems an extraordinary low price. The Hawkesbury Courier says he was bought by the Messrs. Doyle. Ghost at Pyrmont.-During the last fort- night some of the inhabitants of Pyrmont, chiefly females, have been alarmed by the appearance of a ghost, who has shown himself nearly every night. It is known to be a trick, performed by some heartless fellow by way of a "lark;" and on one occasion he was very nearly been caught by a number of persons who had joined for the purpose ; but the alarm being prematurely given by some thoughtless boys, the ghost made his escape by taking to his heels. One poor woman, in the family way, had suffered severely from fright, caused by her encountering the supposed apparition ; and another, whose health had for some time been in a declining state, having also had the misfortune to see the spectre, is convinced that it is a supernatural warning of her approaching death. Such tricks as these ought to be punished, by sending the wicked perpetrators to the house of correction or solitary cells. It appears, however, that the inhabitants of Pyrmont are wholly destitute of constables.-Herald. The Distilling Case at Parramatta.-A petition to his Excellency the Governor, praying him to institute a searching enquiry into the manner in which the case against Cropper and Bryan, for illicit distillation, has been carried on, is in course of signature, and has already a great number of respectable names appended to it. Herald. Mrs. Chisholm.-We are instructed by Mrs. Chisholm to say that benefactions of provisions for the families of the labourers about to start under her guidance for the Yass district will be thankfully received at her office, Bent-street, and at the immigrant encampment, near Cooper's distillery, where a person is authorised to receive them.-Chronicle. The Clerks' Society.-A Clerks' Benefit Society has lately been formed in Sydney, which was at first intended to include all clerks, but previous to the meeting at which the society was regularly constituted it was determined to confine it to government, bankers', and merchants' clerks, excluding attorneys' clerks. This gave umbrage to that numerous body, and after a vain attempt at the meeting to induce the other clerks to admit them, one of the body addressed a sarcastic letter on the subject to the Herald ; and the Chronicle, in noticing the proceedings, also made some few comments. This added fuel to the fire, and Mr. John Legh Vannett, who appears to have taken rather an active share in the formation of the society, and on whom the obloquy of the exclusion had principally fallen, addressed a letter to the Herald in reply, in which he states, "This limitation, therefore, in the admission-which seems to have convulsed the city, and called forth the most angry feelings from all quarters-was after all not a question of respectability, but of expediency." After this explanation it is to be hoped no dreadful con- sequences will attend the convulsion of the city. Oil Casks.-The Herald copies a letter from the New Zealand Gazette respecting a wood used at Akaroa for making oil casks, said to be of very superior quality. The wood is named the Kowai or Kowia, a species of mimosa, plentiful in the Middle Island, near the sea shore, or on the banks of rivers, and is said to be so suitable that, if used for large casks when fresh cut up, the staves take the required shape without heating. The wood splits well and straight. The Bank of New South Wales_It will be remembered that at a late meeting of the share- holders of this bank it was determined to pay back 17 per cent, of the capital to the share- holders, and write off 33 per cent, as lost by bad debts. This decision was obtained by the enormous amount of proxy votes held by some of the directors. The Herald states that when receiving their 17 per cent, in cash it is reported each shareholder is required to sign a receipt so drawn up as at the same time to signify his concurrence in writing off the 33 per cent. Great dissatisfaction appears to exist among the shareholders. The Blacks on the Tumut, Murrumbidgee, &c.-Mr.; Bingham, Commissioner of Crown Lands on the Tumut River, has addressed a letter to the government stating the great services rendered by the aborigines on that river and the Murrumbidgee lately when those rivers were in flood, by which the lives of many individuals were saved. Mr. Bingham urges the propriety of making the aborigines some reward as an acknowledgment for their services and exertions. The Wool Market.-From the high prices that have been offered for all descriptions, many of the lots that usually are sent home under advance have been sold, and a large amount of business has been done in comparison to the quantity sold this time last year. Each arrival from the Hunter brings a good cargo, and the drays from the western district are daily arriving ; not less than 800 bales have reached Sydney during the week, and have sold at the prices at foot. One lot was sold at auction at 17d. per lb., and was considered comparatively cheap when compared with that which fetched Id. per lb. less, from the very superior maraier in which it was got up, and the total absence of burr or grass seed. The price of bills attached to bills of lading has fallen to 5 and 5"; per cent, dis- count, which is very much against the interest of the grower. "Freights to London and Liver- pool, l£d. to lijd. per lb. s. d, s. d. First quality fleece, assorted-1 5 Ordinary. 1 1 to 1 3¿ Inferior and greasy. 1 0 " 1 1 1st quality skin and handwashed 1 3 2nd. 1 0 "1 H Unwashed wool. 0 6J " 0 7*¡ Butchers' skins (shorn), 3d. to 4d. each. Herald. Stock.-Fat Cattle.-There is a good supply in the market. The prices given in Sydney range from 40s. to 50s. per head. The agent of one of the wholesale butchers made a pretty large purchase, in the vicinity of Myrtle Creek, of a lot of prime beasts, at £2 7s. 6d. The average price is about 45s. per head. Sheep. The carcase butchers are giving from 6s. to 8s. 6d. per head for unshorn sheep, in good condi- tion ; the average price is about 7s. per head. Horses.-No sales to report. Milch Cows. Twenty-four head, with fifteen young calves, were sold at the pound. The prices ranged from 25s. to 70s. per cow and calf; the general price is about £3 fora cow in good milking condition. Calves.-For slaughter, calves are worth from 10s. 6d. to 15s. per head ; the general price is 12s. 6d. each.-Herald. Butchers' Meat.-Wholesale-beef, Ogd. to lifd. per lb. ; mutton, Id. to l"fd. per lb. ; veal and pork, 3d. to 3?¡d. per lb. : the retail prices are-beef and mutton, l*|d. to 1-Jd. per lb. ; veal and pork, 3J¿d. to 4"jd. ; sheep's tongues, 6d. per dozen ; neats' tongues, Is. each ; suet, 3d. to 3^d. per lb.-Ibid. The Small Farm System.-Articles in advocacy of the small farm system have lately appeared in the Hawkesbury Courier and the Parramatta Chronicle ; and in both those districts the attention of the public seems just now much directed to the subject. The Military.-We are happy to find that H. M. 58th Regt, has not latterly given any cause for complaint. As we anticipated, their freaks have been nothing more than the mere outbursts of raw recruits, as yet hardly accus- tomed to the severity of discipline; but now, thanks to the attention of the Commandant, as well as to the better sense of the men, we hope that our only cause of regret will be, when we shall have to record their departure from amongst us.-Parramatta Chronicle. We are sorry to have to announce that the hooping cough is commencing to rage in Wind- sor. Several infants are now suffering from its attack.-Hawkesbury Courier. The bushrangers Riley, Marshall, Hoolohan, and others (an account of whose exploits and final capture at Wiseman's, near Windsor, by Mr. Noel Chapman, the very active and efficient chief constable of Berrima, we lately noticed in the Hawkesbury Courier), have been all fully committed for trial by the Hartley bench of magistrates. Last week these noted characters made a desperate attempt to escape from the Hartley lockup, by breaking a portion of one of the walls with an old knife, which was found upon one of the parties. The noise they made awoke the ''executioner," who was asleep in an adjoining cell, and who instantly gave the alarm. The "gentlemen" are now pronounced by their attendants " beyond the reach of escape." -Hawkesbury Courier. 