SPIRIT OF THE PERIODICALS. 'CONVERSATION WITH THE EMPEROR Or RUSSIA. HIS ACCOUNT OF THE REBEL LION ON THE EAT OF HTS ACCESSION. xv the marquis he cusiine. The flay on ufoidh Nicholas ascended "the throne web that on -which the rebel lion broke -out among the guards. At the first intimation of the revolt of the troops the Emperor and Empress proceeded alone to their -chapel, and, falling on 'their knees on the step of the altar, bound each other by mutual oath before God to die aB sovereigns, if they should be unable to triumph over th1iC-'"-rec- <tion. The Emptor might well view the no11"- .-iion as serious, for he had been informed that the Archbishop had al- Teafly vainly endeavoured to appease the soldiers. In Russia, when religious power loses its influence, disorder is in- -ueea lonninsnie. After solemnly making the sign of the cross, the Emperor proceeded to comfort the rebels, anu to overmaster them by his presence, Bnd'by the calm energy of his countenance. He stated this to rue in terms more modest than those which I now use, and of which, unfortunately, I have not preserved the recollection, for at first l was rather taken by surprise, owing to the unexpected turn of the con versation. Of what passed after re- covering from the surprise my memory is more tenacious. " Sire, y ourMsj esty drew your strength ifrom the right source." , " I did not know what I was to do or aay — I was inspired." "To receive such inspirations -it is necessary to merit them." "I did nothing extraordinary; I said to Che -soldiers, Return to your ranks ;' and. at the-moment of passins the regi- ment in review, 1 -cried, 'On your knees.' "They all obeyed. "What gave me power waB, that the instant "before I had re signed myself to meet death- i am grateful for having succeeded ; but I am -not proud of it, for it was by -no merit of my own-" Sudh were the noble expressions which the Emperor made use of in relating to me this contemporary tragedy. From the above relation an idea may be formed of the interesting nature of the aiibject on which he converses with the -travellers -whom he honours with his goodwill. It will also explain the charac ter of the influence he exercises over ourselves, as well -as over his people and his family. He is the LouisXlV. of the SclavoDians. Eye-witnesses -have informed me that bis form seemed to dilate and grow more lofty and commanding at each step that he made in advancing towards the mutineers. Taciturn, melancholy, and absorbed in trifles, as he had appeared during his youth, he became a hero the moment he was a monarch. The con- trary -it -usually the oase — ana princes -promise more than they perform. The prince is, on the tbrooe, as per- , fectly in his proper sphere as a great -actor would be on the boards. Hisatti- tode before tbe rebel-guard was so im posing, that, while be harangued the troops, one of the conspirators, it is said, advanced four times towards him with the intention of lulling him, and four times bis courage failed, like that -of the Cimbrian's before Marius. Such a man cannot be judged by the -standard applied to ordinary characters. His grave and authoritative voice — -his magnetic and piercing look, which iB often cold and fixed, rather through the habit of suppressing his passions than of dissimulating his thoughts, for he -is frank — his superb forehead-— his features, which are those of an Apollo or aJupiter — -liis immovable, imposing, and im perious expression — his figure, more noble than easy, more monumental than human, exercise -upon all who approach his person a power which is irresistible. He becomes master -of the wills of others because -it is seen that he is master -of his -own. The following is -what 1 have retained -of the remainder of our conversation : — "The insurrection thus appeased, your Majesty must hsve enterea the palace with feelings vent different to those under which it was left; not only the throne, but the admiration of the world, and the sympathy of all lofty minds being, by thic event, assured to your Majesty." " I -did -not thus view it : what I then did has been too much praised." " I can truly say, Sire, that one of the chief motives ofrny curiosity in visiting Russia was the desire of approaching a Prince who exercises such power over men." "The Russians are amiable; but he should render himself worthy who would govern such a people." " Your Majesty has better appreciated the wants and the position of this country than any ol your predecessors. "Despotism still exists in Russia; it is the essence of my government, but it accords with the genius of the nation." Sire, by stopping Russia on the road of imitation you are restoring her to her self." "liove my country, and I believe I Understand it. 1 assure you that when I feel heartily weary of all the miaeriea of the timea, I endeavour to forget the rest of Europe by retiring towards the interior of Russia." " In order to refresh yourself at your fountain head." " Precisely so. No one is snore from his heart a Russian than I am. 1 urn going to say to you what I would notsay to another, but I feel that you will com prehend me." Here the Emperor interrupted himself, and looked at me attentively. I con- i " tinned to listen without replying, and he proceeded, " I can understand republicanism; it is a plain and straightforward form of go vernment, or at least, it might be so; I -can understand absolute monarchy, for I am myselfthe head of such an order of things; but 1 cannot understand a reprc. sentative monarchy ; it is the government of lies, fraud, and corruption ; and I would rather fall back -even upon China than ever adopt it." " Sire, I have always regarded repre sentative governments a compact inevit able in certain communities at certain epochs; but like all -other compacts it does not solve questions it only adjourils difficulties." 'The Emperor seemed to say, go on. I continued : — " It is a truce signed between de mocracy and monarchy, under the aus pices of two very mean tyrants, fear and intPPrRt ! nnd it is nrnlmitrpd hir tlmf pride of intellect which takes pleasure ih talking, and that popular vanity which satisfies itself on words. In short, it is the aristocracy of oratory substituted for j aristocracy of birth ; it is the government I ofthelawyera. I "Sir, you speak the truth," said tlie Emperor, pressing my hand; " I have been a representative sovereign; and the world knows what it has cost me not to have been willing to submit to the exigencies of this infamous government — I quote literally). To buy votes, to corrupt cunscience, to seduce some in order to deceive others ; all these means I disdained, asdegrading those whoobey as much as those who command, and I have dearly paid the penalty of my straightforwardness ; but, God be praised, I have d ne for ever with tliis detestable political machine, I shall nevermore be a constitutional King. I have too much neeuol saying all thatl think-ever to con sent to reign over any people by meanB of stratagem and intrigue." The name of Poland , which presented itselfincessantly to our thoughts, was not once uttered in this singular conversation. The effect it produced on me was great I felt my self subdued. The nobleness of sentiment which the Emperor displayed, and the frankness of hiB language, seemed to me greatly to temperhis omnipotence. The beauty ofltis faoeiB an instrument of persuasion, for this beauty is moral as well as physical. I attribute its effect-to the truth of his sentiments yet more than to the regularity of his features. It was at a ball at the Duchess of Olden- borough'e tha t I had thisinterestiug con versation with the Emperor. The tutonicarcbitecture of the Kremlin is thus graphically depicted — By the Marquis dcCustine. " The word calls gives an idea of quite too ordinary an object; it would deceive the reader : the walls of -the Kremlin are a chain of mountains. This mIomdI rMta/1 nn f Vr o />niifinar /\f A and Europe, is, as compared with or dinary ramparts, what the Alps are -to our hills; the Kremlin is the Mount Blanc of fortresses. If the'giant that is called the Ri-ssian Empire bad a heart, I should say that the Kremlin was (be heart of the monster; but, as it is, I would call it the head. I wish I could give an idea of this mighty pile of stone reared step by step into the heavens ; this asylum of despotism, raised iu the name of liberty:: for the Kremlin was a barrier -opposed to the Calmucs by the Russians : its walls have equally aided the independence of the state and the tyranny of the sovereign. They are boldly carried over the deep sinuosities of the soil. When the declivities ot the hillocks become too perpendicular, the rampart is lowered by steps: these steps, rising between heaven and earth, are enormous ; they are the ladder for the giants who make war againBt the gods. The line of this first girdle of structures is broken by fantastic towers, so ele vated, strong, and grotesque in form, as to remind one of the peaks in Switzer- lftnd. with their xnAnV- fihRneH rorlra and their many-coloured glaciers. The ob scurity no doubt contributed to increase the size of objects, and to give them un usual forms and tints, — I say tints, for night, like engravings has its colouring. To behold gentlemen and ladies, dressed a la Paritienne, promenading at the feet of this fabulous palace, was to fancy myself in a dream. What would Ivan III, the restorer, or, it might be said, -the founder of the Kremlin, have thought, could he have beheld at the foot of the Bacred fortress, his old Mus covites, shaved, curled, in frock coats, white pantloons, and yellow gloves, eat ing ices, seated before a brightly-lighted cafe ? He would have said, as I do, it is impossible ! and yet this is now seen every summer evening in Moscow." The effect of universal tyranny on the national character of the Russians, is thus |SUl«SOUf Uivaaaji nuu 11« ICgl bull WUij' described . — " An ambition inordinate and im mense, — one of those ambitions which could only possibly spring in the bosoms of tbe oppressed, and could only find nourishment in the miseries of a whole nation, ferments in (he hearts of the Russian people. That nation, essentially aggressive, greedy under the influence I of privation, — expiates beforehand, by a debasing submission, the design of exer cising a tyranny over other nations; the riches which it hopes for, console it for the disgrace to which it submits. To . purify himself from the foul and impious sacrifice of all public and personal li berty, the slave, upon his knees, dreams of the conquest of the world- It is not tbe man who is adored in the Emperor Nicholas — it is the ambitious master of a nation more ambitious than himself. In IVl»ni1 Russia sees in Europe a prey which our dissensions will, sooner or later yield to it: she foments anarchy among us, in the hope of profiting by a corruption which she favours because it is favour able to her views. It is the history of Poland recommencing on a larger scale. For many years past Paris has read revo lutionary journals paid by Russia. " Europe," they say at Petersburg!!, "is following the road that Poland took: she is enervating herself by a vain li beralism, whilst we continue powerful precisely because we are not free. Let us be patient nnder the yoke : others shall someday pay for our Bhame." The views that I reveal here may appear chimerical to minds engrossed with othei matters; their truth will be recognized by every man initiated in Ihc march of European affairs, and in the secrets of cabinets dring the last twenty years. — Tait's Magazine. The' folio wing description of an aged monarch of the woods is beautiful aud novel : — " I was now skirting the side of an island of Irees of greater extent than most of those I had hitherto seen . On reaching the und ot it, I suddenly came ill sight of an object presenting so ex traordinary an appearance as far to surpass any of the natural wonders f had as yet beheld, either in Texas or in the United States. At the distance of about two miles rose a colossal mass, in shape sumcwhat like a monumental mound or tumulus, and apparently of the brightest silver. As I came in view of it, the sun was just covered bya passing cloud, from the lower edge of which the bright rays shot down obliquely upon the extraordinary phenomenon, lighting it up in the most brilliant manner. At one moment it looked Like a huge silver coup ; then took, the appearance of an illuminated castle, pinnacles and towers, or the dome of some great cathedral, then of a gigantic elephant, covered with trappings, but always of solid silver and indescribably magnificent. Had all the treasures of the earth been offered to me to say what it was, I should have been unable to answer. Bewildered by my interminable wanderings in the prairie, and wakened by fatigue and hunger, a superstitious feeling for a moment came over me, and I half asked myself whether I had not reached some enchanted regioa, into which the evil spirit of the prairie was luring me to supernatural strangeness and beauty- Banishing these wHd imaginings, I rode on in the direction of this strange ob ject ; but it was only when I came within a very short dislanco that I was able to distinguish its nature. It was an olive oak of stupendous dimensions, the very patriarch of the prairie, grown grey in the laps of ages. Its lower limbs had shot oat iu an horizontal, or rather a downward-slanting direction, and reaching nearly to the ground, formed a vast dome several hundred feet in diameter, and a full hundred and thirty feet high. It had no appearance of a tree, for neither trunk nor blanches wore visible. It seemed a mountain of whitish-green scales, fringed with long silvery moss, that hung like innumerable beards from every bough and twig. Nothing could better convey the idea of immense and incalculable age lhau the hoary beard and venerable appearance of this monarch of the woods. Spanish moss of a silvery grey corered the whole mass of wood and foliage, from the top mast hough down to the very groand ; short near the top of the tree hut gra. dually increasing in length as it de scended, -unti! it hung like a deep fringe from the lower branches. I separated the vegetable curtain with my hands, and entered this august temple with feelings of involuntary awe. The change from the bright sunlight to the comparative darkness beneath the vault, was bo great, that 1 at first could scarcely iki— wi «A3l«BS£UIBU HUJ LdlUi V IICU IU J got accustomed to the gloom, howcrer, nothing could be more beautiful than the effect of the sun's rays, which in forcing their way through the silvered leaves and moBses, took as many varieties and co lour as if they had passed through a window of painted glass, and gave (he rich, subdued and solemn light of some old dihedral. The trunk of the tree rose, free from all branches, full forty feet from the ground, rough and knotted, and of such enormous size that it might have been taken for a mass of rock, covered with moss and lichens, while many of its boughs were nearly as thick as the trunk of any tree I hid ever pre viously seen. — Blackwood's Magazine. Remarkable Contrasts. — That was a striking moment la the life of Louis Phillippe, when, two months afterwards, h« rABri in thft r.ntnnana nf i ho ATa f«u v at Neuilly, the fatal ordinance of July, 1830! M. Dupin rushed to the Cha. tc&u; : all was agitation and alarm. But the Duke Lad resolved not to alter his, independent and dignified attitude. He had come to the resolution to remain in France let what would occur; and no longer to bo exposed to the insults, ignominy, persecutions, and sorrows of foreign exile. Although the Duke had beeo prepared Tor some coup d'etat, (he ordinance of July greatly exceeded his worst apprehensions, and the resistance of all ranks of the people by no means surprised him. Yet, again, to him his duly was clear, de remained at home in the bosom of his family, attended no meeting, gave no advice, entered into no correspondence with the revolu tionary party, and so acted during Sun- I day, Monday, and Tuesday. On Wednesday having been apprised that I an altemp'. would be made tn arrest him, the Duke concealed himself at (ho house of a friend, and but a short lima had elapsed after his departure, before the soldiers of the Pilignac cabinet ar rived, to carry that intended arrest into effect. So wholly did the Duke isolato himself from the revolution and its agents, that even when his presence was called for by the chiefs of the successful movement, he could not be found, and his retreat was not known to his most familiar friends. At length the cry was heard, "Long live the Dukcof Orleans !" and the Scandinavian pedestrian, the Swiss professor of mathematics, and the dollarless wanderer in Amerira was pro claimed King ol the French! — From Prater's Magazine. Matrimony. — There is another cause which is considered as fraught with great matrimonial mischief; I mean a disparity of years between the con- . . . 'i - l r „ _ j:nr.-..i, .. i nailing j J a 1 1 1 co A ma la a uiinuui b jiu in i to write upon, for what is litis disparity of years? It is something like a "certain age," the most uncertain thing of all. I lately heard a clever woman say, " I hope my son, if lie dots marry, will marry young;" which, with all respect for you, Madame tie B., is, if considered on general principles, a very foolish one. At the best, men are a sad set ; and men of hale, hearty con. stitution, uf frank, free, and j u vial dii- positions — those, in fact, most worth having — are shamefully slow in growing old, and, if one of this class marries at twenty- five or thirty, t: e chances are that his poor wife will be dreadfully jealous before he is forty-five or fifty. It is a sad, a melancholy case, no doubt ; but young ladies and their mothers should think of it before it is too late. I grant that there are women of such ucduij mat me raauaiiy serine- bearer, Time, can make no impression on their forms and features; but the cases are comparatively rare, and ladies must not trust to them, even when ihey have beauty to start with. Ninon do 1'Enclos made conqoes's at eighty ; but then wit and talents must have aided her, and in these days, few women of forty make conquests by mere force of beauty, or retain command over the heart by the power of their charms. Every circle can name exceptions, and splendid ones too, but they are only exceptions. The world was lost for a queen of forty, and many a heart has, no doubt, been lost for a lady of the samo age, but the cases are out of the rule and not in it. What is termed " of a Buitable age," is, therefore, a very uncertain thing, and must depend less upon years than upon constitution, feeling, and disposition ; for some men are still young at an age when others are already as old as old caube; and you see some gentlemen feeble and de crepit! at twenty-five, while others are huarty at fifty, i tiers was our friend Steady, who, when about sixty f die world called him seventy), married the pretty Miss Flirtwcll, a lady of twenty. Before her marriage the women called her twenty-seven, after hor marriage they reduced her age to seventeen, and ridiculed the union of seventy and seventeen. Well, and how fared i ? Old Steady looks as well as ever; his eldest son is ten years old this very day, and his prelty blooming bride that wis, is now a sedate, good looking house wife, as happy as possible, and showing plainly, (hat in their case, a very great difference in years occasioned no " dis parity of age." But then years will sometimes occasion disparities be well as other things Tbo dashing Miss Bonnington, who at twenty-fire mar ried old Sir Thomas Tripplcfoe for his rank and fortune, had not enjoyed her new dignity three months before sho up braided her husband with having mar ried her, though she herself knew his age, and saw liirn walk lame, as well as the rest of the world. Though really irrcnroachable in her moral rondure ih. flirts with every young fellow she sees. The old man's jealousy drives him al most mad ; it is in vain that he immures her ia the country— even there she falls upon new modes of plaguing him ; so that their marriage is only one constant scene of warfare. But, then, why, of all the world, marry Miss Bonington ? She was a nice girl enough ; and, well matched, might have made a good wife ; but it was only her vanity and that of her friends which threw her into (he a ribs of old Trippletoe, for whom she cared not a button, and whom she will certainly plague to death. " I'd rather be a dog, and bay the moon," than " Bear a heart a womau loves to read/1 But of all the absurdities in this world, that or an old lady marrying a young husband is tbe greatest ; and yet 1 have known even such a match succeed when me nusnana nas ueeu very old tn feeling aud disposition, aod the lady very much the reverse. I allude to Ike case of Mrs. Loveail, a widow of fortune, with seven children ; who, at the age of forty, bestowed her hand and property on youi acquaintance Mr. Powderpill,' who was turned of tweuty.threel Well, the maich prosper admirably ; (he laily Is by far the youngest and most active of the two ; nurses her husband as well as her cbrd en ; directs and commands ereryihing with the ease of one who knows that Bhe possesses absolute au. thority, and is the superior at oil points ; and the chances are, that if she buries poor Powderpill. who has been old from the cradle, she will coon find him a more youthful successor. Bi_t then the rich Mr. Diamond, alady rather beyond "a certain age," bad not been married above a month to the young Mr. Dash ington when tbe police report already' made (ho bridegroom's gallantries and the lady's despair known to nil the laughing and malicious world. — Prater's Magazine. Fruits of Luxury. — Gout! thou fear- fut and unexercisable ghost of luxury! Gout ! which Ihc great Chesterfield honoured as the malady of a gentleman — Gout! typified in scripture by thn mangling of tho toes ot the threescore kings who fed upon the crumbs undur the rich tabic of Adunibfzck — to thee is it given to fasten upon natures unap proachable to vulgar instruments of torture. Thou art lord of the bed chamber to kings — thou art member of the best clubs — thou enjoyest privilege of peerage ; and when once thy whispers of warning hath breathed into a human ear, let the owner thereof prepare to remain sober all the remainder of his days, pay his just debts, and make his last will : for he hath attained his be- fVIH H ! M M A f I L A .1 I L a f — glutting ut iiiu ctiu — tito iruiiitcr ot certain age. — Ainswortk's Magazine. Irish Melodies.- — Robin Adair is gene rally spoken oT as a Scotch melody, though there is internal evidence of its Irish origin. Robin Adair himself was an Irish gentleman, the ancestor of Vis count Molesvvortii, residing at Holly Park, in the county of Wicklow, and, early in the last century, was a member ef the Irish Parliament. Handel said, "he would rather have been the com poser of Eiieen-a-Roon than many of his most admired productions and Burns, the poet, writing to his publisher, Thom son, who requested him to give it " a Scotch dress," says, " I have met with a musical Highlander, who assures me that he well remembers IiiB mother singing Gaelic songs to the airs of Eileen- a-Roon and Molly Astorel But the wandering minstrels, harpers, and pipers used to go jicijucuiij cnaut ttiruugu (.tie WliQs Ol I both Scotland and Ireland, and so some I favourite airs might be common to both." Such of our readers as are not ashamed to sing au old song will find Eileen- a- Roon, played with its accompaniments, as arranged for Robin Adair, an agreea ble novelty. — Bentley's Miscellany. My Intimate Friend.— My intimate friend belongs to the same club as myself, and manages to get himself invited to ray dinner threo times a week, to say at least; on which occasions he ahowa his friendship by telling me plainly that champagne is necessary to his digestion. My intimate friend gives mo a bad dinnei wheneverhe entertains meatkis lodgings, because, as he says, between friends there needs no ceremony — and then drops hints about " the feast of reason and the flow of soul." My intimate friend borrows money ef me alone, be cause, as he observes, he would not hurt me by applying to any one else; and forgets the golden maxim, that " short accounts make long friends." My In timate friend is always ready to be my I nend in a duel , and i so tenacious of my honor, that he will never hear of a compromise, though oidui and better men than himself iiavc professed them, selves satisfied. My intimate friend rides my horse iasteai of keeping one, because Orestes and Pyladcs, and Damoa aad Pythias, were not belter frieada than we are, and consequently such trifles ought to bo common between us. My intimate friend would think me very ill-natured did I not present him in all the different circles that I frequent, al though, bring better favoured thin lam, the consequence is, that he dances with all the handsomest girls, and I am cm- ployed to take the dowagers down to supper. My intimate friend is so solici tous about my gentleman-likeappea ranee, that ho left me no peace till I employed his tailor, hi hatter, and hi shoemaker, all of which functionaries supply him gratis for tbe sake of his good word among his i-ar friends. My intimate friend insisted ou giving a hall at ray chambers, because he said a rich man like myself ought not to receive so many civiliflPR without A rofnrn Ha taniiM undertake all the trouble, and write all the invitations. The consequence was that he entertained all his friends at my expense, and I offended many for not having invited them. — Ainswirth's Ma gazine. The Legitimate Drama. — When Bul- wer's dramatic bill was on the tapis, Mr. Morris, the late proprietor of the Hay- market Theatre, was examined before a committee of the House of Commons, on the subject of the legitimate drama. Mr. Sheil was the querist. " And do you understand the legitimate drama?" squeaked the member of Tipperary. "I do," said Morris. " Then what do you. call the legitimate drama, Mr. Morria ? " Anything licensed to be performed at the patenttheatres," was the erudite reply. " Then," re-squeaked the Hibernian — " la tone more cracked ud shrill," " Do you call Tom Thumb the legitimate drama?" " I do," said Morris. Sheil turned ou his seat with a mast ludicrous howl of contempt, and the committee saluted their witness withapealoflaugh- ter. This is as good as tbe remark of a well known conductor of melodramas, who, on the morning after the production of one of his pieces, was met by afriend, who inquired of him the nature of his last literary lion— " What Mud or drama ia it?" "Oh, quite legitimate — per fectly legitimate." " Weil, how did it gooff?" "Why, it would have gone off tremendously only the confounded monkey forgot to Jtrt the blunderbuss 1" Hereti oenare two great authorities upon j the subject of the legitimate drama. Dramatic and Musical Review. American Shop-Sign. — "I was once out in the' western merchant line of busi ness, and had a store at Cincinnati, nex- tloor to which I had a varmint of a neigh t bour that carried off almost all the busi ness. He was a great rogue,- — he was- end I went to (lie schoolmaster and asked him what I should put up as a sign that I was honest — as limes goes — . Says lie ' You put up mens conscia recti, meaning, men conscientiously reckoned with.' Well, I put it up, and the next day the varmint pinned a paper on some stockings, with men's and women's conscia recti on it. Well, we had a little fight about that, and I sent him right through his own window. It cost me considerable of hard Jackson, though. But I gave it to the squire as fined me. ' Why, what do you guess I sit here for but for justice !' says lie. ' Why, I calculate you sit there,' says I, 1 for a thousand dollars a-year.' He had to take his change out of that. And now I'm put in mind ol an enigraer ( discovered in Cincinnati, and put in a winder — a nice little winder — as was bo small it almost took two persons to look rimiimi It n t nna li'mo V l,nrl a l!l>a»ni.. of myself painted, and right over my heart I had a small looking-glass, and on each side a letter; F on one side, X on the other. Underneath was writ, ' Any our as can poke the fun out of this here enigmer shall Lave five pounds ot best Americah factory Canton tea.' So there the gonies kept crowding rouDd the store, slartiug at it, and coming in to buy small parcels. But none of 'em ever tound it out. I don't mind telling you now, aa I've cleared out of that line of grocery. / calculate there was I rayselt in llie portrait of rayBelf, sad the letters F and X with the I cried out ' FIX.1 Then if you looked in the glass, in the midst there you were, and I myself, represented by the por trait oT myself, could easily be guessed to be saying, ' You are in a fix I' It took me to do that enigmer, and I could hardly. It plagued the rogue next door hand. ««t.caiu uiQb, auci a ICl L V/ihcjh- nati, the loafer went mad, and was put into a lunaftfc asylum to be cured of braying ; he thort he wur a iscksss, and weren't much mistaken." — Uncle Sam ; Ainsworth's Magazine. j The Oratory of Bollingbroke.—The gracefulness of Bollingbroke's manner has been so greatly extolled by his conj temporaries, that we can hardly believe his eloquence to have arisen into the ve hemence ascribed to it by one who had studied his works more than other men, for he had written an excellent imitation ofhi8tyle. Mr. Burke speaks of that rapid torrent of " an impetuous and overbearing eloquence whicu he is justly admired," as well as "the rich variety of his imagery." There is assuredly no thing in his style to discountenance this notion ; and, as Burke lived much nearer Bolingbroke's times than we do, there ran be Utile doubt that his panegyric ia. correct. But alt accounts agree in de scribing the external qualities (so to speak) of his oratory as perfect. A aj inuicti auiClijf UCJUlliUl AUU BDITJlBieU countenance a noble and cliguiGed per son, a sonorous and flexihlo voice, ac tion graceful aud correct though unstu died, gave his delivery an inexpressible charm with those who witnessed his ex traordinary displays as spoclatora or critics; and armed his eloquence with resistless effect over those whom it was intended ta sway, or persuade, or con trol. If the concurring accounts of witnesses, and tbe testimony to his merits borne by his writings, may be trusted, he must bo pronounced to stand upou the whole, at tbe head of modern orators. There may hare been mora measure and matured power in Pitt, more fire in occasional bursts of Chatham, more unbridled vehemence, more intent reasoning in Fox, more deep-toned declamation in paasagea of Sheridan, more learned imagery in Burke, more wit and humour in Canning; but as a whole, and taking in all rhetorical gifts, and all the orator's accomplishments, no oae, perhaps hardly the union of seve ral of them, can match what we are taughi by tradition to admire in Boline- broke'a apoken eloquence, aod what tbe study of his works makes us easily be lieve to be true.-- Lord Broughasn's Sketches of Statesmen. — Third Series. Warning. — A gentleman in Scot land, who had found It difficult to save his ground from depredation, and had painted " man-traps and spring-guns" in vain, hit on the tallowing experiment. Procuring a human leg from the Royal Infirmary, he had it dressed it up in a slocking, shoe, and buckle, and sent it through the town by the town crier, who exhibited it aloft io public view, proclaiming it had been found last night in Walter Ross's grounds, at Stock- fa ridge, offering to restore it to the dis consolate owner. Aftrr this, no one everattempied to break Into falsgrounds. 