MR. OKLl/s MANUSCRIPT, When Mr. Gell called upon us, on the subject of " the Manuscript," we promised liim, as our ouly objcct in adducing bis unexceptionable testimony was to show how unmerited was the abuse which had been so unsparingly lavished upon us for having justified Captain Montagu's assertion to the Secretary of State, that Lady Franklin was, to adopt the Courier's definition, "Comptroller-General of the affairs of the colony," we should proceed no further with the manuscript. We have kept our word. The Courier has nevertheless come forth, with one of his highest sublimated effusions of abuse, for that we dared to do what, again we say, we are perfectly convinced our con, temporary would have done, had he succeeded in obtaining the means. In treating this single point, we perhaps committed one error; but we assert positively that it was unintentional, and arose entirely from the difficulty in that matter of prosopceiaihg the Courier for the individual. It would have been certainly more correct (we make the avowal to set ourselves right with ourselves alone—liberamus animas nostras) not to have named the individual connccted with the Courier who applied to borrow the manuscript ; but was there one single word even in disparagement, much less personally abusive of the individual named ? Not a syllable. Nevertheless, we are free to avow, it would undoubtedly have been sufficient to have stated the fact; and our firm belief is, we still insist, that had the Courier become possessed of the manuscript, nothing—not all that Spartan virtue and generosity for which (as we shall come to by-aiid-bve) our contemporary is so eminently distinguished could have prevented his having recourse to it, finding, as he would have done, much to bear out many of his own assertions which have been treated as not possessing the best authority. That we had a just right to use the same fair means, for the same fair purpose, we have already said we have satisfied every candid and fairly-judging observer. As to how we were so enabled, we are quite content with even the Courier's version, our contemporary himself, in his extreme repletion of abuse of us, not charging us with having unfairly been so enabled. As to the use we have made of the manuscript, we again press upon his recollection, that we have touched not one word of remark, ob servation, or opinion upon any Eingle private subject, or private individual; ,we have limited ourselves strictly to what, we repeat, every fairly-judging mind admits we were fairly entitled to do—oUr own vindication, as respects an assertion which we had vindicated Captain Montagu iu making, and ourselvei in repeating. Not to have done so would have indeed exhibited that " rura avis" of which the Courier speaks. To fall into the blunder of being provoked by personal abuse into gratifying a morbid appetite for what, while its production would be abused, would itself be greedily devoured and delighted in, would be indeed fighting the enemy's battle. The Courier may abuse to his heart's content; instead of going back only thirty-two years, he may tiikc the whole of a long life, in which, whatever may have been its errors, and they have indeed been many, we defy the very utmost malice to produce one single instance effecting injury to any human being,theindividual himself alone excepted. But is there not something a little unusual amongst Englishmen, for any newspaper, or indeed any man, to erect himself into an inquisition, before which to call any other to enter upon an investigation of the events of his life ? Is every man in the colony prepared to go through occurrences —to rake up after so many years, events, persons, and circumstances, which at the time, aud on the spot, had undergone the fullest investigation, and received the most satisfactory explanation ? Is this treatment which Englishmen here (we make no limit as to position) are prepared to be subjected to, at the pleasure of any newspaper, admitting, for that fact must be pre-supposed, that that newspaper is pre-eminent in purity— the Grand Turk himself in authority ? Has even such an one a right to make private life, be it exemplary, or be it censurable, the continued subject of reference, whenever the power of intellect or the weight of argument mav fail ? Yet even this assumption of elsewhere unheard of power, frigh tfully detestable . „ „ as it is, we readily amene to, and again we defy I the Courier to produce one Eingle human I being who can even complain of haviug been treated by us—we will not say unjustly, we will take the largest field—we will say unkindly I Of the converse it is not for us to epeak; but we may say that heavy mortgage interest, arising, as is well known, from liabilities for others, affords a strong memorandum. But let us admit that the writers in the Courier are all that is mora], religious, noble-minded, generous—in a word, purityia- perfectioi> itself—that the individuality of the writers in the Review is the very antithesis to this (we should like to see what would be said of such a comparison in regard to the writers in the London Press), doth it magnify the very shadow of a ghost in favour of the arguments adduced by either? So long as argument is untouched, the choicest flowers of Billingsgate leave the subject under discussion exactly where it was, bringing only the Press itself into disrepute for having recourse to so unmanly a method of warfare, which Mr. Gell takes occasion expressly and expreewvely tb oenwire t if the Courier wishes we will insert tbe passage. No 2 no! our contemporary roay.tranquillise his real or pretended wrath! He may rest assured, BE has been often told him. that " viUficatiou is not argument"—that it is a weapon which invariably re-acts upon those who use it, however adept they may be iii its amiable exercise—a weapoD, which like " the knife," the naturally generous feeling of Englishmen views invariably with abhorrence. Unheard of as ia such a method of estimating comparative newspaper merits, yet as abuse will not injure us with Englishmen, so will it not in the very slightest degree disturb our equanimity, or drive us from pursuing " the calm and even tenor of our way." Those who can safely defy any single human being to complain of them may he indifferent to calumny. When we adduced Mr. Gell's testimony (again and again he it expressly recollected, on a great public question, and on that only), knowing as we did how we should be assailed for so doing, we stated that we should never aid in a course exhibiting so miserable a want of decency and understanding as personal abuse. We are incapable of such a departure from the ordinary customs of 'civilised life. In such a mode of warfare, silent contempt is the most appropriate reply. Lord Brougham, Mr. Hume, and Mr. O'Connell, assert that they are the " best abused" men in each of the three kingdoms respectively; and certainly there are no epithets of vilification which have cot been applied to all of them. It would be indeed an adaptation of the " si parva licet componere magnis," for us to say that we have had full measure of similar treatment. We have been compelled (and we apologise for it, for the public take no interest in such matters either wny) to this public vindication of private affairs. We make it, certainly not so much upon our own account (for we are perfectly indifferent to abuse), as upon that of others, who are faEt approaching that period of life when, a very short time to come, some little personal apprehension may be perhaps entertained of ' the possible consequences of wounding feelings by personal vilification. The following little remark in the last received Sydney Australian is certainly well deserving notice by the Press here, as well I . „ ° »,.,,. as at Port Phlhp.— Australia Ftlii /—Rather call the province Australia Infclix, tor idle quarrels, and vexatious ' bickerings arc all the records which are placed . before the public through tho medium of tho I various journals. Wo are, however, able to ! gather from private sources, that productive ; industry in tho bush countervails (he unprofitable doings in the city, and that -tho exports of beef, i tallow, hides, and bark for the current year, pro- I mise to be effected on a vcrv extended scale. If ; the proprielors ofthe Port Phillip papers would j devote their columns to useful discussions on tho available resources of the district, in place of making them the depositories of abusive tirades ' and gross personalities, wo should look forward , with much interest for the receipt of our weekly | files. As it is, we can make no exiracts from ; those received by the overland mail on Saturday, which could afford our readers the slightest gra- 