ABSENCE OF MIND, T)c Macnish mentions the ca*e of tha Tt<»r. G-orwe Harvest, o e of the Minister* of Thame*' Ditton, otiose idea* wre so often conf used that lie would write a letter t*» one person, address it to a second, and send it to a third, lie was once on the eve of being married to the ' bishop's dauilih-r, when, having gone a gudgeon fishing lie forgot the cue inistunce, and overs aid the couoaii*: 1 hour, whicii so offended the lady that she indignantly broke off the match. If a beggar happened totak" «»lf Ins lint to Iiiiii in the street, in hopes of teeeiving alms, he would make him a how, tell him lie was his m <st humble servant, and walk on. lie has been known on Sunday to forget the days on which he was to oflfeiatr, mid would walk into the church with his gun under his arm, to ascertain what the people wanted there. Once, when he was playing at backgunmon, he poured ou a glass of wine, ami, it being his turn to tlmiw, having • lie box in one hand and the gla»s in the other, and be* nig extremely dry, and unwilling to lose any time, he •wallowed down both the dice, aud discharged the wine upon the dice board. A certain absent member ot Congress was so «b«orb°d hi his political reflections, that he one morning sluve.l himself with a sinall-tooih comb, and combed his hsad with a razor ! ' in another occasion this gentleman w.i* observed to put his spoon into his mouth, aud stir up his g.og with a cigar! lu some respects, La Fontaine was not unlike Oliver Goldsmith; both were forgetful, generous, unaffected. The French poet almost forgot he had a wite ; ami when h s friends told him it was a shnine to absent him self from her, piomised to Call and see her. 'I ho servant, not knowing him, arid she was gone to church ; upon which he returned to Paris in the company of his iriends. Bring one day at a house, his son came in ; hut not haviug seen him for some time, he did not re cognise hitn. but remarked to some of the company that he thought him a very promising fad. H«w<« told this promising lad was his own son. u Alia 1" ex claimed the poet, ''upon my soul I'm eery glad to hear it." The early symptoms of insanity in Mr Eugene Mar* timer Tropps Wete the following:—Upon one occasion lie boi'eil his umbrella, and in the middle of dinner bawled out most vociferously fur more green". He once seated himself on the kitchen fire with his lap full of coals and asked the cook fir tin bellows. On a washing day, he walked ahaut the kitchen in pattens, a id had a strong desire to get into the copper to bubble with the family linen, lie always buttoned down a cut in hit coat pocket, with a supply of bread and miik, as lie said the hou*/ was overrun with varmint. When he dined alone, he generally had turbot. or salmon; but when he inv'ted his friends, he gave them roach, dace, barbel, wircli he considered a luxury, and It s friends were generally halfchoked before the second course «ti It the small bones of the pond tribe. He was ori ginally in trade, and had a great respect for vouchers for the smallest sum—so that if a beggar came to his door, he had an audience with him in the ptrlour, and drew a cheque for sixpence, st'iking out 'or beare ' in order that the medicant should go in person to his bunkers, to annoy the clerks, and teach them regularity even in the sirallesi sums. He never to^k snuff but on Sundays, although he had a cellar full. He con* sidered himself a literary man, and wrote a treatise on the game bubble-puppy, which he dedicated to George the Fourth, and sent to the Editor of the Literary (ia xette, with a cheque for £59 ; the same was re'urned to him greatly to his annoyance. He then resolved to pub* iish, and get the book entered at Stationers' Hud. in rummaging over an ancient bureau of his aunt's, he dis covered divers bottles of medicine which he drank by instalments, lest it should be wasted, but lie never took medicine afterwards. The late Dr. Roger Long, the famous astronomer, walking'one dark evening with Mr ltonfoy, in Cain* bridge, and the latter coming to a short post fixed in tiie pavement, which in the earnestness of conversation he took to be a bay standing in his way, said, hastily, " Get out of my way, boy !" " That boy," said the doctor, very calmly, "is* post-boy, Sir, whenever turns out ut hu way lor anybody." Wliv are (nine ladies thevery opposite of their-oi»r rors ? ft>cau«e the one reflects without talking, and the other i«!k« without r«Ai*etiig. 'I he newspap-rs at t'mee hate odd thing* in fhern; amongst the »>lwrli«rai«uti in a late Lon ion paper, «e rend that '• Two xiiten want wstthing'nnd that a rpin* «wr, pariieolarlv fond «»fchildren, withesforUtoor three, hating none of her own, or ang^ther employment. We have seen an actor play Hamlet it die ghost scene with so little sense of ^propriety aa not only to draw bi« swordf-aecprdiug toistage practice, hut aciu-d'y to threaten ami make alungeat the parental apparition with the naked weapon. Nothing-ran he in wnr*e taste M*rrellu«t it ia true, offers to- etiikeat the royAt plmitom with hie partisan, but »'•« net, though a •im*. whai dtslotnl, is not tintiiial. But, in Hamlet,-the *00 uf the -hade, the attempt at violence is unuatura' and parricidal, and-totally at variance with hi*.character, lie shrinks frooi bloodshed, though >supernatjirally<en* joined, and remembeia the ties of kindred. Witnes* Ira extreme reluctance to.kill his uncls; whereas-a man who tries to.stab a ghost will assuredly- slicA at nothing. i —1 he*. Meed Mme MtmutiyjorJulp. 