TO THE PRESBYTERIANS OF NEW SOXJTH WALES. Christian Fuiendb and jj rethrew —As I am sincerely desirous that every act of mine, as a member ol tlie Legislature of this Colony, should be perfectly trans parent, whether as regards its motives or its object, I beg to explain to you the nature mid object ol a din which u is my intention- to bring in during the present Session of the Legislative Council, for the repeal of certain Acts commonly called the Presbyterian Church Temporalities Acts ol 1837, 1838, and 1840. In the year 183G, an Act called The General Church Act" was passed by the lale Legislative Council, at the instance of that great statesman Sir Richard Bourke; and as 1 left the colony for Euglaud on the 29tlt of July ol that year, the very day on which that Act was passed, it never entered into my mind that another act, for the Presbyterian Church exclusively, would he passed during my absence — especially as I was the oldest minister of the body, and as tny congrega tion at the time was more numerous than all the others put together, ft never struck me, indeed, that any such law was neces sary ; for I havo always been of opinion that, whether a Church receives State sup port or not, tho less of civil legislation there is about it the better. If it cannot stand without such legislation, it ought to fall, lain not singular in this opinion i; forthe Roman Catholics, \ylio are a much more numerous denomination than 'we are, and the Wesley an Methodists, who both receive Statu support, have found the General Church Act quite sufficient for their pur pose; and if bolh of these bodies can sub- sist nnu prosper WIUIOIU special legislation, I consider it disgraceful to! Presbyterians to have it said that they cannot do so also. A Presbyterian Church Temporalities Act, however, was passed in September, 1837; but as it very soon occasioned great dissensions in the Presbyterian Church, which would never otherwise have been heard of, niul gave prodigious trouble to the Local Government, besides subjecting various ministers to great hardship, u tem porary Act to amend it bad to he passed in 1S38, and a second in 1840 ; after it had subjected mo to the necessity of going home to England, for the filth lime, in 1830 But the late disruption at home having divided the clergy of the Church o( Scot land into State-Church and Free Church men, of whom the latter are no longer con nected with; the State; and the majority of lire Presbyterian- ministers here being Free Churchmen, ns they give out themselves, a further change in. the law .has become iu- dispepsnbly neeesstiry, otherwise these men can no longer hold their Church property and their Government salaries with a clear conscience. The most prominent Free Cliiiiclimtm in, the body, agreeably to their own professions both public and private, are the Rev, .Messrs. Tail, of Pavramatta ; M' I n tyre, of Maithuul ; Hetherington, ol Singleton ; and Forbes, of Melbourne. 'Under. tlie. law, as it now stands, these men have nil forfeited their Church property aiid salaries, Tliey are, therefore, in illegal pos- sessiou, in virtue of u mere' alias, of 'what they have no right to under the present law; and they are consequently liable to be turned out whenever tliey are brought up for examination in the usual place, aud their true character, as Free Churchmen, ascertained, . What then, I ask, is to lie done for the relief of these Sciits -worthies, who would fain liavo alt the credit .of martyrdom hut who grudge the cost ? Why, it I were in clined to reward - evil lor evil, and chose; to visit upon certain of these gentlemen itheir sins towards me, I would say of them, as thtu. writer of elegant English, Mr. Francis Kcmblc , once said ol ltis liiend Mr. Childe and his son, with whom he happened to be at variance at the time, "Let them all hang together;" let the law have its course; let them suffer mnrtyrdom, in their pockets at least, if they like it. ' But as. I have no wish to return evil for evil, I say no such tiling. I soy merely, let the Presbyterian Church Acts he repealed, and then the good men will be free to declare themselves either Free Churchmen or State Churchmen as they please, and retain their Church pro perty and salaries notwithstanding. If such an offer had been made to Dr. Chalmers and his friends at home — to become Free Churchmen and retain their churches,' manses, and stipends notwithstanding — how gladly tliey would have grasped at it ! But the Scots ivorthics here are not con tent with mere freedom for themselves and the continued enjoyment of all their present auvaiJUies ; luey uiuaiuisxj uuvu uit? meuua of oppressing and tyrannizing over their neighbours ! With this view, tliey have drawn up a fourth Presbyterian Church Temporalities Bill, with what they consider all the requisite amendments, extending to not fewer than forty clauses ; of which they have sent a copy to each minister of their body. Of course it would be out of the question to think of printing even a tenth part of this precious document, of which I obtained a copy by sheer accident. J shall therefore merely extract its sling ; which, as in the case of tlie scorpions mentioned in the Revelations, is in its tail — iu the 39th clause or section to wit, by far the shortest in the let. It is to tho following effect : — " And be it enacted that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the aforesaid Synod of Australia in connection with the Established Church of Scotland from changing its name and designation ." Now, as the other clauses of the proposed Bill are all designed to subject all church property, salaries, trusteeships, &c.;, to the absolute authority and control of the Synod, or governing body, the evident object of this clause is to enable the Free Churchmen, as soon as they find themselves a decided niajoiity, as I believe tliey are at present, to change the name and designation of that body into " Tlie Synod oi' Australia in connection with the Free Church of Scot land." But what would be the effect of this change ? Why, as there are several State Churchmen in the colony — Dr. M'Garvie, for instance, whom tlie Free V/il ill LiJIiJcii littVc Uccil IdUUUi 1119 UJUllU ineffectually, to get rid of for years past — they would tbeu have it in their power to compel these men to declare forthe Free Church, against their consciences, or forfeit their salaries if they refused. In short, the Free Churchmen wish not merely to obtain freedom for themselves, but to have an instrument of tyranny and oppression to apply to other people whenever tliey may think fit ! But men of such dispositions generally overshoot their mailt. For the real effect of the clause proposed would be totally different from the one contemplated and de sired by its framers. For notwithstanding such a clause, so soon as the majority of the Synod had placed the body iu connection with the Free Church, the State Church men, although a minority, »jultl immedi ately thereafter reconstitute it under the old name if they pl- ased, and oust every one of them. The law could never recognise any body, however formed or constituted, but the one named in words at length on the face of the Act. I knew a case exactly in point in the United Slates of America, where it might be supposed the law would be much more favourable to the acts of majoriii.es> . It is detailed at length in my .Book on America.. But do " the wise men of Gotham" who framed this precious bill really suppose that there is so little common sense remaining in the Legislative Council, as to give power to a body corporate to change .its name, and retain its rights and powers notwithstanding, without specifying what the new name is to be ? The tiling is absurd. My proposal is simply to repeal all tlie Presbyterian Church Acts together, nnd leave the body— Free Churchmen, and Stale Churchmen -indiscriminately— to the; ope-' ration ofthe General Church Act of 1830 ;' of which I subjoin a copy; that you may all judge for yourselves as to.- whether; it is not perfectly sufficient. for the. Presbyterian denomination, as it hits hitherto 'proved for the 'Roman Culholies and Wesley lin Me thodism respectively. Had there been no other act in operation in 1838, the dissen- sions of the Presbyterian Church, which made so much noise in the colony at that period, and occasioned so much hardship to individuals, besides giving the Govern ment so much unnecessary trouble, would never have been heard of ; and a mere vote of the Synod would have been perfectly sufficient to have connected it with the Free Church, after the late disruption at home, if it had so pleased the majority. In that case, indeed, I confess I should never have been a member of the Legislative Council. But Divine Providence seems to have so ordered matters in this respect, as . to send me into that body, like " their old friend's ghost," to trouble certain people whom I will not name, but who, during their own period of brief authority, troubled me more than enough. But, to use the old Scotch proverb, " The king may come frhn wvti/V nt IfiCfr. mv VUU0LI O I uuvi in. If it should be alleged that I must have some strong personal interest in this matter, I have ho hesitation in acknowledging that the repeal of the Presbyterian Church Tem poralities Acts would set at rest the question as to whether I and my congregation have not an exclusive right to the property of our own Church; to which it is well known the Synod-people have not only been laying claim of late, but giving out, what I confess is by no means improbable, that the Go vernment are strongly' disposed to lend them every assistance — for they don't like me, as is well known. But to use the lan guage of his Excellency the Governor on some occasion in the late LegislutiveCnuncil, " I don't care five farthings" either for the Government or the Synod, or for both to gether, in this matter; as I am quite con fident the property can he easily defended against theui bolh. My personal interest in the matter, therefore, is very small. But having all along regarded these Acts as uncalled for, unnecessary, bad and mis chievous iu the extreme, I deem it my bonnden duty, as the friend of civil and religious liberty, especially in the present crisis when some change- must be made, to labour for their entire repeal. Should I be overruled in that measure, which, however, I do not anticipate ; and should the amended Bill above-mentioned be proposed, I am determined to oppose it at every stage, and to make those members of Council who may take it under their wing heartily sick of it before' they get it " barfed through" the Council. They I'!>niint cllllt m tr ivinirlK lTtxnrt if Tlioir WMUtlVK UltUV kAJ tltVUbti U|JU1I Jit X MCJ cannot prevent me from inflicting a speech upon them, and perhaps half a dozen, for every clause of the 'entire forty. And in the event of its passing, they cannot pre vent me from transmitting a protest against it, as a member of Council, through the Secretary ofState, both to, Sir James Graham and to the General Assembly of the Slate Church at home ; calling upon them to get her Majesty to disallow it, -which of course they would be most happy to do, and leave the Free Churchmen to the pressure of the present law. As,. their real friend, there fore, I advise the Free Churchmen to make a, virtue of necessity, and to be content with freedom for themselves and the enjoyment of their Church property and saluries with out molestation. This they may get at once- by consenting to a repeal of the Acts ; but if they grasp at more, by pressing on their precious Bill to enable them to oppress and tyrannize over other people, they may not obtain even this, but be turned out with dishonour themselves, and have tlieir State Church places occupied by and bye by. a dozeu of half- starved "Dominie Samsons'' of the State Church from home. Trusting then that you will, in such cir cumstances, acknowledge . the prudence as well as the propriety of recommending to the Council the repeal of the existing Acts, I nun. Christian friends and brethren, Your sincere friend and well-wisher, JOHN DUNMORE LANG. P.S.— It is not true, as is asserted by Dr. Fullerton : in a letter published in the Herald on Monday last, that I wrote the Editorial article quoted from the Port Phillip Patriot in your last number. - I never wrote' a syllable' of it.— J. D. L. 