DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. ST. JAMES'S PAROCHIAL ASSO- CIATION. ON Friday evening, pursuant to notice, the meeting of the above Association was held in the Grammar School, Phillip-street. The at- tendance of pew- hnlders and parishioners, which had been requested, was not so nume- rous as had been expected, but the assemblage was nevertheless highly respectable and creditable to tbe parish. The Lord Bishop of Australia occupied the chair, and His Lord- ship the Bishop of Tasmania occupied a seat cn his right which had been elevated for the purpose. Immediately on taking the chair, the Bishop of Australia, in accordance with the custom and rules of the Association, opened the meeting by prayers, appointed to be used on these occasions. The Secretary of the Parochial Association then lead the report, which was as follows : RETORT. The Committee of the St. James'* Paro- chial Association, in submitting their first leport of the proceedings of the Society, regret that in consequence of the long con- tinued depression in the monetary affairs of the eolony, the Association is not in so pros- perous a condition as they could wish. The Association was formed in October 1342, and the following rules were unani- mously approved and adopted for ita guidance ; " The Society shall be called the St. James's Parochial Association, having for its objects the promotion of the interests of religion, in conformity with the doctrines and discipline of the Church of England. " The Association shall be under the ma- nagement of a President, Treasurer, Secretary, and Committee of fifteen members, with power to add to their numbers, five of whom shall be sufficient to transact business. " The Minister ot St. James aball be .* oflicio President of the Association. "The subscription for members shall be OB* shilling per month, but donationa to a greater or less amount will be received. " The Committee shall meet on the aecond Monday in every month at the vestry room at 7 P.M. " The form of prayer to be used at the com- mencement of all the proceedings of the Asso- ciation to be, " The" Collect * Prevent us, Ob tord.* " The second Collect for Good Friday. "TheLord's Prayer. "The proceedings to conclude with the Apostolical Benediction." From the causes above mentioned, after enrolling sixty-three subscribers, and receiving the sum of £23, tha Committee considered it desirable to suspend their exertions for a tima, more particularly as no immediate call upon the funds of the Association for any paro- chial purposes had been found necessary. The Lord Bishop of the Diocese, however, having signified tbatit would not be any longer in his power to defray the payment of the As- sistant Minister of the parish, out of the funda of the Society for the Propagation of the Gos- pel in Foreign Patts, the Committee have felt it incumbent upon them to take immediate steps to bear this charge out of the funda of the Parochial Association, end they confi- dently appeal to their fellow-parishioners to come forward and assist in effecting this and other objects of the association, amongst which they would particularly mention the promotion of sound religious education. The Report having been read. The Right Reverend CHAIRMAN said, tha * ihis meeting having been called for a reli- gious purpose, had been commenced aa it should be with prayer to that Being, whose assistance was needed in order to enable those who were desirous of doing ao, to carry on the work which had been en- trusted to them as Christians. He should have been happy to have seen a more nu- merous attendance than was now before him; but the respectability, and consequent in- fluence, of those who were present, would have no inconsiderable influence, if that influença was properly directed in effecting the objecta for which the Parochial Association of St. James's was formed. He would observe, that the name of the Society whose claims he waa about to advocate was well chosen. It was called the Parochial Association ; and thereby indicated the mode in which the resources of the Society wero to be appropriated. The ByBtem of the Church of England waa essentially parochial ; the Church en- trusted to one person, or parson, the spiritual care of each district into which the Church thought proper to divide the country, and that person was the spiritual representative of those who were committed to his charge. In the language of our fore- fathers, the eloquent expression of which could not be excelled, if equalled, to that person was committed the cure of soula and one object of this Association waa to provide sufficient means to support clergymen for the cure of sauls. Again it was an object of this Association, and of similar asociations, which had been formad to preserve unity in Christ's Church, and if aver it was necessary that an association for such a purpose should exist, it was at this time, and in this country, more necessary now than ever. In this colony, parishes wera not incorporated as in the mother country, theie wfiB here no perpetual sucetssion of clergymen, churchwardens, and others bear- ing office in the church, as in the mother country; many might be the advantagea which would accrue if such was the case, but it was not so, and therefore it behoved all those who were true Christians, who had the interests of the present, and of future generations, and of the Church at heart, to form themselves into corporations, in order to secure and to advance the intereita of that Church until the laws of the colony made such provision for its permanent es- tablishment as had been made centuries ago in the mother country. He would now allude briefly to tbe objects of the Association, a* stated in the Report which had been sub- mitted to the meeting. The first of these was to provide a salary for an assistant minister for the parish of St. James, sCIäO per annum ; in considering this pro- position, the parishioners must look to the extont of the parish, the amount of the popu- lation, and the consequently arduous duties which devolved upon the minister of the church. None that considered them could say that there was not much more to ba done than could be performed by one individual ; and he was equally sure that not one present would wish that such an amount of labour should be laid upon the minister of this parish, as to deprive them of the present incumbent Mr. Allwood, the President of this Association, whose absence he re- gretted to state was caused by one of the two frequent recurrences of an illness to which that gentleman was subject. That absence, while he regretted its causa, afforded bim an opportunity of speaking more freely of the merits of that gentleman, than he should have been able to do had he been present ; but ho knew well that he should only be saying what all around bim felt and responded to, in stating that Mr. Allwood'« integrity of life and cha- racter, his kind, affectionate, and able per- formance of his Christian duties, and the purity and soundness of the doetrinea which he endeavoured to inculcate, bad won for him the sincere attachment of all those who were in the habit of hearing him ; and he felt convinced, that rather than lose one who had done as much, nay more, he might say, than any minister, to gain their affections and to deserve them rather than cast upon him more labour than he could perform, they would themselves undergo some self-denial, in order to give him that assistance to the performance of the re» ligious duties of the parish which he unques- tionably required. He would now allude to the second object of the Association, namely, the education of children in connexion with tha Church of England. In calling the attention of those present and of the parishioner* je-i nerally to this highly overwhelming important; subject, he would remind them that in ,thej mother country no provision had ever been! made by the Slate for tho education of the poor in connexion with (he Church. '^ The national .society had made extrap'edinary exertions, Amt all that .had Jjeen done was from privat« contributions ; the fund of this society had gone on increasing for a number of years, and had at leng h reached by an extraordinary exertion to £90,000, and he was bound to state that the clergy were as four to one in this con- tribution ; he felt bound, as he had said, to state this, in order to refute the statements which had been made that the clergy were in- different or neglectful, or divided on the matter. He hoped that the same spirit which had been evinced in the mother country would be shown here also, and he would take this opportunity of thanking those friends who, during his unavoidable absence from this portion of his diocese, had resisted, and that successfully, the introduction of a system of education affecting some of the essential doctrines of Christianity and of the Church of England. Ile felt assured that should the attempt be renewed to reduce the sacred scheme of Christianity as propounded by the Church of England, tbere would be found a reserve of force to refute it. He bad felt it becoming in him to offer these few observations, more especially in the presence of his Right Reverend friend and brother of Tasmania, who he was sure would be gratified in finding himself sur- rounded by so respectable an assemblage. This meeting was an earnest of better things ; it abowed that the time-hallowed Church of England was yetrespectedinhcrcolonics. Not two years since, in this same place, another Bishop had met them, one whose name he need not mention, well worthy of the office to which he had been called-one worthy of the early ages of the primitive Christian Church-one to whom he hoped that the prayers which had been offered up this night would have some weight with the Almighty, to afford the sup- port, the shield, the guide, which he must require in the great Missionary undertaking which had been entrusted to his charge. In conclusion, he would say, that he hoped, that a year would not elapse before in this same room, those present would be assembled with the three Bishops of the southern hemisphere. At that time it would be their duty to compare notes, to see what had been done in their different dio- ceses : and he hoped that the members of the Church in bis diocese would not put him to the blush by doing less, and thereby prevent- ing him from rendering so good an account as bis 'brethren who had been appointed to preside over the Church in the sister colonies. He was anxious, too, that his Right Reverend brother who was now present should carry with him a favourable impression as to tboae whom he had visited : and he would assure all present that his wai an opinion which for good it was well worth gaining. He had spent the greater portion of his life in the performance of parochial duties ; he came to this new world with the confidence and highest friendship of the Primate of the Church, which he had ac- quired by his'ifaithful service in that Church, to which service indeed he owed the high station which he now held. His Lordship, after some further observations, by way of exhortation to those present, called upon the ( mover of the firet resolution. I _ Mr. T. W. CAPE, in moving the first resolu- tion, said that he was somewhat surprised when he was requested to do so, not being now a parishioner ; but the reasons which had been given were satisfactory, and he had very great pleasure in now proposing the resolu- tion, although not a parishioner now, he had been one of the oldest ; he had seen the foun- dation stone of this parish church laid, and felt as deeply interested as any person could in the welfare of the parishioners. He trusted that the laity of the Church would assist their ministers in carrying out the object of the Association, and that when the next meeting wai held, it would be to announce that the objects for which the Association was tormed had been carried out, and that the parishion- ers of St. James's had responded to the call now made upon them. He would now pro Eose the resolution which had been placed in is hands, which was " That the funds of the association for the current year be appropriated to the payment of the stipend of the Assistant Clergyman of St. James, and the promotion of education in the principle« of the Church of England." Mr. SILLITOB seconded the resolution. He regretted the absence of the Reverend Presi- dent, as he would have been able to explain why the objects, for which the Committee had been appointed, had been held in abeyance during the past year, (t was because there was no particular purpose to which to apply their funds. Lest it should go forth, however, that the parish- ioners of St. James were wanting in proper spirit; he would observe that the voluntary contributions made by the parishioners and attendants at St. James's Church during the past year hadamonnted to £1300, and he was sure that if more were required the parish- ioners would not be found wanting. St. James's parish had not required all its funds during the past year, but had been able to assist other parishes, and now that funds were Wanted he waa aure that the parishioners world cheerfully respond to the appeal now made. Mr. C. KBHP said, that the twofold objects embraced in the resolution, scarcely rendered it necessary that more should be said. The numerom and wealthy inhabitants of the parish would of course support their own curate : it wai only right that they should do so.' Hitherto, *? 150 a year had been supplied for that purpose from the funds of that noble institution to which the residents in British Colonies are io much indebted, the Society for Propagating the Gospel, the calla on which have increased to such a degree, that last year it expended £35,000 more than its income. With respect to education, he thought it was right that Churchmen should, on all occasion! be warned that it is quite possible, although he hoped not probable, that they may he called Upon to take upon themselves the entire support of their schools, that is, that a system of education may be established Under such regulations that Churchmen cannot avail themselves of it ; if this were the case, then they must support their own schools. It had been asserted, and . placed in the records of the colony, that the system of education hitherto pursued has been a failure : be denied this ; he knew something of the schools in their immediate neighbourhood, and he asserted that so far ftom failing, several hundred children were receiving an education in everyway adapted for the sta- tions of life to which they were likely to be called) before so grave and serious a charge was made, it would have been well to enquire into the state of the schools ; but this had j not been done. With respect to the system pursued at these schools it resembled that of the National Society in England, which had ] been most successful in proportion to its means. When the disturbances took place in England in August, 1842, enquiries were made, and it was found that no person ' who had ever been in a Church of England Sunday or day school, took the least part in ' them. [Mr. K. quoted several extracts from the Society's 32nd Report in proof of this as- ' lertion.] He would again repeat, that the system waa not a failure ; and he hoped that should any system be introduced which they could not conscientiously agree to, they would at once form a fund and support their own schools. The LOKD BISHOP OF TASMANIA, having been called upon by the Bishop of Australia, said, that, as a total stranger to nearly all in the room, except the family of his Right Reverend friend and brother, he should have considered it more decorous to have remained silent on this occasion had he not been directly called upon. He was not prepared indeed to speak at all on the subject of the Association, al he knew nothing whatever of it, and all the information he now possessed bad been gathered from what had passed in the room this evening. It appeared, how- ever, that the object of the Association was twofold, namely, to provide an additional clergyman'for their parish, and secondly, to proniot» education in connexion with the Church of England. As a member of Christ's Holy Catholic Church, and as a bishop ofthat Church, he need not say how fully he accorded with those objects. In any country such un- dertaking would be noble and Chiistinn-likc; here, where those establishing them were ' surrounded with peculiar difficu,lt,ie8, and had to surmount great obstacles which did not I exist in any other part of the world, auch I associations were of tenfold value, The first I object now proposed,at he had before laid, waa to make provision for an additional minister for their church; and the duty to perform which that minister was required, was to carry out to its fullest extent the proper reformation rule, namely-to have daily service in the Church. He knew that in these troublous times some would say that the daily service was only ,-i repetition of stated forms, idle and valueless ; but could they fail to recollect who first sanctioned forms of prayer 1 Could they forget that their Lord himself twice provided forms of prayer for his disciples ; had pro- vided a prayer for all those who choie to apply to bim-a prayer which comprehended all the possible wants of human creatures ? The beautiful liturgy of the Church, which might so appropriately be termed the Daugh- ter of the Bible, from which a large portion of it was taken-that liturgy which had been handed down to us from the ages of primitive Christianity, when all was unity in the Church. That Li'urgy contained prayers adapted to every imaginable position in which man could-be placed, ana it was to enable those prayers to be offered up without interruption, day by day, that they were now called upon to provide the means of supporting another clergyman, and surely they would not refuse to do it. The performance of the daily service in the Church was not the only object ; he had been engaged in parochial duties in various parts of the world ; it had been his lot to teach the word of truth to high and to low, to rich and poor, to those who were duly impressed with the importance of religion, to those who were ignorant, and reckless, and obstinate against all efforts which were made for their good. And there was no class, no state of society which did not require the constant and vigi- lant attention of the ministers of the Church. Arguments were frequently drawn, to aecount for crime in London, the metropolis of the mother country, from the spiritual destitution which thereexisted; and all the remark* which applied to the metropolis of England applied equally to every colonial metropolis. Emi- grants came here for worldly purposes ; some came because they could obtain no livelihood at home, others to better their worldly con- dition, but none came to improve tbeir spi- ritual condition ; many too it should be re- membered received little or no spiritual instruction at home, and they did not improve here, nay some sunk to a ititi lower ebb than in the mother country ; how much more then were additional clergymen required on this account, and it one or two or four were provided, the labourers would not be too many ; he spoke from experience ; he had witnessed some appalling instances, the con- sequence of neglect of religion in youth ; and he was sure that he need not urge upon them tht! performance of the Christian duty, the privilege of supporting ministen of the Church. None but those who had been parochial mi- nisters could judge of the extent of labour such a minister was called upon to perform, and none but parochial ministers could have experience of the spiritual ignorance and recklessness which prevailed amongst those who had not been under the proper guidance of the Church. As he before said, he had seen some appalling instances; he would mention one or two ; a woman aged seventy was taken up almost in a state of inanition, on the road side ; she was conveyed to the Workhouse at Sevenoaks, in Kent; after her physical condition had been lorne« what improved, it was found that she was in a most lamentable state of mind as to religion. It became his duty to visit her. On being asked if she believed in God ; she laid, she believed she did.-Had she heard of Jesue Christ ? Yes, when a little girl eight or nine years old.-What had he done for her? Nothing. God never did anything for me I She had never heard of the Holy Ghost Another case was that of a woman who, al- though she had at one time been in a better state, presented a more appalling spectacle than the one before alluded to. She bad de- clared that if any minister were brought to her sho would swear him out of the room ; he knew his duty, however, and went to her, mid by perseverance he r">t her to listen to him. She admitted that she was doing wrong, that it would be better if she could repent, but she said there was some irresistible power which prevented her doing so, and this woman died with curses on her Tips. These cases occurring in England* showed that there was spiritual destitution even there. The clergy, however, were not to blame, but a large body of those professing to be Christians, who, however, failed in affording any assist- ance to the ministers of the Church. Such casca were solemn warnings held out by God ; and their occurrence could be prevented altogether by the proper carrying out the parochial system. The question was, bow the system was to be carried outt - By the Church; yes, but'the laity must remember that they were of the Church, also the strongest portion of the Church, and if they were to do their duty asChristians, such cases as he had described, would be more unfre quent than they were. The gentleman who, spoke last-he could not speak of him by name, for in good truth he knew it not-'bad made some remarks in which he most cor- dially agreed, namely, that general and more strcneous exertions should be made by the i bulk of the members of the Church for the promotion of education, in conformity with the principles of that Church. He found, from his short experience of these colonies, that the great bulk were too much disposed to rely upon the State. It was not so with the Primitive Church. The Primitive Chris- tians exercised some self-denial t they> worked with tneir own hands, and relied not upon any other assistance. By associ- ations of this kind, the greatest good might be effected. The time had now passed, and he wished it never had been, when the State would support the whole Church, and exclusive of this, the peculiar state of the co- lony, the fact that there were more commu- nions than one recognised by the State, called for the united exertions of the members of the Church of England. If they boasted that they possessed a large majority, that their Church was purer, that it was the true apos- tolic Church, let nut that boast be an idleone ; and that it would be if they left it to the State to exercise alone the duties, the privileges, which belonged to each and every member of the Church. There were some satisfactory facts too brought for ward hy the last speaker. He had stated that none who were of the Church of England were found amongst the rioters who had lately thieatened the mother country; this was a true tale, and an honest boast ; it showed that the Church of Englandwas essentially a peace- ful, loyal Church, and that those who were of her communion were not as others were. In the formation of this and other Parochial As- sociations, he saw the dawn of better things than had heretofore been ; if they went on exerting themselves to the utmost to secure to their little ones trained up in the true faith, they would be doing their duty as Christians as members of the Church, ana they would be laying down principles which would tend to the eternal interest of millions yet unborn, to generation after generation of people of this colony, if it should please God to extend many generations to it. Allusion had been made to the distress and difficulties in which large numbers of persons now were, and be knew that such difficulties did exist. He knew when he arrived in his own diocese, that when pounds and even hundreds were formerly given to the Church, a shilling could not no» be obtained ; people gave then because they wanted it not. He would not enter upon the causes of that distress which did prevail; but it was a melancholy truth that the religious regard which ought to have been paid by Great Britain te her colonial empire, bad not been paid. Thousands and tens of thousand» had come here, 'some cast off from society, others choosing to come, and all had been let go as if they bad no soul to be saved, as though God manifested in the fleib, bad not died for them as for the rest of mankind. It was not impossible that the distress under which this and other colonies was labouring, was part of God's judgment for that neglect of his service. It would be well to come to the wholesome confession that we bad oared too much for the body and wholly neg. lected God,/ralbar than expresa surprise at the visitaiious of his providence. To talk of difncilties, such as now existed, was no sufficient cause or reason for refusing to contribute something to the Church. He had told those, in1 his own diocese, who when asked for contributions, for God's sake, re- plied, that the exigencies of the times would not permit them to contribute, that he could not be satisfied with such answers while he saw luxuries and indulgencies around them. Something might always be found ; the exer- cise of a little self-denial would afford to every man the means of doing something for the Church. They all remembered the history of the widow'* mite in the Bible ; he, if he were collecting for any religious or charitable purpose, would prefer the pence of those who could really not afford to give them, to the hundreds of pound* of those who felt not the want »f it. He did not ask them to give him that which they did not want themselves, but tlat which they must exercise some self-denial to enable them to give ; and those who did not contribute to such pur- poses, did not imitate the example of the widow, but rather of him who when God asked him concerning his brother whom be had slain, replied "am I my brother's keeper t" The good Samaritan when he found the wounded Jew passed not on, although he was of a nation hated and de- spised, but gave him all the aid he could. His right rev. brother had expressed a hope that he would carry back to his own diocese a favourable opinion of the members of the Church here ; he had come here for counsel and assistance, on divers weighty matters, from his right reverend friend and brother ; and ftom his heart he thanked him for the lessens which he had given him. He thanked those present also, for they had taught him a lesson whieh should not be lost upon him. Associa- tions such as this, were unknown in the mother country ; in his own diocese there were nene ; but on his return to that diocese the example set by the parishioners of St. James should not be lost. He would entreat them to go on as they had begun, persevering in the service of God, and carrying out those objects for which they had formed them- selves into an association. After some few further observations the Right Rev. Bishop sat down amidat the continued applause of the meeting. The resolution moved by Mr. Cape was put and carried unauimously. The second resolution was moved by Mr. Purefoy, and seconded by Mr. Kemp, it was as follows : " That the following gentlemen be re- quested te act as the Committee for the cur- rent year:-The Rev. R. Allwood ; the Rev. C. C. Kemp ; Mr. Alderman Broughton, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Driver, Mr. Eldridge, Mr. Joshua Holt, Mr. Sillito», Mr. Hordern, Mr. Ebenezer Orr, Mr. James Orr, Mr. Patten, Mr. Robert Porter, Mr. Rickards, Mr. Smart, and Mr. Watt ; and that Mr. Ebenezer Orr, be requested to act as Secretary, and Mr. Patten, as Treasurer to the Association. The Bishop of AUSTRALIA, in putting the re- solution, observed, that although the resolu- tion might be looked upon as one of course, yet he trusted that the gentlemen who were named in it would not tteat their duties as such ; but that they would exert themselves to carry out the objects for which they were appointed; and he hoped that at the next meeting, the Committee would have to pre- senta much more favourable Report than that which had been read this night. The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. OWEN moved " that the Bishop do leave the chair, and that the same be taken by the honorable Alexander McLeay, Esq." Mr. McLeay having taken the chair, Mr. OWEN in a speech in which he dwelt at length on the honour which had been con- ferred on the meeting by the attendance of their Lordships, and on the pleasure which all must have derived from the address which they had heard, proposed the following reso- lution : "That the thanks of this meeting be respectfully presented to his Lordship the Lord Bishop of Australia for his kindness in taking the chair upon this occasion, and for the interest that ne at all times takes for promoting the welfare of all under his pastoral care ; and the cordial thanks of the meeting be presented to the Lord Bishop of Tasmania for the honour he has done the meeting by his presence, and for the pious and eloquent address which he has delivered. Mr. Alderman BROUGHTON, J.P., seconded the resolution, commenting at length on the important services which the Bishop of Aus- tralia had conferred upon the colony. Mr. McLEAY put the motion, which was carried unanimously, all standing. Their Lordships returned thanks, and the Bishop of Australia having pronounced the Apostolical Benediction, the meeting sepa- rated. The above ia but an outline of the speeches. 