THE NUMBER SEVEN. [The following interesting ani singular compilation .of the application of the Vamber Seven, throughout the Scripture*, is taken from the Guernsey Star.—En.] In six days creation was perfected, the seventh was consecrated to rest. On the seventh of tlie seventh month a holy observance was ordained to the Chaldees of Israel, who feasted seven days and remained seven days in tents; the seventh year was directed to he a Sabbath of rest for all things; and at the end of peven tinies seven years commenced the grand Jubilee:, every seventh year the land lay fallow: every seventh year there was a general release from all debts and all bonds men were set free. From this law may have originated the custom of binding young men to seven years' ap prenticeship and of punistrng incorrigible offenders i>y transportation for seven, twice seven, or three times seven years. Every seventh year the law was directed to be read to the people. Jacob served seven years for tbe possession of Rachel, and also another seven years. Noah had seven days' warning of the flood, and was commanded to take the fowls of the air into the ark by sevens and the clean beasts by sevens; the ark touched the ground on the seventh month; and in seven days a dove was sen*, and again in seven days after. The seven years of plenty and the seven years of famine were foretold in Pharaoh's dream, by the seven fat and seven lean beasts; and the seven ears of full and the seven ears of blasted corn. The young animals were to remain with the dam seven days, and at the close of the seventh to be taken away. By the old law, man was commanded to forgive his offending brother seven times; but the meekness of the last revealed religion extended his humility and forbearance to seventy times seven. " If Cain shall be revenged sevenfold, truly Laraech seventy times seven." In the destruction of Jericho seven priests bore seven trumpets seven days. On the seventh they surrouuded the walls seven times, and after the seventh time the walls fell. Balaam pre pared seven bullocks and seven rams for sacrifice. Seven of Saul's sons were hanged to stay a famine. Laban pursued Jacob seven days' journey. Job's friends sat with him seven days and seven nights, and offered seven bullocks and seven rams as an atonement for their wickedness. David, in bringing up the ark, offered seven bullocks and rams. Elijah sent his servant seven limes to look for the cloud. Hezekiah in cleansing the temple offered seven bullocks and seven rams and seven he-goats for a sin-offering. The children of Israel, when Hezekiah took away the strange altars, kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days, and again other seven days. King Ahasueras had seven chamberlaius, a seven days' feast, sent for the Queen on the seventh day; Queen Esther had seven maids to a'tend her; in the seventh year of his reign Esther is taken to him. Solomon was seven years building the temple, at the dedication of which he feasted seven days. In the tabernacle were seven lamps; seven days were appointed for an atonement upon the altar, and the Priest's son was ordained to wear his father's garments seven days. The children of Israel ate unleavened bread seven days. Abraham gave seven ewe lambs to Abimelech as a memorial for a well. Joseph mourned seven days for Jacob. The Rabbins say God employed the power of answering this number to perfect the greatness of Samuel, his name answering the value of the letters in the Hebrew word which signify seven; whence Hannah, his mother, in her thanks says " that the barren ha'h brought forth seven." In Scripture are enumerated seven resurrections, the widow's son by Elias, the Shunamite's son by Elisba, the soldier who touched the bones of the prophet, the daughter of the ruler of the Synagogue, the widow's son of Nain, Lazarus, and our blessed Lord. Out of Alary Magdalen were cast seven devils. The Apostles chose seven deacons. Enoch, who was translated, was the seventh after Adam, and Jesus Christ the seventy seventh in direct line. Our Saviour spoke seven times from the cross, on which he remained seven hours; he appeared seven times; after seven times seven days sent the Holy Ghost. In the Lord's Prayer are seven petitions, contained in seven times seven words, omitting those of mere grammatical connection. Within this number are connected all the mysteries of the Apocalypse, revealed to ihe seven Churches in Asia; there appeared seven golden candle sticks, and seven stars in the hand of him that was in the midst; seven lamps being the Beven spirits of God ; the book with seven seals; the lamb with seven horns and seven eyes : seven angels with seven seals ; seven kings ; seven thunders ; seven thousand men slain ; the dragon with seven heads and seven crowns; the beast with seven heads ; seven angels bringing seven plagues, and seven phials of wrath. The vision of Daniel was seventy weeks. Nebuchadnezzar ate the grass of the field seven years. The elders of Israel were seventy. There were als'o numbered seven heavens, seven planets, seven stars, seven "wise men, seven Champions of Christendom, seven notes in music, seven primary colours, seven deadly sins, seven sacraments in the Roman Catholie Church. The seventh son of a seventh son is still thought by some persons to possess the power of heal ing diseases spontaneously. Perfection is likened onto gold seven times purified in the fire; and yet we say, " you frighten me out of my seven senses." Anciently a child was not named before seven days, not being ac counted fully to have life before that periodical day ; the teeth spring out on the seventh month and are shed and renewed in the seventh year, when infancy is ehanged into childhood ; at thrice seven years the faculties are. developed, manhood commences, and we become legally competent to all civil acts ; at four times seven man is in the full possession of liis strength; at five times seven he is fit for the business of the -world ; at sis times seven he becomes grave and wise, or never; at seven times seven he is in his apogie, and from that time decays; at eight times seven he is in his first climacteric; at nine times seven, or sixty-three, he is in his grand climacteric, or year of danger; and at ten times seven, or three score years' and ten, has by the Royal Prophet been pronounced the natural period of human Jife. There were seven chiefs before Thebes. The blood was to be sprinkled seven times before the Altar. Naaman was to be dipped seven times in Jor dan. In all solemn rites of purgation, dedication, and consecration, the oil or water was seven times sprinkled. The house of wisdom in Proverbs had seven pillars. 