RECEPTION OF A CHOIR NUN, AND OF TWO LAY SISTERS. -o [From the Bengal Catholic Herald.] On the Epiphany, we had the happiness to wit. ness, for the second time within the last few months, the repetition of the solemn and imposing ceremony appointed for the admission of candidates to the Religions Habit. The High Mass, on this occasion was celebrated by the Very Rev. F. Mole, assisted by the Rev. Gentlemen of St. Xavier's College. Some of the young gentlemen pupils in that Semi. nary attended in the Choir, and accompanied with their voices the sweet toned organ which has lately been erected in St. Thomas' Church. After the Gospel, as soon as the Hymn of Invocation of the Holy Ghost had been chaunted, the Right Rev. Bishop Carew began the ceremony, by reading aloud, both in Latin and English, the beautiful and im pressive prayers and instructions, which are pre scribed by the Catholic Ritual. When the Posts. lentls retired, in order to exchange their secular dress for the habit of the Cloister, his Lordship addressed the congregation to the following effect s BELOVD BaRnTnsN-So short an interval has elapsed since you witnessed a solemnity, similar to that which you now favour by your presence, that it seems to me.unnecessary to repeat at length, the in. struction I then delivered, on the nature of the Con. ventual state of life, on its obligations, and on the wise precautions wh:ch the Church adopts, in order to prevent any of her children from contracting hastily and without due deliberation, the awful responsibility which these obligations impose. When then addiessing you, I remarked, that the religious state of life was the perfection and consummation of that sanctity, to establish which the Gospel diepen sation was revealed. It is natural, therefore, that the same carnal wisdom, which, fronl the beginooning, contradicted the humility and self- denial of the Gospel, should contradict and censure with increased acrimony the full developement, which the Religious life displays, of the austere virtues which Jesus Christ introduced, by his own example, and recomi mended to his faithful followers, for their imitation. Yea, beloved brethren, contemplate Christianity in its Divine Founder, from the lowly manger of Beth. lebem to the ignominy and sorrows of Calvary, and what does it exhibit, what does it proclaim and in. culcate at every stage, but an eternal warfare between flesh and blood, between the maxims and usages of this world, and those which it points out as approved by God, and as necessary to be adopted, if.we would secuse our salvation. Every page of the Gospel and of the inspired writings of the new and eternal dis. pensation resounds with the solemn truths, that Flesh and Blood shall not possess the kingdom of God-that they who are of Christ's have crucified their flesh with its vices and concupiscences--that the animal man perceives not the things that are of God, that they are foolishness to him and he cannot understand, that if we would be perfect, we must not only keep the commandments, but, moreover, renounce all things and follow Christ : In short, that the world, and all that it esteems, are beset with innumerable dangers to salvation-that :iches leave it hardly possible for the rich man to be saved, that marriage, holy and honourable as it is, divides the heart of the married between God and theworld, ,and to sum up all briefly, that, to use the words of the Evangelist St. John, all that is in the world, is 'the concupiscence of the flesh, and concupiscence of the eyes, and the pride of life. It is to shelter ithe chosen of her children more securely against these multiplied dangers, which their pious timidity makes them fear to encounter, that the Catholic 'Church opens her Asylums to such as freely propose to leave all things for Christ, and aspire to practise with fidelity, in the peaceful retirement of the cloister, those virtues which, if they remained ex* posed to the allurements and temptations of the world, their infirmity might either wholly cause them to neglect, or to exercise so imperfectly as to expose their salvation to peril. In my preceding discourse on the religious state, I informed you, that, for two years after having received the habit, or the white veil, the Novice continues at full liberty to return to tite world, and sesume her former station and duties it society. I furthermore instructed you, that the final admission of the Novice to the religious state, depended not only on her own deliberate and con. stant preference for two years for that austere course of life, but also on tile solemn conscientious judg ment of the community which the novice wished to join, and of her Bishop, that the canlidato has evinced, uniformly, satisfactory indications that her choice was the result of a prudent and well regu. lated piety, not the ollspring of levity or caprice. The ceremony of this day, beloved brethren, whilst in the main, sinilar to that which you lately wit nossed, presents, however, two peculiar features deserviog your consideration. At the preceding solemnity you sae* four young virgins, who, ender the infidaure of divine grace sod of a holy educetlon, had learned to despise the world, even before they had tasted of the deceitful pleasures of its chalice. 'o.dsay, you behold two widows, who come forward to give testimony, at the altar of God, that the world is deceitful, and that tbhe happiness it promises is unreal and false ; that by melancholy experience, they have proved, how fleeting and treacherous are its fairest promises, and that, therefore, they wish now to choose for the spouse of their hearts, the heavenly bridegroom of their souls, who, neither in life nor in death will ever abandon .them, but will be their consolation and reward in time and in eter. nity. There is r second distingeishing characteristio in this day's solemnity which claims your notice. Of the three candidates before you for the religious state, two belong to the humbler walks of life, and are fitted chiefly to attend to the domestic duties of the com.. munity into which they wish to enter. How beautio ful is the order of religion 1 How admirably does it regulate and provide for the welfare of all its children, the rich and the poor, the.learned and the unlearned ? All, without distinction, sheembraces and cherishes, with the fondness of a mother, and all she teaches to minister to each other's wants, with tenderness and affection. For herself, she merely- claims the reverence due to a venerable parent, and in virtue of that prerogative, she appoints foreach child the office he is to fill, the duties he is to discharge, in order that the.wants of the whole family may be provided for, and that each individual ei~iber may contribute according to its ability, to the general welfare. Is the office she assigns to one of her children one of exalted dignity, she reminds him, that in proportion to his exaltation, shall be the measure of his responsibility to God, and that the authority entrusted to him is given, not to minister to his personal pride, but to enable him, to be tie guardian of virtue, and the assertor of truth against error and ignorance. Is the duty assigned by her, one of an humble, and to human nature, of a painful and uninvitiog character, she holds up the cross and bids her child look upon the predestined model of the elect, on him, who having joy and honor set before him, preferred the ignominy of the cross, in order thus to accomplish the redemption of the world. With such consoling recollections, does our Holy Religion sustain her humble children in the midst of the laborious and ungrateful duties, which she encourages them to undertake, for the good of their brethero. She tells them, that the humble shall be exalted, that in the order of Christianity, humility is not only the founda. tion, but also the perfection of virtues that God gives his grace abundantly to the humble, whilst he re. fuses, to act thus liberally towards the proud, and; in a word, that on the humble, he bestows peace of mind here below, and eternal repose in the life to come. THu SOVEREBINTY OP THB LAW.-If ever Punch felt inclined to drop down upon his knees, and with a feeling of reverence almost to fainting, wished to kiss the hem of law, it was a few days back, when Mr. Broderip, of the Thames Police, bheld-and justified his opinion by reference to "Carrington and Payne's Reports, p. 741-that, a man intrusting a golden sovereign to the hands of another for change has no longer any property in that sovereign. The case was this s- A was treat. ing B at a beer- shop, and A wishing to pay put down a sovereign, desiring the landlady to give him change. She could not do so, and B said he would go and get change. A said, ' you wont come back.' B replied, ' never fear.' A allowed B to take up the sovereign, and B never returned with it.-Held by the learnedjudges, that this was no larreny, as A, having permitted the sovereign to be taken away for the purpose of being changed, he could never have expected to receive back the spec?ifl sum, and haod therefore divested himsel'of the entire possession of it." Can anything be more clear than such reasoning of the learned judges1 Yet, we dare say there are fools to whom its extreme clearness will be opaque as mud-in the same way as we meet with enthusi. asts who will insist that two and two are not five I And thus-thlus the judges have determined. We have heard of such people as accessories ofter the theft. Were the said accessories dressed in scarlet gowns and horse-hair wigs? What an easy way to earn twenty shillings I Reader,give us a sovereign to getchanged.- Punch ACONTRAST-1815 and 1843.-ie The following eulogium," says the Couerier Francois, "was published in the year 1816 upon one of the Generals of the Empire s-' This man in the succes. sion of his different characters, will have founded the monument of Quiberon, and laid waste the dwelling-houses of La Vendee; he will have cele. brated the obsequies of Louis XVI , and the ressur. rection of Napoleon; he will nave been Minister of Louis XVIII. when Napoleon conspired, and the Major-General of Bonaparte when Louis XVIII. was betrayed.' The object of this diatribe was Marshal Soult; the journal which published it was the Moniteur de Grand, and the author who wrote it was M. Guisot. ThIe Moniteur de Grand shortly afterward.isappeared from the political world, but the two personages are at present Ministers. When perusing this passage what most M. GuiSot think of Marshil Souit, and what must Marshal Soult think ot M. Guizotl' RECIPE FOR DYaBNTBRY.-As the season is at hand when all classes of citiesns are liable to be afflicted with dysentery, diarrhcaa, &c;,, we deem it to be our duty to make publin the fol. lowing simple and emicacious remedy, which has been known to us for several years, and which we have repeatedly used with complete success. It is simply to take a tumbler of cold water, thicken it with wheat flour to about the consistence of cream, and drink it. This is to be repeated several times in the course of the day, or s often as you are thirsty; and it is not very likely that you will need it on the second day. We have not only used it ila our own case, but we have recommended it to our friends in many instances, and we never knew it to fail of effecting a speedy cure, even in the worst stages of dysentery. It is a simple remedy, and costs nothing. Try it all who need it. PRACTICAL JOKB RETORTID.--Ad. unfortunate beggar woman came into a shop at Liverpool the other day, and asked the master for relief. He wishoing to play a jokeon an acquain' tenuce who was present, said to her,' Ask that geen 'ieman, he's the master.' She immediately' turnd to ham with.' Will your honour spare a' trifl8a forea distressed woman ? Are you really in distress.' said the gentleman. 'lndeed air, I am is sad dis tress.' ' Well, then, grve tier two-pence out of the tail,' said he to the rmaster, and imtomediatelY walked out. in vain the master protesting tha bhe. was hlimself. Ie would not believe him, hut partic. aciourly urged her requests sayiug, ' The master said that you was to give me two-pence, and indeed tit's very hard if I duet get it.' He was obliged to give it, to rid himself o the annoyance. i I II, 