PROPAOATION OP T01 UPAITt. The monthly meeting of the A ustralian Branch of the Society for the Propagation of the Faith, was the next business of the evening. The Right Rev. the Bishop of Adelaide in the chair, who stated that the Right Rev. Dr. Pompall I er, the Bishop of New Zealand, who was presen t, wished to communicate to the meeting some interesting intelligence reas pectieg the mission under, his charge, and as his Lordship would not be able to express his ideas fluently in the English language, he trusted the meeting would make every allowance for any defect in pronunciation or grammatical arrangement. Dr. Pompallier he said, was expected to ha ve been here at hal consecratson,but Providence has `ordained it otherwise, as he was in some distant portion of the island attending to the wants of the people, who had the blessing of being placed under his spiritual care, when the letters missive had reached his usual place of residencein New Zealand, but as soon as he received them he had immediately proceeded to Sydney. The Right Rev. Dr. PolessAL..an, rose, and addressed the meeting, he said it was now seven years siece the Dirine Providence b ad called on him to proceed to the mission, whit h was now the object of his cars and his anxiety, and that seven years ago, before he had arrived at the so ene-of his joyous labours, he had the happiness of v isiting this town, since that timehbe had visited ma ny places to preach the gospel of the Lord, amongst a hither to barbarous and uncivilized people, amongst many of the bar. barous nations of the earth. He had found the field of his labours a difficult one, but in the mercy and power of the Lord the fruits of those labours were in the utmost degree consoling. He had since then to announce the word of God to a barb arousa people in many different languages, the knowledge of which language was only to be acquire d by a kindly intercourse with the people of the several islands where he had visited, in order to fulfil his mission and preach to them the good tidings of salvation, and in all had he success by prayer to the Lord that hbsmight-grat him'grace to extend the kingdom of his tnheritance-huo had to preach the'word of God in the New Zealand language, and in the different languages of. the natives of the several islanders in the tropical sone, all of whom were heathens, but were now (and it gave him great joy to say It) an interesting branch of the Holy Catholic Church, and which would in time become a flourishing and fruitful branch of that Holy Church, a nd that the time when they would so become flourishing and fruitful in the good works of ela e kingdom of Jesus Christ was not far distant. Was it not, he would ask them, beautiful to see these people baptised in and professing the true faith, and to see many of them so far instructed in and understanding the faith which they professed, as to be judged fit to rece ive the Sacramentof the Holy Communion and C onfir. mation-was not that he would ask them, a heartfelt gratification to the contributors to the funds of the Association, and in administeri ng the Sacraments to those who were already converted. The clergymen were much occupied in New Zealand and in the Islands. The Islanders.of the tropical zone had heard of the zeal and the charity of the people of Sydney in their behalf, and as they were told of the goodness and generosity of the people of this city, and of New South Wales, it would. be truly affecting to witness the exhibition of their feelings at such good, [such ; edifying news. They had also heard of the progress of religion in this city. They had heard of the building of the church in which they were now met together, St. Patrick's, and of the establishment of the Sydney Branch of the Catholic Institution for propagating the faith of Christ. At this news, the people of Tagaboo were delighted, and it was indeed a faithful branch of that maternal association established in Europe for propagating the faith over the whole globe, and it was his duty to express his heartfelt gratitude to them, for they are a. fruitful branch of the parent association, and they help the church, help man kind, and help the christian world, and he could refer to many good results of their labour and charity. But, there was plenty of work that .reo quired help t,: there were, plenty of heathens to be conveedto (he Lord; whose souls were without the busefitof the holy truth of religion, or the vision of heaveo. And. it iswonderful the simplicity and good disposition with which these untutored people listen to the truths of tell gion whein first announced to theta; they see the great charity and labour that it has required to come to preach. those truths to them, and they hear that it is the church of all ages and nations that coopera tea in this good work for their eternal salvation. The people to whom these great truths are preach ed, are very poor. They have no clothing, but are yet the image of God, their great Creator, and a re the same before him as the ric heat and the greatest in the world. In their simplicity, they believe in the truths of the gospel, and are simple and .docile when they receive the gift of faith, for fsith is a gift mnore titan Illis anty conclusion arrived at by human learning or reason. log, and they are inclined to believe all that Is In. cuteatod by the Holy Catholic Church upan her abildrcn, 'rhsy believe In the Almighty God, in the Father, the Son, and else Holy Ghost, liha hqly Catholic Church, and In all things In the Apostles Creed, sa do thes body of christians of all ages and nations, anti thst Holy Catholic Church, appointed by God to be elhe pillar and lice ground of truth preachieg for ever through the world all things, tics apostles htavo preached, the only witness of what fuss hoen prescired by tiucus, and by flue mouiths of he faithful from the beginning. It is highly con. soling to 0ee the docility with which they receive those doctrines and act upon them. In New Zealand they say to him, ".why leave us without priests," but that he could not avoid, at times, a great part of the Islands was christian, and in all he had bet fourteen missionaries to attend there and In all the Island a of the tropical zone, until lately, it had pleased his Holiness the Pope to send some Priests and two other Bishops: to attend to the spiritual wants of the Islanders of the Pacific, wherp he had frequently to attend previously. At-Weal lis's Island alone 3, 000 were baptised in the faith, and such was but an example of how the heavenly work which they had that night assembled to pro. mote, was going on in all the islands. Here his lordship mentioned the name of a mis* sionary Priest who, he said, had the happiness of suffering martyrdom -at one of the islands, and that even at that island, the good work dd.,not cease to progress, for that all the inhabitants of the island were, at the present time, christians; that the mar. tyrdom proved good for the fatth, for that through it they had the sooner become good christiana. At his last past oral visit through New Zealand, 400 had been baptised, and 600 confirmed, and a great number beside had received the sacrament of the holy eucharset for the first time. His lordship begged the society to pray daily for the success of the mission, and to enable them to continue in their progress through the many trials and difficulties by, which they .wele surrounded, that they may prelch with zeal and fervour, and surmount obstacles likee chilatians, and that they who were successors of the. apostles to whom Jesus Clsiast himself had said " behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world," might not abate in the holy fervour and humility which inrpived them in preaching the holy gospel of Christ crucified. He said, he should ever feel grateful for the seal andl. generosity of the kind hearted people of Sydney, which he had mentioned, and would again mention the parent association in Europe. The Bratior or ADBLAIDE said he had omitted to mention, that a short time since lIe received a letter from the Association at Lyons acknowledging the receipt of their remittances, and returning the thanks of the Aisociation to the people of the colony; and that the Bishop of New Zealand-who had just addressed them, requested him to mention a fact that he had omitted in his own address, which was, that so ripe were the New Zeal anders to embrace the Christian religion, that if fifty priests were to be sent out amongst them, the whole island would be converted in a very short time to the Catholic faith. . The subscription for the evening amounted to £2 18s. As the Bishop of Adelaide passed through the church outwards, he was followed by a number of women weeping, a good many of them orphan girls, many of whom held by the skirt and cape of his habit, as if determined never to let him depart from amongst them. fow are thy servants blest, 0 Lord, How sure is tiseir dete~nse, Etersal wisdom is their gude, Their help omipotence. It was stated that his Lordship would depart by the lMfary White this morning, at eleven o'clock. 