BISHO? NIXON. The Launceston Examiner inserts a series of extracts from a book published in England by Bishop Nixon, entitled " Lectures historical, doctrinal, and practical, on the Catechism of the Church of England." From that series we make a few extracts. We make no comment upon the manner in which Bishop Nixon treats.the npn-conforming clergy, but we cannot but smile at the .high ground he takes for the conforming. We are at a loss to discover the difference between the consubstantiation of Dr. Nixon and the transubstantiation of Dr. Wilson, which latter (Bishop Nixon) so furiously de nounces:— "There is not a bishop, priest, or deacon amongst us, who cannot, if he pleases, trace his own spiritual descent from St. Peter and St. Paul."—p. 350. " It certainly seems strange, that any ordained Priest of the Church of England, should seek to lower his high office by suggesting doubts as to the reality and soundness of that link, which binds him in mystical tic to the apostles themselves, and so upward to the Saviour."—p. 351. " It must be admitted, it is the only true branch existing in this country, because the only church modelled after the apostolical form and usages: the only church whose ministers are, in the scriptural sense of the word, lawfully called; or who have received their orders, or commission, in regular descent, through the Apostles of Christ." p. 356. " The dissenter may boast, and justly boast, of such as these (Watts, Henry, Doddridge, &c.;). They may say too, that the generality of their pastors are more perfectly qualified for the ministerial office; nay, in some .cases, perhaps more so than many of the national clergy-. It may be so; but it has nothing to do with the matter. It is not a question of comparative merit, but of lawful appointment. There might have been, for anything we can tell, some amongst the Jews who were as able to teach the people as the Scribes and Pharisees who sat in Moses' seat; but it was not their office- For anything we can seo to the contrary, Barsabas might have been as holy a man as Matthias : yet he was not elected in the room of Judas, and could not have taken upon him the office of .an apostle, without sinning against the Lord." p. 364. While there can be no baptism, save one only, they think that they can baptise. They forsake the fountain of life, yet promise the gift of a vital saving water. Men are not cleansed by them, but rather made foul; nor their sins purged away, but even heaped up; it is a birth which gives children, not to God, but to the devil. Born by a lie, they cannot receive the promises of truth. Gendered of misbelief, they lose the grace of faith. They cannot come to the reward of peace, because they have destroyed the peace of the Lord in reckless discord."—p. 363. "And can we suppose, that His mind is so altered, with regard to dignity, or the sanctity of the priesthood, that Ho can look, with a favourable eye, upon the assumption of so holy an office, by men whose call exists only in their own imagination—or in the wishes of others, as unauthorised as themselves, to call or ordain." p. 361. " Thus then for the lack of any settled standard to which all may appeal as to authority: to which all may turn as to a rallying point in matters of difficulty: there is nothing humanly speaking to protect any dissenting community from lapsing into deism, socinianism, or worse into any latitudinarian fantasy of the hour." p. 357. " Now dissenting communities cannot be derived from the apostles, for they were heard of for the first time in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries after Christ, and were not then peaceably derived ftom any society of apostolical foundation, nor afterwards acknowledged by any such as a portion of the Church of Christ. In addition to this it is easy to see their ministry is not apostolical. They themselves ridicule the notion of any divine commission to minister in sacred things derived by successive ordinations from the apostles. The claim of the church to such a commission for her ministers is a matter of unceasing vituperation and scorn with dissenters; of course, therefore, their own ministers cannot pretend to such a commission. But after all, it is pretty plain that they are obliged, whiether willingly or unwillingly, to adopt this course; for their founders or some of their first ministers were generally laymen who usurped the power of the ministry, tS and pretended to ordain others to an office which they had not themselves received by any imposition of hands from tbe Ministers of Christ. We should like to hear Mr. Lillie reply to all this " Leather" Bread and Wine. " We believe that then and there the body.and blood of Christ are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper. We hold that a great and mysterious change takes - place in the consecrated bread and wine; a change of character, but not of substance, jast as in anything a person consecrated to God's honour, or dedicated to. His service, there is a peculiar dignity, or more; exalted character. A change has indeed passed over it, it ceases to belong to the world, it becomes the exclusive property of the great God of heaven and of earth, "—p. 626. • ' ] " In this holy institution, says Bishop Jebh, as in the .first sacrament of baptism, a divine infusion, a heavenly grace and virtue, are peculiarly conveyed into the soul. In baptism we originally received this gift of God: by the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper the gift then received is renewed, enlarged, confirmed, strengthened, perfected. By baptismal grace we first became properly temples of the Holy Ghost: by the grace of the eucharist we are made special temples also of the Son; an habitation meet for the whole three personB of the ever blessed trinity."—p. 628. " Thus does oar church, in conformity with the teaching of Christ and his Apostles, hold the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to be the channel of the highest spiritual blessings, and that it is eminently, and in a way of peculiar appropriation, the visible conduct through which, by the invisible .operation of Him who appointed it, is conveyed that special evangelical grace with which the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost have conjointly distinguished and blessed the christian dispensation."—p. 328. We should like to hear Bishop Wilson reply to all this " Prunella." What spirit of Christian charity, humility, and forbearance does not Bishop Nixon shew in his denouncements of the *' dissenting" clergy ? 