GENERAL EDUCATION., STATE OF THE PEASANTRY IN OX FORDSHIRE. C from a Correspondent of the London Patriot .) The field labourers in the district in which I reside are in general inferior in mental energy to the workiug classes in other parts of the United Kingdom— 1 mean those ol the peasantry wno nave upi been influenced by either Dissenters or Methodists. It is well known that so briety, wholesome food, comfortable houses, and a proper- course ol religious and tnealal training,, are among, the means by «— — — an— mmmm — i which health is promoted, the character formed, and the mind strengthened, and therefore, we need not wonder that per sons who have been trained up uneducated, half-naked, and starving, should be feeble and languid. The wretched cottages of hundreds of the peasantry in the vicinity of Bicester are a disgrace to the country, and a curse to the children who are born and trained tip within their naked and damp walls. The neighbourhood is very fiat and low, and some of the villages are, during the winter, sinks of filthy and stagnant waters. The writer of this letter has had to walk before now up la the knees in water, on bis way to one of these hamlets. I have been informed by a clergyman of the Church of England, and I know the statement to be a fact, that, in many of the cottages, the father, mother, sons, and daughters, and in some cases- the daughter and her husband, all sleep in the same small room ! I called about two years back at a small cottage in a parish, the living of which is worth about £800 a-year, and found eight persons in the house, living and sleeping on the same damp and nasty floor ; and they had neither a chair nor a stool in the hovel, but they have been furnished with both since. No wonder that so many of the poor creatures are the essence or immor ality,. aud the willing prey of superlative baseness. In fact, the peasantry in some parts of Oxfordshire are a physical, moral, and mental wreck. The wages of the field labourers in the neighbourhood of Bicester are from 7s. to 9s. a-week. Hun dreds of them have never received any education. I know a large village in which the Wesleyan Methodists have a good chapel, and about seventy members in society, and yet they cannot get a suffi cient number of persons-', to teach fifty children in their Sunday-school. The people have never been educated, and therefore they cannot, teach their own children to read the Word of Life !. The peasantry's faith in ghosts, witches, and charmers, is much stronger, and much more productive, than their faith in Christ '.. There are farmers and others, not a few, in Oxfordshire, who firmly be lieve that midnight ghosts and noon-day witches are a visible and terrible reality. Numhers of the field labourers are strangers to the plan of salvation- All they know about religion is, that the Church is the only right place, and that the clergy are " far learnt men," and that, therefore, all they say arid preach must be true. Many of the working class have to walk from one to three miles- on the Sunday morning, in ordev to receive their week's wages, and, consequently, provisions; and sometimes shoes, clothes,, and hats, &c;,, are purchased on the Sabbath forenoon. Parents train up their children in the way they should. not go;, and thus one genera- lion after another, and one family after another, find their way on the Sabbath from the shop to the public house, and wives and little children are compelled, by hunger, to pawn their broken furniture aud clothes, or rather rags, that they may buy bread. I know it to be a fact, that the pawnbroker in a small market tewntin Ox fordshire has,, at this inclement season,, part of the clothes-, & c„ ol from 800. to 1,000 persons in his shop!:! I declare solemnly that the Sabbath is too often the poor Churchman's market-day, and the ale-house his " chapel-of- ease !" A Iriend of mine asked the mother of a family the other day, if ever she thought anything about her soul's salvation. " I do some times, was her reply ;. " but poverty and starvation have destroyed my feelings !' The lace- makers are a class of women greatly to be pitied. They earn from 2s. to 3s. a-week. Many of them are driven by poverty, and allured by base men, to walk the streets and-lanes for abit-of bread ; and others of the- same class are led astray- hy what they see and hear in every village. The education of the labouring class lias been both neglected and discountenanced. A clergyman said to ms not long ago,. " You are doing wrong in teaching your servant- reading nnd writing. II 1 weule a servant, the first question I would ask should be, Can you read and write . If vou can, I want nothing more to do with \ ou !'' I have not heard that? any of the clerwy in the neighbourhood in question ' have ever made a single effort to convince ; the peasantry that ghosts and witches- are fiction, and nothing, more. But tile priest hood are not .all idle; I know of one of their inumber who has a clothes club," and the poor people are compelled to pay their weekly pence at the church on the Sab bath day ; and those who are not present are required to give an account of them selves. The labourers cannot see any great difference between paying money for clothes at the church on the Lovd's day, and paying money for clothes at the shop on the Lord's day. There are not more than from two hundred to three hundred children receiving a useful education in a district 111 which there are thousands ol children,, to whom good schools would be a great blessing.. The rest are taught by lace-makei'3, old women, and others,, who are not well qualified to teach ; and hun dreds are growing up without any kind of education, except that which is taught by a bad example. 