FASTS OF THE CHUllCII OF ENGLAND. They are as follows First, ihe vigils, or days before the following festivals i— The Nulivky. of our Lord j the Purification; the. Annunciation ; Easier Day ; Ascension Day j "Whitsunday ; St. Matthias ni. .lonn naptist ; at. raer ; St. James ; St. Bartho lomew ; St. Matthew,; St, Simon and St. Jude ; St. Andrew, ; St! ' Tliomiis ; All Saints, These' the Church lias prescribed to be. observed as seasons of fasting, that we may bring, our minds into a fitter state for. celebrating the more joyous : solemnities which succeed them. 'Those festivals which are; not , preceded by such fasts either follow immediately other festivals, or occur, for the most part, in what the clurich considers seasons of joy ; as, for instance, the Circumcision fit Christmas time, and St. Mark's Day, between Jiaster and Whitsuntide, while we are commemorating the glorious cverils'which followed tlie resurrection. With regard to the'fasts of saints and apostles, the observation of these fasts tends to revive in our minds' the recollection of' the troubles and' I sufferings which these Christian r.heroes. under went on their way to the possession of that happiness and glory which we are on their festivalinvitcd to contemplate ; and upon this principle probably it is tliat 'no fast is appointed before the Feast. of. St Mi chael and All Angels. Wc have no previous strug gles with1 sin 1 or evihto commemorate in the history of those exalted beings who have never partaken, of mortality of of its troubles ; but, have from the b'e- ginningjheen happy, pure; and holy, in heaven. Lent— Or' the season of forty days, excluding Sundays, which precedes Easter. ,The earlier part . of . this solemn season is intended to prepare us for the, g.rqat week of our Lord's; Passion, witli which it concludes ; and, the space of forty days seems marked out as a proper period for fasting, or humiliation by tlie instances not only of Moses and'Elias, but of one far greater Ulan they , who prepared himself for the commencement of his ministry by a fast of forty days in the wilderness. ( A an Wednesday — The first day of these forty "has ever , been observed -by 'the church' with peculiar; so'-' lemnity. On that day in early times, her' minister's maintained the custom which'the," apostle had' intro duced or enjoined, of putting to open penance anil shame' notorious offenders against her laws arid her authority; thus according to the direction of scrip ture, punishing them in this world, that they, might, be led to repentance, and that their souls might con sequently be saved -in the world which is to. come. . ; But those happier, because purer, days of th'e church's history have past away. '"God in his own good time will remind them ; and. that lie will speedily do so we are bound to pray. In the meanwhile, the churcli calls upon lis this day collectively" to humble ourselves before him whom our sins and disabandon- ment of this godly discipline1 have deeply offended ; and to' implore his pardon "for" tliose Transgressions, committed among us, without meeting such rebuke, for which we affirm with our mouth his vengeance- and curse to be due. In making this acknow ledgment, we continue in the. Christian Church a ce remony which God himself ordained for the Jews. — . .See Dent, xxvii. 13—26. The different days, of Passion "Week, of the week that is between the Sunday, beforeEaster and Easter daycare considered by the church fasts.of such' im portance' as to have Epistles and Gospels appointed to, oo/'li Tim emtio rbaenne wlimVi cnmil/1 mnlina no. . a reverential observance of Lent' in .general, apply, of course, still more strongly lo fitri week wEicli re- ' presents tlie reason of our Saviour's sufferings arul most strongly of all, to .that solemn, day which com memorates his death; and .which, in memory of the benefits which we derivfe. from that mysterious event, we call Goon Friday;' . ,, , That we may, indeed, keep in continual .remem brance the exceeding love of our Master and only Saviour thus dying for us, the church reckons among her other fasts— all Fridays in the year, excepting, of course, Christmas day, should that festival fall on a Friday. The following days in. the year, are called Ember Days : — The Wednesday, Friday, ? J t Sunday in Lent. These days are ordained to be kept as fasts because the four Sundays which respectively follow them are the appointed seasons for' the ordination by. our .Bi shops of "Priests and Deacons to this sacred Office. St Paul clearly declares the duty of all Christians to pray for those set in Ministerial authority ever them. And that, fasting was practised by' tlie early church at the season when such ministers were ordained, Ave learn from Acts xiii. 3. , , The above with the three days immediately before Ascension -day — days which, nnder the name; of Ro gation days, the church, has froiij. tlie very earliest times employed in special supplication arid prayer- complete the number: of the fasts of our English Calendar. The Liturg y.— -This is. not the work of one man ; of a Society ;: or of one age : it' is, like the British constitution a1 precious result of accutnulaliye. and collective- wisdom.'' Its materials are' gradually formed arid safely deposited among the records of various churches, eastern and! western, taore andTess ancient, more and, less pure; and when time .was ripe fbr its formation its compilers were'led; I verily believe, by a wisdom, not 'their own, to proceed. ori ihe principle of rejecting whatever w'ap peculiar, to any sect or party, to any age or nation - and retain ing that sacred cleposiium which liad the common" sanction of -air.— 'Bishop Jebb. Duty to God.. . On' the whole tlie duty of zeal re quires that we neglect an' ordinary visit rather than: an ordinary prayer, and a great .profit; rather than! omit a requisite duiy, No excuse can, make laivfull a siri ; and he that goes about to distinguish between! his duty and his profit, and if he cannot, reconcile! them, will yet tie them, together. Like a 'hyena and a dogi this man pretends to religion, but. secures .tliei world, and is indifferent and Juke warrii towardsThat,. so he may be warm and safe in the possession of! this. ...Bishop Taylor. ' < . ; ' Religious Societies. — -From an heterogeneous mass of. lukewarm friends and -open adversaries-ofi professing Churchmen and' avowed' Dissenters/ of! .enthusiasts furious in . their zeal, and cold calcula ting politicians; — from a combination formed by an \ unholy and unhallowed mixture of the orthodox'he- : retics— of those who adore, and those who blaspheme I the blessed Trinity, the one and only God— to expect from such materials as these' to distil the pure bless ings of Christian unity and concord, this has, by ex perience been found to be a hope as: wild 'arid vairi 'as that .which.Ted his dupes of old to look for gold in the crucible of the alchymist. Such it has been' found to be ; and so it must be ; for the scriptures, in speaking of unity, refer '.not merely, ;to one spirit, but to one body also. " There is," saith the Holy Ghost, by the Apostle Paul, (Eph.'iv.' 4) " one bodi/ md one spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of 'your cali ing." Again, in the Epistle To the Romans (xiii. 5) " We being many are one body, iir Christ. And again to tlie Corinthians (1 Cor; x. 17.) " We being many are one head and one body," And what, that body is we arc told in the Epistle to the Ephesians,, (i. 22 23.) " Christ is head, over all things ,to the. flhnrpli. wliifh iQhic hhVlv tlir fnlno6« .r\f fillet h all in all, — Dr. Hook. The Sin: of Separation.— We can not, read - the; descriptions ofthe Church, "as a body, of which-all the members have one common head, union, and pur,- ; pose— a: house compacted together— a family . with all its severaL depaum'erits— arid its brethren, living , together in love— without seeing,, in, these, a recom- mendatiqn, to unity , and subordination. , With' these representations, divisions can not.be.consjstent.. We observe, too, the practice of the Apostles,, and ofthe, early churches, corresponding, wkh this.,, We read St. Paul cautioning the converts i(lloin, xvl., 17.) '' to mark them that, eause. divisions"— -his earnest entreaty, " Now I beseech; you, brethren, by, the- name of 'oui Lord Jesus Christ that, ye all speak the. same -thing, and that there be no division among you but that yc be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment." The whole of the twelfth chapter, is devoted to the same subject, and we can not read it,, (whatsoever, others may do,) without a conviction that he considered schism, creating divisions, or separation, as a sin, I he same is. taught by. St. John, and St. Jude; and also by the primitive Fathers. Indeed these testimonies only conctir with the inference which our own reason would draw, respecting the sinfulness of divisions ; from tlie heart-burnings and other evils, to which they give rise. The people who apply to us the hard words " intolerance ," and ' want of charily" haVe fallen, Ave think, into some little confusion of reason ing upon the subject. We cannot doubt th existence of such a sin as schism, but we can conceive soirie en1- tert iining sincere scruples, whether separatiriri 'frbm the established Church - may constitute the schisrh 'meant! by 'St. Paul. We have 'no 'such' doubt, arid must speak according to our belief. . If to do this' be " intolerance,"; how are we'to mention', or to deprecate any siri ? It'would be then a very' spurious charity to deny, or to sink, the truth of" God's word, and deceive ourselves, or others, by treating separation as no sin. ' We are far from- saying, however, that all seperatists: must be'guilty of wilful sin. -We'should no more think of'doing so than we should think of confounding every ignorant hedtlieri with th e. hardened Pharaoh— all the deluded multitude, with the proud and prejudiced chief-priests' and Pharisees— or St. Paul in his ignorance, with 'Herod in his fust and cruelty , or Pilate in his time-serving. Yet even here we do not presume to establish exceptions. That is the province of God : we only cherish a chairitable hope. We lay down the general rule, which God's word gives— separation is siritvhat- merciful allow- q vi poo 14nrl will .mnlvo fnv nflnpnfinn i (ynnrnnnp anil. other causes of errors. lie alone can judge! //'Siri it is, and itns the duty of every 'Christian at his peril to examine himself carefully', and see that lie may not mistake the power of party-spirit, prejudice, piide. or other passions or interest blinding his judgment, for the calm act of judgment and the dictate of conscience : for if he does, then it will be wilful sin. But we do not presume to, judge ,/our fellow-mortals in that respect. We may lament,;but wetdare not condemn. To all Christians we recommend the hearty adoption, and sincere offering up of that petition of our excel lent liturgy " From all sedition, privy conspiracy, and rebellion ; from all false .doctrine, heresy and schism ; from hardness of heart,- and contempt of thy word and .commandments, Good Lord deliver us.— - Dr. Molestvorth. 