SKETCHES OF PUBLIC CHARACTERS. THE ATTOnNBT AND SOLIOITOB-OENEBALS. As I have not a great deal to say of these im portant functionaries, I have included them both under one sketch, conceiving whether rightly or not, that in their aggregate capacity, they merit some little attention at my hands. As is his due by rank and precedence, I will take the Attorney-General first, Thomas Horne, then, although a good lawyer, and the nephew of a bright luminary at the English chancery bar the late Solicitor general, sir nniiam uorne, is not a popular favourite— I mean of course as a lawyer; there is a notion abroad, that Mr. Horne is not an Industrious pains- taking counsel, but the very reverse. Now, I have been for a long time an observant witness of Mr. Home's public con duct, both as a barrister, at.d at one time a leading member of the opposition to the govern ment of Sir George Arthur — nay, I even knew Mr. Horne, as, for a short time, the editor of the Colonist, newspaper ; but I must confess, that indolence was never publicly exhibited by Mr. Home. In the celebrated case of Tetley and Sluirwin, the learned counsel certainly ting as it was unconquerable; and so also in a case now exciting great interest —Ricltardson v. Armytage, where Mr. Horne, with the aid of his learned colleague, the Solicitor-General, has succeeded in obtaining a new trial. I think one great drawback against the popularity of Mr. Horne is his ' ratting' from the people to the Government, — and this too, after so vehe ment and pertinacious a display of the most determined opposition : thus it is, that whetKa public character once loseB the confidence of.] the people, he rarely ever again regains it. As a lawyer, my opinion of Mr. Horne is perhaps adverse to that of the public in gene ral ; I think him well read, and apt in the ap plication of his points ; there is, however, a homeliness amounting almost to gaucherie in bis manner, which is much against him as an advocate, while the absence of all force and impression in his forensic oratory does not add to his influence as a Counsel learned in the law. There is a manifest inequality in his manner, which is hard to be accounted for in so experienced a Barrister, and which does not rise and fall in proportion to the subject of his exertions : thus, in one ot his replies which he was caller] upon to make in the still pending case of Richardson v. Armytage, and in re ference to something which it was alleged Mr. Armytage had said would make a witness' hair stand on end, (as applied to Mrs. Richardson) the Attorney-General, by way of being witty, dragged in an allusion to the Devil and Dr. Faustus and the Ghost in Hamlet) But wit is no attribute in the oratory of the learned gentleman, neither can he deal jn sarcasm and irony, the powerful weapons of his forensic rival, Air. Macdowell. In short, as a lawyer, the Attorney-General reminds me of some of tuose piam, plodding, nut sound lawyers, wno used, in my younger days, to be listened to with such attention by Lord Eldon and Sir John Leach, hut whom the public, in their stupid ignorance, altogether disregarded. In the Legislative Council the Attorney General frequently appears to considerable, ad rantage. Asilie oxnounder afthejawfl vrflicli are passed by our colonial senate, he is plain, straightforward, and explicit; while he has enough of argument to defend the measures of the Government and to expose the absurdity of any opposition to them;. but even here the learned gentleman exhibits the same strange inequality. I have beard him most successfully demolish the sophistry of a political opponent, wbilo-at another time he has signally failed in exposing even a Bingle palpable point. Of bourse, Mr. Horne only holds his present office until the arrival of an Attorney-General ap pointed by the Home Government; the ap pointment being by far too lucrative as well as too honourable for a colonial appointee. My Lord Stanley has too many applicants for place to pass by this; and all that we have to wish for is, that his Lordship will send us a man of talent and integrity; for, be it remembered, the Attorney-General combines in this Colony the important functions of Grand Juror and Public Prosecutor: so that, in the finding of a true bill or the filing of an ex-officio infor mation, something more is required beyond the technical knowledge necessary for sucu pro ceedings. I come now to say a few word, of bis col league, Mr. Fleming, who also enjoys the, at present, very lucrativeappointmentof Insolvent Commissioner for Hobart Town. A laborious, pains-taking young lawyer is Mr. Fleming, always 'perfect in his nan,' ready with bis cases, and always master of such cases. 'The books' are great favourites of Mr. Fleming, and upon their authority he builds — andbuilue securely too— his superstructure for a judgment. As Insolvent Commissioner, the SolicitorGe neral it pains-taking, persevering, and to complete the 'apt eJiiterationj artful aid,' most patient, /we is, however, characterised by a finickinf Jfcppish dandyism, which to those who domBpow him, would convey an idea that he di^B possess the nous, which is really in his c^Bin: Mr. Fleming ib deci dedly a cleven^B and a good and conscien tious lawyer, t^Bing all Tub energy and his industry too, i^Biny case he may be a party to ; and truly^Bis own Insolvent Court bis decisions arec^Hys listened to with reBpect, and confidediHHth implicit reliance. I may nexWTeksrve you a ' sketch' of our Colonial Baririuding tn» learned Counsel in one notice. ^K . : 