AN IRISH DETACHMENT. Ensign Altamontde Montmorenci was mine ancient in the— th Highlanders at this time. Our commis sions might be said to have been " twinlm," since w-c were both gazetted on the sunie day, his commis sion being dated but one day later than my own. A miss, however, is as good as a mile, says the ancient proverb. I was the elder, if not the better soldier, and consequently, the detachment being a subaltern's party, f was its commandant. Ensign de Montmorenci was cut out for 11 te service. Descended from a long line of martial ancestry, he was pefectly capable of " spending lialf-a crown out of sixpence a day." Like tiip Master of ltavenswood, he'd his cloak and sword, and high blood, and little else to recommend him to (he world. As De Montmorenci was a zealous soldier, being never so happy as when he was either drilling the company, studying the articles of war, or volunteering for every officer's turn of duty besides his own, I generally left the management of matters whilst I was in command to him. Pretty certain that the service wonld materially benefit by the exertions of a zealous officer, in place of an indolent one, I generally took mine ease in mine inn, whilst ho carried out those measures necessary and proper for the matter in hand, during our country excursions and outpost duty. Having therefore, as I said, ensconced myself in the most eligible quarter I could find, after putting matters in a somewhat better trim than 1 had found them in the village of Smashemotoole, 1 gave to Montmorenci the task of spending the watches of the night in patrolling the streets, lanes, and suburbs ; and thrusting my feet into a hen's j. ...L .si. «#. n M I iK JK Vinll AVIA A. C iL A Iviinlrl fl_ noil I TICSl, wiiiuil was at uae uuwum Ui uie uutAic-utu a threw myself upon, jaded and fatigued with the toil of the day's march, I should soon have been in the arms of " nature's soft nurse," had it not been for the myriads of fleas, which left the pigs and poultry, my fellow -lodgers, in order to make a meal of my unlucky body. In such a situation as this, whilst I listened to the occasional hubbub consequent upon my friend Altamont's coercive measures amongst the mob without, it was not to be supposed that I anticipated the pleasure of a visit from any of the gentlefolks resident around the village, and I was therefore proportionably surprised when the latch of the backdoor of the miserable hut I was tenanting being opened a tall and elegant looking man carry ing a dark- lantern in his hand, stood before me. A dickering rush, which had been drawn through a saucer of grease, .andVhich was held in an instrument resembling a pair of forceps upon a stand, the Irish cottager's usual substitute for a candle and candlestick, gave so dubious and fitful a light, that at first I could hrrdly distinguished tho features of my visitor. I stared at him as though Ibeheld some shadowy ghost standing in the peat -reek of my heart. " The officer commanding the party, I presume P" said my visitor, throwing the focus of his lantern across my lantern-jaws, and addressing mo. " The same, my lord, and your poor servant ever," I I returned, rising and bowing ; conceiving that I saw before me the proprietor of the park and domain which " there adjacent lay'' to the village I was in. " M y house is beset and beleagured," continued the visitor. " I have half a dozen letters hero in rny pocket, stating the very hour this night at which it is to be assailed and burned to the ground. Say, can you. aid me ? I have with some little peril left Castle Carney, traversed the plantations of the park, and admitted myself by the little postern in the wall to the village .Time- Hies ; every moment is now the father of some stratagem. My people are in readiness for the assault ;"but hearing of your arrival with a part of the detachment from Clon berry Bog, 1 de termined to visit you. In faet, if you like to make Castle G'orney the head-quarters of your detachment, we will make you comfortable and welcome." The offer was tempting : 1 felt inclined to make the noble seat mentioned both " my head -quarters, and quarters for every other part of my body but considering that my commission extended no further than to the village I was then in, I at first reluctantly declined accepting the proffered hospitality. Never theless, as I glanced around the squalid misery of the 'hut I was in, I reflocted that as I had pretty well picketted the dark streets of the village, saved more than one house from being burned, and turned the mob over t,o the tender mercies of my zealous subaltern 1 might venture to return the visit of my noble new acquantance. His affability and superiority charmed mc. There was corn, wine, and oil in his plenteous face. 1 was fasting from all but smoky whiskey, and boiled potatoes without butter ; and as I gazed upon his aristocratic bearing, savoury viands, rich sauces, and generous wines seemed to spread them selves before me on his ample board. I had been be fore quartered in the village ; but the lord of Castle Carney was at that time, with his family, sojourning abroad. I however knew the localities well, and after writing a few words of instruction to my friend De Montmorenci, I volunteered, after confiding my billet to the care of my sergeant, to escort my visitor back to. Castle Carney, and view the preparations he had made for defence of his home and hearth.. We accordingly, left the little cottage, traversed the kail yard in its rear, passed though the small postern, and threading the shrubberies and plantations of the park, reached the mansion. Those who had been used to the peaceful and quiet style of a gentleman's seat in merry England would havebcen somewhat supriscd at the preparation display ed on this night at tho mansion to which I was thus paying a visit. The ample hall, on the oak panels of which hung the trophies of the chase, together with stvords, bucklers, and several suits, of armour, was converted into a sort, of a guard-room; a dozen stalwart men-at-arms, consisting of the household servants, being ready to man the diilerent stations allotted to them when the assault took place ; and my host, ushering me into a library, introduced mc to Lis son, a handsome-looking youth, of about fifteen years of age, whose employment was as hostile and warlike, as the scene I had already passed through. He stood before a large table, which was literary covered with fire-arms, from the double-barrelled Manton to the bell-mouthed blunderbuss. His employment was to carefully load and readily arrange these weapons, so as to be handed to the servants when required. My introduction to, and the night I spent with that party 1 shall not in a hurry forget. The family of my host consisted of his wife, the son I have before named, and eight daughters — of whom, were I to say they - were beautiful as eastern houris, I might not only fail in rendering them justice, but should also use a trite and common simile. They were of the loveliest of the daughters of the Irish aristocracy, and "the might, the majesty of beauty" can no further go. Glancing at my travel-worn harness and bespaitered continuations, " stained with the variation of each soil " between the bogs of G'lonberry and the seat 1 was visiting, 1 apologised, upon finding myself in this fair assemblage, for the dampness of my clothing and the figure I necessarily cut. An . officer on detachment is, holvever, always welcome. " We are as secluded here," said the lady of the house, " as Sanclio in the Sierra Morena, and are always glad to welcome the military when sent to so dull a quarter.'' In short,' there seemed to be no more though of the threatened assault, than if we had been seated in his lordship's withdrawing room in Grosvenor Square. M usic and conversation made the minutes fly ; coffee and other refreshments were served ; and but that a report was ever and anon brought to the master of the house, apparently of the proceedings without I should not have suspected that the family either feAred or expected any danger from the rout who had threatened to bring fire and slaughter into their dwelling. That, indeed, which chiefly struck me was the absence of all alarm amongst the females of the party, and yet e house was., well prepared for defence. Feather beds and mattrasses were placed before the windows of the lower apart ments, and the male part of the establishment had been engaged during tiie evening in making ready for. a deadly siege. " We are not at all timorous," said the Lady Geraldine ; " we are ' native here, and to the manner born ' Your Entrlish ladies, I have observed whilst visiting us, arc sometimes alarmed at the reputation our country has earned. But they soon find that more than half what they have heard about the ferocity of our good-tempered, generous- hearted, misguided peasantry is false," Again she struck the strings of her harp as she said this, and warbled two verses of an old ditty. If music be the food of love, thought I, play on. The Lady Geraldirie had the voice of a seraph. '' It came o'er my ear like the sweet south." The stanzas, however, seemed to call forth in the singer unpleas- ing remembrances. The Lady Geraldine stopped' at the end of the second verse. She lent her check upon her hand as she bent over tho instrument. Could it be possible, I thought, as I gazed upon her chiselled features and perfect form, that the love of one so exquisite had been- unpropitious or unrequited. " May I ask the question," I said, as I arose, and took the music from the stand, " may I inquire where you learned the. air to which you would have warbled these words P" " It was composed in this room," said the Lady Geraldine with a sigh. " You will pardon me," said I ; " but an ensign of ours, one of the cleverest scamps that ever belted a broadsword to hiB waist — not one, 'but all mankind's epitome' — I always considered him him the composer of that air." " And his name p" said the lady, looking as if the heat of the room had overcome her, "Alta- mont de Montmorenci." I saw immediately that, in return for the harmony the young lady had been favouring me with, I had touched a string in her- heart that uttered dreadful discord. Curse upon it ! thought I ; my usustl luck. I have somehow let down the peg that made this music. My noble host inter rupted my reverie. He approached, and touched my shoulder lightly, and we left the apartment together. " Are you quite wise," said he, "in leaving your detachment so long p" " Quite," I returned. ' When you play your part I'll play mine. I have arranged everything with my ensign before I ven tured on this visit. He's a clever fellow, and, I believe, not altogether unknown to you. His name is Montmorenci — Ensign Alt&mont; de Montmorenci, of ours. A : dark shade seemed to pass over the Earl's brow, as I watched the expression of his countenance. The truth flashed across me— the favqurite song of my friend — the melancholy of the Lady Geraldine — the angry look of the Earl — all put together, told the tale, the chivalrous, the high born, the penniless ensign of Highlanders had been flirting with the Lady Geraldine. As I pondered upon these matters, a yell like what might have been expected from a band of Siouxes burst upon our ears, and the next minute on came the rout of ruffians. The crash of breaking glass immediately succeeded, anil, throwing themselves at the doors and windows of the mansion, the Paddies made as din with their bludgeons and shilelahs, as tho Black Knight with his battle-axe at the sally- port of the castle of Tor- qqilstone. The Earl took command of one part of the mansion, his son superintended in another, whilst I volunteered to act as general commanding-in-cliief. I had persuaded the Earl not to proceed to extremi ties until we saw there was actual danger of the chateau being taken', and we accordingly reserved the fire of the garrison, o.nly singling out one or two of the leaders for punishment. "Pick me off," said I to the young lord, " that athletic young fellow in the coat of frieze, blackened visage, and the hay- bands round the calves of his legs. Tickle him with a charge of buck-shot about the shins. One shot will perhaps be sufficient to summon ipy friend Alta- . mont,. who will, most likely, bring us off without fnrthcr. ' stroke or wound.'" Night's candles were burnt out, and "the dawn was just appearing as I looked forth. Many hundreds of the finest pisantry in the world wore rioting around his lordship's man sion, and preparing for another effort to break in. I The shower of brickbats and stones, under cover of | which they advanced, , again rattled against the doors and windows. Still I restrained the fire of the gar rison, feeling confident in the strength of the defence and the relief I expected. One of the helpers in the stables was, like the Ishmaelites of Persia, a member of a secret society. He admitted a party of the assailants by the back entrance, and we were fairly on the eve of capture. We heard the rush of this party towards the great hall of the build ing.. There was but one entrance to it from the servants' offices. The Earl seized upon a two-handed sword from the wall, the weapon of one of his crusading ancestors, and opposing himself to the opening, smote down the on-comers as fast as they, endeavoured to rush in. His servants also performed their suit and service well and manfully; whilst I, opposing myself to the assailants without the man sion, gave the word to blaze away in real earnest. The females wore now in reality alarmed. The din of the affray without doors had completely seared them ; the fight was too near to be pleasant, and several of them rushed into the hall amongst the combatants. At this moment! heard the well-known bugle of the Highlanders. It sounded like " The blast of that wild' horn On Fontarabian echoes borne." As the smoke of our discharge from the front blew clear of the windows, I looked forth, and beheld the kilts debouching from the wood on the left of the building. They took the enemy in flank, came up at the double and commenced a file fife, that was echoed in ten thousand replications from the woods and glades around. Lavoila! the thing was finished; east, west, north, and south fled the assailants, leaving the dead, the wounded, and the dying to be cared for and nursed by the ladies of the establish ment. The next minute the hall of the building was filled with plumed bonnets and highland scarfs, and its marble flooring resounded to the heavy butts of the firelock, as Ensign Altamorit de Montmorenci gave the word to his power to order arms, and stand at ease. De Montmorenci soon after this got his lieutenancy in tho cavalry, and it was long before I saw him again. On occasion of Iter gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, holding her first drawing- room, 1 wont to return thanks for my majority. One lady, of sur passing beauty, was the observed of all observers there. She leant upon the arm of an officer of the life-guards. I myself had left a leg amongst the passes of the farthest steeps of India, my nasal feature had been frost-bitten on the G'anadian frontier, and all the hair of my head had been singed off whilst fighing against the Ashantces.. The guards man, however, knew mc again. It was my aid friend and subaltern, Altamont do Montmorenci. He introduced me to his wife — tho Lady Geraldine. 