REPEAL DIOTIONARY. -0 (From tbs Nation.) EBRINGTON.-Two things posterity will find it hard to believe First-That under any circumstances, any fo reigner should have dared to offer such an losult to a notion as did my Lord Ebrington; when lie de clared tlhat if Irishmen demanded the constitutional rights of their country, they should be proscribed and marked for so doing. Second-That any Irishman could be.founod so base as to be influenced by this threat. Both' these sad acts are attributable to the de. grading and demoralizing operation upon public spirit of the infamorq Act of Union. If Whigs ever come to power again, they will have to eat their own words on the subject of Repeal; otherwise, Ireland will give them no support. Not considering this retractatioa inevitable, and therefore perilling their own little dirty self interests, some men calling themselves Irishmen-calling themselves men of principle (1)-stilt even now,'at tins moment, wheo Ireland needs and expeots every son of hers to, do his duty, still hold off from the popular cause. " EMANCIPATION."-Mr. O'Connell always said that he looked for Emancipation as a steppi.g ,stone to Repeal. So late as three years before Eman cipation was granted, he most distinctly repeated this declaration at a charity dinner in the suburbs of Dublin, in answer to a counsel there given the Catholics by Lord Cloncurry to look for Emanci pation trasr. By far too large a portion of the Catholic gentry looked on Emancipation as a stepping- stone to their own advancement, and nothing more and, accordingly, when it was obtained, they set about feathering, or endeavouring- to feather, their nests. " But the records of the Repeal Association give abundant proofs-aod every week nov the proofs are increasing in number and weight-that the really valued portion of that class are faithful to their native land. It is curious to look over the newspapers at the end of the year 1828, and the first weeks of 1829, A despairing apathy seemed to have come over the people. This' enemy were in high and insolent triumph. Scarcely less was the triumph of the ,t wiseacre" class-that class who have been maun. dering these last four years about the "difficulties and impracticability" of Repeal. All looked gloomy and black ; but the dawn was near. What did Peel say then 2 "I feel myself bound to say, that after the conside. ration of every argument, and examination of every document illustrative of the question, it is the firm and unchanged conviction of my mind that the disabilities of the Catholics ought not to be re moved. " a a a I never knew of any security to compare with that we enjoy from our Protestant constitution. a* To persevere in steady opposition to the Catholic claims is the only course open to me l" And yet, within a few mouths, he swallowed his big words, and brought in and'carried the Emanei pation Bill I Wellington (being then Premier) made equally strong Protesafnt protestations. Shortly afterwards a T'ory riorning paper announced--".A report is in circulaiion that notwithitanding the recent declara lions of ihe Premier, the means of meeting the wishes of the Catholics engage the attention of .parties hitherto the most bostile to their claims." SWlat new light was it beamed on the minds of these hostile parties," including the wooden Duke, and him whom the veningpMail had just before glorified as " honest, fearlessr and uncompromising Robert Peel" ' " Simply, they found that it was no longer safe to refuse, what was demanded. And yet the 'Irish nation were not near so united in the demand as they are now ; and, above all, had not,acquired that admirable self-co'mmand. which enables them now to watch calmly, anod with a stern and boding smile, the.daily accumulating heap of wrongs, op. pressions, and insults, to which they are subjected. EMPIRE.-" Repeal would destroy the integrity of the empire," Is, and has been, a parrot.cry against' us, raised by those who cared very little for any kind of integrity themselves, publio or private. Let us see what is the present " INTOatsrw Or Ta Ea?PLRB I" Ireland, no doubt, is at present attached by the strong bonrds of affection to (reat Britain. I'he history of the connexion has been one uninterrupted series of benefits,and kindnesses codferred by the latter country I Irish commerce has always been particularly favored and encouraged 'by England. Englishmen have, with a reckless enthusiasm, sacrlifLced their own manufactures for the betnefit of thoseof Ireland I' English writers display an amiable but a moait exaggerated partiality towards Irdeland and.thrd Irish', This 'is particularly the case of late years,. when their.niewspaper writers-those inthe Time,S lforning :Herald iaud gorveiment papers, espoecialy -have poured out the 'moat overflowing: praisesof theoIrish people. and'their'priesls I' England does no?t take' i single penny from' Ire.' land-not .shabel English members (kind, loiing' friend a ss they are)' postpone e their own business1a and al t- a'crowded. house, night, after night, to debate and pass kind and useful act of legislation for Ireland. There are not as a any soldiers in Ireland altogether as in Lord De Grey's regiment of bumpkin hussars, over 100 strong--in short, English conduct towards Ireland is now is ever, marked by the greatest bonevolence and gentleness, and by an utter 'absence of oppression, of coward insult, of cold.blooded and malignant bigotryl I Il Therefore, of course, the integrity'of, thb dmpire is secure. If, indeed, we could imaglioe such a atate of things, as thait the larger of two kingdoms, united under one sovereign, had ever oppressed the smaller -had ever made heraplf hbe known and remembered, and writ in records as a periecutor and a tyrant if a compulsory union' had- robbed' the smaller, country of her natural 'protectors; and in 43 years of its existence Ihard4 toiyed her manufactures and commeice, and drained awiay every 'liilliog that could be wrung from her poverty-if 'a church establishment for a small minority, and every spe. cies of insult; foul calumny and slaimelesestortion, heaped upon' thle majority in the name of that chlurc-if the experience of these, anid a thousand other sufferings and wrongs, had caused he paeeple of the lesser country to' ask for the restorationi of tlheir protecting seniate-proffeiing thieir wa~rm hearted gratitude and enduring' love in return-and that their demand was met with an insolence'that . would "not be abhwn to the smallest and humblest body of petitioners belonging to the dominant country lierself-if that Insolence were followed up by the pouring in of masses of soldiery withi the av owed intention of organizing a ruthless massacre on the first occasion that could be had, or aDia- and every thing done to exasperate and provoke an unarmed people to precipitate themselves on the disciplined bayonets. . If, as we say, such a state of things as we have now described were found to exist ion any empiir of which we have knowledge, it would require no ghost to tell us that the ' integrity" of that empire would be a matter of curious speculation to the first foreign power that wished to humble a haughty and for. midable rival. ENGLAND.-The following lines of Byron are even nmore applicable to England in the present day, than when he wrote them r Oh, could she fully, truly, realy know H ow her great name is now throughout abhonred, J ow eager all the eartlh isfor the blow, Which shall lay bare her bosom to the sword! * * rShe who held out freedom to mankind, And now would chain them, to the very mind! This was pretty well for an Engitahman to writeof his country I " My boat never yet sunk with m?,"' said the fisherman to those who warned him of danger, "and therefore there's no fear of her doing so now." England is just now acting upon an equally logical conclusion. The peace of ,Europe has existed twenty-nine years; therefore it will last longer, and therefore she considered abse may indulge her hatred of Ireland. Meantime Louis Phil:ppe-who would not for the world (oh, assuredly not for the world I) quarrel with her, or do any thing to displease "'his good sister and ally".-finds himself (just at this moment when she cannot stir) compelled to lay hold of \lorocco I And his naval son, of course, greatly displeases the father, by writing .a pamphlet to increase the French naval power. In that pamphllet he talks much of what might be done in time of war on the French and English coasts respectively. It. was; no doubt, by a mere accident that he omitted to speaktof the loran coast ? N. B.-For the number of Irish seamen in the British navy, see article " Navy" in this Dic. tioaary. ESTABLISHMENT.-The following is the latest estimate of the wealth of the Church Estab. lishment in Ireland. It was made.by Mr. Ward in his speech on the subject last May, and although he challenged coatradtction, Lord Eliot did not dispute its accuracy. Episcopal Revenues, Deans, and Prebends, Minor Canons; and Vicars Choral .......£196,133 Deduct 25 per cent. .... 33,875 Remain nett Revenue - '162,258 Parochial and Episcopal Tithes and Dignitaries Lteceipts, £6?0,6J60 Deduct 26 per coot..... 130,165 Remain Nett--A £390,165 N.B. Nett revenue medans revenue Netted I In addition, value of Globes, asper Corenmassioner'a report, £80,000 Miuister s Money...... . tO,000 Demised titbui.......... 8;000 Total Nett -- £98,000( GOAnis Total ............ £650.413 Now, the last parliamentary return of the number of persons of different creeds in Ireland is known not to have erred at any rate on the side of under. stating thle Episcopalian Protestants, and yet it gave but 862,000 as their number. From this, however the Wesleyans (who lent themselies to the .Jip!soro.n. palians for the occasion) are to be deducted-via,,. 100,000 persons-leaving 752,000, whose religlont costs Ireland 650,4231. I. . : -,,, The ltepsalera have ever said that no existing interest in 'the Protestant establishment s~hsli be'" disturbed-that every person who entered the clerical profession on the faith of the nation shall be moat scrupulously preserved in his endowmentsh?bo?.. they fairly and openly say, and are as determined as they are upon the Repeal itself, that as existiog' interests fall in the cotrse of nature no new iietestas'. shall be created ; but sie funds'tihus treaudhall?be;, applied to tIe general purposes of the entire natio?p,:r? and the monstrous anomaly removed of a churi:Ich . establishment, for less than one eleventh of ther population of Ireland,. provided fon out. of adn a poekets of the o hrv tersn-telrntis' r _, - , 