A GHOST STORY OF CHRISTMAS. (By Boz.) CHRISTMAS comes but once a year, and right merrily he comes usually ; but there be cold, pelf-loving people, with pinched- up souls, who shut the doors in his face and bid him away for an extravagant ras- cal, while they would fain prevent him from distributing his savoury flesh-pots, and his "cakes and ale," and his merri- ments through the land. Let such read " The Ghost Story," and they will, per- haps, become wiser, and discover that the true happiness of this world arises from dispensing it as widely as possible ; that the highest pleasure consists in pleasing ; that, in truth, is neither happiness or pleasure, fun or merriment, without reciprocity. But what will the kind, and the good, and generous say to the book ? Why, they will love all around them the more deeply, laugh the more lightly, give the more generously, and, as we have done to our readers, cry out, " A merry, merry Christmas !" the more fervidly and heartily. Oh ! these are brave spirits that Boz has called up from the vasty deep, and we hope that, even now, they are walking abroad amongst man- kind, working their will and their good purposes ; miraculously transmuting blocks of marble into painting, tender, deep-throbbing, heart- shaped masses of muscular fibre, from which the purest of blood dances rich and warm through thousands of ramifications, giving a ruddy glow to parchment cheeks, a brighter earnestness to eyes heretofore cold as pebble stones, and a tinging sensation of delight to bosoms which have hitherto fostered no love or sympathy save for the first numeral, no charity save that which mopes in a must lodgment dignified by the title of home. Excellent Boz ! we would fain have thy spirits wander for ever, making new converts, and spread- ing gladness amongst the dwellings of men. Once more, a merry Christmas ! and come, we are in a generous humour : draw the curtains ; close round the bright fire : pass the wine, the toddy, if the reader please, or, it he belongs to the temperance order (this is liberty hall), he may use the water bottle. We are going to dish up the ''Ghost Story" for the entertainment of our friends. Read and relish. In the first stave of the carol we are told that "Marley was dead ;" and we learn, subsequently, that of this fact there was no doubt. It is evident that he was very dead — "dead as a door nail." Scrooge, the hero of the tale, a cold- hearted miser, once the partner of Mar- ley, now the inheritor of his business and property, knew that Marley was dead; but, though Marley had un- doubtedly been buried, Scrooge retained his name above the warehouse door, and all persons were admonished of Scrooge and Marley. Cold, stingy, and unfeel- ing, but above all and everything, so bitterly frigid, that it is related of him, that " the heaviest rain and snow, and hail, and sleer, could boast an advantage over him in only one respect ; they often came down handsomely, and Scrooge never did." One cold, bitter, biting, foggy Christ- mas-eve we have Scrooge pictured in his miserable counting house, near his own miserable fire, keeping his eye on the poor clerk, who was seated in a cell be- yond, with a fire so small that it " looked like one coal," and, as Scrooge would not allow it to be replenished, " the clerk put on a white comforter and tried to warm himself at the candle, in which effort, not being a man of strong imagination, he failed." The discomfort of the scene is for a moment put to flight by a poor, but cheerful nephew, who had married young and failed to make his way in the world, but who enters joyously, exclaim- ing "A merry Christmas, uncle ! God save you !" " Humbug!" says the uncle; and as humbug he treats all his nephew's speeches relative to the season, his warm invitation to dinner, and his still warmer gushes of affection. The nephew retired, still wishing his obdurate relative a merry Christmas, and bestowing a similar bene- diction on the poor clerk, who, though he had but fifteen shillings a week and a wife and family to support, talked as gaily about a merry Christmas as if he had been the roaster of thousands ; a delusion which caused Scrooge to contemplate re- tirement to Bedlam. As the nephew de- parted two gentlemen entered, who asked Scrooge to subscribe to a fund to pur- chase meat and drink, and means of warmth for the poor, but Scrooge, with scornful taunts, painted to the treadmill and union Workhouse, to which he sub- scribed compulsorily, and the gentlemen withdrew from their hopeless errand. The fog, and frost, and darkness thickened but the majority of the world,, intent on being comfortable, were busily preparing for Christmas. A boy essayed to regale the wealthy niggard with a carol, but was driven off. At length the hour of shutting up the counting house arrived. With an ill will Scrooge dismounted from his stool, and tacitly admitted the fact to the expectant clerk in the tank, who instantly snuffed his candle out and put on his hat. "You'll want all day to-morrow, I suppose ?" said Scrooge. "If quite convenient, sir." "It is not convenient," said Scrooge, "and its not fair. If I were to stop half-a- crown for it, you'd think yourself ill-used, I'll be bound." The clerk smiled faintly. " And yet," said Scrooge, " you don't think me ill used when I pay a day's wages for no work." The clerk observed that it was only once a year. " A poor excuse for picking a man's pocket every twenty-fifth of December," said Scrooge, buttoning his great coat to the chin. "But I suppose you must have the whole day. Be here all the earlier next morning." The clerk promised that he would ; and Scrooge walked out with a growl. The office was closed in a twinkling, and the clerk, with the long ends of his white comforter dangling below his waist (for he boasted no great coat), went down a slide on Cornhill, at the end of a lane of boys, twenty times, in honor of its being Christmas- eve, and then ran home to Camden Town, as hard as be could pelt, to play at blind-man's-buff. Scrooge took his usual melancholy tavern dinner, read the papers, and re- turned to the gloomy rooms which he occupied. As he entered the house he cast his eyes on the knocker, and saw, not without some feeling to which he was unaccustomed, that it represented, gleam- ing with s sort of ghastly light, the face of his deceased partner Marley. While he gazed at it, however, it became a knocker again, and he entered, looking, with a moment's irresolution, at the back of the door as if he half expected to be terrified with the sight of Marley's pig- tail sticking out into the hall. The fancies of Scrooge were all afloat about his late partner, it seems, though be had men- tioned him but once to the strangers who asked his subscription to the charity. He examined every apartment in his house that night, and having sat down before his morsel of fire to take his gruel, his thoughts again run upon Marley. But we must let Boz describe the ensuing scene himself. " 'Humbug!' said Scrooge; and walked across the room. " After several turns he sat down again. As he threw his head back in the chair, his glance happened to rest upon a bell, a disused bell, that hung in a room, and communicated for some pur- pose now forgotten within a chamber in the highest story of the building. It was with great astonishment, and with a strange, inexplicable dread, that, as he looked, he saw this bell begin to swing. It swung so softly in the outset that it scarcely made a sound ; but soon it rang out loudly, and so did every bell in the house. " This might have lasted half a minute, or a minute, but it seemed an hour. The bells ceased, as they had begun, to- gether. They were succeeded by a clinking noise, deep down below, as if some person were dragging a heavy chain over the casks in the wine mer- chant's cellar. Scrooge then remembered to have heard that ghosts in haunted houses were described as dragging chains. "The cellar door flew open with a booming sound, and then he heard the noise much louder on the floors below ; then coming up the stairs ; then coming straight towards his door. " 'It's humbug still!' said Scrooge, I won't believe it.' " His color changed, though, when, without a pause, it came on through the heavy door, and passed into the room before his eyes. Upon its coming in, the dying flame leaped up, at though it cried, 'I know him! Marley's ghost!' and fell again. " The same face; the very same. Marley in his pigtail, usual waistcoat, tights and boots; the tassels on the latter bristling, like his pigtail, and his coat skirts, and the hair upon his head. The chain he drew was clasped about his middle. It was long and wound him like a tail ; and it was made (for Scrooge observed it closely), of cash boxes, keys, padlocks, legers, deeds, and heavy purses wrought in steel. His body was transparent ; so that Scrooge, observing him and looking through his waistcoat, could see the two buttons on his coat behind. " Scrooge had often heard it said that Marley had no bowels, but he had never believed it until now. "No, nor did he believe it even now. Though he looked the phantom through and through, and saw it standing before him ; though he felt the abiding influence of its death-cold-eyes, and marked the very texture of the folded kerchief bound about its head and chin, which wrapper he had not observed before ; he was still incredulous and fought against his senses. " 'How now!' said Scrooge, caustic and cold as ever, 'What do you want with me?' " ' Much !' Marley's voice, no doubt about that. " ' Who are you ?' " 'Ask me who I was.' " ' Who were you then ?' said Scrooge, raising his voice. 'You're particular for a shade.' He was going to say, to a shade,' but substituted this as more ap- propriate. " ' In life I was your partner, Jacob Marley.' " ' Can you, can you sit down ?' asked Scrooge, looking doubtfully at him. " ' I can.' " ' Do it then.' " ' Scrooge asked the question, be- cause he did'nt know whether a ghost so transparent might find himself in a con- dition to take a chair ; and felt that in the event of its being impossible, it might involve the necessity of an embarrassing explanation. But the ghost sat down on the opposite side of the fire-place, as if he were quite used to it. " ' You don't believe in me observed the ghost. " ' I don't,' said Scrooge. " ' What evidence would you have of my reality, beyond that of your senses ?' " ' I don't know," said Scrooge. " ' Why do you doubt your senses?' " ' Because,' said Scrooge, ' a little thing affects them. A slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats. You may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a frag- ment of an underdone potato. There's more of gravy than of grave about you, Whatever you are ! ' " ' Scrooge was not much in the habit of cracking jokes, nor did he feel in his heart by any means waggish then. The truth is, that he tried to be smart, as a means of distracting his own attention and keeping down his terror, for the spectre's voice disturbed the very mar- row in his bones. " To sit, staring at those fixed, glazed eyes, in silence for a moment, would play, Scrooge felt, the very deuce with him. There was something very awful, too, in the spectre's being pro- vided with an infernal atmosphere of his own. Scrooge could not feel it himself, but this was clearly the case ; for, though the ghost sat perfectly motionless, its hair, and skirts, and tassels, were still agitated as by the hot vapor from an oven. " ' You see this toothpick?' said Scrooge, returning quickly to the charge, for the reason just assigned; and wish- ing, though it was only for a moment, to divert the vision's stony gaze from himself. " ' I do," replied the ghost. " You are not looking at it,' said Scrooge. " ' But I see it," said the ghost, not- withstanding. " ' Well !' returned Scrooge, ' I have but to swallow this and be for the rest or my days persecuted by a legion of gob- lins, all of my own creation. Humbug, I tell you ; humbug !' " At this, the spirit raised a fearful cry, and shook its chain with such a dis- mal and appalling noise, that Scrooge held tight to his chair, to save himself from falling in a swoon ; but how much greater was his horror when the phantom, taking off the bandage round its head, as if it was too warm to wear in doors, its lower jaw dropped on its breast! " Scrooge fell upon his knees, and clasped his hands before his face. " 'Mercy !' he said ; 'dreadful ap- parition, why do you trouble me ?" " 'Man of the worldly mind !' replied the ghost ; ' do you believe in me, or do you not ?' " ' I do,' said Scrooge. ' I must ; but why do spirits walk the earth ; and why do they come to me?' " ' It is required of every man,' the ghost returned, 'that the spirit within should walk abroad among his fellow men, and travel far and wide ; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death. It is doomed to wander through the world, oh, wo is me ! and witness what it can- not share, but might have shared it on earth, and turned to happiness !' " Again the spectre raised a cry, and shook its chain, and wrung its hands. " ' You are fettered,' said Scrooge, trembling, tell me why ?" " ' I wear the chain I forged in life,' said the ghost. ' I made it link by link, and yard by yard ; I girded it on of my own free will, and of my own free will I wore it. Is its pattern strange to you ?' " Scrooge trembled more and more. " 'Or would yon know,' further pur- sued the ghost; ' the weight and strength of the strong coil you bear your- self ? It was full as heavy and as strong as this, seven Christmas-eves ago. You have labored on it since. It is a pon- derous chain.' "Scrooge glanced about him on the floor, in the expectation of finding him- self surrounded by some fifty or sixty fathoms of iron cable ; but he could see nothing. " ' Jacob,' he said imploringly ; old Jacob Marley, tell me more ; speak com- fort to me, Jacob.' " ' I have none to give,' the ghost re- plied ; ' it comes from other regions, Ebenezer Scrooge, and is conveyed by other ministers to other kinds of men. Nor can I tell you what I would. A very little more is all permitted to me. I can- not rest, I cannot stay, I cannot linger anywhere. My spirit never walked be- yond our counting-house, mark me ! — in life my spirit never roved beyond the narrow limits of our money changing hole ; and weary journeys lie before me !' " It was a habit of Scrooge, whenever he became thoughtful, to put his hands into his breeches pockets. Pondering on what the ghost had said, he did so now, but without lifting up his eyes, or getting up from off his knees. " ' You must have been very slow about it, Jacob,' Scrooge observed in a business-like manner, though with humi- lity and deference. " ' Slow !" the ghost repeated. " ' Seven years dead,' mused Scrooge ; ' and travelling all the time ?' " ' The whole time," said the ghost. ' No rest, no peace. Incessant torture of remorse." " ' You travel fast ? ' said Scrooge. " ' On the wings of the wind,' replied the ghost. " ' You must have got over a great quantity of ground in seven years, said Scrooge. " The ghost, on hearing this, set up another cry, and clanked its chain so hideously in the dead silence of the night, that the ward would have been justified in indicting it for a nuisance. " ' Oh ! captive, bound, and double ironed,' cried the phantom, ' not to know that ages of incessant labour by immortal creatures, for this earth must pass into eternity before the good of which it is susceptible is all developed. Not to know that any Christian spirit working kindly in its little sphere, whatever it may be, will find its mortal life too short for its vast means of usefulness. Not to know that no space of regret can make amends for one life's opportunities mis- used ! Yet such was I. Oh! such was I.' " ' But you were always a good man of business, Jacob,' faultered Scrooge, who now began to apply this to himself. " ' Business !' cried the ghost, wring- ing its hands again. ' Mankind was my business. The common welfare was my business; charity, mercy, forbearance, and benevolence, were all my business. The dealings of my trade were but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business !' " It held up its chain at arm's length, as if that were the cause of its unavailing grief, and flung it heavily upon the ground again. " ' At this time of the rolling year,' the spectre said, ' I suffer most. Why did I walk through crowds of fellow-beings, with my eyes turned down, and never raise them to that blessed star which led the wise men to a poor abode ? Were there no poor homes to which its light would have conducted me ?' " Scrooge was very much dismayed to hear the spectre going on at this rate, and began to quake exceedingly. " ' Hear me !' cried the ghost. ' My time is nearly gone.' " 'I will,' said Scrooge. "But don't be hard upon me ! Don't be flowery, Jacob ! Pray !' " ' How it is that I appear before you in a shape that you can see, I may not tell. I have sat invisible beside you many and many a day.' " It was not an agreeable idea. Scrooge shivered, and wiped the perspi- ration from his brow. " ' That is no light part of my penance,' pursued the ghost. ' I am here to-night to warn you that you have yet a chance and hope of escaping my fate. A chance and hope of my procuring, Ebenezer.' " ' You were always a good friend to me said Scrooge. ' Thank'ee !' " ' You will be haunted,' resumed the ghost, 'by three spirits.' " Scrooge's countenance fell almost as low as the ghost's had done. " ' Is that the chance and hope you mentioned, Jacob ?' he demanded, in a faltering voice. " ' It is.' " ' I — I think I'd rather not,' said Scrooge. " ' Without their visits," said the ghost, ' you cannot hope to shun the path I tread. Expect the first to-morrow, when the bell tolls one.' " 'Couldn't I take 'em all at once, and have it over, Jacob ?' hinted Scrooge. " ' Expect the second on the same night at the same hour. The third upon the next night when the last stroke of twelve has ceased to vibrate. Look to see me no more ; and look that, for your own sake, you remember what has passed between us !' " The ghost, not exactly after the man- ner of apparitions generally, took its de- parture through the open window : but this gave Scrooge an opportunity of see- ing a multitude of wandering spirits, and hampered with various appendages, which had chained their souls while on earth, burning, but unable to make atone- ment ; and " the misery with them all was, clearly, that they sought to interfere for good in human matters, and had lost the power for ever." Scrooge tried the door, which he found double locked ; and tried to ejaculate " Humbug !" but he dare not. Stave two of the " carol," for it is a carol in prose, introduces the first of the three spirits. Scrooge lay in bed, and recollected that a ghostly visitant had been promised ; but he was sceptical, and uttered an ejaculation of triumph when the clock warned him by the quar- ter that the hour had arrived. " He spoke before the hour bell had sounded, which it now did with a deep, dull, hollow, melancholy ONE. Light flashed up in the room upon the instant, and the curtains of the bed were drawn. " The curtains of his bed, I tell you, were drawn aside by a hand. Not the curtains at his feet, nor the curtains at his back, but those to which his face was addressed. The curtains of his bed were drawn aside, and Scrooge, starting up into half- recumbent attitude, found him- self face to face with the unearthly visiter who drew them — as close to it as I am now to you, and I am standing in the spi- rit at your elbow. " It was a strange figure — like a child, yet not so like a child as like an old man, viewed through some supernatural me- dium, which gave him the appearance of having receded from the view, and being diminished to a child's proportions. Its hair, which hung about its neck and down its back, was white as with age ; and yet the face had not a wrinkle in it, and the tenderest bloom was on the skin. The arms were very long and muscular ; the hands the same, as if its old were of uncommon strength. Its legs and feet, most delicately formed, were, like those upper members, bare. It wore a tunic of the purest white, and round its waist was bound a lustrous belt, the sheen of which was beautiful. It held a branch of fresh green holly in its hand, and, in sin- gular contradiction of that wintry em- blem, had its dress trimmed with sum- mer flowers. But the strangest thing about it was, that, from the crown of its head, there sprung a clear bright jet of light, by which all this was visible ; and which was, doubtless, the occasion of its using, in its duller moments, a great extinguisher for a cap, which it now held under its arm. " Even this, though, when Scrooge looked at it with increasing steadiness, was not its strangest quality. For as its belt sparkled and glittered now in one part, and now in another, and what was light one instant was at another time dark, so the figure itself fluctuated in its distinctness— being now a thing with one arm, now a thing with one leg, now with twenty legs now a pair of legs without a head, now a head without a body ; of which dissolving parts no outline would be visible in the dense gloom wherein they melted away. And in the very wonder of this it would be itself again— distinct, and clear as ever. " ' Are you the spirit, sir, whose com- ing was foretold to me ?' asked Scrooge. " ' I am.' " The voice was soft and gentle. Sin- gularly low, as if, instead of being so close beside him, it were at a distance. " ' Who and what are you ?' Scrooge demanded. " ' I am the ghost of Christmas Past.' " ' Long past ?' inquired Scrooge, ob- servant of its dwarfish stature. " ' No. Your past.' " The ghost informed Scrooge that he had come for his welfare and reclamation ; and the phantom forthwith led the miser to the scenes of his boyhood, where his heart softened under gentle influences that came with the recollections of by- gone years and past sufferings. He saw the laughing boys trotting homewards, and heard them wish each other a blythe, merry Christmas, and his heart leaped up and his eye glistened. The school was deserted, save by one solitary child, who, neglected by his father, sat alone in the room ; and in that solitary boy Scrooge recognised himself and sobbed. But, as he contemplated the lonely boy, who sat reading, near a feeble fire, visions of Ali Baba, and Valentine and Orson, and the genii of the Arabian Nights passed before him ; and after he had lived over a portion of his boyhood in these fancies, he wept in pity for his former self ; and when he asked the spirit what the matter was, he said, " Nothing, nothing. There was s boy singing a Christmas carol at my door, last night ; I should like in have given him some- thing — that's all." Another Christmas was brought about, and again the other boys had gone home for the jolly holi- days; but the solitary boy was left in the same room, which had become dark, dirty, dilapidated. " He was not reading now, but walking up and down despairingly. Scrooge looked at the ghost, and, with a mourn- ful shaking of his head, glanced anxiously at the door. (To be continued.) \------------------------------------- Chinese Jest. — A man of letters, who spent a great part of the night in study, kept a kettle on the fire to make tea, as a stimulus when he should be wearied. One night hearings thief breaking the wall he took post by it with the kettle in his hand ; and when the theif had thrust both his legs through the aperture, the student seized them, and poured the boiling water upon them. The robber roared for mercy. " Wait," replied the other coolly, " until I empty the kettle.' Peter the Great's Opinion of Lawyers. — When Peter the Great was sojourn- ing among us, for the purpose of making himself aquainted with our various crafts, in pursuance of his plan he attended at Westminster Hall, during a trial conducted by certain of the most eminent counsel of the day. At its con- clusion, he was asked what he thought of the system of English jurisprudence. "When I left Russia," he replied, " there were three lawyers in St. Petersburgh ; as soon as I return, I'll hang two of them." 