STORY OF OLD AMBROSE. From the English Citizen .) My time has passed away in much the same man ner as that of hundreds of others in my station. I have had many trials, but many more mercies, in my .day. I have been a hard working man from my youtn up. x ear alter year, ana day alter (lay, from sunrise to sunset, I have laboured for my bread; My chief pride has been to give my master an honest day's work for his wages ; and when one day's work was done, my chief care has been to be sure of work to-morrow. Many's the time I have not been sure how to get my daily bread ; but some how or other, God has always provided for me. I was born at the little village of A——, just on the other side of the town ; and I do not, know that I was ever 10 miles from it except once, when I drove Farmer Yolkham's famous beast, that won the prize at the cattle-show. My father and mother had four children, and I was the eldest. All the learn ing I ever got was at the Sunday-school. We were taught to read, but not to write. The Clergyman used to take great pains to teach us the Church Catechism, and tell us the privileges of our baptism, and that if . we prayed earnestly, and strove and trusted in God, he would give us strength through the Holy Ghost to persevere in keeping liis laws to our lives end. He used to have us before him in Church after the second Lesson, and ask us questions before the congregation. They have left off' that custom now in all the Churches ; but it was a good way of teaching poor folks ; and the childrens parents used to think a good deal about it. When I was about fourteen I got wildish, and used to go out with other boys bird-nesting and rat-hunt ing, and sometimes played truant on Sundays ; which hurt my father more than anything, for he was very anxious about his children, and took great pains to train us in the good ways. I remember — indeed I have good reason to re member — going one Sunday with some other boys and snaring a hare. It was the first and last I ever snared, and I was very proud of it, and thought I had done a very fine tiling ; though I knew it was wrong, ior my lamer hru ouen toia me so. Mv fAther heard what I had done. He was a mild but resolute man, not subject to violent passions, but firm and determined. I shall never forget the look h,e gave me. So you have been snaring a hare, said'he, ' when 1 ordered you not.' I was all of a tremble, for he took out a large clasp-knife, and opened it, looking at me very sternly. He got up and walked out at the cottage door- 1 could not think what he was going to do ; however, I soon found out, for he came back with a tbiekish ash plant' Which he had cut out of the garden hedge, and taking me by the collar, gave trie the soundest , thrashing I ever had in my life. ' Now go to bed' SI- said he, ' and I will talk to you more about it to morrow.' Next day about the same time, he called me to him ; and seeing that I was very penitent, he spoke to me with great kindness. 'Ambrose' said he, 'lam glad to see you ashamed of yourself for what you have done It was a very sinful deed. You have broken three of God's Commandments You broke' the fourth commandment, in not keeping the Lord's Day holy, but going after your own pleasure ; you broke the fifth commandment in not honouring and obeying your father ; you broke the eighth com mandment, which says, ' Thou shalt not steal the hare you killed belonged io the squire, because it was bred and fed on his land, and he is at great expense to take care of them. So that you sinned against your duty towards God, and your duty towards your neighbour. Let me never hear of your doing the like again." I promised him that he should not. " Well, we will talk no more about it; 1 can assure you, my son, it hurt me to beat you quite as much as it hurt you to be beaten. It is the first time 1 ever did. so, and I hope it will be the last. Perhaps this beating will save you from being a thief and a poacher." And so it did ; I never poached again. And often when I have seen the evil courses which others have fallen into, who began first by snaring a hare, and their parents encouraged them, I have thanked God for giving me a good parent who - checked me at the first. My lather was kinder to me than ever, afterwards, and I soon forgot the beating, though the good effects of it still remained. Soon after these happened what I have always looked on as most important event in my life. The clergyman gave out in the church, that the Bishop would come to. the town of in about six weeks, and all the young people were to go to the Cathedral to be con firmed. 1 did not very much heed it at the time, and thought only about having a holyday ; but when I got home, my father said to me, " Ambrose, this is a very serious business : you are going to renew, in, the presence of God, the promises and vows which were made for you at . your baptism, and so secure a continuance of 'God's blessing. I wish yon to know thoroughly what you are going to do. The clergy man has given notice that he intends to explain all about it to you, every Tuesday and Thursday, at half-past six o'clock in the evening ; and I would have you go every day without fail, for he can teach you more about it than I can." I wasgoing, to tell my father, that that, was just the time when I had to take home farmer Yolkham's horses, but he prevented me ; "I will speak to your master, and I have no doubt he will let me look to the horses for you." 'Farmer Yolkham readily consented, and let me off From my work a quarter of an hour earlier, in order that I might clean myself before going to the par sonage. So I went regularly twice a week, with about twenty other boys ; the girls went on Wednes days and Fridays. Some of the boys took it very lightly, and thought all they had to do was to say the catechism, by heart; but God gave me the under standing to see that it was a business of great im portance, and I was very anxious to learn thoroughly what it was that 1 was going to take upon myself. The clergyman went step by step through the catechism with us. explaining every part of it ; shew ing us that we were made God's children at baptism , and pledged by our sponsors to walk according to God's laws, and to believe in him and obey him all the days of our life. Then he shewed us what we were to believe, and what we weie to do, as it is summed up in the cr,eed and the commandments, and. how we were to seek, by prayer, for God's assistance, without which we could do nothing. All this he - taught us carefully ; and if some were inattentive, he explained it over and over again. I am sure if any of us did not quite understand it, and perceive the great importance of it, it was not his fault. The day before we went, he had us all before him at the Church, boys and girls as well, and a good many of the parents came. He told us, that as he had so often questioned us and was satisfied with our an swers, he should not do so again . but would take the opportunity of speaking to us again about what we were to do when we went to the Cathedral the next day. I-Ie then bade us open our prayer-books, and he went thro' the Confirmation Service, shewing us where we were to answer, and how we were to behave ourselves. And then he told us, that tho' it was necessary that we should perform our parts of the service respectfully and reverently, yet it was on the frame and disposition of niind in which we renewed our solemn engagements with God, that the benefit of confirmation mainly depended; and he bade us piay earnestly for God's grace to enable us to do our part heartily and sincerely. I paid great attention to what he said, for he spoke to us as if we were his own children ; and 1 prayed that night and the next morning more earnestly than I had ever done before. It was a day that I shall never forget as long as I live, because I think that I began to make improve ment from that time. The sun shone brightly and cheerfully as we walked to the town. There was a cart with benches in it, which held about a dozen girls, and they went in it, half and half at a time, the rest walking with the school-mistress ; the boys went behind with the master. When we got to the great door of the Cathedral, the clergyman met us very kindly, and led us in with him, and ranged us all in order. There were three or four hundred besides ourselves, and a beautiful sight it was. Most of the boys and girls behaved very well, though Some were too much looking about them ; but when the service began, we all listened very attentively. I remember I was sitting near tiie Bishop ; and when he asked us the question, " Do ye here in the presence of God and of the congregation, renew the solemn promise and vow which was made in your name at your Baptism, ratifying and confirming the same in your own persons, and acknowledging your- selyep bound to believe and do all those things which your juoarauiers ana ijoamotners then undertook for you I answered " I do," so loud that the Bishop looked at me as if lie was glad to hear me speak so heartily ; and thought he remembered it again when he came to put his hand upon my head." I felt very humble and grateful to God when the Bishop blessed trie and prayed for me, saying— " Defend, 0 Lord, this thy child with thy heavenly grace, that he may continue thine for ever, and daily increase in thy Holy Spirit moie and more until he come to thy everlasting Kingdom." I know that the Bishop stood in the place of the Apostles, and had a divine commission from God to pronounce his blessing upon his servants. Afterwards when he went to. his throne to address its, you might have heard a pin drop. He explained to us over again-; but in more , grave and solemn language than the clergyman, the meaning of- what we had been doing, and ihe nature of the engagements into which we had now 'entered for ourselves. He told us that we were now pledged by our own promise, to heap God's commandments, and that we must keep them not in the letter only, but in the spirit. Confirmation, he said, was after a great turning point in life. If we sincerely prayed to God, and resolved from henceforth to walk in his way, our lives would be satisfactory and full of comfort ; whether we were rich or poor, servants or masters, it mattered not, while God was with us, and we were in good hope of obtaining glory hereafter. But if we forgot our promises, we should get into bad ways, and grow continually worse and-worse, and be miserable in this world, and eternally lost- in the next. After this, he concluded by .telling us that it would be our' high privilege to partake of the body and blood- of Christ- OiirJ Lord and' lie 'earnestly advised us to .liegin'.'bri; the first opportunity') 'and Continue it thro' life. ' ' It is more than sixty years since that day ; . biit'I never see the grey spirit of the Cathedral peering over the hill, but. 1 think on the promises and vows' -which 1 made in. the presence of God and- the congregation ; and fancy I again'hear;the;Bishop's/textLf;Continae thou in the things which thou lias learnt and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them, and that from 'a! child1 tlio'u hast known the Holy Scriptures ."which are able to make thee wise unto salvation, thro1 faith which is in Christ Jesus." That day was indeed blessed by God to my profit. I began to pray both night and morning more earnestly and regularly than 1 had done, and to think about what I was doing.' I went regularly with' my father to Church, morning and evenin g , and always attended the Lord's Supper; Some of the young fellows about my age laughed at me, and said1 it was time when 1 was an old man to go to Church twice a day, and to attend the Sacrament.1 But I told them) J did not know that I ever should be an obi man ; and that the Bishop, as well as the Clergyman, had advised us to begin immediately, and I saw tioTaughing matter in it, for the best people ; in The parish all did so." Thus I used to argue tit first ; but after awhile I found a surer argument, from- the experience which I had of the benefits of Holy Communion ,' as' well as the other services of the Church. I' found that it brought before me a lively remembrance of all that Christ the Lord had done' arid suffered for us, so that when I was tempted 'to sin.' all these tilings came into my mind, and saved me from the temptation; And the more I shaped my life according to the word of God, the happier I always was. I felt quite certain that God's word was truth ; and full of hope that he would save me for the sake of His Son- Jesus, and. make me holy through - liis' spirit. I came to take great delight in tlie prayers; and services, and teach ing in the Church. ' I knew it was all taken from the word of God, for the clergyman took riot only his text from Scripture, but', explained it by other texts, proving to ns from' 'the Scriptures, that what he taught was right. 1 have often' thought what should we poor people do, if- there were 1 no Parish Church for us to go to, and no clergyrrian to teach us what lost, miserable, ignorant creatures we should he ! ' ' , i y (to be "continued.) 