THE FIRST PROVINCIAL COUNCIL AND SYNOD OF AUSTRALASIA.. -o John Bede by the Grace of God and of the Holy Apostolical See-Archbishop of Sydney, to the Clergy and Laity of the Archdiocese. Health and Blessing in our Lord. Amongst the duties of our Archiepiscopal station and charge, one of the most important is, at stated times to hold our Provincial Council, for the removal of abuses and the establishment of discip. line, after the wont of our fathers in the faith, and as directed by the holy Council of Trent. Wherefore, we have summoned to meet us in Council, our dearly beloved and venerable Brothers in Christ, Robert William, Bishop of Hobarton, and Francis, Bishop of.Adelaide, our suffragans, and we have directed an Edict.to this effect to be affixed to the doors of our Metropolitan Church for the due'publication of the same. .Our Council will be opened this day, Tuesday, the 10th instant, and at the same time we " have directed our dearly beloved Clergy to assemble in Synod, as directed by the Apostolical Canon, in our said Metropolitan Church. Having, therefore, before our minds, in all humility, that sentence of the blessed James the Apostle, that every just and perfect gift cometh from above, descending from the Father of Light, who giveth to those who ask for it, wisdom, even abundantly ; and uppbraidelh not. And again, feeling that the fear of the Loid is the beginning of wisdom, we entreat the faithful of our Arch- diocese to acknowledge with grief of heart, their past tranagressions, and resolve on amendment of life, that thus disposed their prayers may more readily ascend unto the.throne of Grace. Let their' earnest supplications be offered, that the divine spirit may replenish us ; our Venerable Episcopal brethren, and our Clergy-that we may in all things study that the blessed will of God may be accomplished amongst us-that we may walk in all things pleasing- preaching the word in power and giving to our flocks the pattern of a holy life. And that the faithful may be united with their pastors at stated times for prayers, we herebybgive notice, that on Tues day, the 10th, Solemn Mass will be celebrated to invoke the Holy Spirit-on Wednesday, Requiem Mats for our brethren in Christ, the Clergy de- ceased within our jurisdiction-on Thursday, a Votive Mass of the Blessed Virgin under the title Auxilium Christianoaum, the title by which the holy Mother of God is invoked as patroness of our Ecclesiastical Province. Mass will begin each day at half past eight o'clock in the morning, and the .Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament at Seven in the evening. The peace of God be with you 'all. H. G. GREGORY., Secretary. The Catholic community of these colonies are much accustomed to consider themselves in the~ light of an infant church; to look upon this branch of the Catholic tree as a delicate scion of tender years; and to speak of the Catholic worship amongst us as something progressing indeed towards ma- turity, but still requiring the aid of years to ripen it 'into perfection. They remember the days when the w'orship of the Catholic religion was a thing un- known to those regions. They can tell the time when these shores first beheld the sacred mysteries of the faith performed by the ministry of a Catholic priest. They have seen the early exile of one priest, the protracted persecutions, the bitter trials, and the gigantic singlehanded labours of another. It seems to them but as yesterday, and the day before, when they hailed the announcement of a Catholic clergy. man's arrival, as a message of happiness, too rich and extraordinary to be hoped for more than once in six or seven years. Many who were eye witnesses to these things, are still living in the midst of us, not bowed down .with the.burdens of old Age- not yet crowned with thie grace of snowy locks, but hale, vigorous, and youthful, 'every mental faculty improved, every personal power unimpaired. What they beheld with their eyes, their lips have faith. fully recorded to their children, and the young and the old alike are conversant with the history of-the Catholic religion in Australaels. Indeed, if the Austraslsaso church be measured by the rule of its years, it is an. infant church ; if, moreover, we compare its present aspect with the featuresof the churches founded by the.Apostles and their sainted successors in the infancy of chaistianlty,. we 'cannot fail to discover a .marked ?esemblance. A handful of priests, charged with the conversion, instruction, and sanctification of thousands and tens of thousands of human beings scattered over immense tracts of country, where mutual intercourse is always diffcult, often daogerous, and asometimes absolutely impossible. A host of .prejudices, pausions, and interests starting up every moment, to obstruct the missioner in his laborious path. A waatof means toredecorate the temples, the altars., and the rites' of religion, and to invest them with that decent eaternal which, in older churches, so materially serves to challenge the resiect of strangers, at the same time that'it elevates the piety and inflames the devotion of those who belong to the household of the faith. In these and some other particulars, it is true, the church, in the Australasian colonies at the present day, beas a closre resemblance to the infant churches of the Apostles times; but is it not agqually true, I would beg to ask the Australasslan Catholic, that this our church enjoys at the present moment the fullners of perfect organization n all thbe com. pleteneas of the oldest and most venerable churches, that have ever abhed a lustre on the psge ol ecclesi. cal history 1 The venerated prelates who govern the several dioceses in this church, form n well defiocd hterarchy, not less eminent for literary attsninents, than graced with the most unequivocal sanctity-not less earnest in the promotion of Catholic discipline, than zealous for the purity of Catholic faith .: The Metropolitan Church of Sydoey is raised to the dignity ofan Archlepiscopal See, servad by a flourishing community of Bene dictine Monks. It has sis Deaneries in its juris. diction, sided by the missions of a confraterolly ol Passionists for the" aborigines-blessed with the pious exertions of two houses of. the Sisters of Charity, and deriving important assistance from a college of Laserites, or Christlian Brothers. In the Sydney Cathedral of St. Mary, priests and deacons have been ordained, nuns have been received, monks professed, ard lately a prince of the sanctuary was consecrated, and finally, that nothing should be wanting to complete the picture of a perfect church, fashioned after the apostolic model, a council and synod of the Australasalso clergy has just been bolden in the Metropolitan City of Sydney. The Provincial Council was convened for the 10th, 11th, and 12th instant, by his Grace the Most Rev. John Bede Polding, of the Order of St. Benedict, Archbishop of Sydney; and consisted of his Grace, the Right Rev. Dr. Wilson, Bishop of Hobart Town, and the Right Rev. Francis Murphy, the newly consecrated Bishop of Adelaide. The Rev. Dr. Gregory, O. S. B. Prior of the Cathe dral of Sydney. The Rev. Messrs. M'Encroe and Bourgeois, con sulting theologians to the Archbishop of Sydney. The Rev. Ambrose Cotbam, O. S. B., and the Rev. N. Coffey, O. S. F,, consulting theologians to the Bishop of Hobart Town. The Rev. Charles Lovat and the Rev. Peter Young, consulting theologians to the Bishop of Adelaide. The Synod was convened for the same time and place, to'which the following Priests were sum moned. The Rev. Dr. Gregory, O. S. B., Cathedral Prior of St. Mary, Sydney. The Rev.. Patrick B. Ceoghegan, Vicar Foran, (absent.) The Rev, John M'Encroe, Dean of Sydney. The Rev. C. Sumner, O. S. B., Procurator General of the Mission. The Rev. C. Lovat, Dean of Yass. The Rev. N. Coffey, O. S. F., Dean of Windsor. The Rev. James Goold, O. S. A. Dean of Camp. bell Town. The Rev. M. O'Reilly, Dean of Bathurst, (absent.) The Rev. Edmund Mahoney, Dean of Maitland. (absent.) The Rev. Ambrose Cotham, O. S. B, Synodal witness to the Diocese of Hobart Town. The Rev. Vincent Bourgeois, Secretary to the Synod. The Rev. John Bigney, Archdeacon of the Synod and Synodal witness for the Deanery of Camp bell Town. The Rev. William Benson, Synodal witness for the Deanery of Sydney. The Rev. Vincent Dowliog, O. 8. D., Provincial Councillor. TheRev. Michael Brenoan, Prolocutor to the Clergy and Synodal witness for the Deanery of Yass. The Rev. John Fitzpatrick, Prolocutor to the Clergy. The Rev. John Lynch, Synodal witness for the Deanery of Maitland. The Rev. Thomas Slattery, Synodal witness for the Deanery of Windsor. The Rev. M. Ryan, Synodal witness for the Diocese of Adelaide. The Rev. Peter Young, consulting theologian. The Rev. John Kavenagh, The Rev. Richard Walsh, The Rev. James M'Grath, i ie Rev. Peter Stephens, 0.S. F. The Rev. Martin Heston, - absent. The Rev. Joseph M'Vey, O. S. F. 'The Rev. James Kavonagh, The Rev. - Coghlan, O. S. D., i The Rev. John Kenny, i The Rev. John Grant. The Rev. James Dunphy. The Rev. Pstrick M'Gioness, (absent.) The Rev. Patrick Hallinan. The Rev. Daniel Doane. The Rev. James Hanley, (absent.) The Rev. Robert M'Cormick. The opening of the council on the morning of Tuesday, the 12th September, was accompanied with all the solemn and imposing ceremonies which the church wisely ordains shall be used in cele. brating an event of so great interest and importance, as the holding a Provincial Council and Synod. The Archbishop celebrated the mass of the Holy Ghost, in which the suffragan Bishops attended in full pontificals, the Archdeacon, Deacon, Sub deacon in sacred vestments, the choir and clergy in surplices. The Dumont Mass was sung in the solemn Gregorian chaunt. The high altar was resplendent with lights and decorations, and a number of children knelt round the foot of the altar, holding lighted tapers in their hands. The gospel being sung by the deacon, the Rev. the Dean of Windsor ascended the pulpit, and froth the well known teat in the 28th chapter of St Matthew's Gospel, " Go ye, therefore, teach all nations," .&c.;, he took occasion to deliver an eloquent and luminous discourse on the Church's Catholicity. His sermon contaiued an interestink review of the history of our religion from the date of Christ's commission to his Apostles, mentioned in St. Luke, " l~.inning from Jerusalem," down to our own times, when even at the very extremities of the earth, we beheld .the Heaven-born Church of Christ flourishing, severed,and dispensing countless blessings to the nations. He contrasted the con. stlant, steady progression of the Christian Church with the instability of all those bhuman Institutions-, whether of empire or of philosophy, which have appeared and disappeared since the birth of Christianity ; he marked the progress, of the Iaith, noder the grinding persecutions of the three brsa centuries; its equally unchecked cireer under the couslly blandishmeinta of four succeeding ages; he showed the steadines with which it still maintained its noble course amidst the loundatione of barbareism that laid *ia ruins, dnring the middle ages, the proudest monuments of proced!lg.power, patriotism, sod refinement. The straugediscordant innovations in doctrine and .discipline to which the last three hundred years have given birth wisi described bj the preacher as no less Ineffectual to inmpede the progress of the faith,. than were the instruments of perseeutlon to annihilate it, the blandishments of emperors.to nervatre it, or the darkness otf barbarism to extinguish its light. He took up the parable of the mustard seed,' and applied it with admirable effect to the history of the Church, proving that parable to be in reality a divine prophecy whose failfilment appears to.day as clear as noonday evidence, in the present glorious position of the Catholic Church, where " from the rising of the sun to the going down of thie same the name of the Lord is great among the Gentiles,' The learned preacher having ended his bril. liant discourse, the Pontifical Mass was pro. ceeded with. At the close of the last gospel, the Archbishop, the Bishops and all the Clergy knelt before the altar; the choir sang the antiphon Exaudi, and his 'Grace in toned the 68th Psalm, Saolvmns me fac Danus,t snd at thes end of the Brst verse arose, and tsakiog his mitre and crosler, remained standing before the altar, while the choir eang the psalm. The most reverend celebrant then, uncovered, offered up in a solemn voice the beautiful prayer in the pontiical, invoking the Holy Ghost, and beggiog the benign Spirit of God to extend his guidance to the Synod and take' the first Council of the Australasian' hObnurch into his protection. The litanies were nest sung. b the choir, while all present kneeling responded in order. At the passae, '.Thqi thou vouchsafe to visii, direct, and bless the present Synod, we beseech thee bear us," the Archbishop arose, and taking his mitre and crozier, he tuiiled to the Synod, and making the sign of the cross as usual, blessed all present. The litanies ended, a prayer for the whole church was said' by his Grace uncovered. The Deacon sang the gospel from the 9th chapter, of St.. Luke, the choir chaunted the hymn, " Veni Creator Spiritus." The Arclibishop read a latin discourse to the clergy. The Arch. deacon recited in a loud voice, the decrees of the holy council of Trent, regarding the profession of faith to be made' in the presence of all prelates convening councils and presiding over their arrange. ments. After this, ill repeated the words of the pre scribed form of'faith slowly and solemnly, and, having made the. usual promises to the. Archbishop, regarding their regular attendance duriig the sue ceassves sessions of the synod, and their punctual discharge of the several functions -annexed to their respective offices, the Archbishop, Bishops,. and other clergy took their appointed places, and pro. ceeded to the business for 'which the synod ' was convened. The session of the frst day continued three hours. Z here was a solemn benediction of the most holy Sacrament in the evening, and a ser mon was preached by the Rev. John.M'Eocroe, on the Apostolioeft of the church, from the text of St. ,Matthew," Behold I am with you all days even to Ithe consummation of the world." This discourse -was well designed by the preacher, as auxiliary to the sermon preached by the Rev. Mr. Coffey in the morning, on the Catholiecty. As by tracing the course of christianity from its source in the city of Jerusalem, eighteen hundred years ago, down to -the Present time, when its fertilising waters flow through the nations of the earth, Mr. Coffey showed the Catholicity of the church a so Mr. M'Eneroe, by tracing the church's history back from the present day to the times of the apostles, clearly established the identity of the Catholic Church now, with the Church of the apostles, with whom as with their legitimate successors, the Re. deemer promised to remain " even to the consum. mation of the world." The second session of the synod began on the Ilth instanit, with a solemn mass, in black vest. ments for all the deceased clergy of the Diocese. Th'e Bishop of Hobart Town was High Priest, the Rev. Vincent Bourgeois, Assistant Priest, the Rev. John Grant, Deacon, and the Rev. James Dunphy, Subdeacon. His Grace the Archbishop preached from the text of Maccabees, " It is a holy and a wholesome thought to pray for the dead." fie appealed, in the most feeling language, to the instinctive tender Leartedness and pious sympathies of his beloved clergy, and earnestly besought them, by every kind and tender consideration, to bear in continual remembrance at their prayers, the souls of their departed fellow labourers in this mission. In the subdued accents of funeral panegyric, his Lordship proceeded to recount the sacrifices and extol the virtues of those good souls who generously forfeited their mortal lives for the sake of Itheir Redeemer and his religion, in this portion of the Lord's vineyard, and the unbidden tribute of his tears accompanied his affecting allusion to each of the four departed priests who have given their lives as so many holocausts of zeal on the altar of the Australasian mission. 'One was called away on a sudden-another was tried in the purifying furnace of lingesing sickness-a third was taken to God at the very ou:set of his ministerial labours-and the fourth entered the rest -of his Lord, after having served the church, fulfilled Iis mission, edified the faithful, and endeared himself to his brother mis siooere, by his retiring meekness, his unfeigned piety, and his characteristic suavity of disposition. in noting the different exits by which these excellent men terminated their lives and labours, the preacher traced, with graphic skill, the omniscient designs of an Almighty Providence .. From the good Sisters of Charity also, a pure and holy soul has been taken in the bloom of youth, in the meridian of sanctity, in the plenitude of her innocence, Like the pious Henoch,,she wasJudged too precious a. gem to be expended in adorning the cheerless vesture of this rude and dreary world, and her soul was translated to the region of more kin. dred spirits. At a tender age, the Lord marked her for his own; he first rescued her from the midst of infidelity, and then plucked her in the early spring, like. a sweet bower from -amongst the uncongenial associations of weeds and briars. While thus the Most Rev. Preacher eulogised the virtues of those who had gone before us, he forgot not to remind his hearers that still the duty is incumbent on us to send up our humble, constant prayer for their repose, .for perfect though these souls appeared .o us, still God may behold in them some shades of imperfection with that pene* trasting eye, which detects in the highest aagela that which He can p:rnonnce defectaie. The holy thought of praying for the' deceased be further urged upon his clergy by the salutaryousilderationa of thereby exciting themselves to a holy rivalship of the mmennt,virtues which .adorned 'thole souls whose memory he so s'rongly recommended to their cbharity. " Oh, may I die the death of the just, and may my last end be like unto theirs." The Archbishop preached from his throne; his tears burst forth more thian once during the delivery of his moving sermon, and ?tearas of affection for departed worth bedewed the eyes of masny of his hearers. At the end of mass on tbis day the same rites and ceremonies preparatory to the immiediate busi. ness of synod, were observed as on' the previous day. The session continued four hours ;-theb solemn Bseneodiction was performed in the evening, and a sermon was preached by the Rev. Patrick :Hallinao on the holy sacramentr of the Eucharist.' SOn the third day of the synod, Beptember 12th, high mass was said as on the preceding days, the same forms were observed, and the last session was prolonged to four bours, and a half. in the evening there was as usual the solemn Benediction. The Rev. Ambrose Cotbam preached a short but comprehensive sermon on the 'unity and sanctity of the church, The Archbishop sand bishopa formally signed the decree closing the synod; the usual ac-. clamations were chanted from the altar by the Archdeacon, and the responses given by the choir,. The Te Deum was sung by the whole of the assistants, and the hsoldlog of the next council and synod having been appointed for September, 1817, the businss' tesmlsiated as it begas by the Arch. bishop imparting his solemn blessing to all hoe took a palt in the proceedings of these ,three event?, fel days, .. . Thus closed the first ecelesiastIcal council and synod of the Cathollo church in Ausitralasit. In this synod, measures have been taken, -and rules adopted, for the preservation of the faihl, and the advancement of christian moorality. ~'holesome regulationsehave been made for the greater uni fortnity of clerical discipline, and the decorum of public worship.] It remains for anolher anad more cpmpetent penr 19 ohonisolo in eialil lithe important transaect!Ions, the wise decree., the counsels, cautions, and pro. hlbitians which, on deliberation, this cnuncil of the clergy have been pleased to make their own, and to dignify by their formal sanction. For us it is suff. dlent to have glanced thus cursorily at the leading facts in the history of the first ecclesiastical council and provincial synod of the Catholie church in Australasia -to have noted the perfect organisation this church hea attained as evinced by this council and aynod to have produced for the Catholic colonists suuficient motives for conceiving and cherishing a laudable pride in the prosperity of their holy religion-and to have proved that the Catholic church in these colonies, if it must be called an infant institution at all, cannot at least be denled to have all the per. feet proportions of an infant grant, "eruetavto at gigos ad curreanda?s eslas.o It hals exulted as a gsrnt to run its course. 