THE NUMBERt SEVEN. In six day creation was. perfected, the neventh was consecrated torest.. On the seventth of the seventh month a holy observance was ordained to the ChaldeeA of Israel, who feasted seven days and rtemained seven daysin tents the seventh year was directed to be a Sahtath of rest for all things ; and at the -.nd ofseven times seven years com -mencedr the grand Jubilee: every ýaeventh ycar the land lay fallow: every seventh year there was a general re leas.e from all debts and all bondlm.n were set free. From this law may have originated the custom of binding young men to erven years' apprenicc hip and of -punishing incorrigible of/enders by transportation for seven, twice seven, or three times seven years. Every seveyth year the law was d. rected to bie read to the people. Jacob served seven years for the possession of Rachel, and also another seven years. Noah had seven days' warning of the flood, and was commanded to take the (owls of the air into the ark by sevensand theclean beasts by sevens; the ark touched the ground on the seventh mronth ; and in seven days a dove was sent, and again in seven days after. The seven years of plenty and tlt. seven years of famine were foretold in. Pharaoh's dream, by the seven, fat and the severn lean beasts and, the saevenears of fulland the seven ears of blasted corn. The animals were to remain witlh the dam sevwn days, and at the close of the seventh tb be taken away. By the old law, man was commded to forgive his of fending brother seven times; but the mneeknesutjf the lst revealed religion extended his humility. and forbearance to seventy, timnes. Seven. ', If Cain shall be revenged: sevenfold,': truly, Lamech severty times sdven.'? . In tte destruction of Jericho seven priests bore seven trumpets seven days. On the seventh they surrounded the walls seven tines, and afierthe seventh the wals fell. Balaamn prepared seven blolock.;aand seven rams for sacrifice. Seven of S.ul's sons were hanged to stay a famine, Laban persued Jacob seven days' journey. Job's friends sat.' rvWit him seven days and sevenr nights, and offered seven bullocks-and seven ramins as'an atonement Tfor their wickedness. David, in bringuing up. the ark, offered seven bullocks and rams. Elijah sent hirs servant seven times to look for the cloud. llezrkiah in cleansing the temple offered seven bullocks and seven rams and seven hie. goats for a sin offering. The children i'f irael, When Hezekiah took away. ihe.strange altars, kept the feast of un. leavened bread seven days, and again other seven days. King Ahasueras had seven chamberlaine, a seven days fe?st, sent for thle Queen-On the seventh day; Queen larsther had seven maids to attend her ; in the 'stventieth year of Iris reign Esther is taken. to him. Solomon was seven years buildtgt the temple, at the dedication of which he feasted seven days. In the tabernacle were seven lamps ; seven days were appointed for an atonement upon the altar, and the Priest's son was ordained to wear his father's garments seven days. Abraham gave seven ewe lambs to Abimelech as a'memorial for a well. Joseph mourned seven days for Jacob. The rabbits say God employed the power of answering this number to perfect the greatness of Samuel, his name answering the value of the letters in the Hlebrew word wlhich signify seven; whence Hlrannah, his mother, itn hLr thanks says '' that the barren hath brought forth seven." In Scrip ture are enumerated seven resurrec. tions, the widow's son by El:as, the Shutnamite's son by Elisha, the soldier who touchedt the bones of the prophet, theedaughter of thie ruler of the Syua gugue, the widow's son of Nain, Laz arus, and ourr blessed Lord. "Out of Mary Magdalen were cast seven devls. 'rte apostles tchoose. seven deacois.: Enoclh, who was translated, was the seventh after Adam, -atid Jesus Christ thwseventh in direct line. Our Savi our spoke seven times from the cross, on which he rernainnd seversi hoiurs; he appeared seven timres; after seven times sent . the Holy Ghost. In the Lord's Prayer are seven pe titions, contained in seven times s'even words, omitting tihose of nmere grasm matical connectorl. W.Vithin tlis iu nti her are connected all thie mysteries of the Apocalypse, revealed to the seven Churches in Adia; ithere appeared iev'en' golden coantllesttcka, and severs itars' in thire frarid of lifm tiat.t was in' the. midst - seven himpps being the sever, spirrts of God ?,;the book w ith seen 7seals; a the lamb withl, stven horns and sevent eyes;, seven angels with seven seals ; sevenI kings; 'seven thundr+rs; aseven thotsatand Iaen sair; the'drragon wi'thI seeven heads and seven, crowns;,-the beast with seven heads; sevenrrangles, bringirg seven plogues, and seven phialsot l rath. : The vreson of Daniel was seventy weeks. .Nebn hiliadrezzart ate the grass of .the field se:ven years,. The elders of Jsrael were seventy. There -were .'lisi ium bered • seven heavens,. .seven plariet~, seven stars, ,evet wVise men, Bseyen Chtampiorrs-of Chrsatermdum, seven ro' te itt tmritssc, av von primary. colours, aerrin deadly sins, sevenr sacrrrents in thre Romnar Catholic Church. The' sev'enthr aon of-a seventh son is still thought by some persons to po.cess tire isower of healirg disonses sportaneutsly, Per lectiun it irkened unto gold severt times purified in the li.e; and yet we say, " you frighten. roe out- of my seven settSCS." Aniciently a child was- not named before seven days, 'not being accounted fully to have life before that periodical day; the teeth spring out ,in the seventh month and are shed and renewed in the seventh year, when in fancy is changed into childhood; at thrice sevei ye-re the faculties are de veloped, manhood commences, and we become legally competent to all civil acts ; at four times seven man is in full posssiion of his strength; at five times seven lie is fit for the business of the world; at six times seven he be cmines grave and wise, or never ; at seven times seven lie is in his apogee, and from that time decays; at eight times seven he is in his first climacteric, at nine times seven, or sixty threc he is in his grand climacterie, or year of danger; and at ten times seven, or three score years' and ten, has by the Royal Prophet been pronounced the natural period of human life. There were seven chiefs before Thebes. The blood was to be sprinkled seven times before 'the Altar. N'aaman was to be dclipped seven thiebias in Jordan. ' In all solemn rites'"of purgation', dedication. anid consecrationi,' the'oil or water was seveti' tuies spjrinkled. 'The house of wisdoin iii'Pio verbs ' had seven pillers. 