THEOLOGICAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Hobart Town Courier. Hobart Town, 31st Oct., 1844. MR,_tiliserving in your last number a letter from a " Friend to Truth," inquiring for the sense or meaning of certain words in the 27th Article of the Church of England. I may remark that your correspondent is not far from the truth when he tells us of a difference at opinion existing ; for it is a will known fact, that even the Clergy themselves, on this particular subject, are quite at variance with one another. The literal and grammatical sense of the words I will not attempt to define, but to prove the diversity of opinions I quote the following from a Magazine, of late date : - "At the Annual Clerical Meeting, held at the Rev. D. Wilson's, Islington, January 5, 1912, Archdeacon Hoare in the Chair, and nearly a bun. dred Clergymen present, the subject for discussion being the Baptismal Service, and the doctrine of Regeneration as connected with that Kite, the following speakers stated their opinions, in effect, as follows A Mr. Cunningham (of Harrow)s and, his opinion was, that in Baptism some positive, clear, distinct, intelligible blessing and benefit, called by the name of Regeneration was conveyed to the infant. This benefit is, reconciliation to God ; a change of state, but not necessarily a change of nature. Not an alteration of the moral condition of the child, but simply a change by which the child is brought into the outward communion of the Church and this is the state which in the service is called ' regeneration.' This view is very nearly that of Bishop Hopkins, of Derry. " Mr. Burgess spoke next. He said he could not agree to this view. His opinion was, that in Baptism, the infant receives the remission of original sin, and a principle of divine lift imparted by the Holy Ghost ; a seed given In fructify or die, but always given. He considered that a repenting, believing, converted adult, was not pardoned, nor received Regeneration until Baptism. '. Mr. C. Bridges differed from each of the preceding speakers. His view of. the question was, that in Baptism, when the prayers are offered in faith, us contemplated by the framers of our services, those prayers which we put up for the child's Regeneration are heard and answered, and the gift of Regeneration is granted to prayer, But in other cases, it e., where there is no really faithful prayer, there is no work of the Holy Ghost, who works but without exerting an energetic power, producing visible effect. " Mr. Venn could not agree with any of these interpretations. He said he believed that in the Baptismal Service, Regeneration is said to be bestowed conditionally, or hißiolhelically, j. t., on the hypothesis that the infant really professes faith, and that when come to years of discretion it will believe and repent. For it is on this ground only, that is, on the sponsors' answering for this faith in the infant, that the ordinance is administered." Such is a brief sketch of the views advocated at this meeting, and I will only further observe, that the four clergymen who spoke had each been given some weeks' notice of the meeting ; their declarations, therefore, are well- digested state. ments, which had been prepared for the occasion. Yet the result was, that on the appointed day they all differed. No other spoke. - Your humble servant, CONSISTENCY. 