AGRICULTURE. Tul correspondent of the Ilerald, W., has, we perceive, again come out against us. It is with considerable pain that we are again obliged by a sense of public duty to remark upon the apparently great un. fitness and incapacity of the gentlemnn (of whose zeal and excellent intentions we have no doubt), who uses that signature; to become the advbcate of the great public question of colonial agriculture. He defends the prospectus of the pro posed Australian Society of agriculture and indigenous arts: we are not logoma chists, nor shall we quarrel with the word indigenous, which is a strange one as ap plied to some of the arts proposed by W., such as engineering. In fact, it embraces so many arts, that a much more appro priate term for them would be polyltechnic, than indigenous: but we let that pass; if the use of the word gamnmoning is improper, we willingly tender .an apology-we admit the word is not English, but it is a well understood colonial term, and was not applied to W., whom we believe to be a gentleman from his style, but to persons who misled him. To come to the point. We wish for wehave.advocated, and shalladvocate again, an association for the improvement of agriculture, and the kindred and useful arts in the colony-we consider it a deside ratum; and when we see it proposed by men who understand how to go about it, and found it (like the Highland Society of Scotland). upon sound and rational princi pies, we shall be its strenuous supporters: but in the prospectus in question, though we can see zeal, we must call it a zeal" not according to knowledge ," and when we see W. coming forth in print as its cham pion, we cannot help saying- Non tall auxillo, nee defensorlbus Istis, Tempuseget. It is not such axiliaries (as we opine) that will sustain and carry out successfully, not only a great, but a very complex and very arduous undertaking; and one that requires a varied and extensive knowledge. It is not a merely literary and reading man, that can improve an art, nay more, a science, such as agriculture; and raise, direct, and enlighten the industry of a great and growing nation. What merchant would give the command of his vessel to a man who had studied navigation thoroughly in books, but never been at sea? Whs itin bools Napoleon or Wellington learned to conquer? Can a shoemaker, or even a tailor, teach his art by lectures ? Or is a rule which holds universally true in all other arts, to be false in agriculture ? We tell W. with great respect, that the rule is not false; but that the very same analogy applies to it as to sailing, or plough, or shoe making : the man who knows it practically is the man alone who can pos sibly understand it. And we think it ar gues no little confidence in any man, how ever talented, to flhncy himself, or try to make others fancy or believe, that with books alone, he can teach the great, difficult, and all-important art and science of agri culture. We remarked upon the ludicrous (to us so) assertion in the prospectus, that drilling wheat alone would save this colony £1 20,000 a year ! Drilling, we know, is a pretty operation, but pretty as it is, not one tenth of the English farmers, even the most intelligent, consider it worth a thought. Another assertion of W.'s is, that swine fatten upon clover. W. is a severe critic and knows the import of words.-We said, and we repeat it, (notwithstanding his I1 lawarra authorities) that clover never did, nor never will fatten a hog: nor will vetches which are better than clover; nor raw potatoes, nor green food of any sort : these things we know, not from books, but from the teaching of a severe mistress, ex perience. It is true, in his letter he qualifies the assertion of the prospectus, and says, that a little maize, (or as he calls it "corn,") would complete the process: we thought so I-a little nmaize-just to harden the flesh! Alas, good Mr. W., you will find that in many others of the brilliant plans of the prospectus, you will have to amend the rules in a second edit:on. We think we spared W. rather than spoke harshly : e. y., we said very little of his Utopian idea of feeding his herds of swine with acorns, and chestnuts, and beech mast : we only said we wish it may be! although it reminded us of an old gentleman, who was ordered to drink cider for his health, and immediately planted an orchard! But even that is more than is likely to be done in this colony, as we in stanced in the case of the acorns in Alac quarie Place, which we saw with regret and displeasure taken to feed goats. A fact most disgraceful to somebody, for not an acorn of the oak should be lost. We spared W. too on his immense export oflard, lard oil, and spermaceti, to the amount of £2,588,018 ! The prospectus says, "no thing would be more easy than to breed with in the next three years a sufficient flock of swine to supply a quantity of lard, lard oil, and spermaceti, to Great Britain, equal to its own consumption of tallow, which in 1837 was 1,294,009 cwt.; the value of that quantity in lard, lard oil, and spermaceti, at the lowest possible price of £2 per cwt., would be as above, £2,588,018 !" We spared all this: we said not a word of this gigantic export, which will cast Brother Jonathan quite into the shade, with the boasted lard and spermaceti of the mighty basins of the Mississippi, \lissouri, Ohio, and Illinois! We said nothing of all these wonders, for To laugh were want of goodness and of grace, but to be grave exceeds all puoer of face. So we skipped (as the boys say) this mag niloquent and magnificent vision of national wealth ; nor did we even indulge in a smile at that microscopic politico-economy, which will not leave to I Siynorini Napolitani even the trade in fiddle strings! Allisto centre in this our swinish El Dorado ! Sheep- farming must succumb ! the fleece must give way to the flitch ! and the sheep hide her diminished head before the noble Australian hog! What is a petty eight or ten hundred thousand pounds for wool, compared with this splendid influx of two millions five hundred and eighty eight thousand and eighteen (we love to give the odd eighteen in full) pounds! Why, be sides the two millions, the odd money of the pigs is worth all their wool ! and all this for a bagatelle of expense, a little clover seed with better wheat after, that will more than repay it, and our natural swamps and pas tures! Australians! here are riches going a begging! What are we to do with all our money ? Drink champagne again ? or spend it in carriages, pictures, and articles of virt ? or attempt the wonders of steam and rail-ways? It will require time to decide. But we digress-lwe must try to be se rious. Our author quotes Pabst, saying that " good clover hay is good for animals." We believe so-but it needed " no ghost," still less a German Ghost to tell us this. Clover hay will feed well, and fatten, horses or any ruminating animal, or rabbits ; but we are speaking of hogs, and surely W. will not return to the school-boy's syllogism every pig is an animal; but clover hay will feed animals, ergo, it will fatten pigs: if not why quote Pabst ? W. quotes Arthur Young. Young's name we can never mention but with re spect; hie it is to whom agriculture owes more than to any other man, or we may say all other men: but he was a self-taught fiimer, who had been a wine merchant; but as a dilletante, went 'to farm in Suffolk, where he lost in experiments lnearly all his money; he then took to travelling, observing, and writing: many therefore, of his thoughts and plans were taken from others, and untried by himself, d. g. the Chicorium Intybus of which he speaks so highly; also Burnet; and the mowing of green beans for pigs, in none of which have his doctrines gained followers. But if W. will look at his plan of a piggery in the Farmer's Calendar, lie will see very different stuff given to. fatten hogs from green clover. About the Welclh trees, argument is only a logomachy : the plain matter is, that long before 1813 (or 1812 when we visited that principality,) there were plantations and hedge rows of large, beautiful, and magnifl cent trees in every county we visited, par ticularly we remember Pembroke, Breek nock, Flint, and Denbighl, where we still have a recollection of the magnificent seat of Sir W. W. Wynne, called Wynnstay. In short, in Wales there were ancient trees and orchards every where : but this is per fectly reconcileable with tile fact, that there were many nakecd a!d bqrrem mountains which we saw: and to clothe lthese, the efforts W. mentions were made, and wisely madc--people, however, upon only reading W.'s letter, would almostimagine there was not a tree in Wales till the societies he mentions called them into being: but we believo the reverse process of what W. supposes, took place: i. e., the zeal of planters, such as Sir W. Wynne, Colonel Johnes, and others, created the societies, and not the societies their zeal in the first instance. But all this is a waste of words, and unworthy of the time it occu pies, as is a good deal more of W.'s letter. Sir Robert Peel made a speech at Tamworth the other day; he praised farming societies, and recommended the rubbing of mind against mind (we suppose he considers their surfaces rough, and would make them smoother) but he said he had not a lease upon his estate but one for nineteen years! Why did he not propose a premium or medallion to the proprietor, who should on his estate have proportion ately the greatest number of, and longest leases ? the most comfortable and happy tenantry ? or some such thing ? Nothing of that l fbr which reason, very few of their societies have the hearts of the farmers with them-none those of the labourers. The farmers know full well the real object(whether expressed or not) is to enable-theni. to pay higher rents: and surely thid:definition of a nation of slaves, cannot far exceed Sir Robert Peel's admission, that now at Tamworth, in the nineteenth century, there is not a man on his estate but a sort of serf, whom lie mighit turn out ad libitum, but one I At parting, we repeat to W., let him put forth a prospectus which has common sense, knowledge, and reason in it, and we shall be its supporters with all our strength. But we will as assuredly oppose any plan not founded on rational, just, and useful principles, conducive to the real, solid, and permanent improvement of the colony: we do not consider the fattening of pigs alone (like Peter Purcell of Dublin) enough: but let us see a society that shall fatten men, and clothe, and multiply them, 