Multum in Parvo. Many extensive depredations are nightly committed upon persons who have poultry in their possession Complaints are daily made in the papers at the! tate of the Police Office roof, through which the rain penetrates. A portrait of George Hough, as he ap- peared previous to his last fight, has been painted , by Mr. Backler. The barque Agincourt, arrived on Saturday, left 220 convicts at Norfolk Island. Rain has been abundant in the Goulburn district. The wool all over Ihe country will be got up in a first-rate' manner this year, especially in the south country, where the wet has kept the birrs from shedding. Another mail driver lost his life, last week, on the Port Phillip oad. The calterpillar lias made its appearance at he Lower I-Iawkesbury, and is, committing great de struction amongst the crops. The schooner Jess, of Sydney, was lost on the bar of the Richmond River; and went to pieces ; crew all saved. The steam boats, to prevent accidents, cause a bell to be rung, on board frdm the time of passing Pinchgut until arrived at their moorings.— The North Star had gone on to. Hobart Town from Auckland, instead of calling here, =;%< as at first intended, to refit. The new Penal Settle ment is to be between Moreton Bay'and Torres Straits, beyond the boundary, of . the Colony.: r.Sir Everard Hcwe is about to publish a chart of the islands he vis ited in the North Star. Mrs. Williamson will give a grand ball, at the Royal Hotel, On Wednesday next. — —Mr. J. Macarthur's Repudiation Petition was presented to his Excellency the Governor, by a Depu tation, on Wednesday last. Twenty probation men from the Pentonville Penitentiary are said to have ar rived in Port Phillip, by the Royal George.— —At a pound sale, at Bathurst, a cow and calf fetched 9s., and working oxen from 12s. to 40s. The brig Christina was only 78 hours from Port Phillip to the Heads of Port Jackson. Colonial parchment, in every way equal to English, has been manufactured by Mesres and Co., of Maitland.— — The Sydney Judges are dis agreed as to whether the evidence of a witness who has been in Court during a trial shall be taken. Some vagabonds are frightening the inhabitants of , Pyrmont by playing the ghost. Two stills were discovered near Windsor, by Mr. Shirley, Chief Con stable of that town. A man hamcd Warmer was brought before the Windsor Bench, for travelling with a draj' on Sunday, but discharged. 