SUPIUiMB COURT, CIVIL SITTINGS. (Before /lit Honor Mr Justice Montagu.) MOKDAY, JUNE IT, 1844. HICIIARDSON v, AP.MYTAGE—SLANDER. Tlie numerous at tendance el the Court this morning, or a i .last of auditors far different from their position in society to those which usually assemble to witness tin- proceedings in the Hull of Justice, winced the deep interest whltli the more intelligent and respectable portion of the commumiy took in ihe issue or this important crui-e. The trial, which occupied the court for three days, if given ft! length, would more than fill our sheet; but the following report embraces all the material oral nnd documentary evidence, and the arguments of counsel. Throughout the entire prorwdings, 1,ie attendance of the gentlemen of the legal profession was; very numerous. Mr. MoriJowell and Mr Montagu appeared OS counsel fnr the plaintiff; attorney, Mr I'riinhsrd. The A'tnrury Gmenil and the Solicitor General were for the defendant; attorney, Mr. Piienirii. The Snceiiil Jury of twelve consisted of the following lLsquiies:— E Wilkinson (foreman) ] George Hunt J.G M«i2»iti J Richard Clehurne Hemy White I H. Met,torn W. M Tennent Jdines Barnard John Renumout Charles Billon George Walsan ) R. W . Hull Mr. Montagu opened (lie pleadines. This was an acliori of slander, broucht by Eleanor Hiehardfon, widow, lo rerover damages iifoinM George ArmytncP, Esq., of Bagdud, for the injury she lias EIIS i'.ined in her business as a schoolmistress. The lenrned gentleman then reud al lentil tlie declarat'on, consisting of eight counts, some of lliem having reference to special damage, and the defendants two pleas—first, of the general issue ; and secondly, of justification. The following is the substance of these voluminous documents : — The declaration, after the usual prefatory statement of the j lainlilTs good character, and that she had for eome years exercised the business or employment of an instructress of children, and schoolmistress; and Mso alleging ilia'. she had he«o 'jni-rr nesg in the house of defendant, proceeded 10 allege the slanders complained of in eight several counts. The first count purported thai on the 18th November, 1843, a complaint wn6 depending before G. B. Forster, and F. E. Chalmers, Esquires, magistrates at Urightoo, against one ICdward Piper, mi assigned servant of the defendant, for tendering the plaintifl'; and that tipoo thai occasion the defeadur.t attended as a witi.ess, nnd made a deposition containing the following words, which ihoi^ecfarnlion alleged lo be " falee, scandalous, and malicious, &c.;" ; namely, "J did not withdraw- my children fiom Mrs. Richardson's Fcltool in consequence of what Piper told me ; I withdrew, ray children a long time previous to my hearing these circumstances from Piper. My reason for taking away the children was, 1 heard that .Mrs. Richardson had acknowledged that she hid allowed my deceosed snn, Iliomas, to go up stairs to her when we were in bed. 1 did not take my children awav immediately upon hearing this circumstance. Sirs, Aniiytago told me I hat Mrs Richardson had aclnowJtdied to her the above circumstance." The second connt purported that the defendant, in the month of October last, in a conversation with Mr. and Mrs. Oavis, of I'ontville had said to Mrs. Davis that be could tell her something about Airs. Richardson which occurred before she left his house, which would make her cap rise from ler head. The ihird count purported that in the same month of October last, in s ciinrersatioa with the Rev. John Uurrow-es, the defendant, alluding lo Mrs. Hicltardson, said to him, you are supporting a vile The same count purported that in the same month of October, the defendant, in a conversation with the same gentleman, .Mrs. Arinytagc, the defendant's wife, being also prnsptit, snid, " we lost uur son through her," (alluding to the plnitriff) ; and upon Mr. Hurrowes enquiring how was that, as he understood Mr. 'Ihomns died from going into water sheep washing, after taking calomel; tlto defendant replied, " Yes, but it was she caused him to take the medicine," by which the defendant nit^nl to insinuate (as the declaration alleged) that the phiintifT bad been infected with a certain disease, nnd had communicate!) it to his son. The fifth cuunt purported that in the month of March last, the defendant, iu a conversation with Mr. Davis, said, you are taking Mrs. Richardson's pirt, if I had a tniad 1 could shew you letters of Jiers which 1 got from 1'ort Phillip, and olher places, which would he a disgr.tce to any woman upon earth, the commonest prostitute would uever have written such letters. The sixth count purported that ia the same month ti March last, the defend.)!!!, in a conversation with Mr. Uest, of the Roval Hotel, llacdad, he produced to him a letter of a very indelicate description, and said to Mr. Best, I hope that, meaning the fetter, will convince you of the character of the woman, alluding to the plaintiff; and then producing another letter which was actually in '.he plaintiff's hand writing, hut which contained nothing indelicate, he desired Mr. ttest to compare <tie two, and say whether they were not written by the sa.i.e hand, u.'td proceeded to make comments upon llif i'ssnmptioo that they were so. calling the plainliB a " diabolical woman." The serenth couut purported that in the same month of March last, Ihe defendant, in a conversation with .Mr. Hegt, made the same insinuoti >n ajraiost the plaintiff (as lo a certain disease), which by the fuurlh count he was ull^ged to have made lo Mr. Iturrowes. The eighth count purported that in the same month of March last, in a conversation w-ith Wr. Cox, ol Jlri^ijtttn, Ihe defendant said, " Mr, Flexmore to. his child away (alluding lo the plaintiff's tchool), if he had not done so she would have been starved to detrh." Special ihimage was alleged by the removal of several children from the school, and the gejit-r.1 1 damages wi:c laid at £9000." To this declaration three pleas were pleaded — 3 St.— As to all the counts the general issue—not guilty. Snd.—As to the 3nd, 3rd, and 5:b counts, a juEiiftcattnt), on the ground that *he pV.uLiC, whik residing in his family as governess, wrote a certain letter to the defenddnt's son, the late Air. 'I homag Armytagc, which is set forth in the plea. 3rd..—To the sixth count a justification on the ground that the defendant bad before the conversation referred to in thil count, placed his daughters at the school of the plaintiff, and had removed them, and that lbe ploiutiff wrote the letter referred to in the second plea. Upon nil ilie;e pleas issue was taken by ihe plainiilf. The letter set forth in the second plea upon which this justification was founded, and the writing of which by tlie phiintifT was in issue was said to fiavt been written before the 1st duy' of May, 1841. It was ns follows:— " J ani so concerned, dearest Thomas, about you throat, and I said asiuucb as I dared last night,on purpose to frighten you into taking some remedy. The fact is, dearest, you have got cold by sleeping in that nasty room just under ihe chimney. tVliy do you not have your bed made up in some other part ? Ho, to morrow, have it allured il only to please me. It is a miserable way of sleeping lor you. I think, dearest Thomas, I know whpreyou would feel much happier j can von gvets? You asked me, in your last Jetler, if j would take YOU as you are even against your Pa's consent—T love you too dearly to deprive you of those advantages you ought to have, unless I could see some way of compensatingyou. Any how, your loving me, deprives you of marrying thore possessing worldly goods, but not any one who would or could love you better. As to myself I lore you quite beyond a care ; I would do any thing or give up any thing to be with you. You told me to-day you would forgive me. ] believe you will not speak unkindly but you will not forgive me ot love ine so well. My heart Rinka every time I think of it. You have so little idea what you will have tofurgivo ; and though you would never know if 1 did not teli you, yet I do believe that afier I hove told you even if I fell you do not love me so well I shall not he so unhappy as I am now. If you do Inve roe, and wish me to live with you, when you know, you will then love me as nobody ffuscrer tared before. Von snid io your letter thai you could rot recal any lb rig- in (lie one of Friday to confirm my idea of our repa* ration being a 6Dalone. You mil it vrrong dear Thomas; I said yonr letter confirmed my resolution to discontinue oorcorrespondence, end it was Tor tbi« reneoo,—tbat n was flo kind—so fond I v wriltec —tlmt ] felt you ought not to hove any thing con* cenled from you, nnd I do atill feel quito sure we shall part for ever, when you gu away, t cannot ivritett; } thought I would when 1 beena this; t,ut I will hear tny doom from yourself. No one in Vnn Dieinen's I.and knows, or ever will know it but yourself j and 1 am sure, however you may feel, that i have not pooner told you that you will uever mention it. I will act ask you for B promise, but 1 will take it for granted. Do you think, dearest Thomas, tbat tf, directly tea was over, and we moved frurn the table before 1 go tip stairs, you were to go out and go up into my bed-room (only mind the stnirs don't crtek) and there stay until I eome up. Elisabeth snd Virginia always come up with.me for their buqka, but only into the schoolroom ; 'they* never, hy any chance, go into my room and sever remain reany minutes. I liiint, at any rate, if yon think you could rotuiagB to get up, that your absence tvould .pot be so much thought of, or so much suspicion mtacbed as if Uler. Uun't do it if yon think there is any danger of discovery,but the garden is not practicable. I havenow noexcuse forgoing out. and Fred, sonften comes up lo mo tbst if I were.away there would he a regular hue and fry about roe.—If be cncie up flairs 1 would get him down, and be would not come into this room w-lien I was in tbe school-room with ft light, which 1 should have time to be before he got to the top of the stair*. I want to tell you now, dear Thumas, you roust forgive me for not doing so sooner, but you wtll not love roe so well, because it was deceiving you, and every wurd and net of yours has been so atraighifora ard and honorable, that I cu'li! ot first lo bare owned it; I have more than once written to you and destroyed it—1 so dreaded that you would love me les6 ; and 1 could not bear, and \ cannot bear the thought of it. Your father and mother have been particularly kind to me to-day and yesterday • your Ma asked me W-IJBL was the matter, for 1 did not seem so lively j 1 toM her luy head ached, 60 1 thought 1 wnu'd talk to day. 1 think tfiey are quite uncouscious of your loving me; oh! uhatii-nuld they suv ? Pray, pray, do not hint one syllable about ft, for you will not wish to do so when you bare heard what I have to tell you, I'll" thought of what ycu will sav to me quite haunts me, i do so dread it. You do indeed Jove me very loadly now, and I do indeed. J do most dearly luve you; and as to making vou happy, oh I could 1 not, I am sure you would love me belter. Every word nnd look now is constrained, f*r it is wiih a constant fear of iliscuvcry . but for one month with you, lovingand beloved,—end free from any body's interference, J could willingly pB»s the rest or my life in a dungeon. Oh! what would I have given to have been, to tiuve kissed and comforted you to night, instead of coolly saying good night, and seeing you go into thar cheerless bed so unwell. Oh 1 if over J were to be with you, how 1 would love you. Sometimes X almost hope against reasun. 1 ain very glad you did not get o ring, ] want nothing to remind me of your love ; 1 suppose the purse was not found, as i hare heard nothing of jt. Good night, dear, dear Thomss — Yours veiy truly, IV B.—" You do not destroy my letters instanter. because you said in your last tbat you read it twice over, and nfter you catae to tbe boiiae Prny, dear Thomas, don't run any risks by keeping them a minute after reading, ] cacnot make oat bow you menage to get nl jne lo them, fur they are more than a monosyllable sometimes, i bear you go down to ihe kiichen ; I caa'l think what corner you creep into; it has uftenpuzzled ine." Mr. Mncdowell said, as lliey had heard from his leurned friend, litis was un action for slander. The declaration, \vhii:h thev land heoid r'*atl, consisted of a number of counts, to four of which the defendant had pliuded no justification. (The learned gentleman then staled the allegation of each count.) It now became his duty to state fully, ana al large, the rircumstances in which this action originated. The |>)imiii!T JS a young woman, the widow of a professional man, who died, in Unglund, in slruilened circumstances. She orrived in this colony iu 1839, with Mr. Borrowdnle, a merchant ot Port l J hillip, and h s family. She had confided to hrr the instruction of Mr, 13urrowdale's children, on the passage, Bud came out tviih ihe intention of making her lnlt?i»is avuihihleiis n governess, on her arrival in Van Diettien's I.and. Shortly after arrival, she entered into the family of Mr. Aru-ytnge, in the cap^ -i'-y of where aft'-i iHcaimng 9 o.- 10 months, she beenme dissatisfied and gave him notice to leave. She was, iiowpver, induced lo remain, find the son of the defendant, itfr. Titos, Annyl'IEE, tvliu l.'id been etisrn2"d in the superintendence of a sheep-farm nl !'OM Phillip, returned to his father's liou-o, nnd thus the plaintiff and tlie son of the de'etidiint, lii-iug under the same roof, ni'ci'ss.mly became acquainted ; and lie (the learned counsel) nppre!iended it would not be n'trihutnble to this young iudy as a crime, that an attachment sprung up between herself und Mr. Tfiomas Armyinsp, llie defendant's«oi, or that they formed .i m^trimonm] cniH^'mem. The deletidunt, however, objected io tlitir being married then, on the score of poverty, but found no fault, otherwise, with tin; lady as a s'liuhle match for his soti. fie said, however, thrtt, if his son reti'tned to fori Phillip for sonic tiine, mid sulisfiicinry answers should be received to fetters of inquiry, respecting the lady, nhicli lie hud forwarded io England, lliert lie would ^ive his consent to the union of the plaintiff and his son. Mr. Ihomas Armytacc continued lo rtside i:t liij father's house for some months, utter which lie returned to the sheep furm ul Port Phillip, li?- fore hi.' left liotne, however, a promise was exacted from both Mrs Ricli irdsoii und i\\!r. Tlios. Army! ice, tlla., pending llie receipt of communications from England, tiiey should erase to correspond ; and tini protni-c, undoubtedly, was not kept by either puny. 1 he j•:ry migm" think that simile :—tlinl the pluumn' faihd to keep her word in this respml, but he apprehended they would noi deem it to tieun error of so grave n kind as to draw (town upon her the vengeful series of injuries which lliey tvould Itc-ur tlie witnesses describe. In ttie month of September Inst, llie plaintiff, still finding the situation which she I.eld in the defendant's family was by no means applicable, or consonant, lo Iter feelings and habits, the defendant agreed with her that to rent * small cottage belonging to hitn, and situate opposite his own house. Thither she went, nnd opened an establishment for the tuition of young ladies; and there, also, she not only rtceiviid iwn of the defendant's daughters, as boarde'S, and another of his children, as a day scholar, but several other boarders, nil of vtliom, or nearly all, were sent to her school by ihe interference, and very warm recommendation, o! Air. Armytage himself. He recommended her in the strongest possible terms, not only ns to her capacity to leach, but for her excellent und irluuus character. As her talents and conduct, as a school mistress, became belter known, her school so very much iur.rcased, that it became necessary for her, either to obtain a larger house, or that the one belonging to the defendant, which she then occupied, should have made to it some lar^e additions This the defi ndantagreed todo, but the necessury alterations proceeded so s ! owly, snd the necessity for increased accommodation became so urgent, that Mrs. Richardson intimated Iter wish to provide lieiself with oilier premises. Things were iu tin's stile when, in ihe month of November following, Mr. Atmytage received an amount of the death of his son ai I'ori Phillip This event was one of dcepgiiefto Mr. Army lage and Ilia family ; und ihe jury would readily believe that it wasuisoone ol deep sorrow and affliction to the plaintiff. Mr. Armytage, himsefti communicated the distressing intelligence to Iter on the same moinin2 he received tiie letter. After iliis, ihe pluintiff went over to the r-efendanl's house, «nd there stated, in a conversation she had with defendant and his wife, tlul she had continued the correspondence with their late son. They expressed their npprotal and satisfaction, as it roust have been to the young man a sourse of consolation in bis dying hour. They eitprisscd a wish to haveilie correspondence. Tbe pijililiff declined to furl Willi ali his letters, but gu\e them up si* ors ven. She had addressed a letter lo Tliumas Armytage, which could not have reached Port Phillip previous to bis death ; nnd she wrote lo a friend there desiring hitn to obtain, and return it to her. Mr. Shepherd, the uentleinau to whom she had written, in forwarding the letter accompanied it b^ one from himself, in which lie informed her that Thomas Armytage had spoken ot her in terms of regard and affection, even to his dying moment, lie (the learned counsel) mentioned these facts io shew that a virtuous affection, such as be had desciibed, and an undoubted and confiding correspondence between these parties could not have existed consistently with the story ol the letter which they bad heard read, and upon which the defendant came before the court to justify liis ruinous calumnies and slanders of the plainiilf. His Honor hoped the learned counsel would statenoihing he did not mean^to prove in evidence. He said there had been a let'er returned; but flow could he prove it. And, if he could, it would not he evidence with rtgnrd lo tlie letter put upon the plea. One pnrty says the letter is a forgery; the other patty says it is not; the correspondence, whatever il might be, could not affect the qtieslion nl Issue, lie would trust lo «he learned counsel's lionour, and judgment, in nol staling matter which he could not prove. Mr. Macdowcll resumed.—He should slate nothing hut whot was necessary to enable ihe jury io understand the case. He wished to shew Ihe feeling which the young man entertained towards (lie plaintiff up to 'lie latest period of hit existence. The whole oThis supplementary brief ro'nsisled entirely of copies of letters written Irom Port Phillip, by Thomas. Armytnge to the plaintiff. When ihe time arrived forgiving them in evidence, if the other side objected, his Honor might slop him. ifis Honor said, it will save time if I give you my decided opinion at once, that tlioie letters are no evident e nt all. Mr. Macdoivell.—He should not, of course, after whot his Honor had said, ndve:l further to the contents of these letters ; but he might state ihnt, at this pariie.ulnr period, Mrs. llicliardson applied toa gentleman in this colony (Mr. Snlotnon Austin) whose brother resides at Port Pliil- !ip, lo obtain fjrlier, Ihrotigh Josiah Austin, the letters which she had addressed lo Mr. Armylnjo in his life lime. Through the a'gcncy thus set in mniion, she obtained those letters. He was prohibited Irom further alluding to lliem ; but if hy any accident, by any well-considered and deliberate desien, thai gentleman shouid be called in<o the box lo give his opinion of the hnnd-« riting of Mrs. llicbardson, and you should find that, after the receipt of these letters, nnd before giving them up, lie should have perused tliem, the jury would have to form o conjecture as lo whether such perusal wns not made for the express purpose of enabling him to give evidence. Bui, lie thought his learned friends on liieotiicrside could scarcely have the hardihood to countenance so discreditable a proceeding as to call the witness before :he court. If they should, fie should Inve an opportunity of testing lhni gentleman's testimony. Soon after this, the plaintifl heard, from a friend that a gtoss and scandalous calumny had been circulated in tier own neighbourhood ; nnd the originator of tlie fcfauder being an assigned servant of the defendant's, the clergyman of Mrs. Itichardson's own church and parish, thought it richt to institute an inquiry, nnd, by inlormation, broucht the slanderer before the Police Bench at Brighton. On that occasion, the defendant, M Armytage, was culled us a witness; and he lh*?re slated, on his oath, thai he did not take his children from tlie plninlifT's school, on account of tvhat llie mini Piper had said, hut a long time previously, because Mrs. Itichardson had acknowledged to Mrs. Armytage that she had allowed her deceased snn Thomas to visit her alter the family were in bed ; but it would be ptoved Lliat, on another occasion, he gave a very different reason for ilie removal of his daughters from the plaintiff 's charge. On the occasion of the hearing of the information against Piper, Mr. G. Hobertson attended, and appeared in the two-fold character (rather un anomalous one) of Piper's witness and advocate, cross-examining the witnesses on the delinquents behalf. Here the learned gentleman related the particulars which occurred in reference lo this transaction. To elucidate the malice of Armytane, he miaht stale that Robertson lia"J himself told the defendant it was his duly to inform Mr. Purrowes of the reason why he removed his daughters, vit., the statement made by Piper. This the defendant refused lo do, and Robertson himself informed the Rev. Mr. Burrowcs. It happened that Piper had fixed upon ihe particular night t'receding tlie rob. hery, hy bushrangers, of Mr, 7'lioinsou's house, who lived neur Mr. Armytage's. lie said lie heard tbe doi'c baik, went down stairs, nnd there, by a light under the door, saw ihe pltiitilitl' in an improper sitoation with some man ; but il happened (so we understood the learned counsel) that Mrs. Richurdson was not at home on thai particular niclit. Here was an instance of malice on tfie part of the defendant. Ilis Honor said, the defendant being on oath before ihe police magistrates, and compelled to newer questions on piin of being sent to gaol, he could nol be surd for damages, in a civil aclion, for what he then said Wlint he stated as n witness was privileged ; il was u bar lo un action for slander or libel. Mr. Mncdowell submitted that the depositions . I . . - - , , ,. C might be put in as evidence of malice; the defeodum liavini? given nne reason fur removing his children at one liins nnd a different rensnn nl aiKtllicr lime. He would not further allude to the evidence; but, so far ns the Piper-fahitcalioii and slander was concerned, III'! object ol ruining flieolt the plaintiff was not nchicved; the incredible story was disproved, and the man punished.— Some other utteinpt. therefore, must he made to blast und destroy this unprotected female ; and il was done. Hut would the jury believe that the phiintifT would make the extraordinary revelation of her own misdeeds lo Mrs. Arinytuge? What object, what motive could there be? Had ilie letter, which lliey hud heard read been in existence on the 18th Nuvr-tnber, 1 B-i3, there would have been no occasion to make c'iihcr Piper's falsehoods, or the alleged confession of the plaintiff to Mrs. Armylfltre the reason for removing the children fiom the school. The letter itsell would have furnished cause sufficient. But,iivo months afterwards, there was some dim, nnd distant, and mysterious rumours of a letter; and then the document was at length produced, with but loo inuch success, to ruin the plaintiff's shool and blast her chararler until shecould come before this court, nnd ask u jury what reparation she was to have to have for a ruined business, blighted prospects, and departed happiness The learned gentleman adverted to tile difficulties under which the plaintiff laboured ; the defendant might hive shewn the letter lo one hundred persons, and if nmeiy of these told him it was not her writing, and the sinBll minority thought it was, depend upon it they would only have the ten, and hear nothing whatever of ilie remoining ninety.—Then every ipecies of intimidation had been resorted lo; anonvmous nnd threatening letters had been sent lo friends of the plaintiff, to intimidate them from giving; evidence. And what would the jury think when he informed them lliat he, the advocate of this lady, had received a Jetler from the defendant, not anonymous in this case, but in his own bund-writing, and subscribed with his name, beginning with llie words that, " in consequence of some vile reports lie (the defendant) was nduced to give me some information on the subject " Tiien the press, the base, the lowest and most discreditable portion of it, had been busy in its filthy vocation of disgusting slander. One of the respectable morning journals of this city had been imposed upon to publish an account of the death of this lady, purporting to he sent by the clergyman of her own parish;—an indignant article from 'lie editor that lie had been thus imposed upon tvasmade the occasion of publishing a gross article in tbe True Colonist, a copy of which 1 lieve before me. The article alludes to all the persons who had obtained letters of in* limidaiion except himself (the learned Counsel), it did not suit the malignant writer to allude lo him. Mr. Gilbert Robertson, the proprietor of the paper—the gentlfman wfio appeared as nn ndvncatennd witness for Piper beforethe Brighton Polite Magistrates, nnd who was io appear ns a witness for the defendant in this cause—this person, in a spirit of charily, humanity, and fair-dealing, consistent with his degraded occupation, ventures to insinuate that ilie anonymous and threatening letters to her witnesses, and even the newspaper report nf her death were concocted by herself or some of her friends. The malevolence if such a person is inconceivable; Ihemnn who could do it must be dead to every principle of common principle and common honesty. The conduct of the defendant has irrelrieveably ruined ihe plaintiff; she had upwards of 20 scholars, shcims now only 6 or 8. Her tranquillity of mind no verdict of a jury could restore. To several of the couuls in llic declaration no justification is attempted; hut my instructions from the plainiilf are to rest the entire case upon that teller. If the jury can believe her capable of writing such a fetter she asks for no damages on any oilier pan of ihe case. And he (the learned counsel) would at once say that, il she did write tlie letter, she was not entitled lo one farthing of damages, lie therefore, willingly, and fairly, and strongly joined issue with the defendant upon thai point. Tbe following witnesses were then called.:— V. E. Chalmers. Esq.(examinedby Mr. Monegu).—Is a justice of the peace for the district of Brighton, and remembers a charge preferred by theUtv. Mt Burrowcsagaintl Eaward Piper, an assigned servant of Mr. Armytage's, for statements made by Piper highly detrimental lo ihe character of Mrs. Richardson. I SBt on the bench with Mr. Forster, the Assistant Police Magislrateof the district. Tlie case washenrdon the 18lh of November, 1843. I have with me the depositions taken on that occasion. Tiie Attorney General interposed. Air. Armytage appeared as a witness, he tvas called by Mr. Burrowes. The Attorney General objected to the- evidence of Mr Armytage before the Police Magistrates at Brighton being given in evidence. The object, he apprehended, was to shew that his statement there varied, in some particulars, with that which fie had previously made. He was before the magistrates ns a witness on oath, hound io answer such questions as were put lo him. In Jaw be was thus protected hy his office, and such evidenie could nol be addticed in an action for slander. . A lone discussion followed, in which the Attorney General contended thai the statement taken in writing before tlie Police Magistrates, of what Mr. Armytage said, was no deposition a all, inasmuch »s it did not state upon the face o it what was the nature of the charge brough against Piper. His Honor regretted llie loose, irregular, deficient, nnd informal manner in which depositions are too frequently token in the police-officcs of (he colony, and was inclined to the opinion of the Attorney General, lliul the circumstances under which Mr. Aimytage was called upon lo givp evidence precluded him from liability in a civi action for what he then slated. The informality of the document prevented its being received ns a deposition, but tlie witness might take the written paper in iiis hand, and read il as the statement of Mr. Armytage, taken on oath. Examination of Captain Chalmers resumed.— Mr. Armytage was cross examinrd hy Mr. Gilbert Robertson for lidwn-d Piper, The statement is in the hand-writing nf the clerk of ihe Police Magistrates. By reading the paper I can tell whut Air. Armytnge suid on that occasion 't In 1 witness here read ilie statement, winch, villi the omission of some sentences unfit for publication, was us follows:— " Mr. George Aimytage being swotn slates:— The prisoner now prcseul is mv assigned servant. I recollect having a conversation with Piper, relative to Mrs. Itichardson, in consequence of what I heard from Mrs. Armytage. I told Piper that J understood he had been saying something disrespectful of Mrs. Richardson, and that I should be glad to know what it was. fie told roe he knew many things of Mrs. llicbardson; he (old me only of one thing; he told me that visitors were in the habit of coming there at late hours of the night. I held out no inducement or threat to Piper. Piper (lien told mo that, one evening, he was awoke by thedogs barking ; lie was sleeping on tho kitchen floor at tbe lime; be beard something in tho front roem, and seeing a light also through tbe opening between ihe door and the floor, he looked into the parlour. He said he saw something going on on the sofa ; he snid be led looked out to see the cause of the dogs harking; thai Mrs. lijcbnrdson bad spoken to him about the dogs barking. I understood from I'iper that litis was about 11 or 12 o'clock at night. On the same night I'iper told mo that be saw some person • * * * Cross-examined.—1 should say, from my know, ledge nf the house, nnd the usual position of the sofa that it was impossible for the prisoner I'iper lo see such n transaction. r l he sofa lind arms Iu it; 1 did oppose Piper's marriage with Mrs. Jticbcrdson's servant; I thought the tvoman drunk, and that lie was loo old, Mrs. llicbardson lold me that she was not a drunkard ; these were my only r.'mins for not giving my sanction to the marriage. I did not withdraw my children from Mrs. Richardson's school in consequenco of what I'iper told me : 1 ! withdrew my children a longtime previous io my hearing these circumstsnccs from Piper. Itiidnnl withdrew them mnie than once. Mv reason for tuking awoy the children was, i heard that Mrs. Richardson had acknowledged (hat she had allowed my deceased son Thomas lo go up stairs to her when we wore in bed. I did nol lake my children i away --'-J immediately ...1-ki, on U(| hearing Ileal llie this uim CIIUU circumstance. j Mrs. Armytage told me that Jlfrs. Richard : acknowledged to her the above circumstance, j Examined on behalf of the prisoner by Mr. ; Robertson.—Previous I.* Pipti'., reprut '.i'me I | haxl heard circumstances disrespectful ul' Mrs Richardson , th:il is. besides wlial 1 told ihe court in answer to Mr. Rurrowes. I have heard a gentleman speak disrespectful of Mrs. Richa-dson; 1 asked flfrs Richardson to be allowed to refer to the persons Willi whom she came to this colony. She i-nid she had quarreled with litem all. jl/Ys. Richardson occupied a room up stairs in my house—a hed room. 3 approved of Piper's marriage lnnr. before be told roe the circumstance of Jlfrs. Richardson admiring persons to the house at a late hour of the night. I'iper, on my saying he could not see what was going on on ih? sofa said, in expI»na>ion, that the stood on the opposite side from what il generally stood, with the foce of tbe sofa pointing lo the kitchen door ; one end of it against the pas. sage-door. Piper snid tliBt this occurred last Christmas holidays." Mr Cox examined,—Lives in the dislrict of Brighton. Knows the parlies; pluiniiff kejit n school. Witness sent a grand-daughter ol his wife's there; had previously heard Mr Armytage recommend the plaintiff in very high terms In March lost had a conveisation Willi Mr. James Murdoch; inconsequence of that conversation the child was removed front the school. Recollects meeting Mr. Armylage about the end of March or the beginning ol Apri'., and having a long conversation with him. The defendant asked witness if he had taken his girl away from (he school; witness said he liad done so in consequence of a letter which he heard lie lind shewn to Mrs. Jester. He saiJ fie thought witness was perfectly ri^lit; that if he had a child there he would have done the same, lie said lie had received a lot of his son's letters in a carpet bug, and amongst them some of Mrs. Ricltuidson's. He slid his daughter had read purl of one and threw it down in disgust; he then said he read a few lines and threw it down. Mrs Armytage then wanted to know what was in the letter; he said there was something not very agreeable, and that they had better lie lliem oil up and send lliem io Mrs. Richardson. Witness asked him how he got Ihe letter he now had ; he said that his son George had found il ol Pori Phillip in a packing case. I said I never heard any thing bod of (lie school, except (hat I had heard that one of the children had not enough to eat. Mr Armylage replied fhat'strue.Mt FJaxmore had a daughter there, and that if he had not taken her away she wou'.d Inve bet-n almost starved to death; she was wasted almost lo a skeleton. Saw defendant in the same month, two or (liree weeks after; (hey wenl together to witness's house; witness s-tid he understood Mrs. Richardson badcommcncedanactiouitgaingt him. Mr. Armytuge said he was very much surprised at it, because he had always treated her well. The nirl (witness's relation) wus wiih Mrs. Armylage neariy 3 months; Mrs. Cox went e»ery Sunday, or every olher Sunday (o see her; there was no diisatisfuction Hi" ihe Attorney General —Mr. Armytnge did not use the wo-ds, "it is likely to be true;" 1-it to the best of my belief he said, " it is true." Remembers to have heard something said aboul the chili fretting. Did not hear the words tin t the child was " fretting to death." I did not hear the name nf any Doctor mentioned. I did nol take the child away in consequence of any thing said by Mr. Armytage lo me personally, bul what I heard from Mr. Murdoch as to the letters shewn lo him by Mr. Armytage. Miss Ann Gerlrude Tliomns (by Mr. Mncdowell).—Knows plaintiff and defendant. Was two months engaged in instructing ihe young ladies'school. Left on the 3d of April, l<343. Mrs. llichaidson was filing at Bagdad, she occupied o collage of Mr. Armyla;e's, opposite his house. She talked of removing. Remembers hearing a conversation, on the 1st April, 1843 between Mrs Richardson and Mrs ArtnytBge, relative lo iier leaving. There were two of Mrs. Armytage's daughters lit ihe school; they were removed the same evening after lbe €oavere«iin„ 80110,1 between the two ladies. Mr. Macdowell asked—Did she ossim an. reason? * " The Attorney General objected to the ouu lion. ^ .Mr. Macdowell submit led thai he had proved an agency on behalf of Mrs. Armylage, win, llla direction of her husband. By the Judge.-Mrs. Armytage took the children away with het. The Attorney General rose to argue tlie case He submitted that any statement of the wife's could not be given in evidence as provinc malic, B ttllce on ihe part of Ihe husband. Mr. Macdowell submitted that it w«j evidence to shew collusive malice between llie wife oiJ husband His Honor said he would not shut out the evidence if Mr. Macdowell insisted upon it but he thought it had better not be pressed. ' Mr. jJacdmvell bowed lo the decision of ihe court, Kxnmination continued.—A conversation en sued respecting the plaintiff- leaving the housethe children were removed on the same eveoins' The children in the school were well treated asTo food nnd we!) attended to. Hy the Attorney General.—The children were removed on a Saturday, and witness left Mrs Richardson's establishment on ihe following Jlfonday morning.' Does nol remember that Miss Flexmore lived there during the same lime as witness. Has seen Jlfrs. Richardson write [Letter put into the hands of witness.] After perusal, she said, I do nol think (his is her wri. ting; I cannot say that it is not her writing, Mr. Macdowell.—As this leiler is put in I presume X may shew it to the plaintiff's Witnesses in court. This was acceded toby the Attorney General By the Judge.—I think the letter is notjlfts, Richardson's writing, because it is not so light as some I have seen. Has known her hand uniting iS months; has seen her write but seldom • did not often see Jif'S. Richardson write wlip'n Dt school. Never observed that she wrote different hands; the letter is rather like her hand writing • has seen i: before to-day; cannot point out any particular pari; but does not believe il lo belters • witness forms this opinion from tier general knowledge of Afrs. Richurdson's hand writing. Mr. J/acdowel! suggested that, as the witness had corresponded with Mrs. Richardson, she might have brought the letters of that lady with her, in which case he should like lo have them given in, that the jury might compare iliehand writing with that now produced, Mr. James Murdoch.—Knows the parties in thisaclion. 'Che letter now shewn to him was shewn to him before by i?fr. Armylage, and anothej letter also. Witness met the defendant at Stodnrt's Hotel, Bagdud. Witness asked if the reports, prejudicial to Mrs, Richardson's character were correct. He replied, if you will go into tny house I'll shew you some letters, nnd ynu can judge for yourself. Witness went with defendant to his house, when he shewed me this letter and another I might have seen more, but I declined it. Afterwards had a conversation with jlfr. Cox, in reference io this letter; .1/r, lispie came in during the time. By the Attorney General.—To the best of my knowledge I had seen this letter before 1 had ihe conversation with Mr. Cox. Mr. Cox recalled.— It was not in consequent v of what Mr. il/urdoc.h said alor.e that IremovedA my ward from Mr?. Richardson's school, hut from ivhal he S)lid, in onnexio J with otherfluating reports. Murdoih asked if he had heard the story about Mrs. Richardson, and if he had removed the young lady (his relation) from the scoonl. Witness said "no." The Attorney General objected lo this conversation being given in evidence ; the counts in the declaration set forth that the girl was removed in consequence of what Mr. Murdoch told tlie witness. It now appeared that ii WBS partly on lliat account, and partly in consequence of oilier reports After some disoussion, his Honor aMowcdtlte objection. Air. John Davie.—(By Mr. Macdowell).— j Lives at Brighton; when Mrs. Richardson's ! SI l.nol was first opened, sent two of his children; | it was in i onsequenr.e of the recommendation of | ihe defendant. The school a« then nl Bagdad, | ill a house belonging to defendant. Defendant | lold witness that ilie plaintiff was fil to be eoveruess to the Queen. This was in April, i i B4'2. Witness's children are not at the school ! now. Had n conversation with the defendant at | witness's store, in October last, respecting Mrs. Richurdson. lie said be could tell Mrs, Davis something respecting the plain iff, llial would make Mrs. Davis's cap rise on her head; and that it would astonish her. The defendant suid he knew all tint about her before she left his onn house Mrs. Davis said, " more shame for you lo recommend my children to go to her, if you knew all thai before Mrs Richards on left." S'le said, you are an ass, if you knew that, to send your own children to her; I do not believe what you say." Al that time Mrs Richardson had left Armytage's house, at Bagdad, end gone to live al Ponlville. Had, afieiwards, some conversation with defendant ot his house, (where witness hnd gone < n other business) about Mrs. Richardson. He said, he would shew witness some Jeiters of the plaintiff's. Witness was going away, when llie defendant SBid, if you've a mind to step back I'll shew you a lot ol letters of the plaintiffs writing, that the commonest prostitute would not write." Witness believes fie said he got the tellers from Port Phillip. lie had previously ihiealened to strike witness; he said it was through witness he had Lcen brought lo tlie Police-office, when Piper wus there oboul tlie plaintiff. Witness told him he had nothing to do willi it; he was in town at llie time and knew nothing of it until next day. By the SolicitorGeneral.—The defendant did nol say, in the conversation, that the ptainliffliad said she would, or had said, something respecting Mrs. Davis. Nothing of the kind ; he nertr meniinnod the plaintiff and Mrs. Vuris toeeilifr. Me. lie ry Best—Resides at the Royal lloteli Bagdad. Knows the parlies in this action; has known the plaintiff IS or 18 months; she has been residing, as schoolmistress during ihallime, partly at Bagdad, and pailfy at Brighton, hi March last, the defendant called on witness; he said he wished lo disabuse his mind respecting his reason for taking his daughters from the school. He produced some letters, seh cted ottr, requesting witness to peruse it, and asked liira if lie knew the hand-writing. lie then p oduccd nno.her letter, and asked if thoy were written hy one Hnd ihe same band. Witness said, there »'M a great similarity in tlie hand-writing t, the two letters, but witness did not l ' nk the first letter was written by her. The defendant asked why? Witness said, it was a much bolder and stronger hand writing. " e said, her hand-writing varied. Hetlien made some allusion lo his son's death; he said the diabolical woman who had written that le'ter had been In® death of his son. Witness said he understood his death had been caused by going into tlj e washing-pool at Port Phillip after tuking medicine. He said, who was the cause of his taking medicine; ah! sir! she was the death of my SOD; she was the cause of his taking the medicine. Witness understood from his words that l" e plaintiff had given (he defendant's son somen is-,, ease, at the time she was living in defendant house. Tbe defendant did not say how lo"g' hail been in possession of the letters; he said tiny had teen sent over from Port Phillip by lus «°n> who had found lliem in the rafter of the ln» > they were not found among his oilier letters. By the Attorney-General.—He did not nation to witness the. word "disease" during " conversation; tlie inference was drawn f rom (Continued in second page.) ELLEN." S U P R E M E C O U R T RICUAIWSOS V. ARMYTAGE. (Continued from our Fourth Page,} conversation that oreurred ; tlmt she was the cause of his son's taking medicine, and of liis death. Told Mr. Stodorl, alter seeing l)ie letters, that he wus satisfied as to lierclitrHcier. liy Mr. Alucdowell.—I meant 1 was satisfied Ibsl her characler sIooJ uiiimfieuilted. By the Judtie.—I do not believe this leller 10 be in tlie plaintiff's hund-wrilintr. There is a similarly, but it is too hold. 1 have letters of hers at home, titul I have seen her write, lier writitit; is always in one style. 1 have no doubt of this letter never huvinn been wri.'ten by her. By Mr. M.icdowell.—Knows the hand- wriiii.g of Mr. Gfortjp Armytngp. Tbeie is a similsrily betw.cn this letter and Mr, George Arinyin»e's = writing. The Rev. John Burrowes.—Is a rlergyman til Ponlville. Knows the parlies in this action; has known the plaintiff about two yeurs and a half, Site was at first residing os 6'overness at Mr. Armytage's; then in a school belonging to the defendant, and afterwards nt a house felonging to Mr. Davis, lias had many opportunities of knowing how the school was conducted. Witness's own children continue to be educated by her llpmembers hearing of the death of Mr. George Armytage lias had convetsations respectin? an intended trarria/e between M Rieliordson and Hie defendant's lute son. The defendant lold wilness he should have no objt-ction to the marriu>:e if lie rereived suti-fuciory answers lo letters he hud written to England. The plniiitifT removed from the defenduut's o.ot- litnelast winter. Towards tlie close of the convention, lie snid his son's death was occasioned by a 'votnait. Und< rsiood lii^n to allude to Mrs, Hichardson. At one lime the defendant said, he had evidence 10 r.ome from Port Phillip lo prove her base character; lie said, on one occasion, in presence of .Mrs, Armylnge, "Mrs. Richardson was the cause of my son's death." Witness a^ked how lint could be possible, when he understood his death was caused by goini> into the water afl*r Inking; calomel; either Mr, or Mrs. Armylhge said "she, (meaning Mrs KicWdson) was the cuuse of his taking ilie medicine." Ai that time it made no other impression upon witness, than llittt Mrs Iticlmrd,on had written to him,.advising hire to take medinine. In a subscqtietitcomersBtion, Mrs. Armytage suid, Mrs Hieh irdsoii had lold her, her former husband had been a very gay roan, and had t>'ven to her a tertain disease. Mrs. Richardson had noi now more than six or eijht pupils. Was present when a 11 uroller of pupils we'e removed from the school; one was a daughter ol Mr. Lester's; Mr. uiid Mrs. Clatk also removed their daughter; both were on the same day. Believes it was Mr. Army lag* who sotd lhe plai Miff had been the cause of his eon's death, bul is not ceris'n. Mr. Mucdowell Buked wliut reason tlify assigned for removing llie children The Attorney General o'.je. led,and his Honor decided lhat evidence as to lhe reason llicy gave at the lime was inadmissible By ibe Aitornej General.—I instiiwed a prosecution before lhe magistrates aguinsi Piper for slander, but not as for Airs. Iltchurd>on. Is quite certain the defendant Mid he had tellers, or evidence, 10 come from I'oit Phillip, to prove lhe plaintiff's base character. May Imve endeavourid <0 persuade the defendant to send his daughter back ; he refused 10 do so. The defendant lold witness ihe plaintiffhad been carrying on a rlan- destine correspondence wilh ltis son," but does . , , • • . : ..... not remember bis assigning thut as a reason This being the plaintiffs case, iiis Honor suggested that die evidence had failed to substantiate file l»t and 4th counts, and thut 220 special damage had bpen proveJ. • Mr. Macdnwell «'Onsenled lo abandon (lie 1st and 4th counts, and admitted that the special damage had not lieeti sustained. The Solicitor General then rose and ad.fressed tlir routt in nn aide and subtle urjuineut, citing numerous authorities, to shew lh»t, «« fpeciul damage had not been sustained, the plaintiff's case nwn aliogetber J'ujl, as tlie tillered slanderous words were noi artiouable per se, or irrespts:- live of injury sustained 111 the plutniilTs biisiaess ol a schooliiit3ttes>l as sel fotth in the erul counis of ilie di'clar«tiuii. lie cited from Chilly's Pfeadinns, und Adotph.is uud Eilts, to shew that if a platiiiifF dues it'll fitove till' wnid). in ihe declaration he must he nonsuited. Tlie learned gentleman quoted tlie decision in u rer-cnt rase, not dissimilar 10 lhe present, tried at lhe York Assises before Mr. Justice Taunton,and applied (lie judgment of Lord Chief Justice Henman to tha cause now in issue. His Honor said (hat did not apply to the irapti In lion that the plaintiff had Ihe venereal disease. The Solicitor General contended thai the rule, in reference 10 this part of the cu*e v.as, that the disease must be such uswot.ld put a person out of society; Ihe words weie " inieclious disease*'; such as the plague, or tile small pox, when tlie presence of ilie person micht infect others willi the dft-ease. liy no perverted ingenuity could il he shewn that venerea! WHS otie of those "inieclious diseases'' which tenie untler the rule oflaw, for it wus matter of every day orcurrence that perrons so affected visited unionist their Iriends, und were not, in consequence, out of society. His Hoi.or said—it might save time if he nt once put it to the jury (o say whether they thouchl the defendant, in hie conversation with Mr. lies!, did or did not intend to impute that the plaiimfl' had infected Thomas Armytage with the disease. The jury, after a moment's consultation in 'lie bnx, snid, through their foreman, that they did think the venereal disease was implied. The Solicitor General then contended, that it was improperly charued in the declaration; that the ofltce of an inuendo could not enlarge die sense of the words, or convey any oiher meaning in connexion wilh lliose words; llut there was no avernent in lhe count, no indureroenl. The Judge.—If iliey will ttll tne what the inducement is, I wilt put it in. The Solicitor General then proceeded lo argue that lhe communications made by the defendant, being from one parent lo another hating children at the school, were privileged; for, however prf- judiciul such statements mifjhi be 10 lhe character of lhe plaintiff, if made in good faith, and without express malice, it was privileged, and un action for slander could not lie; for the slander must have reference to lhe special character of the parly. The learned geutlemuii concluded u very abfe argument to shew thai lite declaration must fail. Mi. Mucdowell said, the communications to Mr. Ot^st, .Mr. Murdoch, ued others, wer,? not privileged comttuniculions; and contended that lhe evidence sustained the t-li..r|te of express ma htc in her office of a schoolmistress on mote than one of the counts. Tlie iearntd gentleman cited un authority to s.hewthata person liuving any contagious disorder,"sur.h as leprosy, French pox, would exc : iirie 0 person from society. Ills Honor said he would stop the case on ihe subject of special damage, if that was ull, liul there were oilier mutters at issue ; and there were Sunders and libels where proof of express malice was noi necessary. He would send the case to (he jury lo say whether ilie sluuder was malicious or not. The court ilii-n adjourned lo the followjno day, and tlie jury wem permitted to retire to ihrir respective places of ulode, by cnn;ent of ull purties. TI'ISDAV, JUNE 13, 1844. On the assemlilins of the court ibis morning the Attorney General opened the defendinl's case, lie osked where was tlie pronf of malice as regarded the condurt ol ihe defendant. Was it lo be found in the plninlifT living in the house of the defctidiint, and after she h id left, Mr. Armytage sending his duuahlers to licr, mid recommending others lo do the same ? The statement which l>nd been rem), as In what Mr Armytsjje bad before sai.l ul the Police-office, shewed Ihul the assumption of malice wa< tinwarr-jut.ible. Tor what, in one pait of that stulement, di,J the de- fendant say!—Why, there words: "I should say, from my knowledge of the house, nn<1 the usual posilion of the sofn, thiit il was impos-ihle for the prisoner Piper lo se e such a Iransuclion." Was that ihe siraiuht-forward evidence of B man who had instituted l J iperlo propagaiethercport ? Did the learned gentleman not think what musthe tlie outraged feeling' of 11 fa'lier, when lhe grave had dosed over the remains of one son, to have lhe reputation of his surviving sen bluckened, and should the attempt succeed, his character ruined for ever, by the attempt now mode to cast upon dial young gentleman lhe odium of having forged lhe letter now in issue. Did the learned gentleman, and lliose who were engaged Willi him in lliis caii,e, think nothing of the indcurihuble, the malignant outrage 10 the defendant's feelings as a father and a num. when it was attempted to fit upon him the odium of huving suborned his snn to commit a forgery and perjury, in order to destroy the reputation of a defenceless woman The jury would look calmly 81 the fai ls, and come unhesitutingly to the cnn'luston that it was impossible the deftndant, who had a deep slake in ilie colony, wus such n demon in lhe I uman form. The detendanl had been reprobated by lhe learned Counsel for shewing this document to his friends; but what would any of the jury think of lhe niodejty or chastity of any relative of theirs, who should, by an action seeking for damages, cause such a 'elter tn be produced btfore the court and public. The learned gentleman then adverted to lhe counts in lhe declaration. The evidence as to the first, had (ailed of proof, und they would, so far i s il was possible, dismiss from (heir minds the itivestiua'ion at lhe Police Office, and the observations whir b lliey had bean) to implicate tlie delendanl in Piper's story. The Itev. Mr. liurruws bad wished (hem (o believe (hut he had instituted the inquiry of his own free-will and motion, and noi as for the plaintiff It was extraordinary Ihat this witness could recollect little or nothing that might tell for (he defendant, but his memory mis so ncate for the plain/iff, that lie could remember 10 e»en so fine a shade as a monosyllable; for lie was quite positive (he defendant said, not that he had letters come from Pott Phillip, bul (hai (here were letters "to" come. Then, in (he 2nd count, it was alleged thai the defendant had tofd Mrs. Davis ifia( fie Ihe defendant, knew of something about Mrs. Richardson that would m^ke her cap rise on her head; - and lhe witness (Mr. Davis) added, thai these words were added—"il would astonish her." Why, if such a phenomenon had occurred, no doubt the astonishment of Mrs. Davis could bave been very grear. 7'be person vrho drew the count must hive bad in his imagination tbe ghost scene in the tragedy of Hamlet, w here tbt ghost talks of making " each particular hair 10 stand on end like feathers on the fretful Porcupine." J)lit ibe count was bad 111 law, far one part negatived the other. It was ssid that (be words were spoken of and concerning tbe plaiuufF while she mided in the house of die defendant, and of and concerning lier io her business of a schoolmistress. ITp'on which of tbese allegatiuns did the pluintifTscounsel rely; she wet not a sckoolm stress when slio resided in the plaintiff's boase. One would eupposa that, whilst she lived at Mr. Armytage's she was like D. Fauttus, Irving to raise tbe devif. Tbe learned counsel then went through oil the counts, and again intended tbat, as there had been ao special damage she was not entitled to a verdict. Mr. Solomon Austin (by lhe Solicitor General) —Knows the plaintiff; came out from England in the same ship; she bore ihe name of Mrs. Ring on board the ship. Site told wi'iiess, during Ilie passage, ber name was Hichardson. Has corresponded with her siace she lias been So the colony, Milnnu and nnil received ronfiivpA several GPI'Sni letters BltPlS from JTOm her; 1 acted on ihose letters a! her request; has coarrrsed tviih her on lhe subject of the tellers, she tecogniicd ihem as written by ber. [Leller set out in lite plea given 10 witness,] I cannot swear this is her wriiing; to (be best of roy belief it is her writing. Saw it in March or April fast; i( was shewn me by Mr Armytage; I (hen said lo Mr, Armyfdge, I believed it to bein Mrs. JlicliBrd.-on's band-writing Mr. Armytoge snid he was threatened with an action, and witness recommended him <0 shew (he lener (o the Rev. Mr. Burrows. 1 had an interiiew with her after Mr. Armytnge's death ;—it was iu consequence of a letter I reruived from her. In conversation she snid, " I understand you have a brothel at Pott Phillip, und I hear Mr. Armyinge has written lo him, ieque>lin^ him 10 look up his son's books, 1e(ters, papers, and so torlh." Witness said he believed Mr. Armviaee had done so Sheasked, " will you do me a favor?" Witness asked, what? She snid, she had kept up a correspondence wilh (lie deceased, and would witness write to his brother to ask if nny fetters of hers, all si2ncd " Ellen" should fall into his hands, tn send lliem to her. She snid, at the same time, " I would not have Ihem full intn the hands of Mr. Army- Inge for the <»orld ; i( they do, I shall be ruined." Witness accordingly wrote lo his brother, and letters in consequence were sent by wi ness's brother a( Port Phillip to him. Observed the hand-writing of (he letters and rend a portion of ilipm; ihey were signed "KHen." The Jjnlge—Thai is no proof of lhe Utter on w hich they justify being hers The Solicitor General—The witness's brother wns 10 send all the plaintifl"s telle s signed " Ellen," und those returned were so signed We have received notice to produce the said letters. Tbe Judge—A packrl of letters were sent, Mr. Mucdowell—Oh, yes; arid read by the witness. The witness—First of all I had permission lo do so. Mr. Macdnwell—Oh, yes 1 Kxnminulion continued—Do you- believe the lef.ers sent from your brother were in the handwriting of Ihe plain!)ff? The Judge—No; that is not evidence. Mr. Mucdowell—I do not object to the evi den P. Tlie Judge-1 do. Mr. Maedowell—Very well, your tfonor, The Solicitor General (hen cited from Carring- (on «nd Payne, and the Judge allowed the question 10 be pul. Examination resumed—To the best of my belief the letters were in tbe plaintiff's linndwriting. Witness's brother, on sending the letters, railed ltis attention .10 one of a particular dale. She had snid before, in lhe conversation that in one. of her letters she had spokrn of witness in disrespectful terms, in consequence of liarinu been lold, by Mr, Armytage, he (witness) had s.iiii something very had of her character, which he dcnieJ (linn and denies now. Before (his she had written to him the le'.ter now sh wn 10 hitn, in ref«:rencc to lliis action Did not meet her, but replied in writing. Received a second letter flora her in reply, after which he saw hfr; this is (he letter. Has no doulti of its bein< in her Jmud- wriling; it's a lighter hand ilittn she used (0 wri(e Mr. Macdowcll ndmitted llift letters to be in plainlifl's hind-writing. Examination continued—She spoke of the action, ond of Ihe letter which Mr. Arniylage had shewn to witness; 1 said, lltp expressions in the letter are so strong you bad bc(tcr not go in(o Court as you will not recover. 1 said the expressions arc only known to few, and if you let (he mutter tlrop your school will be re- eslablished She replied (as to lhe advice witness gave her), surely I shall obtain thai which will enable me 10 leave lhe country. She said the letter wus a forgery. She added, my character is lost, 1 must go in to Court ; £ do not know what to do I told h r I hud seen the letter and believed it to belter hund-wriiini:. She u.-ked if there was anything bud in il; I said lliere was, and lold her of a certain passage respecting ber uoing up stairs lo lier bed- chamber. Slie said if llnl was there il was not her wriiing I said il was her writin — n . sni'. 1, iici miiiii^ m | Ilie best of my belief. She suid, if it was, I wus ! mnd wfirn I wrote it Cross-examined by Mr. Macdoivell—She said, on lhe pnssuge out, thin she was culled Mrs ltinj>, because Ihe eldest son of Mr. mid Mrs. llorradale, with whom she came from England, was called Hichardson" Borroilule. Was 011 very intimate terms with the phiiuiif] on her pas- sage out and after her arrival here. Mr. Mucdowell—I.nve, you know, always bcpiiis wilh a little nccrsion. The Witness -There was no love lliere (laugh ler.) The Coi.n<rl—Then j ou do noi own the mpPHchmenl" (renewed laughter.) The Witness—Not on mj side (laughter ) The Counsel—Did you correspond with lier, and ticcusionully walk out with her after your arrival in the colony ? Witness—I did ; 1 rorrespon led with her, and sometimes walked out wilh her, bul n ;t in lhe streets of llobarl Town (laughter.) I'lie Counsel—When jou corresponded with lier where did yon write from ? Witness—It might be from the Ship Holel or Ship Hotel coach-office. The Counsel—Surely you never dated your love-Jeuer "Ship Hotel, Ship Hole! Coa-lioffice," that would he like " Bull and Mouth Bull ond Mouth-streei"' (peals of laughter.) Examination continued—She said, in ilie conversation about lhe letters, " Should your brother find ony letiers tell him he is ul liber'y 10 read them ; and also yourself." Il was in my investigation of (lie fetters, that I discovered she had spoken nf me disrespectfully. I sent lhe letiers received from my brother wilh one of my own This is the leller I sent to Mrs. Ricliurdson with lhe packet ; it is in my hand-writing. The witness ilien, at the desire ol the learned Counsel, read the leller, amidst peals of laughter. It was as follows ;— ROSEVEATII, Jan. 19, 1B44. DEAR MADAM,—I write you to say that I have received from my brother a parcel containing letters written by yourself, accompanied with a letter from hira to roe, denying in ibe most positive terms ot ever making use of any observations (o any person disrespectful to you, but recollects a conversation lbat took place more than twelve months ago between himself aLd your informant, which wns commenced by the iatter, and in ibese words ; " Well, Austin, your brolher cannot lot our Governess' alone ; he made ber another offer of marriage last week;" hut be said, with a sneer, tbat "bo could not succeed when such a man SB himself was in the way." and a great deal more in a similar strain— a portion of «•!neli is too indelieato for yoar r ar. He desired me (0 peru6t> a letter written in Jan. last. Which I have done, and I cannot belp expressing my surprise at your many—very many— creditable observations lespecting myself, on w hich 3 haveonly one observation lo make, viz., should you ever by chance have occasion to make use of my namo in any Bbape, be kind enough to confine yourselfto theiruih—the wbole'truih—and nothing but Ibe truth ; which will greatly oblige The witness, al the word " oblige," made a pause Mr. Macdowell—You must read it all; (hete is something else. The witness, nfter some hesitation, read "Will greatly oblige, " Dear Mudam, ' Your low-born vulgar little wretch,— (peals of /aughler) " SOLOMON AUSTIN." The Judge—I thought ihat was your own te((er? Witness—Il is your Honor, hut part of i( is an extraM from my brolher's leller to me. Examination resumed—I never saw Mrs. Richardson write. To the best of my belief this [the letter in issue] js i„ (he same hand-writing as those I got from Port Phillip; to the best of my belief it is also in the same hand-writing as ilmse I got from Mrs. Hichardson, and which I gave lo ihe Solicitor General a few minutes ago. Mr. Macdowell again pul into the hands ol witness the letter on which the defendant justifies, and asked him to read it. The witness, after decyphering two or three lines with difficulty, made a dead stop. Mr. Macdowcll—Come, gn on. If there's a word you cannot make out, tkip it (laughter ) Tbe witness mulling the undeuypherable part an iiotus, proceeded again with a line or two, and was again brought to a dead loch. Mr. Macdowell—Why you surely had no such difficulty in decyphering (he answers you received to your letters, dated from "The Ship Hotel, Mup Hotel Coach-house" (roars of laughter ) The Wiiness, evidently puzzled, s.id—This letter is like one that has been written in hasie (renewed laughter) The Wilnes-, in reply lo a question trom (lie Solicitor General said he had wilh liim the leller which his brother wrote 10 him from Port Phillip in sending lhe packet of fetters. Mr. Macdowell objected to the j rorluclion of the letter; and his Honor allowed the objection. The Rev. Joseph Beatley (by the Solicitor General)—Knows the plaintiff; has seen her write, and am acquainted wilh lier hnnd-wriiing. I believe this letter 10 have been written by her. By Mr.'Sfacdowdl—lias seen her write more than once. She signed her name to an agreement on one oceasion in witness's pipsence; on another she made some additions tn a prospectus. Mr, Macdowpll—Hod you any difference with her at any time! The witness, in reply 10 this question, entered into a I0112 stutement,as lo a conversation he hud had with Mrs. Richardson, when she expressed herself in very warm approbation of lhe cniire works of in roa ; he had slated, afterwards, lhai a female who held such nn opinion of Byron's works could not be a very proper person for a teacher of young females, hut he hud af erwards said, if it was any olier person ihan Mrs. Richardson he should not recommend a parent lo send his child 10 lier, bul (us we understood) iie made an excep(ion in her fuvour. Examination c ontinued—I wai, at one time, in the habit of attending her school once a fortnight lo administer religious instruction to her children. Mr. Macdowell—lias she dispensed with your services in thai capacity. Witness—She never dispensed with my services, but I do not visit her present school. Mr. Gilbert Robertson (by (he Attorney Geoend)—(sivnrn in (he form adopted in lhe Couits rf Scotland)—Knows lhe parties in this action; bus known the plaintifl since soon ailer ber arrival in (he colony. . Remembers her i,oing to reside at the defendant's house; she went ui the recommendation of one of witness's daughters. Repeatedly 6aw her at the defendant's house, but never nt her school Has frequently seen her write. Tfiis letter [letter shewn I is in ilie handwriting of Mrs. Richardson. Was present ol (lie Police Oflice, at Ponlville, during the fxaminatii.nofa man named Piper; Mr. Army(uge was examined ul ihat time By Mr. Macdowell—I asked Mr. Armytage (wo questions. Has seen her write at Mr. Armytage's house; and, I think, once nr twice, at my own house. I suiv her writing notes, and, also, in the children's copy books. Saw nothing of the notes, except the address. Believes he lias reud a note of Iters, addressed to one of his own daughters Was called upon to give un opinion tespecting her hand-writing ; fell particularly anxious, Ins own daughter having recommended her. Witness said (lie style of w riting was not such as would do for teaching in the present day There has been a greal improvement since in lhe genera) sl)le of writing. Mr. Mucdowell—Look at the letter carefully, and tell me in what respect il resembles Mrs. Richardson's. Witness (after looking al it) said hp 1 ,iU|d not distinguish tlie minute difference; he lind no( his spectacles here. Mr, Macdowell—Dow long have yon been undei (he necessity of using spectacles (Laughter.) The Witness snid— sir.ee his recet.t illness he did i ol see very well. Ks'iininatioii les.imed—Tlie character of the j'siitiie same lJrlieves ihat Itlier [one ud- '<1 . to .11 r. Macdoncll, * -j by — the \- - 'fefcndatit, — — 1 »>' al- Ju , "' h " "/""nine speech] to lie Mr. Army. tape's hand-wntiiitr. I have'sfen this copy of the True C<ilom\t ncfore. Tit s i.rti-le [one in referent e 10 lhe present action] w„s .xriliun by Mr. itnhert Stoiinrl (bv the A'lo-ncy General — Lives at Ua-dud ; knows Mr Henry Best; I Imd a coiivirsition with him at my house— Air. Macdowell objected lo any co.jvcrsution being given in ev dente to c.otilrudicl Bnv thing which Mr. Best had stated. His attention should have been specifically called to (hut conversation, ihat not Inning been dune, Mr. Slodurt could not now be culled for such a purpose. His Honor overruled the objection, Kxnir.ination resumed—Mr. Host said the defendant Imd sent for him, wilh regard to lihs. Richardson, and asked sviiness to go with him. Wi(ness said it miilil lie a multer of business, ond did not go. On Mr. Best's return he said he had seen die letters, and there could be no mistake ; lie thought lliey were genuine. Has seen Mrs, Iticlmrdion write; saw tins letter two or th fee months ago; could not swear it is the same hand. 1 have seen Mrs. Itii.hardson write, but it looks very much like il; 10 tlie best 0/ my belief it is her hund-wiiting. By Mr. Macdowcll-Has only seen Mrs. Richardson write cure; it wi s at her OWD house; I saw her wrile a bill for a balance of uccounl with Mr. Armytage. Does not know George Arcnytage's hand-writing. Mr. Best said he saw some letters, and that they were genuine. This letter was shewn 10 me by Mr. Armytage. Had no children at the plaintiff's sohool. By lhe Altorney-General—I intended to send 1 my daughters to lhe school, and took a house, in 1 lhe neighbourhood of the school, for lliat purpose. That wns not lhe present school-house. Mr. Best (by Ins Honor)—What Rlr.Siodati has said is correct as to the occasion of .Mr. Armytage sending for roe; but I deny, mos's positively, ever having uitcred lhe words respecting the letters being genuine. Mr. Gro^e Armytage (son of ibe defendant— by the Atiorney-Geneial)—My sister Etna, near- ly 17; Llizahelh, Virginia, und my brother I rcdcnck were under Mrs. Richardson's charge as governess al my lather's house. 1 have seen Mrs. Richardson write; upon my oath 1 really never did write this letter [teller on lhe plea] 1 believe it to be iu Mrs. Richardson's hand-writing. 1 first suw the later, in l'chruary last, at I on Phillip, al our establishment; tlie s.anon of winch niy broifier had charge in fit's life lime 1 saw the letter alter my brother's death • I did not find it myself; it was given to rne hy Mr. Stockton, lhe manager ]Je got 11 out ol an old box , 1 wos close hy him at the time. The letter was found while we were looking lor 11 bill receipted. 1 he bor wus in ihe store-room ; it was on old lumber-box belonging to lhe establisli- «uer:L Itwasubouilf tno„li>8 after my bro- Iher s death ; if,ere were six or seven of (iiem; I tied the leiiers up to-eiher, and put them in a carpel bag, I brouwh. lhe carpel bag away with me on returning (0 my father's house. I did t.oi read lhe leiler at l'otl Phillip. We were looking over lhe accouuis, I opened the bag and slioik the contents out. My father was noi then present, but my mother wus; she look up (he letters, and must have ufierwurds given (hem to mv father, Mr. Macdowell requested (he witness lo go to the table, take a picce of paper, and wriie a passuge from the leller which he should diciale The wi;ness then wrote tlie following passage- — " You were to go out, and to go up into 'my bed room, only minding the stairs do'nt creak, and there stay unlit I toine up." The paper was then handed lo Mr. Macdowell who requested the wimess -o write lhe same sentence over again, on enolni-r sheet of paper. 1 be operation having been repeated I lie witness again wen( inlo (lie box. Mr. Maedowill_Is Mrs. Aruiytage an cducaled rtoiaan. 6 Witness—Not a well educated woman. j Mr. Macdowell—Her spelling and yours SP.™ ' • w " r y TOUI:h alike - Uow d ° y°"'peTi Witness—Cr-ee-k 1 (Roars of lauchte, % Mr Macdowell-nusk no more Z ^ L , I wanted your spelling, not yourhand-wriUn" ' By A Juror—The manager is still J. B " father's employ; he is still at Port Phillin ' Bv the Judte—The letter had not been'oai „r my possession after i( was put into the bag; I had 110 quarrel with Mrs. UichardT''^* any time. I have heard it insinuated befo!. 0 ," 1 day that the letter was in my hand wriu'n [Here Ihe witness was much aeitmJ' neariy fainted ] E a<e d > an d The Judge-You had bellergo oulsidein([, air; III ask you a few questions by-and-bve lite witness then teiired. ' • Mrs. Slodari corroborated fie' husband' •rent, ms <0 Mr. Best saying be jvas fied respecting the letters, slate, lute salis- Mr. George Armytage retailed—r t, month since Mr. Murdoch insinuated ,w".I" letter wa* in my hand-writing. Wha! j i written in court is in ihe general C11B,„M " e style of my tand.-ri.ing ? I neve, S a n d motive assigned why I should wile such.?™"' The old box was in the Slore.room „h ' e r ' brother used to reside. J never «,oTe • my brother any fictitious leller. I do not *? y leiter is like my writing, but I ilm.„ b".^,™ people say il is like it. 1 „evcr J ™ "' until I found il in the box. I had heard Lit' of (he aclion when my mother foui d the t f but about a fortnight after I heard ti,at a„ „!!,•' : was about to commence. I saw the leito • father's hands within a week after I J 'l" (er ,0 my mother; My eldest si-ier Eli. ^ present; she looked at it after my mi on Ihe ta'ile. I had not then read t ^ ! . " lead it about three weeks' after I h»v letter is Mrs. Richardson's; the generalT "" ler is like what she Used to writej„hfa11 my father's; "she has since improvedT'? 8 ?' writing; but it still bears the same charaL J style; I have no doubt about it beine ha,. 4 Mr. Macdowell—Mr, «ob«tso„ 1 as nr„„ . this letter to be in the hand-wrjtj^X ness; and I now propose to ask him if i|le J, ' " was written by hitn. His Honor decided that, if it ,vas for h pose of comparison vvnli the oiher letiers 11. e answer was not admissible. ' By Mr. Macdo.veJI-1 do not rem(m6cr having imitated Mrs. Richardson's hand-wiit^ I do not remember ever having , ""J. writing into the hands of my sisfJs, them whether it was my writing or Mrs. Jlicu son's. I will not swear positively • ii J ! .' so, or it might not. I J no, atare , f could write very much like Mrs Ric|mrd '' never tried. ' 1 By the Judge-After all lhal |las ,ai( , I am quite positive lhal the letter is „ot j„ ,!! hand wilting. "V This closed the defendani's rase Mr. Macdowe l then called, for ll.e plainliff lhe following witne-ses:— ' Mr. John Leslie Stewart, Accountant al the Bank of Australasia—Has seer, this leller before it was first shewn lo me by HI, Bu„ afterwards hy Mr Pilrairn. Know (he l,and. writing of Mrs. ltichurdson. I do not belil this leiter is in her hand-writing. By the Attorney-General—I have seen hP, write levernl times; I got her to write a letter »t Ihe bank tins morning The Judge-That will not do. Vou should not hnv» done thai. By Mr Macdowell-I was of the fsme „ •„;„„ abou Ihe letter when it was shewn to me last >v ek by Mr. Pitcoirn, ss I am cow. By the Judge This letter is not in ber geoerel stvle ; she writes a more quick fady like haad. This le ler (one produced) is ,„ ber hsnd-wriiin, I have kuown her hand-writing abnut two rem', besides seeing ber write notes and cbenues 11,»,I seen several notes of hers dial came to the bank. ) he Rev. Mr. Pogson_Is Clergyman at Haaiil. ton; arrived ,n this Colony in ,lie same shin ™|i heplainuffin (his action WM1[,Mm,t I her in the vessel, ard, slightly, evers?nce. Oiiaaf Mr. Borrodale a children was called <• Hichardson ijorrodale, and to prevent confusion, she was generally called Mrs. Ring. It WM ^ ™n 5 board Ibat ber nnwe was Mrs. liieIwdsoo. I can. not say that I know ber liand-wriiing Mr. Armytage recalled by his Ilinor-Cannot say when Ilie plainliff[0(t my father's house Richardson , J "l!":. since Cl l 0 1841. fl e '?. S ' r Has" . a . ce often y~"» s seen known ber write Mrr. and corresponded with ber ou mailers of bu,mesB Ibis letter isnotiii her band-writing; I bave not the least donbl or „. I Lave knouu ber bandwriting for the lost two years'und a half, but for tbe last two years paiticularly By tbe Attorney-General—l' have seen ibeplnin- (Itr since (bis nction commenced, and within tlie last 48 hours. I saw her wriiing in my bouse yesterday morning, bul did not look at what sLs bad ivmien. Has hsd several convers,tions aliout tlie letter, aud in reference to tbis sciinn. She is residing at my bouse ut present. I did not know that 1 was required 10 give evidence of this loiter, but to answer such questions as might be asked. 1 did not know upon w bat point I was to give evidence. By Mr. Macdowell—Tbe evidence I gate me. lalen down by Mr. Pitcairn; it bad no reference to this leller. Mr. Henry Howe—[las seen the plaintiff wrile; 1 believe tins letter noi to be in her band.writing, i( Is s rounder band than she usually writes, und tbe lines are not written go straight. Tbe greater part of it is in a much bolder hand than the writ, ing 1 bave seen. I bave had much experience iu band-writing. By (he Attorney-General — I cannot say I remember so much of her bend-wriiing as to «pe»lr particularly or (he •• y's ;" I speak as to (be general charac(er. First became acquainted with lbs handwriting about 1 i months ago, Itev. Air. Burrows—Has very frequently seen Mrs Richardson . write during lbs last two years, I should certainly say this letter is not iu lier writing ; I form my belief because it bas not tlie least resemblance, in my mind, to bei ordinary wr.ting. Her hand-writing is a very neat peumansliip. I consider ber to be an educated woman. Mrs. Wilinot—Hss kuown Mrs. Riclinrdson nearly two years; bas frequently seeu ber write, and corresponded with her. 1 should decidedly say this lenci is not in ber band- writing ; certainly not. Jl appears to we 10 be quite a di Herein hsod, Mrs. burrows, (wife of tbe Rev. Mr. Burrows,) bas often seen Mrs. Ricbarosou write; she bas written to me frequently. I do not believe tbis letter to be in ber hand-writing; it bas some resemblance to it. Tbe Rev, George Oiler—Is Clergyman at Greta Ponds. Has seen (be plaintiff write, end knotrs her writing, from a correspondence witli Mrs* Otter. [After looking for some time at tbe letter.] I believe tins letter not to be ia ber hand-writing, Tbe small iniiial "d's"are differently foruied. Her capital " D's" are formed of two sides of a square; in tbis le((er they are curved. With respect to the initial " y's," in " your's," it ia perfectly distinct from tbe "y" she is in the habit of using. TJie character of tbe whole leller lea a different appearance lo Mrs. Richardson** wriiing. The Attorney-General cross etamined tie witness wilb regard 10 the character of the "y's" in s letter of Sirs. Richardson's, as compared with tlie " r's" of ibe leller in dispute; but bis examination «'» not shaken, Tbe Attorney-General now rose to address tie Jury on the additional evidence offered by the plaintiff, but His Honor thought that, seeing tbBt tbe esse would occupy until past midnight, the best course would be to adjourn. Tbe court was adjourned accordingly* WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19, 1844. The whole of this day was occupied wilb the speeches of counsel, and tbe summing up of (be iearned judge. His Honor cctr.trenced summing vp »l a past one, and concluded at a little past Sve, when II was arranged, with tbe reaily concurrence of IM learned counsel and attorniea in tbe caose, (u'ti should tbe jury be of obfnion lb at tbe letter was written by Mrs. Richardson, they should return a general verdict for tbe defendant on all tha counts; and, on tbe contrary, should they be or opinion that the leller was not written by Mrs. Richardson,UWf should find for (be plaintiff, assessing the damage' nn each count, sad saying whether tbe justifies" 1111 of the first and fourth counts bad been proved. Tbe jury then retired, but returned into court some time after, for bis Honor's directions on soma point of difficulty, which was banded (a tbe bencb l„ writing. Having received liU Honor's inttroo lions ilej »RWn retired,endats few mwutesbefore "even o'clock came into court with the following yerJicI Wefindlhe is! count—for the defendant, jnd count— for Ibe plaintiff, damages £200. 3rd count—for tbe plaintiff, damages £t50. 4-li count—for (lie defeudsnr. sil count—fol tie plaintiff, damages £?0(1. etb count—for tie plaintiff, damages i'iOII. 9jb couut—for the plaintiff, damages £*0(l. Sill count—fir (lie plaintiff,damages £300. Id B!)—jEiaatl damages. Tbe iuir added—That they found tlie plaintiff did not write »be letter; that the defendant's pleas of justification. «o the first and fourth counts, had been proved j and (hat no special damage had beru ^3Tiere was partial applause in court, and a general buw of approbation, which was promptly suppressed by bis Honor, who said, if he could diaco- Jtr who ihose petsoos -were, who tbna gate way to •heir feelings, he would send them to gaol. We stial! give lie speeches, and summing up, in onr next- 