MADEIRA— -IMPRISONMENT OF DR. K.YLLEY. ' From letters recently received from Ma delfn, It appears that the disinterested and devoted labours of Dr. Kalley, in behalf of tlie deurrndiul slave's of Itoinlsh sunerstition in that island, have at length been violently 'put a stop to. After repeated threatenings, he has been cast into prison, tin a chnrge of ' blasphemy, and abutting heresy and apo« tacy 1' This most unwuiriintab'ln act hah been, perpetrated, it would noem, upon the opinion of a Judge nllbgnthor incompRtont to prououncH such a deliverance- regarding ti British subject— in defiance of treaties l)e tweeu1' I'ortugul mid Grtiut Britain, which 'secured to JUritiah subjects Jho rights of exercising their religion in their own houses without let or hindrance, as well as freedom from imprisonment, except in their own houses, until tried for any offence with which they m'ny be charged, and without reference, at all to the proper authority, the Conserv'atorial Court, to which the guar dianship' of these rights and privileges of British subjects is still, in terms of the latest treaty, comrnitted. On the itfth of July Dr Kalley writes: — ' My dear ? , 1 received your letter yesterday, a few hours before being taken to gaol. J had got many warnings thnt. I would:, be made prisoner, and many advices to tnke enre of myself; but 1 Would1 not run a way, and so bring disgrace upon the case They came up; therefote, to my ? b'otica' (hospital), found me amidst patients, and cairied me- to prison. The charge against me is blasphemy, and being an accomplice in the crimes of heresy and apostary. Now, the English have by treaty the rightof exer cising their religion in their own houses, without let or hindrance, and yet, for speak ing on this subject in my own house, I am made a prisoner; Again, by treaty with Portugal, British subjects have the'privilej»e of freedom from imprisonment, except in their own houses, till they be tried. The officials hi-.re say, that the ptivilege was relinquished by the last treaty; but thnt treaty says, that the rights of the Conser valonul Courts (of which this is one) Khali be relinquished only so soon and so long us British subjects shall enjoy in Portugal the same judicial rights which Portugiuse sub jects enjoy in England. Now, the Portu guese enjoy rights iii England for which there is no equivalent here, such as having half, the Juiy_ foreigners; &c.; Wo demand, therefore, the privileges of the ConservRto rial Court. Tlj^ Pope's Nuncio demands, however, that steps be taken to quench the work of God in Madeira ; and the rights of Englishmen and the '; constitutional charter of Portugal, are nothing before the will of him, who claims to be regaided as Vicar of God upon earth.' On the 28th ho writes — ' It now appears they will not grant me the privilege of the Conservatorinl Court, nor accept of bail, so that I am to be first punished, as a malefactor, and then tried ? indeed, unless some energetic measure be adopted, I may be kept ind, finitely, without being tried, in gaol. I cannot belmve. how ever,, thHt England will show indifference to the well-being of her. sons, and leave them exposed to the malice itnd persecution ol inen.wlio regard; not our righ'rs, confirmed by treaties. The Judge who delivered the opinion that I ought to be. seized as a sus pected person, is altogether incompetent to give any such deliverance respecting a British subject. The only peison who has riglit^o pronounce an opinion on the matter is the Judge ? Conservator.* He who has done do is the Judge ' ordinario,' and is also the editor of a newspaper which for months has been rull of the lowest and most filthy abuse of me. Yet upon his npiniou the Portuguese Government proceeds to de prive me of my liberty. It-is really a busi ness worthy of the Popish priests. While within the grasf) of the ? woman drunken with the blood of saints ' — while the malig nant smiln of gratified hate isplnying around the lips of those who imagine that now there is no hulp for me in God; — I desire to raise my voice, and send a ciy across the ocean to my dear fatherland, that those who have witnessed the abomination of tho great harlot may know bhe is the great harlot still. Her,imture is the same — what she wapts is the power.1' GKe her that, and men must renounce all civil and religious liberty, or be subjected to bunds, to scourgings, ay, and to burnings. Not a few have declared their wish that I should enjoy that honour. But the Lord reigueth; the lions are chained, hnd cannot move a step without his permis sion. Yes, the Church of Rome is unchanged. It is a spiritual despotism, atid cannot bear any restraint upon its power. If it dared, it would throw off every restraint, and trample under its feet, us before, kings, laws, people — yea,' and God himself, whose laws it sets' at nought. — Scottish Guardian. The ' unrehearsed effects ' of the stage and the ' drama 'behind the scenes' are iiptorioiis|y as amusing as the deliberate in cidents. ' In the Ol-1 Driiry-lane Thextre,' says 'The Elliston Pupers*' in Ainsvvoiitii's Magazine, '.' many of the dressing-rooms were. on, the landing beneath the stage. During the: representation of some pie.ee, wherein' Dowtbn had to be lowered by means of a trap' through the stage, his face being tinned towards the audience, Elliftton anil De Cmnp, who were concealed be.low, had provided themselves with small ratan canes, and as their brother actor, who was playing a serious pait, was slowly descending^ to solemn music, they applied their sticks sharply and rapidly 'to the thinly-clad calves of his legs. Poor' Dowtbn, whose duty it was to look as dignified and intrenchant as a ghost, smarting under the pain; could scarcely te Train the expression of it by a positive screech, whilst he curvetted with his heels like a horse, in Ducrow s arena. Choking with rage; he was at length wholly: let down ;? and- being now completely, outof sight of the audience, he looked earnestly round to discover the base perpetrators of the violence. Elliston and his companion hnd of course absconded — it was decamp with each of them j but at this moment Charles Holland, dressed [for the nextpiece] to the veiy finish of fashion, worthy of Cibber himself, was crossing from one of the rooms. The enraged actor, mistaking his man, and believing, by Holland's imperturbability of manner, he was in fact, the real offender, seized a mop at that moment' immersed' in most unseemly water, and thrusting it in his face, utterly destroyed wig, ruffles, point lace, and every particular of his elaborate attire ' Just as Dowton had finished his mopping, the prompter's beHrangtorHoHand to appear on. the stage'; but De Camp kindly offered to be his substitute. — Greenock Ad vertiser. The. following particulars of the hostile) meeting which took place on the 5th Sep tember, on the banks of the Neckar; m Germany, between Prince Napoleon Bona parte, and Count de Lnroche Pouchin, Ge neral in the service of Lucca, are from the Diziiatr :- — The seconds were Count de Jassv and M. de Lanison for the Prince, and M. de Vaugrigheiire and General Sicrovsky for his adversary. 1 he meeting took place at six in the morning. The swords having been measured, and the shirts drawn back; for a moment from the chest,, to show that' no means of defence were placed inside, the combat commenced. After-' some time, the adversaries were obliged to stop'frorrf weari ness. A- second' stop took place soon after in consequence of General de' Laroche Pcnchin being slightly wounded in the hand. The delay whs; however, 'of1 short' duration. Almost immediately after,.1 both combatants were wounded at the same time — the General in tlie finger, and' Prince Napoleon in the holjow of the aim. It being found that the Geneial could not hold his Sword firmly, and that a' vein had been transpierced' in the Prince's arm, from which the blood was gushing in large quantities, the seconds decided that the duel was at an end, and that the honor of- the parties ouuht to be considered completely satisfied. The meeting lasted 'about fifteen -minutes, and the combatants separated; with tho deter mination of following the advice of their seconds — to remain strangers to e'ach other for tho future, and not to refer in any way to their lato differences —Ayr Advertiser. 