LITERARY REGISTER. CONFESSIONS OF A VETERAN LAWYER. . part ii. " / " THE YOUNG WIDOW. : — — 44 Never more 44 The charms of maid, wife, and much less of widow, 44 Gan make the fool of me they did before; # v 44 So for a good old gentlemanly vice, 44 1 think I must take uo with avarice! » Byron. I wenty-five years assiduous attention to the duties of the profession I had so success fully commenced, enabled me to retire from the fatigues of the law, possessor of a hand some independence. Early disappointment Had rendered me wary, and i made what in my schoolboy days would be denominated a "child's bargain" with the "tiny God," viz. " I'll let you alone if you let me alone ;" and although I have ever been the ardent admirer of the fair sex, yet, as with all their attractions none could gain that place in my affections once tenanted by the image of Selina Rusport, I attained the respectable age of fifty-five years unshackled by the fetters of matrimony, and unscathed by the darts of Cupid. I had now reached that enviable period of existence when an old bachelor becomes a general favourite at the tea-tables of the elderly ladies, and the confidant of the younger ones of his acquaintance, and my abilities as a match-maker were universally acknowledged by the papas and mammas, as well as sons and daughters, who frequently became can didates for the " advice gratis," which, on all occasions where the tender passion was in question, I was willing to dispense; and many a youthful couple, revelling in the full enjoy ment of the honeymoon, have showered their grateful blessings on my head for removing the obstacles which interposed to their happi ness, and smoothing the road to the temple of Hymen, by means of my matchless diplomacy. How long they continued in that mind after the first few months of connubialization, " deponent saith not." But though I had, up to the age aforesaid, maintained my state of celibacy, there was yet a temptation prepared for me and a snare laid to entrap me into the fetters of wedlock. My old friend Colonel Somers departed this life, leaving behind him a young and beautiful wife to whom he had been united only a twelvemonth previous. He had, some five- and-twenty years before, been under some obligations to me, and, although I knew my self to be appointed one of the executors to his will, I was ignorant of its contents, save that on his death-bed he informed me that he had bequeathed to me the most valuable trea sure in his possession. As soon as his earthly remains had been committed to the tomb of his ancestors, I attended the " reading of the will," which, after particularising a few unimportant bequests, concluded with the following strange paragraph, " The rest, residue, and remainder of my estates, real and personal, I give and bequeath to my dear wife, Emily Somers, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, under the condition and stipulation that within the period of twelve months from the date of my decease she become the wife of my excellent and esteemed friend and hereinnamed exe cutor, Matthias Plead well ; always in case and provided that the said Matthias Plead- well be willing to contract said marriage," and adding the clause that in case of a refusal on the lady's part to comply with this decision, an equal disposition of the property should be made, the one half for the fair widow, and the other a peace-offering to the rejected suitor. Had the ghost of my eccentric old friend started from the grave and appeared before me, I could not have been more astounded than I was at finding myself thus unceremo niously nominated his successor at bed and board. My first impulse was at once to declare off. But I checked the half uttered resignation of my claim, as, through the tumultuous host of ideas which rushed to my brain, one bright speck of policy seemed to gleam through the chaotic mass, and induced rae to suspend my primary intentions, until more mature reflection would enable me to unravel the tangled web of thoughts that crowded on my mind ; and as the present might be deemed an injudicious moment to intrude upon the widowed solitude of Mrs. Somers, I contented myself with addressing a polite note to that lady, expressive of my sympathy with her sorrows, and promising myself the pleasure of visiting her at " Somer- ville" (the name of her country residence, to which she purposed immediately to retire) when her mind should be more composed. I then withdrew from the house without further interview with the lovely relict, who was thus, as it were, set as a bait to entrap me into wedlock, and transform me into " Bene dict the married man." Although I had hitherto managed . 44 to glide through life 44 Free from the dread incumbrance of a wife," I had not been perfectly free from some of the torments of matrimony. If without children of my own, I had a nephew who occasionally created for me as good a fund of vexation as ever chancery suit did for my clients. Harry Thornton was the son of my sister, who, at the early age of twenty years, had, together with a beloved husband, fallen victims to the ungenial climate of one of our African settlements. The orphan child was committed to my protection, and by his in fantine endearments and kindly disposition soon gained fast hold on my affection. From, his infancy he evinced strong predilection for the military profession, and, permitting him to pursue the bent of his inclinations, I pro cured him an ensigncy and as speedily as interest and a.. little of the "ready" could effect, advanced him to the rank of Captain. Harry was a careless, wild, good- natured, and insouciant character, endowed with an agreeable figure, much elegance of address, and excellent temper ; he was a general favourite with the fair sex, and though some what of a roue, still continued heart-free, the moors, the race-course, or the clubs occupy ing considerably more of his leisure hours than the boudoir . The plan of a matrimonial alliance between my nephew and Mrs. Somers had suggested: itself to my mind as a grand desideratum. Five or six thousand pounds in the funds, anct an estate clearing not more than five hundred' per annum, saddled with a wife, would to me,, who already possessed a large property, be but a poor equivalent for the loss of my liberty and bachelor comforts; but would provide handsomely for Harry, without com-- pelling me to resort to my own coffers ; and for the lovely widow, I felt assured that the- young, elegant, and accomplished Captain- Thornton would be more to her taste thair the sedate, sober, settled, old Lawyer,- Matthias Pleadwell. Having thus arranged- every thing in my own mind, as I supposed to the satisfaction of all parties concerned, . I prepared to carry my plans into active operation. The time appointed for my projected visit to Somerville having now arrived, I proposed? to my nephew that he should accompany me, and the town being, at that period, rather" barren of other amusement, I met with a ready acquiescence on his part, we therefore took our departure from London, I concealing my ultimate intentions within my own breast, trusting that the seclusion of a country life, the society of a young and beautiful woman, and the naturally ardent temperament of the- young soldier would produce the realization of my projects. Arriyed at Somerville, we found its fair mistress, if possible, more lovely than ever. The sombre shade of the second mourning in which she was elegantly attired, was in be coming contrast with her beautifully fain complexion, while the sweetness of her manner and the graces of her conversation added to the interest excited by her charms, and com pleted the spell of fascination which shed a halo round her exquisite form. A month passed rapidly away, and I began to feel somewhat uneasy, as I perceived no advancement towards realising my anticipa tions. Harry was lively, gallant, and agree able, but evinced no symptoms of yielding to the tender passion. His mornings were generally devoted to the sports of the field and his afternoons to the society of Mrs. Somers, but his demeanour was perfectly at ease, and his heart evidently continued un scathed. Matters could not remain in their, present position. Some explicit ' declaration - of my own intentions would most naturally be expected by Mrs. Somers,' and I resolved upon attempting to carry my point by a coup ; de main. Having solicited an interview with the lady, I commenced by alluding with delicacy to the eccentric testament of her late husband, and. to the terms therein enjoined respecting the- disposal of her hand. I then proceeded to set forth the disparity existing between' our ageis, ... and how little consequent probability there would be of such an union conducing to her happiness, and therefore would, if she ..desired \ it, voluntarily resign all claim on my part to the honour of becoming her husband, and in lieu of a nearer title continue to possess that of friend. The delight which sparkled in the eyes of Mrs. Somers, and the lively gratitude she expressed for this, as she designated it, act of generosity on my part, were certainly not very flattering to my feelings of vanity ; but if I experienced any sense of mortification I refrained from exhibiting it, and forthwith introduced the subject of my nephew's attach ment, affirming that one of the reasons which weighed so powerfully with me as to induce me to forego my own claims, was the disco very I had made of my young relative's passion for the beauteous widow. I am not positively certain whether the handsome and accomplished Harry Thornton might not have already made some greater impression on the heart of the fair lady than her charms appeared to have effected with him ; for, although Mrs. Somers received the announcement with an air of extreme incre dulity, it did not appear that she would be displeased at finding my statement verified !Nor was I so deficient in penetration as npt to perceive that my nephew would have a fair prospect of success, could I but stimulate him to the attempt of winning the heart of the fair widow. But here was the grand diffi culty to be surmounted. Harry's heart was evidently not formed of very "penetrable stuff," and I felt that, in order to accomplish my object, I should be compelled to resort to an opposite system of tactics to that I had already adopted with the ladv. I must con fess that . I was at times engaged in slight altercations with conscience when I reflected on the various lapses from veracity of which I was guilty in the course of my negotiations, but the " Finis coronat opus " was as potent a salve to my conscience as to that of more extensive, and certainly more mischievous, diplomatists. I was well aware that self-love formed no small portion of the Captain's composition, and this vulnerable point was that to which I directed my attack. The same evening X managed adroitly to bring the conversation befaveen us, as we sat to gether over our wine, to bear upon the sentiments entertained towards him by our charming hostess. On this topic he evinced more anxiety than I had anticipated, and dis played proportionate mortification when I informed him that the impression he had made on Mrs. Somers was not a very favourable one. " In fact, my dear Harry," said X, " the lady has, it appears to me, completely mis taken your character, for she considers you in the light of one of those well-dressed and well-bred coxcombs, who crowd the fashion able salons , without giving you credit for attainments of any higher order than usually fall to the lot of ordinary routs" Having administered the dose, I left him to the solitary enjoyment of his own reflections; his.pride was piqu au vif; his self-esteem, of which X have already stated he possessed no small share, was deeply wounded ; he had prided himself on his general superiority to the herd of fashionable danglers who infest our ball-rooms, and, like moths around a flame, flutter awhile in the blaze of beauty, and lisp soft nonsense and sentimental nothings into the ears of those fair ones who are suscep tible of the flattery of creatures whose highest intellectual attainment consists in the proper adornment of their persons; or gracefully retailing a long studied compliment ; or per haps to soar still higher, and aim for literary reputation on the strength of a string of wretched verses which have cost their empty heads some days or weeks of arduous study to spin, yet, on the spur of the instant, scribbled as extempore in the gilt leaves of a drawing- room album. And to be included amongst such butterflies was more galling to the pride of Thornton than the most direct imputation against his morals. With these reflections still rankling in his mind, he sought the tea table, and, as if determined to win a higher place in the estimation of the fair widow than as from my representation would appear she was willing to accord to him, he exerted all his powers of pleasing to the uttermost, and succeeded so well that, to Mrs. Somers, he appeared a different being ; and while the brilliant sallies of his imagination elicited similar scintillations on her part, so complete a -reciprocity of sentiment seemed already established between them, that " to my mind's eye" the realization of my most cherished project seemed almost accomplished. From day to day I watched with anxious eye the increasing intelligence of the young people. Harry began to evince less relish for the enjoyment of field sports, except such as he could partake of in the society of Mrs. Somers. The foxchase was frequently neglected for the pleasure of driving her in her pony phaeton to see the hounds throw off. The game were permitted to enjoy a season of repose, and the preserves abandoned for the parterre; the company of " my dog and my gun " was discontinued for the less noisy but more pleasing task of escorting Mrs. Somers through the beautiful domains of Somerville, viewing the improvements effected by her excellent taste, and suggesting others which he deemed in consonance with her fancy. And when our lovely hostess would take the air on horseback, the gallant Captain was ever at her side ; and his fiery courser, whilom accustomed to the bush and brake, five-barred gates, and double ditches, seemed to participate in his master's change of temper, and ambled as gently by the side of my lady's palfrey, as though he had been bred in the manege for such companionship. When symptoms such as I have above described make their appearance in one of Thornton's ardent temperament, the progress of the disease towards a crisis is most rapid, and I experienced no degree of surprise when at the expiration of three weeks, my nephew solicited my interest in his behalf with the lady, with whom he expressed the utmost anxiety to commit matrimony. I now exulted in the full success of my scheme. I had witnessed the pleasure with which Mrs. Somers evidently received the addresses of Harry, and I felt assured that a proposal from him would meet with ready acceptance, and therefore cordially promised my co-operation in the furtherance of his suit ; — yet, I must confess, that a slight emotion, somewhat resembling jealously, shot across my mind as I contemplated the charms of Mrs. Somers, and mentally wished myself some thirty years younger for her sake. But little did I then imagine how great a sacrifice was yet before me, and how the success of my plots was destined to prove a source of vexation to myself. The morning following the interview be tween my nephew and myself, X was seated in the little parlour in which we usually breakfasted; the vestiges of that meal had disappeared under the superintendence of the domestics — the table was covered with title deeds, leases, mortgages, &c.s; &c.;, over which X was intently poring, previous to preparing the draft of a certain marriage settlement, for which it required no unwonted penetration to discover there would soon be occasion; — X raise my eyes for a moment, and from the window in front, X perceive the Captain and the widow enter the garden — " Success attend your suit," X mentally ejacu lated as X resumed the perusal of the docu ments before me ; — a knock at the door — "come in" — His the footman — post just arrived — letter for me — " opens and reads" — " Dear Sir, I have great pleasure in being the first <0 announce to you the pleasing in telligence of a vast and unexpected accession to the property of the late Colonel Somers. I have just received a communication from the house of Bice, Curry, and Co., of Cal cutta, announcing the death of his brother Mr. Somers, which took place in that city on the 17th September, exactly a fortnight before that of the Colonel As he died in testate, and without lawful issue, his immense property, amounting to at least <£1 00,000, will go to his brother's representatives, and as I am to suppose you to be the happy man, permit me to proffer my sincere congratu lations. — I have the honour to be, Dear Sir, your most obedient servant, "Louis Latitat, " Attorney-at-Law." Phew ! Where is a contretemps ! — -here have I been plotting and planning, and forcing two persons, who did not care one rush about each other, to fall over head and ears in love, in order to rob myself; — here have X been, while exerting myself to shift the matrimonial yoke from my own neck to that of my nephew, flinging away at the same time a fortune four times greater than that which had cost me thirty years of un remitting thrift and industry to accumulate ! Such were the reflections which rushed upon my mind when I found how completely I had been caught in my own sn.are. One hundred thousand pounds ! — enough to por tion off twenty extravagant nephews, or to gild the chains of matrimony be they ever so formidable! Absorbed in these and such like reveries, I leaned against one of the parlour windows, which opened into ail ad joining conservatory; a few minutes had elapsed, when X was aroused by the sound of voices, apparently engaged in deeply interest ing conversation. — " Then, dearest Amelia, my happiness is indeed complete!" was the exclamation uttered in the passion fraught tones of Harry Thornton's musical voice the reply, which was delivered in the softest notes of feminine tenderness, failed to reach my ear, but I could not be deceived as to the rejoinder — an impassioned kiss pressed by the saucy Harry upon as sweet a "cherry mou" as ever poet celebrated. # Three months passed rapidly away, and at the expiration of that period, Harry Thornton led his blooming conquest to the altar, nor was there a happier or more contented guest present at their happy union than myself. This is the seventh anniversary of theif wedding, and every succeeding year convinced me more and more that my own happiness is more secure in witnessing that of my nephew Harry and his amiable wife, whose children are now (to the number of some half dozen) playing around me, than if I had myself incurred the pains and the penalties of a married life. Yale ! 