MEETING AT ST. BOSWELl.S. [FBOK TtUS Or TOE BOBDERi] (Concluded from I ail Wednesday's number.) We Raw too plainly that resistance was vain, and we submitted to our Lard fate as patiently as we could. The boat's crew were sent down into llie hold, and sentries placed over Idem, nnd wo were disarmed, lint allowed (lie range of ihe deck and cabin, filing our parole Ilia t we would hold no intercourse with our own men nr the crew When we saw the pri vateer's sails swell with the breeze, nnil when with her long sweeps she began lo eniwl along ' like n r.enli pAtle,' while ihc little Dolphin hay stationary and becalmed, we feared (hut we should soon lime more com panions in captivity. Grrnt was onr delight when (he gallant little vessel glided awny like a (tiry before us, and we liegan to ha«c sonic hopes of your escape, knowing as wo dill what a character Ihe Dolphin had for sailing. ' Well done, my hcanty!' shouted Ihe mate. 'Ah, tnnn ami,' said ihe French man, 'donnl rejoice too queek ; before night, your leetel beaute, as you call hare, shall be mine.' I cannot describe his mortification at the skilful ninnocuvre by which you Itaflled dim just as lie thought he whs sure of you, and contrived to steal away again lo windward of him; lint, after a lime, tvhen his angry feeling had passed away, he could not help exclaiming — ? ' l'arlileu I he is one clevarc man, Ihat rapilane ! lie most he var weak nfter lose or.u boat's crew, and yet how lie manage his sheep skeelfully 1 'Tig hIiiiosI peely not let bin) rone away; bole I Hies catch herm — he cannot escape long.' When (he night ret in fo dark and gloomy, he said — ' Well, liegnr, I do begin I It ink (hat capitane of yours is not so vary clevare mail sifter all. How he most be fool lo curry ihat light! — without that tu rn ir re I should lose sight of liecin (juile ?entirely, the night so, what you call, so tar — no — pcetr.h dark.' ' I suppose,' said I, ' in Ihe con fusion he has forgot it.' ' Not a bit of it,1 said Gordon, (he male, to me, aside ; ' Captain Driver is not such a fcol as he thinks. He has some reason for what he is doing, depend upon it.' Alter a time, the light, which had kept at a pretty equal distance a-head of us, became apparently stationary, and we came op to it with great rapidity. ' Ah,' said ihe Frenchman, ' he is tire al last. We have catch been).' We all thought Ihat some of our chance shots had taken effect, and thai Ihe Dolphin, unable to escape, had hove to lo surrender. As we came near Ihe light, (he emnll sails were taken in and furled, the courses lianleil up, and the boat was cleared away for lowering (o board ihe prize. ? Hegar, dis ver cxlraordinare !' said the Frenchman lo me — ' dere is ?le light, but I do not see de sheep. Sheep ahoy I' — No ans« er. ' Sheep ohoy I Answcre, or 1 wcel fire. Still no answer. ? Tirez done 1' — A broadside was lired, and the light disappeared. Nol a cry or sound of any kind was heard after the noise of the tiring had ceased. The poor little Dolphin, we thought must have sunk at onre ; hut yet it was »ery strange that so large a vessel (she was large com pared to the Frenchman) rould have been invisible and inaudible when so near us. The boats were lowered immediately, and furnished with Ian ?ems, Ihat their crews might see (o fave all Ihey could. After -a short lime, they returned, bringing hack, as the cole remains of Ihe poor little Dolphin, a few broken states, and a bamboo, wild a lanlern lashed lo the mil oJ it. The French captain's blank stare of astonishment was at first quite amusing ; but at last the truth flashed ujion him, nnd, with a loud laugh, he exclaimed — ' I'arblen ! that rapilane is one dam clevare fellow I He throw out one tub lo catch a whale; he deserves ?o escape. Hhnmoins, he is not safe jel.' He then hauled r.losc to Ihe wind and stood lo (he eastward, thinking that you would make for Ihcdinnnel fis fast as possible. If it hud not been for liic name of the thing, we would have enjoyed lhc cruise very much ; for the French captain and his officers were polite and gentlemanly, and treated lisasmessmafcsand friends. Their destination was 15 rest, and ours eventually, a French prison, till we Khould bl ransomed or exchanged — h pleasant way for me to enjoy my three year's furlough ! One afternoon, just after dinner, as we wore dodging -o the eastward, with Ihe wind al north, a sail appear ed a head, hut loo far off to distin guish what she could he. All sail was immediately made in chase, and we rapidly nenred the abject of our fiursuit. Sile was o lnmbering.lieavy ooking brig, tinder topgallantsails, painted with a broad dirty while slreak turning up nl each mil with a sheer like a bow. We hoisted Freneb co lours, and fired a pun In leeward ; she shewed en English ensign, and immediately began to make more sail, which the did in a regular collier like fashion, nnd went floundering and plunging along like a curt horse over a ploughed field ; nnd the more mil she made, the slower she seemed to go. Wo were all mightily amused with ber clumsy attempts lo escape and wondered at her folly in exas- j peraling her enemy by such unsvail- [ ing efforts. Gun after gun was fired to bring her to ; but still she flounder ed on,, kicking up her stern as if in derision, as her heavy bow plunged deep into Ihe water. At last, the captain of the privateer got into a low ering passion, and swore he would sink her when he got alongside. While the brig, or at least her crew, were straining every nerve to escape, one nf her main topgallant sheets went ; and the. awkward and slovenly man ner in which the sail was handled, excited the laughter of all on board our small craft. The brig, at (bis lime, as if aware lhatescape wiishope less, took in her royals, and lowered her (opgallanlsails, but without alter ing her course or striking her colours. It was dusk when she came within speaking distance; and, running up close under her quarter, our caplain seized the speaking-trumpet, and or dered lhc brig lo strike her colours immediately, or he would sink her. What was his surprise, when, in an swer tohisW.l , tlii ec deafening cheers resounded from the brig ! Her deck was iii an instant, swarming with men ; and while our crew, were gap ing with astonishment, the painted canvass screen disappeared from her side as if by magic, and a broadside was poured into our hull, which made us reel again, and wounded and killed several of the crew. In justice to Ihe Frenchman, I must say thai, as soon as the first surprise was over, he (Ihe captain, I mean,) was as cool and col lected as possible. His orders were given rapidly and energetically ; and actively and ably were they executed. He instantly stood away to thesouth ward nnd eastward, and trusted to his heels lo escape from an enemy uhom he saw at a glance he was unable lo enpn with. In a few minutes, from the truck lo the water's edge, (he Hercvlc was one cloud of canvass ; and merrily did she dance away over ihe waves The Knglish man-of-war crowded all snil after us; — very dif ferently was she handled now she was no longer acting merchantman. She seemed lo ha«e cast aside her slug gishness will) her disguise, and, lo our great surprise, seemed rather to gain than lose ground. She kept on our weather (larboard) quarter; and her bow chasers were in constant play, and retnarknhly well served — hardly a shot but told upon our rigging or hull. The Ilercule was considered the fastest privateer out nf France; but, before lhc wind, the brig was eii deally gaining upon us. Not one of our shot had, as yet, done her any maler.al injury, though her head sails were riddled through nnd through. This game could not last long ; — (he privateer determined up on making another move. Mo was obliged lo keep his pumps constantly going, for he hud received several shots between wind and water. Sud denly whipping in all his sMinsails, he ran bis yards forward, and hauled lo the eastward. This manoeuvre was rapidly and skilfully executed ; and, as «e shot across ihe bows of the Kn gli.-h brig, we poured a raking broad side into her, which, we afterwards learned, did not do so (Much damage as we expected, as onr guns were pointed too high. Three cheers rang from lhc Hnglish brig — as quick as (bought, they ran in their slun sails, and, following our movements, hauled to the wind. As the privateer had anticipated, the moment the brig rounded to, her forctopsail and topgalhtnlsail, already in latlers. bleu clean out of the bolt ropes. This was a glorious sight for the privateer, but a sad one for us poor prisoners; we thought that nil chance of escape was al an end, and that il was impossible for llie brig to shift her sails quickly enough to save her distance. Kill ' impossible' is a hindsmans word — th.-re is none such on board a l.iilisb manof-war; her fore- rigging was swarming with men in a moment, and in (en minutes more they were bringing a new topsail to Ihe yard, and the lopgallanlyard was on its way lo the niast-head again. In the meantime, her bow guns. had not been silent ; a pretty smart con versation was carried on between them and our stern chasers, nnd their an swers were most unpleasantly true and galling. Her guns mast have had picked marksmen stationed al them, for hardly a shot was thrown away. We were, however, leaving the brig rapidly, when a lucky shot from ber came through one of our quarler porls, and knocked down the two men at the helm. The privateer in stantly flew up in the wind, and her head sails look aback ; and though Uie helmsmen were instantly replaced and the vessel boxed off again skil fully and rapidly, yet Ihc few mi nutes that elapsed before she paid off and gathered way again, were suffi cient lo make a great alteration 'o our relative positions. The F.nglish brig was now within hajf a mile on our weather quarter, gaining steadily and slowly, and throwing her single shot into us with unerring precision. At last, an eigh teen pound shot struck our weather inaintopsail yard-arm ; and the spar snapped in two close outside the slings. Al) chance of escape was now over ; but the Frenchman, a gallant fellow, was determined not to strike till the last; and all the guns Ihnt could be brought lo bear were double-ebotled and rattled into her.. In answer to this salute, the man of:war gate a yaw, lo windward, and poured her starboard broadside into llie privateer, with deadly effect; nnd then bearing suddenly up imid tli9 clouds of smoke, she ran close under stern, and discharged her larboard guns sweeping our decks fore and aft, dismounting two of our guns, (filling five of our men, nnd carrying away our tiller ropes. The privnteer was now perfectly unman ageable — her topmasts were hanging in splinters over her sides — her brave caplain was killed — there were llnce feel wnler in the hold — and the active nnd indefatigable brig was pbiying round and round, pouring in her remorseless fire. Tbc French crew seeing llie madness and in utility of further resistance, struck the co lours ; nnd, in a few minutes, a boat came on board, from H. M. trig Ha wit, and the oflicers of Ihe prirn (eer surrendered to the lieutenant in command —who, on receiving them, complimented the privateer's men highly on their gallant defence. I was greatly grieved al the death of the French captain, who, during pur short snjourn with him , had endeared himself (o us by his handsome and gentlemanly behaviour, lie had al lowed Gordon the mate, and myself, lo dispose of ourselves as we thought proper during Ihe action, on our giv ing our parole that we would not in any way interfere. As soon as the privateer ceased firing, ihe smothered sound of three cheers came faintly up the hatchway from our poor fellows in (lie. hold, who rightly judged the result of the action. They were im ? mediately liberated ; nnd aprizecreiv having been sent on board, the French look up the quarters just vacated by the ' Dolphins1. After a few hours spent in repair ing damages, and in vigorous exercise at the pumps of Ihe privateer, Uie Hawk, with her prize in low, stood lo the northward and eastward ; and, in a few days, the Ucrcule, with Ihe red ensign proudly floating abore llie flag of France, followed her captor into Spilhead. As soon as I possibly could, I hastened up lo town, where I found a leller lying for me at my j agent's, to be delivered as soon as tho Dolphin arrived, (my friends knew I bad taken my passage in that sjiip), begging me lo hasten over lo Ireland immediately, to attend the deathbed of a maternal ancle. I arrived in Dublin in lime to attend the old gen tleman's funeral, anil lo find, lo niv great surprise, that he had left the whole of his Irish properly and a largo estate in this country (o his grateful nephew, on condition that I look his name. Fortune was tired of plaguing me nt last. I was obliged lo remain nearly three years in Ire land, in order lo arrange matters sa tisfactorily with my agent, and lo put everything in train for making my tenants as comfortable ns possible. ' My oilier estate is in Perthshire, ' 'here I shall be delighted lo enjoy ! the pleasure of your society, until you are wearied of ours. — I say ours, ! because I have a new friend to intro duce you lo in the person of my wife.' i I accompanied Sandford home, and found his establishment such as 1 . should have expected from a man of his liberal and enlightened turn of mind — handsome without ostentation [ — liberal without profusion. His lady was a most amiable and agree able person — unaffected and cheerful j in her manners. I was delighted [ with my first introduction lo her. : Coming forward (o mcel me with all the graceful ense thai distinguishes a well-bred woman, and with all ihe warmth of manner of an old friend, f she look me most cordially by the ' hand. , ' Mr. Douglas,' sn id she, ' I am ' delighted to sec you ; often and often has Sandford talked over your mutual adventures, and regretted Ihe evil dcsiiny dial separated I im from his j earliest and denresl friend. Your ' character is so familiar lo me, that I feel as it, instead of addressing a stranger, I were talking (o an old friend. 1 hope you will soon learn to look upon all here in Ihe same light.' Il was impossible nol lo feel instantly at home, where such genuine and sin cere cordiality was d splayed; and, in a few hours, I was as completely domesticated at Grant Hall as if I had been its inmate for years. The very servants seemed lo feel that in pleasing me they were pleasing their master anil mistress ; for whom, it was evident, they all felt the greatest af fection and respect. It is a good sign of the beads of a house, when the servants grow grey at their posts; and most of those at Grant Hall seemed in a fair way of doing so. Hut I am digressing. While the ceremony of introduction between myself and Mrs. Grant was in pro gress, a young lady was seated at one of the open windows. She raised her eyes on my entrance — nnd such eyes! However, I will say nothing more about them ; for, though so much has already been spoken nntl written about ladies' eyes, one glance from such a pair as then beamed upon me w.is worth volumes of description. There was nothing at first particularly striking about the lady's appearance; at least, nothing sufficiently so for particnlar notice or description ; but, on further scrutiny, her features were faultlessly regular, and the expression of ber countenance was so placid and gentle that, hnd it not been for Ihc lambent fire of her dark eyes, I might almost have fancied that some pure, cold, faultless creation of the sculptor's fancy sat before me. fieri was one of those faces which seldom arrest admiration at first sight, but which seem todispluy new beauties the longer they are gazed upon. Sendford in troduced ber as bis sister Alice, ' This is an unexpected pleasure, Miss Sandford,' said f. ' Vour brother wished to give me an agree able surprise, [suppose ; for he never told roe (bat you formed one of his family party.' ' Sandford may hare neglected to mention his sister to you, Mr. Grant,' said she, her bright eyes sparkling with animation, and giving life and energy to her features ; ' but I as sure you be has not been backward in making you the theme of his dis course to us. I have often been in clined lo feel jealous of liis brotherly regard for you.' ?? Upon my word, Ned Douglas,' muttered 1 to myself, when I was comfortably settled into my soft bed, ' you're a lucky dog to have fallen into such good quarters. A few weeks ago, you were afraid to move, lest you should tumble out of your narrow cot, and break your invaluable head upon a hard deck ; and now you are afraid to move for fear of losing yourself in this wilderness of a bed, or being smothered in an ocean of feathers,' II was blight and beautiful July ; all nature brightened in the smile of the summer sun, and fair Alice smiled upon me. Could I be otherwise than happy 1 Sandford was a keen fisherman ; and we used to wander together day after day along ihe banks of (he beau tiful Tay — he to indulge in an amuse ment which he enjoyed with enthu siastic relish, and I to gratify my love for the beauties of nature, which are nowhere seen to greater perfection than on the banks of that noble stream. We always returned home lo a late dinner, and the evenings were en livened with music and song, in which both the ladies excelled, and in talking over the adventures of the day, and Ihe slirring scenes of our pasl lives. ' What strange beings sailors must be V snid Alice to me one evening ; ' such compounds of contradictions ! — so lavish, yet so selfish— so daring, yet so superstitious.' ' Do you remember that strange old fellow Rodney .tbeqnarlermaster,' said Grant, ' who used lo be such a favourite of yours ? What yarns, as he called them, he used to spin I — enough to stagger the faith of Ihe most credulous ; and ycl I really think the old fellow bad told them so often that he believed them him self.' 'Come, Mr. Douglas,' said Alice, ' can you not revive your recollec tions of the past, sufficiently lo favour us with a sample of his yarns, as you nail them ? We have a long evening before us, and you know we ladies are fond of novelty and excitement.' 'Well, Miss Alice, I will endeavour lo gratify your love of the novel end mariellous ; but, remember, the story I am about to tell, is Rodney's, nol mine. You talked of the superstition of sailors — I will repeat you one of his ghost slorics, as it is less improba ble than most of bis yarns ; and I ?know, for a fact, that there were numbers besides ltodney who firmly believed it.' ' Well, but Douglas,' said Sand ford, ' let us have it in true Rodney style — slang and all. — Don't he alarmed, ladies ; by slang 1 only mean the peculiar phraseology of men of the Rodney stamp.' ' Oh, do, Mr. Douglas I now. do I It will add so greatly to the effect of the story ; and I am sure you would not say anything lo shock our ears.' 11 Well, Miss Alice, I will do my best to please you ; but I must en deavour, in the first place, to give you some notion of Kodncy's appear- ance. Do you remember him dis tinctly Sandford ? I have his figure I before my mind's eye — long, thin, | and muscular; a kind of prototype of that pink of al I cockswainsand quar | termastersi ' Long Tom Coffin ;' his round, brightly blackcnnedbatflapped down upon his head, with an air of careless indifference ; his thin, iron | grey hair peeping out behind, as if it l was wondering were the queue was going to ; end bis face looking out in front, as rough and unmored as the { surface of a weather beaten cock. ' Well, Rodney,' said I to him, one first watch, when his spell at llie cunn was over, and be was taking what he called a fisherman's walk* on the lee side of the poop — ' Well, Rodney, you really do believe in fly ing Dutchmen, ghosts, and all that sort of nonsense ? ' Relieve I — Lord love your Ho nour, to be sure I do 1 Didn't I sa with a man once as had been in a ship where one of the lads had seen Ihe flying Ducbman Ihe voyage be fore, nnd swore to it too? Believe I Why, axing yer honour's pardon, and meaning no defence, there's none but fools and long-shore chaps what doesn't believe them.' ' Well, well ; but ghosts, Rodney — did you ever see a ghost?' ' Why, I can't say as how I ever sec one myself; but 1 knows them as has.' ' Ah I and what sort of a ghost was it ?' ' Why its a longish yarn, yer Ho nour; and ye're wanting to turn in. You can't keep your eyes open like an old sailor ; it's not naturable you should, seeing yon havn't had the same opportunity of laming. You Dodn't beliere, now, I suppose, Mr. Douglas, that I keep watch and watch with my peepers, and always goes to sleep with one eye open ? And, for the matter or that, when I'm walking the deck by myself, I Dflen takes off one of my shoes, to give 'em spell and spell about.' ' Why,' said I, ' I bare seen you keeping your shoes at watch and walcb; but the eves, Rodney — I can't swallow the eyes.' ' Love yer Honour, you hain't half a swally, then ; when you've beerd as many queer yarns us I've heerd, and seen as many deviltries aB I've seen, ye'll larn to swally any thing.' ' JJut come, Rodney, let's have the ghost. I don't mean to turn in till eight bells.' The old man leaned back upon the hen- coop on which I was silting, j crossed bis armB over the breast of his pea- jacket, and began : — i ' Well, yer Honour, Jack Rodney never was llie man to lay at bis an chors when the signal was made to get under weigh. I've been at sea, I yer Honour, man and boy, five-and- , thirty years come next quarter day ; and there's ne'er a blue jacket afloat I as can say Jack Rodney erer sailed , under false colours, or stretched a , yarn beyond its bearings. When j once old Jack gets his jawing tacks i aboard, bis yarn runs off clear and quick, like the line off a log- reel in a breeze. I bates them stuttering beg gars, axing yer Honour's pardon, as , boxes all the points of the compass, i ann never steers no strait coorse after all. Their words come creeping out is if Ihey were afeerd the masterat irm's was a-going to put them in limbo; but a steady helm and a strait coorse for old Kodney, says I.' i After the old man bad talked him- I self into a proper opinion of his merits, he began at once lo steer a strait course as he called it. ! \- Ye've never been in Chainey, yer ' Honour? Ah! yon long-togged gentry has a vast to see! Why you ' sits at borne half your lives, and never ' knows nothing. Why, now, I'll ' make bould to say yer Honour doesn't know how to make a sea- pie, or a Jisb of lobskous V ? Not I Rodney.' \- My eyes I muttered the old man Lo himself, ? to think of a man com- : ing to bis years, and not knowing liow to make lobscouse I Why, sir, | axing yer pardon, your edicalion must have been sadly neglected.' ' Oh, 1 shall improve under your tuition, Rodney; but now for the jbost.' ' Well, sirs, you sees when I was aboard the old Bruiscicater, East lnjeeman, wo wor lying at our moor- | ings in Wainpoa Keach — that's in j Chainey, yer Honour. There was a , large fleet of us, all lying for a cargo with nothing in the 'varsal world lo , do hut lo keep the ships clean, and - Lo play at race- horses with the boats, j A grand sight it was your Honour, i lo see so many fine largo craft lying al anchor, all clean painted, and look ing as gay as so muny women dressed out for a dance ashore, with their red and btriped ensigns all fluttering in the sunshine; and the lads all as neat and clean as shore- going gemmen. Why, Lord love you, this here craft would look like a cockle shell alongside o' them I 'Twas a sight lo do an old sailors heart good, lo see sich a show of merchantmen as no other country but Old England could produce. And then, for such an outlandish, out-o'-lbe-way place as Chainey, the country wasn't so ill looking neither. On each side there were the level green of paddy fields, with, here and there, a lillle hill, with a joss-bouse peeping out from the bamboos; the green hills of the Dane's Ish.nd further up, and its valleys rich with orange tiees, and patches of sugar canes. Further up still, was the village of Wampoa, all sticks and Blraws like, with a great thing like a lighthouse — what them neggurs calls a pegadour — standing as slid* as a marine at attention, on (he opposite side of the river. And then lo see the out-landisb mat sails — for the devil n boat could joh see belonging lo them — cutting across in all directions as if they wor taking a walk in the paddy fields! and the junks cocking up ahead and astern like nothing else in the world, with eyes painted on their bows, because the natural fools think they won't be able lo see without them ! Then, sir, there's Ihe men with tails like cows, and the women with feet like dolls, and the children in the boats lied to calabashes, lo prevent their drowning. Why, bless ye, sir, if ye couldn't swally what I told ye before, this 'II choke ye outright. Well, but to come lo my story agen. I hates all this here traverse sailing ; I must | lake a fiesb departure. The chief male of the Prince Royal, Mr. Pat i tison, was a riglar out-an-ouler, a man as was well k no wed in the fleet, and was a favoryte with high an' low, for be was a sailor every inch of him, and knowed right well bow to keep persons and things in their places. He was a taut hand loo; but none the worse for that, for your true sailor, sir, lore an officer as is a real officer, and gives every man bis due, good or bad, without favour or de fection— one knows what one has to trust to with such a man. lie was quile a pet with tbe crew, though he made them fly whenever be spoke to them; they were prond of old Char ley, as they called him, and of their ship— »nd high kelter* she was in. Well, sir, old Charley was taken ill ? then he got worse — then we heard be wasn't expected to live. There wasn't a man or officer in the fleet bat wor sorry for him ; for them as hadn't been shipmates with him knowed him by karacter. Of coorse, sir, when the chief mate was in tbe doctor's hands, and hove down to re pair, the second did duty for him. One day, when Charley was very ill, the second mate on deck, and see'd the carpenter a-standing is the sun without his bat on ;,so says he — ' Mr. Chips,' says lie, (the carpen ters aboard them ships were all war rant oflicers, and so always had han dle put to their names,) ' Mr. Chipi, why you are standing in the sun without your hat; you'll be getting a stroke of tbe sun?' ' O sir,' said tbe carpenter, with a face as long as the maintop- bowline, ' it's of little consequence ; my time's almost up ; I bav'nt much longer to live.' ' What do you mean V said the officer ; ' what foo.Us.li notion have you taken into yer head 2' ' Ob, sir, it's no foolish notion ; be (old me so, and I never knowed him deceive any one yetV ' Who told you so, Chips?' said the mate, kind and soothing like — for he was afeerd tbat tbe sun really bad got in at some little crack in his upper works ; ' mho told you so ?' ' Mr. Paltison himself told me so, sir, last night.' ' Mr. Patlison ? Why, Chips, ?' you're dreaming; he's regularly hove down, can't stir band or fool, poor fellow,' ' No matter, sir, he told me so ; and if it was'nl him, it was bis ghost.' ' But how was this, and when V ' Why, sir, us I was lying awake last night in my cot, I saw Mr. Pat tison come into my cabin port. Tbe cot shook under me, I trembled so with fear, for I knew how ill ho was ; but I thought that, while tbe fever was at its height, be might have got up and wandered lo my cabin without knowing what be was about; so I mustered courage to say to him, ' I am glad lo see you on your legs again sir.' He shook bis head mournfully, and said — ' I shall never rise from my bed again ; in two days' time my eyes will be closed in death, and in three more you will follow me.' He then disappeared, and left me with a weight upon my heart that will sink me lo the grave.' ' Oh, nonsense, Chips,' said the officer; 'don't let your mind dwell upon it. You must have been asleep il was nothing but a dream.' ' Dream or not, sir, 1 feel that I am a doomed man.' ' Two days after this confab, yer Honour, I saw the coloun of the Prince Royal slowly rise from tbe taflerel, as if they didn't like the duly they were on ; and then they hung mournfully half-way between deck and the gaff end : in three minutes, every ship in tho fleet had her colors hoisted half-mast, that well-known signal (hot some officer has struck bis flag lo death. Poor Charley was no more 1 A circule-ber was sent from the commodore, to order two boats from every ship in tbe fleet to attend the funeral — and a grand funerwul il was. It was a beautiful sight to see the prosseshin, yer Honour. There was tbe boat, with Ibe coffin in tbe starn-sheets, covered with a union jack ; aud the mourners silling on each side of it, lowed by one of the 'Prince's cutters; all her crew in mourning, with black crape round their arms, and pulling minute strokes. Then came the Prince's launch, towed by another boat, full of the ship's company, who had all asked leave to see the last of their officer. Poor fellows ! sincere mourners I believe they were. 1'bcn, sir, there was a long line of boats from each quarter of the long boat, all following in each other's wake, and stretching from one end of the reach lo the other. As soon as ihe boat with tbe coffin in it shoved off from the Prince, her bell began to loll slowly, and, as it passed the gangway of the next ship, ber bell look up the knell, and so on all up tbe fleet It was a beautiful sight, yer Honour, to sec the long line of boats, with their neat jacks fluttering half-mast from the staffs ; the men of each boat dressed alike ; some crews in 'blue jackets, others in white, but all with tbe crape round their arms : then the flags of all tbe fleet— En- glish, French, American, and Dutch waving, raournful-like, half-mast high; not a sound to be beard, yer Honour, but the dull sound of tbe minute strokes, and tbe fluttering of the co lours, and tbe long clear tones of the bells, as they died on;ay further and further up the fleet : — oh, sir, it was a sad and a beautiful sight! He was buried, where all the other English officers are buried, on French Island. Well, yer Honour, now comes ibe end of the business. Three days af terwards I was quartermaster of ibe deck, and was standing on the foksle, when I see'd three boats a passing, with their jacks half-mast, and a coffin in Ihe stnrn sheets o' the foremost on 'em ; so says 1 to Tom Ratlin, the captain of tbe foksle — ' Tom,' says I, what boats is them ? - The Prince's, says he ; 'I believe her carpenter is dead.' And sure enough it was tbe carpenter, sir; the ghost didn't tell him no lie ; his signal for sailing was made at the very lime be named. Now, sir, after that yarn, will you tell me there are no such things at whosts ? It was' my old shipmate Bill Buntline, that told me; and if all tales are true, that's no lie.' 'There was no answering 8Wh a truism ; so I thanked tbe old nan for his yarn, and giving him astbT ner,» when the watqh was over turned into my snug cot, little dream ing I would ever repeat the storv on tbe hanks of tbe Tay.' y on 'Thank ye Mr, Douglas, fcr your yarn, said Alice; I real, think you would make as good a ?spinner of yarns.' a. you call it, ag old Rodney bimael.' ' What became of old Rodney, did you ever hear V said 8andford n' a r^8 W8S l0st fr0D1 tu» Dundas Indiaman, poor fellow I some years ago, I used often to be talking of him on board the Dolphin and Captain Driver told me that he' ;new (he man, and that be had heard bis fale. He went out to put addi tional lashings on the sheet anchor in a heavy gale of wind, a sea g truck the bow, and tore him away while clasping Ihe ancborin his arms. He. as swept twenty yards from the ship poor fellow I at once, and all hopes of saving him were at an end. He was an excellent swimmer, and was seen to take off bis pea-jacket with tbe greatest coolneis, and, whenever lie tobb to the lop of a sea, be was seen waving his bat for assistance ; at last he was seen on the crest of a sea, but, when it rose again, Rodney was gone — ' ' Where many a true heart has gone before him 1' said Sandford, as the ladies were rising to bid us good night. ' How happy ought you and I to be, Douglas, enjoying all the comforts of a cheerful home, while so many brave fellows are exposed to all ibe storms and dangers of tbe deep I' I was happy : I had felt like a new man ever since my visit to Perthshire — a gleam of sunshine had brightened the dark and gloomy path of my life. 1 was no longer an isolated being-I had met with congenial hearts—I contrasted with gratitude Ihe present with tbe past, and looked forward with hope lo a calm and bappy future. I have before spoken of my first im pressions of Alice Sandford : I soon learned lo look upon her with feelings of warmer interest than I had thought [ would ever experience again to wards mortal being. I will not waste more words in endeavouring to de scribe the beauty of a face which, lovely as it was, owed its principal charm lo its sweet and amiable expres sion. That her countenance was a true index to her heart, I have had well - tried experience ; for Alice Sandford has been tbe wife of my bo som for ninny years, and never, in j'i \ or in sorrow, has she given me« IR0' ment'scauEc lo repeat of my choice. My friend, Sandford, (Grant, I should call him.) jnrsimJ'xt me to fig my quarters in a handsome villa on his properly; and I have ever since bad reason lo be thankful lo Providence for the happiness I have enjoyed, and for the blessed chance that led to my meeting with my friend in the barn fit St. Hoswell's. * A strong gluts of grog. A gentleman expressed his surprise that a celebrated political character who had avowed frequent changes of I sentiments, should be so much ad- I mired, as he had no principle. Mr. I Hall, replied, ' Why, Sir, probably I tbat is the very reason be is so much admired ; he is a conscientious rogue, that is, be makes a conscience of being a rogue ; that is, ho is a rogue upon principle, for he makes it a principle to have no principle. : A sailor coming to see another on pay day, desired to borrow twenty I shillings of him. Tbc monied man fell to telling out the sum in shillings) but a half-a-crown thrusting bis head in, put him out, and be began to tell again ; but then an imperlincnlcrown piece was as officious as his half brother liad been, and again interrupted the tell ; so tbat, taking up a handful of silver, he said, here, Jack, give me e handful, when your ship's paid ; what signifies counting. I Some persons debating whether Sir I ? , the physician, bad been knighted I as mayor of a country town, or for 1 his medical attainments, one gentle man supported the latter view, and being asked on what grounds, replied. ' because it was a case of nightmare' (Knight-mayor). Ho is worthy of honour, who wish eth the good of every man ; aDd be is much unworthy thereof, who seek elh bis own profit, and oppresses others. Singular Epitaph.— In a church at Amsterdam there is a very ancient funeral monument of white marble, on wbich we engraved a pair of slippers ot a very «in«u!al! kind, wilh this inscription, ' Effen Ay';' 1 which means exactly: and ihe sioryof »-18 I singularity is this :— A man who waB very I rich, but who was a ion vivant, tuok mm I his head that he wa« lo live a certain num btr of years and no longer. Under t«i impression of tbis iden, he calculated tnar, if he spent to much b year, bis estate ana his life would expire together; it acci dently happened that be was not miBtaken in either of his calculations; be died pre cisely at that time which he bad presentea to himself in fancy, and had then broug'1 his fortune lo such a predicament »«. after tbe paying of his debts, he had nothing left but a pair of slippers: his rel«iwn« buried him in a creditable manner, »?-» had the dipper eaivedon bis tomli.'1' the above laconic device. __ LAUNCESTONr-Printed add PuUiirf J* Wiu.un LusHmomi! Goodwin, m ?* prietor, of and M the CouiwaU. c'f°JJ*r^ »kd CouMERCHl, »««««'*'?'*,?«, RsaiaxBR Office, corner of CharlB ? Cameron StracU, every wednwuy ? Sturday evening. ? 