To the Editor 0/ the Hobart Town Courier Sib,— The Duke of Wellington called county meetings in England ' a farce.' If such a designation was rather over charged in reject to such demonstrations in the Mother- country, it is at all events most applicable to our public meetings in Van Diemen'8 Land. Tlie late one was no ' exception ; it even went beyond ihe fa rce, by ending in a deliberate hoax After the lonjr report was read, the labour of some former preliminary committee that had possibly no existence in reality, a number of names were arbitrarily put down for ihe embodiment of the central representative meeting. Many were never asked to join in the thing; others again, whose names were borrowed for the occasion, did not and never do intend to take the least part in the proceedings. There has never been a meeting since of ' the Central,' and perhaps never will ; and as to ' the Dia tricts,' tbe idea of establishing regular meetings is the most ludicrous of all. 1 he ?ecreury will be left alone in his glory. This he has possibly felt, or more properly those who pull ihe airings behind ihe show; and so to give to these air) nothings something like a habitation and a name, it lias been found essential to create an existence for tbem in s newspaper; for , though, according to an old adage, ' big words butler no parsnips,' the propriety \ of which seems also to have struck the j secretary, for tbe report contains continual ! allusions to the necessity of having 'a | paid secretary, with offices, c}-c .,' yet can j ihow who are willing to purvey parsnips ' hmve their words and sentiments made as big u you please in the columns of a , ntw§p»ptr. I was much amused st a specimen of tbia kind lately practised in I the 'User, where the secretary no doubt ! „ ? -_ .._,.«._... » ? ,,t ,,r ins own I proceeding!! at a meeting of about half a- \ doitn persons at Bagdad, to congratulate ' Hit Excellency on his arriviil in ihe colony, 1 when two rival addresses were proposed ' for adoption. After much preliminary ! matter, his report went on to say that there J ensued ' loud tries of divide, divide.' 'A ' division then look place, when there ap peared a large majority in favour' — of some foolery or other. So it will be with the meetings. The public care not one straw about them. The circle of their assumed influence will gradually dwindle away to nothing, even should they be for a time magnified by types into gross caricatures of truth. In the meantime. » ntlemen, it is neccuarv before all things that the secretary thould be paid. This is no bad moral in these times. He understands the avid, and sometime! the qvoi pro gun. The news paper will keep the pot boiling at all events, and those who are behind it calculate upon iu serving tbem at a pinch. ?? Fleclere si nequeo superos Acberonta snovebu' will be its motto. If it fail to move Sir Eardiey, it will serve any nefarious private purpose j but people have grown too wise to be deluded any longer with that species of self-dubbed patriotism, which Dr. John ion has not untruly called tbe lsst refuge of knives. ' The depression of the times' tils wrought this good »t ltast, that it has taught people to view things in a proper light, and with llieir own eyes, untinged by local or individual prejudice or political cant, loo often raised up like dud in their faces to cloak flagitious and wicked ends, just as, to use the metaphor of the Greek comedian, in reference 10 the arch agiiators ol Athens, ' the eel catchers stirred up the mud in order tbc better to secure their prey ' 1 come now to the report of tbe meeting. It is cerluinly a very wordy document, divided and subdived into various allot ments too numerous to mention, ns the auctioneers have il. Tbc wliolu subject it embraces, and all the information it con tains, might have heen comprised within a column. We all know well enouuh that distress exists in this community; we also know that, in ninety, nine cases out of a hundred, we can trace tlidt distress to our own imprudence or extravagance. We have speculated beyond our leuitim; le means; we bare borrowed money to do this ; and, events turning out contrary to our expectations, we endeavour to find ex cuses fur our own faults, or want of can- 1 tion, in extraneous circumstances. The \ remedy for all this is in ourselves, and not in public meetings. We must every man endeavour rigidly to confine his expendi ture within hit means; or if his debts exceed all hopes of recovery, (there is no use in blinking the question,) he must take the benefit of the IWulveut Act, in stead of prolonging a struggle in which he will most probably lose at last both him self and friends. The question will then aiiise — What is he lo do afterwards i My answer is, there is no want of considera tion in this community for distress ; and those who are abused tbe must, aB blood suckers, usurers, and the like, by some of the unprincipled ' petty tyrants of the field,' who oppress every poor man within their reach, are in the end the most liberal men to deal with in the colony. The mort gagees must become the owners of tbe land, and rent il at such a rate as is com menturaie with ibe depression of the times. I shall possibly be asked, Why does he not reduce his interest 10 that rate ? It is because, if he reduced hi' interest to-morrow, a further reduction would be required the next day; and, pet haps, a fresh supply would be demanded of the usurer in a short time afterwards ; besides which, what reduction of interest can save a man whose properly is not only mortgaged to its full value, but whose name is steeped in bills in every bank in Hobart Town? This is the case with a great many who cry out against the exor ititant rate of interest, but who, in reality, have never paid any interest at all of them selves, or out of the fruits of their own industrial pursuits, but out of accommoda tion bills, which the banks have discounted. Tbe banks have paid their interest. It would be invidious to particularise in stances ; hut I may sry, without fear of contradiction, that £60,000 or £70,000, in , bills, have been under discount by parties who had not £5,000 of real property in the world. Could this system continue, or I ought it to be allowed to continue ? No : it must be rooted out from amongst us, and then money — if, indeed, what iu amongst us suffer not wofully in tbe cru cible—will come down to its fair value and level, and be attainable by tbe man of industry and the man of probity at the I rate of 5 or 6 per cent. /( was the demand created for money by speculative individuals, and the facility with which il was met by the great influx of English capital that made money dear to the hard-working and honest man : so that those who cry out loudest against the high rate of interest have been mainly instrumental in raising it to its pre- sent standard. Ihe mortgagee, when he becomes the landlord, has some certain guarantee for his rent. He may let the farm to whom he please9, and 1 think it ii hard if he prove not a better landlord than some of ibe models of that class which have been lately held up to public execration. There are a number of English mortgagees wbo must of necessity take the land, and their agents will then be empowered to let at such rate as is fairly commensurate with the times. Nor will the change be much to be regretted if it should brinn out to this colony, to settle here, the friends and con nexions of those parties who may import with them from the Mother-country some principles of common honesty, which are nearly exploded in this colony, or, where they are not altogether extinct, are smothered underneath selfish feeling', or individual dislikes, or pusillanimous deser tion of the duties which man not only owes to his fellow- man but to his Creator. Such smooth-faced indifference saps the founda tion of public honesty more than the open attack of the unprincipled foe. Already there have returned lo our shores several absentees, men of integrity and character; but there is not one who does not lament that his circumstances do not permit him from leaving atland where there reigns bo complete an anarchy and dissolution of all those bonds by which society is ltept together. But this is not their duty; they must exert themselves individually in their sphere ; they must not shrink from repro bating ihe flagrant examples of dishonesty daily cast up like so much noisome scum upon the surface of tociety; they must discountenance, they must destroy them, despite all pitiful pleas. I have thus glanced at the existing state of things in this colony.' To patch it up and repair it, to keep the game alive for n tjm* fur a fVnr ripcnprflfp. rru*n it i« prapnaad that we should have a representative meet ing in Hobart Town to dictate to thi Governor what he is to do upon all occa sions ; to assume the reigne of Government, in fact, and direct the helm of state. 'Your committee' recommend the culti vation of hops and hemp by the probation parties. The last, indeed, might be useful ; but surely tbe colonists want no greater premium upon the growth of hops than tbe fact that we are already obliged 10 im port them, and that whatever has been grown here has been very fine, and has realised a very handsome price. But sup posing the prisoners were employed at this occupation, and that it was successful; presto I the cry would change, and imme diately there would be an uproar amongst ' the Central,' that the Government were entering into competition with the settler*, and depriving them of their legitimate markets, some such as is now raised upon the growth of wheat by the probation par ties. At one time, we hear that the farm ing operations of the probation parties are ludicrous, and that the idea of ' a quill, driver' directing them is absurd. Surely not more than th» comments of s ginspin ner thereon. But if these operations are so absurd, where is the reason to complain of the competition with the settler with tbe same breath ? ' Your committee' recommend « prohi bition of brewing from sugar, Why no 1 maximum prie upon barley and wbeat at t once ) Whotta the use of doing things, 1 by halves! $hy not a tax upon English I beer! The njrket price of tatley in Eng- ' land is ihoa four shillings, with rates ' find taxes, I11 ' your committee' must ' have seven oright, otherwise the remedy ' is of no use. But how are you to keep out English beer r English malt t 1'nx them 1 ' too? To suport tbe ei-heine at all you ' must show mithat barley is a certain and . ; an abundant rop in this colony, and that it is extremel; cheap. The reverse is the fact. Those 'ho have got barley now will noUell il undf six shillings. Make tiatWy cheap and alindant ond you will banish sugar. OihewiBe your specifics will only end in creatini additional disappointments, and deprivini the colony of the profit accruing fron the brewing trade from sugar by intpducing English beer and English mall.ind whethei our money goes to the Isle of France or lo England is of no consequenc. ' Your comnittee' recommend dispens ing with forcioi imports. So far so good ; but surely litre in no need of a ghost to come from tht tomb, like ' tbe Cenlrnl,' to tell people liat they ought to be econo mical. Such aecommendation necessarily presupposes pndigality ; yet would ' your committee' fin at such a Bupputmion I Believo Die, Sir, that frugality and in rlncl.-}- 01 H the t\VU C«rJmn) ,,«..«; &,r tl,« saving of individuals and the colony ; and if ihe members ol 'ibe Central' would mind their own affurs, and not trouble themselves with other people's, they might apply the lime thr. 6 watted 10 sutne useful purpose. ' Tbc Central,' however, is in reality the Secretary and tne or two other busy- bodies. People went to the meeting as they would go to a show, for a piece of fun ; but as to the respectable portion of the community, they take no interest what ever in it, hut laugh at it, and ltugh at the speech-makers, well knowing the hands at work. The age of chivalry is, however, fast fading awuy. The hanks, those mon BterB of popular prejudice, do really expect bills to be paid. How unreasonable ! Do, Sir Eardiey, bring in a bill for ibe abolition of all pecuniary engagements. You may depend upon its being popular, and having strong advocates in the Legislative Council itself. I bhall return to this subject: in the meantime I subjoin an extract from Sam Slick ; ihe 'blue. notes' of 'the Central' may profit by it :— ' It beats codi-liulilin, I idl you. to hear the blue-nores, wh»n the; get togeiher, talk politics. They have pot three or four evil ►piiiti, like tbe Iri.Ii banihcet, that they may cause all the miwliitf in the Province— the Council, the Banks, the House of Auembly, and tlie Lawyers. If a man places a higher valiaiion on himself than bis neighbour* do, and wants to lie a magistrate before he it lit to carrv ihe inkliorn for one, and find* hinitelf safely delivered of a n.inakt, he says its all owin' to the Council. The member* are cunnin' critters, loo: they know this (telin'; and '?ken ilef come home from Assembly, and people ai 'em ' Where are all them are line things you promised us ?' ? Why,1 they say, ? we'd a bad 'em all for you, but for that eter nal Council; they nullified all we did.1 The country will come to no good till them chaps show their respect for it, by coverin* their bottoms with bom«|iun. If a man i« m- tarna. lion la-v he won't work, and in couise has no money, « hr he says iu all „„;„? ,„ tne fc,^, . 1 he, won't discount-thrre1. no money-tker've ruined the Province. If there bran'l a road made up to every citizen's door, atvav back to there), wh) he says the Houw of AsEcmbly has voti-d all the money to pay great men's sala ries; and tliere'a notliin' left for poor settlers uild croft-roads. Well, the lawyers come in for their slure of cake and ale, too ; if they don't catch it, iu a pity.' Your obedient servant, Civis. 