THE TIDIEST WOMAN IN THE WORLD. CFrom Aiiiswurth's Mayazine ) •In tbe whole extent ofthe New Kent Road and this, taking it from iu extreme points, tbe " Elephant," and " Bricklayers' Arms." is not a short line of ground, there dwelt not a more notable woman than Mrs Batter. Yes, notable is the word, no other term can cescribe the ever bustling, busy, managing Mrs B.f whose passion for cleaning and cleanliness was such, that no peace could be known where she abiiled. To be clean was. not sufficient for this pood lady; there was no happiness at all in that passive state, to be cleaning was the joy—this was her end and aim—the thing /or which she was created—the only pleasure she could feel or understand. All her thoughts and ideas were centred here, and let the subject of conversation be what it might, il Mrs Baxter had any share in it, to this all engrossing passion would she contrive to turn it. Did the sun shine brightly, or the soft zephyrs come wooing in at her window, not for a moment did she bless the bright beams which shed such radiance around, or the inspiring breeze that brought fresh health to her cheek, she only remarked that the day was favourable for washing or scrubbing, and forthwith her pastime commenced. In short, no Dutch frau could carry her purifying propensities to a more absurd height; and as between the sublime and the ridiculous there is but a step, so is it between cleanliness and its opposite. I have often observed that your outrageously clean subjects are not ashamed to be very dirty themselves to avoid making dirt. You might have known Mrs Baxter's house from a hundred of the same size and style a mile off, such was its resplendent cleanliness, such the snowy whiteness of its steps, and the dazzling brightness of the large brass plate that proclaimed No. — to be her residence. How often have I wished in ascending those steps, that some other boot than mine had been destined to sully their virgin purity—a crime little short of sacrilege in Mrs Baxter's eyes, who, if able to keep a guard over her tongue on such occasions, could convey a bitter reproof for one's sin by despatching her luckless maid of all work tn remove the obnoxious stain. Mrs. B.'s house contained three or four sitting rooms, yet the kitchen, to the great annoyance of her poor hard worked maid, was the place in which she choose to take her meals. Her dining room was large and well furnished t but on entering it you would exclaim, 'can this be an inhabited house ?' for not one sign of habitation was there, Curtains there were to the windows, certainly, hut not put there to be drawn : for the coldest day i.T the depths of a Russian winter could never tempt Mrs. Baxter to see them so treated. There was a coinfortable carpet, too; but, rash visito:, bewave! touch not its sacred hem, for the last idea ever entertained by Mrs. B., when she laid it down, wis tile idea of anybody walking over it. Bo you not see that India matting laid round and across the room, which, snd which only is to be profaned? There was a fine large easy chair, made in the last style ofluxuiy and elegance, which she exultingly told every one cost fourteen guineas; but I wish you could see the black looks she would have bestowed upon any one (sposo not excepted) who had dared tu remove it from the corner the had destined to be its abiding place. In short, Mrs. B.'s goods, like the crown jewels, were to be looked at with awe and admiration, but not lo be touched ; and thus her poor victim of a husband, more miserable than the traveller in an Arabian desert, who if he does not see the element he languishes for. at least is not tantalized, pines in the midst of plenty for the common comforts of life, knowing no rest in his well furnishod house, but iti lhat blessed oblivion—sleep. Came he home hungry or thirsty, there was nothing in his larder, Mrs. Baxter being much too clean to cook or allow cooking, and some excuse could always be found against drawing the strong.ale or opening a bottle of wine. Was lie weary, not for worlds dared he-seek repose in the inviting arm chair, or stretch his limbs on thesofa, for he would sully this, and tumble that, and disarrange everything; and a lecture from Mrs. B. about her household gods, (forsiich they were to her) was a thing in every way to be I dreaded. I Mr, B. was as good a creature *s ever lived—kind and honest, with a heart open as day to melting charily; and though in j his rnaniagewith Mrs, B.i love perhaps bore | no prominent pari, yet the good feelings ot j his nature prompted him to act the part of | husband, if not with print, nt least with great propriety. The want of beauty in a wife may be forgotten, because habit so reconciles us lo her personal defects, that one ceases to know they exist; learning may be dispensed with, for what man likes a blue of a wife ? you may even love a vixen for her heart may make amends for her temper; but who of all the sons of Eve can bear the bonds of matrimony with a cleaner? —a woman who makes her husband t;'.ke off his slippers at the bottom of the siairs, and put him to bed in a ronm just scrubbed, the wet hoards only to walk on—hercarpets, of which she possesses a store, bei.ig folded up carefully for high days and holidays. Such was Mrs. Baxter, and f am" sorry to say, poor Mr. B., like the saint, who trying, impiously, to fast forty days, died on the thirty ninth, did give up the ghost at tbe end of bis sixth year's apprenticeship to matrimony; (had he served out the seventh, I have no doubt he would have become hardened to everything. A few streets off lived avery pretty widow, who was Mrs. Baxter's aversion on accoun; of her untidiness. To try her by Mrs. B.'s standard, indeed she was a dirty woman; for the purifications of her house were performed so quietly, that you might have imagined the hand of a fairy had been con • cerned in it. The sound of scrubbing, or thr: smell of suds, was never known in Mrs. Mason's house; and whenever Mr. Baxter had occasion to go there, which as trustee for her children he was obliged to do frequently, there was focli snngness, and real comlortin her little dwelling; such comlort in the soft carpet, lhat he might press even in a dirty boot with impunity ; such rest in the large arm chair, not too fine for use, which was always wheeled to the fire lor him; such true hospitality at her well ordered table, and above all, such a charm in her own smiling and quiet deportment, that a comparison bfctitieen the'two ladies was the natoral consequence, which comparison was not to the advantage of poor bustling Mrs. B. I must do her spouse, howeverthe justice to say, that for a long time he wrestled with the feelings that bad Imperceptibly stolen into his heart; for a long and weary t'« e did he plod from the city to hisdinner of scraps, the Sunday's joint being always manufac^ tured by his managing wife, who knew not Vart de cusitie in any but its moBt barbarous English forms, into compounds that defied alike his recognition and digestion, and nightly did he listen to the oft-toid tale of servants' slovenliness and impertinence, till having tried every means to alter tbe character of his partner, and turn her thoughts to better things, in vain—be one evening betook himself to tbe comfortable abode of Mrs. Mason, and I am sorry to say never returned to bis own tidy home. The world—that is, the Kent road from top to bottom, including the Paragon (foe Mrs, B, being well to do, was extensively known)—of course set this step down as a moral outrage, an abominable liason, and a preconcerted plan between the truant husband and the quiet widow ; but those who are in the secret of that truly respectable pair know better, and believe with justice that they are innocent of every relationship save that of housekeeper and lodger. Alas! had Mrs. Baxter paid more attention to her husband than her house—had she sought by quiet endearments, and a careful anticipation of his wants and comforts, to make hire feel in the secret retirement of home, that repose the jaded wind so much requires after it6 days struggle with the world, where pangs ai>d trials are felt that the kind husband in mercy conceals from WB wife—had she done this, instead of destroying the peace of her partner by vexatious details of domestic grievances, annoying restrictions, and useless repinings—good Mr. Baxter, I can answer for him, would'have been loyal to his life's end. Was Mrs. B. made miserable by her loss? On the contrary. Her mind was possessed by two passions- -deanlines and economy; and it had room for no more. Jealousy, the vulture that gnaws the heart, was unknown to her; her only wonder was that Mr. B. could ever he comfortable in such a dirty house as Mrs. Mason's,' and as her wants were amply provided lor, I don't think she at all disliked the change. Her rage for cleanliness does not diminish as she advances in life. It was only yesterday I passed the house, and the brightness ot the windows, and prim neatness of the little garden, where even the daisies and daffodils must be careful to grow in an oiderly way, and not indulge in the wantonness of straggling over the pipe clayed path, convinccd me that the '• tidiest woman in the world" still lived there. 