THE COURIER. $t(-(iiue et prospere. HOBART TOWN.SATURDAY,SEPTEMBER 14. THE following is the substance of a memo- rial to the Lieutenant-Governor in Council, which has been going the rounds for signature in the central districts of the colony. That the memorialists, impressed with a senso of the deep injury done to the interests of the colony by the Act of Council touching insolvencies, of which the operation appears to be more adapted to the escape of the fraudu- lent than the protection of the honest debtor, beg that His Excellency will be pleased to lay the said Act before his Council for the purpose of its annulment or improvement in such manner as to his wisdom may seem proper. In a colony where, as a witty ex-Attorney General once said, the inhabitants will sign anything but a bill of exchange, we are not surprised to hear that the foregoing petition has obtained a liberal amount of signatures, for, in truth, it is a very harmless document ; its worst feature consisting in ita not grappling in any specific form with the evil it holds up as a blot in our code of legislation and morals, and a crying occasion for the interference of the Council. It neither sets forth the errors, whether of omission or commission, which have rendered our insolvent law the sheet anchor of rojjuish defaulters, or points out the mode by which the subscribers would remedy existing defects. The reason, as we apprehend, of the petitioning parties dealing with the subject so much as an open question, is, that so few of them have waded through our Insolvent Law to enable them to judge of the powers and spirit with which it is really endued. A cursory perusal of the Act would have satisfied the subscribers, who comprise, as we are informed, some of the leading names, both in point of property and intelligence, of the country inhabitants, that the errors they had in view when appealing to His Excellency were attributable not to the actual law, of which complaint is made, but to the want of closer enforcement of its provisions. An evil most undoubtedly exists (very nearly to the extent depicted by the memorialists) in our mode of distributing (for such is the legal term) insolvent estates-the distribution for tlte most part lying in a narrow compass between a few of the insolvent's particular friends, one or two of the most rapacious creditors, a private purse (in the proportion of Benjamin's mess) for the insolvent himself, a sufficient surplus for the law proceedings of the commission, and a mere ghost of a dividend, if any, for the unfortunate creditors. Still our Act possesses powers to the extent of impri- sonment, and even transportation, to visit undue preferences, the secretion of the property of the insolvent estate, or the attempted substan- tiation of fraudulent schedules, and it only requires these powers to he better exerted to disarm our petitioners of their complaint. Not only the insolvent commissioner, tho solicitor to the commission, and every cre- ditor, but even every disinterested person whatsoever possessed of information on the subject, under a sense of duty and regard for the general interests involved in the main- tenance of truth and fair dealing, should feel beholden in all instances to compel a complete and beneficial surrender of the bankrupt estate, and its fair and equal partition among the creditors. A practice of this nature, which, from its being everybody's business, has come to be regarded as nobody's business, would speedily tell in favour of the general mass of creditors of insolvents' estates, and take away from our Act of Council the reproach which [while there is much to complain of] really does not lie at its door. The total abrogation of an insolvent law, at which the petition we have quoted in some shape hints, would proclaim us to the world as less honest than other communities wiicre English laws and usages prevail ; it would extend the evil now complained of with respect to undue preference, by introducing a pure first-come lirst- served system of division, and take away all protection from the honest debtor [and many such exist] who, being unable to prevent the most rapacious of his creditors from seizing his possessions, and having nothing wherewith to satisfy the more tardy hut not less implacable one, would be liable for this cause to spend his life in a gaol, to the sacrifice of any renewed exertion either for his family's or his creditors' benefit. Such a condition of things, we conceive, would place us behind the humanity and intel- ligence of the age in which we live. A HEADER of the Courier, who has approved of the sentiments which wo nave repeatedly expressed on the atrocious and absurd system of duelling, has sent to us a little pamphlet " on the Suppression of Duelling," which pur- ports to have been issued by an association recently established in London. This associa- tion has in view the suppression of duelling ; its committee includes the names of the Duke of Manchester ; the Earl of Eldon ; Lord Visct. Lifford ; Lord Robert Grosvenor, M.P. ; Lord Henry Cholmondeley; Lord Teignmouth ; Lord Ashley, M.P. ; Capt. Hon. William Cowper, M.P.; Sir Uobt. Harry Inglis, Bart., M.P. ; John Tollemache. Esq., M.P.; John P. Plumptre, Esq.. M.P. ; Walbanke Childers, Esq., M.P.; Capt. Hon. Wm. Waldegrave, K.M., C.B.; Capt. Hon. Francis Maude, R.N.; Hon. Arthur Kinnaird ; General Orde ; Lieut. Gen. Sir Peregrine Maitland, K.C.B ; Rear Admiral Hawker ; Rear- Admiral Minigin ; Major-General Latter; Major-General Mac- hines; Capt. Fred. Vernon Harcourt, R.N. ; Capt. Bazalgette, H.N. ; Capt. Roberts, U.N.; and other distinguished individuals. The Association held a meeting in , the British Coffee House, Cockspur-street, on the 4th August, 1843, pursuant to an advertise- ment which appeared in the London papers, for the purpose of considering the propriety of presenting a memorial to the Queen in further- ance of the general object of the association, when Viscount Lifford presided, and the fol- lowing memorial, proposed by Capt. Hope, It.N., CB.-the same who signalised himself by taking one of the large American frigates in the last war with the United States - was adopted : "TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY. 'We, your Majesty's most loyal and devoted subjects, members of an Association formed on the 12th Febru- ary, 1842, for the discouragement of duelling, having witnessed with feelings of the deepest regret that the crime of duelling is still sanctioned by custom, though alike condemned by reason, by religion, and the laws of the land, beg leave most respectfully to approach your Majesty, in the humble yet earnest hope that this unchristian practice, which your .Majesty's goodness cannot fail to deplore, may be visited with the marked expression of your Majesty's displeasure. "It is needless for us to dwell on the evils and in- conveniences which must ensue if individuals should be allowed to lay down a law for themselves, and to right their own wrongs. And it is quite as needless to point out to your Majesty what injury is done to reuson and justice, to charity and religion, as long as the world is induced to believe that the acceptance of a challenge is a mark of honour, while the refusal lo en- gage in an unhallowed quarrel is deemed ignominious, or an act of cowardice. " Repugnant, however, as such notions must be lo all laws, human and divine, we cannot but observe that they are still defended, and even approved of, by the usages of society, as if it could be honourable to do what is unlawful ; as if it were reasonable to adjust the differences between man and man, by making it an even chance whether the innocent or guilty should suffer ; or as if it Mere manly (independently of higher motives) for any one to peril for a blow, or perhaps for a word, the eternal salvation ot his adversary, as well as his own. ' "Weare constrained to believe, and confess It with shame, that nothing will so far tend to restrain an evil, hitherto unchecked by the (ear of GOD and the ordi- nances of man, as the voice of public opinion, led by example, and influenced by authority, to assume a bet- ter and more exalted tone. And to this end we implore your Majesty to make known your royal will, by denouncing a custom which is barbarous in its origin, unjust in its principles, sinful in its nature, and disastrous in its consequences. "If such an intimation were to emanate from your Majesty, to whom we all look up as the fountain of honour and the providentially constituted guardian of public morals, we confidently believe that, as men of honour and members of a Christian community, your Majesty's subjects would rejoice in obeying it. " We would submit to your Majesty whether there ever was a time when such nn expression on the part of jour Majesty would meet with more general concur- rence. The character of the Army and Navy for per souul courage, never stood higher than it does at the present moment; and as it was nowise derived from duelling, it is not dependent on duelling for its con- tinuance. If the high- minded members of those gallant professions were enjoined by your Majesty to refrain from sanctioning mi oil custom, which good men hate und wise men despise, we are convinced that others would emulate an example so nobly set, and the crime of duelling would be a thing unknown, except in history ; the laws of the land would be upheld and obeyed; the precepts of religion would be observed and reverenced ; ami fiom that time forward, in the estimation of the world as well ns in reality, there would be much more honour in forgiving an injury than there has been hitherto in avenging an insult. " We therefore most humbly pray that your Majesty will be graciously pleased to take this our Memo- rial iuto your Majesty's royal consideration." The gentleman who has been kind enough to forward to us the pamphlet, informs us in a note that the above memorial was the means of bringing out the new orders in the army and navy relative to duelling. The paper on the suppression of duelling is rather too long to be inserted entire in our columns, but we cannot refuse a place to the following convincing arguments contained in it : " Opposed as the custom of duelling manifestly is to the general spirit of the Christian religion, as well as the express commands of its Divine Founder-lo all laws, civil and military,-as well as to the dictates of common sense,-while it is denounced alike by divines, by judges, and by moralists, its advocates have been compelled to take up the self condemnatory notion that it is a necessary eoil, a plea as untenable as every other brought forward in its excuse. That it does not owe its origin to civilization or the refinements of social intercourse is obvious from its being unknown among the most polished nations of antiquity, and from the rudeness of the period which gave it birth among the modern nations of Europe ; and whilst the single combat of the middle ages was looked upon, however unwarrantably, as a solemn appeal to the judgment of God, and a means by which " He would show the right," the modern duellist would be the last to claim for his favourite system, a sanction from the assumed presence and superintendence of the Divine Being over the issue of the contest. " As a test of truth, or as a protection to character, the duel wants the essential adap- tation of a means to the end ; for it proves nothing more than that each individual of the parties at variance has sufficient physical couran;« to face his adversary in the field, but not sufficient moral fortitude to risk the con sequences of refusing to meet him ; an ordeal from which the guilty and innocent come out undistinguished from each other. It leaves facts and characters where it found them ; and, therefore, the more grave and momentous tlie question involved, the greater the absurdity of submitting it to so undecisive an ordeal. " Regarded as a penal code, the inconsistency of duelling, as a system, is manifested by its awarding the same punishment to the greatest and the least offence: and, as a measure for the redress of wrongs, it is rendered utterly indefensible by its placing the offender on an equal footing-life against life-with the injured party. It professes, indeed, to offer satisfaction for an injury ; but to the man who dares to refuse the proffered boon it transfers the stigma in aggravation of his wrong, while it leaves the author of the offence to pursue with accumulated responsibility his sanctioned course of evil, and to enjoy with unrestricted licence the rights of social intercourse. Of the value of that satisfaction, when consummated by the death of the offender, let him give an estimate by whose hand a brother's blood has been shed,-a soul sent unprepared, and in the contemplation of double murder, to meet its Eternal Judge ! Or, if the fatal shot has found its way to the heart of him who has adopted this fearful method of wiping away a stain on his own or another's honour, let the bereaved widow, daughter, or sister proclaim the merits of that system which, as if in mockery of her complaint, has exacted the life of her best earthly friend and benefactor under the absurd pretence of doing justice to her character. " The following statement, recently copied from a New York paper, will give a faint, and but a faint idea, of the consequence to the individual himself who falls in the conflict, while it serves to exhibit the tyrannous domi- nion the system exercises even over the enlightened mind and judgment : "Midshipman Culp, an interesting young man and promising officer, in the Texan navy, was shot in a duel at New Orleans a few days since. His death and the circumstances attending it seem to have produced a great sensation in that city. The following paper was found upon his person after the duel had taken place": - " Thoughts before fighting a duel.-Can any one sit " down and coolly and calmly think on death without : " a thrill vibrating every nerve ? To think that only a I " few, very few moments may elapse before his " immortal soul will be winging its flight to worlds " unknown, and knows not whether it will take its " place amidst a bright throng of angels, or drag its " weary way to the dark and ilery abyss prepared for " such as 1 1 My God 1 such thoughts are enough to " rack the soul, and make the stoutest nerves quail, to " bring the haughty and proud to their knees, and in " humble penitence and supplication ask for forgive " ness of the God who made them 1 I am morally and " religiously opposed to duelling 1 It does not prove " that one is a gentleman or a brave man ; neither does " it give satisfaction for au insult; lor, to receive an " insult and a ball also is very poor satisfaction to a " man of feeling and of honour. Almost any man can " raise physical courage enough to fight a duel, but " few, alas I too few, are possessed of moral courage " sulficieut to stem the tide of public scorn, and walk erect through the myriads of hisses spit out by those who are too low in the scale of virtue and morality to respect it in any shape. I trust and pray that the public will not condemn the course that I have pursued. There are situations, times, and occasions, when men must act with boldness and firmness to command respect from those with whom they are thrown. Into such an one I am thrown, and I sincerely trust that God will forgive me for the course that I have pursued. (Signed) FIELDING R. CULP." "The annals of our own country unhappily furnish us with a similar instance of the constraining influence of. the hateful system. The following is an extract from the will of Colonel Thomas, of the Guards, made the night before ho fell in a duel, September 3, 1783 : " In the first place, 1 commit my soul to Almighty " Gon, in hopes of His mercy and pardon for the " irreligious step I now (in compliance with the " unwarrantable customs of this wicked world) put j " myself under the necessity ot taking." .. And a letter is now before us, written by I an individual on his return from an ' affair of honour,' which happily terminated without [ bloodshed, expressive of the violence he had done to his conscientious and religious opinions by the part he had taken."-(On the Sup pression of Duelling.) The defence often set up for duelling, that j it acts, ¡n some measure, as a corrective of | evils, less indeed than itself, is admitted in the pamphlet as possibly true in fact, " But (it continues) we hesitate not to say that by usurping an exclusive jurisdiction upon a cer- tain class of offences, real or imaginary, it | excludes the operation of other provisions which would more effectively accomplish all, and more than all its boasted good. It inter- cepts all appeal to laws, human and divine, and altogether supersedes the exercise of common sense ; but were it once removed, these would regain their proper influence, and society would soon resume, or create proper remedies for, the protection of its interests." Some of these remedies are indicated. The Association includes, among its ordinary members, a very large number of officers military and naval, many of distinguished courage-who all bind themselves in principle and in practice to seek to discourage duelling. The names of members are invited even from this distant part of the world, and will be gladly received by Captain Hope, at Brunswick House, Hanover Square, London. Every Christian, every benevolent, or pro- perly constituted mind must rejoice in this effort to repress a practice alike a scandal to religion and to common sense. THR Review of Friday last copies a para- graph from the Courier to the following effect: « We observe that the Review alleges that the Bishop furnished or corrected our report of his lordship's lecture." Our contemporary then, as the shortest way of correcting a mistake which, in very courteous terms, he points out in the above extract, gives the passage in a former number of the Review on which our paragraph was founded. It runs thus :-i " In the Courier of Friday the 16th is a report, taken evidently with more than our cOntcmnoraiy's usual care in such matters (probably corrected, if not actually reported, by Bishop -Nixon himself,) of that prelate's lecture." Our contemporary asks us in candour to correct our mistake, which we do without any hesitation. He did not, as will be seen by the above extract, allege that the Bishop corrected the report of his own lecture or wrote it, but merely that he probably did so. The Review, however, will give us leave to say that there never was any probability that Bishop Nixon, absorbed as his lordship's time is by the onerous duties of his station, would be able to devote any part of it to the correction of a newspaper report, although, were he otherwise situated, we dare say that he would not think it unwor- thy of him to correct any mistake as to his sentiments which might go forth in a colony for which he feels all the interest proper in a spiritual father. Since we are on the subject of mistakes, and have fairly acknowledged our's, we have to claim the like candour from the Review in respect to one which appears in his columns on Friday. The Review, after quoting a letter signed Pry, which appeared in the Advertiser, and which inquired whether it was true that the Governor had employed one paper to write down tlie Bishop, and another to operate in the same way against one of the judges, says, " The Courier, and this journal, contradicted the slander in the most direct terms." Pardon us, contemporary, we never thought it neces- sary to do, and therefore never did, any such thing. That the Governor would employ any paper to attack either the head of the Church, or one occupying the seat of justice, in the colony, seemed to us so little likely, that though some of our contemporaries circulated the scandalous statement, we never thought it worthy of notice; and had we even credited the scandal, as no one was likely to suppose that the Courier was the hireling assailant either of the Bishop or the judge, there would have been wanting any particular reason on our part for adverting to it. The Review, then, will please correct his mistake. 