\- ? - -*».'.;>V"- f. - ? i .. Select ?>oeí,v». THE SENSIT l"V E PLANT. PART THIRD. j Three days the flowers of the garden fair Jiike stars, when the moon is awakened, were, Or the waves of Baise, ere luminous She floats up through the «moke of Vesuvius ; And, on the fourth, the Sensitive Plant Felt the sound of the funeral chant, And the steps of the bearers, heavy and slow, And the sobs of the mourners, deep and low ; The weary sound and heavy breath. And the silent motions of passing death. And the smell-cold, oppressive, and dank Sent through the pores of the coffin plank. The dark grass, and flowers among the grass. Were bright with tears as the crowd did pass ; From their sighs the wind caught a mournful tone, And sate in the pines, and gave groan for groan. The ga id en, once fair, became cold and foul, T.ike the corpse of her who had beeni its soul, Which at first was lively, as if in sleep, . ". hen slowly changed, till it grew aheap To maka men tremble who never weep. Swift summer into the autumn flowed, Anti frost in the mist of the morning rode, Though the noonday sun looked clear and bright, Mocking the spoil of the secret night. The rose leaves, like flakes of crimson now, Paved the turf and the moss below ; j The lilies were drooping, and white, and wan, j Like the head and the skin of a dying man. j And Indian plants, of scents and hue ¡ The sweetest that ever were fed on dew, j l.enf rifler leaf, day after day, ! Were massed into the common clay. ! And the leaves, brown, yellow, and red, J And white with the whiteness of what is dead, j Like troops of ghosts on the'dry wind past Their whistling no'se made the birds aghast. i And the gusty winds waked the winged seeds i Out of their birth-place of ugly weeds, j 'Til they clung round many a sweet flower's stem, ¡ Which rotted into the earth with them. ! Tiie water bloom under the rivulet Fell from the stalks on which they were set, And the eddies drove them here and there, j As the winds did those of the upper air. i Then the rain came down, and the broken stalks j Were lieut and tangled across the walks, " I /.nd the leafless net-work of parasite bowers | Massed into ruin-and all sweet flowers. ¡ Between the time of the wind and the snow, j AU loathliest weeds began to grow, I Whose coarse leaves were splashed with many a speck Like the water.snake's belly and the toad's back. And thistles, and nettles, and damals rank, 1 And the dock, ard henbane, and hemlock dank, Sí retched mit its long and hollow shank, And stifled the air 'til the dead wind stank. And plants, nt whose name the verse feels loath, Filled the place with a monstrous undergrowth, prickly; .ind pul pons, and blistering, and blue, î.ivïd, and starred with a lurid dew. And fgariT, and fungi, with mildew and mould, -tutted like mist from the wet ground cold ; P:i!e. fienhv. ss if the decaying dead With- a sfti-pi of growth hail been animsted ! Their moss r .¿ted off them, flake by flake, ' I il the thick stalk stuck like a murder's stakp, Where raps of'I.'ose fle«h yet tremble on high, Infecting tiie winn's that wander by. \ ' pa^n. vveel':, sud filth, a leprooB scum, Mud-- llu> running rivulet thick and dumb. And, ut its outlet. Macs huge as stakes Curamed it np with roots knotted like water snakes. And hour by hour, when the air was still, Thc vapour!« arose which have strength to kill : At morn they were seen, at noon they were felt. At night they were darkness no star could melt. And the unctuous meteors from spray to spray «'.»pi urn! flitted in bvoad noon-day Unseen ; everv branch on which they a'it i'y u vet,otn-ms blight burned and bit. The Sen^'t'tre Plant Hire one forbid Weot. Hud the tears within each lid Of ti« folded leave» which together grew Werf changed to a blight of fr«Z3n glue. Fer rtie leakes snob fell, and the branches soon ¿tv tb»* hraw n\e. of th»" hl««t were hewn : The «.ap shrank to the root, through every porp, \f¡ the Mood to í¿ neall that will beat no more. l'-.r winter came ; tho wind wa« his whip : On»» i'tinp;iv fwrer was on his lip : H" ha i mm tb* cataract« (tom «hfl hüls, .An.! th.»\ «l-nikct nt Iii«: girdle litre rr. ¿nae I es ; yin l-T'-silh na* r. r'-i.i.n whi'-h without a pound Th* <-KP!I. .ir..! fti« nil. »;nd tl.,» wafer honrid ; Fte tun r. ti. r.-lv drui n, in bis chariot-throne Uv tl.e ii-ui.ild blasf«- of ¿ne? arctic lon«1, '! h' U tbe wi'i-i'u n hil ii cvrre fermi of living death t'bii 'r. in i-i- fr..«-t to [h>- 'Hrib henemh : 'I b. ir <i,..'.,.. ?.. d taJtj..,! lü^ht from the trost Wa» tul I >.i- ibo viuiiihinp of a jjiosl! .i t-<l under the ro-'t« of thp Sensitive riant 1 he mi.'»* i.iir.1 th,» dnrrnirc died for waut : 7 h«« Kr .P dropped stiff from the frozen air. And «en? caught in the hratuh** naked and bar»». Fir*' i herr* com»» down a thawing rain, Anù it- dull drop* froy.e nu"th» boughs again, Then th-r.- «.i.'nn.» d mi a nv» zing d»>w, ^V'tiK-t; ;,i t!it. drops < f ih»< thaw rain grew ; ' >..'. a ii"i :!I»TI. ». hh lu ind. wnr.derine about j u ^ II «-.rf (bit bid K i a dead child nut, i? tioiiL'h; il).i- Inden, and heavy and stiff, ?rid Mmt p'i; th-'in o!T with bili ripid prill. x'Vti»-n winter li td »jone and spring came back. 'i he v.-M'itive 1'bni wai a le<irle«« wreck: Um 'ti.' .nan ii «k*-*, und toadstools, and ducks, and d,..».w.f. K. re like cbc «ir m] fr vin tiie ramed charnel». 