BISHOP POLDING— DISSECTED ! We intend occasionally to indulge one of our Reporters with a Ticket-of-leave to at tend the Roman Catholic Church in Hyde- Park. And if the one to whom we extended this indulgence on a. recent occasion should always acquit himself as well as lie has evi dently done in the following. Report of Dr. Pnlrliurt's A iil.i-nrnt.fist.nnt-. Lecture last Sun- day evening, the Bishop will have good reason to say to him on his future visits, as Joseph did to his brothers, "Ye are spies ! Ye arc spies 1 To see the nakedness of the land are ye come !'' It is not every day that we get an Archbishop to anatomise ; and wo cannot allow so good a subject to escape without letting him feel our cri tical knife through his whole system. " After reading from the Scriptures those portions on which lie intended to found his discourse, Dr. Poldintr stated that the doctrines of Confession and Absolution are doctrines held by the Church of Eng land. Tiiose who defend the Catholic faith have two difficulties to .encounter ; they have first to instruct those opposed to them in the tenets of their own faith, and then to explain to them the doctrines held by the Catholic Church. That the doctrines of Ab solution and Confession are held by the Church of England, would be seen by any one present, if, when they went home, they turned to the directions for the Visitation of the Sick, where the person approaching his last end is exhorted to confess himself, and the minister'is iommandod to absolve him, using almost the identical words used by the ministers of the Ca tholic Church when granting absolution. If confes sion is right and proper to Jju made by an individual when at the point of death, why should it not be made at any previous time ? Is it not mueh better that it should be made by an individual when in the possession of Ills faculties, than to be delayed to his last moments ? . If the minister has power to absolve him when at the point of death, has ho riot the same power at another time P Thus it will bo found that those who are in error are always inconsistent. The Church of England is so ; for she denies the power of Absolution to the ministers of the Catholic Church, when at tho same time she'enjoina the practice, upon licr own ministers." Now, we quite agree with Bishop Poid-- ing in regarding the Church of England as only half-reformed. In the language of one of her own most distinguished members, the great Earl of Chatham, who was too honest not to acknowledge her many and great imperfections, " the Church of England is a Church with Calvinistic articles, an Ar- minian clergy, .and a Popish liturgy!" It ' was no new discovery therefore of Bishop Folding's, to find himself in a sort of half way house' when he had got hold of the En glish Prayer Book. Non-Episcopalian Pro testants, who constitute probably three- fourths, at least tioothirds, of, the whole body of Protestants, have consequently nothing to do with this charge. It- is not a charge against Protestantism, but against Episcopacy. Lot Bishop' Broughtoy an swer it, therefore, if he can. AVe have noth ing to do with it. But to proceed with the Report: — " In his formo? lecturo he showed that tho power to foigive sins did' not belong to the priest as a man but as a minister. If any one should say that Sir G'corgo Gipps, Sir . Tames Dowling, Mr. Burton, or Mr. Stephen possessed the power of life and death, would lie not be immediately laughed atK If they really possessed such A power, prirTives, would riot be f This pnper was written for publication last week. safe ; we should have to go immediately to some oilier country. Sir James Dowling has the power of life and death, not as Sir James Dowling, but as a Judge. Sir George Gipps has the phwer of life and death, not as Sir Gorirge Gipps, but as tbe Governor ; it being a power given to them for the protection and good of society. So the minister of the True Church forgives sins by virtue of his office. The Rev. Dr. tiien proceeded to prove the doctrines of Absolution by the usual arguments made use of for that purpose, remurkinglliatJesusGlirist himself never forgave sins as God, but as the Son of Man. He instanced the mi racle performed by Christ on the man sick of the itnlnii limn t,n ii .«'« ' lltitf lltnii usuimet hllrvtl' fltttf j/uuiy , tviiwiii iiv otU'lj ttiitt tituii iiiujrvoh. wiuu . the Son of Man hath power on earth to forgive sins, | ' I say unto tlicc arise, take up thy bed and walk.' This power he received from his Eternal Father, and this power lie delegated to his Apostles, as he endea voured to prove from various passages of Scripture. He also showed that, according to the Scriptures, when an individual is baptised, all his sins are forgiven. If from circumstances the sacrament of baptism is not. administered till u person is twenty -one ycar3 of age, lie must by that time have committed many sins; he may have committed thousands. According to the Scriptures these are all forgiven. Is it not as reasonable that the same effect should follow when the words are nronouncedbv the minister, when trrailt- ing absolution, as when lie says, ' I baptize thee in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost ?' We are expressly told in this latter case by' the Scriptures, ' If lie has committed sins 1 they shall be forgiven him ?' " Now, we Protestants simply dony, that the power to forgive sins has ever been de legated to man in any capacity. The power to forgive sins is an incommunicable attri bute of the Sovereign God, which it is im piety and blasphemy of the most monstrous character for any Church or mortal to as sume ; and we defy Bishop Folding to prove that such a power has ever been delegated to man. The Bishop, it seems, is fond of drawing analogies from the practice of Courts of justice and Civil Governments : we therefore give him one to the point, by j asking, What would become of the Royal authority in Great Britain and the Colonies if every petty constable throughout the British Empire had the power to forgive high treason or opm rebellion against her Majesty the Queen ? There would thence forth be an utter end of everything like Go- vernment. But the distance between the pettiest constable and Queen Victoria is as a hairbreadth to infinity, as compared with the distance of a mere minister of religion from the Majesty of Heaven and of Earth. No wonder therefore that this monstrous, this blasphemous doctrine produces all the evil consequences that' we Protestants im pute to it. Again, wo also deny, point blank, that men's sins are necessarily, or even generally, 'pardoned on their bap tism : for " neither circumcision nor uneir- cumcision availeth anything, but a new creature." If the man who is baptized re pents and evinces his change of heart by a change of life, his sins are most certainly pardoned on his being baptized ; but if he does not repent from his inmost heart, hiscase is only made the worse by his baptism, in- asntuch as he bus thereby profaned a holy ordinance of God, and God ,will not be mocked by such profanation. " No arguments are brought against Confession from the Scriptures. The objections were generally profane and vulgar. Some of these objections the Rev. Doctor noticed at great length. Those who ob jected to the doelrine of Confession alleged that the exercise of the power of Absolution by the Church led to the frequent commission of sin, ub parties who committed sin can so easily obtain forgiveness for the same. It was shameful that such an objection should he made by those who believe in the doctrine of Justification by Faith. Luther said, Believe firmly, sin boldly:; or in other words, if you believe strongly, you may act as you please." '. Now we beg to inform Bishop Folding that Luther never uttered any such mon strous sentiment ; and nobody knows this better than Bishop Folding, if he had only the candour to acknowledge it. The doctrine of justification by faith, which T nflinn nf/mnlto/l ia tfia flfintnilA ftf tllA New Testament throughout and all who ' maintain it maintain also that the man who believes that Jesus Christ is the Son of God and the Saviour of men, lias in so be lieving undergone an entire change of heart which will infallibly evince itself in an entire change of life. But if there has been no such change of life, Luther and all who follow him infer that there has been no clmngo of heart, and that the man is a liar YVUttll 1113 ICH9 US 1113 UU1U3VUO Uh UU " Many persons supposed that the practice of con fession was .a degrading ono. What ! they say, con fess your sins to a man like yourself ! But such per sons do not understand the feelings of a minister. The minister would look into his owii heart and lie would feel that if he lmd- been placed in similar cir cumstances, lie might h;tve acted worse than the in dividual confessing his sins. The minister would hear the confession ; he would judge whether the in-, dividual who desired tlj»t absolution should bo ad ministered to him was hi. a fit slate to receive it ; whether he was willing "to make restitution to any whom he Ijad injured : if it was not in the power of the individual to do so, then whether he appeared willing by economy and caro to obtain the mentis of making restitution. The minister would weigh ulj these things ; he. w.ould'not hastily pronounce tho in dividual absolved. If Sir James Dowling weighed well, or directed the jury to weigh well the evidence, whether they would acquit orlcondemti the prisoner at the bar, how much more would the minister of Christ cousider1 long and anxiously the evidence brought before him 1' The decision of the one referred only to temporal affairs ; upon the decision of tho other depended the happiness or misery of the im mortal soul. Again it had been said that tho practice of confession was inimical to the interests of society. Let the stato of morals in auy Protestant country witness to the contrary. There was one crime, lite »»«, w muu i» uuMiuwn in i Catholic countries where they practised their religion ; he meant suicide, which is fearfully prevalent, at the present day. Nor was this to he wondered at whon we consider that the ihdividual burdened with sin lias none to whom he can make known his distress, and to whom he can unburthon Iiis mind with a prospect of relief ; haunted by the remembrance of his crimes he at last, to gain relief, puts an end to his existence. Luther, Erasmus, and other writers lamented the state of morals which followed the Reformation. The state of morality in Protestant countries at the present day is well known, and is a sufficient answer to those who say that the practice of confession is inimical to Ihfi intarAata nf nrwiptv We have no time at present to enlarge upon the morality of the confessional — the mental degradation to wliich it subjects the individual who makes the confession ; the pro digious and dangerous power with which it in vests the erring mortal who receives it ; the sink of depravity and pollution which it con demns the unfortunate priest to brood over from youth to. age, till his heart, in ten thousand instances, becomes hard as the nether-millstone from the perpetual contem plation of vice in all her disgusting naked ness and loathsome vileness. We shall pro bably take up the subject at length by-and- bye. In the meantime, however, the praise of the morality of Roman Catholic, as com pared with Protestant countries, which Dr. Polding bestows so freely, is quite a new idea to us— one we never had even dreamt of before — and it only shews that if Bishop Polding as an orator deserves to be called the golden-mouthed, like the famous Cliry- sostora ; or the silver-tongued, like some body else ; the metal at all events in which he deals the most extensively is plain brass. Take the single example of Ireland. The Roman Catholics of that Island, as com pared with the Fro test an ts, are to 1 ; but the Irish Roman Catholic convicts, as appears from the statistical returns of crime in Ireland, have hitherto, as compared with the Protestant convicts from that country, been as 19 to 1 ! " But Luther and Erasmus, it seems, be wail the low state of morals even after the Reformation. And so. we reolv. do the apostle Paul and the other apostles in re ference to .some even of the primitive churches. The standard of morals which these apostles and apostolic men erected was so elevated in its nature and require ments that few comparatively came up to it. But when do we find Luther and Erasmus telling us that the Reformation did not leave things 'infinitely better than they were before ? , But is"; Bishop Polding ignorant of the fact that Erasmus never was a Protestant ? His able exposures of 'the enormous corruptions of the Romish Church — especially of monkery, the con fessional, aud the celibacy of the clergy- did prodigious service to the cause of the Reformation ; but he 'never himself aban doned the communion of the Church of Rome. He treated the matter to much enpkilosophe for that. We had onco the pleasure of standing before the bronze statue of Erasmus in Rotterdam, in Hol land, and there paying, our silent but willing homage to departed greatness. But suicide, we learn from the Romish bishop, is a Protestant crime,; unknown, un heard of in Roman Catholic countries 1 " In . the name of the prophet," as the Mahome-, tans say, " brass ! more brass !" Bishop Polding is no retail-dealer in the article; he evidently does business in, it in the whole sale line, as we shall show presently. When in London in the year 1834, we had the honour of making the acquaintance of M. Guerry, Avocat a la Cour Royale de France , and the author of a work'entitled, Essai tur la Statistique de France . M. Guerry did us the honour to present . us with a copy of the llapport of the' French In stitute on his work, and from that Report we make the following extract, for the special information of Bishop "Polding ; to whom we would respectfully tender this piece of salutary advice, " Never to talk authoritatively on subjects which lie either does not understand, or on which he has had no previous information":— La demltro jrnrtle (lu mdmoire de M. Guerry contiont l'expotA de bos rceherchcs srir Ion suicides. D'apifcslos comptos dp la justice ciiminelltlde- puis 1827 jusqu'en 1830, il en a et& commis 6', 000 dans touto l'6tendue du l'oyaume, c'ent-h- dlro pit>3 in imif jun mm. IIIIW H tie 1 ;800 chnque ann6o; encore faut-il observer H que les mitonttn judiciaries ri'ayant constate que H ceux <lc cen crimes qui ont ete suivis de riiort on qui Hi ont donna lieu h nn commencement ri'mRtruotion, H, le nombrc do 1,800 est probablcnient inldrieur de ®B beaenup h. eelni dps suicides qui .ont At> commis. ®9 "Tlia last part of M. Guciry's memoir contains ®| an exposition of bis reserches in regard to suicides, " According to tbe reports nf Criminal Justice Hj tbcre have been committed, throughout the kingdom ft® from 1827 till 1830, s(i,900suicidcs,tliatis nearly 1800 H® every year ; it mustbeobserved, however .Ihalthejudicial 88 authorities having only reported those cases that have j® cuner issucu m ueatu or given rise to judicial pro. KM cecdings, 1,800 is probabfy much below the number®® of suicides that have been committed." |g| Eighteen hundred suicides per annum in®® Roman Catholic France ! Is there -any.!® tiling to match this, even in Protestant England ? We defy Bishop. Polding to ill prove that there is. Besides, other things®® being equal, suicides are always more frc- fg quent in mercantile communities like Eng. 88 land, where numbers of people are alwaysf®! sure to be ruined on every unfavourable turn oi the markets, than in an agricuUggg tural country like France, where few com.!® paratively experience these rapid reverses.®! But even taking it for granted for one mo!® ment that Bishop Polding is right, if peoples®! don't lay violent hands on themselves inEH Roman Catholic countries, they generally!® compensate for the singular omission by®® laying them on other people. Where, foi|®| example, is there more of this sort of worigH done under the sun than, in the blessed®® county of Tipperary, in Ireland? Wher||® is there more of it than in the city of lloimnB itself, under the Pope's nbse ; assassiiia-®® tions being of appalling frequency in that®® Roman Catholic city ? It would be idle to|® compare the Roman Catholic of Rio®| Janeiro, Pernambuco and Havannah in tliisaS, respect with the thoroughly Protestant cities®! of Boston, Philadelphia and New York—Hi and we ourselves have been in all these sixS® cities but one. In the three former cities®! assassinations are of nightly occurrence, andH are scarcely taken notice of by the authori-BI ties ; in the three latter thev are nevnira heard of. ®| " In conclusion he would say if any of you wltoH® are present are members of churches whose ministers®® do not claim the power of forgiving sins, that cir>®| cumstance is of itself sufficient to show that yoursHB is not the true church ; the power of forgiving being!® one of the most important committed to the trinfi® Church and claimed by all its ministers. If vnijai belong to the Church of England, which claims,- JUij I have proved, the power of forgiving sins, I y||j| by what authority the Church of England claiilg®j such a power ? It is either an extraordinary or tttK® ordinary authority by which she claims the power cfi® orgiving sins. If by an exlrar'dinary authority Iel®r her ministers work miracles to. prove their possessions of an extraordinary authority. If she claims in tbil® ordinary way I deny that she has any such authority, T( The Catholic Church did not' give this power to lie® when she left her communion. Nay, more, I am®1 prepared to prove that the ordination of her minister®: is invalid ; that the form of the ordination of licit® ministers is invnlid, therefore the bishops and minis-® ters of the Church of England have no more right® to administer the sacraments of religion than thiBB parish constable who receives his authority from ® justice of the peace ; therefore those who are in liuHi communion are blind led by the blind, and the fatm of such persons was' declared by our Lord. H We shall take up the question of autho-H rity by-and-bye. In the meantime let out® reporter go again whenever he pleases. B® By the way, we understand that an articles of eight or ten columns, including extracts,® has been devoted by the Chronicle to dis-H prove our assertion that " Popery robbed® Christian of his Bible." We have not read® the article and scarcely think we shall. Thcjj Chronicle may answer its in five minutes,® withont all this gammon by simply pro® ducing a Roman Catholic version of the® Bible in Erse or Irish for the three millioitsB aud a-half of Irish speaking Roman Cathcfl lies in the Green Isle. He knows he can® produce no such work ! Oh no ! and W® repeat it ; u is a areammg confession tnan we are right notwithstanding ! H 