m THE CASE OP EVIDENCE. ? (PBOM ' WWt» OF TU« BOBOEBB.'] ? (Concluded from la* Weom»da-'t numlier.) ? 'I feel worse, iny beloved Martha,' I «he said, 'and am solicitous about the ? retur* of George Hull. I would send I for another, but that I would so much ? prefer my usual man of business. So ? far, at least, I can insure your safety. I my love, in the event of anything I happening to me before his return. I Hand me that bos (hat lies on the top I of my escritoire'.*' 1 I complied, by feloliing aud laying I the box on the bed. My aunt took a I key that Iny under her pillow, and, I opening the secretary, exhibited a I great nutnherof jewels, which she had I got on the death of her husband, who I had been a jeweller on a great extent I in London, and left her the treasure I as her share of his fortune. Some of I these she had disposed of, and kid out I the proceeds in the purchase of herit I able properly, on the rents of which I she lived; and the remainder, along 1 with an inventory, written in her own I hand , she had deposited in the bos , of I whichshehadalwayslakenlhe greatest I care. There were other valuable ar il tides besides the jewels in the box : 1 her title-deeds were there, and some I bank-checks, for money she had saved I out of her rents. She lifted up two I or three pearl necklaces, and other I articles, to enable her to get a siring of I diamonds, apparently of groat value. I ' These,' she said, ' were valued f by James' (so she always spoke of f her husband) ' at four thousand I pounds. They were intended as the [ portion of my little Agnes, who died I only one week before her father. \ Who has a belter right than yon, my i dear Martha ?— lake them, and along with them the necklaces, which I ? think are worth a hundred guineas [ each. The loose jewels in this in ! Jerior box you may also take; they are of no great value, but (hey will suit you ns articles of dress, when you become the wife of Augustus Merling. Take and place them all in your own trunk. If I get belter, I will trust to your returning them to me without a request on my part, and the inventory may be left hero to show what you have got. When George Rail comes, I shall make him put a clause in my will, to accord with this act and my sentiments.' She then locked the box, and I, with tears of gratitude in my eyes, went and placed the jewels in my trunk, and returned to the bed of my benefactress. ' Yon must look to your treasure, Martha,' she continued. ' I hare eunrded it well, havioc hal occasion lo doubt the honesty of Magdalene, (the maid -servant,) who, I fear, knew too well what the has contained. I missed a beautiful brooch last year, and would have discharged her, but that I had no evidence against her. Look well to (he key of your trunk.' ? I could not reply to these state ments of my aunt.' My heart was full, and my tongue would not ex press the feelings of gratitude with which f wns penetrated ; hut she understood me, and was content. Shortly afterwards, she said she felt worse, and I despatched Magdalene for Mrs. Merling, who came within hnlf-an-hour, accompanied by Au guslos, who sat in an antechamber, anxious to sec me. The first look that Mrs. Merling directed to her old friend delected the symptoms of ap proaching dealh, and she communi cated to me secretly the melancholy information. She seemed anxious about the attorney ; but the situation in which I, who would be lienefitted by (he will, and her son, who was so near, stood in relation to each other, produced a delicacy which prevented her from showing ;in anxiety on the subject. The medical man, who came soon after, held uut lo us a very faint hope, and even hinted that he himself was surprised at the sudden change that had taken place upon her. The unfavourable symptoms in creased towards night, and the intel ligence of her illness brought Mrs. Ball to get her curiosity satisfied, and her feelings of bnmanity excited. !*be had beta informed by her daugh ters of what had taken place in the forenoon, and had scarcely entered, when she alluded, in a sneering tone, to Augustus, whom she had seen in the ante-room as she passed. We sat round the bed of my dear re lative, who began to exhibit symp toms of a wandering slate of mind — a circumstance less noticed by the others than by me ; and having heard that Augustus, was in the house, she requested to see him. I ran for him —lie came and bent himself over the sickbed, to administer some of the soothing sentiments of a mind replete with Jhe balm of ' the spirit of grace and snpplications' which whs poured on the bouse of David. She asked him to he seated, and, raising n little her body, she pointed to the box, which stood on the lop of the escri toire, and. wished it to lie brougt to her that she might give Augustus a ring as a Iceepsake. Mrs. Merling, who sat next lo it, obeyed the request and brought the box. With trembling hands the patient Bought for the key, and, having found it, tried lo insert it in the lock ; bnt she was unable, and Airs.' Merling assisted tier. The box -was opened, nnd my aunt, now in a state of delirium, ran « wild eye over Its contents,' and, raising her Lands ^o heaven, cried— , 'i 'j-lVtere nre my jewels? I have bflftn robbed. Wretches, tell me «tlere nre those jewels Hliicli I hair guarded fpr twenty jenr»?' The excitement was fatul — she fell back, and expired. The confusion which followed this sudden and yet unexpected event, drowned for a time the effect resulting from the extraor dinary exclamation. The women were busy in various ways, and Au gustus ran to support me, who at first staggered by the exclamations, was rendered senseless by what so imme diately followed. I swooned in his arms, and, when 1 recovered, found myself iu iny own parlour, wilh Mrs. Ball leaning over me. Augustus alarmed by the length of time I re mained insensible, had hastened away for the doctor, and left me to the tender mercies of the mother of my rival When { looked up, (he first object that met my eyes was my trunk, where were deposited tbn jew els 1 had got gifted to me by my aunt; and, by the power of association, I heard ringing in my ears the words, ?' I have been robbed.' The air seemed thick, from the impediment which my swelling heart offered to my powers of respiration, and, hold ing out my hand I pushed away her who held me. The resistance oflered to my hands directed my attention to the face of Mrs. Hall, who, smiling with a 'cutting satire, which spoke her suspicions — '? Who rolilied your aunt, Miss Martha?' inquired she. ' Why did you faint when she mentioned the loss of her jewels ? ' ' H»!' answered I, with an ex clamation, rubhing my forehead, and still searching in my mind for a full recollection of all that had taken place; 'I wish my aunt to explain, in the presence of Mrs. Merling, and you, and Augustus, her extraordi nary words. Come, come — let us go to her — she must explain, die must free me of the imputation.' ' Your aunl is dead, young wo man, you saw her die,' she replied, wilh more bitter irony. ' You have nol yet recovered yourself. It was her death-bed confession. Why did it shake you so ? You never can bo suspected.' In an inslant (he full truth dashed upon me, and I saw that the death of my aunt precluded all hope of getting her statement recalled. I felt a hor rible load upon my heart, and gasped for breath. The thought that ( had already allowed lo pass the proper opportunity of stating the truth, burned my brain with the pain of a seething iron. The force of truth was stroug in me, tind I struggled :it this laic period to tell all that had occurred ; but, when I looked up in the face of my malicious tormentor, I could not speak, and I now felt (hat those sensibilities which made me so exquisitely alive to the sense of virtue liaQ become my enemies. The thought of being suspected — and the confes sion that the jewels were iu my trunk would amount almost lo a convic tion—seemed worse than death in its direst form ; yel I essayed again and again to tell the truth, and ettfl 1 failed to pronounce one intelligible word of explanation. Mrs. Hall, finding me rcrovrrcd, left me. as she said with her accustomed satire, to the attentions of Augustus Merling, wbo at that moment entered the room with the surgeon. Ue was delighted to see me recovered, and asked me, in tones that sounded in my cars more grating l]ian risped iron,' how I felt. I answered, wilh difficulty, that I was belter. The doctor gave me some stimulant, and he «nd Augustus sat down by my side, talking on the snb cct of the sudden chanire that had taken place in my aunt's disease, which no one had thought fatal. I sat silent, and expected every mo ment dial Augustus would have men tioned something regarding llie state ment made by my aunl in reference to her jewels; but he never approached the sulijcct — a circumstance which seemed to me extraordinary — for it was impossible, I thought, that so si rikingan incident could have escaped his memory ; and as the presence of the doclor could form no reason (but rather the opposite) against a recur rence to the subject in his presence, I thought I bad gromuls for supposing lhal my presence formed the cause. The moment Ibis thought entered my mind, 1 shook throughout uiy whole system. The question rose incessant upon me. Why does my presence prevent him from disclosing so start ling and important a circumstance ? The answer appeared plain and sim ple — lieciuso he suspects me. At the lime these thoughts were passing through my mind, my eye caught again my trunk, and I now saw very plainly, from the position of the key, which, having been handled care lessly, was hanging from the keyhole, that some one had been (here. I re collected Dial, when my aunt grew worse, 1 ran In her nnd left the key in the lock, and now suspected lhal Mrs. Ball had opened it while I was in a state of insensibility. As I fixed my eye on the trunk, I beard Au gustus slop iu the middle of a sen tence, and, turning upon him.atimid, furtive glance, 1 thought I saw him look at me earnestly, wilh a different expression of 'countenance from any I had ever yet seen him dSBume. 'I he doclor seemed to notice the break in the conversation, and lo take it as a hint to retire, which he did almost immediately, lo the great increase of my misery, f was now left alone with Augustus, and my whole mind became as it were concentrated in my ear, to hear him break (lie subject which had become so awfully interest ing to me. 1 was silent, nnd lie too apparently was inclined to be gloomy — a slate of mind so inconsistent wilh the usual habitudes of a spirit ever iu the contemplation of the fair side of human nature, that I looked upon it as inauspicious. 1 had forgotten en tirely — so completely was my' mind absorbed by the frightful subject be fore me — that he might respect the sorrow incident to my situation, and hold it loo sacred for an abrupt and officious condolence. At length the soft accents of sympathy stole from his lips ; and had they been as ' the ointment of spikenard,' they would have aggravated my pain ; for he avoided — il appeared to me studiously — all reference to the conduct of my aunt I knew not what words to use in my inane replies; nnd the more studiously he seemed lo avoid the subject, the inoro difficult, the more certainly impossible, I fell the task of approaching it myself. I felt now, more heavily than when iu the pre sence of Mrs. Ball, the weight of the time that had already been allowed to elapse without an explanation ; and every minute that passed added to il immeasurably. My aunt's statement, standing alone, was powerful, almost insuperable ; but, joined to the lapse of time between the charge and the denial — for what could it be now but a denial ? — it would appear to be proof strong as holy writ. All this I felt with such soul-prostrating effect, that every effort I made to broach (he subject, was strangled in my throat by the sympathetic power, of a heart loaded wilh the shame of a suspicion that never could be disproved. In addition to all (his, what I had al ready suffered had produced indica tions of a coming accession of my nervous affections ; aud thus over come by shame, terror, and physical debility, I sat beside my comforter as one in whose ears are knelling the strokes of the hour of execution. Augustus rose to depart; and, at this moment, his mother, who had been occupied dressing the dead body, came in, lo ascertain bow I wns. She looked wistfully at me ns I sat pale and trembling, and I (bought t saw her motion (o Augustus lo leave us together. He went out, uml, shortly after, my fit came upon me, nnd retaiucd me in its ruthless grasp, for a considerable period. I never had recovered from an attack to a perceplion of such realities as were now before me ; and the more con scious I became, (lie more dreadful seemed my condition. My first thoughts were directed to the speech of Mrs. Merling; and 1 soon found that she too avoided making the slightest allusion to my aunt's death bed declaration. If the circumstance was strange in Augustus, il was more so in his mother, a female, not so apt to be forgetful of a mutter where curi osity might have been expected lo be roused lo the highest pitch. 'I was now more and more convinced lhat both acted from a sense of delicacy towards me, on whom the whole weight of ihe suspicion of my a'.inl's declaration doubtless rested. I felt the same load on my breast as before — the same difficulty to approach the fearful subject ; but now my energies were overcome by another cause, for the moment I \\-vg:w to struggle with myscIT with a \iciv lo overcome the choking impediment presented to a declaration, I was attacked by my nervous ailment, and laid senseless in the arms of my friend. This oc cured several Limes within an hour, at llie end of which period — wilh the fatal secrej still in my bosom — I was so overcome with misery and pain, that I was obliged lo be consigncj lo my night couch. I lay for several days in a state of weakness, which was continued by occasional uttacks of my complaint, by the weight of the peculiar misery uidi which I was affected, nnd, by the dislurbingcfl'ecls of horrid dreams, the consequence of llie sUtes of both my mind and body. These last as sumed oflcn the characters of night mare, in which the form of my aunt wns always (though dreadfully dis torted) apparent among others; but dreadful as these Here, I would haie borne all the weight, and endured all iheir agony, rather than have suffered what always awaited me when I suc ceeded, iu wrenching my conscious ness out of the grasp of the nocturnal fiend. Mrs. Merling attended me, and Augustus was incessant in his re quests lo know how I kt.s. My aunt was, in llie meantime, buried ; and JVlrs. Merling, who communicated to me the intelligence, scaled herself by my bedside, wilb a view apparently of opening to me some subject lhat lay near her heart. 1 looked at her and trembled. ' Martha,' said she ' I am goin lo speak to you on a subject of treat delicacy ; and it is because I know you arc possessed of ns much good sense ns generous feeling, that 1 will take the liberty of doing it after the mauner of a frieud.' She paused, nnd looked al me, as if her heart had been overpowered wilh pity. I expected now the long dreaded announcement, aud lay mo tionless, almost senseless, to hear the pronunciation of my doom. ' Your aunt was no sooner laid in the ground, ' began Mrs. Merling, ?- than her heir-in-law — wbo is, as you know, your uncle, by the mother's side, James Hntlie, one of (he worst men that our part of the country has ever seen— came and demanded pos session of the house, with the articles therein; to oil which, and indeed to everything which belonged to the good old lady, be has tin undoubted right, seeing that she left no will. 'he keys are accordingly lo be deli vered this evening lo his agent, who, by the bye, is Mr. George Ball, and who has likely been selected in con sequence of having acted in that ca pacity for your aunt, and therefore acquainted with her concerns. Every lock and drawer in the other parts of the house was sealed up before the funeral ; and, it was only on the re presentation that you were lying here in a state of distress, that this room has not been entered. It is therefore necessary that you remove frum this house this evening, aud as I and my son know you have no home, no friends, and 1 fear no means, wo have resolved to take from you no de nial to oar request, ibal you permit yourself lo be removed lo our house, where, allow me to say, my dear Martha, I hope to see you in the cha racter of a respected and beloved daughter-in-law.' This annouccment satisfied me that neither Mrs. Merling nor her son bad any suspicions of my being pos sessed of my aunt's jewels ; and so far as regarded these individuals, I had no reason for the apprehensions lhat had assailed roe; but alas! how long could they remain in thai state of mind, when, ns it appeared, Mrs. Ball's son was appointed the attorney of the heir-ut-law ? That fact ap peared decisive of my ruin. I could not contemplate the probable evils thai might result from il, without ex posing myself to the danger of ano ther fit for tny ailment ; and, making an effort to reply suitably lo Mrs. Merling, I, with great difficulty rose and got myself dressed, and removed wilh my trunks to the residence of my nciv benefactress, where I might have enjoyed all the happiness of which my nature was capable of, had I not taken with me the burden lhat still pressed upon my heart. Augus tus seemed lo realise some fond dream in having me under his mother's roof as his inlcuded wife ; he renewed our former studies and conversations, wooed my heart in many forms, and wilh numerous allurements, lo the calm, virtuous enjoyments of lore ; and seemed to make a total sacrifice of himself, his pursuits, and feelings, to (he reclamation of me to my wont ed participation in his sentiments, and sympathy with his high-souled aspi rations. These benefits, this worship, lhat olfar of happiness, only tended to render me from hour to hour more incapable to unburden to him my mind. The burden pressed upon me with the weight and horror of an in cubus. ( forced myself repeatedly from the presence of him I loced above all earthly things, and wept in my closet over a fate which held be fore my eyes a fair heaven, imparted the capabilities of enjoying it and the burning wish id icacji u, aud yei guarded it with a demon whose visage was the chosen birthplace of terror. My struggles to impart llie intelligence had become weaker and weaker, as the lapse of lime rendered any decla ration F could make less nnd less worthy of credit. If 1 had bad the feeling of guilt, I would have natur ally taken means, by removing the articles, to avoid detection ; but, filled though I was with the forebodings of ruin and shame, uonc of the ordinary means of avoiding my fate ever oc curicd to me; and, (hough they had, tny mind, filled with pure and ele vated sentiments, would have shrunk aghast at the devices of guilt. What I had already suffered pro duced such an effect upon me, that I was reduced lo the cauuiUou of a sickly, lingering creature, destitute of (he sustaining power lhat enables the most wretched of mortals (o support their existence, and continue on this stage of crime nnd misery. Even tnv cherished views of the grace and beauty of my favourite ethics ceased lo yield me any pleasure : all my thoughts, hopes, and feelings, were absorbed by the one great aud ever present conviction, that I was liable to be suspected — nay, proved— a robber ; and every ring of Ihe door bell sounded in my ears ns the pre lude to my ruin. My condition was soon noticed by the solicitude of my benefactors, who, by inviting company to tie house, endeavoured to drive away what they termed ihe sorrow for my aunt. Mrs. Ball and Anne Hall were of these parlies. They looked at me as if they enjoyed some signal triumph ; and though, by crouching into the corner of the room I tried to avoid them, they seemed lo lake a delight in following me and constrasling the hilarity of their joy with the gloom of my melancholy. Shall lever forget the looks of these women 1. When shall their words fade from my car? Anne Ball put a 'question to me — Why did f not wear 1 my aunt's diamond necklace ! I \ swooned away, and was carried out. i What u uighl was thai 1 I In (lie morning I forced myself to i the breakfast table, though I could scarcely walk that length. Augustus had, for several hours, been studying some portions of Plato, where that | philosopher, as ho said, arrays, in the most beautiful language, of any nation on earth, the most exalted ideas of man's capabilities in the great field of heaven-directed virtue that ever fired the brain of the philosophic philanthropist. Ill as I was, I list ened to his description of what he had read ; but every word wag a dagger whose bill was set with rubies, whose point sought my heart. The thrilling and swelling emotions which would, at one time, have obeyed the sounds of his voice attuned to such music of moral spheres, seemed to fall bac't upon my heart and suffocate me. Tie bell of the outer door now rang with considerable vehemence, and I beard the steps of several indi viduals eater. I thought I heard my own name mentioned, and shortly the step of ont person, the others appa rently remaining below, was heard upon the glair. The parlour door opened, and George Ball, holding in his hand a paper, stood before us. He bowed to Augustus aud his mo ther; but to me he threw only the glance of a cunning, triumphant eye. My heart was still ; every muscle, vo luntary and involuntary, seemed bound up in the grasp of a spasm ; and freezing fear, in the place of breath, when wy lungs played not, sustained me as a statue is sustained, George Ball spoke — ' J (rouble your family this morn ing, Mr. Merling, on a matter of business. I hold in my hand a war rant of Ihe sheriff to search the repo sitories of Miss Martha Ballingal, resident in your house, for certain jewels of great value, which belonged to Miss Greville, her aunt, end an in ventory of which was found in the empty box where the articles were deposited. Mrs. Greville, as you and your mother both know, declared on her deathbed that she bad been robbed of these jewels ; there was another witness who heard the some declara tion ; aud the empty box, with the inventory, corroborated the statement of Mrs. Greville, who, indcod, could not have been wrong in a matter which so nearly concerned herself. Now, the heir-at-law has good reason to suppose that these jewels, aud parti cularly a diamond necklace, several pearl ones, and a number of loose jewels, all as set forth iu the invento ry, are in the trunks of Miss Ballin gal ; and the sheriff has, accordingly, granted a warrant for the purpose of having her repositories examined. I have stated these things to you at once, because the lady is under your pro tection, and I would not have con ceived it fair to search lockfast places in your house without first making this intimation to you personally.' Augustus looked at George Ball for some moments without speaking. He had been taken by surprise, and the communication hud roused in him such a conflict of feelings that he was entirely unmanned. A short lime brought him to the power of a reply. Mrs. Aicrling sat us one entranced. I was still able to maintain my posi tion, but was ready (o fall at a single (urn of (his extraordinary ceremony. ' We were aware, sir, replied Augustus, ' that Mrs. Grerille had lost or been robbed of her jewels, be cause we heard her declare so ; but, in duty to the feelings of Miss Balliu gal, who is beyond suspicion, we We lerraloed fium «U«d|ne In lUo subject until some light should be thrown upon the manner in which the articles were carried off. The reposi tories of ths maid should have been searched. As to Miss Ballingal, that lady, I will take upon me (o say, will cheerfully lay them open to your in spection. I heard no more that I could un derstand, A confused sound of men's voices, and of their feet, passing and rcpassing, fell on my ear, and stifled screams of a female mixed at times with them, and died away inlo hol low moans. I do not know what time elapsed ; but 1 found myself in my own apartment alone. I tried lo lift myself up and look around. My trunks were open ; (he place where the jewels had been was ransacked ; ihe jewels themselves were gone. 1 went to the door nnd tried (o open it; bnt it was locked, and the rough voice of a man answered by request ing me to remain quiet. It was not the voice of Augustus or of George Hall. I had never heard il before. Presently the door was opened with a loud noise, and three men entered. They threw a shawl over me, and placed on iny bead my bonnet, wbicb was lying near me ; for they said that I was unable to do these offices for myself. They took hold of my arms, and proceeded to direct me outwards. I passed through the room where we had been breakfasting. Mrs. Merling sat in one corner, with a handkerchief over her face, and loud sobs burst from her. Augustus had buried his face in his hands, and I beard heavy groans forcing themselves from his convulsed bosom, in spite of all his efforts to restrain them. They never looked at me. A feeble cry of 'Au- gustus '.'came involuntarily from me as I was hurried forward, and 1 could see his hand waving as if he disowned ?nc in sorrow. In a few minutes more, I was lodged in a prison. The cell lo which I was consigned was dark and loathsojnc, as all Scotch gaols then were, and as many of them still arc. A small graling looked out into a yard, where sick debtors were aliened space to walk. A small stream of light came in this aperture, and exhibited lo me all the horrors of my place of confinement — the pallet of straw, a broken chair, aud frag ments of iron chains, which had been used for/the purpose of binding felons. I cann/t describe what 1 felt as my eye grfnecd on the dim light of the cell, (over these articles ; jot they addiu nothing lo iny pain. I may eve/ say wi(h truth, that they had ratfer the power of diminishing it ? th) lowest condition of despair some tines drawing from on additional evil appecicsof frozen insensibility, which i/felt as a relief For two or three reys, I scarcely moved ; my meat la v ly the side of my pallet, and I saw /rowds of hungry rats come and ca of ji — fighting with each other over the vessel, and turning, at times, and looking at me, apparently without terror. The sight of these crea tures, at one time, would have niftde me fly and scream, from an involuntary fear of them, to which I had all my life been subject ; but I now sat and looked at them with apathy, though they approached so near to me that I could have, seized them with my extended hand. This fit of inanity gradually wore off; but it was succeeded by a condition a thousand times more fearful ; for, as if Ihe restrained blood had obeyed some impulse of reacting nature, my veins began to beat violently, my tem ples throbbed, and the thoughts that had been frozen or fixed in one gloomy direction, began lo career violently — touching all subjects in their progress, retracing every painful circumstance of my lot; contrasting my former happiness with my present misery ; foreshadowing my trial, my condem nation, my execution or banishment ; and then, again, mixing up a thousand images, leaving me in a state of wild confusion, incapable of distinguishing one thing from another. This was the beginning of a fever. I was insensi- : ble for many days — had been bled and blistered — despaired of; and recover ed from the brink of death, to meet a fate a thousand limes more dreadful. My trial, as I understood, was putoflf until I should be in a condition to be able to sit upright in the dock. When I became able to speak, I was waited on by a man of the law. ' I knew not who sent him ; but suspected that be came at the bidding of A ugustus, who, probably, thought I might yet be brought off. I told the man the truth, and requested him to ascertain whe ther my aunt was in her senses when she made the declaration on her death bed. Ue answered, lhat he had al ready made inquiries on that subject, but that none of the witnesses would admit lhat she wasotherwiso than sane ; and the circumstance of her having been on berdeath-bed militated against me. He seemed to pity me; bulheld out no hope. I asked to have one meeting wilh Augustus, hut knew not whether my message reached him. He never came ; aud I had no rela tives to lake a part for me in my de fence. The day of trial came ; and I was removed in a carriage to the justice hall, and placed at the bar. No one cnuld have known me. I was the mere ghost of what I was, and would have fallen from my sent had I not been supported by two officers wbo sat by my side. I answered the judges' question, of guilty or »ot guilty, with out rising, according to custom ; and the words were no sooner out of my mouth, than I fainted. When I re covered, the trial bad begun. The sounds of the witnesses' voices seemed to come (o me through some other medium than the ear; for, though seemingly unconscious, 1 yet heard. Mrs. Ball appeared, aud swore lo the statement of Mrs. Greville. The maidservant identified the jewels. Augustus Merling was put into the witnesses' box. He spoke the (ruth — what he had heard my auntdeclare. His mother was also there, and she spoke the truth — what she had heard my aunt declare. What availed my story against such evidence ? What jury could hesitate on a point so clear ? I was condemned and sentenced lo transportation beyond seas for seven years ; but my sentence was commuted for a year's imprisonment. How I bore lhat — where I have lived since my release — under what name, what privations, what agency, what madness — is itneccssaryformeto'say? Twenty years have passed, and I am still a living, sensitive being. I have seen the children of Ann Ball and Augus tus Merling, and I have scon also their parents, though they knew uie not. O God I when shall I be re lieved J A Duel AvorDEU. — A famous duellist challenged an Irish barrister for some remark made by the barrister while the duellist was giving his tes timony on the stand in some important case. The barrister knew precisely as much about fighting as a fancy boxer knows about Milton's ' Para dise Lost.' His friends told him, however, that there was no way (o avoid the scrape, and it was certainly expected from him cither to fight or apologise. This settled the point ; for the proud little Hibernian, though he would rather eat than fight, still infinitely preferred being shot to mak ing an apology. So the two duellists with their seconds, &c;, were soon upon the battle ground. The chal lenger was notorious as a great pistol shot, and had fought some half-dozen duels before, in one of which he was so badly wounded as to be left a crip ple for life. When olber prelimi naries were arranged, he requested, through his second, one favor from his adversary, which was permission to stand against a milestone, that was on the chosen ground. He sought no advantage, but wished to lean upon the stone, being too lame to stand erect without support. His request was at once granted, and just be the word was to be given, the little lawyer issued his mandate lo stay proceed ings, as he also had a request to make. In the gravest manner in the world he solicited permission to lean against the next milestone ! and the joke was tso good lhat the challenger took bis revenge -oui-iii a hearty roar of laugh ter, -withdrawing bis deadly defiance, and declaring be could never shoot a man of such excellent humour. 