BRISBANE WARD ELECTION. To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. | Gentlemen Although uninterested in the election of Councillors for this or any other ward of the City, I had the curiosity to visit the polling-place in Brisbane Ward to-day, where I could not help admiring the commend- able competition evinced by the different candidates for city honours, while I was at the same time compelled to laugh at the impudence of several rogues who successfully personated and voted in names which were not their own, I don't know which looked most foolish, the real bona-fide water, when told that another Wey had voted for himself the different committee gentlemen of the candidates, who were appointed, as the presiding Alderman observed to watch the poll. Three times did Womal Riley tender his paper, and as often did he change his individuality. The Alderman held the first to be the real Riley ; the other two, notwithstanding their claim to that title, were Riley's ghosts, and were ordered to vanish, which they did, not without some noise, but without a vote. It was satisfactory to find that they were all upon one side however, which was not the case with Cornelius Rity the real Riley in this instance having voted for a different candidate than the one which At ghost seemed inclined to honour. Now, gentlemen, I have seen much of electioneering matters in England and Scotland, but I have in variably observed there, that the arrangements were so complete that no person, even in a large community, could personate a voter, without the different agents being aware of the fact when the impostor appeared ; although I know well that many have voted in the manner, and sworn that they were the parties whose names were on the roll. In Brisbane Ward, however, the Committee agents had too much to do with papers and pencils to be able to attend to these matters, for the rogues were not detected till the ghosts appeared, and the. it was too late to cry out. The disappointed candidates must not feel uneasy at their position on the poll, seeing, the by a little more attention to what they consider minor matters, they would have at all events altered the numbers of their minorities, fofl there were several ghosts besides those of the Rileys, that I remarked during a very brief stay at the polling place. I In hopes that you may suggest some means for preventing the appearance of Giese elect tioneering ghosts at future occasions in Bros bane Ward. ? I am, Gentlemen, AN OLD CORRESPONDENT. November 11 