The Catholic community of these colonies are much accustomed to consider themselves in the light of an infant church; to look upon this branch of the Catholic tree as a delicate scion of tender years; and to speak of the Catholic worship amongst us as something progressing indeed towards ma turity, but still requiring the aid of years to ripen it to perfection. They remember the days when the worship of the Catholic religion was a thing un known to these regions. They can tell the time when these shores first beheld the sacred mysteries of the faith performed by the ministry of a Catholic priest. They have seen the early exile of one priest, the protracted persecutions, the bitter trials, and the gigantic singlehanded labours of another. It seems to them but as yesterday, and the day before, when they hailed the announcement of a Catholic clergy man's arrival, as a message of happiness, too rich and extraordinary to be hoped for more than once in six or seven years. Many who were eyewitnesses to these things, are still living in the midst of us, not bowed down with the burden of old age-not yet crowned with the grace of snowy locks, but hale, vigorous, and youthful, every mental faculty improved, every personal power unimpaired. What they beheld with their eyes their lips have faith fully recorded to their children, and the young and the old alike are conversant with the history of the Catholic religion in Australasia. Indeed, if the Australasian church be measured by the role of its years, it is an infant church; if, moreover, we compare its present aspect with the features of the churches founded by the Apostles and their sainted successors, in the infancy of christianity, we cannot fail to discover a marked resemblance. A handful of priests, charged with the conversion, instruction and sanctification of thousands and tens of thousands of human beings scattered over immense tracts of country, where mutual intercourse is always difficult, often dangerous, and sometimes absolutely impossible. A host of prejudices, passions and interests starting up every moment, to obstruct the missioner in his laborious path. A want of means to decorate the temples, the altars, and the rites of religion, and to invest then with that decent external which, in older churches, so materially serves to challenge the respect of strangers; at the same time that it elevates the piety and inflames the devotion of those who belong to the household of the faith. In these and some other particulars it is true, the church, in the Australasian colonies at the present day, bears a close resemblance to the infant churches of the Apostles times buts it not equally true, I would beg to ask the Australasian Catholic, that this our church enjoys at the present moment the fullness of perfect organisation in all the com pleteness of the oldest and most venerable churches, that have ever shed lustre on the page of ecclesi cal history? The venerated prelates who govern the several dioceses in this church form a well defined hierarchy not less eminent for literary attainments, than graced with the most unequivocal sanctity-not less earnest in the promotion of Catholic discipline; than zealous for the purity of Catholic faith. The Metropolitan Church of Sydney is raised to the dignity of an Archiepiscopal See, embracing six deaneries in its jurisdiction; served by the labours of a well ordered parochial clergy-aided by the mission of a confraternity of Passionists, and by a flourishing community of Benedictine Monks-blessed with the pious exer tions of two houses of Sisters of Charity and deriv iug important aassitance from a college of Lazarites, or Christian Brothers. In the Sydney Cathedral of St. Mary, priests and deacons have been ordained, nuns have been received, monks professed, and lately a prince of the sanctuary was consecrated, and finally, that nothing should be wanting to com plete the picture of a perfect church, fashioned after the apostolic model, a council and synod of the Australasian clergy has just been holden in the metropolitan city of Sydney. The Provincial Council was covened for the 10th, 11th, and 12th instant; and consisted of his Grace. the Most Reverend John Bede Polding, Archbishop of Sydney; the Right Reverend Dr. Wilson, Bishop of Hobarton, and the Right Reverend Francis Murphy, the newly consecrated Bishop of Adelaide. The synod was convened for the same time and place, and consisted of twenty priests, namely :— The Rev. J. McEncroe, Dean of Sydney, theologian to the Archbishop. The Rev. N. Coffey, Dean of Windsor, theologian to the Bishop of Hobarton. The Rev. Charles Lovat, Dean of Yass, theologian to the Bishop of Adelaide. The Rev. James Goold, Dean of Campbelltown The Rev. Dr. Gregory, Secretary The Rev. Charles Sumner, Procurator The Rev. John Rigney, Archdeacon and witness of the synod The Rev. John Fitzpatrick, Prolocutor The Rev. Michael Brennan, Prolocutor and witness of the synod The Rev. Vincent Bourgeois The Rev. Peter Young The Rev. John T. Lynch The Rev. John Grant The Rev. James Dunphy The Rev. William Benson The Rev. Robert McCormick The Rev. Thomas Slattery The Rev. Ambrose Cotham The Rev. Patrick Hallinan The Rev. Michael Ryan The clergymen who were expected to the synod but were not able to attend, are : The Rev. Patrick B. Geoghegan, Vicar Foran The Rev. Michael O'Reilly, Dean of Bathurst The Rev. James Cavenagh The Rev. James Hanly The Rev. Patrick McGinness The Rev. Vincent Dowling The Rev. John Kenny The Rev. John Kavenagh The Rev. Martin Heston The Rev. Daniel Dunne The Rev. Edmund Mahony The Rev. Peter Stephens The Rev. Joseph McVoy The Rev. James McGrath The Rev. Richard Walsh The opening of the council on the morning of Tuesday, the 12th September, was accompanied with all the solemn anod imposing ceremonies which the church wisely ordains shall be used in cele brating an event of so great interest and importance, as the holding a Provincial Council and Synod. The Archbishop celebrated the mass of the Holy Ghost, at which the suffragan Bishops attended in full pontificals, the Archdeacon, Deacon, Sub- deacon in sacred vestments, and the choir of clergy in surplices. The Dumont Mass was sung in the solemn Gregorian channt. The high altar was resplendent with lights and decorations, and a number of children knelt around the foot of the altar holding lighted tapers in their hands. The gospel being sung by the deacon, the Rev. the Dean of Windsor ascended the pulpit, and from the well known test in the 28th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, "Go ye, therefore, teach all nations," &c.;, he took occasion to deliver an eloquent and luminous discourse on the Church's Catholicity. His sermon contained an interesting review of the history of our religion from the date of Christ's commission to his Apostles, mentioned in St. Luke, beginning from Jerusalem," down to our own times, when even at the very extremities of the earth, we behold the Heaven-born Church of Christ flourishing, revered, and dispensing countless blessings to the nations. He contrasted the con stant, steady progression of the Christian Church with the instability of all those human institutions, whether of empire or of philosophy, which have appeared and disappeared since the birth of Christianity; he marked the progress of the faith, under the grinding persecutions of the three first centuries; its equally unchecked career under the courtly blandishments of four succeeding ages; he showed the steadiness with which it still maintained its noble course amidst the inundations of barbarism that laid in ruins, during the middle ages, the proudest monuments of preceding power, patriotism, and refinement. The strange discordant innovations in doctrine and discipline to which the last three hundred years have given birth, were described by the preacher as no less ineffectual to impede the progress of the faith, than were the instruments of persecution to annihilate it, the blandishments of emperors to enervate it, or the darkness of barbarism to extinguish its light. He took up the parable of the mustard seed, and applied it with admirable effect to the history of the church, proving that parable to be in reality a divine prophecy whose fulfilment appears to-day as clear as noonday evidence, in the present glorious position of the Catholic Church, where "from the rising of the sun to the going down of the same the name of the Lord is great amongst the Gentiles." The learned preacher having ended his bril liant discourse, the Pontifical Mass was pro ceeded with. At the close of the last gospel, the Archbishop, the bishops and all the clergy prostrated themselves before the altar; the choir sang the antiphon Exaudi, and his Grace in toned the 68th Psalm, "Salvum me fae Deus," and at the end of the first verse arose, and taking his mitre and crozier; remained standing before the altar, while the choir sang the psalm. The most reverend celebrant then, uncovered, offered up in a solemn voice the beautiful prayer in the pontifical, invoking the Holy Ghost, and begging the benign Spirit of God to extend his guidance to this Synod and to take the first Council of the Australasian Church into his protection. The litanies were next sung by the choir, white all present lay prostrate, and responded in order. At the passage, "That thou vouchsafe to visit, direct, and bless the present synod, we beseech thee hear us" the Archbishop arose, and taking his mitre and crozier, he turned to the synod, and making the sign of the cross as usual, blessed all present. The litanies ended, as prayer for the whole church was said by his Grace uncovered. The Deacon sang the gospel from the 9th chapter of St. Luke, the choir chanted the hymn, "Veni Creator Spiritus." The Archbishop read a latin discourse to the clergy. The Arch deacon recited in a loud voice, the decree of the council of Trent, regarding the profession of faith to be made in the presence of all prelates convening councils and presiding over their arrange ments. After this, all repeated the words of the pre scribed form of faith slowly and solemnly, and having made the usual promises to the Archbishop regarding their regular attendance during the suc cessive sessions of the synod, and their punctual discharge of the several functions annexed to their respective offices, the Archbishop, Bishops, and other clergy took their appointed places, and pro ceeded to the business for which the synod was convened. The session of the first day continued three hours. There was a solemn benediction of the most holy sacrament in the evening, and a ser mon was preached by the Rev. John M'Encroe, on the Apostolicity of the church, from the text of St. Matthew, "Behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world." This discourse was well designed by the preacher, as anxiliary to the sermon preached by the Rev. Mr. Coffey in the morning, on the Catholicity. As by tracing the course of christianity from its source in the city of Jerusalem, eighteen hundred years ago, down to the present time, when its fertilising waters flow through all the nations of the earth, Mr. Coffey showed the Catholicity of the church; so Mr. M'Encroe, by retracing the church's history back from the present day to the times of the apostles, clearly established the identity of the Catholic Church now, with the Church of the apostles, with whome as with their legitimate suc cessors, the Redeemer promised to remain "even to the consummation of the world." The second session of the synod began on the 11th instant, with.a solemn mass, in black vest ments. The Bishop of Hobart Town was High Priest, the Rev. Vincent Bourgeois Assistant Priest, the Rev. John Grant, Deacon, and the Rev. James Dunphy, Subdeacon. His Grace the Archbishop preached from the text of Maccabees. "It is a holy and a wholesome thought to pray for the dead."' He appealed, in the most feeling language, to the instinctive tender-heartedness and pious sympathies of his beloved clergy, and earnestly besought them, by every kind and tender consideration, to bear in continual remembrance at their prayers, the souls of their departed fellow labourers in this mission. In the subdued accents of funereal panegyric, his lordship proceeded to recount the sacrifices and estol the virtues of those good souls who generously forfeited their mortal lives for the sake of their Redeemer and his religion in this portion of the Lord's vineyard, and the unbidden tribute of his tears accompanied his affecting allusion to each of the four departed priests who have given their lives as so many holocausts of zeal on the altar of the Australasian mission. One was called away of a sudden-another was tried in the purifying furnace of lingering sickness-a third was taken to God at the very outset of his ministerial labours-and the fourth entered the rest of his Lord, after having served the church, fulfilled his mission, edified the faithful, and endeared himself to his brother mis sioners, by his retiring meekness, his unfeigned piety, and his characteristic suavity of disposition. In noting the different exits by which these excellent men terminated their lives and labours, the preacher traced, with graphic skill, the omniscient designs of an Almighty Providence. From the good Sisters of Charity also a pure and holy soul has been taken in the bloom of youth, in the meridian of sanctity, in the plenitude of her innocence. Like the pious Henock, she was judged too precious a gem to be expended in adorning the cheerless vesture of this rude and dreary world, and her soul was translated to the region of more kindred spirits. At a tender age, the Lord marked her for his own; he first rescued her from the midst of infidelity, and then plucked her in the early spring, like a sweet flower from amongst the uncon genial associations of weeds and briars. While thus the Most Rev. preacher eulogised the virtues of those who had gone before us, be forgot not to remind his hearers that still the duty is incumbent on us to send up our humble, constant prayer for their repose, for perfect though these souls appeared to us, still God may behold in them some shades of imperfection with that pene trating eye, which detects in the highest angels that which He can pronounce defective. The holy thought of praying for the deceased he further urged upon his clergy by the salutary consideration of thereby exciting themselves to a holy rivalship of of the eminent virtues which adorned those souls whose memory he so strongly recommended to their charity. "Oh, may I die the death of the just, and may my last end be like unto theirs." The Archbishop preached from his throne; his tears burst forth more than once during the delivery of his moving sermon, and tears of affection for departed worth bedewed the eyes of many of his hearers. At the end of mass on this day the same rites and ceremonies preparatory to the immediate busi ness of synod, were observed as on the previous day. The session continued four hours; the solemn Benediction was performed in the evening, and a sermon was preached by the Rev. Patrick Hallinan on the holy sacrament of the Eucharist. On the third day of the synod, September 12th, high mass was said as on the preceding days, the same forms were observed, and the last session was prolonged to four hours and a half. In the evening there was as usual the solemn Benediction. The Rev. Ambrose Cotham preached a short but comprehensive sermon on the unity and sanctity of the church. The Archbishop and bishops formally signed the decree closing the synod; the usual ac- clamations were chaunted from the altar by the archdeacon, and the responses given by the choir. The Te Deum was sung by the whole of the assistants, and the holding of the next council and synod having been appointed for September, 1847, the busines: terminated as it began by the Arch bishop imparting his solemn blessing to all who took a part in the proceedings of these three event ful days. Thus closed the first ecclesiastical council and synod of the Catholic church in Australasia. In this synod, measures have been taken, and rules adopted, for the preservation of the faith, and the advancement of christian morality. Wholesome regulations have been made for the greater uni formity of clerical discipline and the decorum of public worship. It remains for another and more competent pen to chroniole in detail the important transactions, the wise decrees, the counsels, cautions, and prohi bition which, on deliberation, this council of the clergy have been pleased to make their own, and to dignify by their formal sanction. For us it is suffi cient to have glanced thus cursorily at the leading facts in the history of the first ecclesiastical council and provincial synod of the Catholic church in Australasia -to have noted the perfect organisation this church has attained as evinced by this council and synod to have produced for the Catholic colonists sufficient motives for conceiving and cherishing a laudable pride in the prosperity of their holy religion-and to have proved that the Catholic church in these colonies, if it must be called an infant institution at all, cannot at least be denied to have all the per fect proportions of an infant giant, "exultavit ut gigas ad currendam viam." It hath exulted as a giant to run its course. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-FRIDAY:.-Tho Council met on Friday at the usual hour, but there not being a sufficient number of members present to constitute a house, the Speaker adjourned until Tuesday (yesterday). INQUEsTs.-On Monday last, an inquisi tion was heold at the Sportsman, public house, corner of Hunter and Phillip a reets, on the body of.a man which had been discovered floating near Fort Macquarie, on Friday last. From the evi deuce given, it appeared that constable Carroll's attention hbd been directed by two gentlemen to a, body floating near Fort Macquarie-and that on bringing it ashore, he found it to be the body of a young man of respectable appearance, appa. rently about twenty- five years of age and dressed in a colonial tweed coat, a yellow, waistcoat and dark trowsers, a pocket book, some penny pieces, a song book,, and a penknife, were found in his pockets. Every efi(rt was made with a ,iew of identifying the body, but in vain. The face had a bruised appearance, as if struck, by the force of the water, against the rocks. Alexander Gamack. Esq., Colonial Surgeon, having that death was caused by dro'wning. The jury returned a verdict of " found drowned, but how, or by what means, there were no evidence to show "-Anotherinquest was held at the " Labour in Vain" public house, Susseox-atreet, on the body of John May, aged 64 years, who, it appeared died suddenly in his bed at two o'clock on -Sunday morning. -Thomas John.. Markham, Esq., Surgeon,:certifled that'he had been called in about two o'clock on Monday niorning t o isit the deceased, whom he found labouring under severe apoplectic symptoms-that he bled him, but that he died during the operation. -the cause of his.death was apoplexy. The jury: returned a verdict of " Died by the Visitation of God." - SUDDEN DEATH.-On Saturday morning last, about eight o'clock, another of those melan choly deaths that have been of'ao frequent occur; rence of late took place in the "Brown Bear" lane. 'A man named Andrew Burns, a native of Tipperary, by trade a shoemaker, was taken so suddenly ill by a violent pain inwardly, that he expired in less than two hours. The deceased was a man of moral, sober, and industrious habits, and before he took ill was getting ready to go to chapel, to prepare for that World to which he has since been called. JEwISH FAST-DAY.-OOn Monday last, nearly all the Hebrews in Sydney had their places of business closed. We understand that it was the day of atonement, the most solemn day in the Jewish calendar, and generally known as the "White Fast." The synagogue was well attended by the members of both sexes, and the services were ably gone through. Maily country residents came to town on the occasion. We also hear that at Goulburn the Hebrews in thattuwnship and sur. rounding district met both on their New Year's Day and'yesterday, to celebrate their religious ob= servances -Herald. .. . . . _- . . . . ,,. . . . 