ECCE ITERUM CRISPINUS!I THE "HERALD." Wa were ii gieat, hopee last Wednesday that as the Herald evinced signs oftretur?i ing reason, he would leave off theology, unite with us in seeking to promote .the restoration of the Colony's prosperity, and permit our poor protegé, Popery, to "rest in peace," at least for a season: but we find out the truth of Pope's ninth beatitude, " Blessed' is the man that hopes for nothing; for he will not be disappointed." Yet we cannot say that we blame the Herald: we suppose it must be on Mr. Lowe's princi ple, that his organ of literary combativeness is so developed and 'so' exclted,'that he is driven by an irrisestible impulse to dog matise, and so to act As if divinity had catched The itch—on purpose to be scratched. and therefore it is that he rips up an already 'forgotten set of lectures,:.no doubt too, lest they should float down the stream of Lethe to some honest cheesemonger's, where they would be much more innoxiously employed in guarding from ill, the creature.comforts of butter, cheese, or slices of fat bacon, than as tho Herald seems deterrined they shall be in rousing up 'discord and religious strife: but diis 'cliter viurnm! and out their fame has come, celeborated in four tremen do~is oluthns of the Heraid / Had we 'a capenter's rulq, weo w'iuld measure hlowi many feet theii longitude extends, but thse paragraphs, are 25 iin'iuinber i all e of'lothai intent uiganst" Poper,. Poor Popery ! ej bhltery of 25 pietes of heavy artillery peurs its"fire upon thie ' Canst thou stand it; and live ? 'NrNo vjerrons. '" The first three we find loaded with blank cartridge" only, like Salmoneus's thunder, they do-but make a noise: let us try No. 4." He says, "'it is important that the hiembers of the Church of' England should'becomr acquainted with the' baseless character of the arrogant pretensions of the papal chair:" (We wont-mind the uncouth metalhor of ".the pretensions of the chair,") but look to the whole of these high-sound ing and awful words, which had we not the explanatory clue of bumpoloyy to account , for their eitiavagance, we should borrow a V word from.theie vopnianbard,-and say ? sgoi~ otwig. ;t SThey'are'ini the first'place, a begging of the question-an assumption of the very thing denied; and would suit Simon Magus, Ebion, Arius, John Bockholdt, or Joanna Southeott as well.. as ,a lecturer.of,the.Church of England-they prove any religion as a mueh as his. He calls these pretensions " arrogatt.' " Does he call the Queenfd' r pretensions- to.govern -her empire, "_ arro ' gatit?"': TheHerald. :ould, act more rati hI oially if' e t tacklled Christ hiniself, who a ?av.ea iglit.to thoae ".ieteniion,",,rathe. . than.that aged, holy,', and venerable: man, ,vho now sits in thephair: of Peter;. which pretensions are exactly the same, and no other, that have beej claimie'd by his ante S.essors from the Galilean fshermnanto him 'self, ;Gregory XVE,,now foriupwards of 1800 ears, and by 258 Popes.. 5.-AThe: Herald. fears ,we: shall make proselytes--Aye.l -Now we begin to see the . i'raramen of the thing ! O., these proselytes, iow they trouble the silken slumbers of erttimen, Yes, frieii 'Ieralt, we will pa ?o ??rselytei; p4id we. have mad em, a nd ur making hem,.. Not a.week ppass. In :the Colony that several persons do. not tetiare themselives Catholics: and bitter .' ,illas it'is tIceitain dignitiries, they 'must wallow. it; aye and that too without a 1..o~ntervailing:sugar plum (by way of bonne bouche).of a single Catholic deserting his religion for theirs! 6.--He thanks, the rev. 'lecturer for stir , ing up the question of these lectures : nei her are we afraid of their result°: they may rouse lnenh to reflect, and to examine even some of the:39 articles, and to enquire how ar they are based upon scripture, or even ppon common sense'? iAnd 'whence did nlueen Elizabeth or her parliament get a ppiritual power (not claimed even by Popes pr Councils) of.' framing new articles of fath ? Perhaps to ask what authority Sueen Elizabeth 'had to appoint Bishops ? r suppoping their .very doubtful ordi pation vwid, "whether 'the Queen could give them a mission and spiritual power to reach against that Pope and that Catholip huirch, from which alone they could have even their ,prdinatiop? .. Qr how. a Pope could give .for example a mission to "John rewell. or Matthew Parker to preach against Pielf? . Or, finally, to ask this scriptural pd pithy question as to the whole body of ,heir hierarchy- -rFHow. can they preach ex :ept theybe sent?, .With its instant and evitable,sequel, who sent Dr. Broughton exercise episcopal functions here ? We believe no King gives a commission o a general to.wage war against himself: hor does any historian say that the Ame rican Congress in giving General Arnold a commission in its seryice, authorised him to deliver up 'Crown-Point to the enemy: if. his be so, can the wildest imagiriation con reivp that thePope could'do in religion what would be insanity in human affairs ? 'We admit Dr, Broughton has a true mis pio6ifroni the crown of England, as a Bishop pf its Church, and as such, entitled to all due honourand respect, and all the emoluments' Pf his high station; but 'speaking Catholich we regard him ?s.to :spiritual authority, only ps a mere ian,"? . 7.-'The ability, research, and 'anxiety displayed in the lectures we fully admit : !' the '.truly Christian spirit," said to be admitted by the most intelligent Roman Ciatholic' community, we deny : we never hberd'of it, except from the Herald. b.- The' lecturer disclaims originality: well he may : his arguments were refuted and re-refuted, centuries before he was born. - . 9.-The lectures have, no reference to pre-eminence or state patronage: ' credat jadaus: let him whose ' faith is strong enough, believe it. . 10.-The. Bishop's. "-protest.' did: not •originate in jealousy, norr is it a contest or ptruggle ,for ,superiority.',. Perhaps so': then its fons at. origo is solely fraternal charity, a love for the'spread of the gospel, the promotion of virtue, and the, salvation of, souls. 11 .-This fraternal charity. here begins to. ,display itself, at least, in the..Reviewer. First, he ,begins by,. a-- miendaciuculurm, a Iword.politeness will not, allow..us to trans late, but we cannot blame him, for it is the conntiqpal-the.besetting sin, of Protestant-: isn--children call it fibbing. . 'What Pope, or where, or. when, has any Pope ever used the blasphemous expres sion, ' .that he holds the place .of the Re deemer ?" God is 'one-Christ is one truth is one--faith'is one-the 'Church is one-.unity, therefore,.:is one. of her most psential and inseparable qualities: to pre srye that unity.. inviolate, it was necessary tht there should be onse visible vicarial hcd of the Church on earth; and, as that nrchwas.to subsist through all.ages sd ap. it was foretold that there should be f?4e. ~elachers, (II.Pet. Il : 1 Tim.'I.V,1,:: .II Ti III, 0, 8) seesk, Gal, v. 20,,Jiere ,i; (Tit., III, 10,. Cor. XI, 19). it .was aecessary,in order, to guard against.them, th,Christs' Church, that is, tlhebody, of ptors united with their head,shoaliquld, not. by eir own,zbut by supernatural,and in fsed strength, be ugerring w~nesses to revaled truth, otherwise men would not be bound to obey her, but would, like as in the reformation, split into a thousand. sects each following tho ignus fatuus of its own private judgment, without a possibility of agreement, or of returning to any sort of unity,'each "discordant member ac knowledgingx o 'sUperior." The Herald says, 'the Queen's Majesty is uiindpr G4, the supremo' ruler of this reiarl *"'" as -elljin 'spiritual and ecote siasticeal tings, as in causes temporal. This'i5' :strbig 'ajiil appeahr?; plain. Wb, tliirofore, ?demanid'of the' Heraldi-we de mnand' iif' r.' 'Allivood-and 'wtith great' respect we diiaand'of" the Bishop of Aus. tialia to show a line in scripture, giving such pbower, or in 'any ancient father, or modern Catholl writer asserting it: if not, whence has Her Majesty got it ? If'Her Majesty hias it'not, how can she make Dr. Broughton Caatholic Bishop'of Australia'? inem'o dat quodnon habet. Legal and Pro testant BiBhop he surely is, as we have already said:' but' with his episcopal, au 'thority, his high 'rank,.hie titles,' his privi leges, his prerogatives, his honors, and stilll less, with his'sa~ary, Dr. Polding's spiritual autlhxrity, as ýrAix'ihop, no more interferes' porclashes,. then' it ýas with those of the IBishop of Lunariaa it there be one), or the man in the moon. Therefore, all the splendid bile of Mr. Allwood is wasted;- his arrows hit wide of the mark;-;his words and his lectures, on that point, go to be ludibria veniis-the sport of the winds. t"Is tlihe 'Heldso? igiioraitas not t kiinow that Christafter, his .re iurreetin ,gave a . commisason to his Apostlsdi these owds : (Matt. XXVI1I, 18) 'All power is given to :m in h i eiandu artli; .,~ o?? g, there fore, teach ye ALL oATIONSi, (omindsgentes) baptizing thenm in the' naine of t'he'ather, uiid of the Soii$ and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to' dbserve d?ll things what-' poever ;rhive comniianded you, and, lot 0 I pm with you. all ý days, even -to the coni summation'of 'thd~e world. ' " .These ,are the heavenly word? this the divine commission-in virtue iof :which, the successor's of Peter, (the frxe'ri Peter: iion 'Peter fred mry lambs- feed in, theep) \--',whetlier resident at Jerusalem, at An ioli, at Avignon, or at Romie, have always claimed, do ?ow claim, and ever will claim, uitil"the' consumnimation of ages, the right e lthiefpogir,,to appoint Bis3hops an every' region of the globe; wheresoever there are sNr-, .this placed'Cuder their. spiritual do inion,'as the princes of pastors; and this. .high' exists .in all its force, whether those inen be believers, or schismatics, or infidels,; and extends to every, empire, kingdom, and. btato ON EAoRTa, whether it's ruler holds the sword uplifted to smite, as did a Nero, Dioclesian, an Elizabeth, a Xogun in Japan, or as now in Tonquin ;-or whether a C'n itantine, or a Charlemagne, shields her under the olive branch; and only draws the swcrd against hei einemies. Christ ini giving this, hjis great commis? 9ion, said nothing of the limits of king donis, or the' boundaries' of seas, or of riVers: these are arbitrary and couiventioml landmarks': he gave the, ?riOLE HUMAN FAMILY as one, into the spiritual care of Peter and the other Apostles ; and as his Chiurch was to endiure thirough all time, of pecessity the samiie powers passed to their successors., These. successors, knowing ' vhence they had their power to teach, went not to Kings, or to Parliaments, or rulerss for it: they possess and do possess it from a power`nnirely ii?dependent, and infinitely superior to that .of iKings, who have only power over the bodies of men, but none over minds-nothing spiritual. The Royal' Conge d'Elire only extends to tem poral goods. .Popes and Bishops always will (and must) act as Peter did, when for bidden to teach, by the High Priest, and who replied, "we ought to obey God rather than man." Acts V, 29. Nothing, therefore, but the most wretched a ignorapce, could excuse that :ridiculously false assertion in the Herald, that in the appointment of a Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, " the laws of England are openly defied, and set at nought :" there is no law d against the appointment of a Catholic Arch bishop of Sydney: and although there were, as under a Dioclesian, an Elizabeth, Sr an Anne, yet the power of the successor f St. Peter wiasand is still tlhe same. He b pould and he did, appoint Bishops at times and in plaes~i here' niartyidomwitfa almist sure to follow, -and': nutwilhstandling the most severe and sanguinary edicts and laws. We tell the Herald-we tell the reverend lecturer--and we tell the Right Reverend Bishop of Australia, that the Catholic' a Church reeks not human laws, when op- j posed to the behests of her' divine master,; Christ's omnipotence would be of a curious sort indeed, if the decree of a Dioclesian, i or an Arian Genseric, or the act of parlia- b ment of a Henry VIII., or an Elizabeth, t could annul or. suspend its action. The "Herald .speaks of the "dominion' the Catholic Church claims over the whole Christian world;" we need not repeat' what we have said; of her commission and her claims.;. but this'we say, that shea neither claims, nor desires any dominion, i but one over the souls of men; but niot over. their- bodies,; their lands, their goods, their liberties, or their laws; nor does she claim nor desire 'that bbedience, by arms or by A compulsion, but solely by.n.mild and cha ritable persuasion: nor does she 'seek any obedience, but the "reasonable. obedience" of the understanding, actuated by'grace in stibduing to faith the affectiois of the heart. This ondily is the'dominion she claims.' As to' the 'unbecoming language of jcalling Dr. Polding the "head of his sect,"'. c it. is such a piece of ribald vulgarity, as only ignorance could: excuse:: a sect is i something cut off or separated (seco, Icut) ) and when a brantdh is lopped off 'from a' tee;, no man calls the tree the 'seta, or thing cut'off, but he does' the.' branh : it :is,itherefore, rather bold of the ilerald to' B call, the Catholic tree, rooted for 1800 c years, a "s iect," or so0nething cut dff from a the Chuirch of England. When the Ame rican colonies separated themselves from England, no. man but a madman would call England a "sect," or thing cut off from America. . . :After sqph. a piec.e f. arrogance, the Heriald .and, the lecturer may keep thieir boasted! good-feeling for their own use. l .-He 'talks of "Anglican Catholi- a cism;." Catholic means universal: where I was'the :univeisality when 'it was confined j to the breasts of Henry VIII and his friends 'a Cranmer and Cromwell.? Henry squeezed ( "Anglican Catholicity" into six articles:t Somerset and Cromwell, under his son Ed ward, stretched them out to 42: Queen t Elizabeth did not-like either creed, and she , pared down' "Anglican Catholicismn' to the i oiinous number, of, forty, save one:,and.as' to the" Anglican Catholicity" of their re ception by'" the English a leople; if fame spoeaks truly, not o wtiwentieth .:lart of the English pcopld'?ahlly bbleve the whole of them: Bevb'ril ' "'AiLli'ii liflblips" it is known did not :.' and even . Archbishop Magee ofDublin, although he believed the I( whlole 39, did not, he said when pressed by Dr. Doyle, believe each and every one. The Rev. Sydney Smith ies 'the most" An- a glican Catholic" we have heard of: for t when questioned hy his bishop, he said he' believed :not only the wirhole 30, but were i they 40,he should believe them. The Herald speaks of. " oppression in Spain, of .the Jews in Italy," &e.; &e.; It isenough to reply, that if he alludes to Es p tero, it appears that that execrable ty ralt of the people and of religion, has been eTelled Spain with the detestation he so jistly deserves: and as to the jews of An cola, it appears by a notice in our second pige, that the whole story was a vile fabri ction. But what shallwe say of that " Ca tholicity," which stoops to such means of difence as forgery and calumny? 183.-We may safely put into the same citegory, the .Schwitz and Zillerhal paerse citious, which we suppose most' have been firnished.by the Rev. Leander Van Ess, or sime other of -those lying vagabonds,e who lamboozle theEringlish people with actcounts' f the si'pead' of the gospel,. and RorIush enversions, ?through means of the bible, 1e. &c.;, to get money. tWe p'rdiiiised to give, aidive will give a piortbistorof b'the' inquisition: we shall iowtbihat it was and is. For the present e shall only say, ' that it was established xpressly to combat that Albigensian wick dness iow too conimon in Englanid, whence is transferred to Norfolk Island and else There, ai ozi which the Herald.was- lately o eloquent. By the bye,: the name of iLa nartine's poem, " Jocelyn," was introduced rather meal-d prop'os so soon after his 'Nor bilk Island descanti for both the episcopal iaines of "Joeelyn" and" Altherton" are unhappily too deeply connected with such tloings. The denial of the Scriptures to the laity in Catholic countries is quite in character; it is really so coarse a fable, that we shrink from naming it as it merits; for a reply, we say, look to Ireland I Look to the Pope's brief to Monsignor Martinii Arch bishop of Florence, prefixed to most Douay Bibles on his translation.of the Bible into Italian. Need we say more ? As to persecution ; kings, states, and empires, make what laws they like ;. some times anti-Christian, as by a bioElesian ; it other times, pro-,Christian, as those of a Constantine or a Charlemagne-sometimes anti-Catholic, as by an Elizabeth, or a Gus tavus Adolphus ; sometimes pro-Catholic, as 'by a Charles V., or a Louis XIV-all these monarchs made such laws as they deemed best for their several states. When a king or emperor persecutes anti-Catholics, is the Church the cause ? When they per secute heathens, as some liave, has it been done by order of the Church ? When a Louis XIV revoked the Edict of Nants, or a 'Mary'put to death her 'Protestant sub je"t, the Church had in reality no more to d6 in it, than in the sacking of Rome by the Catholic Emperor Barbarossa; or in its capture by the Constable Bourbon for Charles V. If the Emperors urge on the Ghibellini to wage war against the Popes for three centuries, the kind hearted calum niator; never bline them for that ! But if an emperor or king punishes any who op pose the Church's doctrine, -however out rageous their crimes against the state, Oh, people cry out, see the bloody Popish per secution! Queen Mary put Cranmer to death for his perjury and treason against her, 'and other most atrocious crimes; and Ridley for some almost as bad, with others of the same stamp ; and we hear nothing for three centuries but-Popish persecution by bloody Queen'iMary'l ':Elizabeth put many more innoent'. men' to deathi .than Mary did guilty, yet she is regaidea ??.o model of Queens I So much for historical truth! In like manner in France, the Guise faction on one side, and the Conde and Coligni on the other, made use of religion as a cloak (like our modern Whigs and Tories) for their violent ambition for power; and it appears that after the most cruel ravages 'by the Huguenots, burn ings, and slaughters : after murderous, battles'at Dreux, J.arnac, and .Moncontour, the-weak King Charles IX., terrified at the dangerous ambition of Coligni, ordered a inassacre of hil and his adherents, which' greatly exceedead the originial design, but'it suited the puirpoe of. the Guise party. However, thoulgh t was the work of faction and not of -eligien,' we seldom hear -of Popery, but yoe- heir of St. Bartholomew; and (ex. nzore)- nie-tenths of it pure fiction. Onc set of a-rthors make the slain 5,000; another 10,000: another 80,000; a fourth '7'0,000; and a fifth, 100,000. Now by the, returiis of the iministers of tlpe different towns, the total number was '786 persons. The candid Lin9ard admits that perhaps they were mote, but that if doubled, we shall fully have the number who fell in, that dreadful butchery ; a butchery condemned and execrated by all France, and by every Cathohlc who has since either' written or spoken ofit. Yet they still presume' tocAll it aPopish massacre. Queen Elizabeth's hangings and rippings up of men and of women-were very different: She made'a Church, made'herself its head'; she caused her Parliam'ent to enact 'her cr~iel,peial'law s; shieappointed the Judges, an~i thp Sheriffe,,who were tocxecuto her bloody, unnameablei'and most horrible batcher es! Thlswas altogether a perse cI.ionso:lply. for religon, urlike her sister's or any other in histoyd ,, . It were too long to quote the authorities ofthe.grceatest names who have,, in -:every age, illumincd the Churchl.on the question of persecution; we shall just give a few as a sample of all. ' ' \- TertUllia isays, nee religyionis, ea. cogere. religionem, que sapone asuscipi debet, non- i, cant et hostiwc ab asimo volentiex:postulentur. (Nor is it the part of religion to force men to embrace. her: doctrines, which must be received spontaneously; nor are converts to be made by compulsory means, since the offering must proceed'from awilling mind.) S1,t. HilaryopfPoictiers-"Godlhas taught us to knqow, him, but. has not compelled us to it: he hath given authority to his pre epts by commanding our admiration.of-his ivine works.' He wishes no constrained rofession. Were force emiployed to es ablisli the true, faith, our doctrine would ise against this abuse, and would. exolaim, God is the God of all men; he has no need of constrained Obedience'; he will not receivey a profession whiqh' the' heart dis avows; our business is not to deceive, but, to serve him: itis for our own 'advantage not' for' his, that we are bound to obey him." ... .. .on t o St. Augustin--" However great may be the evil which we wish them (the Donatlsts) ito abandon, or the good which we wish them to embrace, the labour of 'constraint instead of. instruction, is more troublesome than useful. ., '"Let those .rage againstyou (the Mani-\ ehees) who ate, ignorant of the difficulty of finding' out truth 'aid guarding against} error-Let those; rnge against you, who know not how rare and ,difficult it is for the serenity of a religious spirit to dissipate the darkness of the ,feah, and, pf thq ,unagi 'nation ' * 'in fine, let those rage .against you, who have never fallen into an error similar to what theyl'ay to? ydur ,charge,'" ,:St.? Chr..ostom-", ',It ,is not ':laiwul ,or .Christians 'to' oppose ,error by violete ;''it' is by discourse;T bya ildness,d gaoi-stasidr' ,that men must be brought to salvation.; Chridtian' Emtperors niever employed against you the punishments to' which we were exposed under the Princes of your 'reli gion." ' The sect of the -Priscillianists was the .first against which the, secular 'power armed itself with the sword, and the Church then showed how far it was removed from the spirit of persecution.: Pope Siricius, and' the holiest prelates of the "west, con demned" the severity' employed against, the' Priscillianists. The Bishops ithacius and Idacius, who had denounced them to the Magistrates, were condenaed in, the Council of Milan, in 890, and, in that of Turin in 401. St. Ambrose constantly re.i 1fused to admit them to his communion, and St. Martin. reproached himself during his whole life,' for having communicated. once with them, in order to save the lives of two innocent persons, whonm the tyrant Max imus wished to' destroy,' All these and many more that might be quoted, were eminent saints, and surely are as worthy of' credit (bearing testimony as to Catholic doctrine) as such a' heated polemic as Mr.. Allwood, 'or his panegyrist lhe Herald.: and seeing- the'cloud of wit nesses, and the array of facts against him, it is indeed drawing largely on his readers' credulity, to put forth 'such a mass of stale and oft-refuted assertions, of.which, for at least 'two centuries, the world is sick, all' except Biblicals, or evangelical miso-Ca tholics. " · , ?? ;15.--He professes his detestation' of" the errors and falsehoods of Popery ; and he talks' of the Council of Trent and the bible, 'but we shall leave any honest, can did reader, to' judge of 'his tergiversationl \--his 'asserting at one time=his denying: at another, of the same thing.. The bible must, doubtless,. (he says) be our primary source' of information;'" "though, not our. only-court of appeal-while' we' admit the sufficiency of then scriptures, we must not think lightly of the voice of antiquity, &c.;" i Why not speak plain. 'Are the scriptures the sole rule and guide to salvation, or are they not? If they are, why take another ? If they are not, then what becomes of your reformation:? What of. your. thirty-nine articles ? Why, they go to the winds ! We are very much inclined to think, if a witness in a court of justice would'pre varicate in a case'of' common larceny, as the Herald does in a case where the im mortal soulsof men are at stake, the Judge could order him into tuie dock.. We have not space to take, his whole ridiclous' mass 'of prevarication 'to pieces ; but we recommejnd the public td jiudge for tnemselves of paragraph 'l--beginning at tlhe words, ." whilst we expose the spirit of Popery." The Church of England avoids extremes, quoth the' Herald'-?we wonder all the Dissenters of England and'Scotland cannot see this juste milieu-this golden mean of his! Mr. Allwood "takes the 'concurrent. testimony of the Fathers. 'as the foundation of his argument." We' wonder how, the !ferald could' advance ,so utterly 'baseless' an assertion, whereas every man of the most common reading knows, that the linti. versal `voice of-thedFathers proclaims the, .Unity of th Ch.r~h, 'the" Uniity of 'the; Chair of iAuthority, and the pgreeieminence; of the 'See of the successors of St.' Peter; as was. clearly and' demonstrativeljyshewni by :Mr. Duncan, in his :three letters, on these lectures, addressed to Mr. Allwood and the Bislwp' at the time: but yin, vain floes he defeat them. Who ahame'sa seribblert' break one cobweb'thro'; ie splnthe alight slf.plealngthread anew. . e'Lroy hi? web or' fapbtry-in vaen I The oretutwe'' at his drty work sapin. '17.-The' Herald says..he .will- range himself under episcopacy; but Popish epis Copacy~he eschews. We 'wish him'ijoyjof his choice. - ',.:. 18-Contains nothing 'but 'a commion place assertion.' 19.-Again plain g,''fat , and lioose I "Restriction upon 'enquiry. has been. la inentably abused:"' "''unbdinded license'ls not without fault:anid'fatiil"~doiisequiences I" " We would not ~ithh'oldl' the, right of private judgment.' ".Yet.neither con science nor reason wouild' be sufficient of themselves to enrible"us' iightly 'to appre hend many .?ht?e?rii'and difflculties pro posed; to our, faith.in revealed religion." The only piece of truth or common sense in the wirhble iece of 'jargon 'is 'this '" Reason ihath its 'limits, blit 'withih those limitt;w.e _are? ihbunid toLoxercise it? -.No. dou?it: reason isi thp.;,khadmaid to faith: reason: can see, and weigh the, value 'of evi~lene,,'iwich a,teachler. sent from above brings, .whether. by miracles, or 'by lai~fhl mission: findinghim by the marks stamped by the 'Divinity himself, as'the teacher of ivine and incomprehensible,.truths, then eason yields obedience to faith, in- the octrine, so propounded-: which. being 'aove, our. -understanding, we. :arp 'not ound to understand.. This do, Mr. Herald, and'thou shalllive. 20.-Thlis.paragrnph contains theatandard ie (we cannot help it' at last, nor.:can'we o a milder word) of' all Canters, ,Ranters, Evangelicals, and Biblicals, through the wide jircuit of Britain's'domain, "W re ae ex pressly enjoined to search the Scriptures daily." Pray where, Mr.. Herald, are we onjoine?dit. Quote your authorityl You 1will perhaps say in the passage John v. 89. Is that your opinion? Had ,those words con spoken as. an, injunction, they would P avo been addressed'a a it inatrtdtlbn and aoinmand by our Divine Lord to his' dis-' ciplos ; and'as they arc (in Proteeant eyes). of 'solemin iinportanc, thcy shidctld naturailly' iaye occupied, a,;rery,pr9mipqnt ph'oe in is, discourses, : ,but, to whom ar. they tddressed ? ' to Jews .1-to'malignant ene-'. iles I And on what occasion ? Iii'argit-' ment I and in an argument too: ad hominiem as it ?.I 'called; ?that is, he says, Search the Script res (or ye search, for the Greek admnits eithen? tie imperative or indicative midde,-but 'let it he the imperative) Search 'the '8criituree,1ie says, for in them ye think ye hpae eternal life, and these, your Scrip. tures, are the books which testify of me I He does n9pt.even say; .for. .in.them .ye.fjnd,, .eternal life; or, ye have.eternal :life ; but in them ye think yehave eternallife ... And on this. sandy 'foundation,. .all rthe mighty _and .everlasting. ..declamation --is ,based, 'that?,;we hear. and read;-'and "hear and ,read 'again, 'til'l we' are stunned and weryfJ blthough it is no .command what... ever, nor even addressed to his disciples : but merely a'rel~rdachful argument against his adversaries. What a scriptural religion you advocate, "Mr. Heirald.: . ' S. But there is worse .behind... It is com molly asseited,, and .the 839 Articles pro iclaims ,itby Act, of Iailiament, ,that ,the " Holy Scripture contains all thlings 'ppces sary 'to' vion"- -anid that " no intumrs liou'ndiJieliele any thiing blitw'hat'is rehad therein.'".. , Now, Iwhere .are. these' words: read ,thereinl? .We challenge': the Herald;, 1Mr - Allwpod, aiye and Dr. Broughton `itith the w?hole of his clergy, to 'fild a .ingle, Iqrse in Scripture, which declares in ex ipress tems, ,that ',..iio un?;?s equireditc,, ,believe gsirequisiteito salvation,.aughtblut ,what- Ii read therein, -or:.:mayy-he proved' ;thereby." We'" 'dare.' `her? to attempt : Now what 'sall"Iwve -a¶y o6f a religion [based upon.nothiing'whaleoever, buta mere ¶Parliamentary assertion, contrary to the w~ritings: of.thst: Whole body of ancie't' Ifathers, so lauded 'by the Herald,'. rid' taking 'for the'.dle guide of action 'in' ar-' triving at faith, another most egregiou'i ifalsehood,. viz., :that Christ enjoined.-his, rdisciples to search the Scriptures .---Jo. V. 39. These remarks' may, ndo?doiubt, surprise pome; ;'they frsthrue nevertheless: Christtwas pot a fool to le~ve a living, speaking Church, to teach .authoritatively all' truth , to the 'nd of"tine'; 'and ??live Ithebible,- at the pame time, as ,supreme judge anid guide in platters of faith : nor was he 'a' tyrant' to leave a commandfpr all to arch ths~coripture, knowing that milihons-n every age could pot, having ,'bibles; 'and.if: they had bibles, hp~vig A,; arning. ,:, , the , Herald says, we are commended. !'to, search the. scripturis, ,'and to searclh them be, alli ankind is. Will the Herald assert' ,his ? Could -all iiaihkind read, "ever since our Saviour'waivs'on earth ? lWill the H&erald; be guilty of- the blasphemy of as-, perting' that Christ gave a command im-' possible to be kept ? We hope this.is enough. T The two assertions, both 9f the injunction of Christ, and our Sovereign Lady Eliza beth's assertion in her sixth article of reli gion, that "Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation," are pure and absolute inventions, or as the polite Italians say, GOOD 'I'ROTESTANT 'MENTITE; we hate the English name, it is so coarse. 21.-A little elegant blarney .to the lecturer. 22.-Ditto still "stronger; including the' " protest" in' the' blarney. 23.---Contains" the Bislhop of Llandaff's ppinion; (we'dare say'his 'TIordship's' seo is?.. not a very.poor.one) and Paley's Prophecy of the 'past, and his "'Popery was sunk:" poor Popery I! how is it she'has risen again ? and .poor Paley is sunk himself! 'How are the mighty fallen' ' " ' ' 'We cannot, although we are getting sick of the canting. drawl, omit. ,one -passage---' " It was to set' Christianity free from 'tis weight~ and 'restoreit to its original -buoy: ancy," (i.e. subject it to. a ,supreme: ead~ such as Henry VIII or, George IV, and have' the Congs dd!.Elire of,its Bishops,; directed by' M'ignons .and - Mignonnes-by: royal sycophants and mistresses) " that , it miglt agaii' float uipbori th'i 'waters, acd become the Ark of Salvation to a sinful world, that, our refortiers engaged. `in their holy work. . , If.tIe abolishing, a, pure, loly, and'vene-l ible 'religion illustrated .by .the.virtues, of Saints, and Sages, and Martyrs, for upwards: Of /1500 years ;' by: the: foulest, 'basest, and most abominable means;' and substituting'a hew, and beifore ~iihcard of system of {boctrine, which neither its' authors, nor hny man since their-daiy, can understand;, and'tiis' done l' th 'moet rapacio~is, un princip!ed, and. execrable. set of viUiians, that ever' disgiaee d 'the'page bf history, or, the nnane of mailn: if thiis be a "holy.work? ' he it so: gyciamat anmt.: we donot .now qicarrel with it": :,od:has .permitted it: it is done :it is un faitl-accompli : The speaking of'.t atall, I niot ouir chdice it ii xorcxed'upon'us 'ih??nlf- difence. ' ' . '" 24.---He says, the. right namesaought.tot be given to things:' We have .done so'with' il' the deeney'possibl, eivei to :the us' o 25.-Thee poor I'erad whihies for the · loss f f'thi ane nae 'Cahoio. "?+la, pooi IH era? ' Tlhere are, mapy .persons~'wiho, ~egrMt he loss of a: name.: Ibutrthose 'who' !light; the. virtue, iust b' bcontnt to lose its name. Long before the reverend' lee turer tauglit a ongst us, certain parties who had lost the name of Catholic.(with the'faith of such), willhed to get:it; 'Tfo'br in' the 4th century. St. Cyril' of 'Jeriisalem, cemarked, ":all heretics, desire to 'be ?calledm batholies, but notwithstanding, if a stranger aeks one: of'thom: 'which is the Catholic Church, not :onerwill,point' out his own to Noriindee'd cali' we think,; if' a'Clilnese, a. ]j'renchman, should ask the Herald, rpreYnMr. Allwood, in Sydneywhich was the Catholic Church 'that either of :thein ould'be'ao uncandid orso silly as' to pbint outSt. James's, and not St. Mary's. Frieoid Herald you have lost the thing, and must, e content.to.lose the name with it. We have thius waded through the four ong columns of the Ierald's review, but hidh i' irn reality a very unwarrantable ttack uipon what 'he clearly knows :little. bout -the Catholic doctrine. Many por ions'ofit we were obliged by our limits 'to omit',the principal hits, we imngine, have abounded on the aggrossor. One point of rstigross miesrepresentation we ond we. ave omitted-viz., his asserting that.thoe early fathers are on 'the tide of Mr. All ;ood ' the testimony of those fhthers on the contrary, unanimoiosly'sustAtih the primsky of'the :8ee30faRome ý pcpeB s.'rfttlrlýi'n Mr. Dtmonn's letters: ' In' toholuion; , ''' ' "i make.; tone ~earl;.tlih;if. all' which: a`ihe .Brald ,haI said were true,t(as werhave shew'n'it' is'not)' it provert ot 'a : tittlei for 'the? Cli'tioli6ý f Eng1antl; ;it woiil as well prove Mani cheism, or Mormonism,' or Deism, or Mohammedism, (indeed-that shrewd Arab,' Mohammed, based his religion on the very same ground as the Herald, viz., that all Churches had erred) 'as ' Anglican Catho licism." Now it is, we believe, "an axiom in dialectic,'- that what proves too much proves nothing ; therefore we fear for Mr. Allwood, that after all, his lectures-will go to the. dreaded cheese-monger, that finisher' of the works of so many previout candidates for posthumous honours. 