ESflGRATION TO NEW ZEALAND. Our own partialities, as we have several times stated, are in favour of the Canatlas (or emigrants. There are all the advantages of settled country and British Institutions—in fact, it ii England under another parallel of latitude. Still much may be said in favour of other settlements, and as far as climate is concerned, more favourable than of the Canada;. In this view New Zealand may be regarded, and as the great body of agricultural labouring emigrants are happily not burthened with any abstract ideas of home beyond the connection of family tics they cannot do better, in a general point of view, if they must emigrate, than to make New Zealand the countiy of their adoption We are induced to make these remarks front having had placed in our hands the letter of a labouring man, an emigrant to New Plymouth, in New Zealand, namt;d William Batten, addressed to Mr.T. Priggs, maltster, Henicy-upon-Thames. His letter is dated August 16th, 1843. He left Plymouth on the 3rd of September, 1842, in one of the best class of emigration ships, and describes the usual events of a long voyag-e. On the whole, he says they had a tolerably pleasant voyage, very little sickness, and no death at all. His children were all well. There was a great number of children on board, who played on the decks with as little fear, and almost with as much ease as if at home. There was good bedding-and plenty of room, music and singing in the evening, nnd divine service lour times a week. They came in tiew of the south end of the southernmost island of Netv Zealand, on the 1st of Januaty, 1843, touched at Port Nicholson for eleven days, and arrived at New Plymouth, alter being on the water twenty weeks and one night This long voyage, as compared with one of but little more than as many days to Canada, is a most important point of consideration {ov the intending emigrant. William Batten writps, in his plain manner, of the land as being " the finest in the world, enough for thousands of large farms, of easy working mould, and may be worked wet ot dry ; it is also easily cleared. The country is full of rivers and springs of good water; it is excellent land for corn of all sorts; potatoe crops are very large, and ali sorts of vegetables are very fine; there is not a btamble, thorn, or .thistle in the country ; there are no kind of reptiles, or wild ani. mals (except pigs ) The natives are a tail, stout race of people, very honest and simple minded. Of tin; prices of provisions, he says, potatoes are £3 per ton, flour two shillings a gallon, pork Ud. per lb. sugar 3d. Tea grows here in abundance.'' Provisions were expected to be very cheap the ensuing winter, owing to the great extent of I<tnd sown with corn and potatoes. The natives grow great quantities of vegetables, which they sell cheap ; and the native will also swap a pig of eight score for a blanket. To this notice of the simplicity of the excannibal, the writer adds naively—" ihe natives are more harmless than children, and have received the light of the gospel wonderfully ; I often ask them if they love Jesus Christ—they'l answer ' quea pan yatdpurang, Jesus Christ the Holy Ghost meaning 'I love Jesus Christ the Holy Ghost.' Land may be bought at thirty shillings an acre. Batten had got a few acrcs and a good timbered house ; his house rent had been eight shillings a week—a small sum compared with what it is in other new colonies. He has a garden and a river at the end equal to the Great Bridge river (the Test near Romsey) he ha3 planted half an acre, and would plant two acres the last spring. (We suppose this is while he is working at weekly wages for a colonist.) Clothing is dear; all kind of spirits are about tbc same as in England. His desc.iptions of the celestial phenomena, inversion of seasons, &c.;, are very curious. He notices a " wonderful comet that appeared in March." We are favoured with a memorandum from n correspondent, dated " Sochelles, March 10," in which he Bays— " Within the last few days, a comet of great size, extending in length over about fortyfive degrees of the firmament, lias been visible here, exciting considerable fear and astonishment amongst the natives." On the whole William Batten's letter is a cheerful one—he is obviously " getting on,'" and will probably, from the condition of a labourer, elevate himself to that of a small colonial farmer. This is a tempting prospect to -any man who has youth, aud industry, and good morals on his side, as there are various ways in which societies and government will assist his passage; the fortunate labourer is he who has money to pay itis passage, and purchase a tract of land when lie arrives out. As a practical guide this letter is worth all the puff prospectuses the laud- jobbers have sent out for the lust six years.— Is there a word in the English language which contains all the rowels 1 Unquestionably tbero is. Hampshire Advertiser. 