To the Editor of the Hobart Town Courier. MR. EDITOR, You are a Churchman, and will not, therefore, refuse admission to the few lines I now send you in defence of our venerable mother, I am astonished at the apathy of so many of her children, and that the activity and zeal of the non-conforming sects have not aroused them to greater courage to defend, and diligence to disseminate, the knowledge of their principles and practices. I have reason to believe that this arises from their own ignorance of what they professedly believe. If it be not so, why is such an outcry raised whenever the name or sentiments of Dr. Pusey and his coadjutors are mentioned ? That nonconforming schismatics should be thus affected is not to be wondered at since they possess an inveterate dislike to the Established Church ; but with what consistency they who conform to the standards of the Church, and recognise the validity of its Ordinances, denounce the men who profess their own principles, and act in accordance with their profession, I am at a loss to conceive. That Dr. Pusey and his disciples are entirely Episcopalian, will not, I presume, be denied. Why, then, are they to be discarded by their brethren P Is it because they maintain the Apostolical succession of the Clergy ? Who does not know that the Bishop claims the right to confer the gift of the Holy Ghost on the candidates for the Ministry? This right has been claimed and exercised for a long succession of ages. If Dr. Pusey has been the instrument of bringing it into more general notoriety, he surely should not be unchurched for this. Puseyites perfectly agree with the Church on the subject of baptismal regeneration. They teach that in this sacrament, administered by a duly ordained Priest, every child is justified, sanctified, and saved ; or in the plain and' expressive language of the Catechism, " is made a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven," Puseyites also agree with the Church on confession to the Priest, and Priestly Absolution. They pretend to no more than every Minister of the Church who uses the Visitation of the Sick service. They each and all employ these words " by His authority committed unto me I absolve thee from all thy sins," ye. Are Dr. Pusey and his fellows inconsistent Churchmen on this count P Puseyites agree with the Church on the subject of the Eucharist. Is it not called in the Homilies " a marvellous incorporation of the body and blood of Christ," and does not the Catechism teach that this body and blood are verily and indeed taken by the faithful in the Lord's Supper? Dr. Pusey believes this; is he, therefore, an inconsistent Churchman ? Another subject on which Puseyites agree with the Church is on the necessity and advantages of Confirmation. They believe it to be an essential prerequisite to membership and communion, and hesitate not to affirm respect- ing all that may come to them for Confirma- tion that they are regenerated and forgiven. Bishop Nixon, the other evening, appeared to speak somewhat slightingly of this ceremony > at least, he did not assign it that prominence in his lecture, nor defend it in that way which would would make it appear that he thought it of any great importance. This is not the course adopted by Dr. Pusey, who is on this subject as consistent a Churchman as F. N. Tasmania. Puseyites agree with the Church on the subject of tradition, and the authority of the Fathers and Councils. The necessity of appealing to tradition to sustain the divine right of Episcopacy, and to support many of the ceremonies of the Church, is obvious. The Apostles have not been so explicit in respect to some parts of discipline as they were on those of doctrine. It may, therefore, be supposed that they would communicate much by word of mouth to their early converts. Of this fact the Church of England has availed herself in many instances; Dr. Pusey does the same. He has, perhaps, been more strenuous than his brethren ; but he has only been more faithful to his principles; is he not, therefore, more consistent? The last particular which I shall cite as illus- ! trating the perfect agreement between Dr. Pusey and the Church is that of fasting, fasting and saints' days. The majority of Churchmen care but little for these things. Not so the Puseyites. The heads of the sect are noted at Oxford for their rigid observance of the fast and saints' days, and in this respect ought to shame their more luke- warm brethren. I should not, Mr. Editor, have troubled you with this communication, but since my arrival { here I have observed that the Puseyites are unjustly condemned by their conforming brethren for fairly and grammatically expounding the Prayer-book, the Canons, and the families of their own sect, Bishop Nixon, in his lectures now in course of delivery, seems inclined to run away from some of his professed and subscribed principles and I am surprised that none of his Clergy, particularly the Clerk of St. George's, whose Work on the Ministry displays so much learning and research, has not ventured more boldly to defend and avow the principles which on some occasions they profess. Having then, Sir, thus ventured single-handed to deal some measure of justice to a powerful and rapidly increasing party in the English Church, and proved that they are perfectly consistent with all and everything in the book of Common-prayer,-I remain, Sec, SIGMA. I regret much that unavoidable circumstances prevented my hearing the sermon delivered by Mr. Fry at the Ordination of Mr. Forster. From what I have heard respecting it, it must have tended much to the edification of true and consistent Churchmen, and to the discomfiture of their enemies. 