THE ATHANASIAN CREED. We regret to find that in a slight criti- cism of the last number of the Odd Fellows' Magazine, we should appear to have as- tonished and oflended Dr Ulrich Hubbe by our remarks on the Athanasian Creed, which, as appears from his letter in onr last he considers as an unjust attack upon the merits of a monument of Christian antiquity, and as being of a destructive tendency. Our zealous Doctor is not, it seems, at the mo- ment at leisure to show the injustice and destructive tendency of our remarks, but proposes to return to the subject at our convenience. We trust the Doctor will not class us with trembling Felix, if our 'con- vetiient season' be like his— sine die. The good Lutheran must admit that a newspaper is not a proper vehicle for religious contro- versy, and we should not have returned to this subject, but that it seems necessary to protect ouiselves from the imputation of our remarks being calculated to do injury to those those who have not the means of instruction, or leisure to examine the ground of them.' These remarks were, that 'the creed attributed to Saint Athan- asius whilst it is still opposed by many, is received by others as an ill-judged if not somewhat arrogant attempt to define an undefinable, and as itself express it, incomprehensible subject as the foundation of that Catholic faith, without which there is no alternative but everlasting perdition.' Now, whilst we, of course, omit the Unitarians, we think all experience will bear us our, that this creed has been and is both opposed by some Trinitarians and received by other Trinitarians as an ill- judged attempt at definition, where defi- nition, from the unsearchable mystery of its subject, must inevitably fail. Indeed the direct opposition is naturally and ne cessarily founded; first, upon this very ground ; and, secondly, upon the objec- tion, that the definition is not consistent in its parts. The Doctor does not, of course, claim for his Saint the infallibility of inspiration. He must admit the creed to be a mere human composition ; and that whether written by the Father him self against Arius in the fourth century, or by later disputants, it bears the clear impress of a controversial production, particularly in exerting the too ancient and yet subsisting practice of damning all those who do not agree to it. Let the Doctor compare this fiery an- athema with that creed which, with proper deference to its simple truth and Christian humility, is termed ' the apostolic,' and which, as regards the Godhead, is content in humble piety and devout faith to con- fess God the Father, Jesus Christ His only Son our Lord, and the Holy Ghost. Does that creed 'rush in where angels fear to tread ?' Attempt to tear aside the veil of the inscrutable Trinity, and pro- nounce damnation upon those who refused to join in the assault ? No. We shall not close our. future columns against the worthy Doctor, but we think we do right in declining for ourselves any further discussion upon the subject. 