JEREMY BENTHAM. [From the Edin'urgh Review.] "Bentham was no respecter of per-<*> sons among his own species. He had outlived his wish to be taken notice of by lords, and had gone as much into the cosmopolitan extreme. In the ex citement of 1831, he busied himself with the formal ion of a Parliamentary Candidate Society. Mis selection of the light man at an election does not seem to have been his forte. Abroad, he had been voted a French citizen by the Legislative Assembly. The only use he ever made of his franchise was, at the time, genevously to protest' against their proscriptions, and after wards to vole Bonaparte consul for life. It was as good as a comedy to hear what candidates he recommended. He was particularly desirous lor the nomi nation of Rammohun Roy, the Hindoo reformer, a half- casttt and a negro. It must not be supposed that he sought to put into the Commons' House anybody he was unwilling to see in his own. Here is one of his private dinner par lies —' I should like to invite a Yankee and a Negro, a lord and a begger to my table.' As to lords he said,' Those who live with them, and by describing (heir doings, and looking at their titles, pretend to know what they arc, know only what they say. I, who might have lived with them, and would not live with them, and who neither know nor care what they say, know (and without living with them), what they think.' Theiv was nothing he could not at ence believe of ' the hirelings of the law—purchasable male prostitutes.' The higher they got, the worse only they were. He mentions as a curious fact (' one to beat the heads of the lawyers with, when (hey talk of com mon law and virtuous judges'), that he had discovered, among the statutes of the reign oi Henry VI., that the judges of that day had laid a plot for getting all the land in the kingdom (like the priests), by outlawing whom they liked. Priests, of course, are not to expect to be in better odour with him. ' Once upon a time, in Westminister Hall, a man whose object was to be hired to give false tesliniony, used (says a cur rent story), to make known his purpope by walking to and fro with a straw in his shoe. In every Kstablished Church, the sacerdotal habit of a priest is the straw in the shoe.' * * * • • • * " All Bentham's tastes, excepting music, were of a grave kind. As to poetry, his own account of the matter is, that he never read it with enjoy ment ; and he told young ladies it was a great misapplication of their time. When he admits, therefore, to having read Milton, 'the prince of poets,' as a duty—the duty, we must suppose, was an obligation on him, not as an utilita rian, but as living in a house in which Millon once.had lived. The' Paradise Lost* had only frightened him as a child. As to pictures, all he remem bered about a famous day with his father and Sir Joshua Reynolds was, that there was a great talk about paint ing, and about his painting; but 1 knew nothing about painting, and cared no thing about him. His Una I remem ber sitting in a queer posture, and with out a chair.' As to scholarship, some hopes might, at first sight, have been entertained of him, from his preference of Greek to Latin; but his reasons for this preference are the reasons of an idle overgrown schoolboy—namely, the readiness with which the Greek exple tives had come to his aid when he had been writing verses. He had a consi derable contempt for classical auti r.uity; while the antiquarianism of modern history ranked no higher with him than as the natural resource of aristocracies. 11 would seem, therefore, that his own catalogue of literary plea sures was not extensive. " Benthain was ot a sanguine nature —dying in harness, and confident to the last. His vocation followed him even into his sleep. ' When lam in good health,' he said, ' I dream that I am a master among disciples.' These dreams by night were the natural ex halations of his dreams by day. He had made up his mind, not only that he was to legislate for the statute-book of the United States, but ior their public opinion tribunal also; so much so, thet he reckoned on succeeding in putting down 'their cardinal vice' of duelling. In 1829 he gave the Duke of Wellington to understand that he wa6 so far known and heeded there, that if he lived two years longer, or at the utmost three, he should be very much disappointed if he had not stayed that plague. In this, as in many other instances, an ignorance of human nature was at the bottom of Benthain's over confidence. Dr Bowring says that his bashfulness clung to him through life like a cold garment; and ' that there was never a man so desirous of shun ning others, unless some strong sense of duty subdued his natural tendency to seclusion.' We could not wish for a slronger example than he himself has afforded in his own person, of the many disadvantages that must follow from sending mankind to Coventry in this manner. To know people you must live with them, and observe the many causes by which even our most reason able expectations are constantly de feated. " Bentham lived beyond the ordi nary age of man, and latterly in almost uninterrupted good health. For (he last half of his life, his easy circum stances enabled him to satisfy not only all the simple wants his philosophy ac- I knowledged, but many of his projects i ofutililaiihu aggrandizement. He was a great thinker on great subjects; and j might have been a great wit but for his passion for caricature, and his reso lution nut to be bullied out of liberty of (astc by the literary tyrrany of your Addisons ami Swifts. The zeal of his disciples placed him in quiet possession of the pleasures of a most fertile au thorship without much of its drudgery. He poured forth his thoughts on paper, and stowed I hem away as fast as they 4yere written off; while intelligent be lievers in his Written Word translated his manuscripts into French and Eng lish, and volunteered the labour of re vision, redaction, arrangement, and publication. " We have heavd of dramatic writers of considerable inventive genius, but with little playwright talent for the construction of an active play, who nevertheless wearied of the popularity of the closet, and were alway hanker ing after the reclamations of the stage. In the same manner, Bentham was un easy as long as he was a legislator on paper only—a sense of uselessness pressed heavily upon him. In 1801, he wrote to Sir William Pulteney—' It never happened to me to receive even the smallest reason for expecting that anj thing from me would, in my own life-time at least, be of any use.' In ISOB, he transmitted to Lord Holland what he called his caliGcate of no thingness. In his latter days, we are told he would often say—' I have done nothing; but I could do something- I am of some value. There are mate rials in me, if anybody would but find it out. 1 feel like a cart or a dog that is used to Le beaten by everybody it meets. 1 " Such depressing language from a man so eminent, and^in the heydayof his fame, sounds to us even stranger than his humiliation at the obscurity out of which Lord Shelburne had once raised him. Unless he could see himself a legislator in the actual exercise of his authority, and grateful nations sitting under (he shadow of his laws, he was weak enough, it seems, to feel he had done nothing. It is satisfactory, how ever, to learn that he succeeded, even on this view of the case, in balancing his account, by drawing on posterity for a liberal indemnity. When the spirit of prophecy came upon him, and he looked into the future, he saw a different sight—the earth and its rulers at his feet. ' Twenty years aftei I'm dead,' he exclaimed,' I shall be a des pot, sitting in my chair with Dapple in my hand, and wearing one of the coats I wear now.' If these visions oi benevolent despotism contributed to his happiness, we hope they frequently passed before him. '• Bentham would have preferred the glory of coming back, once in every hundred years, to witness the progress of his opinions; but, as his riper judg ment had exorcised his imagination of its faith in ghosts, this was not a pro ject to be relied upon. He was obliged, therefore, to put up with the nearest, approximation he could think of to a posthumous participation in his fame. As usual with him, a love of mankind, and an admiration of himself, went hand in hand in his object and its details. The first thing to be dens, was to collect and enshrine his written wisdom —the spirit of the inner man; for this, nothing more was needed than a complete edition of his writings, and a memoir of his life. It is (o di rections to this effect that we owe the voluminous publication mentioned at the head of this article. So far, his preparations for immortality are not unlike what other people might have made—at least such authors as are for tunate enough (o leave behind them assets sufficient to command a printer. " But Bentham was far too original (o stop here. We have observed on his bvffa humour for mixing the serious and ludicrous .together. The Venetian gentleman, who gave directions for tying crackers to the weepers of the mourners, and amused his deathbed by imagining the confusion into which, when they went off, they would throw his funeral, is the most suitable com parison that occurs to us—the image of Bentham almost superintending the stuffing of his own body, entertaining his visitors by taking out of his pocket the eyes which were to adorn it, and pleasing his fancy with the part he was to take (a silent guest,) with Dapple in his hand, at the great utilitarian festi val on Founder's day. There is some thing to our mind of the philanthropic ambition of a Howard, and the comic vivacity of Punch—a vivacity irrepres sible even by death—in his testamen tary instructions upon this subject. He ordains by will that the form of his outward man should be kept to gether, and preserved (as far as science can preserve our poor anatomies) in the attitude in which he sat when en gaged in thought—his black coat, chair, and staff as usual; and he suggests that his disciples should meet, once a year or ofteher, to commemorate the founder of the greatest happiness sys tem of morals and legislation, on which occasion his executor is to wheel him in, to be stationed in such part of the room as to the assembled company shall seem meef." 