BLUEBEARD'S GHOST-TFÏE WIDOW WHO DID AS WIDOWS WILL DO. [CONCLU DEp FROM OUR LAST.} SHE pronounced the Coddlins with a wither ing sarcasm that struck the Captain aghast ; au«i sailing out of the room, she left her tea un tasted, and did not wish either of the gentlemen (¿nod night. To be so ardently, passionately loved as she was, to know that Frederick had twice plunged into death from attachment to lier, was to awaken in her bosom a " thrilling string" indeed ! Could she witness such at tachment and not he touched by it ? She was touched by it-she was influenced by the virtues, hy the passion, by the misfortunes of Frederick; I>ut then lie was so abominably ugly that she could not consent to become his bride ! She told Dr Sly so. " I lespect and esteem your nephew," said ; " but my resolve is made. I will continue faithful lo that blessed saint, whose monument is wer before my eyes'' (she pointed to the church yard as she spoke). " Leave this poor tortured heart in quiet, lt has already suffered m te than most hearts could bear. I will repose under the shadows of that tomb until I am called to rest with him-to rest by the side of my 13lu beard !" The ranunculuses, rhododendra, and polyan thuses, which ornamented that mausoleum, had somehow been su tiered to run greatly to seed during the last few months, and it was with no slight self-accusation that she acknowledged this fact on visiting the '* garden of the grave," as she called it ; and she scolded the beadle roundly for neglecting his duty towards it. He promised obedience for the future, dug out all tiie weeds that were creeping round the family vault, and (having charge of the key) entered that awful place, and swept and dusted the me lancholy contents of ihe tomb. Next morning the widow came down to break fast, looking very pale. S,le had passed a bad fiiiihl ; site had had awful dreams; she had .benn: a voice call her thrice at midnight. " Pooh,! my dear, it's only nervousness.''said sceptical sister Atme. Here John Thomas the footman entered, and said (he beadle was in (he hall, looking in a very strange way. rle had been about the house since daybreak, and insisted ou seeing Mrs Bluebeard. '* Let bim enter," said that lady, prepared for some gr« at mystery. The beadle came in ; he was pale as death; his hair was dishevelled, and his cocked hat was out of ordor. '. W hat have you to say ?" said the lady, trembling. Before beginning', he fell down on his knees. Yesterday," said he, " accordiug to your ladyship's orders, J. dug up the flower beds of the family vault- dusted the vault, and-the collins (added he, trembling) inside. Me and John Sexton did it ^together, and polished up the plMe quite beautiful." Vor heaven's sake don't allude to it," cried the widow, turning pale. " Well, my lady, 1 locked the door, came away, and found in* my hurry - for I wanted to beat two little boys that were playing at marbles on A Mercian launch's monument-I found, my lady, I'd foi »ot my cane. 1 couldn't get John Sexton to go hack with me till this morning, and what do you think [ found ? I found his honor's collin turued round, and the cane broke in two. Here's the canei" " Ah4" screamed ihe widow, .« takß it away -take it away." " Well, what does this prove," said sister Anne, " but that somebody nipved the coffin, and broke the cane ?" " Somebody ? whose somebody ?" said the beadle, staring round about him. And all of a sudden he star ed hack with a tremendous roar, that made the ladies scream, and all the glasses on the sideboard jingle, and cried «* That's thc man !" He pointed to the portrait of Bluebeard which stood «iver the jingling glasses on thc sideboard." " That's the man I saw last nighi walking round the vault, as I'm a living sitmer J saw him a-walking round and round, and whee I went up to «peak with hun, J.'m blessed if he didn't go in at the iron gate, which opened afore h f», like winking, and then in at the vault door which, Td double locked, my lady, and bolter] inside, I'll take my oath on it!" " Perhaps you had given him ¿he key ?" sug gested sister Anne. " It's never been opt of my pocket. Here i is/' cried the beadle, <* have no more to d< with it;" and he flung down the ponderous key, amidst another scream from Widow Bluebeard. "At what hour did you see him?" gasped she. *' At twelve o'clock, of course." "lt must have been at that very hour," said she, " I heard the voice/' *« What voice?" said Anne. '* A voice that called 4 Fatimi ! Fatimi ! Fa titni !' three times as plain as ever voice did." " It didn't speak to me, said the beadle ; " it only nodded its head, and wagged its bead and beard. ' «* W-xv-was it a bl-uebeard ?' said the widow. " Powder blue, ma'am, as I have a soul to save !" ! Dr Drench was of course instantly sent for. But what are the medicaments of the apothecary in a ca^e where the grave gives up its dead ? Doctor Sly arrived, and he offered ghostly-ah! too ghostly-consolation. He said he believed in them. His own grandmother had appeared to his grandfather several times before he mar ried again. He could not doubt that superna tural agencies were possible, even frequent. *' Suppose he were to appear to me alone," ejaculated the widow, " I should die of fright." *' The Doctor looked particularly arch. " The best way in these cases, my dear Ma dam," said he-" the best way for unprotected ladies is to get a husband. Í never heard of a (irst husband's ghost appearing to a woman and her second husband in my life. In all history there is no account of one." '* Ah ! why should I be afraid of seeing my Bluebeard again?' said the widow; and the Doctor retired quite pleased, for the lady was evidently thinking of a second husband. " The Captain would be a better protector for me certainly than Mr Sly," thought the lady, with a sigh; "but Mr Sly will certainly kill himself, and will the Captain he a match for two pho-ts ? Sly will kill himself; but, ah! the Captain won't;" and the widow thought with I pangs of bitter mortification of Dolly Coddlins. ' How, how should these distracting circumstances be brought to an end ? She retried to rest that night not without a tremor-to bed, but not to sleep. At midnight a voice was heard in her room crying" Fatima ! Fatima! Fatima !" in awful accents. The doors banged to aod fro, the bells began to ring, the maids went up and down stairs skurrying an<l screaming, and gave warning in a body. John Thomas, as pale as death, declared that he found Bluebeard's yeomanry sword, that hung in the hall, drawn and on the ground ; and the sticking-plaster miniature in Mr Bluebeard's bedroom was found turned topsy- turvy ! " It is some trick," said the obstinate and incredulous sister Anne. " To nigkt I will come and sleep with you, sister." The night came, and the two sisters retired together. 'Twas a wild night. The wind howl ing without went crashing through the old trees of the old rookery round about the old church. The long bedroom windows went thump - thumping ; the moon could be seen through them lighting up the gc aves with their ghastly shadowy; the yew tree, cut into the shape of a bini, looked particularly dreadful, and bent and swayed as if it would peck something off that other yew tree, which was the shape of a dumb waiter. The bells of midn ght begau to ring as usual, the doors clapped, jingle -jingle-down carnea suit of armour in the hall, and the voice came and cried - " Fatima ! Fatima ! Fatima ! - look, look, look-the tomb, the tomb, the tomb." She looked. The vault door was open, and there, in the moonlight, stood Bluebeard,exactly as he was represented in the picture in his yeo manry dress, his face frightfully pale, and his great blue heard curling over his chest, as awful as Mr Muntz's. Sister Anne saw the vision as well as Fatima. We shall spare the account of their terrors and screams. Strange to say, John Thomas, who slept in tis« attic above his mis tress's bed room, declared he was on the watch all night, and had seen nothing in the church« yard, and heard no sort of voices in the house; and now the question came - What could the ghost want by appearing ? Is there anything," exclaimed the unhappy and perplexed Fatima, " that he would have me do? it is well to say * now, now, now/ and to show himself; but what is it that makes my blessed husband so uneasy in his grave ?'* And all parties consulted agreed that it was a very sensible question. John Thomas, the foot man, whose excessive terror at the appearance of the ghost had procured his mistress's confi dence, decidedly advised that my lady should consult a cunning man. There was such amati in town ; he had prophesied who should marry his (John Thomas 's) cousin ; he had cured Farmer Horn's cattle, which were evidently be witched ; he could raise ghosts, and make them speak. " I desire you will not frighten the girls in the servants' hall with any of those silly stories," said the widow; and the meaning of this speech may, of course, at once be guessed. It was that the widow meant to consult the conjuror that very night. Sister Anne said that she would never, under such circumstances, desert her dear Fatima. John Thomas was summoned to attend the ladies with a dark lantern, and forth they set on their perilous visit to the conjuror's dreadful abode in Hangman's-lane. What took place at that frightful interview has never been entirely known. But there was no disturbance in the house on the night after. The bells slept quite quietly, the doors did not bang in the least ; twelve o'clock struck and no ghost appeared tu the churchyard, and the whole family had a quiet uight. The widow attributed this to a sprig of rosemary which the wizard gave her, and a horse shoe, which she fluug into I the narden round the family vault, and which would keep any ghost quiet, it happened the i next day that, going to her ci¡liner's, sister I A nue met a gentleman who has been before metioned in this story, Ensign Trippetby name; and, indeed, if the truth must be known, it some how happened that she met the ensign some where every da, of the week. *.« What news of the ghost, my dearest Miss °hacabac ? " said he (yon may guess on what terms the two young people were by the manner in which Mr Trippet addressed the lady); has Bluebeard's ghost frightened your sister to any more fi lg, or set the bells a-ringing? " Sister Anne, with a very grave face, told him that he must not joke on so awful a subject, that the ghost had been laid for a while; that a j cunning mau bad told her sister things so wou d erf ul that any man must believe in them ; that, among other things, she had shewu to Fatima her future husband. " Had, he" said the Ensign, " black whiskers and a red coat ? " " No,*' answered Anne, with a sigh, " he had red whiskers and a black coat." '« It can't be that rascal Sly ! " cried the En sign. But Anne only sighed more deeply, and would not answer yes or no. " You may tell the poor Captain," she said, " there is no hope for him, and all he has left is to hang himself. " " He shall cut the throat of Sly first, though," replied Mr Trippet, fiercely. But Anne said things were not decided as yet. Fatima was exceedingly restive and un willing to acquiesce in the idea of being married to Mr Sly ; she had asked for further authority. The wizard said he could bring her own husband fro rr. the grave to point out her second bride groom, who shall be, can be, must be, no other than Frederick Sly. " It is a trick," said the Ensign. But Anne was too much frightened by the preceding evening's occurrences to say so* " To-night," she said, " the grave will tell all." And she left Ensign Trippet in a very solemn and affecting way. At midnight three figures were seen to issue from Widow Bluebeard's house, and pass through the churchyard turnstile, and so away among the graves. " To call up a ghost is bad enough," said the wizard ; " to make him speak is awful. I re commend you, ma'am, to beware, for such cu iosity has been fatal to many. There was one Arabian necromancer of my acquaintance who tried to make a ghost speak, and was torn in pieces on the spot. There was another person who did hear a ghost speak certainly, but came away from the interview deaf and dumb. There was another-" '* Never mind," says Mrs Bluebeard, all her old curiosity aroused, ** see him and hear him I will. Haven't I seen him and heard him, too, j already ? When he's audible and visible, ¿hen's I the time." " But when you heard him," said the necro mancer, ** he was invisible, and when you saw him he was inaudible ; so make up your mind what you will ask him, for ghosts will not stand shilly-shallying. I knew a stuttering man who was flung down by a ghost, and-" " I have made up my mind," said Fatima, j interrupting him. I " To ask him what husband you shall take," whispered Anne. I Fatima only turned red, and sister Anne squeezed her hand ; they passed into the grave yard in silence. There was no moon ; the night was pitch-dark. They threaded their way through the graves, stumbling over them here and there. An owl was toowhooing from the church tower, a dog was howling somewhere, a cock began to crow, as they will sometimes at twelve o'clock at night. " Make haste,'' said the wizard. " Decide whether you will go on or not." " Let us go back, sister," said Anne. '* I will go on," said Fatima. " I should die if I gave it up, I feel I should." j ** Here's the gate-kneel down," said the wizard. The women knelt down. " Will you see your first husband or your second husband ?" " I will see Bluebeard first," said the widow; '* I shall know then whether this be a mockery, or you have the power you pretend to." At this the wizard uttered an incantation, so frightful, and of such incomprehensible words, that il is impossible for any mortal man to re peat them. As he continued, a number of ghosts rose from their graves and advanced round the kneeling figures in a circle. As he concluded, with a loud bang the door of the vault flew open, and there in blue light stood Bluebeard, in his blue uniform, waving his blue sword and flashing his blue eyes round about! " Speak now, or you are lost," said the ne cromancer to Fatima. But for the first time in her life, she had not a word to say. Sister Anne, too, was dumb with terror. And, as the awful figure advanced to wards them as they were kneeling, the sister thought all was over with them, and Fatima once more had occasion to repent her fatal curiosity. The figure advanced, saying, in dreadful accents, «« Fatima ! Fatima ! Fatima ! wherefore am Ï called from my grave ?" when all of a sudden dropped his sword, down the ghost of Bluebeard went on his knees, and clasping his hands together, roared out *' Mur der, mercy !" as loud as man could roar. Six other ghosts stood round the kneeling group. " Why do you call me from the tomb?" said the first ; ** Who dares disturb my grave ?" said the second ; " Seize him and away with him," cried the third. " Murder, mercy !" still roared the ghost of Bluebeard, as the white robed spirits advanced and caught hold of him. " lt's only Tom Trippet," said a voice at Anne's ear. " And your verv humble servant," said a voice well known to Mrs Bluebeard; and they helped the ladies to rise, while the other ghosts seized Bluebeard. The necromancer took to his heels and got off"; he was found to be no other than Mr Clap trap, the manager of the theatre. It was some time before the ghost of Bluebeard could recover from the fainting fit into which he had been plunged when seized by the opposition ghosts in white, and while they were ducking him at the ! pump his blue beard came off, and he was dis covered to be -who do you think? Why, Mr Sly, to be sure; and it appears that John Thomas, the footman, had lent him the uniform, and had clapped the doors, and rung the bells, and spoken down the chimney; and it was Mr Claptrap who gave Mr Sly the blue fire and the I theatre goner* and he went to London next morning by the coach ; and, as it was discovered that the story concerning Miss Coddlins was a shameful calumny, why, of course, the widow married Captain Blackbeard. Mr and Mrs i Trippet are likewise living happily together, and this, [ am given to understand, is the ultimate fate of a family in whom we were very much in terested in early life, You will say that the story is not probable. Psha ! Isn't it written in a book ? and is it a whit less probable than the first part of the tale ? -Frazers Magazine tor October. A youth told his father that a situation w&8 a tie to him, and that he wished to be emancipated from it, and to go into business for himself. "Ah, Dick !" replied his father, " business is precarious ; and though your situation is a tie to you, yet it ia a certainty. 