. NATIONAL EDUCATION. Wb, have much pleasure in presenting' to our readers the following- ! rather long ex tract -from, the second of two letters, oh National Education in Ireland, addressed to the editor of the Banner of .'Ulster, and published in that paper, in the month (it June last, by the Rev. Josias Wilson, one of the Presbyterian ministers of the city of Belfast, in the North of Ireland. The occadon ofi their .meetirig was a Sectarian Education meetirijg, very like Bishop Broughton's last, hqld in that city, at which certain most arrogant and intolerant assumptions were ptit forth by certain of the reverend speakers in favour of sec tarian education, together ; with certain most unfounded and calumnious misre presentations of the sentiments and views, of the Irish Presbyterian clergy who have placed their schools under the National Board. The real state of the case— the desire of exclusive domination on the part of the Episcopal clergy is beautifully brought out in Mr. Wilson's letters, and the hollow-heartedness of their ' Bible- loving" pretensions admirably exposed. A very touching appeal is made by Mr. M'llwaine to the respectable Presbyterians of the town nnd' province. They will read it, and digest it — and they will discover the object of the appeal just as clearly as the writer. But to help them in properly understanding it I beg to call their attention to a part of Mr- Ilwaine's speech at the public, meetjng.. "The ministers of the Established Church are the. legitimate guardians of the National Education of the country. This Is but the due privilege of our ministers 1!" And another Rev. Orator, Mr. Monsell, on the same occasion said, " the 'Established Church is the Church of all the people." And in his letter of this day, which I shall immediately dissect a little, among the reasons why Episcopal clergymen cannqt place their schools under the National Board,, he gives the following: — "Third — Their parochial position, since to them, as the clergy of the National Church, has been com- mitteduhe care not only of their own flocks> but Of all people, whether Romanists or Pres byterians, who may live within their cure" Ye enlighted and respectable Presbyterian lay men, when will ye learn wisdom ? At once give ear to these loving suggestions, shut up your school-houses and leave your conventicle, even in Fisherwick Place, and let Mr. Morgan preach to vacancy, and go and be properly edified by some of the gentlemen who are .the | legitimate parochial clergymen for all the people' and the legitimate guardians of your children's | education. Descendants of Kitox, and oi Melville, and of Cameron,. shake off'your un fashionable bigotry, and at once attend to, and obey, the appeal of the legitimate clergy. In truth, Mr. Editor, this jets the grand secret out I In the construction _of the Board, the Government did not acknowledge the '.legiti. ..mate clergy''' more than the plain Presbyters, All were, unfortunately, placed on the same level, The " legitimate guardians" were, iri ,he inconceivable stupidity of the Government, just considered merely .as the guardians of their own flocks— their ecclesiastical pride and aristocracy and lordliness: were not acknow- I ledged; and, Sir,, notwithstanding all the, miserable cant we have heard,., usque ad Inauseaum, abont the Bible at all hours, and about the Popery of the Board, this, I be lieve in my conscience, is one grand cause of the opposition to .that Board. All unpreju- | diced and enlightened men are opening their eves to this state of-thincs. and the " legiti- mate .guardians-: of the people" will soon, be left feviljng this National Institution "all alone, in their glory." Mr. M'llwaine says " l am the champion of /the Board.'.' On what part of my letter does :he: found this assertion'?' I did not defend the Board, but I did, as a Presbyterian minister ' defend my own connexion with the Board ; and my defence and his reply are both before the public, . and l am satisfied with. the verdict that: has been pronounced. He asks, can I "read the Scriptures " any hour of thejday,?" I ask Protestant'ministers and people, with un prejudiced minds, to mark my answer. When placing "my1 own school, and others, under .the Board, I was informed by the, .^Commis sioners that they must have four hours of five days in. the week -for 'writing, arithmetic, geo' graphy. history, &c.; ; but that, with this ix.v ception, >1 might- take : the whole day if I pleased, or. any part of .it, for the reading of. the Word, of God. They did_ not .bindraeto any dime for Scripture-reading,— they , desired me to choose whatever time I pleased 11! I choemy own time for teaching God's Word J ! . No man, ; or body of men, chose it for , me— I did it of ray own free will and choice, along with the Elders of my Church— and to our own choice we adhere as honest men — and no such baseless assertions as we have heard will alter that choice. Let eveiy. Protes tant minister and Protestant landlord in Ire land, remember, they may have the same liberty in this matter as T have,, and, if this do not- satisfy them, they have my free license to pay for their pride or their stubbornness out of their own pocket. \- Hilt Q !« T not TV/Tit 1\il (II mAinn Ann Ua oaiv- U4II AU Ainuiuc, van lie read, the Bible when he pleases at any hour at any moment, when he meets with his flock in the public worship of God? Is not the time prescribed for him, the order to which he is bound to. adhere ?— and if he dared to deviate from that order in the slightest iota, I suspect, notwithstanding all the love that appeared between him and the Lord Bisliop the other j day, he would very soon unfrock him, or make him cry " peccavi." He and Mr. Monsell talk about tho Rnarrt preventing the free reading of the Scripture. Let them again remember, they live in a glass house — and let them not forget the advice, "Take the mote out of, thine own eye " | What is the fact? These consistent divines who declaimed on the platform about the free use of God's Word in the school-house at al 1 hours, are chained by the neck to a system' under which they dare not read a large portion I of the Bible at any honr, or any day, in the reading-desk ia the Church during the/entire year. And under this anti-scriptural, and, therefore, anti-Christian bondage, they have been compelled, since they got holy orders, only to read extracts from the Word of God 1 I have before me the Oxford edition of the Prayer Book, printed in 1838, at the Uni versity Press. Of the book of Leviticus, they dare read only four chapters I ! In Exodus they dare not read from the 35th chap ter to-'the end' of the book 1 Yet these are the " Bible- loving" brethren,, who are tied up in the reading-desk, and have the extracts given to them which they are bound- to read. They eat the bread of the Church auietlv— and never were yet heard attacking the bench oil . Bishops (as . they', attacked the Board) about I getting the whole Bible in the reading-desk " at any. hour they please 1" Can I believe such men to be sincere in their present crusade against the Board, when they quietly stand up ,in the reading-desks as chained slaves shut out from a. great, part oh God's blessed word ? Can 4hey, in the ' presence of their flocks, .-on next Sabbath, for the first half hour, or the first hour after- they enter God's, house, read one verse, for instance, in the beautiful , and in-, teresting 35th chapter of Exodus ? , Oh, with what singular inconsistency such men rave about the free readiug of the Bible in the school-house " at any hour they please 1" J But the worst has yet t»;oe tola. Not only are they. debarred by the " Lords over God's heritage" 'from fully reading God's Word. all the time, they occupy the reading-desk ; but I lament. to: say. it, these advocates tfor-the Bible, and;the Bible, only as; the ground of their reli- glOlJ die SQIvlunijf/ oounu-oy 111611: 6CCIc«laSllC3l I taskmasters to read what they, know is not tli Wordof God, but- what they know. is. directly opposed to the Word of God. They are bound, according to the" same Oxford Prayer-book (as is; powerfully stated in the Banner ofjast Tees, day, ) " to read during the last week of Sep tember avid throughout the whole of October, the Apocrypha, which eulogises suicide, and teaches the doctrine of purgatory I" On the 28th day of September,, when these defenders of the Bible meet in St. George's Ghurchfor the public worship of God, they are bound, to read in the 2d chapter of Tobit the following lYinrcol nf antrtltinl inolPiinitAn ..Varoa O ,WVI V .HOMMV..W.. VV.OV f The same night, also, I: returned from the burial, and slept by the wall . of my court-yard, being polluted, and my face was uncovered. a. 10,< Aod 1 knew not .that there were spar- I rows in the wall,; and mine eyes being, open, the /sparrows muted .warm dung. into mine eyes, and| a whiteness came into my-eyes,.. and I went j to the physicians, but. they helped me not." When.t|tey meet for worship, on the 23d . of November, they must edify the congregation, not( with' the blpssed 'Bible but with the ridi culous story of Bel arid the Dragon. The people come to God's house for the bread of . .. life, and these men are forced to give them a stone: they come for a fish, and'they-are com pelled to give them a serpent. Can I believe that, on the 28tli of September, Mr. M'llwaine would prefer Tobit to Titus ?= I cannot be lieve it. Yet he submits, to a system of spiri tual bondage, under which, at a certain hour of that day, he is shutout from God's Word,., and bound to read before me, if I should listen to it, the balderdash of Tobit, instead of- lllc inspired OraCI"®'- 111 HcdvcU'e A aat\j.. vwny- such .fury at present- about -the Bible, and. nothing but the Bible in the school, while he quietly submits to Bel and the Dragon in the Church ? Are the souls- of the adults in Church not as precious as the souls of the children in the school ? When I; contemplate such monstrous inconsistency in Messrs. Mon sell, M'llwaine, et hoc genus, omne, I am. forced to conclude that their present agitation cannot spring from a principle of love for the- 1 1» ..III. -1 - .. . nl I nlnMAd A ( I 1-1 A rBcluing) al' all iiourSj.. aiiu ju dii piob«j v» mc, pure and holy Word of God. l am compelled-; thus to put litem. in this pillory, to fix them in this unpleasant dilemma, in the- presence of a discerning public. No honeyed or .sancti monious phraseology will deliver them, from it let them, as honest and consistent men, come forth and agitate the province for as full liberty in the reading-desk- as in the school, from the - Lord Bishops as from the National Board, and. I, and the enlightened Protestants- of Belfast, . will at least not be disgusted with their present gross inconsistency. But I roust believe it, as long as their present bondage continues — while- they quietly hug their chains and eat- ' their bread, that if their . Bishops and clergy-., had got the Board into their own. hands,, as the ., ' "legitimate guardians" of all our dear children,.. they would have forced upon- us, as- in olden times they attempted to force upon our fathers, . | "the liver of Tobit's fish," and "the pitch,. and the fat, and the hair in the Dragon's-. mouth," instead of the pure, unadulterated Word of the Lord our God,, which we. present- have for our offspring, in opposition to ecclesiastical supremacy and domination t.and under the sanction of; a Government that, -in- this case, has placed the Episcopalians and the, , , Presbyterians on. the same level— and has .thus . maintained the great principle of civil and re- | ligious liberty. In extenuation of their, conduct in reading; the Apocrypha, it is said that its inspiration is not acknowledged, .but that it- is merely .used ' for example of life and instruction of man. ners." In the present case, however, the - plea is unavailing ; for, in the second book of Homilies, which, as set forth in the Articless j('is subscribed by every oi\e admitted to holy, orders," it- is- said, that it- doth contain a-. " godly and wholesome doctrine," the Book,; of Tobit - is recognised as a -pari of sacred- | Scripture. In proof of the doctrine that merciful alms-dealing is- profitable to purge - the soul from the infection and filthy 9 pots of | sin," the following: statement occurs : — "The - same lesson doth the- Holy Ghost also teach in sundry places of the Scripture 1 'saying, lobit - iv., mercifulness and alms- giving purgeth from . all sins, and - delivereth from death, and suf- I fereth not the soul to come into darkness." Is - it possible that these gentlemen, who talk about > their love to God's Word, have fixed their \ imprimatur. on this sentence as-a:part of in spired revelation? 19 it possible that they have sworn that these Homilies "contain &.< godly and wholesome doctrine," and that they., have vowed to. read them in the churches. " diligently and distinctly, , that they may be understanded of the people ?" I. respectfully., ask,, whether-does litis savour more of Jordan,, or the lyber, of Itomeor of Jerusalem ? Sir, I: am sorry to- have to occupy: your- space with noticing Mr. Monsell's letter. He iuforms us that lie ha9 . ju9t returned from » j lour of agitation. I think that he must have - fallen asleep, duriug the writing of his epistle,., for he flatly-coutradicts himself in the first and the last sentences. Like . a. true. Hibernian, „he embraces - the. dear sweet Presbyterians in the beginning of his letter, and in the end . of it, I he lifts his shillelah, and for " love knocks. I them down." He is just as consistent toward -the .Presbyterians as he is about the Board Crid the Apocrypha. In the bpginhingvof his letter he says; God' is my witness that the expres sion ' Bible-loving Presbyterians' was. hot uttered by me in any other than a good' sense,: to a large body of people for whom I have long had the most'siiicere regard." And then, in the last sentence, he prays i I (for these gen tlemen abound in prayers) " may God in.- his wisdom frustrate the efforts which POPERY AND PRESBYTERIAN ISM COMBINED under the National Board are making. to< pre vent the Word of God liavine free course!" I shuddered when I read such blasphemy and falsehood written in the form of a- prayer' to that Holy Being who has- said; " He will de stroy them that speak: leasing." I appeal here to respectable and independent Protestants' Of all dp.nnminaiinna. wliatlhinlr vo nf ,hkIi. a- \- — — rr— - .prayer? Sturdy Presbyterians of the. North hear the prayer of a legitimate clerjpan re garding you ! Read it to your little.chiltfrent and when on all , days of the week, you send them off to our schools with God's- word in their hand's, fell them to speak the truth, and pray the truth ; when defamed to entreat, ' and when reviled to bless. When I' read- such a terrific prayer, combined with his> intolerant' assumption, that he is the clergyman of Pres byterians and all others who may live within his cure — when I see such a spirit still in the bosom of ait Episcopal minister; I jam: forced to look: back to the time when boots, and AilUIUUomVW.S' WcTu dpptlCU Iv lllj lUlcldlllCiay because of .their conscientious adherence to- the pure Word of God ; and theirnoble' resistance to Prelatic error and domination. I caution these men to let Presbyterians alone. Have they not enough to do in their own tottering, half-reformed, and now Puseyite or semi- Po pish Church ? Error of the grossest, and mbst unscriptoral, and antichristian character, is con- ffsing it from its centre to its circumference, ' and at this .very crisis, and' surrounded .by- the t tumult of their own Ecclesiastical dissensions they presume to talk about the " children Of the covenant" forsaking the testimony, of their fathers' God.— I am, Mr. Editor, very truly yours, ' ; - JOSIAS WILSON. 