GLEANINGS IN NATURAL HISTORY. At Errol Post-office, the other day, a hen (Galius do- mesticus) hatched a number of chickens, and among the rest there was one which had four legs, four wings, two spines, and one head. The abdomens of this mon- strosity are joined together (from pictus to venter). The two spines run up and join in the neck a little above the shoulders ( Interscapulum ). The feet are of equal size, but set opposite to each other. It was alive when hatched, but lived only a short time, and is now in a state of preservation. At a farm in Creed, as a hen Avas carefully watching over a brood of young ducks she had with her, a large rat suddenly seized, and was about to make off with one of the flock ; but the hen, perceiving the theft, immediately flew at the rat, which dropped the duck, and commenced an attack on her. After a severe strug- gle, which lasted for several minutes, the hen picked out both the eyes of the rat, which became entirely beaten, and attempted to get away, but of course could not see ; when the hen followed it up, and kept beating and pecking at the rat in a very desperate manner until she killed it.—West Briton. A few weeks ago, says an American writer, I was at the residence of Mr Barney, pastor of the Congre- gational Church in Seekonk, R.J. He invited me into a little shed, and there showed me a very extraordinary example of animal instinct. It was a hen bringing up a litter of four kittens. In all respects, so far as they could receive it, she gave them the same attention as she would her own brood. She scratched vermin and other things for them ; called them to partake ; she clucked for them, and brooded over them night and day, as they had need. It is true, they could not enjoy the food thus offered to them, neither could they follow her in her wanderings as chickens would do. The little things lived as do other kittens, by suckling their real mother puss. They obtained this privilege by the as- sistance of friends, or in the occasional absence of the hen. When the hen was present, puss could not come nigh her kittens, for though she was much stronger 'than the hen, yet she shrunk, as many larger animals do, from her noisy threats. Occasionally, in the absence of the hen, puss would come and steal her kittens, and carry them by the neck to another place, to oversee them herself. But very soon the hen would find them, and take possession of them as before. You are doubt- less all inquiring how this happened. I asked the same question, and was told that puss had her nest near the hen while she was sitting upon her own eggs. When the cat first left her kittens alone, the hen hearing their infant voices, probably supposed them to be her own. She therefore left the nest, with her eggs unhatched, and took possession of the nest of kittens. Having first pitied, she next loved them, and continued to watch for their welfare. A musical phenomenon has arisen in London in the shape of a " singing mouse." Let it not raise the smile of incredulity, for sing it does in verity. The little creature is the common house-mouse, of the masculine gender. An intelligent correspondent of the Globe has given the following account of his visit. When I heard him he was in full song—having all the notes of a full grown canary. The imitation in the sostenuto passages and cadences of that bird was perfect. I feel assured that no deception was practised, for, by the aid of a powerful glass, which I purposely borrowed, I could observe the tremulousness of the throat ; and I asked the proprietor to retire from the room a moment, which he did, in order that I might convince myself that I was not being made the dupe of ventriloquism. I then placed my ear close to him, and then the effect was still the same. No human being could make his piano passages. One circumstance places this beyond doubt ; for some times parties have to wait a considerable time before he will pipe. An instance of this kind happened recently at the Palace, where he was taken for the little Prince of Wales and the Princesses to hear him. But I was informed that he fully made up for this silence by after- wards singing more lustily than he ever did before. He requires to be attentively observed, and by so doing you catch his variety. When quite still his notes are surpassingly distinct, and have all that peculiarity of the notes of the canary when he is singing himself to sleep. When he was in motion I tried the effect of sound upon him, by vibrating a tuning-fork upon the table. This, although repeated several times, neither deterred him from singing, nor in the slightest degree alarmed him. If I may hazard a conjecture, his pitch is more than an octave above that of the bird he imitates. It is very difficult to guess how this faculty got into him ; for supposing that he listened-to the canary from his hiding place, the larynx is not formed for such a purpose. However, I must leave the matter to phy- siologists and modern Danes Barringtons, simply con- tenting myself with silent wonder, now and then ex- claiming "prodigious !" Its history is somewhat in- teresting. The wife of the man to whom it belongs (they were poor people, but are now on the high road to competence) occupied the second flat of a mean house in Redcross-square, Cripplegate, and " save the mark," at a tailor's. One night, not being able to sleep for what she conceived the gentle singing of her bird, she removed the cage ; but the singing remained, and not coming from the quarter in which the poor innocent Dick was placed, it both puzzled her and excited her curiosity for the rest of the night. The noise was of a flitting kind, like Hamlet's ghost, sometimes here, sometimes there. She, however, felt convinced that it came from the wainscot ; and she was right. A trap, was set ; and two nights afterwards, the syren was caught, which is likely to prove a golden egg to this knight of the goose. A cottage at the head of Newton, says the Ayr Ad- vertiser, occupied by two young ladies, has for several days past been besieged by a green linnet, who, the moment one of the inmates leaves the house, attacks her and does everything in its power to annoy her, such as darting in her face, and striking her with its wings, all the while chirruping in its most enraged key. Al- though several times stunned by diving at the windows and doors, it has always got away from every attempt to capture it, and keeps its watch day and night on a tree at the rear of the house, whence its sallies are made at every opportunity. No cause can be assigned for this antipathy on the part of the little warbler, as no injury has been done to it, so far as is known by any of those it seems to consider its enemies. We were shown the other day a living rat, perfectly white, with beautiful red eyes, which was caught in a trap-box at Ancrum farm-offices, by our townsman, Mr Neil Inglis, rat catcher. This curiosity in natural history is only three weeks old, and is one of a litter of three, all white, but the other two were unfortunately drowned in a pail of water in the stable. We under- stand that it is the intention of the owner to preserve this rare quadruped alive.—Kelso Chronicle. A bird which had recently been sent from London, 200 miles by rail road, was thrown at the time directed, and arrived in London under two hours and a half. One hundred pigeons sent from Antwerp were liberated from London at seven o'clock on the morning of the 17th of November, 1831, and the same day, at noon, one of them arrived at Antwerp ; a quarter of an hour afterwards, a second arrived. The remainder were all at home early the following morning. The clergyman at East Haven has a rare nest of swallows in his chimney. Some bees swarmed the other day and went into this opening, and all efforts to dislodge them have proved unavailing. They are now constructing their comb and laying in their honey in warm quarters. Doubtless they are domestic bees, or they would'nt cling so tenaciously to the " chimney corner."—New Haven Paladium. A tom—tit built its nest in the wood case of the pump on the premises of Mr Summer, blacksmith, Sandbach- hill, Middlewich, where she produced six young ones which recently took flight. What renders the circum- stance remarkable is, that the pumps is constantly used by the inhabitants, and the nest was to be seen about twelve inches from the spout where the old one became so tame as to go in and out whilst persons were using the pump. About twelve months a go, a swarm of bees volun- tarily took up their residence on the debtors' side of the Lancaster castle yard, where they are now snugly located ; and, though inmates of a gaol, present a daily, example to the most industrious. These little busy creatures are encased by huge walls, 30 feet high, over which they have to mount a hundred times in the course of a day to cull their sweets, yet do they never cease their labours from early dawn till long after the setting of the sun. As Mr Driver, a fishmonger residing in High-street, Shadwell, was engaged in his business, he had to cut open a codfish of about eighteen pounds weight, in the stomach of which he discovered a ball of paper com- pressed together very close. He succeeded with great difficulty in getting it partially open, when he found it to be a copy of the London Morning Chronicle, of Fe- bruary, 11, 1801. The paper is as stiff as parchment, but the reading is tolerably legible, and from its appear- ance there can be little doubt but it has been in the maw of the fish a considerable time. The fish was caught off the Scotch coast, and it is supposed that the newspaper must have been blown overboard from some ship and have been gorged by the fish, this species in- variably swimming with their mouths wide open. It is no uncommon thing to find stones, nails, and pieces of wood inside a codfish. Two beautiful specimens of the Gymnotus Electricus, or Electrical Eel have just arrived at the Adelaide Gallery, from Para, in South America. They are each about two feet six inches in length, and, supposed to be male and female, one being nearly the same colour throughout, with the exception of its abdomen, which is somewhat lighter, while the other is studded with beautiful spots. They were caught in one of the tribu- tary streams of the Amazon, and together with another much larger, were shipped on the first of June. The largest gymnotus died during a gale of wind which occurred off Tor Point. It is a very general idea that cats have no feeling of attachment to persons. They who have paid much at- tention to the conduct of these animals have formed a different opinion, but if any proof were wanted in favour of the species, the following facts would suffice. A little girl, the daughter of a farmer residing in the neigh- bourhood of St. Peter's Port, Guernsey, made a pet of a cat belonging to the family. The father of the child, on a recent occasion, finding it necessary to chastise, commenced so doing, when the cat flew at him and fastened on his person. The man released himself from the cat, and again proceeded to correct the girl, upon which the cat again flew at him and fastened on his person, and he was obliged to abandon the execution of his intention, the child and the cat walking off to- gether to enjoy their triumph ! We (the Editor of the Guernsey Star) can vouch for the truth of this statement. The Globe of the 8th of July says :—" A lobster was purchased at Billingsgate yesterday, which measured in length two feet five inches and a-half—the size of the body was 16 inches, and the claws measured upwards of 14 inches. Altogether it was the handsomest spe- cimen of the kind ever exhibited in Billingsgate mar- ket."' Strange instances of geese showing strong symptoms of affection to the human species, and even to horses, have been known ; and the latest instance of "a gander in love" may at present be seen by any curious in affairs of the heart, in full operation, at the pretty town of Newton Stewart. The gander in question belongs to 4 gentleman residing in the outskirts of the town, and what is most remarkable, the object of his affection is a stocking weaver, who never paid him any particular at- tention, but who seems, in some mysterious manner, to be composed of metal most attractive to the eyes of the Anas tribe. Toby, for such is our hero's name as soon as the morning comes, shows, by loud cackling, his im- patience of remaining any longer at roost ; and the mo- ment egress is permitted, off he runs with outstretched wings to his friend the stocking maker, remaining with him during the day, following him up and down when he takes a stroll, and even accompanying him on his fishing excursions.—Dumfries Courier. M. Léonard, a French gentleman of scientific attain- ments and enlightened character, who has for some years past directed his attention to the development of the reasoning powers of animals, gave an elucidation of his theory to a few literary gentlemen in London, the 19th. of July last. M. Léonard was in London two years ago, and the experiments which he made with his two pointers—Barque and Philax—excited con- siderable attention. Since that period M. Léonard has applied his theories to horses, and, it appears, has suc- ceeded in subduing the most vicious animals, not by brute force, but by exciting their reasoning powers. With respect to the dogs, the elucidations of M. Léo- nard went far to prove his position, that animals are possessed of intellectual faculties little inferior to those of man. There have been, we are aware, many exhi- bitions of so-called learned dogs, which appeared to obey the word of command and to distinguish objects, but this was done by purely mechanical means. M. Léonard's dogs are not merely clever, well-taught animals, which, by dint of practice, can pick up a par- ticular letter or can by a sort of instinct indicate a num- which may be asked for ; they call into action powers which, if not strictly intellectual, approximate very closely to reason. For instance, they exert memory. Four pieces of paper were placed upon the floor, which the company numbered indiscriminately 2, 4, 6, 8. The numbers were named but once, and yet the dogs were able to pick them up at command, although they were not placed in regular order. The numbers were then changed, with a similar result. Again, different objects were placed upon the floor, and when a similar thing—say a glove—was exhibited, one or other of the animals picked it up immediately. The dogs distin- guish colours, and, in short, appear to understand everything that is said to them. The dog Braque plays a game of dominoes with any one who likes. We are aware that this has been done before, but when it is considered that it is necessary to distinguish the number of spots, it must be admitted that this requires the exercise of a power little inferior to reason. The dog sits on the chair with the dominoes before him, and when his adversary plays, he scans each of his dominoes with an air of attention and gravity which is perfectly marvellous. When he could not match the dominoe played, he became restless, shook his head, and gave other indications of his inability to do so. No human being could have paid more attention. The dog seemed to watch the game with deep interest, and what is more, he won it. Another point strongly indicative of the close approach to the reasoning powers was the exact- ness with which the dogs obeyed an understood signal, it was agreed that when three blows were struck upon a chair, Philax should do what was requested, and when five were given that the task should devolve on Braque. This arrangement was strictly adhered to. We do not intend to follow the various proofs which were afforded of the intelligence of the dogs ; it is sufficient to say that a multiplicity of directions given to them were obeyed implicitly, and that they appeared to understand what their master said as well as any individual in the room. M. Léonard entered into a highly interesting explanation of his theory regarding the intellectual powers of animals, and the mode he adopts to train and subdue horses, exhibiting the defects of the system generally pursued. His principle is, that horses are not vicious by Nature, but because they have been badly taught, and that, as with children, these defects may be corrected by proper teaching, M. Léonard, does not enter into these inquires for profit, but solely with a scientific and humane view, being desirous of investigating the extent of the reason- ing powers of animals.—Atlas, 22d July, 1843. -Atlas, 22d July, 