LORETTO HOUSE.-RgOEPTION OF NUNS. [From the Bengal Cathollo Herald, Deo. 10.] When we last went to press we had to regret our inability to do more than allude to the interesting ceremony which we witnessed in St. Thomas Church on the 8th instant, and congratulate our fellow Catholics on the consolation which, in a land like this, sucrl a solemnity must impart to every one interested in the prosperity of our holy religion. The two ladies admitted to the white veil on the occasion, were Mademoiselle Bontel and Mrs. Kelly, the widow of the late Ensign Kel!y of H. M. 60th regt. The attendance was rather more numerous than the church could conveniently admit, many being obliged to stand during the entire ce. remony. Among other highly respectable per. sonages present, we noticed General Avitabile, late Governor of Peshawur, who seemed to partake in the solemn and tender feelings which the occasion was so well calculated to inspire. We beg to be excused from entering into particulars about the music, which seemed to us to be very impressive aod appropriate, if not enrapturing. The sweet Italian voice of the Right Rev. Dr. Borghi, who sang the mass and oeiciated on the occasion, is too well known to the Catholics of Calcutta to require any observa tion from us in a passing notice like this. We will rot dwell on the rich dresses in which the pious postulants presented themselves at the altar to be interrogated on the subject of their conventual life nor on the heavenly appearance of the little ones who supported their trains in the sanctuary, in the smiling but respectful attitude of angels employed before the throne of God, in the ministrations of love. We will not even attempt to describe the sensation which the exchange of a magnifi. cent worldly dress by the postulants for the demure and penetential habit of religion, ap. peared to cause in every one who beheld it. We wish merely to make one obsesvation before we proceed to give a scanty outline of the Sermon de. livered on the occasion by our beloved and venerated Archbishop, whose language served as a key to the picture which the ceremony presented. We would ask even an infidel who has not lost the feelings which the benevolence of humanity in spires, could a more consoling and affecting specta. cle be witnessed than a young lady generously and cheerfully (because it was her choice) consecrating herself body and soul for life to the service of the God who made her, for her own sanctification and for the spiritual advantage of her neighbour without distinction of persons 1 No one could read the his tory of Leonidas without weeping in tender appro bation of his patriotism ; who could read the history of a Pagan going into voluntary exile for the sake of an ungrateful country, and be unmoved by such heroic disinterestedness; and can we hear without emotion, or see with dry eyes, a young female in the flower of youth, putting off the garb of vanity, as suming the costume of religion, and declaring in the sight of men and Angels, her ardent dcasir to to a. the world for the sake of those who live in the world, as well as in obedience to the call of her Creator, who invites her into solitude that he may speak to her heart in the silence of retreat. Du cam eam in solitudinem st loquar ad car jcus. Immediately after the Gospel was chaunted, the Archbishop ascended the pulpit, and proceeded to addiess the dense congregation, with that eloquence, force and perspicuity for which his Grace's dis. courses are so remarkable. His text was from 1 Car. 7.29. "Tihis therefore I say brethern, the time ss short: it remaineth that they also who have wives be as if they had none," and from Dan. 12. 3\. " And they that instruct many to justice shall shine as stars for all eternity." In illustration of the first part of the text from St. Paul, " the time is short," his Grace dwelt with the happiest effect on several passages from the Books of Job and Ecclesisiasticus, particularly the following "all those things passed away like a shadow and like a post that runneth on; and as a ship that passeth through the waves, whereof when it is gone by, the trace cannot be found or the path of its keel in the waters, or as when a bird flieth through the air of the passage of which no mark can be found but only the sound of the wings beating the light air and parting it by the force of her Fight; or as when an arrow is shot at a mark, the divided air presently cometh together again, so that the passing thereof is not known, so we also, being born forthwith ceased to bc * @ " * such things as these the sinners said in hell, "Spare me O Lord for my days are nothing; for man comes forth and is crushed as the flower and never abides in the same state." After abundant proofs and illustrations to this effect, the Most Rev. Preacher continued: If therefore the time be short, if human life be but ts the passing of a shadow, if man's existence on earth be but a translation of him from the womb to the grave, what are the inferences which reason and re. ligion will alike dictate to him. Ask the Apostle Paul and he will tell you: " It remaineth that they also who have wives be as if they had none; and they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as if they rejoiced not ; and they that buy, as though they possessed not; and they that used this world, as if they used it not s for the fash. ion of this world passeth away." "It remaineth," mark the Apostle's words, "that they also who hlave wives be as if they had none &8," that is to say, such is the inference, the inevitable conclusion which arises from thle awful unquestionable truth. The time is short. This then is a consequence which according to the Apostle is at once the offspring of right reason and religion. Mark how naturally, Sow beautifully the Catholic doctrine of a religious or conventual life is deduced from the Apostle's words. Yes, holy virginity as recommended by the Cathlollo Church is nothing but the flower in full bloom, which grows into maturity from the grain plapted by St. Paul. For if the inference be true, that it remainetlb, because the time is short, that they who have wives be as if they Ihad none, then is the conclusion equally just, that it re. maineth, that they who have husbands be as if they had none, for in their regard as well in what relates to every thing human, the rea son assigned by Saint Paul admits neither of Sdoubt nor exception, vil. The figure of this world passeth away. * Were it given me to explore ilto secret thoughlts toicall into sansible existence the smothe.ed sighis, the silent and sup. pressed sorrows, Ithe stiled auguish and bitternoess of idul which the world makes its children so often try to uoneeal beneath ihe vell of external posnp, riches and goiety, what treasures of misery and woo would be revealed to view ? Would it not be found that the mysterious words which St. Paul uttered of even those who engage lawfully and itonorably in the marriage state, " Nevertheless such shall have the tribulation of the flesh." have had and shall alwayss have to the very iota a terrible fulfil. ment. I will.not dwell on the long catalogue of temporal sorrows so often found annexed to the marriage stite, or the heart breaking scenes which widowhood, orphanage, sickness and poverty present; for in the order of religion, all these may be made conducive to salvation, but the example of St. Paul admonishes me that whilst it is my duty to proclaimir with him the Catholic doctrine, that the virgin sioneth not if she marry, it is equally so to announce the solemn warning announced by the same apostle, "Nevertheless, such shall have the tribulation of the flesh." It is'my duty on an occasion like the present, to encourage those pious females who aspiie to serve God perfecily, by repeating the inspired declaration of holy scripture: "The unmarried woman and the virgin thinketh on the things of the Lord, that she maybe holy both in body and spirit. But she that is married thinketh on the' things of the world, how she may please her husband. And this, adds St. Paul, I speak for your profit, not to cast a snare upon you, but for that which is decent, and which may give.you power to attend upon the Lord without impediment." I feel it to be my obligation to resound in your ears' the general unre' stricted conclusion which the apostle deduces from all that he has laid down with regard.to the respec. live states of marriage and virgmuity:," Therefore both he that giveth his virgin in marriage doth well, and he that giveth'her not doth better"-to say with the same apostle to the unmarried and to the widow, "' it is good for them if they so continue even as I," and furthermore to renew the pious prayers of St. Paul, " I would that all men 'were even as I' my self," that is, as he tells us in the nest verse, not prevented by marriage from attending on the Lord without impediment. This holy doctrine St. Paul had learned from the example .and instructions of iris Divine Muster. The Saviour was the virgin son of a virgin mother, his beloved disciple was a virgin also, and his church is pourtrayed every where in the sacred scriptures as hiis virgin spouse. It is then only meet that his altar should be served by a virgin priesthood, and his virginal body in the Hloly Eucharist should come forth new from virgin's hands as it came forth ia Nazareth from a virgon's womb. o But if Holy Virginity be so exalted a virtue, if it render angelical the lives of those who practice it in perfection, it poeeases these prerogatives, in a great measure, because those consecrated to its observance enjoy the happiness of serving God and their neigh. bour for the love of God, With a single and undi. vided heart. But says St. Paul, "I would have you to be without solicitude, he that is without a wife is solicitous for the things that belong to die Lord, how he may please God, but he that is with a wife is solicitous for the things of the world, how he may please his wife; and he is divided &c.;" 0 Behold then the grand motive on which the apostle grounds his exhortation to embrace the state of Vir. ginity- ther we may have power to attend on the Lord withsut impedimentl, and how shall the Virgin attend upon the Lord in a way more pleasing to her divine spouse than by instructing the little ones of Jesus Christ unto justice, and by devoting her Vir. ginity to bring forth spiritual children for the Hlea. venly Bridegroom of her soul. * * r f How highly will he honour before the as. sembled unaversu those pious sad holy Virgius who renounced carnal maternity and its narrow ties of relationship, in order to be ready to embrace with a mother's heart every destitute child that stood in need of maternal care without diatinc. tion of clime or of country. If the Saviour has pronounced a woo against the man who scandaliz:s any of his little ones, if the Guardian Angels of those little ones, as the Saviour intimates, complain to his Father in Heaven, of him Swho scandalizes these little ones, is it not just to infer that the Virgin who consecrates herself to spot. ยบ less purity in order to rescue them from the danger of scandal and rear them up in holiness and justice, will on the other hand, receive from the Saviour the most distinguished reward, and be made to shine like stars for all eternity. *, * , Oh I if the Virgin's lamp be replenished with this holy oil of charity when the hour shall come for her to go forth and meet her Bridegroom, with what joy will not the portals of the Heavenly Jerusalem be thrown open to admit her to the embrace of the Saviour in company with all her little ones whom by her Vir. ginity she will have brought forth to Jesus Christ. Yes, beloved Brethren, it is for this thrice sacred end which is so important to society and religion, that the ceremony of this day is sanctioned by the Catholic Church. 01 Holy Church I in what won" derful and multiplied ways dost thou show thy tender solicitude for thy childien. Thou sendest forth now as at bthy first foundalioo, tht sons clothed with the mystic powers of the Psieathood of Melchisedeck, to proclaim sa!lvation'even unto tihe ends of the earth and to offer up the unspotted sacrifice predicted by Malachy from the rising to the setting suann. Thy daughters, thou addressest in the wordsof the psalm. Iet, saying to each of them-" Hear, O daughter, end see and incline thine ear and forget thy people and thy Father's house, that thou mayest enter into the House of the Lord, for one day in his house is better than a thousand years in the tabernacle of sinners.' After a beautiful and affecting paraphrase of these words of the psalmist, applied specially to the Postulents in the sanctuary, tie Archbishop continued-It is recorded of thle fBrst, disciples that on the day of Pentecost they were all filled with the t Holy Ghost and began to speak in divers tongues "the wonderful works of God. This mysterious and wonderful event, God as it were perpetrates in his Church by the multiplication of religious orders to minister to all the wants and sufferingsaio which hu. manlity is subject here below, snd i'hus does Catino. licity spesak to the hearts of manklod in a language which every one can Understand,' Look to the sane. Stusry of this very temple, 'whatever he ytour country or language, do you not see thait tie Catholio altar is encompassed by a priesthobd collected from every quarter of the universe, and:althotlgh educated, if I may so speak, in regions' as distant from ealch other I as the ends of the earth, yet do thley all unite like Schlildren of the same family in speaking the same Slanguage of religion, in adou'einlog to every toigue Sand tribe and people, the oie undivided faith,' which, like its divine Foduder, is the snme yesterday,' to. day, and forever.;' ' ' ' SWant of space prevents si from doing entirei jus. I tice to the admirable sermon of 'the Most Rev. Preacher, by following him: to the oend. To this apology we have just room to: add, that hiis Ex~dI-. leney, General Avitabile, havi?ig visited the convietnt, Sexpressed himself highly pleased wills the accom. e modations, the order and arriangemetts of that most valualsile institutiohb, hid piesented it with a splendid a carpet of large dinionsotis, as a token of hIis good a wishes for Its t!icceas ln'c'dirlng out its benevolent; , Intentions, 