LECTURES ON PUSEYISM. Delivered in the Scots Chureh, Sydney ; by the rev. uk. lang, m.c. lecture v.-— the sacraments— have they, any inherent virtue ? / September 1, 18-14.' For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that, circumcision which is. outward in the Jlesh : hut, he is a Jew which is one in- ' ' wirdl.y :'aiid circumcision' is that of the heart, in . the : Spirit , and not in the letter ; whose, .praise is not of men, hut of Corf.— Rom. it 28.29., There is no part of the whole system of Divine Revelation on which the doctrines of Romanism and its illegitimate offspring, Puseyism, are more strongly opposed to. those o? genuine Protestantism and Holy Scripture than that ol the -Sacraments. it is; my intention, 'inererore, tins evening to point out to you the doctrines of truth qn this most important subject, after having first pointed out and controverted those of error and superstition.. The Sacraments of the Christian reli gion are commonly defined to be " the out ward and visible signs of an inward- and spiritual grace." And in so far-this defini tion is correct- for the washing or- sprink ling with water on the one hand, aud the giving add receiving bread- and wine on , the oilier, are the outward and visible signs of regeneration in the one' instance, aud of all the other benefits and blessings of redemption in the other. But to sup- , pose that the sign- and the. thing signified in these instances are uniformly and ue-; cessaiily connected with each- other, so 1 . that when the sign is duly made or im- \- purled the substance or thing signified \- must necessarily accompany it, is, not . only the most monstrous error and super stition, but a fatal and soul-desiroyiug delusion. Such, however, is the mon- \- slrous error aud superstition into which the Romanists and Puseyues. have fallen on this most important point — such is the fatal delusion into which they have been beguiled: ' The efficacy of the-sacraments depends, in the estimation of tthoijiirch of Rome, « as well us of iter Puseyito; daughter, on \- the opus opcratum, or work performed, . aud on the qualifications of the adtninis- . irator. If the waterof baptism has befen duly poured or -sprinkled on the person; to be baptized, that is, if it has been done in the name of 1 the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, by a priest or minister canonically ordained, that person becomes thereby and infallibly a child of God, a member of Christ, and an heir of the king dom of heaven. Nay, with a degree of generosity, which is.quite tinusftal in such a quarter, but which is easily explained in this particular instance, the Church of Rome admits that valid baptism, that is baptism carrying these magnificent results, may be performed even by heretics, may bo administered even by females ! For if a new-born child should appear to be dying and no minister of religion at band, the fe male attendant is authorised in sueh a case to administer the ordinance of baptism to the infanti and the soul of the child so baptised is thereby saved' from death eter nal, and its everlasting salvation infallibly secured ! Whether the system of Puseyism is equally generous in regard to the efficacy of baptism administered by heretics or females, I confess 1 am not sufficiently informed but the Romish view of the absolute sameness or identity of baptism duly administered and regeneration is at all events undoubtedly held by the whole Puseyite sect."'' Again, in reference to-the Lord's Supper tbe Romanists and Puseyites are agreed inthnlrlincr that IF that nrrlinnnra has hepn duly administered, that is agyeeably to the prescribed ritual by a priest or minister canonically ordained, it necessarily con veys an inward and spiritual grace to the recipient,, ensuring hint the forgiveness of his sins, and the benefits and blessings of ;everlnsting salvation. There are minor differences, it is true,, between the Ro- jnanists and Puseyites in regard to the nature of Christ's presence in the Eucha rist, but there is- none whatever on the main point at issue between both of them and all genuine Protestants, viz : yas to- the inherent efficacy of the Sacrament when duly administered, as to its placing the individual who receives it in- a state of grace, in a state of salvation. And this, I repeat it, is a monstrous error; having no foundation either in reason or Scripture ; it is the' grossest superstition, it is ,a fatal and soul-destroying delusion. ; The ordinances of circumcision and the ipassover under the Old Testament dis pensation corresponded to the Sacraments <>f Baptism and the Lord Supper under the New. They were both the signs of an inward-and, spiritual grace; they were, both the pledges, of rich, inestimable, spiritual and eternal blessings to tbe worthy recipient. Unfortunately, how ever, there was precisely the same mistake on tho subject undor the Mosaic, as there has since been on the kindred subject 'under tbe christian dispensation.— the sign ancl the thing signified were supposed to go always together. ; the outward ordi nance was supposed to. carry along . with it in all: cases the inward and spiritual grace, so as infallibly to reuder the recipient an object of the Divine favour in this present life,, and an heir-apparent of everlasting felicity. And'so- widely prevalent, ! had .almost said, so. universally .prevalent was this monstrous error and superstition, this fatal delusion, "in the Jewish Church in the times of our Lord- and his apostles, that much of the New Testament, -much of 'the, four gospels and apostolical epistles, is employed in exposing and controverting : the dangerous err tr, the soul-destroying , delusion. What, for instance, are all the fiery denunciations of wrath urged by our : blessed Lord himself against the Scribes and Pharisees,, the . Romanists and Pu seyites, of his time,, but a virtual comment on tho words 6f the holy apostle -in our text, He is not a jew, which is one out wardly, neither is that circumcision, which is outwar d in , the jlesh but he is a Je w which is one inwardly and circumcision is. that of the heart , in tlie spirit, and not in the letter, whose praise is not of men, < but of God ?. Circumcision and the yearly observance of .the Jewish paqsoyer, with all the other rites and ceremonies of the Jewish Church, only placed the irreligious and ungodly Jew in a worse position than that of the blin'ded heathen ; for they made him a hypocrite- in the sight of God, and rendered hiin liable to the damnation of hell. Again,, what are we to understand by the series of blessings which our blessed- Lord pronounces in the fifth chapter of ;the Gospel according to Matthew, but that pure religion and un.defiled before God, even the Father, consists" in something far different from being made the participants of outward ordinances, however scriptural in their character and origin, and however duly administered ? " Blessed,1' says our blessed Lord, ' are the poor in spirit : for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek : for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are- they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful; for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.. Blessed are the peace-makers t. for l.hey shall be called the children of God; Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteous ness' sake ; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile yon, and peisecute you,, and shall M/tX.nll (VtAnMAll .f Atnl A -IAI. su y tut mcujucj ui cvn utuuat juu ituaeiy for my sake.' Had the doctrine of Roman ists and Puseyites on the subject of the holy sacraments been well founded, our blessed Lord might have dispensed with this long list of moral and spiritual qualifi cations, and substituted for his long cata logue of beatitudes some such announce ment as this— "Blessed are all they who are duly baptised according to the Ritual of the (Church, and who receive the Holy Communion front the hands of a priest or minister canonically ordained !'' But 'blessed be God; the foundation of God standetk sure, having this seal, 1 he Lord, knoweth them that are his ; and let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity . Popery and Puseyism may -make religion and its blessedness consist in compliance with certain outward ordi nances, for the honour and glory of their respective. priesthoods; but the religion of the Bible consists in a heart right with God, aud a life imbued with the spirit and regu lated by the precepts of the Gospel. (to be continued in our next.) 