DECLARATION OF MINISTERS AND MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND RESPECTING SEVERAL CONTROVERTED TRUTHS. Having witnessed 'with grief the -endea vours of some persons to un- Protestantise our Church— for which end they reject the doctrine of justification by faith alone— Uciiy iQui ungoaiy pcrsoiiSj ir uupiiscUj..iiGt3u to be regenerated— pervert- the meaning of the sacraments — change the ministry of the gospel into a priesthood— assert that those ministers who have not received epis copal ordination are not true ministers' of Christ— and that their congregations form no part of the Church of Christ— make what they term the Catholic Church the authoritative interpreter of the Word of God, and thus seek to prevent each Chris tian from fulfilling his indispensable duty to weigh and judge for himself the mean ing of its language— wp,. the undersigned ministers and' members of the Church of England, feel ourselves obliged, by oup fidelity to the Lord Jesus Christ, by our regard for the- Word of God, and by our wish to promote the welfare of our Church, publicly to profess our belief of the follow ing truths, which we are resolved, in- de pendence on the grace of God to maintain and disseminate according to- our ability ; jin- which defence of the gospel, always im portant, and now rendered more urgently 'necessary by the progress of Anglo-Ca tholic" doctrines,, who earnestly invite the co- operation of all who- value evangelical truth. 1\. " Holy Scripture ' containeth all- ne- 'cessary to salvation, so that- whatsoever- is motread therein,. nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should be believed as an article of the faith/' (Art. fi,) " It is- not lawful for the Church to ordain anything that is con trary, to God's Word written,, neither may ; -it expound one place of Scripture as to be' repugnant to another." (Art. 20.) But' general councils and particular churches, being liable to error in matters of faith as 'well as in the ceremonies which they es tablish (Arts,. 2J and 19,)- they may be found to profess what cannot' be proved by the Word of God, and to ordain what is coirtrary to it,. Every Christian is there fore bound to examine and to ascertain tbe 'meaning of the Word of God for himself, jnthe use of all the aids within his reach, 'and to receive no doctryie as- the doctrine ,'of Scripture unless he sees it to be de clared therein : otherwise he -triay receive error as truth upon a fallible authority, against the plain testimony of the Word of God; ! 2. " Bfelievers are accounted righteous before God only for ihe merit of our Lord 'and Saviour Jesus Christ by faith, and not for their own work and deservings," (Art. 11.)-- They are justified by the righteous ness- of Christ imputed to them, not by any linherent righteousness imparted to them, jiy the Spirit and they are, from first to |last, justified by faith alone without works 'but as '"good works do spring out neces sarily of a true and lively faith/' (.Art 12.) 'the faith which justifies, is a faith- which " worketh by love.''; ! 3. "'As the tree is known by its fruitso 'is' also the Holy. Ghost.: 'The'fruits of- the Holy Ghost....', ...;.;nre'- these, -love-, joy, ; peace,, long-suffering, . gentleness, goodness, faithfulness,., meekness, temperance," &c.; "The Holy Ghost doth ;nl ways declare himself by his fruitful and 'gracious- gilts;".. ...... Wheresoever ye :find the spirit Of arrogance and pride, the spirit of envy,, hatred,, contention, &c....; ' assure yourselves that there is the ;spirit of the dt-v.il and not of God.... according to which rule,, if any man live uprightly, of him it' may .safely., be pro nounced that be hath the Holy Ghost with him;, if not,, then it is a plain token -that He doth usurp the name of the Holy Ghost in vain.' (.Homily' for Whit-Sun- ;day.)i Ungodly persons,, . neither' born 'again of the Spirit, cor justified,, although they .were baptised ia infancy, but remain in an unpardoned- slate, exposed to the wrath of God ;: arid unless- they be born 'again of the Spirit, and obtain saving' j faith in Christ, they must perish.. 4\. " The body of Christ is given, taken, land eaten, in the Supper only after a hea- 'venly and. spiritual mariner.. And the 'means whereby the. body of Christ is ve- iceived and eaten in. the Supper is faith.'' (Art. 2.) "For the sacramental bread -and wine remain still in their very natural substances ...and the : natural body ;and blood of our Saviour Christ are iu J heaven, and not here ; it being- against the j truth of ChristV natural body to > be at-one time in more places than one." (Decln- ; ration appended to the'eommunion service.) ;"!The curate shall instruct him, /Ac sick man," that if he do- truly tepeut him ol his sins, and steadfastly believe that Jesus Christ bath suffered death upon the cross for 'him, and shed his blood for his re demption earnestly remembering the bene fits he hath thereby, and giving him hearty thanks therefore, be doth eat' and drink, the body and bloocKof our Saviour Christ pro fitably. to his soul's- heal tfr,. although- he do not receive the sacrament with his-mouth." (Rubric toJ 'the communion of the Sick.). There is- no. scriptural authority for affirm ing that our Lord is present with his people at the Lord's Supper in any. other manner than that in which he is-present with them Whenever they meet together in his name (MatU xviii. 2@<;) and his body and blood are verily and indeed taken and received by 'them whenever they exercise faith in his atoning sacrifice, so that' the imagina tion of any bodily presence,, or of any. other presence effected by the consecration of the elements, is uiiscriptural and er roneous. 5\. " Christ commendethto his Chureh a sacrament of bis body and blcod they theCkurch of Rome" have changed it into a sacrifice for the quick and dead.' (Horn, for WhitrSiinday.) " Our loving Saviour hath ordained and established the remembrance of his great mercy expressed in his- passion in the institution of his hea venly Supper." im'1 We must then take heed le«t of the memory it be made a sacrifice." (Horn, of the Sacrament) The ministers of Christ are termed in Scriputre, presbyters, bishops, shepherds, stewards, : &c;>, but are never distinctively termed : priests ; and the notion of any sacrifice of-i fered in the- Lord's Supper by the minister -as a priest, distinct from the sacrifice of; praise, and' of devotedness offered by every; true worshipper, is unseriptural and er roneous. 6\. "The visible Church of Christ is a congregation of faithful men, in which the pure Word of God is preached, and the sacraments are duly administered according to Christ's ordinance in all those things that1 of necessity are requisite to the same/'1 (Art. 19.) "Those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent into the ministry which be chosen and called to this work by men who- have public authority given unto1 them in the congregation to' call and send ministers into the Lord's vineyard." Art.1 23.) There is no scriptural authority for asserting that those only are rightly or dained,, or are to be esteemed true minis ters of Christ, who have received episcopal ordination. 7\. " The Bishops of Rome and their ad herents are not the true Church of Christ." " Where is now the Holy Ghost which they so stoutly do claim for themselves ? .........If it be possible to be there where the- true Church is not, then is it at Rome ; otherwise it is but a vain brag.'' " All the popes and prelates of Rome for the most part. are worthily accounted among the number of false prophets and false Christs/" (Horn.. for Whit-Sunday.) False Christs and false- prophets cannot be es teemed true ministers of Christ the true < apostolical succession is the succession of faithful ministers in the churches of Christ 'who have preached the doctrine of the apostles, and have ministered in their spi rit.— Watchman-. 