, THE COST OF BRITISH WHEAT. JjOrd Ducie s statements of the low . cost at which a good farmer can grow wheat in this country, have made a considerable im pression upon tho public mind, and have caused much consternation .' amongst the monopolists. Thus the Mark-Lanc Express, referring to those statements, says, ' We -. _». vmmh uuuiw w I VUI CAUC1 ICUtCU- 111 ClUllLill readers will answer the noble earl's state ments. If such statements are allowed to pass i,ncoiitroverled they will, produce more effect than a volume of argument unsup ported by practical experience.' True, most true ; out~ can'- any practical' rarmer 'Contro-T vert those statements? We know no good farmer will venture to attempt it ;we defy the monopolists to refute those ? statements, or to resist the conclusions in favour of Free Trade which necessarily follow. Let us state succinctly what Lord Ducie has demonstrated by evidence drawn from his own farms, and from other farms in Gloucestershire: — First, he has proved by what he has himself done upon Whitfield Examplt Farm, the rent, tithes, and taxes' of which amount to 50s. per acre, that he .can grow thirty-three bushels of wheat to the acre at a cost, including rent, manure, la bour, and everything, of 4s. 7|d. a bushel; from that sum he deducts for the value, of the straw to be consumed on the farm, £1 15s. an acre, or rather more than Is.; a bushel, which leaves the prime cost of wheat 3s. 6d. a bushel. Nor are the means by which this is accomplished either difficult or extraordinary: they consist, first, of an-'ini-, proved farm; and secondly, of a sufficient farming capital. The capital employed by Lord Ducie is £15 per acre; and the present price of wheat (56s. a quarter) will give a return of 35£ per cent, upon that capital. With such power the farmer may grow wheat in alternate years; and thus, assum ing nothing to be made by the intermediate green and root crops— an assumption alto gether unwarranted by facts — the wheat crop will give an annual return of 17J per cent, upon the rather considerable capital employed. . Now, the practical agriculturist will not fail to remark that 33 bushels of wheat is by no means a . large produce from land upon which capital at the rate of £15 per acre is invested ; and we have no hesi tation in saying, that if the strong and heavy soils of England were, as highly farmed as the comparatively weak thin, land of which Lord Ducie's farm in a great measure consists, that their average produce would not be far from, 40 bushels an acre. Now, the average price of wheat in the Channel Islands, where the trade is free as air, has been for the last seven years 47s. a. quarter; and it is plain that from 33 to 40 quarters to the acre grown, as it can be .grown, at a cost of 3s. 6d. a bushel, must give the farmer a very ample profit. Lord Ducie gave the results of good farming on a farm on the Cotswold-hills. worth 178. an acre; on another, near Stow and Northleach, lot at 17s. Gd. an acre; and on a third, the rent of which is 25s. per acre ; and the cost of growing a bushel of wheat Was, on the poorest land, 4s. Gd., and on the better soil, 3s. 6d. a' bushel. The capi tal employed on the poorer farms being £8 an acre, and on the better land, £10 an acre, Upon the poor land, 20 bushels of wheat formed the average produce ; while on that of higher quality, 30 .bushels are grown. Upon the poor land, cultivated on the five course system, this return, from the wheat crop alone, gives 5£ percent, yearly on all the capital invested on the farm ; and upon the superior land, cultivated upon the same system, 10-J- per cent, upon the, whole of the invested capital. . - :.. At this moment, farmers who are farming1 well and with sufficient capital, are making considerable profits, and the greatest obsta cles to the extension of good farming are the absence of secure tenures — leases — re- strictive covenant8,-gamp..aand. the annoy ing and perpetual interference of landlords ' and stewards. To these causes also must be attributed the reluctance of farmers to ; lay out £8, £10, or £15 of capital an acre on their farms ; for it will be remembered that.J.-.Vfhen such a system of farming is adoptpd, so much is sunk in . the noil which cannot-be Recovered in one or two years that no yearly'tenant ever thinks of ^farming- so ;highly. There can be no doubt that a great proportion qf/armers-employ'-toorliWe/'capi- ? ? !?' tal, ami thus, instead of growing from 30 -S:- to 40 bushels of wheat per acre on land well '?: adapted to yield such returns, they grow more ?',. commonly from 15 to 20 bushels. This sys- '; , tem is strictly the effect of the Corn-Laws, The price of corn being occasionally high, and fanners always expecting that it will be ' ' high, they only calculate upon growing, by the use of a small capital, that acreable ;' quantity which may be called the natural i produce of the land. This varies in good years from 16 to 24 bushels, and in bad ! years from 10 to 18 bushels per acre. Either must, upon the long run, bring the ? farmer into debt, Tho rent paid is the same upon this system as upon, that of high farm ing, unless the landlord has improved his ' farm, when, of course, he gets a higher '?', rent; and every farmer is willing to pay a ? ' handsome per centage upon the cost of judi- ! cious permanent improvements in the shape i of advanced rent. Taxes are the same, rates j commonly higher, in a badly-farmed than in '\ a well- farmed parish. The ploughing, cut- ; ting, carrying home, threshing, and market- :? ing, cost the starving farmer nearly as much : per acre as his richer neighbour. More seed L is used, and more is necessary; on land in low A condition; and in almost every particular the ,?) expenses of raising a poor crop is as great, ?) often greater, than that of growing a good :1 one. But in high farming, the landlord gets ,-i a less propoition of the whole returns; as ' rent than he does from poor farming,! while me man oi capital is independent, and re quires the security of a lease; in most cases, too, lie requires a preliminary outlay by the ?,' landlord, either in draining, buildings, or .? other permanent improvements ; and our debt- burdened and political jobbing aristoc racy dread alike demands1 upon their funds. - ',i aim emancipation oi muir tenantry,' — ? ' ? ''' Hence they are so eager to preserve the A Corn-Laws, under the belief that out of scanty crops they can obtain high rents. The public, however, now begin to under- ? stand that slovenly farming, and the waste ful management of landed property, are all that is sought to be 'protected' by the ;; corn monopoly. — League. The Bishop of Chestbr's Charge. ? If wealth was sought merely for the purpose of amassing money, the intent was frustated for t which it was granted ; but if it was employed to feed those who otherwise would be naked, to educate those, who otherwise .would be ig norant, then the design of God's providence was answered. How different a scene should they contemplate, if this were a principle generally acted upon! * ?* * When the truth originally delivered tp the Church was in danger, he contended that hostility was a duty; but it must, at least,, be an important truth, not a mere abstract word, which would cause brethren to make enemies one of ano ther. The subject of baptismal regeneration, for instance, was continually perplexing their religion, by setting1 one part of the church against another. He was not so presump- '? tiious as to suppose, that; in the few remarks he should make, he could settle that question. Indeed, he saw no means by .which it ever could be settled, either from Scripture or experience, beyond the reach of discussion. ; The language of the New Testament was, 1- ' Repent, and be baptised, and ye shall re ceive the Holy Ghost;' and the church pro nounced the baptised child regenerate. It / was, therefore, possible to depreciate the ! effect of baptism too much by construing it ; into a mere ceremony, which would be in consistent with the importance uniformly ascribed to it in Scripture, as well as to exalt i it beyond its scriptural character by attri buting to its effects which would supersede the necessity of that new birth, without which Christ himself said, that 'no man can enter the kingdom of heaven.' The character of baptism has something much more important than a mere ceremony, and the necessity of that change of heart implied by the new birth, being both equally admit ted, discussion about any points respecting the meaning to be attached to the term 're- generation' might be properly avoided, as questions tending to engender strife. Fi nally, he thought he might apply to baptism the words of Paul, with reference to circum cision, and say, ' He is not baptised who ? is baptised outwardly ; neither is that baptism which is outward in the flesh; but he is bap tised who is baptised; inwardly,, and. whose baptism is that of the heart — in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.' And again, ' For bap tism verily profiteth if thou keep the law; but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy baptism is made of no effect.' Punctuality.— There is not a single office, profession or avocation, from the high , duties of the monarch down to the vile drudgery, of the dust man, that does not owe half its honours, respect ability,and success, to puncxualitv. ' ??'-?. ??'?'? : 