Original Correspondence. POLITICAL SUICIDE. To the Editor of the 66 Weekly Register Sir — It is remarked by one of the most eminent political writers of the present day M. Guizot that all that has come down to modern Europe of the civilisation of the Roman woid, all that had the vital energy to survive the wreck of the empire, was its municipal system. Here was deposited the germ of liberty and civilization which was destined to take root afresh after the inun dations of barbarism had subsided, and to . overshadow with its grateful influence the nations of Europe. It was this system in which the empire had originated — this that gave it stability in its brightest period — and this alone that survived as the soul <of the system when the huge frame it had animated fell into decry and dissolution. This fact in the history of civilisation may be easily accounted for from the comparative degree of interest every individual feels in objects more immediately affecting himself or the local society of which he forms a part and that which he experiences in matters affecting a more extended society. When society at large is unsettled, there is a dispo sition to cultivate the immediate relations of a local association with more sedulous care. Hence in the decline of the empire it was found impracticable to establish central go vernments in the various provinces,, although at the same time the municipal administration acquired increased vigour and activity. A rescript of the Emperors Honorius and Theo- dosius, in the year 418, addressed lb the Prefect of Gaul, is still extant, instructing his Magnificence (as that functionary was styled in the vocabulary of Roman etiquette) to summon a Legislative Council in the City of Constantine ; but the rescript remained a dead letter. All the benefits of government appeared to the Gauls to he concentrated in their local organisation, and they were con tent to purchase the liberty and order they enjoyed under it by renouncing their title to a share in the general representation of the Cobny. Such was Roman virtue, and such the political sagacity of the old Roman citizens ; but certain of our colonial politicians can see no virtues in the Roman character worthy of their admiration but the questionable one that prompted to the commission of suicide. Yide Mr. Lowe's speech. A virtue which, how- . ever prominent a place it may have held in the moral code of that ancient people, was certainly scouted from the political , wheye our colonial sages have been latterly very anxious to place it. I doubt not if we could now conjure up the ghost of some old Roman Senator and question him as to the most effectual mode of committing political suicide, the course he would recommend would be precisely that recently advocated by a colonial legislator, " Throw your municipal institu tions to the wind! Study Blackstone on the dissolution of corporations, and take the specific he prescribes — burn your charters, cease to govern yourselves, and establish ah oligarchical despotism in the hands of a few ©.vergrown monopolists of land, who, if they could, would people your country with a race of serfs, and restoi e all the anarchy of feudal barbarism." But if we were further to question our ghostly instructor as to the poli tical wisdom of this description of suicide, what think you would be his answer. 1 have no doubt it would be in the language of an other ghost — "Murder most foul, as in the best it is, But this most foul, strange, and unnatural." A few reflections will show that this is the proper characteristic of the recent proceed ings in the Legislative Council — that the attempt to strangle the municipal institutions of the country is, as Mr. Lowe unintention ally defined it, an act of political suicide. I M |rt iS J ! M I A W 1 AX M I A I V If. A A I V X A X L« A XII Liit lllub iub Uo XUvii Ucll/Ji. lu Hit? . days when a few hungry monopolists managed to add house to house, and field to field, and one thousand acres to another, by means of baseless credit, until the poor man, the man of small capital, the actual cultivator, whom it is the wisest and the justest policy in a new country to encourage, was deprived of a spot to set his foot on. Till the price of land was raised to a fictitious standard far beyond its productive capability, and there remained no inducement to the actual cultivator to expend his means or his labour upon it — look back, I say, to. this, the grand source of the ruin that has lately involved every colonial interest, and has created a fictitious state of society which will still entail on individuals an incal culable amount of misery before a proper adjustment of the social fabric can be effected, and say if the prime agents in producing all this misery — the land monopolists— are alone entitled to have their false and hollow interests consulted in the future legislation of the colony. But in the recent proceedings .no other in terest was consulted, because no other interest was adequately represented . The people have, unfortunately, selected as their repre sentatives the very men whose private interest it is to crush them — to trample them under foot ; the men whose interests as land-jobbers and great land-holders are directly opposed to the advancement of the masses in wealth ,and political importance ; the men whose sole motives in the advocacy of immigration has been the cheapening of colonial labour, anc. whose sole motive in strangling (if they <>uld) the municipal institutions established under the Act of Parliament, is to avoid the pay ment of the large share of the public burdens which they ought, as the holders of immense estates, legitimately and fairly to pay. Oh, no! say Mr. F— , and Mr. W— , and Mr. C — , and Mr. B — , and all the rest, true r we have large estates, but let the payment of all public burdens come out of the customs duties; and as we eat and drink not much more of the exciseable goods on which these duties are paid than the day-labourer or mechanic, we shall all bear the burden of improving our "estates alike, and that, to be sure, will be the most equitable system for us ! No doubt it would. But there is another point of view which ought not to he lost sight of by the labouring and middle classes. The grasping monopoly which has prevented the occupation of the country in time past has now been arrested by the special intervention of Providence, and it is the interest of all that the hideous Hydra should never again be revived. To this object should he directed the whole bent of our legislation. Let us leave the land to he inhabited : but how will this end be attained unless some check is put upon the system of speculation of which it has hitherto been the subject ? and what check more effectual than that of direct taxation ? Under such a system none hut actual cultivators would ever think of acquiring property in land. And, though the holder of land on speculation is not able to pay taxes from it, the actual cultivator would find no difficulty in the matter. Some other points of view in which the subject hears on the interests of the masses mav he elicited in a future naner. COBBETT THE YOUNGER. 