From the peculiar elements of which so- ciety is formed, there seems to exist in it an almost insatiable desire after political excitement. Superstition was a terror to the past generations, but it does not trouble us, and there is little cause to apprehend that it will affect the minds of the future race who shall move through the world. Ghost stories are out of date. Politics is the amusement of the best in- formed now ; scandal affords talk to the ignorant. From the mental constitution of men, the public opinion is liable to deception ; it deceives itself by investing some subjects with a fictitious impor- tance and discussing their bearings with all the warmth which would arise from great political movements. The discon- tented are ever ready to grasp at hopes, laid out by petty demgogues, of im- proving their condition— and these chi- meras take time and experience to ex- plode. There were the war with France — Catholic Emancipation — Reform in England — all great and prominent politi- cal questions ; there were also a host of others, which assumed a ternporary im- portance at the time they were in agita- tion, but the very memory of them is now gone. We recollect the excitement with which the Colonist looked forward to popular Representation— the anxiety for the first meeting of these popular legislators. Well, and did they do anything ? Did they put money in the pockets of any class ? Can legislators advance the price of wool in the English market ? Can they advance the exchangeable value of stock ? — restore the power to consume ? — bring capitalists once more to our shores ?— reduce the value of land ? — increase the profits in the different branches of industry in which our labor is employed ? Can Separation effect this ? If it can, who would not wish for it ? Proceeding with our review of the ar- guments which have been advanced for or against Separation, we begin with the letter addressed to the Right Honorable Lord Stanley, Secretary of State, by W. H. Leaving out the elegant compli- ments which Lord Stanley receives, we arrive at — ' The main reasons for the Separation of Port Phillip from the Middle District are 1st— Be- cause in the foundation, rise, and progress of the two Colonies, there is no affinity whatever ; and that therefore, it is inconsistent with sound policy that they should he governed by one Administra- tion and Legislature. " We are perhaps dull, but we cannot perceive either sound argument or much good sense in this first reason. Port Phillip had no rise independent of New- South Wales. It started into existence as part of the one Colony, for Governor Phillip's commission extended about as far as Portland Bay, or to 43° 39 South. Van Diemen's Land was also part of the Colony until 1825 — as we find stated in the Sydney Morning Herald of the 27th April — when it was declared independent in its Civil, although still dependent in its Military Government. How could a closer affinity exist ? It is a limb — a vast limb, it is true — of New South Wales. W. H. appends a mass of statistical in- formation, very interesting — but, so far as the argument is concerned, it is alto- gether misplaced. " 2nd — Because the Territory contained in the two Province it too extended, and the means of communication too difficult, for it to be governed with mutual advantage or convenience. [Witness the delay and demur experienced in almost every matter — Wills, Deeds , Marriage Register, Churches, Hospitals, Benevolent Asy- lums, Appeals, frequently of the most uncalled for character, restrictions upon the power of His Honor the Superintendent, and interference with the decisions of the Supreme Court.] 3rd — Because the seat of government, being held in Sydney, a journey of from 500 to 1,000 miles, by land or water, must be made by the Representatives of Port Phillip District." The second and third reasons hardly deserve notice. The author explains the meaning of the second, which would otherwise have been rather difficult to discover, and we suspect the " delay and demur in almost every matter," to be more the effects of the proverbial idle- ness of officials, than from the "extended territory, " which we consider a great ad- vantage for a pastoral Colony, The se- cond is a matter which concerns the pockets of the Representatives, and into which we cannot enter. To proceed with the reasons : — " Because the union of the two Provinces is calculated to weaken rather than to strengthen the influence and power of the Mother Country. [In the event of any exigency between Great Britain and France, (or any other powerful and bitter rival,) It is not possible the two Districts could act advantageously in concert at such a dis- tance. Loss of time, contrariety of opinion, would neutralise all good objects. Had not her Land fund been exiracted, Port Phillip would even, now have had a large sum of money disposable at the service of the Home Government in case of need.] 5th — Because the continuance of one Govern- ment and Legislature for the two Colonies, will not diminish, but rather tend to augment the diffi- cuties attending the administration of justice, particularly as Port Phillip has had great encou- ragement given to expect the establishment of a Local Responsible Government." To the fourth reason we have affixed the writer's explanation ; it contains op- probrious arguments, which we scout. Never shall we allow the right of Britain to a farthing of our Land Fund, The fifth reason is obscure ; the meaning, however, is not elucidated in the expla- nation. We read his fifth Reason — that if the Government of the two Colo- nies (it is but one Colony at present,) continues as at present, that circumstance will tend to augment the difficulties at- tending the administration of justice, particularly as Port Phillip has had great encouragement given to expect the es- tablishment of a Local Responsible Go- vernment. The latter part of the " Reason" may be true, although we are not aware that the Secretary of State ever gave Port Phillip reason to expect any thing of the kind ; but why should it be difficult to administer justice in the Colony, because it is not divided into two ? How could the dismemberment of the Colony affect either Port Phillip or Sydney, the latter particularly ? Be not afraid, reader — we are not to argue against Separation ; we are to place it in its true bearing prominently before you. You shall decide for yourself. We shall next examine the speeches delivered at the Separation Meeting, in a future publication. \----------------------------- The following valuable article is ex- tracted from the Colonial Gazette, and at the present monument is well worth at- tention: — "NEW SOUTH WALES. — One of the first questions likely to engage the attention of' the Legislature of New South Wales, is the position of the great stockholders outside the districts of the colony open for sale and settlement. " The position of the class of settlers al- luded to is anomalous, and not very com- fortable. They hold their stations by grazing leases, renewable annually. This is well enough so long as the district is not open for sale. But they live under a constant uneasiness, looking forward to the possi- bility of the district being opened for sale. They dare not substantial mansions, or improve the land in the vicinity of their houses, lest if should be bought up by strangers when exposed for sale, as in course of time it must be. "The class thus kept in harassing un- certainty is one of the most important in the colony. It produces the only staple ar- ticle of export ; it embraces among its mem- bers the greatest capitalists ; it contains the most highly educated men in the co- lony. There cannot be a settled, tranquil state of affairs in New South Wales so long as this important class is kept uneasy. " It does not appear difficult to find a remedy for their complaints, if Government is disposed to take the trouble. Govern- ment has taken up the ground that all waste lands ought to be disposed of by sale, and for a sufficient price. A sufficient price means one neither so low as to be illusory and equivalent to a free grant, nor so high as to prevent purchases. Whether the price at present demanded by the Govern- ment is a sufficient price in New South Wales, is a question of detail, and need not be taken now. Enough ; waste land is to be disposed of by sale only. But depas- turage licenses, annually renewable, may, with advantage to all parties, be granted to stockholders. Were the runs within short distances of the districts open for sale, the stockholders might purchase in them ; but they are, and must be, too re- mote for this. There are two or three ways in which the difficulty might be evaded. The restriction of sales of land within cer- tain districts might be abandoned, and stockholders allowed to purchase what land they require on the lands over which they hold their depasturage licenses ;or it might be provided that, in the event of the district being thrown open for sale, they should have a right of preemption ; or it may be provided that, in the case alluded to, com- pensation should be made to them for im- provements. Something might be urged in favour of any one of these arrangements. It is not our object at present to decide upon the suggestions thrown out, but to leave them for deliberation. The situation of stockholders is keenly canvassed in the colony, and representations are not un- likely to be made from them, as a body, at head- quarters. Judging from the analogy of Canada, it is most probable the Home Government would reply:— "We cannot listen to individual representations, but you have a Local Legislature, which represents the community ; let it propose a settlement of this difficulty, and it will be respectfully entertained. " it is well to be prepared, and the new Legislature of New South Wales cannot be better employed than in pre- paring to meet such a demand from Go- vernment. " In undertaking such a task certain broad considerations may be taken as land- marks. 1.— The waste lands of the colony are the property of the British state or com- munity — acquired and defended at the na- lional expense. 2. — Every facility, con- sistent with the general interest, ought to be given to those enterprising pioneers of civilization who reclaim these lands. 3. — The disposal of land for a " sufficient" price is the only guarantee against land being acquired by those who have not the power to render it productive. 4. — That the sta- ple commodity of New South Wales is the produce of lands occupied in virtue of de- pasturage licenses. 5.— Every thing pre- carious in the position of a capitalist para- lyses his efforts. Any measure, to be useful in New South Wales, must reconcile these conflicting requirements." 