FREE CHURCH. Address of the Rev. Mr. Monod, or Paris, to the Assembly of the Free Cihjrch of Scotland. From the Edinburgh Wit nets, May 30.J Monday, May 27. waldenses. An overture on the state of the Walde.iscs 'having been read, l)r Candlisk shortly directed the attention of the Assembly to flic persecutions of that people, as involving a violation of the faith of tr atics, and calling Tor the deepest sympathy at their hands; while they could not but lament that the "British Government now did' not, as in days of old, interfere for their pro tection, He would defer making any substan tive motion in regard to them till they had' heard Mr Monod. The Rev. Frederick Monod of Paris was at this stage of the proceedings introduced by the Medcrator, and was loudly cheered on rising. lie said,— Fathers and brethren, it is with deep emotion I riso at this moment, and! if T rnn tract smrtt! of this emotion to rising in the midst of such an Assembly as this, l ean add, that a good part of it arises from my finding myself at this moment in the midst of a Church which hns left all fbr Christ, and found again all in Christ,— which having only twelve, months ago sought the kingdom of heaven and Christ's glory first, has Imd the blessed promise fulfilled' of finding that all othet things have been already added to them. I have been for these fi ve-and twenty last years a pastor of the French Reformed Church in Paris. That Church isa Presbyterian Church in its forms. Istaqd litre more particularly as a representative of the Evangelical Society of Paris, and, I' may add, as the representative of many pastors and many brethren in France who go along with you, my dear brethren-, in what you havo done; andr in what you are doing. (Cheers.) Many ties bind' me to Scntland ; and I may perhaps be permitted to mention this first, that thirty yeara ago, under the providence of G'od, it was through the in strumentality of a Scotsman,— the venerable and now, I doubt r.ot, sainted Robert Hal- dane,— that! was brought for the first time under the power of gospel truth And a good number of faithful ministers still living, owe their faith as well.as- 1,. to his instrumentality.. And may f take this opportunity to mention before this Assembly,, this example of what a single man can do in apparently the most urn- iavourable circumstances. Robert Haldano came, to, Geneva a stranger, in the midst of a country then immersed' in latitudinarianism', if not in fidelity, lie did not know a word of French ,.and those whom he had to address did not know a; word of English. Well, Robert Haldane set to work, — and it seems to me as if it were but" yesterday that he was sitting at the high end- of a long table, and having before him fifteen, or sometimes twenty of- our stu dents, he expounding,, and I interpreting to them, phrase after phrase, the Epistle to the Romans,— and you have still the fruits of these labours in Haldane's Commentrary on the Romans. (Hear, hear.) I was present,. Sir, three years ago rn the General Assembly. I saw the seven Strathbogiu ministers sus pended. Ah ! my brethren, I was deeply impressed with what I saw and what I heard there; and the . disruption which has since taken place was already visihle as being in. evitukle. (Hear, hear.) My Church, Sir, is, as I said, a Fresbyteran Church ; and therefore your Church is my Church,— the Church of uiy fathers. (Cheers.) .Your Knox consti. tuted the Church on the same principles as our Calvin. Our faith is the same; 1 can sigjii before God your Confession of- Faith— (cheers)— and every one here can sign— yes, can sign the Confession of Faith of the Re- formed Church of France. The Reformed Church inTFrance has gradually, or rather had gradually, sunk into a state ol spiritual death. At this moment it is'in a measure deprived of its Confession and its liberty ; and alus! its Confession of Faith is, in the eyes of many, but a scrap of old paper. In , fact, then, our churches are at this moment conpregationalist. Our only Church Court is tho Court called the Consistory, corresponding, if I do no4 mistake, with your Session. Our Synods are in the law ; but it is merely a bit of paper. They cannot be convened without the permis sion of the Government ; and that permission' since the law invaded our rights, has never been granted. We have no head,— no General Assembly, but tho appealing to the constitu tion, the whole constitution of our Church. I cannot enter into any details, and tho Vener able Assembly will excuse me if i must con- fine myself to generalities. As to religious liberty ; we have, Sir, to struggle against the combined influence of the Romish clergy, the greatest enemies of liberty, and of the civil power, which favours the Romish clergy, not out of hatred to us, nor out of love to those clergy, but politically, because they are more numerous than we are ; and we have to struggle also against Erastianism in our own body. The question of religious liberty in France can be summed up in this,— Are we, or are we not, bound to ask the permission of the civil Government before opening a place of worship, or otherwise preaching the gos pel to the people ? The civil power says "Yes, you are bound to ask my permission. We say, No,— if we ask your permission to preach the gospel we acknowledge 'that you liave the power to refuse this; and we. do. not, and can- not, as Christians, .acknowledge that any ruler on earth can bind our tongues, and prevent us from speaking of Christ Jesus and his message to the poor souls who cannot be saved without it. (Loud cheers.) We-maintoin that the civil power lias the right to enact any repres sive measures which- it may. thin proper and necessary to enact, in order to prevent any disorder ; but this is a preventive measure, — I do- not know whether I am understood. (Loud cheers )' This is a preventive measure, wliieh is incompatible with liberty. (Hears- hear, and cheers.)- We, in this respect, had no suits-. We have been fined,— ministers/ have been condemned',— and we expect mote— we expect to have soon some of our pastors in prison,— some of the best of our brethren, who go out in the name of Christ, not caring for their personal case, and leaving' us quiet' in our own- houses;, while they ate travelling through the , breadth and length of the country, calling upon the people to. hear the. gospel They are more exposed than we. are ;. and you may soon expect to hear that some of them are put into prison. But I believe this is the ! way to get our religious liberty. We'llYnever i get- it in tiny otlier way. It toust be Rirough ' our loss and our condemnation that thejpnblic spirit will be raised against tliepe encroach ments upon our religious- liberty. (Cheers.) We have, Sir, in tliis respect, made sonie pro gress; and I may simply mention one fact; On the 20th of April last, ninety-one petitions in favour of religious libertv wets- presented to the Chamber, of Dbputies against the speeches, —the violent speeches,— of. one minister, and, against the votes of all the Ministers of State who were present. These ninety-one petitions wero taken into consideration of the Honse, and sent for examination to the rMinistcr of Justice and of Worship, as we eall liiin. This is, however, no positive result, -1 must state, because there is some mistake in that respect here. Some liavp thought that we have gained . a victory.. It is q step forward, but no more. But these petitions have been sent to the very Minister who is' opposed to religious liberty" , among us, and who can' do what he pleases ; and we know .he will ; do nothing ;. but the moral effect of the petitions will not be lo?t. Wc now expect to be engaged in a- severer struggle. The kingdom of God makes, pro gress oinong'us ;. and as all these struggles and' difficulties are manifestations of the progress of the kingdom of G'od among us, ire have only to blcskTrod for them.. (Cheers.) I sav nothing, Sir, about the struggle; of our bishops against the Universities of France, because wo Christians take nojjpart in it. We cannot side with the Bishops, for under tlie appearance of religion, they seek only lifter idolatry ;. and under the pretence of liberty, they seek only after monopoly and tyranny. We cannot side with the Universities,, because the bishops say that the teaching of the Universities of France is infidel teaching, and this is perfectly true ; and therefore we can side neither With the one nor the other; we keep quiet.. (Laughier.) But we believe that the organization of oqr Church which we dgsire and long for— we be lieve that religious liberty, without including other outward mcaus— We believe that these arc essential to the revival of grace and religi- ous life. A dead body feels. the want, neither of organization nor liberty. It can dp without a head, Sir. (Laughter au if the members revive, then' they feel that they must obtain liberty — they must obtain orgaiii. zation,for they caunut lire without it. They ' cannot want the head. (Loud cheering.) Now the head we want is our national Synod —your General Assembly; and I trust and pray to God that the day may come when a regular deputation from the Reformed Church of France shall come over and greet you in the name of Christ, and that the body in France may be invited to receive a similar deputation from this country. ("Cheers.) For, tliqnk9 be to God', the time branches begin to live. Life is gradually returning into our Church, by the returning of many to these good old, yet always new doctrines of the gospel, and of our blessed Reformation — those doctrines which carried the Church of Fiance so high in. tlie estimation of Christianity once, and which will carry it auain, I trust, .to the veneration and esteem of other churches. (Cheers) They have been lost sight of: they were not be lievers, and therefore the Church fell into a state of death, from which it is now beginning to emerge. It is in these doctrines we seek for life— in the doctrines of the Holy Spirit' and that Spirit a living Spirit. I will not enumerate them in this venerable Assembly, but sum them up in this way— justification by faith, and faith alone in the absolute sense, the restrictive sense of the word : and salvation' the work,— the exclusive work— of one only, true, living God, Father, Son, and' Holy Ghost, to whom be honour and. glory for ever Sir, very little has been done yet in an abso| I'nte point of view ; but we do not despise-the day of small things. Miich has been done comparatively. When I was appointed to the Church in Paris five-andtweqty years ago, death prevailed in every sense, and in every branoh. But. now, out of 400 unsound pastors we have in the Church, we may thank God for 200'who know the truth as it is in Ji-sus Christ- Sir, we have religious publications savouring of the gospel ; we have our Christian schemes and Christian societies ; we have a missionary society for the heathen, a Bible society, and a tract society ;. we have a charitable society for charitable purposes, for the publication of good books, for the extension of schools, for the rearing of hospitals. You don't understand in this country how obnoxious the Protestants of France are to the Roman- Catholics, insomuch that Protestants cannot' be received into a Roman Catholic hospital till they make the sign of the cross. Last of all, we have the So ciety Evangeiiqne— what you name the Home Missionary Society, and' the sole object of which is to bring souls to Christ. In support of this society, we, call upon Christians of all denominations to come with us, and help us,, and pray for us.. The means wi employ for spreading the gospel are very simple. We go froth place to place, reading from house to house, urging tlie people to obey the gospel call. Our field of labour is great. There are three and thirty millions of immortal souls' sunk for the, greater part either in the idolatry of Popery or in gross infidelity, ignorant of Christ, whom to know lseternal life, and whom not to know is eternal death. Sir, mis sionaries are as necessary for France- as for India or the South Sea Islands;: for wliereever Popery prevails, there is necessity for mission aries.. We have instituted two Normal Schools, in which schoolmasters and school mistresses are being trained- We have nine teen of the former, and twelve of the latter ; and, 1 may add, each of these pupils trained in our schools costs .the Society about £20 n-vffir. Our exnen'ditnre last vear was 93,000 francs, which is something under £4000 sterling,— though, I dare say, our brother Mr M'Dpnald may be inclined to call this a very paltry stun |indeed,— (laughter)— but remeui. ber, our position is hot the same as yours,— we are one again- 1 thirty. And among these Protestants,— these nominal Protestants,— ah, Row. few good Christians, who take, a real in terest in the work of God and the advance- raent of his kingdom,! Indeed, with very few exceptions, these are the poorest of the nation, among the labouring classes ; nevertheless, . three-fourths of these £4000 were raised last year in France. Yet we ought to be very thankful. We liave seventy. nine reaper? in the. field. They have to contend not only with indifference, but with many difficulties. I will just name three of the latter : first, Plymouth- ism ; second, Irvingism— both derived from your country-; and third, Romanism. We hare to contend chiefly with, Romanism, yet some of the. priests have, come over to the truth ; two, who said, mas three years ago, are actively employed in preaching the gospel. (Applause.) The Romanists are clearly rising in. power, and they use every means to make proselytes. I could give many instances of lliis ;; I might state one, two, or three eases in which children have been stolen by the Roman clergy, but time will not allow. We have, however, a sure weapon against them ; R is, the Word of God. This is tho weapon against whioh they cannot stand. .There is deadly, -enmity between Roiaanism and Protestantism They cannot live together ;, thev feel this, unit therefore why they hate so- much.- our Bible colporteurs, Two hnndred'and fifty of these devoted men went through France;, selling, not giving, the Bible;- lbst year ; one million of copies of the Bible and New Testament have been sold, and four or five millions of tracts have been sold at the same- time. (Hear, hear, and applause.) It is- the living Word- which has been circulated; and we now begin to see the fruits of this abundaut dissemination. The present state of the Ghureh in France is a very- remarkable and conspicuous scene- There isa movement among the Roman Ca tholics. At the same time that the Roman clergy are rising in power, the people are making a movement in another; direction. It is not a movement of individuals, but from two, to three, five.gor six hundred souls, have ceased from attending mass, and called for the ' preaching of the pure Word of G'od. (Cheers.) Permit me to reada few short extracts, which will, show better than anything loan say what is taking place there " Oh Wednesday, the day of my arrival m the commune of — said he, « I assembled in the evening in my inn twenty-five persons; very, attentive to what I. addressed to them- Next day there was a, similar re union of 60 or 70 in a neighbouringcommune. . On Friday, in I a third, I spoke of the gospel to a hundred persons assembled-in a barn. I-.passed Satur day and- Sunday at — — , a, very populous place. Oh Saturday evening there was a re union of ninety, and on Sunday, in order to- satisfy everybody, I presided at differenthour at the three assemblies, composed each of more than a hundred, persons. On the Mon day aqd Tuesday following, I- continued my evangelizing excursions in the, neighbourhood.. The assembly of Monday included. 150 auditors that of Tuesday about 220. Oh. Wednesday my audience was still more numerous,, there being mora than 250' persons around me. I then, a? well as my. fellow labourer; considered- that a greSt door has been- opened1 < here, and that in nr/lpr tn cA«ir,r«. i. . — vw miioiji me Buuis wiiicii arc- made more and more apparent' from day to day, several evangelists must be sent here.. You will partake of this opinion, Sir, when you know that we live learnt, four -or five days ago, that in the same- department,, but on another side; there is manifested a religious I movement very similar to that which has lately I been brought under notice. The brother who. I hus written to us on this subject repaired to- I those new communities on the Thursday and I Friday of the holy week. The first day ho I presided at an assembly at which at least a I hundred' ptersons assist' d; the next day, in- another place where he was expected, he found more than 500-persons assembled to- hear him-. After all he has observed, he beseeches us not to neglect such-' a fine opportunity of having the gospel regularly preached, to people so wel| disposed to. profi t by it. To be concluded in our next. ) 