TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUSEYISM. The plain practical letter signed ""Anti-Pusey," in the Examiner of Saturday last, induces me to send you a few extracts from an article in the Edinburgh Review on the same topic. The reviewer—after stating that it is his not inten tion to discuss many of the doctrines held by some of the writers of the Oxford Tracts, on account of their palpable absurdity, and others on account of the obscurity with which they are attempted to be inculcated—begins with the doctrine of apos tolical succession, which is maintained in its fullest integrity and extent by the tractarians generally. "They affirm that the spiritual blessings of christianity are, so far as we know or have any right to infer, ordinarily restricted to the channel of an episcopally ordained ministry ; that no minister is a true member even of that ministry unless found in the line of the succession-in other words, duly ordained by a bishop duly consecrated; whose due consecration again depends on that of a whole series of bishops from the time of the apostles; that ministers not so ordained have no right to preach the gospel and cannot efficaciously administer the sacraments, let them be as holy as they may; that all who are so ordained may do both, let them be as unholy as they will ; that, ac cordingly, Philip Doddridge and Robert Hall were no true christian ministers, but that Jona- than Swift and Lawrence Sterne were. All this we know is very mysterious; but then, as the tracts say, so are many other things which we nevertheless believe ; and why not this? It is better to believe than to reason on such a subject; or believe first and reason afterwards. ' Let us believe what we do not see and know...... Let us maintain before we have proved. This seem ing paradox is the secret of happiness.' Thus seeing is not believing, as the vulgar suppose, but believing is seeing, and you will in due time know the ' blessedness' of such child-like docility." "The theory is that each bishop from the apos tolic times has received in his consecration a mys- terious ' gift,' and also transmits to every priest in his ordination a mysterious ' gift,' indicated in the respective offices by the awful words ' Re ceive the Holy Ghost;' that on this the right of priests to assume their functions, and the preter natural grace of the sacraments administered by them, depends; that bishops once consecrated in stantly become a sort of Leyden jar of spiritual electricity, and are invested with the remarkable property of transmitting the ' gift' to others; that this has been the case from the primitive age till now; that this high gift has been incorruptibly transmitted through the hands of impure, profli gate, heretical ecclesiastics, as ignorant and flagi tious as any of their lay contemporaries; that in fact these gifts are perfectly irrespective of the moral character and qualifications both of bishops and priests, and reside in equal integrity in a Bonner or a Cranmer—a Parson Adams or a Parson Trulliber. " Who can certify that this gift has been incor ruptibly transmitted through the impurities, here sies, and ignorance of the dark ages? Is there nothing that can invalidate orders ? 'Yes,' say some of these men, ' errors in fundamentals will.' Others affirm it will not ; but still with that super stitions reverence for forms which ever attends the neglect of the substance, declare that they may be invalidated ' if the formalities of consecration have not been duly observed.' Either answer will serve the purpose. If error in essentials is suffi cient to invalidate orders, we ask-Had the Romish church so erred when you serparated from her? If she had, her own orders were in valid, and she could not transmit yours. If she had not, as you all affirm nothing but heresy in fundamentals can justify separation, you are schis matics, and your own orders are invalid. " The fathers often insist upon purity of life and integrity of doctrine, as necessary to authen ticate the claims of a successor of the apostles; but it would not be convenient with the ecclesi astical history of the middle ages, spread out be fore us, to insist strongly on any such requisites it being certain that in those ages there has been no lack of simoniacal, atheistical, and profligate prelates; though, if simony, atheism, and profli gacy will not annul ' holy orders,' truly we know not what will. The majority, therefore, seem to have determined that there is hardly any amount of doctrinal pravity, or practical licentiousness, which would repel the indwelling spirit of holi ness—though, incomprehensible dogma ! an error in the form of consecration may ! Be it so. The chances are still infinite that there have not been flaws somewhere; and though these may be few, yet as no one knows where the fatal breach may be, it is sufficient to spread universal panic through the whole church. What bishop can be sure that he and his predecessor in the same line have always been duly consecrated? or what presbyter that he was ordained by a bishop who had a right to ordain him? Who will undertake to trace up his spiritual pedigree unbroken to the very age of the apostles, or give us a complete catalogue of his spiritual ancestry ? " We can imagine the perplexity of a presbyter thus cast in doubt as to whether or not he has ever had the invaluable ' gift' of apostolical sue cession conferred upon him. As that ' gift' is neither tangible nor visible, the subject neither of experience nor consciousness-as it cannot be known by any 'effects' produced by it (for that mysterious efficacy which attends the administra tion of rights at its possessors hands, is like the gift which qualifies him to administer them, also invisible and intangible)-he may imagine, un happy man ! that he has been ' regenerating' in- fants by baptism when he has been simply sprink- ling them with water.' ' What is the matter ?' the spectator of his distractions might ask, ' What have you lost?' ' Lost!' would be the reply. ' I fear I have lost my apostolical succession, or rather, my misery is that I do not know and cannot tell whether I ever had it to lose !' It is of no use here to suggest the usual questions, ' When did you see it last? When were you last con scious of possessing it?' What a peculiar pro property is that of which, though so invaluable nay, on which the whole efficacy of the christian ministry depends-a man has no positive evidence to show whether he ever had it or not I which, if ever conferred, was conferred without his know ledge; and which, if it could be taken away, would still leave him ignorant, not only when, where, and how the theft was committed, but whether it ever had been committed or not! The sympathising friend might probably remind him that as he was not sure he ever had it, so, perhaps he still had it without knowing it? ' Perhaps,' lie would reply, ' but it is certainty I want." Well,' it might be said, ' Mr. Gladstone assures you, that, on the most moderate computation, your chances are as 8,000 to 1 that you have it!' ' Pish !' the distracted man would exclaim, 'What does Mr. Gladstone know about the matter?' And, truly, to that query we know not what answer the friend could make. " Again, it is asked how a man who is no true christian can be a true christian minister? Whether it be not impious to suppose that God has pledged himself to impart by inevitable necessity the gift of the ' Holy Ghost' to an unholy man-merely on the performance of external rites, and to qualify him for the performance of the functions of a purely moral institute, though still morally unfit ? All history shows it is impossible long to maintain religion, when the priest is himself irreligious. But that by a divinely ordained necessity, some preternatural efficacy, itself certified by no evi dence either of sense or consciousness, is conveyed through the minister merely because he has been episcopally ordained (however wicked or worthless he may be) and which is withheld when that or dination is wanting (however worthy and holy he may be), who can really believe ? Nothing but the most express revelation, or the most undeni able effects, could attest it. And both the one and the other the advocates of the dogma are avowedly unable to indicate. "At these and all other arguments the sup porter of the doctrine only shakes his head in awful warning, proclaims his horror of 'rational- istic' presumption, and asserts that by implicit faith alone can it be received. In this we believe him. " But is it, can it be true that christians will be content to receive these strange conclusions? Are they willing to sacrifice charity itself to an absurdity ? Powerful as are the arguments on all hands against the paradox, none is so powerful with us as this. The advocates of the Oxford system, when they are destitute of arguments (which may be represented as their ordinary con dition) are fond of appealing to our moral feel ings; if we do not know, they tell us we may feel the truth of a certain conclusion. Without being, we trust, in the same miserable destitution of ar gument, we would fearlessly adopt their course on the present occasion. We feel that if there were nothing else to say, there is no proposition in mathematics more certain, than that a dogma which consigns the Lutheran, the Scottish, and indeed the whole reformed non-episcopal clergy to contempt, however holy, and which necessarily authenticates the claims of every episcopal priest, however unholy, must be utterly alien from the spirit of the institute of the New Testament." MENTAL FREEDOM. Feb. 28. 