EN G L I S H. Sentence has been passed on the Suffolk incendiaries, some were subjected to trans portation for life and others for twenty years. The general impression respecting the state of society in this island is most unfavourable. H-Iowever ridiculous the re presentations of English judges may appear to a resident in Van Diemen's Land, there can be no doubt that stamped withiautho rity they are universally diffused and gene rally credited. Their honors speak as if the governor and a dozen under-turnkeys were the only fi'ee persons in the place, but however false and absurd such statements may now be, perhaps a few years will suffice to reduce the colony to that condition which will warrant the description given below. It is fearful to contemplate, the consequences of the new system of prison discipline, inefficient as a penal plan and utterly opposed to the advancement and permanent welfare of the colony. Mr. Baron Alderson addressed the Suffolk in cendiaries in the following terms-" What advantage have you found from the gratifi cation of, your unmixed malignity of pas sion? Did you gain anything by it? Was the destruction of your neighbour's property \--was the ruin of his children--was the de struction of all belonging to him and all around him-was the happiness you de stroyed in his homestall and his house-was that of any advantage to you? Or think you that you can have any pleasure in the remembrance of the unoffending animals sacrificed to your feelings of revenge ?- of the horse that perished in his stable, the kine that died in the stall, the sheep that perished in the fold, and the faithful dog, the guard and companion of his master, destroyed in the kennel? Think you these things will not rise up against you on Al mighty God's judgment day hereafter, when you will have to answer at that tribunal where there will be no doubt-where there will be no dispute-where this and all the other crimes you have committed in the flesh will be nmade manifest as the sun at noon-day ? I beseech you, think of these things while you live, in the time spared to you, lest you think of them only in the awful day of God's judgment I But in this world you must abide your punishment, and that will be very, very, very severe. You may think, and people like you may think, that the punishment of transportation, which alone the law allows us to award, is a light punlishment, but you are mistaken, fearfully mistaken ; it is a punishment which I fear to contemplate, and which makes my blood run cold when I think of if. In the punishment which you will have to undergo you will be excluded from your fhmilies, your friends, your country ; your lives will be most miserable ; you will have to go to a country where you will meet with nought but unmixed villany and wicked ness, and with men whom the justice of the country has cast out as most unworthy to remain here. You will meet with them only. In that society there will not be a a mixture, as in society here, of good with bad, but the bad will remain in painful iso lation and connection together, a foretaste of that hereafter where the bad will con gregate alone. That society will be a hell upon earth, and that it is which, as I said, makes my blood run cold when I think of it."....There is nothing so disgusting to the sincere but humble christian as the as sumed importance of priests who arrogate to themselves spiritual power. They are to he found within the pale of protestant as popish churches. They never hesitate to employ the grossest filsehoods in order to delude their unsuspecting followers. But common sense is bursting the fetters igno rance and superstition have imposed, and a. display of fIoleries in this coloiny at least can only provoke laughter. But there are other co'untries less enlightened or whose priests are more ignorant. The Sliy/o.Tour nal states, " on the authority of" several highly respectable Roman Catholics," that on Sunday, August 4, one of the most ex traordinary scenes that ever was enacted in a plat e of worship was exhibited in the chapel of Sligo, both at first and last mass, by the parish priest of that town. Every epithet more degrading than Billingsgate could supply was applied to many of the highest Roman Catholics about'Sligo, and all, as far as can be learned, because they passed a resolution at one of the repeal meetings here which did not meet with his concurrence. In confirmation of the fore going statement, the journal publishes a letter from a Mr. Kelly, a Roman Catholic gentleman, and one of the denounced, in which he says-" I was assailed by the officiating clergyman, the Rev. Mr. Feeny, from the altar of the living God, which my faith and creed teach me to bow before as hallowed and sanctified by the presiding spirit of the H-Ioly Ghost. From that con secrated spot where the sacrifice of the mass had been just offered up, I was a'vfully and solemly denounced before my relations, my fiiends, and the public, 'where, if even I: were present, I couldnot utter a syllable in defence; but I was not without a hope of reaching the public ear, for I had, I'fondly imagined, the boasted medium of an inde pendent press. I caused an 'application to be made to the editor of the Champion to insert my vindication; he assented, re ceived the manuscript; but at the time I expected the proofs for revisal, .I got back the manuscripts with this intimation, that the-Rev. Mr. Feeny would not consent to their publication. This is the liberty of the press with a vengeance-thisis is precious sample of charitable fair play." The Rev. Mr. Feeny, as he is called, should have been tried by the civil court for defama tion, deposed from'the sacred office' which he has disgraced, and the editor of the Champion, whose puisllanimity is so pro minent, should- alter his title and publish the Sheah.....The Limerick Chronicle states that the Rev.'John O'Brien, late RC. curate at:Kilkee, has embraced the protes tant faith; and thathe is the third converted priest during the last three months, the others being the Rev. Mr. Frost, Dublin, and the Rrv. Mr. Burke, Kilfenora.....A most serious misunderstanding has taken place between Mr. W. J. O'Connell, the in spector- general of the repeal wards, and the London repealers, in consequence of which the former has closed St. George's Ward and suspended the St. John's 'Wood Ward. Both parties have forwarded their complaints for adjudication to the Concilia tion Hall, Dublin. The chief ground of complaint amongst the London repealers is that a large weekly salary is paid to the in spector-general, who does not appear abroad or at their meetings except on Sun days. The result of this squabble is a com plete rupture amongst the' English repeal ers.... .The day of humiliation on'account of the imprisonment of O'Connell had passed. 'It appears that the Carlow venders of incantations and charms profited consi derably by the sale of the " Prayer for the Martyrs," the reading of it at the Roman Catholic chapel having beeni hiterdicted by the titular of that diocese. The CGarlow Sentinel remarks-" The day of humiliation and, prayer passed over quietly, andwe seldom saw so many smiling faces, without the slightest appearance of grief, penance, or mortification. Certainly, the : people wore neither sackcloth no ashes, and' we ac quit them of the hypocrisy of worshipping the 'martyrs,' as we learn'that the 'prayer' was not sanctioned by the Right Rev. Dr. IHaly in his diocese, although it was osten tatiously paraded in the streets by hawkers and manifold blessings promised those who would devoutly repeat it." 