THE "AUSTRALIAN." THE Australian of Friday last gave his readers a long quotation, .which seemed to have been woven in a "missionary" loom, from the 'Southern Cross, a New Zealand print. . That in such a place as Auckland, where " battle and' murder, and sudden death," and all. those incidents, that give zest to a paper are scarce, there having been none of a very striking character since the battle of Wairua-that in such a stagnation pf events the Southern Cross should have gladly published such letters as these is not strange; but -in Sydney,' where we live 'in a world. full of life and !animation, and'where important events are ,of every day occurrence, that a respectable; ;journalist should degrade, his columns' to become the vehicle of such incredible, gross, and absurd slanders asn are detailed in the iletters of this' uncdmbed,' unwashed, ,un shod, tattooed (perhaps man-eating):apos tie, John Mah6, seemhe very, str;iange Tiin saintly gentlemdn says (inter.a?l .)..i "We. had built auchapel a * * *and 'er, it"wqs' opened, the two 'Priests,gave orders tii the people to burn it with fire, &c.;" Knowing, 'however, the Editor of tlhe ?tustralian to 'be both intelligent and "I' iented, and as 'he has but' recently taken' Sthemanagement of that respectable journal, and has not beforo'inserted"_ articles insult ing to Catholics, we do hop.'that the article in question, got ..a place _inadvertently (which we, know in spite' of an, editor's care will sometimes happen),' for we ,expect better things'of that gentlenian's' tste, and the spirit too of the age, than that, he will make' his journal the vehicle ofe incredible. calumny We do not know' whether our contem porary ise aware'. that in. more. countries than Ireland-and. more journals than the Dublin .Mail, Warder, or Evening Packet, editors live' by retailing similar calumnies.' Of course they'.must teward the finders out or manufacturers of, them, who live by, them too:' thus the tirade is kept up. it seems it has .travelled out to the South Seas. Why 'should it not, being so pro fitable at home? We are old enough to have read' on the nitqimpnt in London 'the :. following in scription'-.--" This monument is erected in memory ,of the burning of. this Protestant' city by, the Popish faction in Sept. A;.D 106600, for the destructiooi of. tla. Protestaiit rel?gion, and of old English liberty, and for the introduction of Popery and slavery : but the fury of the Papists is not yet satisfied." This burning seems at least as well attested as that of the Reva.Aborigine Mah6. Yet we believe' very Tofew now - give it credit. We fancy Mr. Mah6's story, if examined, would share its fate. We shall make no further remark upon the Australian's quo tation, but offer a very few words on that of THE "HERALD," Which we :feel it rather iiecessary to do, because we, on more than on this occasion, have lately read in his 'columns,' articles grossly offensive to Catholics. We do not kno.w whether to attribute these things to our brother chip, or whether we are to trace them to the head 'engineer who il lumines the public mind from the great gasometer of the Herald.' It says, on Fri day last, quoting fiom some nion-descript writer from 'Valparaiso, ' " what a curse popery is wherever its blighting influence extends l' &e.; &c;, (We need not quote more). If' this morceau has received the sanction of the " head engineer" - the "Magnus Apolto-the genius loci who delivers oracles from the editorial tripod, we wonder, so eminent a writer does not know that the word .popery is Billingsgate .and' not Eng lish-it is not found all through the works. of that master of the language, Shaks peare-it is a? low, vulgar, and indiClting nick-name?, that " 1'no . getIgnt should use We Catholics repudiat&i-it.; we cast it back 'in his teethy 'and beg leave to tell him, that a spiritual guide of others who has read (or ought to have read)' the bible, ought also to knio, that even the cal'ing a nickname--even' the word Raca incurs the penalty of hell fire. How ever, deg9ustibus non est disputandum ; some are fond of a particular style. ' He ought also, as a teacher, to know the ten com mandments'; among whiclh is one that says, ""thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour."., Therefore, the Reverend Editor in question, ought, before he repeats from any publication such an assertion, as "what a curse popery is wherever its blighting. influence extends!" to' have enquired into' the truth of it; for it is an assertion' which impeaches some of the brightest names-names, many of, which are written in -heaven-it impeaches the Chrysostoms--the Jeromes-the Augustines -the Bedes-the Edwards-the'Alfrcds- the Langtons-the 2Mtores-tlie Fishers- the Bossuets-the Fenelons-in short, it impeaches all that is most venerable and' illustrious amongst men - all these the Reverend gentleman insults and calum niates. But, though we deplore such a taste, and such a knowledge, and' such a conscience, we cannot wonder at it, seeing that the head of his' church in. this colony sets the example; for he accuses the Archbishop and .his clergy of the hypocrisy. of teaching what they do not believe, and other monstrous crimes ; even the appalling one of idolatry I! Does he know what he says when he makes this fearful accusation? Does he know what their faith is at all ? It is evident he does not, inasmuch as he accuses them of the sacrilege of re- baptization. Then why, if he knows not their -belief, does le ven ture upon the perilous ground of bearing witness to what he is ignorant of? He says the Catholic addresses to the Virgin Mother of Christ are idolatrous. Is it idolatry to honour her whom God himself has honored above all of womankind? Is it idolatry to call her blessed, whom the Holy Ghost de clares is "blessed among women ?" and whom she herself prophecies should be by "all generatious called blessed ?" If in the resurrection, " they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but shall be as the Angels"-if "there is joyin heaven before the Angels of God upon one sinner re penting and turning to God" is it idolatry to ask the Ihumble prayers of those "minister ing spirits of the heirs of salvation" to God for us? If the prayers of Moses could stop a devouring flame, or save a whole people-if they could give victory to an army in battle- if 'those of Job could obtain 'pardon for those who would not be pardoned otherwise-if at the prayers of Elias drought was sent, and rain -if Paul prayed .for others, and asked :theirs for himself-if on earth even the prayers of men -avail much, are we not to value and to ask these of the glo rified Saints, who having loved and ho aoured God on. earth, are now loved and honoured. by him ? or ,of those pure' spirits who, in golden censers offer up at the.foot stool of '!the ,throne of the most High, bdoiurs whichl are the pra'yers of 'the haints ? Perliaps the Rev. Editor, or the Right Rev. Lord Bishop' may say, O aye ' but how can the saints hear you? Wp~n turn sk' how did the prophet Eliseuse!iknow hat the Kiiig of Syria said to lhiscaptains council ?. Thus, too, can'the saints eat and know: God so wills it."We :shall ite preint conclude'withj ust fine keiiO lrk. uliposing the see of York, o:'Canterbuiy, 6r even Durham were vacant, and that the '¶ord Bishop of Australia were in England aqnd spoke to Sir Robert Peel to intercede witli Hbr Majesty to elevate, him teo 'oi of those sees, and that the Premnie~ 'did not rightly hear, or did, not mind him: is this .' lhigh treason ?- . Would his lordship's so speaking jo the Premier involve the 'guilt of leze M.ajest6,'br'a levying war,'against the Queen inhuer~realm ? He will not, we believe, say it would. Then as idolatry is towards God, what high treason is ? against ihe Prince, i.e., the setting up another and undue object of obedience, or .of' homage than. the true one. We ask, even I if the 'Holy,. Mother of our Redeemer is not alloi~ed t [know what we beg of her, how is hiddress to her, who cannot hear 1 us, a 'gieieter crime than a'Bishop ad dressing a prime minister who canniot hear him ? His'lordship maythen call our in vocation of the humble prayers of Blessed Virgin useless and unprofitable, but it is not idolat ry, being intended to procure greater honudr to (jod-he might as well call it, (as Buckinghani said,) adultery, as idolatry ; for this last 'it cannot be : therefore, we humbly recommend his lordship to study thelbible a little more, which will tell him that " covETOUSuSeSs" and the love of lucrel s IDOAoTRYi but not the invocation 'of tl! saints rdigning with Christ. . 