l.ECTuiuSs"6S" PUSEYISM. Delivered in the Scots Chmch, Sydney, by the Rev. Dr. Lung, I VI. (J. Lecture i Church Power or Eccee- siastjcXl Authority. MAY 5ni, IS I1-. " And when he was eoine into the Temple, the Chief Priests and the Elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, hy what all- , thority docst thou these things ? and who gave i lice ' this authority ? And Je3iis answered and said unto lliein, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, L in like wise will tell you by what authority 1 ; do thc3c things. fhe baptism nt John, whence was it? from liea ven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, if we shall say, from hea ven : lie wi 1 nay unto us, why did ye not then be lieve him P But if we say , of mon ; wo fear the people for all hold John as a prophet. And they answered Jesus, and said, wc cannot tell. And ho said unto them, neither tell I you by what authority I do thesfc thiiurs." — J hi. xxi. 23—27. Solomon, die great preacher of antiquity, has left it upon record, in ono of Ilia divinely inspired dis courses, that there is no new thiny under the sun ; and .whether we cast our eyes over the history of the Christian Church, or over the stiJI broader- page of the history of the world, we shall find this ancient declaration abundantly verified. Wo shall find the same opinions, the same practices, the same obser vances constantly recurring in ages the most distant from each other, and in countries the most remote. -We shall find the same doctrines, the same heresies, the same superstitions ever and anon reanimated and reproduced, in a somewhat different form or dress, it may be, and under a somewhat different name or de signation, but still fundamentally and essentially the same. The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be ; and that which is done, is that which shall be done ; and there is no new thing under the sun. Js there anything whereof if may be said, see this is new ? It hath been already of old time, which was before us . Ecclcs. i. 9. 10. . There are many, for example, many intelligent and undoubted Protestants, who imagine that that pecu liar dcvelopement of Popery which is commonly called Puseyism, and of which, 1 am truly sorry to say, we are now hearing and seeing so much daily within the pale of the Protestant Church, is a new thing, a thing of yesterday, never heard of in Chris tendom before. But I shall shew you, 1 trust, this evening, that on- the contrary, (although in perfect aceorilanco Willi the maxim of King Solomon,; u is a very old thing, a thing as old as the Apostles, as old as Christianity itself, nay, somewhat older even than Christianity. In other words, I undertake to prove to you that, in as far as the master-doctrine or prin ciple of the sect is concerned, " tho chief priests and ciders of the people'' of Israel, those contemporaries of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, who are spoken of in the passage we have just read as the subject of discourse, were to all intents and purposes identical in their spirit and character with the modern Pusey- . ites, and their mother, the Church- of Rome. The master-doctrine or principle of the Romish and Puseyite' sects, the key-stone of the arch that supports the whole fabric of their antichristian sys- tem of error and superstition, is that they and they alone are the genuine successors of the apostles, the only ministers of Christ, the only persons who are divinely warranted to preach the gospel or to dis pense the holy sacraments of tho Christian Church; the ordinances of religion, as dispensed by all other persons calling themselves ministers, or reputed as such by others, being altogether invalid and of no , benefit whatever to a deluded people. I would not be understood as asserting that such a doctrine or principle is held by Episcopalians generally : I prefer this, charge only against those of them who have ' adopted either in whole or in part the system called Puseyism, and thereby identified themselves with tho Church of Rome. ' To proceed then with the illustration of our subject, The chief priests of the Jewish people at the period of our Lord's brief and blessed sojourn in this sinful world were all tho lineal descendants of Aaron, -the . brother of Moses ; whom God himself chose for that high office in the wilderness of Sinai and in, whose family it was thenceforth divinely entailed. Under the Jewish dispensation, therefore, no man could exercise the office of a priast who could not trace his descent, in the public registers of tho country, to Aaron ; and tho simple reason why the office of a priest is no longer oxercjscd among the modern Jews —whose Rabbies or ministers, you are, doubtless, aware, are merely the scribes of the New Testament, men learned in the law and employed in expound ing it to tho people— is that there is no man among them who can now truce his descent to that ancient and , honourable source; " The elders of the people," who ore here joined with " the chief priests," were members of the Jewish Sanhedrim, the High Council or Parliament of the nation; both together, 1 mean the Chief Priests and Elders, being the Su- preme Ecclesiastical and Civil authorities of the country— Church and State combined. Doubtless the civil authority of tho Jewish Sanhedrim was in great measure overridden, in the time of our'Saviour, by the Roman power, to which Judea was then sub ject. But the Romans were too politic, as the con querors of a brave, warlike,' and, as they conceived, superstitious people, inordinately attached to their own national customs, not to allow the old framework of the Civil ' Government of the country to subsist, and to exercise a subordinate authority under the controul of Imperial Rome. But this is not material to our present question ; it being allowed on all hands that the Jewish priests of our Saviour's time were the lineally descended and divinely/appointed priesthood . of the family of Aaron, 'men who held their' office as the only priests, of the most High.God, in, ancient ' Israel, under u commission bearing the broad seal of Heaven, known, read, and recognized of all men. Now, where, t ask, is .there any Roman Catholic or Puseyite priest or bishop of the present day who can produce a charter or commission from the Great Head Of tho Church for the exclusive Christian priest hood of his own communion to be compared for one moment with that of these Jewish priests, the con temporaries of our Lord ? No Jew ever doubted the legality , the divine appointment, or the exclusive au- thority of the Jewish priesthood ; but the legality, the divine appointment, and especially the exclusive autho- rity of the Christian priesthood of the Roman Catholic and Puseyite seeks are all matter of doubt and un- certainty, nay, are all openly denied by thousands and tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands and millions and millions more of Christian men ! Again, will any man presume to tell us that the evidence to which the Roman Catholic and Protestant Bishops of this Colony, to go no farther, appeal respectively, in attempting to trace the sort of priesthood they exer cise, as lords over God's heritage, to the Apostles Peter and Paul — I mean their " endless genealogies" of Popes and Cardinals and Bishops, who nourished, or rather profaned the Christian ministry, during the long ages of Cimmerian darkness with wlrcli the Church and the European world were alike so long overwhelmed — will any man pretend to tell us that such questionable authority as this is to be compared for one moment with the incontestible evidence of the public Registers of Judea, to which the Jewish priests could appeal triumphantly iu proving their own lineal descent from Aaron, us well as their exclusive right to tiie holy ministry in ancient Israel? The Jewish priests had unquestionably a, clear and undoubted right to prefer such questions as these to any person whatsoever exercising the oltiee of a minister of reli- gion within the realm of ancient Israel ; By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority ? " ' ' And we learn from the passage of Scriptlirc history to which I am now directing your attention that they did prefer tiiese questions to our (desscd Lord him self. Ilere then, my brethren, was a case of a most unprecedented character ; it was not, Satan's king dom, but God's kingdom, apparently divided against itself — the divine authority of the Jewish priesthood arrayed against the divine authority of the Son of God ! Our blessed Lord, you are all aware,, had come to his own, that is his. own people, his own house or Church, his own priests or ministers; but his own received him not. Although the head-stone of the corner, he was despised and rejected 'of these builders. Although he spake as never man spake and. did such works as none other man did, the only language in which he was accosted by the chief priests and elders of the people was the language of supercilious scorn By what authority doest thou these things ? and. who gave thee this authority ? Now it is evident and unquestionable, as all pro fessing Christians of all communions must admjt, that the kingdom of God was hot divided against itself in this instance, as indeed it could not possibly- be. There was something else, it is .evident, indis pensably necessary in order to constitute an acceptable priesthood in the sight of: God, even under '; the Jcwisii dispensation, than mere lineal descent from Aaron. And the claim to exclusive authority in -ihe House or Church of, God, which the Jewish priests and elders founded on that. descent alone, was conse quently utterly worthless. : But if the claim ;tq exclusive authority, in; the House or Church of God, which the Jewish , priests and, elders founded on the regular descent of tlieir priesthood from Aaron, in whose family the priestly 1 ofiicc was divinely entailed, was nevertheless utterly j worthless, as is evident in the ease before us, how; incomparably more worthless must not the .claim to exclusive authority be,_ on the part of a professed; Christian priesthood 'claiming such authority merely ' on tiie ground of their ..alleged descent, by regular! succession from the .aposfl.es h 'ff,:i;sayj the claimvtoj such exclusive siutliority iirthejildouso/of God was-j utterly worthless in the 7c'ase: .Bf'rthfe'' Jewish priests;-' although regularly descended,' from Aaron, it must be incomparably more -worthless in the case of the Romish and- Puseyite .Priesthoods of the- Christian dispensation, who' have no such evidence of their upusiuiicui uesceni. wno nave no sucn uiyme law ot entail, to plead in their favour. 1 shall be told, indeed that, in the instance of our text, the Jewish priests rejected and despised the Son of God; which the Romish and Puseyite priests and bishops do not do when they assert their exclusive right to be regarded as tho ministers of Christ, their exclusive, right to serve at his altar. But in looking superciliously down on the Whole Christian Church beyond the pale of their own respective communions, as it is notorious that such priests and bishops do ; in pretending to regard as no rqinisters of Christ at all - those who have boon solemnly called and set apart to that office out of their communion, although evidently" called of God and faithful and chosen, these arrogant and presumptuous individuals arejust as much rejecting and despising the Son of God 'himself as the chief priests and elders of the people of Israel of old. when they asked the -Saviour, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority ? For he that despiseth you, says the Lord Jesus 'to the very meanest of his disciples, despiseth me; and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me. In short, there cannot be a greater insult offered to the Son of God than pretending to regard as no ministers of his at all those whom the Lord Christ has undoubtedly received as his faithful and chosen -servants — nothing can be more hateful in the sight of God than undervaluing or despising the disciple whom Jesus loves. it luiiuwb, u..ereioic;mat tiie claim to exclusive au- thority in the house or church of God, which is put forth respectively by Romish and Puseyite priests and bishops, is of exactly the same character as the -claim which was put fortli of old by the Jewish priests and elders against the . Lord Christ himself." And. the conduct of such men, in pretending to exclude from the. Christian ministry or the Christian Church all who have not been received and recognized by them selves, is consequently equally criminal in the sight of God with- that of the Jewish priests and elders when they , impiously attempted to invalidate and sct-at naught the ministry of the Son of God himself; say ing, By what authority doest thou these things T and who gave thee this authority? ' It is no new tiling therefore that has happened in our day, my brethren I mean this irruption of .'Popery under the guiso- of Puseyism ; it is no new question which the abettors of this grand heresy a-e asking us, when' they ask us in the very words of the Jewish priests and ciders, By what'.- authority do ye these things ? and who gave you that authority ? It is the old thing that happened, td Christ Jostis himself It is the identical question ; that was asked by those | ancient . ministers of the synagogue of-Satart at the Son of God, Nay, is there anything whereof itinau be said, See, this is new.9 it hath been already of old time, which was before us. When this famous question was asked at otir blessed Lord, we are told by! the Evangelist that he ' answered it by asking the priests and elders another question which they cbnfessed their utter inability(.to answer. " And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which'.if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these tilings. The baptism of John, whencd was it ? from heaven or of men ? And they reasoned with them selves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven ; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him P Rut if 'we shall, say, Of men; we fear the people; for nil hold John as a prophet.' And they answered j Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And lie said unto them, Neither ' tell I you hy what authority I do t these tilings.'' John the Baptist, the forerunner of ; our blessed Lord, and a great preacher of righteous- i ness in those days, was, notwithstanding, not a I regularly ordained minister of the Jewish Church. | He had no authority from the chief priests and elders j of the people ; or, to use the phraseology of certain j modern schools of theology, he was not in holy orders. But )'et lie spake so mighiily for God as none other man did in those days ; and in turning many of the children of Israel to the Lord their God, and in . turning the hearts 'of the fathers to the. children and the disobedient to the wisdom af t he just, he did such mighty works as it was evident none other man could have done except God had been with him. From whence then, our blessed Lord asked those zealots for priests' orders and regular ecclesias tical authority, was tho baptism of John — from heaven or of men ? and they reasoned, fyc. When Roman Cathplic and Puseyite priests, therefore, presume to ask the ministers of other Christian com munions who are sincerely endeavouring, like John the Baptist, to call sinners to repentance, and whom God is evidently recognizing and honouring in their work by enabling tbcm to do so— when Roman Ca tholic and Puseyite priests ask such ministers, by what authority they do these things, and who gave them that authority, we . are warranted from this passage of holy Scripture to regard these presumptuous men as altogether identical- in their spirit and character with- the chief priests and elders of Israel, the con temporaries of our blessed Lord — we .are war ranted to believe that, like them also, they would have put precisely the same questions to John the Baptist or to the Son of God himself. It is evident from the ease of John the Baptist that God can commission his own ministers, when it so pleases him, Without asking leave of any Church or Church Court , or Ecclesiastical Authority on earth. Will any man presume to tell us, for example, that the apostle Paul was in point of rank or authority one whit behind , the very chiefest of the anostles from the moment he was called to liis apostleship by his heavenly master, and before he was formally ordained by. his brethren to the. Christian ministry at all ? With a few insignifiica'nt exceptions all Pro testant communions agree in regarding a standing -.ministry as an ordinance of Christ's .appointment in the Christian Church, and the ordination of faith ful men to that office by the office-bearers of the .Church as an apostolic observance. not to be dispensed with or departed from, b'u t in 'cases. of the greatest emergency.; (as, for example, in the caeof a Chris tian layman being thrown ashore on. a heathen island, isolated or cut off from the rest of mankind, and con verting the inhabitants to the Christian faith, and -;then,tofc-ing upon himself the Christian. ministry on pP' the Christian people-.) ' At: tiie same '-time 'lfiPrptestarit, Communions; with the Single exception "of the Puseyites and other High Church Episcopalians, who borrow their creed in this particular frdm Rome and not from the New Testament, agree in regarding a. regular and formal ordination as by no means essentially necessary to the existence of a Christian ministry ; and wherever, as in the case I have sup posed, a Christian man is fouud calling, sinners to repentance in the name of Christ, and turning many of the disobedient to the wisdom of the just, they would freely acknowledge " the baptism" of. that; man to be " from. heaven, and not of men," whether he had. ever been regularly ordained to the Christian ministi-y or no. But although our blessed Lord .did not choose to; tell the chief priests and elders of the Jews by what; authority he exercised his ministry, he was not. unwilling to. do so on other occasions, when publicly .instructing the people. Alluding on some such occa sion to the testimony that had been given of him by John the Baptist, he says. But I have greater witness than that of John ; for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do bear witness of me that the Father hath sent me. John v. 36. And again, If I do not the works of my Father, believe menot ; But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye _ may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him. John x. 37, 38. The divine mission and authority ' of our blessed Lord was therefore attested by the signs and wonders, and mighty deeds which he either wrought himself or which were wrought in his name ; and his commis sion to his ministering servants in all ages is in these words : All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nnilnno i,,„ . tizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: Teaching them to ob serve all things whatsoever I have commanded you and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of- the world. Amen." Matth. xxviii. 18; 19. 20 ' Now the Holy Scriptures are the only record of what Christ com mands his disciples ; and accordingly when the apos- tles went forth m the name of Christ and taught what he had commanded them, we are told that the people Qf Berea in particular, (whose example is therefore held up, for the perpetual imitation of all Christian men,) searched the Scriptures to see whether these things were indeed so. When Romish and' Puseyite priests and bishops, therefore, ask us by what authority wo exercise our ministry, -we asbthem in reply . " By what authority do they teach and preach a multitude of things which the bora Christ has nowhere commanded thereby teaching for doctrines the commandments' of men 9 By what authority , for instance, do they presume . to establish a different standard for ascertaining the genuine disciples or ministers of Christ from that which the Lord Jesus has himself established foi whereas our blessed Lord says expressly, 1 Bv their fruits ye shall know them,' they tell us that we are to know them by their pedigree or succession » Acain by what authority do they permit any one bishoD' priest, -or minister to lord it over his brethren in di rect opposition to the express command of Christ who agam and again tells his disciples that they are all brethren, and expressly prohibits them from fol- lowing the example of the princes of the Gen. tiloS in exercising lordship or dominion over one another P — Matth. x., 25 — 27. By what authority"-, but it would be endless to enumerate those mon- strous corruptions of the Christian' faith and practice which, the Romish Church has introduced, and which the modern Puseyism of the Protestant Epis. copal Church is fast adopting and incorporating into its motley and ant i -christian system ? As there are various other important lights in which the subject of Church power or. Ecclesiastical authority may be viewed, especially as illustrative of the doctrines and practices of those who rej eot, with the indignant scorn they merit, the monstrous dogmas and, pretensions of Popery and Puseyism, I shall leave the further consideration of this subject for a future opportunity. Suffice it to say for the present in conclusion , that the arrogant pretensions of Romish and Puseyite priests and bishops, which we. have seen aep altogether identical with those of the Jewish priest's and elders who sought lo invalidate and set at naught the ministry of tho Lord Jesus Christ himself, ori- cinatpftntiffilv tn ihnf YM'5/Irt ii'l-iSnL u-nn«i,.4 Mn.I,-. O juiuv uiiicii nasi uui mciuc BilUUr for man or for angel, and which ercwhile served to cast down Satan andjhis angels from the highest heaven to the bottomless pit. And as such pride is exceedingly hateful in the sight of God, it is accordant with the usual course of God's provi dence to deliver over those who cherish it J strong delusions that they should believe a He ; j and accordingly we generally find those Episcopalian ministers who have once embraced this master-pi inci. pic of Puseyism, " that Episcopally ordained ministers are the only ministers of CliriSt," gradually adopting another and another of the peculiar dogmas and prac-j tices of Romanism— opening their mouths wider and! wider, as it were, from day to day, as if to be'ready toj swallow the whole camel of Popery itself. Besides f the Episcopalian portion" of the churches of the Rc-| formation comprises only about one-fourth -of tbel whole number of Protestants altogether; and. fori Puseyites, who form only a section of that fourth parti of Protestantism, to sit in judgment upon the whole! Protestant Church besides, and to condemn it williout! mercy , implies a degree of pride not unworthy of the! men who crucified the Lord of Glory, and of theii! common father the Deyil. Whatever minor distinc-l tions prevail among other Protestants, they agree in! holding that as the Word of God is not bound by men's| traditions, neither is the grace of God bound to any! particular communion. Of those who have ever i-e-f joiced in the common name of Protestants, pe.rhaps! there are no men ito'd. - 1 I i t. — V ' '" "JC c-sscpuuu or ine ueioimeis,a who have done more individually, by their lives and! writings, for the advancement of pure and undefiledl L, i>101Im wor> than John Bunyan , the Baptist J Philip Doddridge and IsaacW at'ts, -theindependents J RiehardBaxler and 'lhomasBoston, the Presbyterians-M and John Wesley and Charles M-'hUefield, the.Metho-I uists ; of all of whom it may be truly said, as-it was! once eloquently said of one of their number, that tlieyl d8, ,P,lz1et' . w'!-h the Holy Ghost and with fire'i But in the charitable estimation of modern Pusey ites.i that bastard-brood of .the Church of Rome,- these. eiti-S nent and jreat divmeswhomthe Lord 'Jesus'Cliristi the only King and Head of the Church , has so liighii honoured—were, no ministefs of Christ at all, and fm Ordinances of religion, as dispensed by them, v« , not-a benefit and a blessing . to mankind, but. a cu« No wonder that men who hold such damnable dot' tnnes should have the bridle thrown' upon their necki by Divine Providence; and be left to ride post-haste, as they are evidently doing, to Rome and to perditiu together | 