JDomssttc Intelligence. On Monday, the 4th November, Mr. George Bertram appeared before the Mayor's court, upon summons, to answer a charge preferred against him by Mr. George Geoffrey Stokes, for perjury, upon the follow ing information On the 14-th October ult., defendant brought before the police bench G. G. Stokes and William Bertram, brother of defendant, and obtained a . decree against them for 25, for wages, which he alleged were due him as their servant ; at which time, it became material to the issue to try whether defendant was a partner in a farm leased by the parties, of the late J. D. S. Campbell, Esq., and whether defendant ever gave instructions to Mr. Moor, or his clerk.. «:lfiq4g>«th.g4pase>- when defendant being sworn on his corporal oath, deposed that h7 nevef rented the farm in conjunction with G. G. Stokes, and W. Bertram, nor agreed to rent it, nor did he give instructions to Mr. Moor, or his clerk, to draw a lease of the farm, whereas, in truth and in fact, he did agree to rent the farm in conjunction with G. G. Stokes and W. Bertram, and a joint tenant and not their hired servant, nor entitled to any wages. To this information the defendant pleaded not guilty. Several witnesses were called, who proved nothing, — and a lease was put in, but it did not bear the signature of defendant. The bench dismissed the case, remarking, there was not the shadow of a charge against defendant. — Patriot. We believe we are authorised in stating that two of our representatives in the Legislative Council, Mr. Robinson, the member for Melbourne, and the Rev. Dr. Lang, one of the members for the district, contemplate paying a visit to the province on the close of the present Session. One of our contemporaries, we observe, states that Mr. Boyd also may be expected to visit us, but there is no founda tion whatever for the statement. — Patriot. On Sunday last, the 3rd instant, be tween the hours 'of two o'clock in the after noon and half-past eight at night, the premises of Mr. Alexander Somerville,. draper, of Collins-street, were burglariously entered, the lock of the front door being picked, after, an. attempt had been made to force the door with a crow bar, the marks of which are visible. The burglars removed a large quantity of goods from the shelves in the shop, with the evident intention of packing up, as some table covers were spread out, apparently for that purpose. In the parlour a trunk and box were broken open, and a gold _ ring stolen, the only article which is missed. Notwithstanding a strict search had been made, the robbers failed in discovering the place in which Mr. Somer ville had deposited his money. From nothing being carried away from the shop, it would their that the. plunderers were disturbed in seem nefarious- occupation Patriot . It is rumoured in the legal circles that a change in the judicial arrangements of the colony is in contemplation. Judge Jeffcott, it i3 said, is to be translated to the Sydney bench, and one of the Sydney Judges (Mr. Justice Dickinson, it is ex pected,) will receive the appointment of Resident Judge of Port Phillip. We believe something of the kind is in contemplation but as yet there is nothing definitely ar ranged, — Patriot, It srives uspflry high gratification to have it in ouripower to aruosijije, that we are at ienpHe a .hospital Mel bourne, ;."rfiTRue more" commensurate with the extent of our population than we had ever hoped to see. until the province is relieved from the thraldom of Sydney, and our surplus revenue is left at our own .disposal. Of course all our readers are aware, that in the estimates of expendi- ture for the ensuing year, as laid before the Legislative Council by his Excellency the Governor, the sum of £500 was proposed and assented toby the council for the erection of a public hospital in Melbourne. This sum, though absurdly inadequate for the accomplishment of the purpose intended, was eagerly grasped at, bitter experience having taught the people here the wisdom of the old adage, " Better- a wee buss than nae bield,'7 and accordingly a meeting of gentlemen desirous of seeing something done towards " a consummation so devoutly to be wished," was held at : the residence of Dr. Palmer, J. P., Flinders-street, where steps were taken to prevent this vote, small as it is, from sharing the fate of the £47,000 that preceded it. Farther assistance was sup posed to be out of the question, and was not, therefore, even asked for, all that was sought being merely the appropriation of the sum voted, and the grant of a site for the erection of the proposed structure. .The surprise of the Provisional Committee, as : well as their gratification, may be imagined', when by Saturday's mail intelligence reached them that his Excellency had promptly acceded to their request, and had further expressed his willingness to propose to the Legislative Council to increase the vote to £2000, which he considered would enable them to put up aibuilding sufficiently commodious for the purpose. It is but rarely that it is in our ; o<"- ;-o- ; audit is but just that due credit" should be given for such unwonted liberality ! — Patriot. With to-day a whole week will have elapsed since the glory has departed from our very good friend Mr. James Smith, and yet his ghost, the shadow of his former self, is to be seen flirting about the scene of his quondum exaltation, breaking out into his customary refulgence whenever a terri torial opportunity is afforded, and looking anxiously on while his more fortunate burgess- brethren are engaged in the dear, delightful avocation of dispensing alternate doses of the treadmill and the stocks. A contempoiary of yesterday will have it that our respected friend is to be allowed 'six months longer to reconcile his mind to the hopeless prospect, but alas, no, the calamity tlyit has befallen our revered friend is even worse than the sovereign's death which affords some respite—some little time to familiarise the mind to the event, however la mentable, which must occur. Icliabod ! Ichabod ! the glory is departed. — Patriot, November 7. The following are the Special Jury Causes, which have been set down for trial during the ensuing week : — Monday, Macnab v. Whitehead ; Wednesday, Atkinson, as signee of M'Artlmr, v. the Bank of Australa sia ; M'Laren v. Dendy ; Elmes v. Neville; Westwood v. Murray ; Walsh, administra trix, v. Sullivan; Watson v. C'ondell and Russell, It is almost unnecessary to remark, that the number of causes set down for Wednesday cannot be taken upon that day, but most probably will reach over the greater portion of the ensuing week. Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday will be devoted to Banco sittings and insolvency matters; before the Resident Judge, also, on Saturday. It appears from the Police records that one thousand and five dogs have beeu regis tered since the 1st- October ult: and that one hundred and fifty-three have been slaughtered during the same period. — Patriot. In the latter end of last week a man named Porter, in the employ of Mr. Brown, a tenant on the estate of Joseph Hawdon, Esq., J.P., was thrown from off a dray, and the wheel passing over him broke both his legs. The unfortunate man was carried home, and after lying a day or two in the greatest agony, Dr. Hobson was called in, who found it necessary to. amputate one of the fractured limbs, mortification having commenced. The unfortunate man is getting on well; and a subscription is being raised by the charitable and humane, to alleviate the distress resulnng from this untoward accident: one of the lists for the purpose is to be seen in the Insolvent Court hc-aded hv the Chief Commis. sioncr.- — Patriot, On Wednesday the following insolvents came belore the Chief Commissioner upon appli cation for Iovvance of their certificates : — James Addison, granted; Alexander Sutherland, granted; John Jennings, granted; John Cumming, adjourned until 13th November, twelve o'clock; Thomas Mabony Crosbie, granted; Benjamin Baxter, granted. On Saturday next these certificates will be laid before his Honor the Resident Judge for , the confirmation of allowance. 