EXTRACTS MUSCULAR POWER OF SEAMEN (From the Nautical Magazine.) it J Tim general opinion being that a tall stout man must necessarily possess strength a ing to his side, perhaps the following e from a paper on the locomotion of animal be useful to those who have to select ere vessels 1 "Muscles are the active organs of the animals, and are endowed with great r 2 " the contractile force of the muscle healthy man, according to Dr Young is evident to about 500 pounds for each a man of surface presented by their traders! tions We may then easily understand v is that the most powerful men have muscles most developed and why the 1 muscles are placed in those parts of the where they are subjected to the greatest city of work. The remarkable about thighs of seamen strike the most careless observer line from their constant practice of exorcism muscles in the action of going alone and v upon the yards by which they become developed, and their power increased to a greater degree than in men of other labor pursuits, who do not employ the legs in a. and descent The muscles of the arms n same class, from constant exercise, are much enlarged, and their strength were. Seamen in sound health are, probably, strongest of men with respect to must power, and the reason why they shoal seems sufficiently obvious 3 " It is a well-known that the quarrel labour which the muscles will endure, any length of time they will continue to act, men within certain limits, in proportion to daily exercise " Experience proves the above assertion practice, however, in the Merchant Scniq " getting the worth out of a seaman, on) phrase is, may be carried too far, and p detrimental to his health, if it should not timately lend to loss of life, especially in dry climates 'the habit, too, of supplying the seamen diams whilst employed on some active which requires extra, or continued cation, for the purpose of increasing energy, by importing an artificial street to the muscles, is highly detrimental to her the effect desired, it is true, may he produce but it will be but temporary, (which period all the employ er cares for') and seldom of creating reaction, which acts upon the v\ nervous system This practice appears t more pernicious in cold than in tropical notes, probably on account of cv operation, being stronger in the latter than in the form but it should be discontinued altogether 1 actual experiment it has been found the two large bodies of men, engaged rather laborious work, the one being supplied spirits, and the other with a strong c beverage, the former lost the power of tion some hours (if I remember right, of before the latter, who continued to work with apparent case 4 "If the muscles of the arms and leg any others, he called suddenly into action longer period than that to which they been accustomed, they soon communicate the individual sense of weakness, and evil disposition to v add to the action oppose them, and unless they are allowed some are mischief speedily succeeds " This is a plain matter of fact exposition: every day occurrence, over exertion, which, when circumstances press, and auth directs, is not always attended to, or avert timely relief from tongue, indeed paran: and the utter want of that Christian mg, the precept of which is admired often neglected in practice, " Do others as you would be done by of hay, gener div, is the cause of such of Frances Let the ship-owners ponder the consequences that may and do often, fl from then ships being undermanned Lett consider for a moment the dreadful situated one of these short handed ships after have weathered a furious hurricane, springing al Let them fancy the small band of stout b, being obliged to take spell and spell at pulling the leak, as the muscular power of devoted men declines, increasing rapidly, prev cating the possibility of a thousand being passed over the bows, until at wearied to exhaustion, they do op is the v sinks under them ? Let them think sense of such a result arising from the economic sailing a ship at the least possible expt regardless of the souls within her- and, ofl remedy o " But there is a limit to the amount exertion which the muscular system will b if this hunt is passed, the muscles lose t vigour, and lassitude and a flaccid state veno " This is inevitable, and addressing miss the captains of ships, I beg to remark when a w eighty cargo is to be hoisted in stowed away by the case, the performance which would necessarily require the a power of the muscles to be exercised sooner the labour is commenced after all the better and it would be advantageous t parties to lengthen the period allowed form by at least half an hour and to leave offw half on hour, or even mi horn sooner than ordinary occasions More work would be fumed, and what is of equal import free formed well The material point for judgment to nun at, in laborious duty, bom avoid over working the muscles, by which change from a healthy tone or tension to on locality is prevented G "I have before stated that the weight of land is -proportioned to the case, in a short of the muscles to the square, of some one of dimensions for instance, in two small for men, whose heights are respectively live six left the muscular power of the form is that of the latter will hens 26 to 36 but t weights will be as 123 to 216, or, as 25 to every nearly , the weight, therefore, there much more rapidly than the muscular po> 1 and, consequently, a smaller man is stron 1 in proportion to his size, than a larger on And, I may add, that he will do more gen work, and endure more fatigue, and that i nMr time than the larger man. In our men Our, entity is much prized, hence in the lection of top men this point is always leased to What the object was for a lighting dish (do not know, but if it was from an onion that weight implied strength, the above will show that it was likely to prove erroneous ? therefore, the shipowner and captain would live prejudice, which is founded on error, side, and, the former not allow his spirit of enemy to interfere with the efficiency of his vessel, ships would be regaled with more se and safety than they me at present MUsCLE wishes WEIGHT. Tw CiiuivTM \s C vuoL in) its Atn non- is the work of the master of all the English tourists now nine, the young man who me and took his place calmly at the head of a whole tribe, and who has kept it Hunk all we owe Mr. Dickens since those half ten years the store of happy hours that he is made to pass the kindly and pleasant companions whom he has introduced tous, e harmless laughter, the generous wit, the nk north, human love, which he has taught to feel ' 1 A very month of those years his ought us some 1 nail taken from this delight genius 4 4 2 I do not know whether ese stones are written for future ages man ;e critics doubt on this head there are any such conjurors to tell literary fortunes , d, to im certain knowledge, Be/, according them has been sinking regularly these six. jrs I doubt about that mysterious writing futurity which certain big-wigs pre the Snarl has a chance, certainly His ties which have not been road in this age, by be read in a future, but the receipt for it sort of writing has never as yet been early ascertained Shakspeare did not write Futurity , he wrote his plays for the ne purpose which inspires the pen of Alfred inn Esquire w to kill his Theatre Royal and yet we lend Shakespeare now Lo Sago 1 Tickling wrote for their public, and though a great Dr Johnson put his peevish protest austere fine of the latter, and voted him a dull dog swallow fellow, ' yet somehow irry bidding has survived in spite of the tie, and Pin son Adams is at this minute as it a character, as much loved by us as the I Doctor himself What a noble, thing for this of genius is, which, passing from poet into his render s soul, mingles with it, d there engenders, as it were, real creatures, each is as strong as history, which creates ings that take their place by nature's own I that we know of Don Quixote or Louis V we got to know in the same way-out a book I declare I love Sir Roger de verley quite as much as Izaak Walton, I have just as clear a consciousness of looks, voice, habit, and manner of being, he one as of the other And so with regard the question of futurity if any benevolent ng of the present age is imbued with a using desire to know what his great great ndcluUl will think of this or that author Mr Dickens especially, whose claims to fame e raised the question the only way to be it is of the ordinary historic method I not your great great grandfather love and right in Don Quixote and Sancho Panza are they lost their vitality by their faces a t they move laughter and awaken affection v as three hundred years ago, and so with a Pickwick and Sancho Weller, if their tie humours, and kindly wit, and hearty cholera natures, touch us and convince us, were now, win should they not exist for children as well as for us, and make the city fifth century happy, as they have the tenth ' Lot Snarl console him, then, as to future as s Magazine icciNvnos -The following is the return a address of the Honorable the House of mines, dated March 8, 1844, for a copy of last report from the National Vaccine Es ishment to her Majesty 's Secretary of State he Home Department In presenting our last report, we have to the satisfaction to state the experience of the past year very fully rms our confidence in the protective m ice of vaccination, and that the zeal and ity of the several departments of the estab- sent have kept pace with the increasing mds upon the services The metropolitan ality by smallpox during the last year, he has been remarkable for the seventy of demic maladies, has been estimated as as 438, whereas by the measles alone i Ines have been lost The name of charges of lying h distributed during the seven months being los 194, will be found ceed that of the former year by upwards 000 charges, and from which no less than 0 cases have been reported as vaccinated a communication of Staff surgeon Hall, Vincent s w o learn that he has succeeded ipagating the true vaccine vesicle from li supplied by the National Vaccine Estab ent in the following West India Islands St A intent, Irmidad, Tobago, St Lucia, mea Antigua and St Kitts the Board anxious, as in duty bound, to carry the clent purposes of its foundation to the t practical extent his embraced the tunity recently afforded by our new ones with the Chinese empire, to send a supply of vaccine lymph to Hong Kong, which may be 1 only anticipated the gra extinction of the small pox, which has so fully ravaged that quarter of the globe high the Board continues to receive e occn 1 notices of failure from the ly mph its ed by it, they are, however, happy to that such complaints are much reduced under, the a\ her age, as inferred from the it of letters, having strikingly decreased , failures can only be explained by supposing the patients were not in a fit state to e its influence for it has a very generally held that the same post which has an ed a failure in one district his chronicled access of lymph derived from the same 1 in other parts of the country um m Halle 01 MOUTVLITI - lins comprising 111 districts of England in is the principal towns, shows the number the registered in the five years, the ever number of deaths in the six autumns (1838 and the number of deaths in the autumn of of 18 H, ending Dec 31 The 114 dis are subdivided into 27 1 registrar's districts streets are in the metropolis, and 81 corn- wall some agricultural parishes, the post towns and cities of England in 1911, mutation of these districts was G,o31,o3o by 1 lOths of the whole population The of deaths from all causes, registered in weeks ending Dec 30, 1913, is as fol- -1 epidemic endemic, and contagious -s, 2901 died diseases of the brain, spinal ty, acres and serves, 2017, of the lungs genus of respiration, UOG , of the heart blood vessels 320 of the stomach, and other organs of digestion, 981 , of the s, 89 , childbed disease of the uterus, 41, rheumatism and affections of the and bones GO , of the skin, the , 20, cancer, and other diseases of uncertain 337 , old age and a natural decay, 967 , by Molence, position, of intemperance, cases not specified, 110 making, in the ate, 1738, or 1923 more than 11,815, stage of five previous autumn taking cosideration the increase of population, ess of deaths, in the last quartet, is 1165 ox was fatal to 114 persons, -which is the average (360), but 39 more than the quarter During the quartet the ful diseases were the most vital Consume examination of the lungs, scarlet fever ? tions, measles, dropsy, typhus, hooping K water on the brain, bronchitis, asthma, K g apoplexy, and croup Diarrhoea, dy A and choice i, were more fatal than ? 380 persons having died of these di M Of the 224 deaths by dysentery in this e previous quarter, 87 occurred in the H nell Union workhouse during the foul - B eks (Aug 23 to Nov 18) Deaths by M cases of the nervous system were 226 H "e "average, of bronchitis and pneu m j JL nbov c via m crate , of the digestive o ? ?l0'""ove the a\tM0<. PewerMolent men deaths were registered than usual ? T< measles and t\ phus, are said to be "dealt pleases in the other parts of the 11 I 'dreamt I districts the agree ? 'Ter of deaths is considerable below ? ^IApEaSiiUi in I m m soon- I was ,;"y'Wercsted in English towns with H «TV, such of trade md with a visit- j BY Zu top" of bush a <. ! "is nothing A ages "of ex 11 in 1 "co, but w Inch j mk "^Wascommoiiastcnandcofleeshops ' I mean the newspaper shops. As a general rule, every journal in England, has its own establishment, in which only the particular journal i there written and printed is sold. But besides ' these, there are to he found in every town, a I host of smaller or larger depositories, in which, according to the extent of the business, either all existing journals of the three kingdoms, or at least all journals of a certain class, as for ! instance, all penny papers, and the chief political ones, are to be obtained. The people who keep snell shops, have generally on exact knowledge of what is the order of the day, and observe constantly the changes of public taste. They are also acquainted by experience with the number of each journal which is needed for circulation in their neighbourhood, and order accordingly. The great newspaper agents allow them certain advantages in taking a number, and the retail sellers, who sell to the buyer at the published price, live on the small gains which they make by purchasing wholesale The business undoubtedly requires great foresight and prudence, and also a considerable degree of acquaintance with popular literature, and no little knowledge of human nature. As I had a large and a small newspaper shop, close by the door of my hotel, and as I now and then sat in them to rest for a time, I had opportunity enough for my observations. And these observations in an English newspaper shop are always important, since, at the present time, the greater part, certainly more than half of all that falls into the hands of the lower class of the English public, in the way of instruction or amusement, is obliged to assume, not the form of a regular work, but that of a journal. Novels, tales, romances, poetry, political investigations, satires, religious contemplations, history, useful knowledge, Christian knowledge all must appear in the form either of a small flying tract, or a newspaper, in order to obtain any degree of success. It must be a single sheet of paper, to be purchased for a penny of which one may read either the half or the whole, from which one may select this part or that, or which one may, without any great loss, lay aside altogether spread, and use for packing up or lighting candles. People come into the shops, of which I am speaking, and say, " I have got a penny I want something to read. The woman who keeps the shop soon sees that her customer is the captain of a ship, who has been spending all the day in business with ship-owners and sailors, and who wishes to spice his glass of porter in the evening with ?","» writing Trial Glen >l.n.»f-~°.~ 1. some exciting novel. She therefore puts before him a selection of journals, in which nothing occurs about ships or sea, but which are full of land robberies, tales of murder, romantic convent novels, stories of monks of arms, and the like, with the conviction that some of these would be interesting, and sure to suit him. It is only to land lubber that she gives narratives of pirates and pictures of shipwrecks, which possess no interest for the seaman, for he knows them all by experience far better than they ran be told. " I want ship news, Madam," said a young girl, who expected her brother home from a voyage to America. The vendor looked out the paper with the day's arrivals, and the account of the ships last spoken out at sea, or lately lost. . . Scarcely had the anxious sister departed, when a tight, little, light-hearted school-boy walked in, wishing to take something to read in the country, where he told me, he was going with his father. " You want something amusing, sir ?" " Yes." " Here's Cleaee's Penny Gazette, with a very nice story in it, which I can recommend to you. The Lost One Found.'" * * "No," said he, " I want shipwrecks, marine tales, murders, ghosts." " Well, here's the 'Murder of Marie von Witthaim." * * * Or, ' Susan I Price, the Factory Loss,' or the 'White Slave of Manchester, n Tale of Modem Times.' " .' Have not you got the Calendar of Hor- rors :' v UAO I am sorry to say I have just sold the last copy. The little fellow at last pocketed ' Susan Price and the Murder of Maria von Witthaim, and went away. I asked the woman whether boys generally bought such tales, " O, they are only satisfied with dreadful tales." How must English moralists and teachers be plagued with these journals, which creep in everywhere, and what perpetual war they must carry on against them. The scene of these horrible and grotesquely romantic tales of murder, like that of Maria von Witthaim, are generally laid in distant Germany. I had once made up my mind to collect all the penny papers, in order to get some kind of acquaintance with the literature of England. But when I had collected thirty different papers, and still found fresh ones in every corner of the country, I saw that I had proposed no easy task. Kohl Travels. Tun General. Post-office The public are not generally aware of the extent of the different departments under the control of the Postmaster-General, and of the extraordinary amount of business performed daily in the establishment at St. Mortin's-le-Grond. The following statistics, compiled from authorised | documents, will give some idea of its impor- tance: It comprises 12 distinct departments, namely, the secretary's, surveyor's, mail-coach, solicitor's, receiver general's, accountant-gene- ral's, money-order, inland and foreign, letter carriers, ship, dead and returned, and two- penny post-offices. There are employed in the department of the secretary 29 officers in the surveyor's, 21 in the solicitor's, 1 in the rc reiver-gencral's, 15 in the accountant-gene- ral's, 30 in the money-order office, 7-1 in the inland and foreign office, 170; in the letter carriers' office, 373 in the ship letter office, 7 in the dead and returned letter office, 21 in the two-penny post department, about SOO, including letter- carriers The number of letters inwards and outwards passing through the office daily is estimated at upwards of 100,000 and of newspapers nearly the same number. Upwards of 400 persons are on duty every night and morning in the newspaper and letter offices, and every letter in transitu through the General Post Office alone passes through twelve different and distinct processes before it reaches the person to whom it is directed. Nearly 1000 bags are brought by the mails in the morning, and the same number are despatched every night AH registered letters are entered in a book when posted , specified at full length on the bills of the past masters , entered again in the London office, signed by the letter-carrier before they are committed to his charge, and accounted for as duly by his returning to the office the docket received with them, upon which the name of the parties to whom they were addressed must be fully described Money orders are granted and paid at 318 post offices in England and Wales, at 29 in Scotland, and 32 in Ireland there are in England and Wales DOO deputy postmaster Bags are received by mid- day mines from 138 of the most important towns in the empire, to which others are despatched from the Post Office over v morning Since the coronation of her Majesty the Queen, in 1838, the mails have not been det need more than twice, and then the pressure of public business caused the delay the number of persons can play ed in the establishment, and the quantity of duty performed therein, is twelve times greater than it was a century ago bowman of Newspapius evasive Tiinocoii tut Gi nek vi Post office -So greatly has the transit of newspaper through the General Post-office increased dm wig the last few years that the public generally are but little aware of the daily amount of business done in that department of the public service. The following details, which may be relied upon may prove interesting - Upon every Saturday evening there are collected in London, by omnibuses specially our loy ed for that purpose, from the offices of the various publishers and news vendors, not less than 20,000 newspapers By the mail) carts from the branch offices in Lombard street, Charing cross, Old Cavendish street, the Borough, and numerous receiving houses, 26,00, by the letter-carriers while ringing bells in the streets, 7000, at the window of the portico of the chief office in St. Martin's le Grand, before 6 o'clock v vi, (the hour at which the box closes), 15,000 , after that hour until half past 7 a. m , IoOO, with which s d each is charged its a late fee" The duty, in the newspaper office coming races on Saturday evening at a quarter to o o clock and the papers have to be taken over into the Inl and office, " made up in the bags of the post towns, 900 in number (bes do the whole of Ireland and Scotland), by 15 minutes I before eight, to allow time for the despatch of the letters by that born , consequently the whole of this enormous number of newspapers 1 has to be separately "fined," "asserted," re- I assorted," put into boxes at the roads," I made up, and taken in the mail bags into the Inland-office within the limited period of three hours. In the performance of this duty upwards of three hundred men are employed. 1500 late papers per night, at one half-penny each, which is about the average throughout the year, gives £937 10s. per annum for late I fees alone, the whole of which sum is now paid to the credit account of the revenue, no part of the proceeds being now allowed, as heretofore, as an emolument to the inspector of letter carriers. The total number of newspapers passing through the office on Saturday night alone, from the sources above enumerated, is not less than 100,000. Taking into account the quan | tity despatched by morning mails, and passing through London daily, the average per week may be fairly set down at 600,000 ; which number being multiplied by 52 gives, as passing through the General Post- office in the metropolis alone, the astonishing number of 31,200,000 newspaper annually. Wool Canoes I beg to make a few observations on wool cargoes. Can any other conclusion be drawn from the fact of the steam arising from the cargo being allowed to pass through the seamen's berth, than that such has been permitted, because it was the most economical plan; a plan, which although it may save a few pounds to the owner, jeopardize the health and lives of the crew ! The remedy appears to be easy. Wooden fines would carry off the steam into the atmospheric air, and prevent it from affect- ing any person on board the vessel, Why have not these been erected ? It is deplorable to think how little care is bestowed upon the state of the seamen's berth on board of merchant ships. in the Australian traders the bulk-head between the hold, and the men's berth is purposely left with interstices to admit the steam and fume from the wool cargo to pass through ! The effect has been described, and I have been assured that when a person holds his head over the scuttle the steam condenses on his face and runs off in drops ! If the captain is appealed to by the suffering crew, his answer is, that he cannot permit the bulk- head to be closed, as, in that case, the steam would find vent aft, and annoy his passengers ! Without imputing direct blame to the commander, we may assert it to have been his duty before quitting the home port, to have pointed out to the owner the result that would follow from the general plan adopted, and to have urged the necessity for remedy the neglect of which outrages the feelings of humanity and justice. We have been further assured that, when a ship freighted with wool arrives in the docks, after a four or five months' voyage, the beds of the men, to use their own expression, I are as "rotten as under," and fall in pieces on being lifted ! Alternately steamed and cooled, exuding at all ports, and suddenly having the moisture evaporated by a freezing atmosphere, it may readily be believed, that no human being could support uninjured such vicissitudes. Disease and death are the inevitable consequences, and as an awful responsibility rests somewhere, it is to be hoped that a speedy remedy will be applied to the evil.-Humamtas. -Nautical Magazine. 