PUBLIC MEETING ON EDUCATION AT JERRY'S PLAINS. A meeting was held at Alcorn's Inn, Jerry's Plains, on the Gthinst. according to notification to take Into consideration— first, the propriety of petitioning the Governor and Legislative Council for the establishment at that place of ik anil mil itn/likW link ik mot t fivotfllll HI It. ft II Alt . U auiiuill IIIIUUI HIV VlvlJvlIlt wjoivm vi wmm.iw- tion as adopted by tlio Legislative Council. Secondly, to petition the Governor and Legis lative Council for the establishment of a Court of Petty Sessions at Jerry's Plains. It had boen considered desirable for the convenience of the inhabitants, that these very distinct sub jects should be discussed 011 the same day. The meeting having assembled, James Robert son, Esq., of Plashett, was ununimously called to the chair. After reading the advertisement calling the meeting, the Chairman said that if any gentle man had a resolution to move, now was the time to do so, upon which Mr. JohnRobcrtson rose mid said- Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen — A resolution in fuvaur of the General System of Education, as adopted by the Legislative Council, having been placed in my hands to propose for your adoption, it becomes my duty to offer a few remarks in its support. You are doubtless all awnre that a select committee of the Legis lative Council brought up a report to that body on the subject of education, decidedly in favour of the system known as that of Lord Stanley ; you are also aware, gentlemen, that during the period between the committee so bringing the report up and the day appointed for the Council to decide as to whether it would udopt it, a vast number of petitions for and against it were presented : the latter, however, being by far the most numerous. It was op- posed 011 all hands by a great majority of the clergy of the colony, who it would appear from their statements, either did not clearly understand the system, or did not fairly repre sent it: Gentlemen, it is a system (1 believe the only one yet tried) by which all denominn- nations of christians can conscientiously send their childicn to one general school, no sur- render of principle being asked from any ; in proof of which, if you will allow me, I will read a short extract from the- speech of Rogir Thorry, Esq , delivered in the Legislative Council, during the late debate upon Nutionnl Education. The lion, gentleman stilted, when speaking of Lord Stanley's system, that " No surrender 011 the part of any class of Chris tians was required ; as it was shown by the evidence of the Rev. Dr. Carlisle, a Presby terian minister, that the Extract Lessons were prepnred, in the first instance, by himself: they wcte then submitted to the revision of the Archbishop of Dublin/and Dr. Murray ; after which, proofs, were seut to' the Board, for their approval, previous to their being printed." It appearing, however, during the debute, that the opposcrs of- Lord Stanley's System bad partially made out a case, that is that there certainly were objections to the clergy of the several denominations assembling at the schools at particular times, for the purpose of undertaking the religious instruction of the pupils, nn amendment was proposed by W. C. Wcntwortb, Esq., which wus adopted by the council, and which I will now read :— 1\. That Uiis Council having taken into con sideration the Report of the Select Commit tee appointed to inquire into, and to report upon the state of Education in this colony, and to devise the means of placing thc:edu- cation of youth upon a basis suited to the wants and wishes of the community— Re- solved, that it is advisable to introduce Lord Stanley's System of National Education into . this Colony, with this modification— that instead of the clergy and pastors of the se veral denominations being allowed to impart religious -instruction in the schools, the children be allowed to be. absent from school one duy in each week, exclusive of Sunday, for the purpose of receiving such instruction elsewhere ; but that all Denomi national Schools now in existence, having sehool-rooms already built, which have been or shall be, .within the next twelve months, conveyed in trust for the purposes 'of the school, aud having now, or which shall have within the next twelve months, an uverago attendance of- fifty scholars, shall be entitled to aid from the Board. 2\. That in order to introduce this system, .his Excellency the- Governor bo requested to appoint u board of persons, i'uv.ouruble to tho introduction of Lord Stanley's Nutionul System- of Education, and belonging to the different -denominations; this board to- be invested with a very wide discretion, as to the arrangements necessary for carrying the system into effect ; and all funds' to be henceforth applied to the purpose of educa tion, to be administered by them. 3\. The leading principle by which the Board of Education shall bo guided, is to afford the same facilities for education to all classes of protcssing christians, without any attempt to interfere with the peculiar reli- gions opinions of any, or to countenance proselytisra, 'A. That the Board be incorporated. 6\. That an Address be presented to his Excel- lency the Governor, transmitting the above Resolutions, and praying that he will be i pleased to take them into his favourable consideration, and carry them into effect. This, then, gentlemen, is the oonclusiou that out talented and efficient representatives in the Legislative Council have come to, Before moving the resolution now in my baud, 1 am desirous of mukiug a lew observations relative to the petitions which I have alluded to as having been presented to the Cuuiuil ugainst LordStanley'sJSvstem of Education. They were for tho most part got up by the clergy— than whom for such a purposo a more efficient machinory could not possibly be made use of, possessing as they do abundance of spare time to devote to the collection of signatures, and being as they are, located in almost every dis trict of the colony. Gentlemen, there are strange reports afloat, attributing . almost positive misrepresentation to certain rev. gentlemen, in order to obtain signatures to these petitions, and if we may judge of the assertions made useof by them, whilst'cnnvass. ing for support, and by those made by some ol them at a meeting held in Sydney, Bishop Broughton being in the chair, subsequently to the decision of the Council, there can be but little doubt these reports are not wholly groundless. I will, with your permission, gentlemen, rend an extract or two from some of the speeches which I have alluded, to. I find the Rev. Mr. Walsh saying, when speak ing of the system adopted, that " No sacred lesson that wfon repeated pointed to the evil of some flagrant family sin— conveying an unin tended but stern rebuhe— nothing of all this, or of the hundred ways in which the' same prin ciple of Christian training- might be illustra- ted. No ; these were luxuries which the State was not to pay for. People were ignorant— they wanted knowledge— this the Stale would give thcin — religion was an old wile's tale, fit for parsons and old women." Before passing to another extract, I will observe that when the rev. gentleman made use of the words " these were luxuries which the State was not to pay for," I think lie must have been labour ing under an hallucination. The Council have merely transferred the greater portion of the duty of religious instruction to the clergy, who will continue to receive for performing it stipends amply sufficient for their support; and in doing so I think the Council have done the country a service, for at the same time that it provides the children with efficient religious in. struction.it provides the clergy with a much more|scenilyemploynientthanhawkingpetitions about thceountry i'or any purpose. But to return to the assertions made at the meeting before referred to, I find in the speech of. the Rev. Mr. Sconce " The people knew that the scrip tures would not be fully taught in the pro posed system of education ; they had heard that the proposed system was a semi infidel sys- stem,and they believed it." Now, gentlemen, in order to give you an opportunity of Judging whether the system is as it is represented anti- religious and infidel, I cannot do better than read an extract from the. speeeh of the Rev. Dr. Lang in the Legislature on the. subject : — " The principle on whieh it was founded was to give religious instruction without teaching those matters on which there were controversies— to teach the children those fundamental truths which form the groundwork of Christianity, which were agreed to by Christians of all churches, and which maintained the great facts and principles of revealed religion as recog nised by all, But here he must observe, that one or two witnesses before the Select Com mittee almost disputed that there were such great fundamental principles on which all Christians were agreed. In fact, some of the replies were so singular on that head, that it had been deemed wise by the parties giving them to leave them out of the printed Report He had asked a reverend gentleman, " whether there were not certain great principles of re vealed religion recognised by all, and which served as a basis for their common faith ?" The answer was, " that he was not prepared to say there were such principles ; he would not say that one truth or doctrine was more important than another." Passing, however, from this point, he would revert to the charge of irreli- gion and infidelity which had been so recklessly brought against Lord Stanley's System, He asserted,, in the most unqualified terms, that the system was founded on the principles of the doctrine of Christ, and in proof of this as sertion, he would read a few such Scriptural extracts as' were among the lessons appro priated for the schools. The hon. and rev. member then read the following passages:.— Hear, O Israel, the Lord, thy God is one Lord. God, is, a Spirit, and they that worship Him, must worship him in spirit and in truth. There is none righteous ; no, not one. All. have sinned and come short of the glory of God. The wages of sin is death ; but the gift of God is eternal life, through Jesus Christ our ..Lord. It is appointed unto all men once to die, but after death the judgment. God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in> Him should not perish, but have everlasting life. God spared not his own Son, but freely de livered him up to the death for us all; Thou shall love the Lord, thy God, with all thy soul, wiilr all thy heart; with all thy strength, and with all. thy mind. This is the first Commandment; and the second is like unto it. Thou shall love thy neighbour as thy self. On these two Commandments hang all the Law and the Prophets. Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them. He liath shewn thee, O' man, what is good, and what doth: the Lord, thy God;, require' of thee but to do justly; to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God; Pure religion and undefiied, before God, even the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world. Such were the principles embodied in the books which were read in the schools established under Lord Stanley's System ! And yet per sons could be found who denounced it as an infidel system, and unblushingly uttered so false, so wicked a calumny. It would be seen that these extracts were taken both from the Protestant and Catholic Testaments, but there could not be a shadow of a shade of difference detected in the meaning, whether the extract was from one version or the other ; and surely to Protestants, who themselves used two ver sions of the Psalms, this could be no serious objection. (Hear.) Now referring to the fun. damental truths set forth in the passages he had read, and comparing them with the catalogue of names in the first Book of Chronicles, could any one attempt to persuade him that the truths of the one were not of infinitely more importance than the truths of the other, (Hear.) The hon. and rev. member then recounted the cir cumstances which had led to the establishment of the Martiniere System in India, where a General Martin having made a princely bequest to be devoted to education according to the principles of the Christian Religion, the Bishop of Calcutta had claimed for the Church of Eng land tlie right of appropriating the money. This right had been successfully resisted, and at length Bishop Wilson, although with appa- rently great reluctance consented to engage with the Vicar General of the Church of Rome, and the Senior Presbyterian Minister, in framing a scheme of religious instruction, which should embody the fundamental principles recognised by the five Christian Churches, namely, the English, Scotch, Roman, Greek, and Arme nian, and. which should at the same time ex- elude all points which were in controversy between them. A cede of regulations was prepared by them, and from it he (Dr. L.) would read the following passages — The following are the main truths held in common, on which the public religious in struction should in your Commiftee's opinion, proceed. " 1st. The Being of God ; his unity and per fections. " 2nd. The Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, a revelation inspired by the Holy Ghost. " 3rd. The Mystery of the adorable Trinity "4th. The Deity, Incarnation, Atonement and Intercession of our Lord and Saviour Jesu, Christ. s "5th. The fall and corruption of man ; his accountableness and guilt. " 6th. Salvation through grace, by the meritorious saciifice and redemption of Christ " 7th. The personality and Deify of the Holy Spirit, and his operations and grace in the sanctification of man. "8th. The indispensable obligation of re pentance towards God,, faith in Christ, and continual prayer for the grace of the Holy Spirit. " 9th. The moral duties which every Chris tian is bound to perform towards God, his neighbour, and himself, as they are summed up in the ten commandments, and enlarged upon in other parts of the Holy Scriptures, all based on the doctrines above specified, and enforced as their proper fruits." These were among the regulations set forth in that general' system, and I ask, gentlemen, wi'h the rev. doctor, is it not a vile calumny to call such a system an " infidel system ?" (applause) Again, gentlemen, at that meeting and on all other occasions the enemies of the General System have laid great stress upon the fact of so large a number of persons, viz., 25000, having signed the petitions against it. Now as I happen to know something of one or two of these petitions, I will proceed to shew you the real amount of their value. One of them, that of the Rev.,Mr. Cameron, .of Single, ton, was sent round for signatures by the Chief. Constable of Patrick's Plains, who made use of extraordinary misrepresentations to effect that object— one case of which was that of waiting on a Mr. Ward, who is here present, and who at the time the Chief Constable thought was a Protestant, therefore, in order to recommeud it told him that it 'V was a petition against Catholicgovernment.'.' (Mr. Ward here stated that Mr. R.'s assertion was perfectly, correct ) Of course; as Mr. Ward, happened to be a l/ltillUlIU, I II IB UCBUI IJ.U1UII tilll iiuicaubc Jl u very favorable reception from him. Now as Mr. Chief Constable recommended it to his Protestant hearers as being against Catholic government, no doubt he recommended it to his Catholic hearers as being against Protest ant government. Another ease of, I believe, . the same petition, occurred to a map, a Scotch Presbyteriun, named M'Leod, on the estate of -John Smith, Esq, of Birnam Wood. The , petition was offered to him to attach his signa ture, but before doing so, the " canny, Scot" enquired what this system of Lord Stanley's was that the clergy, were so bitterly opposing; jand what think you, gentlemen, was-. the de scription given to it on; this occasion I why .that it was one by which he would be com pel led to send his children to a school where they would be taught by Catholic teachers. ' Yes. that the teachers must . necessarily be .Catholics, and that the Legislative Council ! would certainly introduce it if every exertion : was not made against it, and upon this false ; representation M'Leod was induced to attach .his name to the petition, in which course he was followed by his son or sons. : I am sorry I cannot say which ol the two petitions, whether that of Patrick's or Jerry's Plains, received M'Leod's name in this way, but certain it is that one or other of them did 90 receive it. By' the by, it may not be out of place- here to say that a very large portion of the persons who signed the Jerry's Plains petition signed the Patrick's Plains petition also, it having been sent to Jerry's Plains for that purpose ; and I have no doubt that the Jerry's Plains petition in its turn visited Patriek's Plains for the same object. Now if this system has been exten. sively adopted in more populous districts, it is ' notdifficult to account for the 25000 signatures. But, gentlemen, lest there should beany one still doubtful as to the real value of these petitions,. I will mention the case of the one got up by the Rev. Mr. Cooper, of this place, against the General System of Education. It was, gentlemen, actually and positively signed by some 60 persons before it was written. But, gentlemen, the cream of the thing is that sub sequently to the petition of that rev. gentle, man being written out, he has avowed that he does not clearly know what Lord Stanley's system is— truly this is the blind leading the blind. Gentlemen, in making these assertions I am truly glad to see that the rev. gentleman is now in me veranaan or mis nouse, ana tliat his eldest son is here taking notes of my ad dress to you I am glad I say, because if 1 have stated anything that is incorrect, they will have an opportunity of replying to my observations. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, the sys tem has had to contend with.the most strenuous, opposition from the clergy of every religious body. On this question we find the rival Churches of Rome and England for- the first time fighting in the same ranks ; indeed from the course pursued by the clergy I begin to think that they must have bad a congress- meeting, at which I can fancy some such dialogue as the following taking place between the two bishops, and the Moderator :— Bishop Polding — 1 tell you what it is, Broughton, we have been abusing each other so long that ihe people begin to see from our own arguments intended as attacks upon each other, that we Lave no right to the patronage and power at present in our hands over the educational, establishments which receive aid from the public revenue. Bishop Broughton— Indeed Polding, I believe you are right, we have not aoted wisely. The Moderator- Then whyfnot all set to work, and try to keep it among 11s,. and for the future be contented to divide 'IKie spoil. Bishop Broughton — Yes, we must do so: The laymen begin to see what they might have seen years- ago— namely, that whatever claim we may have to superintend and rule over ihe. religious education of the children of the colony, we can have no possible right to arrogate to ourselves the control of secular education,. Still I think if we all pull to- gemer we may nave it our own way yet. — Gentlemen, a great deal lias been said about the majority which carried. Mr. Wentworth's amendment. being simply one. I should' not .have said anything upon this part of the sub ject, had it not at the meeting of the bishop and clergy before alluded to, been made the groundwork of attacking and taunting .the members of the Legislative Council who com posed that majority. Now, gentlemen, from, the.ranks of the minority I can select a suffi cient number of gentlemen who expressed themselves decidedly favourable to the general system, to make the majority 16 to a minority of 9, and why did they not vote in accordance with their opinions publicly expressed ? simply, gentlemen, on acoount.of these peti tions, a. sample of which I have laid before you, which, had the truth been known at the time, would not have had the. slightest weight. (Mr. R. here read extracts from the speeches of R. Windeyer, John Lamb, and Charles Nichol son, Esqs., in support, of his assertion ) But, gentlemen, were there no other objection to the Denominational System than the extra, expense necessary to carry it out, it would ba a fatal one. Were that system adopted it would be necessary if all the children were to. be provided with education, to establish no less than three schools in this small com»- munity, whereas, if the General System .were' adopted, one would be ample. If I; mistake; not, the grant for 1845 for education is but £7000. It therefore is particularly desirable that the.moat should be got out. of it, .and the way to do that is, in my opinion, to establish one general school in each locality. Another great objection to the Denominational System is,, that by it it seldom, occurs tliat efficient schoolmasters are appointed— it appears that the only attainment considered necessary by the clergy is a sufficient quantum of subser viency, to them. In conclusion I will say to you gentlemen who signed the petition against a General System, do not faney that because you did so sign it that you cannot now ask for it with any thing like consistency— this you can safely. ; for at the time the petition was placed in your hands,, the question was one unde cided by the Legislative Coucil. The. General System has now become the law of the land, and you will only be asking for a fair share of I the advantages to be derived from it ;. besides consistency, if carried, too far, becomes obsti- nacy, and if you are inoonsislent;'at. least you. are so in good company, for it is not many years since Dr.: Lang,, and Messrs. Saunders, j Ross, and Hetherington opposed it as you have i done, and since assumed conspicuous places in its support,, (the opinions of the latter geritle- man have changed within a very short time, I think not more than one month), therefore, when you see such men as these, whose pe culiar duty it is to acquaint themselves with : everything connected with education,, come ! forward and say, we were wrong, we did not ' understand the system,. it had been, misrepre- sented to us, surely, you will not be too siiffi- \- necked to go and do likewise,..' (Applause.) At the conclusion of Mr. Robertson's ad. dress, of which we (jive only a meagre outline, it having occupied nearly two hours in its delivery, that gentleman proposed the follow, ing resolution « That a school, under the General System as adopted by the Legislative Council, is the only one applicable to the cir cumstances "of Jerry's Plains." Andrew Doyle, Esq., in rising to second the resolution of Mr. Robertson, said he did so with much pleasure. James Cooper, Esq., then coming forward, the Chairman said that he hoped the meeting would give that gentleman as patient a hear ing as it had given Mr Robertson. Mr Cooper then said— Gentlemen, it may perhaps be considered presumption in me 'rising as 1 now do, a perfect stranger, to ad dress you. But although not known to more than half a dozen persons in the room, he could not sit quiet and hear statements made affecting his father's character as a clergyman. It bad not been his intention when he came to that meeting to take any part in its proceed- ings, but when lie heard his father charged with misrepresenting the prayer of a petition, in order to obtain signatures thereto, he felt it his duty to say, that he was quite snre that his father never could have done so ; and he thought the Chairman ought not to have al lowed Mr. Robertson to make such assertions as, that before it was written 60 names had been placed to the petition which his father had prepared, without offering some sort of proof of their being correct. Mr. Robertson saidthat one of the persons from whom he had received the information was Dr. Jenkins, who he was happy to see was now present, and who no doubt would explain the matter. Dr. Jenkins said he did not deny that Mr C., immediately on his return from Sydney, did present him with a paper, on which were several signatures, intended to be appended to a petition to the Legislative Council. The Rev. Gentleman said that he had made a rough sketch of -a petition, but had hot liad time to make a fair cqpy, as he had just returned from Pitt'Tqwh,. where lie had been seeing his eld est son, who was seriously ill. He assured him that its prayer would be' simply to request as sistance- for the school lie had already estab lished at Jerry's Plains. 'He first demurred signing his .name, but on Mr. Cooper's giving jfftim his pledge that that whicli lie had stated Bi/y should' be" the subject of the Petition, he .without further hesitation' did so, having every confidence in MrT C. as a minister of the gos pel, that he would not be "deceived; and he was happy to state to. the meeting, that not withstanding whatever they may have been tnM tn f Vl a nnntvovu fUn Dnlltlnn fnnnravilail 1-t «r vv vny vuu viuiij f nib i, U U LIU u IUI nniuuu uj the Rev. Mr. Cooper, and to which the signa tures alluded _to_were affixed, -did-only breathe ; the prayer he had mentioned. . Mr. Cooper resumed— Gentlemen, when Mr Robertson commenced his very voluminous speech he - promised to make his hearers ac quainted with Lord Stanley's ' System, and although he (Mr Cooper) would aduiif that lie was as ignorant of that system as his father had acknowledged himself to be, he was sorry to say he was no better acquainted with it now than he had been when he came to the meet ing. He (Mr C) would appeal to the chairman if it were not too much for Mr R. to say that the petitionnjof 25,000 persons were no better than waste paper. The Chairman here said that he did not understand Mr R. to say that the whole of the petitions were alike, but merely shewed that they were liable to suspi cion, from the facts he had stated, and was going on to offer his own opinions when Mr C'ooper said that he thought the Chairman's duty simply, was to keep order and not to 'dis cuss the question. The Chairman : said that, having been, appealed to by Mr. Cooper he had only done as Mr C. desired him— further, that he thought that Mr C. should bring some, thing before the meeting as an amendment. Mr John Robertson then rose and said, that he trusted the Chairman would allow Mr Cooper to go on in his own way. He (Mr R) thought that every latitude ought to be given, in order that Mr. Cooper might if possible sn- USJituiunry uispruve luo diuieuieuis wuiuii 110 (Mr R.) had felt it his duty, however disagree able, to lay before the meeting; and for his part he should be only too glad if Mr. Cooper -succeeded. Mr. Cooper resumed. He thought also that Mr R. had no right to say that the schoolmas. ters under the Denominational System -were inefficient without being prepared to prove the assertion. His father, had been accused of had faith in misrepresenting the prayer of the petition. Now he did not think that if a dozen persons could be found who would say that the petition was not what they were led to expect it would be— (a voice— "half. a-dozen too many") — in the whole matter he (Mr C.) did not consider bis father had been treated with proper respect. For his own part he did not stand there as the champion of any sect. He was a member of the Church of Englaud, but he was opposed to all intolerance, and he admired every man who followed up the con victions of his conscience. Mr. Harpur rose and said that a great deal had been said about the manner of obtaining signatures to petitions; some facts had come to light certainly reflecting no great credit on the parties concerned in their part of the bu- ' siness. But the petitions themselves were in- volved in as much mystery as ever. Two pe titions had gone from Jerry's Plains, and no one appeared to know what they were about. He could inform them about one which he iiad been allowed to read by the party into whose hands it had fallen. That which he had -seen abused the Catholics, and called them, nicknames, such as Romanists— a name which every member of his church felt to im- ply contempt, and yet strange to say, the names of Catholics had been obtained to this document so calumniating their religion, And abusing themselves. He must say that these persons could not know what they had signed —that their signatures, at leastj liad been ob tained by false representations. With regard to the other petition, which it appeared had been signed upon trust, ho shrewdly suspected that the object of that was to solicit Govern ment aid to the present Denominational School of the Church of England, on the ground that some children of Catholic parents were attending it. If so, he affirmed that no Catholic would send liis child to that school, if he for a moment supposed that the circum stance would be laid hold of to secure its per manent establishment to the exclusion of more liberal institutions ; far less give the sanction of his name to a petition which was grounded on such a representation. But there were many Catholics who did not send their chil dren there— and he for one thought that no firm adherent to the Catholic principle could conscientiously avail himself of Mr. Cooper's school. In conclusion, lie said that whaiever might be his opinion with regard to the system elsewhere, lie perfectly agreed with the motion of Mr. Robinson— that the General System alone was applicable to Jerry's Plains. Mr. Jenkins said — It was not liis intention on entering the room to take any part in the discussion of the subject before the meeting, but he felt called upon to occupy their atten tion a short time. He considered that the ob ject of tlie meeting, and that only for which it was convened, was simplyto consider whether a school on thegeneral system was or was no t most applicable to the wants of this district. It was not for the meeting to discuss which system would be most advantageous to the colony in general, but which best suited the wants of the children of the inhabitants here. Understand ing as he did that assistance from the Govern ment could only be obtained for Denomina tional schools where the children numbered fifty, however, much he might wish it were otherwise, he'was convinced, taking thecir- eumstances of the parents into consideration, that a school on the General System was the only one' now applicable to our community. He should therefore support the resolution. - Mr. Chorley, Episcopalian schoolmaster, rose andsaid— that he did not understand the charges brought against the petitions by Mr. Robertson, but he could assure the meeting that the situation of schoolmaster was not a very enviable situation. He then went into an elaborate account of the profits of the school, wherein he shewed that there was a sum ap- proachtug to five pounds sterling due to him, and which, Mr. Cooper's letter, which induced him to come from Sydney, promised would be made up by subscriptions. Mr. Chorley concluded a somewhat lengthy address by again assuring the meeting that. the situation of schoolmaster at Jerry's Plains was not an enviable situation. Mr. John Robertson rose to reply. He had been accused of attacking the character of Mr. Cooper, Sen. This he had no intention of doing : his object was to attack the system, not the men. He thought it extremely unseemly for the clergy to go about with petitions as had been proved to be the case in every district in the colony. It was converting the clergy into a political machiue, which, if left alone, would ride roughshod over the liberties of the people, lie had never accused Mr. Cooper of breaking faith with the persons who signed the blank form, he had almost called it a petition.: his object was merely to show that Mr. Cooper was entrusted to sign a petition against Lord Stanley's System by some 60 persons, none. of whom it appeared knew anything about that system. And to make the tiling still more ab- usrd, even Mr. Cooper himsell was at the time equally uuacquainted with it. It had been attempted by Dr. Jenkins to make it appear that the petition alluded to was not against Lord Stanley's System ; but if so he would like (o know whv (lie Dr. did not sav so in direct terms, and not go about the bush as he had done. Or why if all was right with regard to these matters did not Mr. Cooper come in and say so; if anything that he Mr. R. had stated was incorrect, it would be the easiest thing in the world for Mr. Cooper to come in and say so. But no, nothing had been said on the subject by any one who could say '' I have seen the petition, its prayer is Gentlemen, nothing but positive proof will ever make me believe that the names on that peti tion are not counted among the mucli venerated 25,00,0, Mr. Cooper says that I failed in my promise to shew you what Lord Stanley's system really is. .Gentlemen, none are so dull as jjlie who won't understand : I think the ex tract alone from the able speech of the Rev. Dr. Lang was sufficient for that purpose, He then stated that I have no right to say that the schoolmasters under the Denominational system are inefficient. After Mr. Chorley's address to you, I am quite sure that it is perfectly un necessary for me to say one word on that sub ject. Dr. Jenkins and Mr. Cooper had alluded to the school as one permanently established, and so also had Mr. Harpur; he would say that it was merely temporarily so. He remem bered when the meeting took place at the church on the subject. Mr. Cooper moved a a resolution to the effect, "That the meeting pledge itself to pay the expensesof a school master and mistress from Sydney," upon which he Mr. John R. moved an amendment to the effect, "that the meeting are opposed to. Mr. Cooper's causing persons as schoolmasters and schoolmistress to be brought from Sydney, but that that gentleman be empowered to hire persons in the neighbourhood to fill (hose situations with a salary of £52 per annum for a limited time, so that should the Legislative Council introduce a General System of educa tion, so far as this school is concerned, nothing should prevent it." This was at the meeting, seconded by Mr. Andrew Doyle, and carried by acclamation, so that Mr. Cooper had no right now to lay any claim for the school to' be considered an established one. But, gentlemen, if it were otherwise it would be highly illiberal, unjust, aye, even dishonest, to ask for this school the support of the State. We all know that there cannot be two schools here, and we also know that the Roman Catholic portion of the community cannot conscientiously send their children to a school under the government of a Church of England minister. Knowing thjs, gentlemen, and that it will of necessity prohibit the education of the children of our Catholic neighbours, I ask which of you will be found when this meeting is called upon to give its decision to hold up his hand for any thing so thoroughly selfish. Gentlemen, from those of my Catholic neighbours my own re ligious opinions are wide as the poles asunder, still I am of opinion that in matters connected with the expenditure of public money they have never been fairly treated. You have now an opportunity of showing your sense of justice towards them, and I am sure you \vill do so ; that there will not be of this large meeting one single individual opposed to the resolution which I have laid before you. The Chairman then put the resolution, and was announcing that it was' carried by accla mation, when Mr. Chorley, parish clerk, stated that he-was opposed to it; which remark was received by the meeting with immoderate laughter and cheers. When quiet was restored, the Chairman said the resolution was carried. We have omitted to mention that during Mr. Robertson's reply to Mr. Cooper's speech, Mr. R. said "that a case had just been told him of the manner of obtaining the name of Mr. Owen Hynds to the petition, Rev. Mr. Coo per, and Mr. Copp it appeared entered Mr. Hynd's .house, he being from home, and asked Mrs. Ilynds if Mr Ilynds would allow his name to be put to the petition. Mrs. Hynds said she did not know anything about it, upon which Mr. Copp in the presence of Mr. Cooper wrote Hynds' name to it. 