MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Some time since one of the Australian Agricultural Company's servants, who not the charge of the pig stock at Stroud, missed one from the herd under his care and at once gave it up for lost. Nothing was heard or seen of the animal till some workmen were descending one of the silos recently made on the hill, a few hundred yards from the town, where to their great astonishment they found the lost animal, and that alive to. It appears that a a few hundred bushels of grain deposited in the siloe had been removed to fill up an adjoining one, and it is supposed the scattered grains served as a decoy to the poor animal, when he accidently fell in. The siloe had been cleanly swept out, and a fire had been made for the purpose of drying and airing it. The depth of the siloe is about 22 feet, down which the pig fell, and the poor creature's stay in this subterranean, cavern was 37 days. The charcoal left from the fire was the poor animal's chief support the whole of that time, it having been without a drop of water or any other moisture.-Attstralian. In a trial at our quarter sessions, on Saturday last, for stealing a watch from the bedroom of Mr George Poynter, at Willing ham, the following conversation took place on cross-examinations the prosecutor and Mr. Byles, counsel for the prisoners Mr. Byles: Where do you live? Mr Poynter: At Willingham; but I am not a Willingham man. At hat are you? An engineer; I was apprenticed to Henry Maudsley, partner to Sir Isambert Brunel, of Thames Tunnel notoriety. Well, what else are you Why, I am a gunsmith a locksmith, and bell-hanger, iron-arm and lathemaker, edge-tool maker, watch and clockmaker and repairer, mathematical instrument maker, weighing machines scale, and steelyard-maker, knife maker and grinder, publican and licensed victuallers and an old man of War's roan, and was engaged in the glorious action between the Shannon and the Chesapeake. In fact, I am half-brother to Caleb Quote. Are you not a conjurer as well? Oh! yes, that I am ; Monsieur Tester was a fool to me and if you are willing, I will show you one or two tricks, What can you do Well, if you will allow me, and not consider I am insulting, I will tell you. Oh, certainly go on Then, if you will just take off your wig, and get the gentlemen next you to grease your head, I will swallow you whole, and that you will be no more trouble to yourself nor to any one else. (Loud laughter, in which the Court and the learned counsel joined.) Mr Byles : You may stand down, Sir. Cambridge In dependent. Bigotry murders religious to frighten fools with her ghost, Lacon, Edited and published by CHARLES MACFAULL at the Gazette Office Perth. Terms of Subscription ..-IQs.perquar- ter, to be paid in advance, Single No., 6d. Terms of Advertising For 8 lines 3s. 6d., and 3d per line above that number. Advertisements must be painful Previous to entertain. 