THE B3IG SQUATTERS' GoRIEVANCES. XALTnOUGH we did not intend-for the pro sent,to touch again on the squatting question, bur regard for the worthy writer df the following-letter, requires .at our hands some further explanation .of .the view we have taken-on the subject. He -says very truly, that -we are not sufficiently acquainted with the question-we admit -it-we never said we were-nay, we well know we.are not; nor do we know who is. Those who talk inost loudly about the mniittr in Sydney, only know it like ourselves, by hearsay; and what the more diminishes -the .vdiue.ofitheir knowledge is, that it is all ex parte, ob tained through their overseer's,who, of course, give it in their own favour.; or else they have it from resident squatters, whose 'feelings are naturally biassed by interest. The public generally, therefore, we are persuaded, (as O. S. B. says of ourselves) are -not acquainted with the squatting system.; and as it is an interest of great indeed, paramountimportance, it isa matter of the highest.moment to be .properly un derstood by the public. No .well-wisher of the colony can do otherwise '.than most -earnestly.desire the 'extension'of our locks and herds.; and .of course, the .prosperity of .the owners- or squatters. -But there seems among:them some extraordinary hal lucination, as if the government had aimed some deadly blow at .their prosperity, nay, at their property. Their petition, when read, especially in the House of Lords, will, we are satisfied, ,bxcite these "potent, grave, and reverend signors," to an irrepressible smile, when they hear a voice from the antipodes that declares that the crown cannot .give legal grants of land.; and that, consequently, every nobleman's title to his estate is null and -void.! for if the crown cannot -lease its 'lands; (as the - learned squatters say it can-' not).& fortiori it cannot grant them, they being public property, and thie crown only a.trustee for the public, and in Australia for tonly -the Australian public! If the squatter's principle -be carried out, it would sap the.foundation bf all real property ! The .public assuredly are -not acquainted -with the -question, for thley 'always con sidered the squatters -as the favorites, not only of-fortune, but of government:: How so-? (asks our worthy squatting friend S.O.B) Why thus, says the public voice. You got free labour,- which it was that enabled you to occupy-these outer runs. You got what servants you wanted, as slaves without wages.-Was this no favor-? Then when this supply of .free labour was stopped, you cried out for immigrant-labour, .and the vast sum of nearly a million sterling was sent home to bring it to you: bringing on thereby such a monetary panic, as has shaken ' the -colony:to itse very centres and this sum too, in very small -part, paid by yourselves S-it was paid -by every man in?the-colony F who purchased an -acre of'lani from go. Sverrhmeglt.--Was this'no favor ? Next ye0 t called for the license feebtif £10, in br'der ti r keep aWay from you locw fellows--this, too a ,you got.-Wia this no favor? YOi~'thle; required. piotection, and you volunteered a head-mnoney on sheep and stock to defray the cost-this also was conceded to you. Was this .no favor? In short, what have the squatters received from government, but a succession of favors up to the 2nd of April last? and after all they are poor. Yet the squatters cry out amain as the most aggrived of men,--nay, speak of re moving the Governor for his political de-; linquency, and threaten (a Ia Captain Rock) passive resistance to his enormous-crushing -dreadful impost, of the 2nd of April! But when their Cicero rises in the house of Lords to dilate upon those more than Sicilian grievances-when this mountain, after its doleful heavings, brings to thelight its progeny-when this horrible incubus of taxation is unveiled to the world, it, amounts to--horresco referens!-how can we pen the terrific words, or declare the ap paling gravamen of the squatters ?-~'hy the Governor makes the bi9 ones pay as he makes the small ! and that this is at the frightful rate of three-fifths of a penny per head per annum for sheep! or a rent to' government amounting to something less than one-fifth of a penny per statute acre per annum for pasture land ! This\ op pression is surely enough to drive wise men mad ! The Governor, too, is a second Ycrres, aid' ought to be impeached,- be .cause hie does not allow a big squattepr.to grasp what land he'covets, or can grasp, and still only pay the old £10 i But the poor squatters have a still fur tver grievance: their fears torment them I they seem to have consulted some political cingane or fortune-tellers, who have per turbed theirterrified souls-they see through the murky veil of futurity, other Go yernors arising in quick succession (like the ghosts before King Richard) who may raise thii three-fifths of a penny to three farthings, or 25 per cent., and make it a settler I To prevent which, they de nounce the Governor : like some prince we read of, who dreaming an innocent man had stabbed him, to prevent the fulfilment, he had the man stabbed beforehand - so these squatters, because some future Governor may raise the license, want to punish Sir George Gipps, by dismission from his high office. The plain truth is, the squatters are angry, because they cannot.do what in the nature of things is morally impossible, viz., to draw a revenue from flocks and herds, scattered hundreds of miles distant through the wide surface of Australia, and managed by deputy-by superintendents. They find also that from the fallacious, and most mischievous system of banking in the colony, till within the last three years, that they have contracted debts, which the present prices of wool and stock disenable them to pay: and in those days, contracted habits of expense which they cannot now uphold, and being very generally in dis tress for money, and the great ones wishing to have the management of things their own way in the bush, and being out of humour for the reasons we have stated; having too some old grudges against the Go vernor for not advising the German Panacea of the Pfandbriefe, and his taking the great bull of the solvent debtors bill by die horns, they cry out against him, bristle up at the idea of any impost, utter such loud complaints, and put forth such a volley of hard words in speeches, protests, and petitions, with the auxiliary of the arrows of carica ture, that a stranger would suppose he had hung some mill-stone round their necks. Up to this, the squatters have suffered nothing-the new regulations only com mence in 1845, and even then, will at most, cause buta charge of three-fifths of a penny for' sheep, (as we said) a sum which is such an absoluhte .bagatelle, that were it: remitted, as well as the £10 now paid for a license, and the runs given gratis, it would, .as a relief to the squatters, be a nothing a drop in .the ocean; they would not feel it. We speak not in hostilityto the squatters \--we wish them prosperity-we lament their present want of it.: we wish the state of the land fund allowed the Governor, instead of equalizing the amount of license. money, by adding to that paid by the large squatters, that he could have done it by low ering it on the small, and remitting it altoge- I ther to the married and the resident. But as it ;appears he cannot, we could not be parties in raising an outcry against him for a measure of intrinsic equity, reason, and justice. Ma. Enron--I havefreqeently thought to write I 'to you on the subject of the late regulatious respect. ling Squatters, as I'regret to see'you arrayed on the laide of miglht against right,.sand as I am .persuaded !you are not sufficiently acquainted with the question. I happen to have a squatting license myself. The anew regulations, even it carried ilnto effect, will iscarcelyinterfere with me or my run, being not only illmiled but badly watered. Nevertheless, I consider the new regulations most pernicious; anod should the Governor persist in carrying his closet theory out, he will find himself sadly mistaken. On the face of these re;uladons there is an abpiiurdi:y which no man acquainted with the peculiarities of thIl colonywould be guilty of: 1 allude to that part having reference to the oetent of each rue orstia-l n,+ So far sa-l understand the question, the best speeclh made against the new regulations is that which Wir' James Macarthus delivered at Camden; the only 'par of that speech which is liable to censure is, in my opinson, that part in whichb 'he praises the present colonial minister. Lord E. G. Stanley-as ieoliess a statesman as ever assumed the charge of any colony or country. During the last year of' the Whig adsminiastration of Lord Melbourne, some threi or four colonial scribbler Induilged ihemselves in attackling their home and colonlal policy, and hailing the advent to power and 'place of their opponents. 'ho Tories. These Tories did at lengthl, take 'theplace held by the late government, and have been in power and commanded majorities in bo!h Houses of Parliament durnlog two sessions at least. '.Du.twhst' hns been one of their first acts aftier being so placed in power1 Why, to raise the price of Crown Landto£1 toLserling per acre. whereas 'one shilling would have been much nearer its value Since that time the colony has been retrograding at rail-road speed. Will ford Stanley acknowledge his error end alter'b!lipoliey 1 "Did bes"do'i owhen" r in'ailod, when "hIs 'atlempil to coerce a brave but u8flrtunite people earned for the.party totwhich heat that time belongsd thie not ee'irblidesiglnatlon of "'base' and bloody Whigs 1" 'The'oo;.t'J(pkrbf' thd!htc re'eulaious thatb appears t et m. ns all eq9ite blet , i tiae par in .i chich a di tinction is made in the amount of license, as most undeniably thers ought to be a difference made in regard to the immense tract of country occupied by Dr. Imlsy and holders or occupiers of small stations. Besides, Dr. Imlay has a whole line of sea coast; he can ship his sattle to markels at which he obtains remunerating prices for them, and his men and stores are conveyed to his stations at a trifling expense, and with great expedition a but Dr. Imlay's case is almost an isolated one. It is notorious that at the present moment the squatters and settlers generally are in straightened circumstances; and that few, if any of them are free from debt s nay, many of them have already passed through the ordeal of the Insolvent Court; it cannot be alleged that their prospects for the future are as yet in the least degree cheering. Bach being the case, how are they to pay additonal taxes 1 the idea is so monstrous that it would be idle to argue on such a.subject. But it will be said, (as it already has been), that the settlers and squatters, as a body, are an extravagant people. There was some reason for this' accusation about the period of the formation of Port Phillip, Since that time matters have altered, and you behold old and respectable settlers now-even magistrates of the country-driving their stock to market and avoiding the expense of Inns on the road, by taking bads on their carts or drays and bushing it at night. Sir Richard Bourke established the present license fee and asessment, when ewes sold for 35s. or 40s..each; when fat oxen brought £0 or .O10 each; mixed cattle, £4 10s. per head; horses, £60 each ; and wheat would have then fetched from 16s. to 25a. per bushel;-how stands the case now I Ewes will not bring 3s. each ;-they have been sold so low as one shilling each ;-fat bullocks are melted down for the sake of the hide and tallow ; a good horse can be.,urchased for £10 ; and wheat will not pay for the men thrashing it out: yet it is at such a time bls Excellency Sir George Gipps comes out with a string of regulations, having for their object the further taxation of a .class of persons who are at their wits' end to devise means with which they may pay their servants. " Concentrate the population," exclaims a well known member of the executive council-yeas, 'concentrate the population' is all very well where such concentration can take place; but that well paid dignitary should know that it is not on dreary barren ranges a population can be concentrated; nature does not appear to have ever intended this colony to be densely, or even partially populated ; it is a country without rivers, and one too, in which thete are few springs and not many ponds. As to the clap-trap that the squatters will become too strong for the law, or that they.inten. to offer other than legal remonstrance, in regard to the late regulatiobsshthe Governor is himself convinced that the squatters know how kdependeont they are on the Governor, and that it would be folly on their part to fy in the face of a Governor to which they look up for protection. Sure I am, that you are not a castle hack, or that records of public oflices are not placed at your dis. posal in order to stop the cry of the squatters. That Governor who forged the irons and spikes on the soldiers Sudds and Thompson, and who would not allow the minister of religion to attend un happy culprits, found editors to eulogise his con duct. The present Governor has not done either of these things, and it is by no means surprising that his measures should find 'support in a portion of the press. O, S. B. 