THE SEASONS. (from conversations with cos. rachel.) spring. " W"c walk by faith, not by sight." — 2 Cor. v. 7. "-Ye were sealed witli that Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance until the re demption of the purchased possession, unto the praise ot his glory." — Eph. i. 13, 14. It is a bright spring morning. The sun- is shining on the fresh green leaves ; the dowers are springing in the fields and woods ; the sky is clear, the air is soft. It is the morning of the Lord's Day. The Church- door stands open, the bell calls to prayer, and over the fresh green fields, among the young leaves and the gay dowers, are seen the people in their Sunday - dress, hastening to the house of God. Among the people who are thus apjiroaching the house of God, is one who never came to that house before. An infant newly born is brought there. It is but a few weeks since this little babe entered into the world. Like the rest of the children of Adam, he has been born with a sinful nature. He is now brought to receive,- through God's bounteous mercy, that thiYig which by nature he cannot have, that new life which the Holy Spirit only can give. He is brought to the house of his Lord, who, when he was on earth said, " Slider little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of God ;" who ' put his hands upon them." Our Lord is now in heaven ; but before he returned thither, he gave commission to his A-ostles to " go teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." — He is now in heaven, and all power is given unto him also on earth. He bestows his blessing when the stewards of his mysteries wait on their ministry. This young child is now brought to him to be re ceived into his holy Church. As the ark of Noah was the only refuge in the waters of the dood : so is the Church of Christ the only home of safety in which man can be preserved from the wickedness of the world and brought to the land of everlasting life- ' The mother holds her infant in her arms, hushing him with her gentle voice, and blessing him in her heart ; and thanking God, who allows her so soon to make her child his child; thanking God that the heir of a sinful nature may be made a member of Christ's everlasting Church ; that she, who through weakness is so unable to keep her child from sin and danger, may place him under the care of an Al mighty Father. For all this, she thanks God in her heart. The font stands near the door of the Church. It is ready to receive the new Christian. "When the time comes for the baptismal service to begin, the sponsors bring the infant near the font : the mother looks on with anxious tenderness. Then the minis ter of Christ come3 near to the holy fountain of Christian life. As the streams spring out of the earth at God's bidding, to water the young trees and flowers, to make them grow and flourish : so th® | water of life stands ready in the house of God, to give life to. the souls of men. His minister is there ready to speak the sacred words which bring down blessings greater than our hearts can conceive.— Those sacred words are spoken by the appointed 1 shepherd of Christ's flock, and he offers up his pray- j ers, and the prayers of .the congregation, in the words of our holy mother the Church. The helpless infant is prayed for. The baptismal vow is made for. him. He is received into the communion of the faithful.; lie is signed with the sign of tiie cross ; he is dedicated to God ; lie is bound to be Christ's faith- fill soldier unto his life's end. The mother lias taken back her child. He is now made a child of grace. The words she has heard still sound in liPr ears ; she prays to God in her heart that her child may be carried safely over the waves of this troublesome world ; that he may always remember his Christian profession, NVhen she looks at his quiet sleep, she '.hinks of the mark which has been m-de upon his forehead ; she knows that at the day of judgment he will either be marked as the I child of grace for ever, or condemned for the abuse I of blessings lavished upon him : she thinks of this, 8 and prays more earnestly. When she lopks at the 1 while robes in which she has dressed him, she sees in them a token that he' is now washed clean, and covered with the robe of Christ's righteousness. She prays that he may keep his garment unspotted and undefilrd ; she prays that he may be taken into his Father's kingdom, and arrayed in white robes of glory, which can never be soiled. She prays that whenever her dear child -may be called away from tin? world, he may be taken to the rest ".which remaineth for the people of God ;" and her heart sinks at the thought of her dar ling- being taken from her ; but she gives him up to God, who lent him to her. With such thoughts she passes by the grassy, graves and the grey stones of the church- yard, see- ing the flowers spring up fresh and blooming like her infant, listening to her neighbours' kind words, and good wishes, and clasping her baby close as she Wulks quietly home. to be continued. 