THE IORNING CHRONICLE, SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1844. Be just and fear not: Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, Thy God's, and truths." Shakspeare. EDUCATION. "MR. CARMICHAEL'S INTRO DUCTORY LECTURE. Ma. CARMICHAEL has obliged us with a copy of his introductory lecture on Educa 'tion, on which, froni the' prominent place the question occupies in the public mind, as well as its extreme importance,' and :the ability and talent of the lecturer, it becomes necessary to say a few words. 'Notwithstanding that the style of Mr. Carmichael's lecture is laboriously ornate in many parts-a sort of- poetical prose, we' yet consider it to be in bad taste, (though he no doubt thinks it a perfection) to at tempt on a subject, which perhaps, more than any other which can engage the mind of the philosopher, statesman, or christian pastor, requires a calm, deliberate; 'and unbiassed judgment, to dazzle the imagina tion' with tropes and metaphors, and through the impulse of the imagination and feelings to lead captive the judgment: a style of argument, which however it might become on orator addressing a mixed multitude who seldom- reason deeply, but are guided by impulses rather than by the .conclusions of cool reason, does not comport with tho gravity of a philosopher. We then re' gard the "manner and mode of Mr. Car niichael'st lecture as very far from being bejst adapted to the subject; e. g. speak .ing of a clergyman's accomplishments' and duties, he says (p. 7) " His spirit must not only be: upheld by incessant and unseen communings with the UNKNOWN and in conceivable' author of all, but must be fraught with the impulses of that less ex tatic inspiration which is imbibed by drink ing deeply at the fountains of ancient lore. His peculiar' office is to make known to less favoured, and LESS PRESUMPTUOUS' mortals the special messages of heaven, and to unfold to men the mysteries of divine ad ministration; but, in order that he -may fulfil effectively this high and holy vocation, he must not only have all faith, but he must have the gift of prophecy, and UNDERSTAND ALL MYSTERIES, and have all knowledge., Nay, his acquaintance with human nature, profane literatrue, and secular 'science, in all their ramifications, is not expected to be less intimate than his knowledge of things spiritual and divine ;' inasmuch as the in dolent and confiding customs of all past ages, have mingled his daily and stated ministrations most intimately up with the political, social, and personal interests of mankind." .Such is a sample of the style and of the knowledge of the subject, displayed by this gentleman, who sets up as a teaoher of man kind !—a man whose style is much fitter for a debating club of unfledged sophisters, than the chair of- a professor delivering a sort of inaugural discourse on an important topic, in the presence of a Viceroy and an en lightened auditory. Mr. Carmichael -says, the Author of all is unknown ; he may be to Mr. C.-so he was to the Athenians who had an altar "to the unknown God," but not so was he to St; Paul, who said to them, "whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you."' Where did Mr. Carmichael find out that' a clergyman should be presumptuous ? Whereas it is in proportion as he is little in his own eyes, that he is most fit to receive the necessary graces to discharge well his sacred duties,. and guide souls to their final home-heaven; And of whom has he learned that he must understand all mysteries? Who, beyond the most arrant Sciolist in theology-nay what Sciolist has ever, before Mr. Carmi chael thought that a' Christian Pastor must understand all mysteries ? or any mysteries? Why are they mysteries? Because no man ever did, or ever can understand one of them: yet this public instructor who teaches even Viceroys wisdom, says a churchman must have the gift of prophecy, and understand ALL MYSTERIES ! We might very safely cease with this saggio of the wisdom of 'this Apostle of 'Education, dressed up, so as 'to seem the gold of sound sense and philosphical Christianity, in the tinselled garb of shining words, only calculated to dazzle and mis lead; but we will take another look. At page 8, we get a glimpse at the writer's real sentiments as to the Millen nium, which philosophers of a certain modern school pant for, as the fifth mo narchy men did for the reign of the saints on earth during the long 'parliament. He says: "The sober minded lover of his species, who embarks in the business of education with the high-minded purpose of adding his mite of exertion,' however humble, to the cumulative fund of high- toned philanthropy, which is growing with the growth of the wise and the good, in. every successive step in the advancement of social amelioration, until it shall become omnipotent to the regeneration of the race." This appears a close approach to sub- limity: Longinus, we fancy, might call it such—it shows the wonders to be wrought by philosophy. Not Hobbes, nor Herbert of Cherbury, nor Bolingbroke, nor David Hume, nor Rousseau, nor Robespierre, need be ashamed of it. Which of them during the "Age of Reason" uttered a more lofty piece of eloquence on the " high toned philanthropy," which was to prostrate all superstition before the majestic lessons of pure reason? Mr. Carmichael would not, we think, send the canaille of Paris to the prisons on the 2nd of September; nor fill vessels with priests, and then bore holes in them as in the Noyades. No; he takes a milder course—he just quietly excludes them from all concern in the Delightful task to rear the tender thought, To teach the young idea how to shoot. And pour the fresh instruction o'er the mind. No :—he will allow no clergyman to meddle with the human being till he is a man: all early education is to be the work of philosophers like Mr. Carmichael. " Hence," he says (page 9,) " it is the business of the divine to deal with the adult. His high sphere of occupation re quires him to be the spiritual guide of man in the maturity of his mental develope ment;" and this exclusion of the clergy man, he cloaks in the following garb of fine words (p. 10)—" Such observations as these are not meant to interfere with the divine in the discharge of his high and holy functions; but to free him from concern ment in a round of operations which the growing requirements of society pronounce to be an unnecessary clog to the perform ance of his sacred duties." So that out of regard for the clergyman and his- sacred duties---to make him respectable, and save him trouble, Mr. Carmichael will exclude him altogether, from all hand, or control over education ! This is certainly better then the lanterne or noyade; but will any conscientious clergyman, allow those young beings whom he loves-beings glowing in the precious spring time of life and inno cence, to be delivered up to a set of cold, speculative, and too often irreligious and sensual philosophers, until with their bodily and mental growth, their passions and animal natures also have grown pari passu, unchecked and unrestrained—will, we say, any conscientious clergyman, and we will add, will any conscientious parent, ever allow his dear and precious offspring to be confided to those men—(men like Rousseau, who wrote the beautiful book EMILE, and sent his illegitimate children to a foundling hospital)—until the period of "full grown reason," when the impulses of animal nature have also become full grown, and perhaps incapable of guidance or restraint, either by parent or clergyman? Mr. Carmichael, moreover, like too many other doctrinaires and theorists, we are in clined to think, confounds learning or in struction with education; but they are things which l ought most carefully to be distin guished: they do not always co-exist in the same mind. A man may be very learned and yet very uneducated in the proper sense of the word. Arius was a learned man—Manes—Julian—Herbert of Cher bury—Tindal—Toland—Chubb—Shaftes bury—Bolingbroke—Hume — D'Alembert —Diderot —Rousseau — Voltaire —even Robespierre and Danton were lawyers and men of some learning. Yet, it is clear, that not one of those we have mentioned were properly speaking, educated, that is, in structed in their duties to God—to their neighbour— to themselves : and that, therefore, they were in the most valuable and precious kind of knowledge, ignorant men. For Mr. Carmichael's millennium, when " the race" shall be " regenerated" through means of philosophy—we fear we must wait "a while." The failure of all those great and transcendant geniuses of antiquity who followed the light of pure reason, to construct a perfect code of morals or system of ethics, that mankind could be brought to embrace, although many at tempted it, shows that more than reason is requisite to form the perfect man. The weakness —the pride— the vanity— the gross vices of the Platos, the Socrates's, the Epictetus's, the Senecas, the Antoni nus's, those great masters of reason, prove still more strongly its want of power, even in its most perfect form, to regulate and form to virtue even the minds of its pos sessors: were reason sufficient as a guide to lead man to the fulness of truth, THE GREAT TEACHER OF TRUTH had no need to descend from heaven. We have passed to a greater length on Mr. Carmichael's lecture than we proposed. On the whole, we should consider his plan of education a great calamity to be; adopted in this colony. An opposite plan, proposed in the Register, we (as we said) cannot by any means approve of; that is, mixt schools on something like the Irish system. We do not consider them as at all suitable to the colony in the present state of its society. Primary schools- that is, schools to teach reading, writing, arithmetic, book-keeping, and some other of the more common branches of the ma thematics, being urgently called for in order to the well- being of society, should be supported at the public expense: they should be denominational, not mixed, and each under a master appointed by the clergyman, aided, if necessary, by qualified and suitable laymen of each religious persuasion. They should be under the control and constant surveillance of the several religious pastors. After such a foundation of knowledgd were once laid, for the comparatively few who might re quire, and would be fit for the higher and more abstruse branches of science, these being more than a necessary species of knowledge—a means of livelihood, accom plishment, or luxury, schools of a higher grade might properly be established, where at first it might be necessary to have them mixed for the sake of procuring proper masters, taking due precautions as 'to the faith and morals of the pupils: these schools perhaps ought, in part at least, be paid by the pupils, whose parents being of an higher grade could better afford it. We can hardly conceive any plan more likely to. be a perpetual source of contention, than mixt primary schools: there will be quarrels about the fittest plan of management--quarrels about the fittest books—quarrels about the fittest masters— quarrels about the fittest times, and hours of the various opponent clergymen visiting and instructing the pupils. In fact such a school will be rather like the cavern of Æolus, than the abode of love, peace, and the Muses. The very boys themselves, will catch fire from their inflamed pastors, who if they be honest men, must sedu-. lously inculcate, each the doctrine of his own creed: they must warn the pupils' against opponent modes of faith; and if we may judge by experience, would dis tort and misrepresent them to the boys, so that each would believe his schoolfellow held the most false and monstrous doctrine. So that the same boys, who if the subject were not mooted, would never trouble their heads about dogmas or creeds, but be thinking of marbles, or hoops, or cricket, would become young polemics. We can easily imagine an Episcopalian boy after the priest rides away, saying to a Catholic, " I say Shaughnessy, what does Father Dempsy charge for an indulgence to commit all sorts of sins ?" Or vice versa, Shaugh nessy asks the other, " Now Wiggins, tell us without joking, whether you think it was by the Holy Ghost, or by Anne Bullen old Harry was inspired, when he set him self up for Pope of England ?" Or he will perhaps say to a Presbyterian lad, after his minister had departed. " I say, Mac alister, if you are born to be damned, what's the use of begging God to save you, when you know he won't ?" Such would be the talk of these young theologians, who would soon become adepts at attack, objection, a'nd rejoinder. We sincerely trust, therefore, that the le gislature will leave to each denomination the exclusive management of the education of their own children, ancillary as it were, to the parents whose first duty it is. Let an equal pro rata parte of public money be given to each; if any difference be made, let it be in favour of the poorest and most scattered population; doing this, religious quarrels about education will cease, and there being no cause of animosity, our colonial youth will grow up as friends, without any of that curse of society, reli gious hate. The departure of Judge Bur ton we must consider most fortunate and opportune for the peace of the colony. If it had pleased Lord Stanley to have per suaded "'divine providence" to "call away" another saint or two, to war against antichrist elsewhere at a high salary, it would have precluded almost the possibility of any more religious or educational squabbles; which never could cease so long as any sect or section sought ascendancy 