THE WHIGS AND TORIES. (From the Morning Chrbricle.) Allowing for the natural exaggeration inci- <*> dental to antithesi we may say that at present the Whigs have principles without principle that the Tories are a party without principles. Tiyi.qoistjjaijt which qpcasjonally^arwe out of such a state of thing*, aye jit, \ times, yeijf* droll.. The vaflqujshed,party is {the triumphant onej the tri upTprunt; party has successfully played a losing game, Or, in: the (a ish phrase, "gained a very great loss." Each patty has two vpices. Atone moment the Government is praised for adopting . Whig principles, ; and the next moment con demned for its treachery to its supporters. Such a contradiction is far easier explained than the absurdity of professing great admiration of the transcendant talents of fcir Robert Peel, won derful confidence in his Government, and yet carefully refusing to give a pledge of support to hi? measures. With a single exception, there is no such j thing as a Tory ■ now a days, however simple country folks may deceive themselves. The J vessel of Toryism split in pieces on the rock of Catholjc, emancipation; and though some of the crew swam ashore, dnd.were seen alive till within a recent period, it is conjectured that tjiey have now ceased to exist. To be sure, during the latter period of the1 Whigs being in office, a num ber of impostors went about the country declaring that they were the true and genuine Tories of the olden time, but that they disliked their short name and had taken a longer one—had changed from Tory to Conservative, on the same principle that Bubb Doddington was advised to give him self a dignified aspect in the eyes of the people of Spain, by lengthening his name to Syllabub Doddington. Not indeed that the Tories are extinct in the country, though they have disappeared from Par liament and the Government. Your Puseyite is the true genuine type of a Tory—the resuscitated remnants of the race which flourished before the flood. Catholic emancipation was the galvanic battery which called Puseyism into post diluvian •existence, and enabled the ghosts of other days to glide about amongst men. The Puseyite goes back, not to lefore the reform bill, but to before the reformation, he does more than stand on the old paths, for he stands on the most ancient of the old; he wishes to see England restored to the condition in which she was when we had mon asteries, but no Colonies; Churches, but no fac tories ; when Lancashire was a desert, and York shire a waste. This is Toryism —true, unmiti gated Toryism; whose creed is that of the •" many made for the few," and which adopts in its most rigid form the principle of Hooker, that the Church is the commonwealth, and the com monwealth the Church. All this is perfectly true of them, even though amongst the Puseyites there are men who advocate the throwing down of pews in Churches, and the giving of holidays •to the people. There might, indeed, be cause not only for jealous watchfulness, but for alarm, if the efforts of our theological Tories were effectively seconded by a modern Hildebrand—if Lambeth Palace were occupied by a Laud, whose influence predo minate^ in Buckingham Palace, Downing-street, and in the legislature.. But who are the mighty wrestlers with modern, giganic evils—the great pleaders in the H.ouse of Commons for the revi vification of ecclesiastical supremacy—the prophets who cau bid the sun go back to Time's dial, and restore us to what we were three centuries ago 1 Is ;it Sir Robert Harry Inglis ? " Good easy man ! " He takes up his station in the House of Commons whenever he thinks it necessary to claim for the Church the right of being supreme instructress of the people, to protest against the sweeping away of ecclesiastical courts" coeval with the conquest," or to assure the public that at Westminster Abbey there is "no charge for de votion ;" and having said his say, he has relieved his conscience, done his duty, and achieved all he can. But there is Mr Gladstone! Yes, he is there, at the board of trade, where he is too busy acquiring and inculcating free trade notions to insist on high Church ones. With the exception, then, of the Puseyites, there are no Tories. They have retired before fhe advance' of Whig principles, as the'bison re treats before the march of civilization. Without a powerful leaven of Toryism in general society, I'useyi?m can make no permanent progress ; and where is this Toryism to be found ? INot in the government; for all its chief men, though pro fessing Conservatives, are either old Whigs re vived, or old Tories who have cast their skin, and are as Whiggish as their tender condition will admit of. Is it in the House of Commons ? Two-thirds of its members voted for the tariff, and would vote for a moderate fixed duty on foreign corn, and for large measures of liberal education, if the ministry had but the pluck, in accordance with their inclinations, to propose them. And where are the Whigs? Everywhere; in the Government, in the Conservative majority of the House of Commons, in the city of London, in the country, and even among the farmers. Turned out of office, shut of Government, their party, so far as immediate action in concerned, not numerically great, yet their principles all powerful. The reason is clear enough. Their principles are those of national safety and national welfare: they are the true Conservatives; their creed is—the greater good of the people, the greater the security of the state. They have striven for Catholic emancipation ; they removed the civil disabilities of the Dissenters; the passed the Reform Bill; they sought ro extend a na tional education, at once religious and rational, yet perfectly consistent with the rights of con- j science; and their latest efforts have been di rected to extending the field of employment for British commerce and trade, and thereby to in crease (he physical comfort-and enjoyment of the people. The principles thej.prpfess are'vital in their own nature, and will animate all true British hearts, so long as an enlighted love of country and of rational freedom are one and the same ; ftnd believing that this noble spirit is not dead in the hearts of Englishmen, we confidently bslieye that ere long it will be discovered, that what wbb supposed to.be the signal triumph of Toryism at l the last general election, was the sorest defeat f it erer sustained. • -; 