THE LORD BISHOP OF TASMANIA'S EIGHTH LECTURE. The series of Lecture* delivered by the X,on) Bishop of Tasmania at the Cathedral Church of St, Darid, was brought 10 a close on Sunday evening last, by B roost interesting disrburse, the eighth of the series, upon the doctrine of an intermediate state after death, and cf purgatory es taught by the Churches of itorae and England, respectively. The text was from Revelations sit'. 13, " I heard a voice from ilu'tivcn s.tyrilg unto me, Write, Blessed are tlie deud which die in the Lard, from lieuceforili; yea, suiih the Spirit, thutihey may rest from their labours, and their works do follow tliein." llis Lordship commenced by reminding his auditory of tiie distinction between venitif and mortal sin, us taught by the Church of Rome. Oens defines mortal sin to be tliut which of llself lirings spiritual death to the soul, inasmuch as it deprives tlie soul of sanctifying grauu and uliarily, in which the spiritual life ol llie snul consists " Venial sin is defined by Dens as " lhat which does not brinu spiritual death to the soul, or that which docs nut turn it away from its ultimate end, or which is only slightly repugnant to llie order of right reason; such as in just n,en may cu'isist with a Mate of grace and friendship with God." Mortal sins must be confe'sed, even to n thought, and remedied tiy the sacrament of penance; venial fins (says the Council of Trent, sess. 14, c. 5), may be declared in roufession, or passed o>cr in silence wilhoul offence, and can be expiated hy many other remedies. All venial sins cannot be confessed, nor even recoiled to initid—how then are iliey to be atoned for? Rome answers that before llie souls of the dead can ascend to lieuven, purgatory avails tliein ; through which every man must go, uniJ render due satisfaction for those venial sins which upon examination are found lying to his account. Tlie Church of England denies purgatory, she allows, however, of an intermediate slate of existence. For the Bible says that after death there is the judgment; all men appear lo be judged at one time, but a'l do not d'e at one time, hence an interval mujibe left of longer or shorter duration between the death and judgment of each individual soul. Our Lord was three days in this slate, recorded in the creed as his descent into hell. It is a slate of enjoyment for some, as for instance, the thief on me cross, to whom it was said " To day shall thou be Willi me in Paradise •" and of suffering for others, as Dives in our Saviour's account. Nevertheless, each class of souls awaits llie perfect consummation of joy or woe in heaven or hell after tlie final judgment. Justin Muriyr (.i.e. 140), observes "all souls do not die, but the souls of llie pious remain in some belter place, a ad the unrighteous and wicked in a worse pluce. expecting the day cf judgment." Irena-us (180) thus comments on tlie parable ol Dives and Lazarus, " by this it is plainly declared that souls continue toexis l > and that the different sons of bad and l ing habi ion | ^ " V r T m° f', , "" ' even before the "ri.e ClmrTof Rome impugns all this. She I teaches that the wicked go down lo hell, the {children of God go into purgatorial pains, wherein j lhe y are cleansed by fire, and make an expiatory s a ' isrutlion f° r 'heir sins. The original object of dus doctrine appears lo have been lo solve the h ll ' US s '. ,ei1 ll V e ^omBni51 LinE " d - ," Can it be consistent with the uti te of GoJ. whele the difference in point or desert Uso very ! trilling, between the last in heaven, and the first in heli, as to make the di8erence in point c retribution, nothing less than endless happiness ' or ,lleone > a "d endless misery lor anoihtr." ? u i " ° ,,s ?' tT ." who Cil " b ? searching 1 0 e ° iL® 15 <)ue ]! " on he ond >' our comprehension; and we must not force an unscriptural solution of the difficulty The Council of Florence (ad. 1433) decreeslhat if any true penitent shall depart this life in the of God, before tiuit they have made mi! ' arll0n ' ty worthy fruits of penance, lor faults of t ? ma > ,ss, ° n I omission, their souls are purifie.l | ' S S f / ^ ^ ' ' ' C T ' S i f - ' i u X ' I on this point, and make no . mention or pains; nevertheless jpurgalory is universully taught to be a place of fiery pains to ibis . .day. in . Iialy and e,si!wh e ' e - catechism of Treat, under the Tlle ?f„ V° pe ! V ' < ? is,i " c | | y ^ t n ^ d ^ "purguiory is a certain place in which us if in a ptison, souls are purged after this life, which have not been fully purged in it; so lhat being l'" r S e() > lhe y m a y be enubled to enier tl,us h ™ vcn " And again "ft is certain tha hi C^ih^'J 5 " lf ° ",' '^i' • P u,lisl,m^' 1 V U the very same terrible punishment winch a sinner ought to have suffered inh li, will, the exception ofiiseternity." The Douay Catechism teaches ihus "Q Whither go such us die in ve n ial sin, or not having fully satisfied the puuisliment due to inorlal sin? A. To purgatory, till "'I* haVe m ° de „ s " isfaclion for lhem > and '^n >Vl.ati8 purgatory ? A. A place of punishment in the other fe, where souls suffer fo, a time, before Ihey can go to heaven." Scripture and the ancient lathers are opposed 10 all this. The passage 2 Macc. xii. 43, disclaims inspiration, by the avowal of the author himself, Mac c - 38) and refers moreover, 10 an 5 ffer j n ? mad , e ^ Judas for lhe lilin not for llle e> tZt'L^'-f, 6 0 r ™ v v , l 1^ r n o m l sin °J tampering with idols, winch bad been commuted by the whole people, not for any venial sin to which purgatoty could be made 10 apply. It is said that lhe sin aga'insi the Holy Ghost shall not be fo r 8' v en "neither in this world nor in the co m Bsi lhis does oot pror '" e es ' been sometimes urged, that any other sin S ^ i o ^ ' ^ ^ ^ ^ i S n t ^ comparison shewing the difficulty ol the process, . and not an assertion that our salvation is in any ! wa y connected with the fires of purgatory. The ' Ulb!e sa y 6 l,lat "being justified by Christ's • -J? 0 ' i ;, we s ' ,fl ' ! , be save(i from wra,h l ' ,roa S h Ill m '. »? waih remains unappeased. "It is ' unio men once to die, and after death , the judgmeni"_no intermediate step ofpurgalory is hae indicaied. St. Paul said it was gain 10 die, and far boiler to be with Christ, which he cou , d n ? 1 ,mre said with ihe pains of purgatory 1)ef o ." : ,lim - Clement speaks of death and resur reclion. reciion, but no word of nur^nlnrv purgatory; • Polycarti P„tv/>nrr. rti of the resurrection; Ignatius of heaven and hell, but neither know anything of purgatory. Irenaus (180) speaks of the paradise inio which St. Puul wascaughtup, where the just rest in peace ; but penal fires are not mentioned here. Terlullian (200) " we do an injury 10 Christ when we hear wiih regret lhat any are called away, asifthiy deserved commisseralion." Origen (230) says the soul when it departs from the world shall enjoy its inheiilance. Cyprian (250) speaks of a place of refreshment, and shelter, and peace, for those who die in the Lord. Alhanasius(330) beliered in the everlasting rest of the just, upon leaving this world. So also Chrysosto tn (400 a.d.) Fisher, the Homan Catholic Bishop of Rochester in the lime of Henry VII I. says," lhe doctrine of purgatory was a long time unknewn, was rarely, if at all, heard of among the ancients, and to liiis dav tlie Greeks do not receive it." But even had the fathers taught purgatory, unsupported by the Scriptures, the Church of EngUnd would not hate altered her present position. This doctrine of purguiory opposes the freeness and fullness of Christ's salvation. No works of ours here, nor suflerings hereafter can cleanse ui from sin; "his blood uleanseth from all sin," "he was made a curse for us;" " by one offering he liatli perfected for ever lliem that are sanctified." " Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, says the Bible und lhe Church of England, " Wretched are the dead ibat die in the Lord, says the advocate of purgatory, " for such enier straightway inio tbe penal fires, B»d there suffer for their sins." Willi what pain should we look on Ibe corpse of a near and dear friend, dead in Christ, were we to . think of l,im as entering inio lormenls ol hundreds and thousands of years duration, Not thus thought Gregory Nysten (370) when consoling a mpiher for the loss of her child—" Although thy child have left thee she hath departed to the Lord—she hath dosed her eyes to thee, but . opened lliem to eternal light; she hath departed from thy table, hut hath been received at that of unitels. The plant haili been renmied Jroia iliis, but huh been planted in paradise." We understand lhal the Sunday erening lectures will be continued during his Lordship's absence, and thai it is his' intention to resume them upon bis return, and to proceed with the exposition of ctrlain other points connected witli the doctrine and discipline or tlie Church of England, »hirh more especially anracl wieulion at tlie present time. 