Sydney Education Meetings, There have been two meetings in Sydney during the past week, on the proposed Government, plan of. Edu cation, at the first the Lord Bishop of Australia presided and every thing went peaceably and'orderly ; a petition couched in the old Tory tenets :of exclusiveness, and containing all the antique . dogmas of our forefathers, prevalent in the days when good Queen Bess burnt heretics, was unanimously agreed to. Would we could' add the meeting at the City Theatre in favor, of the proposed scheme had been conducted with the decorum which existed at its rival ; after the Mayor had ex plained the objects of the meeting Mr.' Low came for ward with a very able speech, and whether it wtwhs some of our contemporaries assert,. his accidental using of the word " state," jor it was recent recollections of the Privilege Question, a melee ensused which ap pears, from the reports, to have surpassed1 the ' nosiest days of any of Mr. Radical Hunt's popular assemblies. Mr. Rae, the Town Clerk, also made an essay to speak but the finale of the evening -was, the Mayor being obliged to adjourn the meeting until the following day, when the Theatre again exhibited a scene which, re garding the important subject it had been assembled/to discuss, the future moral, welfare of the colony, in fact depending on what may be now .done in this vital mat ter, naturally gives rise to sorrow and regret. ., Be:.thc individuals, who vied with each other, in.hallowing and hooting who they may, they have done an incalculable injury to a good cause;, for although the coarse. and blackguard manner in which they, acted, was doubtless very natural to them the transfer of these . peculiar elegancies of private, life, however ..agreeable to their own fire sides, become disgusting at. a Public. Meeting, and judging of the tone of society from the assemblies of its members, cause very.disagreaoble impressions . to get abroad amongst those who not knowing the origin of this opposition are apt to judge only from what meets the eye, without reference to private piques or the intricacies of party spirit. The conduct of severa parties at the meeting was disgraceful to them as in habitants of a great city, and degrading to them as denizens of society. Police — saturday. . The Light Fantastic Toe. — Business in the Pub lic line- being now a species of private retirement, more particularly in the back suburb's of Parramatta, it requires some extra powerful excitement beyond the one to be produced by rum and brandy to draw people in to the Hostelire, and therefore several hosts have provided the dulcets sounds a of violin to aid them in the collection of the Tipplers. It may be a fiddle-de-de method of business ; but n'importe if it scrapes cash together. On the previous evening the Three Graces, Margaret Teer, Margaret Cain, and Eliza Davis, all ticket- of-leave, who now stood with very niobean aspect in the dock, iured by the sweet discoursing of the Paganini who did the wrist and elbow work for Mr. Thomas Blake, of Argyle-street, dropt into the Bakers' Arms " en passant " and seeing a sort of Rigdumfunndo's 'going on, in a moment of delirious joy rushed in its mazy whirls and twirls, and by their footing it proved 'themselves capable of great feats of agility. Two minutes afterwards The "Fox" who goes prowling about,- also dropt— we beg par- don, we should have said appeared, for he has' a most demon-like method of suddenly appearing when least of all wanted or expected, and like Banquo's Ghost, who, "by the way, from his ghulish propensities, he very much resembles, broke up the assembly ".with most admiiable disorder." The said Fox being a man whose pedestals were not made for dancing, and more over, belonging to that class whom Shakespeare de scribed as the one " who are not fond of music," did not admire the recreation the ladies were engaged in, and accordingly made a gallopade with them to the watch-house. The consequence of this, had not the assembled Justiciaries been in a bland and lenient frame of temperament, the Graces would have become, in the Female Factory, graceless. However, with a short but impressive hint that " capers were sometimes very sour," they were discharged. ' . : A Great Unpaid. — Bob Nichols' .motions for the abolishment of Paid Officials, and leave: every thing in the wuy of Justice to be done on the voluntary system, has spread a sort of rabid insanity among the humbler portion of society.- ' A frightful instance of its pernicious effects was exhibited in the person ,cf one Michael Wolfe Irwin, whose sudden spirit of glory and pariot- ism had so throughly electrified.him, that his hair stood erect on his head like the fretful porcupine, whilst his arms .branched forth at full length baused him altogether to vastly resemble a road post. It appeared that on the previous evening there was a r.ou> in Providence Roio between two young ladies as to who had the . greatest ; marital right to oiie gentleman who resided iri one of the Villas there, in the middle of which Mr. Irwin came up.with a gun about twice as big as himself to instill peace, and representing himself a constable threatened the 'terrors of the watch-house, and its "sequence the Gaol and Factory. Unfortunately, for Michael, ' there was just beside liim a greater arc7i-angel than .himself, one Serjeant Hotham, who havirig quieted the disturb ance- was1 base enough to drag - down the would-be constable dignity a peg or two by taking him to the watch-house, and, doubtless out of spite and envy, now swore that Michael was drunk. This the accused most strenuously deriied, and accounted for his possession of the Cyar-like instrument by affirming he was going out a shooting. The Bench, doubtless. out. of spite also, believed Hothara's tale to be correct, and fined the first enrolled of old Joe Kenyon's yeorii'ariiy force ten shil lings and .orie shilling costs. : -v.- i' monday. - ' ; Ecce-iterwn M' Cdnh'.—'W e had been in a dubiousness of .mind for tb e last two or three weeks for the absence of this interesting female's name from the Police diaries, was a matter involving awful surprise. We knew not what to think ; could it be possible that this Queen of Cyprus— the goddess of the Brickfields— had been tryirig the cold water process in the'Parramatta River, or disgusted with the state of affairs in this town, had betaken herself to the wild dreary. bush of the in terior1 in company with some' kindred soul of a bullock driver, there to waste her native/sweetness on the desert air, and ruminate on beef and damper, Certes it might be as extremes meet, she had seen the error of her former ways and backslidings, and humbug being the order of the day, turned saint and op end a house of prayer for the pious and devout. . Mary's; entrance, ; however, into the Court this, morning dispelled, what ever, hopes and illusions we might have formedrespect- ing her ; more particularly our imaginirigs of her having become a convert to secular employment, when it ap peared that the charge to he preferred against her was, in addition to the heinous one of drunkenness, that of being a common something, a word riot at all expres sive of uprightness of behaviour: or stricitly moral con duct. . It appears that at a very late hour of Saturday night, Inspector Fox found the fair Mary setting like a bewildered maid under a hedge with chshevelled hair, being a man of fine feelings his heart was touched at seeing so young and beautiful a creature exposed to ' the pitiless pelting of the blast, and he kindly offered her the protection of .the watch-house. As she was accompanying the man of dread down Church-street, a few of the native youth recognized her in the custody 1 of this Holofornes of Parramatta, and Mary having given the whoop halloo to her old pals and acquaint ances, an attempt at rescue, was made, and- had not there been other constables present, Fox's head would now have been an admirable specimen of gelatine. The Bench was ruthless„and Mary had to return to .her . old quarters at the Factory for four calendar months. . . ' , , Mrs. Betsey Barlow yes introduced to the notice of i the Bench as a drunkard, but before she left the Court Justice rated her a rogue and vagabond. On Saturday night her better half having, after she had turned every ; thing out of windows, sent her to follow them out of the door, the lady, in ,a playful exuberance of mirth, was beating the devil's tattoo on the portal of her estab lishment, accompanying the music with what musicans ; style a forte furioso. recitative the main burden of the libretto of which was that her husband, Mr. Bariow, ; was a blackguard, and. in his ways and demeanour, any thing but a man or a gentleman. The residents in Mrs. ' Barlow's quarter of Parramatta not being partial to' the midnight serenade handed the songstress oyer to the Police; and when Mrs. B. was asked what she had to say for herself, she called upon her husband, on which that ill-used individual stepped forth arid said, he could say nothing. He was evidently a man of many sorrows: the sharpness of his wife's 'tongue had cut deep into him, and his rueful aspect told.- too plainly he had ex perienced many a dab on the chops." He, however, did affirm that his wife was a Destructive. She had smashed his earthenware, cracked his pots, and had such an " hurrah" fight, that devil a cheer there was left. Mrs. B. intimated that her husband was one of those people who did riot confirie themselves to truth, but a slight specimen of her forensic abilities, with which she had commenced . favouring the Court, cou pled with the fact that she had passed seven months out of the last year in various penitentiaries contrived for the reformation of Tippliers, decided her case, which was three months in the Female Factory. Matthew Byrnes, a ticket-of-leave holder, was charged by Inspector Fox with coming out of Jones's public-house on the previous (Sunday) evening, at 20 minutes to 10 o'clock, and for offending the Inspec tor's olfactory nerves by the smell of liquor. The Court considering there was very little scents in the affair dischaged the prisoner. The foregoing, with two other cases of tippling, just by way of illustration that Teetotalism does not numr ber the whole of Parramatta in its ranks, comprised this day's business before the Court. tuesday. Patrick MCarthy, ticket-of-leave, stood indicted for being, at half-past eleven o'clock on Hie preceding night, in the Coach and Horses, iri such a swaying and reeling state of mind and body! -and with such conglomerated ideas that, as it would have been a moral impossibility for him to have found his way into any other place but the gutter, it was considered liighly politic, for the sake of the preservation of his clothes and property, to convey him to that receptacle: provided for erring and straying mortals, the watch-house, and after a gentle hint that . there was a largA establish ment adopted for the same philanthropic purpose in Sydney, cajled Hyde Parle Barracks, to which Patrick might in course of time, if the malady with which ho was afflicted did not take a favourable turn, he might find himself, he was after paying fifteen shillings, by way of compensation for the escort he was favoured with by the constables, discharged. Oh, 'tis Love, 'tis Love.— Some weeks since we chronicled to the world how one Miss Jane Wilson was giving a petit sopper to a select circle of her acquaint ances at her residence' in George-street. At that time Fox interposed and sent the most of the party supper- less home to bed ; and Miss Wilson was cautioned to erase from her visiting book one Mr. George Sylvester ; as we said, George was a regular Don Juan among the fair sex, and the little bit of paper indulgence Jane held ensuring her the protection of the Magistrates in the matter of her moral welfare, they, considered it more praiseworthy and easier to prevent Miss W.'s falling a victim to George's insinuating manners, than to repair the consequences that might accrue from that Gentleman's too frequent visits. ' The protective doctrine was therefore put in force, and Silvester was contraband goods on Wilson's establishment. But smuggling will go on in spite of edicts of Hamburgh or Parramatta, both, by the way, pretty ' imperial,' in their tenets ; and on Sunday morning Inspector Fox, as lie was taking a walk down George-street , half on business and half on pleasure, honored Jane with a visit, and on the premises found poor George and made it " Dickey" with Miss Wilson. She had, therefore, to appear before the Court to answer for want of attention to the commands and desires of the Parramatta Bench, and to explain the cause of Mr: Silvester's being where he ought not to be, inasmuch as Fox said, with the pecu liar critical and legal acumen incidental to that active functionary, "he was there for an unlawful purpose;" The charged being a young woman of means, appeared by lier counsel, Mr. Charles Bethel Lyons, who threw the whole blame of the affair , on the landlord of the house, as he had, unknown to his client, let a cellar to Mr. Silvester, wherein that gentleman, a decorater of houses, and a repairer of broken windows, kept his pots, brushes, arid surplus stores, and endeavoured to prove that from his clients lofty ideas, inducing her to reside in the upper apartment of the residence, she was quite ignorant that Silvester had basely been, lying a mine to get her blow up by keeping his combustibles in the cellar berieath her. The landlord having to a certain extent supported the " premises " laid down by the learned advocate by proving the leasing of the "tenement" to the Lothario of Window Glass and Paint Pots. Miss Wilson, on her solemn promise that on no pretence, not even to repair broken glass, the would be seducer should be again allowed to set foot on the premises, or even look up at the window of the room she dwelt in on pain pf serious personal inconve nience to herself, was discharged. thursday. James Ryan, who endeavoured to assume the cha racter of a half idiot, but whose frontispiece' so far be lied his wishes as to betoken . him as belonging to tho genus knave rather than that of fool, was prosecuted by Mr. John Foreman Staff, for having been unlawfully on the premises of Rose Cottage. Yesterday afternoon, on its worthy proprietor entering his study he found the prisoner coolly esconced in his own arm chair, taking his ease with the same air of coolness and complacency as he, the rightful owner, was accustomed to do when retiring from the -world to dessertate upon Tectotalism, medicine, and other abstruse and learned subjects. Several books and papers were lying on the table be side Ryan, but, fortunately for the sake of the rising generation and future ages,, they had not been touched, j The prisoner's reply to Mr. Staffs interrogatory, re specting his, business, was that he had entered the house to procure a wafer to cure the heart burn, but Ryan's reputation led strongly to the supposition that his complaint was St. Anthony's fire, at the finger ends. Mr. Staff, very properly, handed him over to the Police, and our worthy Magistrate very justly sent him to the Gaol for one month as a rogue and vagabond, the diet and exercise of that establishment always proving an invariable cure for any heat of body arising from indegestion or want of exercise. Mary Rooney, ticket-of-leave, for acting as house keeper aiid maid of all-work to a married gentleman during his wife's absence, had her ticket- of-leave can celled, Mary having been, On several foregoing occa sions, cautioned respecting her little improprieties of conduct. 