ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Natural Curiosity.-Whilethe workmen of Mr. Harvey, of Glasgow, were cutting a log of Honduras, about 19 feet long and 22 inches in diameter, they were surprised to find, in the very centre of an otherwise ex cellent piece of wood, about 15 feet from the root, a hollow of four feet long by nine inches wide, and tapering down towards the bottom. In the centre of this space they were still more astonished to discover what had been an entire hive of bees, bees'-wax, and a number of large-cells, in each of which the honey, in a solid state, something similar to the kernel of a nut, is still entire. On the discovery being made, Mr. Harvey paid attention to cut thelog carefully around and to preserve every portion of the wood which contained the hive, and it is now ex ceedingly interesting to trace the winding path of the bees all along the edge of the tree as long, as its growth would permit, until at last they were fairly enclosed by the growth, and their industry put an end to for ever. Very little seems to be known of the age of the mahogany, but we suppose that the tree in question may be about 300 years old. In his recent charge to his clergy the Lord Bishop of Bangor says,-" Of the re ligious state of the diocese he could not speak with satisfaction. The returns which had been sent in showed a considerable in crease of chapels!!" A Brief Memoir of O'Connell.-Daniel O'Connell was born cm the 6th of August, 1775, at Carhen, neer Caherciveen, in the barony of Iveragh, and county of Kerry the very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and commenced thatbloody struggle by which they established their national independence. H is father was Mr. Morgan O'Connell, of Carhen, who was married to Catherine, daughter of Mr. John O'Mullane, of Whited church, in the county of Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donouges (dlhuv), or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Connell was educated on the continent, partly at Lou vaine, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain lie had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, " when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not prepared to receive him." Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to the Irish bar in Easter Term, 1786\. Mr. O'Oonnell married on the 3rd of June, 1802, his relative, Mary, daughter of Mr. Edward O'Connell, M.D., of Tralee; he succeeded his father in 1800, and in 1825, by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knight of the Cross of the order of the Holy Ghost, and colonel of the late 6th regiment of the Irish brigade in the British service, was uncle to the liberator; he died on the 9th of July, 1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in France;. he was the youngest of twenty-two. children by one marriage, and at 99 years of age this venerable patriot died; he was born in August, 1734, at Derr) nane, the residence of his father, Mr. Daniel O'Connell. Limerick Reporter. University) Intelligence.-Oxford.-.The grass in our principal streets is very luxu riant, and the wild oats sown by our under graduates flourish in the various quadran gles. The thermometer has taken a very high degree. The desolation of the place is so painfully oppressive that the college servants are compelled to cheer them selves with the wine, cigars, &c;, of their absent masters. An Italian boy left our city this morning, having played " Rory O'More" for an entire day without effect. He missed, no doubt, the heated halfpence so liberally bestowed in term time. It is said the numerous Oxonians have gone over to Rome during the vacation. Dr. Pusey himself got as far as Ilfracombe, but did not progress further, in consequence, we suppose, of some difficulty with the Pope. Punch. A Cooling Combat.-I likewise saw at Bovegodd6 what the people call a water fight, bexween, as they told me, two compe titors fora dark eyed maid; one of the lovers, the challenger, being highly, exasperated by the pangs which the green-eyed monster, jealously, geenerated in his heart. They both stood up to their knees in the lake, opposite each other; and with their hands constantly dashed the water, in a curious and expert manner, into each others faces. I saw the combatants thus-I can scarcely say hotly engaged-about nine in the morning; and at three in the afternoon they were still hard at work, and the battle was then still doubtful; for, according to esta blished rule, which ever of the two warriors, no matter what may be the pretence or cause stops first, if it be only for a moment, dash ing water at his adversary, is considered to be vanquished. Hundreds of people were looking on, apparently deeply interested in the result; as he who is thus overcome, as they assured me, is never known again to aspire to the hand of the lady who has caused the antifebrile combat. What a pity it is that this cooling mode of settling dis putes is not introduced into the Green Isle, and made to supersede the sprig system, so prevalent there. Transported Convicts-Tickets-of-Leave. -An act was passed in April last, under which the condition of transported convicts will be bettered, provided they are ivilling to amend their lives. The model prison, at Pentonville, has been erected as a proba tionary establishment, where parties sen tenced to transportation are taught, for a period of eighteen months, habits of clean liness, instructed in trades as well as in the acquirement of useful knowledge; they are then sent to the appointed place, where, after a period of good conduct, they are capable of obtaining a conditional or abso lute pardon. Before the passing of the present act the, governors of the several colonies had no power to remit the labour of any convict, except in cases of illness, until such person, if transported for seven years, had served four-if transported for fourteen years, had served six-and if trans ported for life, had served eight years of labour. Nor was there any power given whereby transported convicts could acquire or hold any property, or bring any action for the recovery of any property, until he had obtained a pardon. It is now declared to be expedient that the law, with respect to pardons and tickets-of-leave, which are authorities given to permit persons trans ported to labour for others, should be amended; and therefore the former act is repealed. Permission is now given to the governor to recommend to her Majesty such persons as he shall think fit, either for an absolute or conditional pardon, "which shall be deemed from the date of the date thereof, to have, within such place or places as shall be specified in such pardon, but not elsewhere, the same effect in the law to all intents and purposes as if a general absolute or conditional pardon had passed on that day under the United Kingdom." Those persons who have obtained tickets-of-leave may possess personal property, and may bring actions for the recovery of any pro perty with the exception of real property, which they cannot hold; but wherever a ticket-of-I cave is revoked, the property so acquired is declared to vest in the crown, and shall be disposed of at the discretion of the governor, subject to such instructions as shall be forwvarded from one of the secretaries of state. The act is to be pro claimed in the several colonies where con victs are sent to, and " hope which springs eternal "is held out to the poor creatures that a powver exists whereby they may re cover themselves and become respectable members of society. Womnan's Firmness of Opinion.-A wife, let her assert against her husband what she. will, and argue as she will, the husband is not at all in the condition to refuxte or con quer her. For when he thinks to hold her fast by a chain of reasoning, it is very much as when he attempts to draw up to himself a ball of yarn by one of its threads. He will get more and more thread in his hands, but the ball will roll about, and still remain upon the earth. Ancient Hospitality.-It was once the universal custom to place ale, or some strong liquor, in the chamber of an honored guest, 1o assuage his thirst, should he feel any on awakening in the night: which, considering that the hospitality of that period often reached excess, was by no means unlikely. It is a current story in Treviotdale, that in the house of an ancient family of distinction, much addicted to the Presbyterian cause, a Bible was always put into the sleeping apartment of the guests, along with a bottle of strongale. On some occasion there was a meeting of clergymen in the vicinity of the castle, all of whom were invited to dinner by the worthy ba ronet, and several abode all night. Accord ing to the fashion of the times, seven of the reverend guests were allotted to one large barrack-room, which was used on such oc casions of extended hospitality. The butler took care that the divines were presented, according to custom, each with a Bible and bottle of ale. But after a little consulta tion among themselves, they are said to have recalled the domesticas he was leaving the apartment. ' My friend,' said one of the venerable guests, ' you must know that, when we meet together, the youngest minis ter reads' aloud a portion of the scripture to the rest ;. only one Bible therefore is neces sary; take away the other six, and in their place bring six more bottles of ale.'-Sir Walter Scott. An Uninvited Guest.-The denizens of Kent-street, were paralysed with fear by the appearance of an immense Green land bear, an animal not commonly met with in that latitude. It appeared that the owner, a travelling showman, named Moulder, being on his way down into Kent, had stopped at a public-house in the Old Dover-road to obtain refreshment, having previously driven his menagerie into a cow house in the rear. One of the inmates, the bear already mentioned, taking advantage of the keeper's absence, found his way through the.roof of the crazy vehicle, and de camped ata.good smart trot along the high ways and by-ways of that terra incognito which stretches from London-bridge to Ber mondsey. Bruin, who was neither muzzled or manacled,'threaded the devious intricacies of this unknown region with wonderful sa gacity, although hotly pursued by a crowd of idlers,-who did all in their power to dis turb his equanimity. At length he turned down a paved court in Frances-street, where perceiving a door that stood invitingly open, he very deliberately walked into the parlour sans chrnmonie, probably not deeming it necessary to send in his card. The ground floor of the house into which Bruin had thus intruded is occupied by a tailor, named West, who, together with his wife and all the little Wests, were at the moment be :ginning their morning repast. Afterabear like fashion the Greenland savage flunginto the room, and grunted his compliments. Mrs. West dropped her cup and saucer in .speechless agony, and, together with her brood of squalling cherubs, skulked under the bed, whilst-the terrified tailor scrambled over his shop-board, and escaped through the window, calling lustily for the police. Bruin, being left.in quiet possession, des patched the fragments of the breakfast, and was ultimately led offin chains by his owner who had traced the truant to his new domi. cile. The animal is said to be harmless, and has served his owner the same trick before. Smoking Joke.-In .the book in which travellers who visit Mount Vesuvius, usually inscribe their names, a captain of the Aus trian Dragoons made the following curious entry, which is translated literally :-" F. N. has lit his pipe at the crater of Vesuvius -Providence and the Tuscan Dragoons for ever." Ours not Degenerate Days.-These are not degenerate days. We have still strong thinkers ,among us: men of untiring per :severance, who flinch before no difficulties, who never hide- theknot which theirreaders are only-too willing that they should let alone : men who dare write what the ninety nine out of every hundred will pronounce a dry book,; who pledge themselves, not to the 'public, but to their subject; and wvill not -desert it till the task .is completed. lf1ackwood's Magazine. 