THEATRICAL REGISTER. The operatic drama of Bob Roy , taken from Scott's novel of that name, was performed on Monday to an unusually full house, the officers of H. M. Frigate Thalia being patrons. The cast of characters was rather happy — the actual power of the company considered. Rob Roy by Nesbitt was hardly enough national to satisfy a Scotch ear, but in other respects it was well sustained. The same may be said of Mrs. O'Flaherty's Helen ; but higher praise must be given to Griffiths' Bailie Nicol Jarvie , which was correct to the life. When, in general, we award approbation to any character repre- sented, we should be understood to speak comparatively, as regards Sydney, upon the principle of making the most of what we possess, and enjoying it, and not with refer ence to what can be done elsewhere ; but of Griffiths in this character, as well as in Dandie Dinmont, we can aver that we have never seen them excelled, even where actors were abundant. Simes as Mr. Owen was humourous as usual ; the Dougal creature was also a tolerable hit, but it is impossible to say much in favour of the otners. The dresses were, for the most part, very inappro- priate. The tragedy of Hamlet , which was pro- duced on Thursday, remains to be noticed. This chef d'oeuvre is always welcome. Grif- fiths as Hamlet , and O' Flaherty as the Queen, were respectable. Something also may be said in favour of Mme. Torning as Ophelia , particularly in her display of in- sanity. Lazar made a very passable Ghost , and Deering a good Gravedigger , but it is impossible to say much for the other charac- ters. The King was an excessively stupid looking personage, and his lords and messen- gers were on a par. One word about the gods. A set of drunken sailors and other blackguards have kept up such a noise and disturbance in the gallery during the week, that it was often impossible to hear a word of the play, This is intolerable Mr. Manager — " Reform it altogether." Port Phillip Mail. — The Nomination of candidates took place on Tuesday the 16th, before W. Verner, Esq., the Returning Officer ; Sir Thomas Mitchell was proposed by Mr. Simpson, J. P., and seconded by Dr. M'Crae, J. P. Mr. Young was pro- posed by Mr. J. F. L. Foster, and seconded by Major Firebrace, J. P. Captain O'Con- nel was proposed by Mr. Raymond, Barrister, and seconded by Mr. Wills, J. P. Mr. Young then addressed the electors at some length, and afterwards underwent an exami- nation as to his opinions — in which, amongst other things, he said he thought " his Excel- lency ought to be deprived of his government for increasing the burthens of the squatters." Two electors then demanding Captain O' Connell's declaration of qualification, a long discussion ensued between his supporters and those of Mr. Young, the former contending that Captain O'Connell not being present, no demand of qualification could consequently be made upon him, while the latter insisted that by the 9th section of the Act, the same was indispensably necessary. The returning officer deciding the point against the supporters of Captain O'Connell, the following protest was taken down by him, on the dictation of Mr. Curr: — "We Thomas Willis and Edward Curr protest before the returning officer, that no demand having been duly made upon Charles Maurice O'Connell of the declaration of qualification, as directed by thi 9th section of the Act, it was therefore not necessary to furnish the same. The returning officer having then demanded a show of hands in favour of Sir Thomas Mitchell, Mr. Young, and Captain O'Con- nell, and the greatest number being held up for Sir Thomas Mitchell and Captain O'Connell, Mr. Young demanded a poll, which the returning officer granted, appoint ing the same to be held at Melbourne, Gee- long, and Portland, respectively, on Tuesday, the 23rd instant. — A great " Separation Meeting" was held on the same day, at which a petition was adopted, and a society formed entitled the " Separation Society." Levee. — His Excellency the Governor will hold a Levee, at Government House, on Friday, the 24th of May, at one o'clock, in honour of Her Majesty's Birth-day. Gentle men attending the Levee are requested to bring their cards, to be delivered to the Aid-de-Camp. Memorandum. — The invi- tations to the Birth-day Ball, to be given on the 24th of May, will not extend beyond the county of Cumberland ; but cards of invita- tion will be furnished to any ladies or gentle men, in the habit of visiting at Government House, who may happen to be in Sydney from a greater distance, provided their names (with their addresses in Sydney) be entered in the visitor's book, at Government House, at any time previous to the day of the Ball. — Yesterday's Government Gazette . Sydney Quarter Sessions. — A Court of Quarter Sessions will be holden at the Court House, Sydney, on Monday next. Another Still. — On Tuesday morning, Mr. Watson having received information that a still was at work in Newtown, pro- ceeded at once to the place, a cottage near Mr. Duguid's, and, after some search, dis covered ten puncheons and two tubs, con- taining wash to about eleven hundred gal- lons, in a state of fermentation. In an ad- joining building was found a tin still (from fifty to sixty gallons) in full operation, toge- ther with a hogshead of low wine. There was no one on the premises, and the only furniture four chairs and a table ; but from a receipt found on the premises, of which the following is an exact copy, an owner will probably be found : — " Sydney, 1st April, 1844.— £4 3s. 4d. — Received of Mr. Rose, four pounds, three shillings, and fourpence, for one month's rent, in advance, of a cottage at New Town.— WILLIAM CARR." New Insolvents. — Robert Ramsay Mac- kenzie, of New England, settler and grazier : debts, £21, 665 ; assets, personal property, £2855 ; outstanding debts, £2234 10s.; balance deficiency, £l6,575 10s. ; John Walker, official assignee. Joseph Phillips, of Parramatta, carpenter : debts, £22 14s. 1d.; assets, nil. Stealing Parchment. — On Tuesday afternoon, between twelve and one o'clock, a package, containing about .£80 worth of parchment, was left in the Pitt-street en- trance to the Misses Morley's stationery ware- house, at the corner of Pitt and King streets, and was carried off without the owners being aware of their loss until too late. Estimate of Stock.— The numbers of cattle and sheep within and without the boundaries respectively, on the 30th Septem- ber last, were as follows : — Horned cattle : within the boundaries, 324,305 ; without the boundaries, 572,914 ; total in the colony, 897,219. Sheep: within the boundaries, 1,781,739; without the boundaries, 3,023,107 ; total in the colony, 4,804,846. It thus appears that the cattle beyond the boundaries exceed those within in the proportion of about 7 to 4 ; and the sheep in the proportion of about 5 to 3. Besides the cattle and sheep, there are beyond the boundaries 15,052 horses, and 1000 swine. Potatoes —We have been favoured by Mr. Carfrae with a sample of potatoes, grown on a farm at the Merri Creek, Port Phillip district. They are certainly very superior to any we have yet seen grown in the middle district, and, to our taste, are not surpassed by the Derwent potatoes. If our southern neighbours are as successful in other branches of agriculture as they appear to be in this, we may indeed concede to their country the distinction of Australia Felix. 