ROMISH TRACTS. We. have lately received and read with some care a number of tracts which the Romanists are circulating now in the Colony. They seem to us to be much better written than any recent English productions of Ro manism, and we fear are likely do mischief if they should find their way among Dis senters, or even perhaps some members of the Church of England who have been brought up in ignorance of the real princi ples of the Church to which they belong. The reason of our fear is that they put for ward many Catholic truths in a striking light, and refute with the plainest argu ments what ultra-Protestants believe to be tenets of the Anglican Church. It is im possible we think for any man who is in arnest to rise from the study of these tracts without feeling how much there is of truth in them, and we are fearful lest some of their Protestant readers may be shaken by them in their faith, and even led to Rome, from their ignorance that the very truths which are so clearly stated, and which are set'forth as peculiar to the Romish Church, are, in fact, and have ever been, maintained by the Church of England. Rome is daily striving more and more to force her pretensions upon the children of the pure reformed branch of the Church Catholic, which by God's blessing is still the national Church of England.; and we are confident that the only true way of arming ourselves against her is to show how truly we are Catholics, and so to de prive them of the only weapons they can effectually wield against us. There is no danger of any real English Churchmen turning Romanists — the converts they have made have always been among Dissenters or low Churchmen ; and the reason is, as we have said, that these men are iguorani at the time that Catholic truth flashes upon them, that it may be had pure and unmixed in the Church that was founded by apostolic men in their own country, and has been enabled by the grace of God to free herself from the modern corruptions of Popery without losing her Catholicity. One of the tracts we speak of is called " The Touchstone of the New Religion, or sixty assertions of Protestants tried by their own rule of Scripture alone, and condemned by clear and express texts of their own Bible." Now, about fifty of these texts are condemned in our Bible, and we would con tend are as certainly condemned in the Prayer-book, and by all sound English Churchmen. Fifty of these assertions are opposed to Catholic truth and ten to Romish error. The fifty consequently are very clearly refuted by Scripture proof, and the ten are not refuted at all but' lamely and ineffectively opposed by arguments, the fallacy of which have been a hundred times pointed out by Anglican Divines; We will give a few specimens from each class of the " assertions" : — i. from the fifty. " Protestants assert, that the ' Spirit of Truth' was not promised to the Church of Christ to be with her teachers ' for ever,' and ' to guide them into alj trutln,' " Protestants will not allow that there is any net- cessity of adhering to the ' pastors and teachers' of the Church,- in order to be maintained in unity and truth; and preserved from -being ' carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slight' of heresies. " Protestants deny, that Christ's Church upon earth is always visible. ' Protestants maintain that the whole Church of Christ is not in one only society. " Protestants teach that it is not necessary to sal vation to' embrace the faith and communion of the true Church. - " Protestants take for their rule of fatih the Scrip tures, as interpreted by their own private judgment " Protestants deny that the grace of the Holy Ghost is given by the Bishop's hands in confirmation. Protestants deny that Christ's flesh is meat indeed, and his blood drink indeed.' " All we can say is we are not such Pro testants. We protest not against Catholics but against Papists, aud we think tlie Pro testants of whom the writer- of the tract speaks, and whom he confounds with the English Churchmen alla along, are in even greater error than Romanists : — ii. from the ten. " Protestants maintain that there is a necessity of receiving in kinds, in order to everlasting life.' ' Protestants condemn the invocation of angels. " Protestants deny that it is lawful to have images in Churches. These and some few others of the asser tions, (barely ten we find,) we are willing to make in common with other " Protestants but it would be very easy for a weakminded man who was overwhelmed with the clear refutation of his fifty assertions; to be in duced to receive the ten errors that are ingeniously scattered among the truths, and so to leave his own Catholic Church for one that is not only Catholic but Roman , and as such corrupt. We trust that the fast-spreading know ledge of Church principles will put our brethren on their guard against the schis- matical emissaries of the Popeof Rome. Public Nuisances. — We receive numer ous complaints from all parts of the city of the serious nuisance arising from neglect of drainage, and other similar causes. We cannot take any further notice of them our selves, than by urging upon the City Coun cillors the importance, of attending most minutely to this branch of their department, i i which the health and comfort of the in habitants are so deeply involved. Parramatta District Council. — This body met for the dispatch of business on Wednesday. A letter from the Colonial Secretary was read stating that the proceeds arising from the tolls in the district for the month of January has been paid over to the use of the Council. A petition was presented from the lessee of the Broken- uack bridge toll on the Windsor road, which set forth that he had taken the toll at a rate far beyohd the receipts. As the tolls had been let by the Government, the secre tary was directed to inform the petitioner that the Council could not afford him any redress, and that he must apply to his Ex cellency the Governor who alone had the power to remit any portion of the rent. A communication from Mr. Hugh Taylor com plaining of two holes in Macquarie street, and requesting that that part of the road might be repaired, was referred to the Com mittee of Works. Messrs. Byrnes and Murray were added to the Committee of Finance, and Drs'. Hill ani Anderson to the Committee of Works. The Council then adjourned. until the 10th of April. H. M. S. "Bramble." — This fine man-of- war schooner having undergone a thorough repair on the Patent Slip, hauled, on Wed nesday, to the Commissariat Wharf. It is expected that she will be ready for sea in about ten days, when she will accompan the Fly on her surveying expedition. Insolvency Business. — At the insolvent court on Wednesday, 'the following persons applied for and obtained certificates of dis charge under the old act, namely : Solomon Levien, Richard Crampton, Mark Last, John Simson. Wheelock Price. The cer tificates of the following insolvents under the new act, were confirmed by the court, namely, John WilliamPenn Biick, Richard Stewart, and Francis ICelk.. On Thurs day the applications of the undermentioned insolvents for certificates of discharge were granted, namely, Francis Mitchell, Charles Mitchell, and Joseph Henry Levien, of the firm of Francis Mitchell and Co., George Hebler, Archibald Eliot, George Muckle, Robert. Beatso, n, Noah Bushb', Alexander Andrews, Samuel Onions, and Vincentz Zahel. The application of William Drake, of the firm of William Drake and Co., was opposed on several grounds by Mr. George Thorne. After hearing (he arguments on both sides the Chief Commissioner withheld the certificate, iu consequence of the insol vent having appropriated to his own use, the sura of 3151. of which he had the dis posal as agent. The consideration of other business before the court was postponed until Thursday next. New Insolvent — Port Phillip.— We regret to observe by the Port Phillip papers, that D»r. Thomson, late one of the members for that district, has been com. pelled to file his schedule, owing to the em. barrassed state of his affairs. The follow ing is a copy of Iris balance sheet ; — Debts, 2,759b Is. 6d ; assets, landed property, not mortgaged, 2001 ; personal property, stock in trade, 4-411.; bad debts, 20001 ; good debts, 1091. 19s. ; balance in favour of the -state, 11. 10s. 6d. The Cutter "Sisters." — The follow, ing is a list of the names of the unfortunate seamen who shipped on board the above , vessel, for the Soutn Sea Islands, in Nov. last, and who were murdered at the Island of Marree: — W. Bread (master) Mr. Har per, (owner of the vessel) D. Darwell, John Harris, Joseph Webb, J. Hopkins, D. M'Carthy, James Pycroft, Robert A alker," and Thomas Clogue, all British seamen, l'lie unfortunate master of this vessel was the sa tie who commanded the emigrant ship Hibernia , which left Liverpool for Sydney ia 1833, but caught fire at SQ3, about 2000 miles from the coast of Brazil ; after which a number of the emigrants ar rived at Rio in boats, the rest remaining on board the burning vessel till she sunk, when they perished. He afterwards commanded the brig Micmach , which vessel was also lost at the South Sea Islands, but not while under his command. Again, he obtained the command of the brig Queen Victoria, which vessel was wrecked while under his command. On the whole his nautical ca reer has been most unfortunate. We un derstand that Captain Brend had been left considerable property in Newfoundland, and upon his return from the islands he intended to visit his native county.— -Australian. Immigration.; — We have satisfaction in stating that,the immigrants by the William Metcalfe have met with employment at fair wages, with the exception of a -few fa milies. The remuneration offered to them for their services as agricultural labourers is higher than that given by the settlers iu the Port Phillip district ; and there is every probability of the next comers meeting with engagements at the same rate of wages. We observe by a contemporary journal that' Mr. Besnard has established a depot at Cork for the accommodation of the emi grants, previous to their embarkation, and that the most judicious arrangements have been carried out, with respect to the classi fication and rationing the people in messes, similar to the regulations observed on board the emigrant ships. Mr. Besnard is certainly entitled to great credit for the manner in which he has conducted his agency, and we trust similar plans will be adopted at the other seaport towns, whence the emigrant ships take their departure. The Steamer "Comet." — This steamer hauled on Wednesday to the Commercial Wharf, for the purpose of undergoing re pairs. Her engine will be taken out, and . it is expected that some work will he done to her hull. Some time, therefore, must ne cessarily elapse before she can resume her trips to Parramatta. Necessary Precaution. — We are glad to observe, that t»ie Directors of the Hunter River Steam Navigation Company have promptly attended to a suggestion made to them by. the Commissioners of Police, and have directed, that in future their vessels shall go only at half speed until Fort Mac quarie is passed, and that the bell shall be rung the whole way. Derangement. — Yesterday morning, about eight o'clock, one of the inmates of the Military Hospital, who has for some time been of a demented state of mind, eluded the vigilance of two of his comrades appointed to take charge of him, and jumped from the balcony to the ground, a height of nearly twenty feet. The poor fellow was immediately taken up and conveyed to his ward, when it was found his jaw-bone had been brotten, and that he was otherwise se riously injured by his fall. He »ow lies in a very dangerous state. Labour — It will be seen by our report of the proceedings in the City Council on Monday last, that an advance of sixpence per diem on the wages of each of the me chanics and labourers employed upon the public works of the city. The Corporation has been censured for this judicious exer cise of public liberality, but we are not disposed to chime in with the cry of these " starvation-salary- band" system-monger-', who seem to begrudge the poortroan his hard earned mite, aifd to deal out with niggardly hand the recompeiice due t« ho nest industry. With such men liberality is considered criminal, and the Christian- Bi like feeling which should have taught them 1 10 look upon the labouring man as a brother, Bis chilled by a selfish disposition that H seeks to crush the charitable spirit which has hitherto happily prevailed amongst the members of the City Council. It is not our intention to canvass the way iirwhich these labourers have been employed. If they H Were placed on works of no public utility, the fault lies with their masters, not with I them, and we are heartily glad that the poor men have obtained the small additional, B sum of sixpence to their weekly stipend. B City Council. — The Council met yes terday for the dispatch of business. Previous to the order of the day being called, Alder men Broughton and Flood complained that they had been grossly misrepresented l>y the Sydney Morning Herald newspaper in a report of the proceedings of that Council on Monday last. They had never made use of the expressions attributed to them, that " the Council could not in justice to the citizens grant a higher rate of wages than | was barely sufficient to support life." Alder- j man Allen brought up the report of the special committee appointed to enquire into the conduct of the clerk of the cattle market, against whom a complaint had been made for deficiency of weights. Mr. jHeydon having resigned, it became necessary to ap point a person in his place, but two thirds of the Council not being preseut the motion was postponed. New tenders were ordered j for the printing required by the Corpora tion, the contract with Messrs. Kemp and Fairfax having expired. Councillor Coyle .said it was an act of injustice to give the Corporation advertisements to the Sydney Morning Herald only. The Mayor replied that there was an order of Council that no advertisement should be sent to any journal but the Government , Gazette . The uame of Councillor CowlLhaw was added to the water committe. The . Committee then adjourned. Assigned Servants. — It appearing that in some recent cases, the Government has. been charged with the expense of con veying to Sydney, certain convicts who havp been returned to the service of Government by their assignees at Parramatta, Windsor, and other neighbouring districts, his Excel lency the G -vernor directs it to be notified that the regulation of 29th March, 1843, which is republished for general informa tion, will apply to all cases of assigned ser vants being leturned from private service to Government employment. The following j is the regulation alluded to in the foregoing notice : — " It having been brought under I notice, that the Government has, in several j instances, been put to the expense of con j veying to Sydney certain convicts, who have been returned by their assignees into I the custody of the police at distant stations, h's Excellency the Governor directs it to ha notified, that assignees returning their convict servants to the service of govern- | ment, will b« required to pay into the hands of the Police Magistrate, or bench of magistrates, of the district in which the men are given up, the expense of their conveyance to Sydney ; and that, failing to defray such expense, the party returning the servant will be considered ineligible as an assignee, and have any other prisoners that may be assigned to him, withdrawn from his service." Wool Sale A sale of fifty-two bales of wool took place at Mr. Samuel Lyons's. Mart, on Thursday ; they realised the fol lowing prices: — 48 bales, lld. ; 4 bales, lOd. The quality was fine, but it was badly got up, and several bales were very seedy. Bathurst Assizes. — The criminal list for t.hp. Bathurst "Circuit Court contains fifteen eases, in which there are twenty. one prisoners. Of the cases there are — three of horse-stealing, one of assault, with intent to murder ; one of stubbing, with intent to murder ; one of shooting, with intent to murder ; three of cattle stealing, one of murder, one df robbery, with violence ; one of larceny, one of receiving stolen property, one of forgery, and one of killing sheep, with intent to steal the carcasses. The civil condition of the prisoners are — seven free by servitude, seven who are marked as free in the depositions, without stating whether they came free or have acquired their freedom by servitude; five born in the colony, one who came free to the colony,- and one prisoner of the crown- Besides' the above criminal business, , there are four civil cases for trial, namely— -Jones y. Hun- ter, Kyan v. Stangard and another, Mac kenzie v. Cummins, and Cummins v. Read, the first of winch is to be tried by a special jury,, and the last three by assessors. His Honor Mr. Justice Stephen, accompanied by the High Sheriff and Mr. Alfred Stephen, the Clerk of Arraigns, left Sydney on Wed nesday forenoon, on his way to Bathurst, by the eleven o'clock steamer. The Criminal Crown Solicitor, and the Solicitor-General, will also attend the Bathurst Assizes. The Durham Constituency. — The honourable member for Durham has fol lowed the good old plan adopted iu Eng land of meeting his constituents iu their respective districts in order to render'an account of his stewardship. We must con fess we looked forward with some little curiosity to know what Mr. Windeyer had to say respecting the' various and important subjects that will occupy the attention of the Legislative Council in tiie ensuing ses- son. We observe by a report of his speech in the Maitland Mercury that he barely touches upon the all-important subject of national education ; and we cannot learn from his address what his real opinions are with respect to this great moral question. This we regret, for we conceive it is the duty of our legislators to speak out boldly on this point, and he who fails to enlighten his const it ueufs with r.gard to the course he intends to take when the question comes before the Council, is guilty of great dis- ingenuousnes3, and is not deserving of their confidence. We will not, however, judge Mr. Windeyer too hastily ; we still hope that he will be found an advocate for the inculcation of sound religious instruction. The lion, gentleman took occasion in the course of his speech to make a sweeping attack upon the Banking Institutions of the colony, and at the same time, to remind his auditory of the excellencies of his favourite Pfaudbriefe scheme, which, as our readers know well, was disposed of in a very sum mary manner by his Excellency the Go vernor. Passing over the other topics touched upon by Mr. Windeyer, we shall merely, observe that his opinions respecting most of ' the subjects agitated during last session have undergone no change ; we may therefore look forward to a renewal of his currency scheme at ail early period. We understand that throughout his tour his auditors have not been very numerous, and in s <me instances scarcely six persons could he mustered to hear his orations. 