THE OFFERTORY AND THE NEW CHURCH AT LONGFORD. To the Editor of the Cornwall Chronicle. Sir, — The introduction of the Offertory has excited much angry speculation among Ihe attendants of the Longford Church : some are bewildered with the impudence of the innova tion, whilst others are anxiously awaiting the period at which the plate-bearers will close their predatory labours. Such parties, verily, utnj »^»v tircii |icuuiu«i unuuft ,— *ivr lull gathering is not specially for one purpose or another ; — it is the re-establiiibment of an old form, and they may be satisfied that so long as they continue to give, so long will the plate holders continue to ask. When Ihe clergy find, as they did before, tbat in their wisdom the goose has been killed for iu golden eggs— that the seat- holders are plate-proof, then will the custom drop into desuetude — a custom, to quote Shaktpeaie, like my Lord Bishop, ' more honoured ju tbe breach lhan in the observance.' It is a practice, however, sanctioned by the Rubric, and if the funds were entrusted to proper hands, strictly applied as ' alms for the poor,' to ' pious and charitable uses,' as therein directed, then Mai cub would be more inclined lo support than to oppose ill revival. At Longford it bat been introduced unseason ably, when pecuniary embarrassments extends o-er the length and breadth of the district; add to wbich that the gleanings are not used for charitable purpose*, but to forward a work projected in a giddy tat of high-pulsed arro gance, then will the grounds or my dissent be sufficiently explained : besides, I object to the clergy being over much involved in money matters. The repute in which the majority of our colonial ministers stand is not favourable. The incumbent, it is possible, may be a man with much 'smartness,' as the Americans say, in selling a pair of liorset or a few thousand bushelt of wheat— an excellent agent for an eilale ; he may be all tbat it fickle, dreamy, unsubstantial, and superficial— gadding about like a post-boy, with tome bobby floating in indistinct visions through hit hazy brain— a visitant, not at the straw of squalid misery, but preferring rather to pick up crumbs at Ihe rich man's table—invariably, unlett by mis. take or accident, beginning at the wrong end one who would dig a foundation, rear an cdi. See, then inquire about the site, a mere will of.the-wisp ! Should there be a minister like this, lei him with ? sorrowful resolution of amendment exclaim with Ihe Old Bailey ballad ' Come, all young men, Take naming by me. Abandon strong drink And bad com-pa-ny.' At it it impossible to cut a vapour with ? knffe, I shall attempt no farther description of such ? character ; but turn to one narked bj features more tangible and engaging— one, labouring tealously, and with a pure spirit in his holy avocation — though young, stedfast in the tenets of our Church— lib parishioner's dwelling affectionately on tho silvery tones of his voice convinced that he himself is Ihe best illustra tion of tbat doctrine he enforces with such moving eloquence and simplicity— shrinking from too close a connection with the world and acting as if religion was not merely a Sunday matter to be put on with the surplice and thrown aside with the gown — execrating tbe idea of an ecclesiastical pedlar, bis mind soars above the petty intricacies of hotse and cattle dealing, and searcbetwith untired energy into the sublime truths of revelation. Where, it may be asked, is a speaker like this to be found ? 1 know but of one, while it is lo be feared many will resemble the first picture; but still neither of these persons should 1 like as a treasurer for the poor. Three or four men occupying different stations in society, chosen from the ieat-bolden, under the condition of furnishing regular accounts for publication, would belter satisfy the con. munity lhan any individual irresponsible dis tributor. But as the fruits of the offertory are t, as they should be, given to the poor, but towards the erection or the new Church, I must say s few words to the Church Committee, for whose especial benefit these linet are penned :_In the first place, under whose authority it this diipoial or the money made? I perceive by some of the latest English journals, that the Atchbitbop of Canterbury bad petitioned her Majesty that a collection mi/rbt be made once a month throughout Ihe Episcopal Churches of the Metropolis, in aid of the Church Building Fund— which pedtloa was granted. Now, Sir, unlets Hit Elcellency Sir Eardley Wilmot, the representative or Her Majesty, and by consequence the head of tho Chuich in this colony, bat acquiesced' in the Longford appropriation of the ofieiloi y, I an of opinion the proceeding has been illegal, or to use the mildest terms, irregular and dis respectful : at all events, if His Excellency'i permission hat not been sought, be hat been treated loo cavalierly for a gentleman of liii ?? sterling old r.ngusti ' qualities to reliib. With this hint I shall add one or Iwo remarks more particularly addicssed to the Committee. These gentlemen. I regret to hear, are dit. pleased at my statements concerning them. Indeed ! Did I assert any thing not strictly tiue? Did I eiaggerate ? U so, are not the columnn of Ihe Corn mo H Chronicle at open la them as to Marcus ? Aye, but this course would be attended by that bugbear publicity. Pub. licity! The word hat even a ghost-like effect upon their nerves— it electrifies and scares them, and thus the appearance of Marcut broke in upon Iheir reveries, like a gleam of sunshine on a conclave of rats, luxuriating in Ihe gloom or a dark cellar. ' The Church,' honestly admits one of the number, ' hat ben a bad business from beginning to end;' but adds, in ft deprecatory tone, ' wbat't the gold of talking about it !' Fray, way do we fine the slanderer and hang the amain ? Simply that women should not be traduced— that men should not be murdered. ?? What's the good of talking about it ?' The question should be mooted, to remind tbote who act at delegate!, that their doings, whether good or ill, are open to discussion. In this Colony public opinion is the only check upon such bodies— and happy for us that such a check exult. Marcus imputes no malversation — but why not publish a debtor and creditor account for toe information of all the contributor! to the fund any man wAo gives a shilling towards a pub lic object, nat a rtgnf (o fcnow now that shilling hat been expended. True, there hit been multitudinous meeting! of the Committee, two, three, four, and perhaps now and then even five or six attending ; yet we have had no promulgation of the minutes of such meetings all hat been ' sad, silent, and dark,' enveloped « the tbick cloud, of n»j»tery. Tt-» U net u it should be. It would be more gratifying to all who take an interest in the Church wen it otherwise. The Committee bad been censured for many aclt undeservedly, for which they have them ?elves only to blame ; for the abtense of au thentic lepoitt, presents a wide range for vague suspicion and ungenerous turmiie. Let them, therefore, come boldly forwaid at honest stewards, silencing all querrulout inquiries, bearing in their bands, even now at the eleventh hour, a full, clear, and explanatory account of the tit year's receipts and eipendi ture— no person ought to carp at this—I am ture it ii not an unreasonable suggestion. Il it not their duly to court inquiry, to keep account!, and at stated period! to submit ibott accounts to inspection? By adopting this course, three desirable objects will be attained. They will divert themselves of a portion of their responsibility ; the curiosity of the inhabitants of Norfolk Plains will be satisfied ; and, lastly, they will put a final close to the lucubrations of Tour obedient servant, Mabcci. Longford, May 16. 