LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. EDUCATION. (DEBATE OF FRIDAY, 4TH OCTOBER) Mr. ROBINSON (member for Melbourne) opened the debate by proposing the resolutions which had been for some time past on the paper, in his name, which were as follow : 1\. That this Council, having taken into con- sideration the Report of a Select Committee, appointed to enquire into and Report upon the state of Education in this Colony, and to devise the means of placing the education of youth upon a basis suited to the wants and wishes of the community, adopts, generally, the opinions contained therein. 2\. That it is advisable to introduce Lerd Stanley's system of National Education into this colony. 3\. That in order to introduce this system, his Excellency the Governor be requested to ap- point a Board of persons, favourable to the introduction of Lord Stanley's National Sys- tem of Education, and belonging to the dif- fferent religious denominations; this Board to be vested with a very wide discretion, as to the arrangements necessary for carrying the system into effect; and all funds to be thenceforth applied for the purposes of Edu- cation, to be administered by them. 4\. The leading principle by which the Board of Education shall be guided is, to afford the same facilities for. Education to all classes of professing Christians, without any attempt to interfere with the peculiar religious opinions of any, or to countenance proselytism. 6\. That the Board be incorporated. 6\. That an Address be presented to his Excel- lency the Governor, transmitting the above Resolutions, and praying that he will be pleased to take them into his favourable con- sideration, and carry them into effect. The duty of opening this debate, and of bringing forward this important question of education for the children of the people, had devolved upon him in consequence of the retirement from the House of his learned friend who had filled the office of Chairman of the Select Committee appointed by the Council to enquire into, and report upon, the subject of education in this colony. He deeply felt that the important subject would suffer in his hands, that he was , altogether unqualified to do that justice to the i question which his learned friend would have done; but he trusted to the right feeling of ho- norable members for their giving that considera- tion which the importance of tho subject demanded, however incompetent he might be to bring that subject, in all its bearings, pto- . perly under their consideration. The members of this Council, as legislators for the country which they represented, were now called upon to perform a most important duty, and it would depend upon the manner in which that duly was performed, whether the generations which were to succeed them should enjoy the bless- ings attendant upon education, or be con- demned to suffer the crime and miseries which must over be tho consequence of ignorance, lt had been ably said by an able man, that pro- perty had its duties as well as its rights ; he would add that society had also its duties as well as its rights, and the first duty of society, he maintained, was to educate the people. Society claimed for itself the right to punish crimes ; these crimes resulted from igno- rance alone, and before society arrogated to itself the right to punish, it was the duty of society to educate the people, to remove the chief, if not the only cause, of crime. From the oflicial returns which had been laid before the Select Committee, it ap- peared that there were in this colony about 25,676 children between the ages of four and fourteen years ; of these only 76-12 were re- ceiving education in public schools, and 4865 in private schools, leaving about 13,000 children who, so far as the Committee had been able to understand, were receiving no education at all ; and he feared that the returns of those attend- ing public schools were not to bc depended upon as altogether correct, for he knew that at a school in his immediate neighbourhood, one probably of the best conducted under the pre- sent system, the number stated in the return was 200, while he had ascertained that the average daily attendants did not exceed 100, and he felt assured that instead of 7642, the average daily attendants at public schools did not exceed 6000. He believed notwithstand- ing the denial of the honorable member for Cumberland, that there were really many more than 25,000 children between the "ages of four and fourteen years, and a still larger number than had been stated who were receiving no education ; and comparing our population with that of Switzerland, he found that we ought to have at least 33,000 children attending schools, and with that of Prussia 28,000. The effect of education, he would contend, notwith- standing that the contrary had been ably argued by a recent writer in Blackwood's Magazine - the effect of education was to prevent crime ; and it would at all events be clear that crime was a constant attendant upon ignorance, to any one who would take the trouble to refer to the tables of revenue, population, &c.;, of the United King- dom for 1840, printed by order of the House of Commons, At page 280, table 217. "show- ing the state of instruction of the total number of prisoners for trial, or tried at Assizes or Sessions during 1840, it appeared that there were 9314 who could neither read nor write ; 6361 who could only read ; 8941 who could read or write, or both imperfectly ; and 2589 only who could read and write well. From a similar return of prisoners under summary convictions, it appeared that there were 26,238 who could neither read nor write; 13,644 who could only read; 21,183 who could read or write, or both imperfectly ; and 2550 only, who could read and write well. In spite then of all that was said or written to the contrary, he must still believe that ignorance was the chief if not the sole cause of crime. Taking an aver- age of England and Wales there was perhaps one-tenth to one-eleventh part of the popula- tion attending schools, but the education com- municated was of an inferior description, and in point of quality far below the standard of Holland, Prussia, Scotland, and some other countries. In Scotland it appeared that a ninth part of the population were receiving education in public schools, either parochial or non-parochial, exclusive of private schools for males and females, and of those receiving education from domestic tutors. In Prussia the population was 13,510,030, and the total number of children at public and private schools 2,235,359-or 1 in every 6.04 of the population. In Switzerland, in 1831, more than 1-5th of the whole population were attend- ing schools, and in 1835 that population amounted to 2,131,OOO. He would call the par- ticular attention of the Council to what was said by the same author (Dr. Bowring) from whom he had collected the statistics he had already given, with respect to Sweden,-"In Sweden, of the whole population, including the Laps, it is reckoned that the proportion of thc grown up persons unable to read is less than 1 in every 1000\. This general diffusion of elementary education is ascribed to Gustavus Vasa and his immediate successors. John the Third, in 1574, ordained that the nobleman who had no knowledge of book learning should for- feit his nobility. Charles XI., in 1684, re- quired the clergy to have all Swedish subjects taught to read, and made it a law that no mar- riage should be celebrated unless the parties had previously partaken of the Lord's Supper, and that none should be admitted to the com- munion table who could not read, and was not instructed in religion. Parochial schools, how- ever, are only found where there happens to be lands or rents bequeathed for the purposes of edu- cation, and these, in some parishes are ambula- tory, in others fixed. It is supposed that one-half of all thc parishes have no schools at all ; but the deficiency is supplied by the people themselves, who teach their children at home in the leisure hours of their long winters. The King, in opening the diet in 1810, recommended the establishment of primary schools in every parish. In the provincial towns there are gymnasiums, or high schools, which prepare thc youth for the Universities. Tho population of Sweden is 2,888,082 ; and of Norway, 1,200,000." He, Mr. Robinson, wished to witness here the establishment of primary schools ; he would be satisfied if the Council . took means to educate one generation of the people ; he should have no fear of after gene- rations : for no mother who had been educated herself would, he was assured, suffer that her child should be deprived of the advantages of education. The amount of crime in Swe- den had been referred to, to show that the system pursued there did not act as a preventive of crime. And the Reverend Dr. Polding, in his evidence before the Committee, speaking of Prussia and Sweden, said, "In Sweden thc proportion of renders as compared with the whole population is as 999 to 1000; but the statistics of the two countries betray such a state of demoralization as one can scarcely con- ceive to be possible." He had not been in Sweden himself, but he had for many years been con- nected with the trade of Sweden, and he could not help thinking that the reverend gentleman had been misinformed, at all events the sta- tistics he referred to would mislead him ; and if the laws of this colony punished all the offences which were punished in Sweden, and one of these was profane swearing -he feared that the statistics of crime in this colony would exceed those of Sweden. "Whatever might be said on tho other side, he should be satisfied when edu- cation in this colony was raised to the standard of Prussia. Referring further to statistical au- thorities, he found that in Austria Proper, there were 918, in Tyrol and Vorarlberg 915, in Moravia and Silesia 910, in Bohemia 906 children, out of every 1000, attending schools. In the United States of America a similar favorable aspect presented itself. The following state- ment, as to popular education in the United States, was taken from the Christian Review: " It appears that for the purposes of what may be called popular education, we have, of acade- mies and grammar schools, 3212 ; of common schools, 47,209 ; giving, as the whole number of our institutions for popular education, 50,451. According to a table compiled for one of our southern journals, it appears, as the effect of our extensive common school systems, that in Maryland, there is the proportion of but 1 to every 27 who cannot read or write ; in Louisiana, 1 to 38 ; in Ohio, 1 to 43 ; Penn- sylvania, 1 to 50 ; N«w York, 1 to 50 ; New Jersey, 1 to 58 ; Rhode Island, 1 to 67 ; Michi- gan, 1 to 97 ; Maine, 1 to 108 ; while, better still, in the other N«w England States, in | Massachusetts appears the gratifying fact, that there is but 1 to 166 ; in New Hampshire, but 1 to 310 ; in Vermont, but 1 to 173 ; and, best of all, in Connecticut, the leader among the States in the enterprise of popular education, but 1 to 568. Out of our population, theií; stf 17 000.000, there is a grand.-proportion whoT can read and write their own language." Of the beneficial effects produced by the sys- -tem pursued in America, we find constant proofs here in Sydney ; the American whaling vessels came into these seas ; the crews were orderly as they were enterprising ; their ships filled up with oil, and returned well laden to their ports; a Sydney whaler, however, could not go out but discontent and mutiny prevailed, arising doubtless from ignorance, and the in- dulgence consequent upon it, intoxication ; and the vessel returned to port, and proved an al- most ruinous spéculation to the owner. The state of education in Massachusetts reflected the highest credit on that State, and it was to the attention which had there been paid to educa- tion, that she owed her present success in her marine fisheries; she could never have succeeded in commerce as she had if she had not educated her people. In France, at the end of the year 1837, the total number of schools, public and private, was 53,920, and the number of pupils at the same period 2,051,492. The masters of elementary schools have a residence, and re- ceive a yearly salary of 200 francs, or a little more than £8 sterling ; and the masters of the superior schools, with a residence, receive a salary of 400 francs, or somewhat more then £16 sterling. About 1 in 10 of the population of France were attending public schools, and £800,000 of public money was devoted every year to public education by the state. France indeed had had fearful experience of the effects of ignorance in the political hurricane which swept the face of the country at the end of the last century ; under l'ancien regime, the dynasty of the elder branch of the Bourbons, not 1 in 50 of the popu- lation of France could write their names ; no wonder then that such results should have fol- lowed. And he much feared that similar horrors would yet overtake another power ; ho meant Russia ; the population was 59,133,566; the number of children in public and private schools 1,058,000, or one in every fifty of the population. This was in 1831 ; and , the consequence of this lamentable state of education was, that corruption prevailed throughout the whole of the Government ; and this he would venture to assert, without thinking that in doing so he laid himself open to a charge of uncharitableness to his neigh- bours. lt had been urged and it might again be urged by those who wished still to keep the people in a"state of ignorance-Unit if you edu- cate thc people ns was now proposed you would unlit them for tho humbler and more j laborious avocations of life. He denied this however. Ile appealed to the experience of Scotland, and he would ask those who were acquainted with the state of agriculture in Scotland, whether it was not tile case that ono acre of cultivated land in Scotland was made to produce double what an acre of land in England would produce, and this because tho labourers of Scotland were educated, and applied their knowledge to their labours, while the labourers of England were far behind them. To return, however, lo the subject now more immediately before the Council ; the Select Committee lind examined twenty-one witnesses, and of these fourteen were in favour of amènerai system, and seven of a denominational system, of education. The denominational system hud already been in operation in this colony for severn* yea«. The late Governor, his Excel- lency Sir Richard Bourke, wished to introduce n general system of education, but he was op- posed, and nt the time the project failed ; although there was little doubt that if ho lind not been removed from the Government, the system would long ere this have been introduced, nnd have produced the most beneficial effects. The present Governor had also proposed the introduction of a general system ; but again the attempt had been de- feated-tho denominational system had been allowed to prevail-for years it had been acted upon-and the consequence was, that more than half of tho children of the colony were growing up in ignorance,-were left without any education at all. The denominational system had been tried; it had been weighed in tho balances and found wanting ; it did not provide education for the people, and it was the bounden duty of thc Législature to provide some system which would. The Committee of the Council had carefully considered what system was tho best adapted to this colony, taking especially into consideration thc scattered nature of its population, and they had almost unanimously agreed tho best possible system which could be introduced was Lord Stanley's system, and in this reccommcndation of tho Committee, he most cordially concurred. This Irish system was founded on thc recommendations of a Hoard of Commissioners, " for enquiring into the state of all schools on public or charitable foundations in Ireland, which report -was dated 30th October, 1S12. Thc Commissioners weto all Protestants; there were the Bishops of Armagh, of Cashel, and of Killalla ; thc Provost for tile time-being of Tiinity Col- lege, Dublin ; and others whose names' were well known in connexion with thc history of Ireland. The Commissioners recommended the establishment of a "system of education, from which should be banished even thc suspicion of proselytism, and which, admitting children of all religious persuasions, should not inter- fere with tho peculiar tenets of any." And with jcferenco to the books to be used in tho schools under such system, they said : "In such selection of books for the new schools, wc doubt not but it will be found practicable to introduce not only a number of books in which moral principles will bc incul- cated in such a manner as is likely to make deep and lasting impressions .on thc youthful mind, hut also ample extracts from the Sacred Scriptures themselves, an carly acquaintance with which we deem of thc utmost importance, and indeed indispensable in forming the mind tn just notions of duty, and sound principles of conduct, lt appears to us that a selection may- be made, in which the most important parts of Sacred History sluill be included, together with all thc precepts of morality, and all the instructive examples by which those precepts are illustrated and enforced, and which shall not be liable to any of the objections which have been made to tho use of the Scriptures in the course of education. The study of such a volume of extracts from the sacred writings would, in our opinion, form the best prepara- tion for that more particular religious in- struction which it would be the duty, and we doubt not the inclination also, of their several ministers of religion to give, nt proper times, and in other places, to tho children of their respective congregations." Tlie recommendation of the Commissioners, however, was not carried out ; all that was done was to place £3000 a-year at thc disposal of the Kildare Street Society ; but it was found that the.objects recommended hythe Commis- sioners were not cifected. The author of the system now proposed, in writing to tho Duke of Leicester, thus spoke of the failure: "Tho determination to enforce in all their schools tho reading of the Holy Scriptures, without note or comment, was undoubtedly taken with tho purest motives ; with tho wish at once to com- j bine religious with moral and literary educa- I lion, and at thc same time not to run the risk of wounding thc peculiar feelings of any sect by catechetical instruction, or comments which might tend to subjects of polemical controversy. But it seemed to have been overlooked that the principles of the Roman Catholic Church were totally at variance with this principle, and that tho reading of the Holy Scriptures, without note or comment, by children, must be pecu- liarly obnoxious to a Church which denies even to adults the right of unaided private inter- pretation of the sacred volume, in articles of religious belief." The recommendation of thc Commissioners was made in IS 12; the grant to the Kildare-street Society immediately fol- lowed ; but there were insurmountable obsta- cles to carrying out tho system that was required, and in 1830, when there were only 8000 children attending that Society's schools, notwithstanding tho long period which they had been established, tho present Secretary of State for tho Colonies, who was then Secretary for Ireland, saw that something must bc done to educate the people, that the money granted annually from the public funds was not so applied as to give tho desired education. He immediately fell back upon the system proposed by the Commissioners, in 1812, and that system waa introduced ; for some time it met with considerable opposition, so much so that for two years or moro there were not above 00,000 or 80,000 children in tho schools ; but the number at tho date of thc last reports had roached 350,000. 111*1835, nt the iC,imo of the change of ministry; the Parliamen- i -avV" munt was increased from £30,000 to C5 ?0, and ainco then it had increased i to £70,000. Tho system, ns he had «Md, I < hud been opposed in Ireland, as it i now -was opposed herc, and amongst \ i those who strongly opposed it were tito 11 Presbyterians ; a change, however, had taken ( place, and now tho people of the province of Ulster were almost unanimous in their appro- val and support of tho systom. Here too, as well os in Ireland, and elsewhere, it appeared that this system had thc advantage of making friends as people becomo better acquainted with it. The Committee alluded to this fact in their Report in thc following terms :-" It has been the good fortuno of this system to disarm many opponents, and to convert them into its advo- cates. As an example of this, your Committco have much pleasure in referring to tho evidence of the Rev. Mr. Saunders, (page 0(5), who, with others, opposed this system in 1830, and who now most earnestly recommends it. Of the secular instruction communicated under this system, your Committco do not think it neces- sary to speak at large. The school books have been compiled willi the most admirable care and judgment, and will save much trouble to those in whose hands tho management of the system shall be placed." And os an additional proof, he would mention some personal friends of his, whoso opinions were of considerable value, and who, ot the time he left England, were utterly opposed to tho Irish system. He alluded lo Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Hall, who hod horne their testimonies in favour of thc Irish system, in their recent work on Ireland, in tho following terms :-" During our recent tours in | Ireland, we visited schools in nearly every county of tho South, East , and North, inspecting j somewhat minutely at least a hundred ot them. Wo confess that conviction as to their unobjec- | tionoble character forced itself slowly upon our minds ; that wo commenced our examination predisposed to condemn them ; and that our prejudices have been overcome only by re- peated proofs of tho great good they aro achieving-good that might bo largely multi- plied if all their opponents would ascertain, ns wo did, the actual and practical working of the. system ; and join, as we fervently hone, and confidently expect they will, ' heart and hand,' in rendel ing thom effective for tho great and high purpose for which thc State endows them." Three years ago these persons were as heterodox, I with respect to thc Irish system, as the honor- j able member for Cumberland himself. He would detain the house for a few minutes while he referred to tho evidence of tho Rev. Dr. Ross, which ho also thought wns worthy of the utmost attention. Dr. Ross was askod, " 15. Do you not think any deficiency there might be in the religious instruction might bu supplemented by Sunday Schools? That is rather anticipating one of tho questions. In reference to thc lush system, there are one or two facts very important to bo kept in view. I remember very well when that system was first proposed, there was an immense outcry against it in England, and in ditl'ercnt pails of Ireland. I considered that the whole was a mero bug- bear, raised for the purpose of promoting tho political views of a party ; instead, therefore, of joining in the outcry, I united with sover.il in- fluential persons in drawing up and presenting nu address to the ministry, approving of tho measure, encouraging them to proceed with it, and requesting they would give no heed lo thc outcry. My opinions have been confirmed by what lins occurred since then : forsinco thc politi- cal object has been gained, the outcry hos censed, and the men who made thu most noise against tho system aro now as quiet as mice. 1 hove been still funner confirmed in my opinion from this fact, that in the late discussion which took pince on Lord John Russell's motion on thc state of Ireland, the Premier, in his speech, announced that one of thc measures nbeul to bc adopted for benclitting Ireland was, an ad- ditional grant to this very educational system. Therefore, I conclude that the system works well, lt lins been in operation now twelve or thirteen years, thc number of schools is increas- ing greatly, ns well ns of the children who attend them, and it has gained tho appro- bation of both parties in politics. lt is a tried system, aili likely to suit here." He thought it would be unnecessary to detain thc House much longer. Tho principle of tho system proposed was-that tho funds of the stnte should only be advanced to assist those schools in which a combined literary instruc- tion, embracing ns much of thc truths of Christianity as can bo taught to children of different denominations is given, in which re- ligious instruction is separate, and in which every possible care is taken to guard against attempts ot proselytism. Such wos, in his opinion, tho only' system which could be carried out in this colony ; the denomina- tional system he felt assured could never prodnco tho benefits of education so much needed. Tho population was too scattered ; thirty or forty children might be nssembled in one pince, and there thc best education might be given them under a general system, and the State might afford to support that school ; but if thc denominational system were to be continued, there would probably be required for these thirty or forty children some four or five schools, as those children would belong to as many denominations-the consequence would be, that many places would bo left unprovided for ; as they had been told, Braid- wood was without a school of any description so doubtless were nt present many other places ; and they must continue to bc so destitute while tho present system prevailed. Ho hoped that the Council, in coming to a de- cision this day, would show themselves alive to the duties tlicy owed to society, not only to the present, but also to that which was to fol I low. He was satisfied that, as he now stood before the Council, no system but a general system would ever be found adequato to the education of thc people of this colony ; the sys- tem which tho Committee now recommended was the only one known which was free from those objections which had arose to other sys- tems, from thc very nature of society herc. And tho Council must recollect too, that they were thc more imperatively called upon to pro- vide education for the rising generation of tho colony, in consequence of tho social disadvantages under which they would labour. There was still hero the remnant of the convict system which lind been in full operation for haifa century ; and although transportation of felons to this country had censed, yet from our vicinity to tho sister colo- nies wc should still be subjected to its evil in- fluences. Tho only way to rescue tito children of thc colony from the effects of the contagion, was to give them education; and ho did hope that thc House would now perform ita duty, and by providing a system of education adapted to the colony, prevent thc continuance to future times of ignorance, intemperance, misery, and crime. Willi llu-nc few observations ho would beg leave to moTO tho resolutions of which ho had given notice. Mr. YOUNG (member for Port Phillip) said, that he had groat pleasure in seconding thc adoption of the resolutions which had just boca pioposod by his honorable friend thc memberv for Melbourne. The question which the Council" had to determine appeared to him to bo, "should the people be educated or not? " He did not imagine that the Council would deny the people education ; it then followed to consider tho manner in which that education should bo given : tho system hitherto pursued, the deno . mutational system, had been tried and had been found wanting ; tho experience of years liad shown that it was wholly inapplicable to thc colony ; and, therefore, the State would not bc justified in supporting such a system any longer,^ Ho had concurred in tho Keport of tho Com-'' niittoe after mature consideration, and after some experience of thc operation of the system in Ireland. He had visited the schools in Ire- land, had witnessed their effects j he had con- versed with landlords on tho subject, and they who were once opposed to thc introduction of thc system, now approved of it, and ad- mitted that it was the only system adapted to Ireland. It was the duty of the State to i give her subjects such an education as would lit them to perform their duty to the State; but it was not tho duty of the State to bring up her i children in any particular form of worship. It . was not proposed altogether to exclude rcli- ¡ gious instruction from tho schools under this ¡ system ; but it was proposed that such iustruc- 1 lion should only be given at certain proper i times. Unless then, the Council felt disposed \ to cast aside their duty altogether, to leave the r people still to ignorance and consequent crime, or 1 unless they were prepared to expend the wholo t of the revenue in order to keep up a system 1 which he was convinced would still prove in- s efficient, he thoughtthat they were imperatively t 2 :nllcd upon to adopt tho Itcport of tha Com- 18 mittco, and to carry it into clfcct by establish- l ( mg n general system of education applicable to . the wants of thc colony, the only system which i could counteract the evil influences of thc ig- ' nonince and conséquent crime which had hitherto prevailed. Mr. LAMB (nominee) rose to express his total dissent from the resolutions proposed by thc honorable member for Melbourne. Tho Committee, whose Report was now under the consideration of the House, was appointed beforo ho had tho honour of a seat in this House ; but on reference to tho records of tho j House, ho found that the instruction given to that Committee was, " to enquire into and report upon tho slate of education in this colony ; and to devise the means of placing the education of youth upon a basis suited to the wants and wishes of tho community." He"'' was not prepared to, nor was it necessary that he should, deny that tho Committee had de- vised a scheme suited to the "wants ;" but he must most positively deny that they had de- vised a scheme suited to the " wishes" of the community. Only yesterday he had pre- sented a petition to which were attached no less than nine thousand and three hundred and forty-six signatures of persons altogether opposed to the system recommended ; he knew also that a large number of petitions most nu- merously signed had been presented from other quarters equally opposed to it. The Protestant Episcopalians were not alone in their oppo- sition; the Wesleyans, the Presbyterians, the Roman Catholics, all the large bodies of re- ligionists of which the community was com- posed, had recorded their protest against the introduction of the system. Petitions had been presented on the other side, in favour of the system, but the signatures were not one fourth, nay, he believed, not one-tenth of the number of those which were opposed to it. It was clear then that if the Committee in their wisdom had devised a scheme suitable to the wants of the community, they had utterly failed in devising a scheme suitable to the wishes of the very large majority of the people. It was not because there were marks attached to these petitions, because some of tho signatures were those of unedu- cated people, that they were to be disregarded by the Council; or that it should be taken as for granted that such persons were incapable of giving on opinion as to the mode in which their children should be educated. There were no petitions against education: all, even the most ignorant, desired earnestly that their children should be educated ; and notwithstanding the sneers so often indulged in, in the course of thc presentation of the petitions, at the marksmen, and of the signatures of servants, he must look upon the record of their opinion, in a matter which so vitally interested them, as of the highest importance. The honorable member who had moved the resolutions now before the House had dwelt at length upon the state of edu- cation in Prussia, in Switzerland, in France ; but the honorable gentleman had left entirely out of consideration the important question as to the state of religion in those countries. In Prussia, from the time of Frederick the Great down to Inter years, religion had been at the lowest ebb, in the Court as well as amongst the people—infidelity itself prevailed to a large extent, and was openly avowed ; it was not until after the battle of Jena that a slight change took place; after that disastrous battle the Court became somewhat less irreligious but it was too late to carry the people with it and still religion amongst the people was at a wretchedly low ebb, and the ministers of reli- gion were reduced to such a condition as he prayed sincerely our ministers might never be reduced to. The honorable member for Mel- bourne had told them that £800,000 a-year of public money was annually expended in France in education ; but could the honourable member point to any good ef- fects which the education so given had pro- duced? Were the people not the same restless and belligerent people they had been in other days ? Was not young France now as eager fo war, as ready to carry devastation by sword and fire all over the world, as France had ever been? The honorable member then turned to Russia, and foreboded fearful evils from the state of ignorance which there prevailed : but would the honorable member compare the barbarians of Russia to the offspring of the people of a civilized country ? As well might virtue have been looked for from the Goths and Vandals of old, as from these barbarians utterly destitute of all knowledge of re- ligion. The honorable member had said, that the success of the ships of America, which came fishing in our southern seas, was to be attributed to the education which America gave to her people- her sea- men. He (Mr. Lamb) should atttribute it to far different causes-to the absence of inebriety rather than the presence of religious influence ; and he felt assured that if persons here who fitted out whaling vessels, would determinedly refuse to put on board of them spirits or other intoxicating drinks, the returns from their ex- peditions would be far more valuable than they now were. All parties, all denominations of religionists, all persuasions, were alike agreed that the people ought to be educated. No man was more anxious than he that all suitable means of education should be provided and he should rejoice that the State should provide £20,000 instead of £10,000 to provide such education for the people ; and he did hope that ere long, when the colony should be re- lieved from the unjust as well as the enormous charge for police and gaols, there would be no difficulty in making such provision. Still he could not see why any particular system should be forced upon the colony, whether the people desired it or not ; here especially, where there were already schools established-- insufficient perhaps-and teachers who had been labouring ' for years to educate the people. He did not see why a system, which elsewhere had failed to a certain extent,-for, notwithstanding the state- ments which had been made, statements de- serving every respect, that the system had answered well in Ireland, there were other con- trary statements, equally deserving of respect, -he did not see, he said, why such a system should be forced upon the people of this co- lony. Some few years ago, it would be re- membered, this City was much distressed by fever and disease, and the sufferers were chiefly of the poor. It would have been as reasonable then to have said to the poor and the sick, we will give you medicine and nourishment, but we will give it you on the hydropathic system only; take that system or none, it would have been as reasonable to have done this, as to tell tho people now, "You want education and we will give you education ; but you must take Lord Stanley's system or none at all." A great deal had been said on the other side, during the presentation of the petitions on this subject, as to the influence which had been exercised by the clergy-the activity of tho priesthood in getting up peti- tions against this system-and it had been said that they feared its introduction, lest it should deprive them of a portion of their influence. But, on the other hand, he would ask why should not the clergy have taken an active interest in the matter ? Was it not rather their bounden duty as clergymen to take that active part, to use their legitimate in- fluence in furthering that object which they thought would most conduce to the welfare of the people entrusted to their spiritual care? He could not see reason for the taunts which had been uttered. Indeed he should regret that this measure, or any other measure, should be introduced which would have the effect of de- creasing the influence of the clergy, an in- fluence which he must ever regard as tho most beneficial, which he earnestly desired to see extended rather than diminished. And in a question like this, he considered that the clergy were as fit and proper judges of what would be good for the people as an equal number of any other persons, to whatever body, or power, they might belong. The question, however, was one which should not be hastily decided, either one way or the other; he thought at present that a medium course, while it would satisfy all parties, would lead also to the best results. He would say, let the state still extend its aid to those schools which had been established, which had been doing good to the people ; and where , now schools were called for, where it was im- possible from tho nature of the population to idhere to tho system hitherto pursued-then , ct this new system be tried-let it be fairly tried-let its merits be ascertained. (Hear, hear.) But let not the Council disturb these schools which were already established, schools , to which tho people had become attached, schools to which they loved to send their chil- dren. Let not the Council overthrow, at one stroke, and for the sake of introducing a new and untried system, the results of the labours of learned and pious men, who for years had strug- gled to overcome the difficulties which lay in their path. (Hear, hear.) Let not thc Coun- cil destroy that work which had made-was still making --happy progress ; but if it was sincerely believed that this system would be ad- vantageous to the people, there was ample room on thc outskirts of counties, on the borders of the colony, to establish it, to try it. The Council, instead of aggravating evils already acknowledged to exist, in consequence of the insufficiency of the means of education, by in- troducing, forcing upon the people a system to which the large majority of them were opposed \-- let the Council vote as ample funds for Education as they could command ; let every assistance bc given to the establishment of the new schools where they were deemed desirable; but let those which were established remain un- disturbed under the care and management of those who for years past had laboured in them. He would not detain the Council any longer; but repeat wha he had stated in the outset, that he dissented altogether from the resolutions proposed by the honorable member for Mel- bourne. Mr. BLAND (Member for Sydney) said, that the subject was of such vital im- portance to the community, that he could not allow it to pass without making some few observations, he would promise by ex- pressing his gratification at the manner in which tho subject had been handled by the honorable member for Melbourne, especially with respect to the important statistics which he had brought forward; for in matters of this kind, mere state- ments of theory were deserving of very little attention unless backed by facts and figures to support them. With respect to Education, it was now universally admitted that the ability to read and write were acquirements indispen- sable to all, if merely for secular purposes ; and that education, even of such limited amount, tended to prevent crime and to deprive it of its worst features. These propositions being univer- sally admitted,it was unnecessary for him to press them upon thc Council by argument, it was suf- ticiont for him to propound them. Again, it was universally admitted, that it was at least the duty of thc State to endeavour to prevent crime, and to correct and repress it ; and as a consequence, that it was the duty of the State to provide for tho education of its children, at least to the extent before specified. He would not take up the time of the House in arguing these propositions, which, he consi- dered, were also undeniable. The next ques- tion foi consideration was, as to tho manner in which the object could be best attained, with the least possible inconvenience to any class or to the whole community, and with the greatest amount of good to all. Tho two prin- cipal methods proposed by which to obtain the object were, the Irish system and the denomina- tional system. Of one of these systems, the denominational, it had been broadly alleged that it imparted a less amount of information of the kind in question, and of inferior quality for a given outlay of the time of the scholar and the money of the State, than the other system But this objection might depend upon abuses to which any and every system was liable, rather than to any peculiarity in the system itself. The next objection was that it was not suited to the dispersed state of a large portion of the inhabitants of this co- lony : and this objection, he thought, it must be admitted, was obviously inherent to, and in- separable from it, in its application to the rural districts of this colony. The next objection urged against the denominational system was, that it did not tend to create the social har mony and mutual charity which it was the duty of every State to cultivate among its members ; but that it has a directly contrary tendency. This objection, if well founded, was certainly a most serious one. The last objec tion to the denominational system which he should mention-which he considered still more serious the more he considered it—was that it tended to create and to perpetuate errors in religion : for inasmuch as there were numerous sects of religion, who, at least the greater part of them, conscien tiously maintained that theirs alone was the true or orthodox sect—while it must be manifest from theit own assumption that there could be but one such sect—it was clear that the whole community except at most those who belonged to the sect in question, if educated under the denominational system, must be brought up in error, and that too, if those were to be believed who most strongly upheld the denominational system, of the most fatal description. He knew that on the other hand this was denied ; but the contrary proposition had not been demonstrated, and until it was, he should take it that the propo- sition was correct until thc contrary was shown; as he supposed it would be, and by some of those who however, nevertheless, he imagined would be equally ready to declare that theirs alone was the true and orthodox sect. It was possi- ble that thc tendency of the system in this respect had been exaggerated ; but from its very nature it was obvious that there were some grounds for its objection. He would now allude to the Irish system. The objections to this were, that it gave education of which religion however formed no part ; and he had no doubt that a vast number of the signatures which had been attached to the petitions which had been presented to the Council against the introduction of the system, had been attached to those petitions on the ground of this objection. Indeed, this was admitted in one of the petitions presented yes- terday, and to which he had called attention at the time ; but in answer to any objection of this sort, which might be urged against the in- troduction of the Irish system, he might reply \--and without tho possibility of refutation-- that tho objection was not only untrue, but utterly unfounded ; an assertion which might be borne out by reference to evidence, not i merely most ample, but of the most indubitable authority ; by reference, not morely to printed testimony, hilt to the system itself, now in actual operation, under "men of universally acknowledged piety and knowledge-the tes timony of men's acts as well as writings the testimony of men to whom both this and all coming generations would for over stand indebted ; tho testimony of men who had applied themselves with so much success in the promotion of art, of science, ? of education, of civilization,-by whoso moans the first great impulse was given to elevate the minds of the masses to a degree of eminence at which the minds of the most exalted classes of society, with rare exceptions, had not attained. These mon had fought the good fight with suc- cess ; their opinions, therefore, were not to be treated with indifference, much less to be re- jected. The Council then had not only opinions, but the highest possible testimony in favour of the system which this day it was proposed to establish in this colony. Tho Council in con- sidering this question were bound conscien- tiously to discharge their duty to society and to posterity-and as the question had been raised, to come to such decision as they conscien- tiously believed would best promote the welfare of the people. He regretted, indeed, that the Council should bo thus hurried to a conclusion ; he could have wished that the decision of this important question had been deferred at least until thc next session. (Hear, hear.) It was one of paramount importance ; it was not right i that thc public mind should bo hurried upon it. True, there were before tho House a vast number of signatures against the introduction of the system ; much larger, he believed, than those that were in favour of it ; but he must confess his fears, while giving every respect that was due to those who had been mainly instrumental in getting up these petitions, giving them every credit for their sincerity, he must confess, he said, that he feared that these petitions had been got up at a time when the minds of the publie wore labouring under such excitement on tho subject, that they could not calmly consider it, that they were not in a state to come to a well, founded conclusion upon it. He doubted much if the largo majority of those who had signed these petitions had ever heard or read the arguments which had been urged for or against the system, or were acquainted a with any of the facts connected with it ; and notwithstanding what had been said by the honorable member opposite (Mr. Lamb) as to j: the value of the opinions of marksmen and ser- I i vants on such a question, he denied that.any j ( man or woman was in a state to givo a com- j t petent opinion on such, or indeed on any que»- j ¿ tion.vho lind not previously procured oren Îpossible information on thc subject, who hud not r;*f iccomaocqunintod with every ihet bearing upon { it. For these reasons bowns not disposed tout, tach much importance to tho number ot signa, turcs which he otherwise should, ll» accused to one of having used improper means in procaring them-far from him the idea of imputing such blame to any. Hut tho public mind vis too much excited i they had acted undo in excitement; and thc Council should bc cautions . in proceeding in reference to thc potitfoa, I With respect to tho arguments of those ulm ' maintained that tho Irish system wasngwd one, they were homo out by those who mw strenuously opposed its introduction herc. It was admitted that it was peculinrly fitted fir Ireland ; Dr. Folding himself admitted t¿, And if the system were fitted for Ireland, tho, ho (Mr. Uland) must contend that lt was min * imperatively called for here. If, hereaftci- ' when thc country became moTO densely jiopv . ( lated-the denominational system could bc it, 'J traduced with advantage, bo it so ; but this wsi ' not the time to establish it. Lord Stanley's sys. I tcmwoslessebjcctionoblethononyothergeiioral I system that had been proposed ; »nd if it had benefited Ireland, far greater must be the beac, j fits which it would confer on this colony, where/ the population was so much moro scattered, so much more divided, than in Ireland ; this system s was tho only one which was now applicable f the rural districts of the colony ; and if, after ai the denominational system was the best, tia colony wns not in a flt state to receive it. Un«, der all circumstances, however, he should be' prepared to support the proposition last made, i namely, to continue aid to those schools which M wore already established. (Hear, hear.) It M would pain him much, and indeed it was this m consideration which had made ltira hesitnt< M i in coming to a conclusion on the msttcr-i m ' would pain him much, to force upon th H people a system in which those wh ? were entitled to our highest respect could r. fm agree, those venerable clergymen who hau« for years been labouring in their denomina tional schools to impart valuable instruction to the children of thc colony, and not without good effect. Ile should be glad, therefore, if the Council could resolve upon some pinn bj which, while provision was made for thc inttc duction of thc system which li» must maintun was likely to proYO most extensively beneficial, the schools now in existence might bc allowed to remain intact. Mr. DARVALL (nominee) said, that lie rose to express his opinions on this question uoder a full sense of its importance; indeed so important did he considcrit, that he thought it was the duty of every member of the 1 louse carefully mid con. scienlioiuly to consider the grounds which de- termined that vote; and that iniceordinghisvotc he should also stale the reasons which led him to give it in the way"in which he did. It did appear to him that the advocates of the change now proposed in the system of cducntion m this colony should hesitate to urge such change unless they were »blo to make out a clear case that tho system it was proposed to introduce had answered well where it had been slrcady tried ; that it was especially applicable to the circumstances of this colony, and therefore likely to answer well here also. It was not deal ing fairly by that system which had already been in operation in the colony for some yean, to place on the same footing with it a system which was altogether new-nt present merely theoretical. Tho information vrhiclr was before the House as to thc success or other- wise of tho system in Ireland was so unsatis- factory, that thc Council would not bc warranted in coming to n conclusion upon it. Such suc- cess os had attended it might indeed suit the views of those who had introduced it into Ireland, but there was nothing in that succeii to induce thc opponents of the mensure lo withdraw their opposition ; nor could it be said, that because a particular system had answered well in Ireland, that it would answer well here. In Ireland, the whole population stone extreme, were of one religious denomination ot the other extreme, of another denomination; there was nothing, therefore, to prevent a uniform system of education : for thc one de- nomination would not interfere with the other. Hut hero, a nonulation snrcad over, it ? was true, a very large extent of country, W ' was divided into numerous dénominations ; ?? '. aml.if it w'ore attempted tn introduco>&u;àvi % i system, all would, every where, be brought into /' ;j > collision. It might well sui» tho purposes of ;] t those who int "xh ced tho system into Ireland fi f that tho minds of the people might, so far ai | , religion was oonccrned, be left a perfect blank, j f in order that afterwards their minds might bs I ' pieparcd to receive any religious impression! 1 J which the expediency of those in power might J J require. This might have done for Ireland ; j r but no system of education could bo ns6onted i 1 to by him, and by those who joined with him in ;> ? thc tenets he professed, in which religion WM ¡T i not the basis of that education-thc comer j; J stone-religion in one form or another. And 1 as he justified himself, so ho would justify every J \- sect, every denomination, in standing up and ? offering a determined, an unflinching op- 'j » position to any system from which 6uch ;| >' religious instruction was to be excluded, i : or made a secondary-an unimportant-consi 3 deration. Those who proposed the introduction i of this system, were asking the largest sect of i thc Christian community in the coloay, that ; sect to which the Hoad of the Empire must by : law belong, to put itself on a Uvel with all the : smaller sects or denominations which had ; ! sprung up. They called upon them to Burren i der that which their forefathers had clung to, ! and this without any reason shown for the ¡ concession. He had listened attentively to the . reasons which had been given for the change : : they were, expediency and finance ; but neither r tho one nor the other would ever make him : . swerve from that which he considered of vital, i< of eternal importance, or to concur in the in- , 3 . troduction of a system in which nil that he | ? had been taught to believe was essential to ; . eternal welfare was designedly omitted. The ? Council were told that this Irish System would i prove economical-and economical it might bc ¡ but the question which the Council now had to consider was not, Should it economise thepub Ho funds?-but, Should it educate the peoplo! Should it do that which would mnke thc na- tion more wise, more virtuous than it was or had been ? He had perused the Report of the Select Committee of tho Council with attention j and with disappointment. It was not for him í to condemn tho lleport of that Committee ; bu^ 'it did appear to him that it was drawn up in a . tone of self-complacency, rather than impar- tiality j that the arguments, which did not at all times bear thc appearance of sincerity, weri rather urged with a determination, if possible,to introducea new scheme upon the public, than to take a fair and impartial review ofthe evidence which had be»n given before the Committee. The Committee, in their Report, had wholly failed as far as thc representation of the wishes of the public was concerned, and evinced rather a spirit, as ho had before said, of overweening self-complacency, than of an honest r.eal to as- certain and to recommend that system which would be most conducive to the welfare of the j colony-** most suited to thc wants and wishes of the community." While thus alluding to ; the Report of the Committee, he would call the , attention of thc Council to a few of thc pas- sages which it contained, and he would first alludo to a passage in the tirst paragraph of the Report, which was this-" While your Committee admit that this deficient state of education is partly attributable to the ignorance, dissolute habits, and avarice of too many of tho parents, and partly to thc want of good schoolmasters, and school books, ; they fool bound to express their conviction that a far greater portion of the evil has arisen from tho strictly denominational character of ? tho public schools." Here then, thc Commit- ; tee cast a cciuure, thc widest as thc most unde- served, on the denominational schools-schools which, all must be aware who would examine the subject, had conferred thc most importan» benefits on thc community ¡ and this too, while that same Committee admitted in tho «»me sentence, that much was attributable to^tho "ignorance, dissolute habits, and avarice ol parents. It was not ingenuous, at hast, to at- j tempt to fix tho blame on the system which j the Committee themselves were compelled to admit was attributable to the vices of the parents. It was not ingenuous to attribute the evils to tho system now in operation ; it wai ( presumptuous to assume that this new system ¡ would bo attended with different results, lae : Coinmittc« stated as their " first great objectioa , to the denominational system"-its expenso, but surely there were higher considération» : thu that* i Had it ever boon heard that the poor refused education, because tt WM expen- sive to the State î Was expense to bo considered '-when'thc temporal nnd eternal welfare of a na- tion wm? at stake î lie would admit that, «tieri* paribiu, when systems nlikc presented tho same advantages, wore equally frrc froru conscientious \- objections, thin tho question of expense might bo allowed to have «orno weight ; but' ho: would fling ¡t altogether out of ? the question -when considerations of so much \- im portan co . wera involved as herc, when ! the- Council was .asked to guido its dcci ; ¿on from reasons of expense. "WUK . ros- ! peet to Sydney and the largo towns, it WM ! admitted by all the witnesses examined by thc ~ Committee, that the denominational schools ¡ might be advantageously continued ; but tho I . Committee did not think proper to doom such recommendation worthy of attention-they had I ' slurred it over by saying that there wu a sug- | gestion of the sort. It would have been moro | in character, if th» Committee bad Intended that their'Report should bo fair and impartial, to have set.out folly a statement of the opinion of the public as collected from thc witnesses whom they did examine. But the object off the 'Committee appeared to him to havel been, to get rid of ono system, and to intro-! duce, another ; and for this purpose thcyl had employed all possible means. Tho! enquiry of the Committee hod not been* . that impartial enquiry which it ought to have been. To return-thc Committee said, "The keystone of thc system is n Board composed of men of high personal character, professing different religions. This Board exer- cise* a complete control over the schools ci cc tod under its auspices, or which, having been al- ready established, place themselves under its management, and receive its assistance." And ? then follow the rules, the first of which wai that-" The ordinary school business, during which all children of whatever denomination they be ara required to attend, and which is expected to embrace a competent number of hours in each day, is to consist exclusively in instruction in those branches which belong to a moral and literary education." "Without religion he wu indeed at a loss to know what could bo meant by 44 moral" education ; if there was to bo monti education, if there ' could be any, it ought and must be founded on the highest basis of morality,-religion, the -Holy .Scriptures thomsclvcs. But the rule went on-" Such extracts from Scripture as ara prepared under - thc sanction of tho Board : moy bo used, and arc earnestly recommended: by tho Board to bo used, during ' those hours allotted to thc ordinary school business.',' Extracts I Ordinary business ! t Yes/it was indeed ordinary business when $laced in iuxto-position with the study of tho libia itself. And hero ho would pause : huro he'found sufficient reason to condemn tho whole system. Here he, and those who pro ftued'tho samo tenet» as those in which ho had been brought up -Iteré they were asked to ? renounce.' that to which their forefathers for ages past had clung ; thal to preserve which ? oceans of blood had Uowed. lt was to be dic- tated to'-thcir children that they should not \- read thc Bible which their forefathers had read; it was calling upon tho largest portion of tho religious community of thc colony to renounce' their religion-to give up that point in bot which, was thc chief point of contest between the two largest portions of tho Christian Church. Why, he asked, should ho concedo this point? Why should he bc called upon to surrender this, more than any other portion of his birthright; this, whiohfrom infancy upward he had been taught to sling to--never to yield î He must and would still condemn, any system of education unless the Bible, andi thc whole Bible, was thc basis of the system ; it was -tho best, the only suro basis that could bc-relied upon. But the Committee ?ought ' ' to got over this difficulty, and how did-they proposo to do so ? So for ss he could judge, bv plunging into one of far \- greater difficulty. This was tue recommenda- tion of tho Committee : " One day at least in each week (independently of tho Sunday) is to be set apart for tho religious instruction of thc children, on which day sueh pastors or other persons M are approved of by tho parents or ' guardians' of the children sholl have' access, to them for that purpose, whether those pastors have signed tho original application or not. \- So then Pagans might have access to tho chil- dren in the schools, provided that tho parents, OT the guardians of the children approved them': » Paito» or other persons" of every denomi- nation, of every faith, might have ready access-. no preference waa-given to any ; nay, so large and liberal were tho views af the Cornmftlc-v, that' they would not restriet the permission to " pastors" -but " other persons ' wero to bo admitted also ; having reference doubt cedo to each denomination that system cf education which it deemed best for its children ¡ but it was calling uporf him to yield too much, when-it wu asked pf him to deprive his child-for he spoke u though his children too should receive any benefits which might bo derived 'from any system which might be «Uolished-lt was demanding' too much, ho .said, tb ask him'to deprive hts child of thoso \- ritmen ts of Christian faith which were to be found in the Bible alone. To him it was in- dispensable that the Holy Bible should form the ? basis - of education ',-to no other system could hfl consent. Extracts were to be read md the Board recommended that they should be used;- but if there wu not virtue in the Bible itself, ho feared that but little virtue would be fourtd in those extracts. Asothër rule was-"The reading of tho 'Scriptures, cither in tho authorised or Douay Terrica, is regarded as a religious exercise, and u'such is to be confined to those times which th sst sport for religious instruction ; the simo regulation'is. also to bo observed respecting priver." Now ho would ask, if it were'at- tempted to'bring out such a system, what adieu inconvenience must ensue in any plsce where there was a school such os proposed, the children of various "denominations, tho school itself - of limited - capacity, consisting Ships of a singlo room î When tho religious tractors came, , whloh denomination was to like precedence? "What hour was to bo fixed far each Î Under whose control ? One day in Ü» week wu set aside-a scrap, a paltry porcel tu of rime that should bo devoted to ono great object ; but this port of the question would not bar investigation. It wu evident from tho. tone of' the Ke port that the Committee had ?together overlooked Ute importance of reli-J etea, ar ff they had not, they had so enc um-1 aired it with difficulties that it would bo im-l Possible to give religious instruction at all. I lac Committee went on to quote authorities to' Ifctify themselves against the charge ot neglcct B| the Scriptures in such schools. If, indeed, the Committee, had said It was unjust to charge 4m with prohibiting all teaching of religion ia lose schools, thoy migh t have some reason ; bat hs did not conceive it possible that any ?ptain could be devised in which "neglect' ' wu .odeaily evinced.' One day in the week wu ts be devoted to tho teaching of religion-one ^»oa which'the ?"parents or other persons" right scrinible together for preccdonco, in a .ttancrmoat indecorous perhaps, tending to any. IiMag but the advancement of religion ¡ or theyi akSt go hammering on together, not for the) rf^tion .of the children, out rather to the; -JOJadal of religion, to tho demoralization oil then whose teaching.wu .entrusted to them..If tay doubted this, let him seriously uk himself pf what religion ho could possibly be, after hav- ing undergone such , religious training u wu Reposed m this Irish system î He had said «fort, that this Bepoxt appeared to him to bs tn** op ratho in a tone of self-complacency Utan of zeal lox tho real'interest*'of the people ; ..jd.hero woe:another instance: Tho Com *ÍUee congratulo ted themselves that, fit hu "¡ea the good fortune of this system'to disarm °*ay opponents, and to convert them into advo c&s.;": -And .¿ley discovered (at pago 05) J&ae; Illustrious convert to the system, who in .winer days had taught, and probably preached, jfiùist iU But this assertion, instead of lead n^'him tO'beliovo in tho merita of the system, .Jther, he-regretted to . say, induced a belief *h*t thou who formerly opposed and now advo innerstem,-, were not then sincero and BBsjcientious opponents, nor now sincere and {«wíennous advocates. ? -He could givo but «de value to tho pretended - opinion of that "".»tyrho..vould,so change in a matter so ..dy touching his conscience u this ; a mat-. ta>..oisuch vital,.eternal importance, that on it tau should make up bis mind oaco-and fox .TU. Then might indeed b« muna oí oxpe- I dienoy why ono conrso of policy might bo pre- ferable Kt one time, which should bo rejected at nnothcr ; but it was not in a matter of eduea* j lion-of religion rather- that expediency could j bo allowed to interioro. Thc Committee kindly j " Tho ftchool books have been compiled tho moat admirable care and judgment, | and will save much trouble to thoso in whoso hands tho management.of tho system shall bo appointed to thc Hoard, if auch a Boord v erected, wouldnced such a sop as this to induco | thom to perform their duties. If men did ,un dcrtnko thc task honestly rind sincerely, with an intention to perform the duty they undertook, I they would not fail to use every exertion ithegrcat object whicb\rûâ had in view. I . . t paragraph of tho Report contained a repetition of expressions of pationagc, .which showed that the Committee were' sincere in ¡ their advocacy of the system, and that they ¡ desired to imbue others with the opinions which ; they expressed, nni for this purpose they hod been at tho pains of providing in an Appendix, "tho amplest information in their power." In tho next paragraph in the Report : '* Your Committee also trust that that part of th« Pro- testant community which would iwwo preferred thc british and Foreign System mil appreciate tho spirit of fairness and impartiality to all par- ties which has actuated them in their present recommendation, and will rather join m [ro- weling a scheme which falls short of their wishes, than throw obstacles in thc way of thc I only practical schemo of general instruction." He would merely observe, that if the ! objections which ho hrttL already urged 1 were well founded, such abjections would not bo got over by an entreaty such as this ; and no party ought, or, as he felt con- vinced, would yield to it. He had already, ho J felt, trespassed too lons upon thc patience af j [ thc House ; hut ho had felt it his duty to state I I what were his conscientious objections to tho system-objections which were of a nature not silv to bo overcome. His earnest wish was give education to all ; but he would hnvc I religious liberty also. He would fcttcr.no ' i opinions, nor would he have his opinions of religious instruction which liad I been given in the Bible for all tho world. 1 Mr. WINDEYER (member for Durham) I said, that it wos-his misfortune that ho could, acree with the original motion, or with the ndtnent, which thc honorable member for I Cumberland had given notica af his intention ta e. He did not deem it necessary to enter ll into a discussion os to tho importance of I' education, nor did he deem it necessary to bitter into tho various subjects which had beon im- ported into tho Report of the Select Committee, nnd into the Evidence which hud been taken before ic : for he must of course suppose thnt every member had made himself well ac- quainted with that Report, and thc contents of tuc Appendix, and had formed an opinion upon them. Ho should, therefore, confluo himself to restatement of that which, in his opinion, thc Council was now bound to do ; and of his reasons for dissenting both from the original proposition and from tho .amend- ment which was to be proposed, to it; and then he would submit to thc House a pro- position which he thought would go nearer' than either to effect the object in view. He., would at once admit, however, that he was in favour of a general system of education ; but ho did not think that at present it would be possible to carry it into effect to thc full extent proposed. It should, in his opinion, be the object and aim of tho State - to 'educate ita children so os to bring them within the pale of i citizenship ; so to cducato them as that they might become good and moral subjects ; not I make them all classical scholars, or professors of mathematics, but to place in their hands tho keys of knowledge, leaving it to oppor- tunity and to their own industry and diligence to nuke a further progress. The State was bound to opon the door of knowledge to all her subjects whom she proposed afterwards to punish for erring, tho effects of a want of knowledge; and he felt also that reli- gious principles ought to be the basis of the education which the State afforded. It was' not agreed, however, what were the religious principles on which such education should be based. Indeed he feared that no number—nay, not any two persons-would bo found, who would agree exactly as to what should be the principles upon which such education should be founded. The ferment which prevailed at this moment in this colony-the ferment which had prevailed on the same subject in the mother country--showed how difficult it was to re- concile any large body of men to any parti- cular act of doctrines upon which a sys- tem of education for the people should be based. He thought that any .attempt at forcing a system must fail ; and the proposition contained in thc resolutions did imply a compulsion which would naturally excite -resistance; and more' than this, without going the length of the ho- norable member who had last spoken, and sup- posing that ministers of all religions would be, as he said, hammering away together, at one and tho same time, he did think, that the com- pelling children to receive each a particular, dose, on a particular day of the week, of reli- gious instruction, from the minister of the 'particular denomination to which tho child's parents might belong, would in all probability cad to scenes unseemly-scenes which would tend to dishonour religion in thc eyes of chil- dren, rather than to impress them willi any idea of its importance to their welfare here and hereafter. The pro posal that certain of tho children should withdraw during a certain portion of the day, while others of their school-fellows were re ceiving religious instruction, after the manner of their teachers, was likely to lend to anything but that Christian charity which was contended for ; rather, he fcarod, it would convert each school into a school of polemics. This was indeed the chief defect in Lord Stanley's sys- tem, and it was this defect, he doubted not, which had given rise to all the opposition which had been offered to it. All tho witnesses who had been examined appeared to dread sending their children to a school where a priest of another denomination might, by possibility, have access to their children. It was' no sa tisfaction to them, they said, to know that their children might come away if they chose ; the children might not come away their minds, as they feared, might become corrupted- and therefore thor would not allow them to attend the schools at all. Ho alluded particularly. to tho evidence of Kt. Allen, and to'that of thc Rev. Mr. Mansfield, who, OL.it was generally known, entertained strong religious opinions. If, thoy enid, wo arel) to have a general system, thc clergy must' altogether bo excluded from it. And ho found j that Protestant Episcopalians, and Raman j Catholics, and other denominations, entertained I the samo opinions. If s general system was j established, the clergy should have nothing to j do with it. Lot tho children, they said, coma ' to our churches, our chapels, our Sunday schools, for religious instruction ; lat us teach them in them, and at their awn homes ; but lot ibero bo no meddling with religion in tho schools. The clergy of all denominations, ho believed, à would rather tolerate a systemtof. exclusively! secular education. Tho question next arose," was thoro an absoluto necessity to havo a gene- ral system at all? Ho confessed that, os he had before said, ha should prefer a general sys- tem ; he believed that tho best education would be afforded undera general system. Ruthe! did not think that tho quos tl an here was, Whatl was tho best system î but, What was tho most! ¡practicable system? Tho Council could not' Îlièrent tho majority of the peoplo of thc co- ony from saying, " Wo will not have this sys- tem." Thc Council might establish the system, they might voto funds for its support ; but the children would not go to the schools: and whether this arose from ignorance on thc part of parents, or from any other causo, it mattered . not if the children would not go to tho schools. Such was tho effect of introducing a system in Van Diem cn's Land : tho system ,was established, but the schools wcro ompty 1 .itch would be the offect in tho mother country at this moment, but that thoro wore thoso rival religionists .who insisted on their various sys- tems. Seeing, then, that wo could not have tho. general system, it woe tho duty of tho Stato. to provide the moons of education in the way .tho. people .wished ; and loonor than waste money on empty schools, ho would adopt »mo plan by which thoio who still adhered to tho denominational might receive their portion of support. He would moko tho concession to. tho .doupmi; nationalists when they Vero so strong that they could demand it ; and on the other hand, thc dcneminationolists, where they were weak, would gladly avail themselves of tho opportu niucs of education afforded hy tho general system. Why indccd should tho Council seekl now to disturb those denominational schools which had been so long established î Hnd they brought forth no good fruits i Rather, ho would say, that thc denominational system had pro- duced some good «nd valuable citirons ; wit-, ness tlic specimens whom ho saw around ham, occupying seats m this Council.- All, ho imagined were brought up under some deno- minational system or other. True, that a general system might, give on education which might bo said to belong moro properly to tho State; but he must maintain that thc.denoml national system had produced good effects; and he would not wish, to gratify any whim of his own, to force upon the community a system so impracticable OB that which he deemed thc system recommended in tho Committee's Re- port to bc. No matter how good the system might bc, they could not work it. If, indeed, it were a law for tho pence, good government, and welfare of tho people-a law which, for tlie public good, tho Council might enforce by pains and penalties - and such a law as, being capable of being so en- forced, he was convinced -was for the public good-then he would say, pass it, and compel them to obey it, however some might petition against or oppose it. But thia was a matter which was different from all others : tho Coun- cil might indeed pass a law, but they would have no. power to enforce it; they might ostab-. lull a system, but it would be a nullity. He behoved thot tho effect of education, whether secured under adcnominaliohalsystcm.orothcr wisc, would in tho end facilitate the establish- ment cf the general system; in proof of this, he need only observe, that hero.honorablo mem- bers, all brought up under one denomin tional system or nnothcr, were, the greater portion of them, agreed as to tho advantages to bc derived.from n general system, and were ready to join in its introduction. Triic, that some of his honorable friends, enlightened members of tho Church of England, would have a Church of England system, and nothing else ; but they would Und in the long run that the education that they themselves wore giving would open tho eyes of tho mosses, would teach them the proper value of thc trifles about which men were now cutting each others',, throats. "¡Therefore, with certain conditions' as to tho number of children, he would give support to schools, whether they used tho Bible or not, tho outhoriscd vor sion or any . other; version, ' Testament 01 no Testament; whether they made it a text- book for daily usc, or used it in any other way : he would lcavo thc schools to deal with it os those who conducted them thought best ; but ha would not IUITO Lord Stanley's system of priesta" visits once a week ; neither would ho hovo the proposition of his honorable friend tho member for Cumberland : for although he would not say that it was intended-although it did not appear on the face of the proposition] -yet if carried into effect thc end would be that tho whole system must become a Church ol England system ; it would end in tho minorities all ovor thc colony,-tho other denoinina-l i lions,-being placed under subjection to ¡! one Church, thc Church of England. (Hear.) I Such a system, if carried out, however gratify j ing it might be to tho religious prejudices of f some, would in effect bo a tyranny of thc ma- jority,-and this mustbs overthrown at the out- set. He would proposo then, that every deno-v mination should liavo rm equal claim and right of osiistanco_ from the State, riot only for schools now in existence, but for schools olio hereafter to bo established, whenever .they! could satisfy thc conditions as to thc numb« ofchildrcn to be educated. With respect to thc Report of tho Committee, ho differed entirely from it. ; ho hod stated in Committoo that hs did not agree with it : and, therefore, I with respect to tho first of tho resolutions which went to pledge tho Council to tho opinions therein contained, he proposed in his atnend [ ment to strike it out altogether. The seeond resolution proposed would also share thc same fate. Instead of tho third resolution which appeared on the paper, he would proi-asc the following :-" That in the opinion of this House iris desirable to introduce a general system of education into this colony, by which tlio chil- dren of the poorer classes maybe taught, gra- tuitously if necessary, readina, writimr. and arithmetic, and such religious exercises and principles as the ¡parents of thc children may unanimously require : provided that no aid shall bo given by the Government to any school which shall not bo required by the parents or . guardians of at least fifty children between thc i ages of two and fourteen years attending such ? school." Such a plan as this would preserve i to children of all denominations schools in whioh education was; imparted in such a system os their parents wore o greed upon. Protestants would still bo able to preserve their schools, and Roman Catholics theirs ; and in addition to this, whenever in virtue ! of their numbers they eould sub , stontiate a claim for additional schools, that L aid would be given to them. This system, however, would only be applicable to towns or populous districts : for although in a few places fifty children of ono denomination might bo as ' ecmblcd in a school, yet in thc majority of in- stances there- would bo found some fifteen of Protestant Episcopalians, ten or a dozen of Roman Catholics, and six or eight of other dc-i nominations, fend to thc case of luch thc general] system could only be applied. To meet such] ease then, he would propose thc following rcso-f lution, as nnotheramendmont:-"ThottoineetJ the wants of such parts of thecountiyos may; not be ablo lo comply willi the conditions of the! preceding resolution, Lord Stanley's system of National Education bo adopted, with tho modi- fication, thnt instead of the clergy and pastors of thc several denominations being allowed to im-j part religious instruction in the schools/' thc children bc allowed to bo absent front school on every Saturday, for the purpose] of receiving such instruction elsewhere/' Tho proposal to apply ono general system ol education to che whole country, in its present state, ho looked upon as just as absurd as to attempt to force upon the colony a general system of municipal institutions. Different portions of the colony required disTurcnt sys- tems ; the rural districts must bc provided for differently from thc towns. It hau been urged that if such a system as bc proposed were in- troduced, the denominational system would, as tho country became more densely populated, swallow up tho gcnoral system ; but tho result, he imagined, would depend upon the respective merits pf tho systems : and if the deno- minational system proved superior to ' the general system, after a fair trial had been given to tho letter, why, ha would ask, should not the denominational system bo adopted? His impression was, that the ri valry, thc emu- lation which would bc .excited between the supporters of the two systems, would ba pro- ductive of the most beneficial effects ; each would endeavour to bring children to tho highest posslblo state, of advancement ;-and whatever system after a fair trial and compari- son was found to bo tho best ; whichever sys- tem instilled into tho minds of children tho best and soundest knowledge; whichever system produced tho best citizens, that system ho should bo prepared to receive, and cordially to adopt. Our laws ara not os tho laws of tho Modes aud Porsions; but it was tho duty of the Legislature to adapt thc laws to tho »late of tho country. Tho attempt to force such a system as now pro- posed would, ho foarod, have tho effect of stirring up .pride, and other feelings, in the minds of religionists, which it wore moro prudent to allay ; at tho samo time, thcro wera proper feelings also,'which such an attempt would rouse.-a determined resistance to have forced upon them by law a system ta which \- thoy could not conscientiously ogreo. When ho differed in Comtnittco from tho Report which had been adopted, and which was now under consideration, ne had foretold'that these consequences would necessarily a riso. Th« Committee, as would appear from their Report« instead of managing the prejudices and dispo-l sillona elmon, would wish to ride rough-shodl over all. But those whom they had to deal} with wore not stocks and stones-they wore not mero chess-mon to bo moved nbout at pleasure so as to secure tho gamo the player sought ¡ it would bo vain for tho logUlaturo to say, " You shall hare auch« system of education," I ifthgpeoplcaoJd "Wewillnothftvoit" Equally useless waa ittopointto thoilgnatuzes of women ¡ to the.names-of marksmen, and to.B,-iy-bccauao these, arc ignorant, they ero to' bo unheeded : for In proportion as thoy were ignorant .would I they ba violent in their opposition to a system which wu attempted to be ferr-cd upon thom ; their zeal wouldb* thcraaroYioIentbccause thoy did not understand it ; wiso mon wero novel I violent on such -'occasions ; but thc ignorant of , both parties would bc. Kb would not, how I over, «tributo ignorance- or violence to all who I had opposed the introduction of the general system; he ,gnvo. to tho .clergy who .had opposed it, every credit . for ,conscicntipus I conviction that . their views were correct, j that thc system was riot. such., as thoy i could in their duty assent to ; nor wu ho prc I pared to violate tho feelings.of eny.'jman be- cause he thought th st that system Voa not tho beat which that man might feel himself bound in principle to oppose. As a third resolution, he proposed that thc second, . as proposed, should stand with some alteration, and it would read thus-"That it is "advisable to in- troduce Lord Stanley's System of National j Education, io modified, into this colony." The ¡ fourth resolution he would of- course striko out ol togo thor. Ho would naw-.detain tho Council i no longer. Ho had no doubt honorablo mem.-' ben had already given a full consideration to tho subject, and that nothing which ho could add would increase its importance in their estimation. Ho would, therefore, now beg leave to propose tho amendment, which he had . Mr. LITHGOW (official member) seconded thc amendment- ] Mr. BE RUY (nominoo) said, that ho foti called upon to offer his uiost decided opposition to tho motion now before tito House, which hod been proposed by the honorablo member fur Melbourne. What, ho would oak. tho hono- rablo member, did.he- think that this Council was herc assembled (orr Would tho honora- ble member cnaet the part of a minister ol Prussia, or would he have this a ' Council to cany into effect an ukase -of thc autocrat ol Russiaî How els o could the honorablo member think of enforcing a system to which threc fourtlis, at Least, of the people af the colony wore determinedly opposed ? Did tho hono- rable mover of these resolutions think that thc pcoplo of this colony were n mote machine that they.had no will of their pwn-r-that thej wero to bo guidod, and to bo moulded, to adapl themselves to thc system of a Stanley, or tc any other system that theorists might propose! Would he foi co the people cf this colony U educate their children in a way to which, thal people woio utterly opposed? And thal thoy wero BO was clear, from tho fact, timi there was now before thc House petition! signed by upwards of 20,000 pcoplo ngnins tho system ; end from tho fact, cquall" well known, that there were other petitions, an I numerously signed, to bc presented against it ' Far lumsclf, he admitted ho had yet doubts a to whether this general system would not bi I tho best for thc colony ; but why should it b I forced upon an unwilling people î Why shouli 1 this Council, meeting as it did, only in a scconi I session, attempt such an act of tyranny: X>k< ' thc honorable member think that tho people wer I made for this Caancii to deal willi them os the; pleased, to toss them herc and there, to dictnt to them in matters which wero to them of vita consequence ï Rather, he would ask, was nc this Council constituted for thc pcoplo ? Wa it not their duty, their important privilege, t watch over that people, to seek out that.whie! would bc most conducive to their welfare, t do that which, still keeping in view tho. wei ihre of the people, would he most in accordant with their wishes r If the pcoplo wei willing to agree to such a scheme as the now proposed, then thc scheme migti bo wrought ; but thc people were almost unani mously opposed to it-it could not bewrough and thc Council had no right ta farce it on tli people in face of tho decided remonstranci which therpooplc had made. If the Counc did pass a Bill ta introduce such a system, they determined to adopt tho system iccon mended by tho Committee, they would bc stu tifying themselves,-it would never work ; tl people would not receive it. It had been BA: that if Sir Richard Bourke hod not been r moved from tho Government of this colony, th system would ere thia b^vo prevailed, and wgu have prospered. When .Sir Richard Bouri proposed his system, ho (Mr. Berry) voted favour of it, (hear, hear)" ; but ho wai not Un in possession of thc same amount of informât!» 'oh tho.subject os he now was ; he had voted favour of it because ha was under the convi tion that tho system had worked well in Ii land.. Of this ho was not now so well assure But whatever tho fate af thc system in Irelan hefeltassurcdthatin this country it could not wrought. As a member of this Council, he felt his duty to study tho will, the wishes, of thc pc pie ; and he would never consent tliat, on important, so vital a question as this, their i monstrances should bo allowed to poss u heeded. He should oppose tho introduction I a general system in any shape whatever; a to bring thc question to a close, ho would nt I move thc previous question. ""Dr, LANG (member for Port Phillip) said : Mr. Speaker, after the long and ample i discussion which thu vexed question une already undergone, in all quarters, through I out tho colony, I tliink it may fairly bc pre- sumed that orcry member of this House has fully made up his mind as to tho main prinaiple , which this question involve* : X mean, os tu , whether ho will support tho General or the i Denominational System. It would therefore 1 imply an overweening opinion of my own powers of persuasion in the ease, if I supposed, as I certainly do not, that anything I eau say I on the subject at this late hour of tho dny I would have much effect in influencing the votes, i On tho contrary, I am strongly of opinion that if wo were to sit hero for .1 fortnight, DchtMfiUag In high debat«, ?wludi of tho two to ehe*** I tho ? encrai or the Denominational System, we should come to exactly thc same conclusion oj wo would have done If thc vote had been taken before a single worn had been spoken, either for the resolutions . or against them. What then, may be asked, is thc utility of this public debate on tho subject at all ? Why, I answer, honorable mombers of this House havo some- thing else to do hero than merely to infiuenco each others' votes on any great public question of universal concernment like the present. Tiley have to sot themselves right with thc colony as to tho particular course they may in- dividually deem it their duty ta society to pursue ; especially if their own conduct in this matter, as is unquestionably tho ease in various instances in relation to tho present question, hos been the subject of a frequent, gross, and I will add, wilful misrepresentation. In par- ticular, it appears to mc to bo both expedient and necessary, that those hóaarablo members who have either taken part in tho labours of the Select Committee appointed to onquire into tho genoral subject of education, or aro pre- pared to support tho resolutions which that Committee hove put forward, should at least attempt to satisfy their fellow-colonists that1 they have been honestly endeavouring to pro- ! mote Ute best interests of their adopted country, -and that in supporting these resolutions they I have not been actuated, as they arc so goncrally accused af being, by a spirit of indifference to« wards thc moral and religious welfare of thoir fcllow-mcn, much less by a spirit of irreligión and infidelity, but by a high and reverential regard for our common Christianity, and a sincere desire ta deal out impartial justice to every section of thia eommunity. It là a mnttor of question with some persons, at least in tho mother country, whether it is tho duty of tho Stnto to interioro, in the way of making a public provision for tho education of the people at all. This is a question, however, which it appears to mc may bo very cosily solved, by rcforring on thc one - hand to thc statistics ot' crime in tho mother' country, and on tho other to tho popular nature of our poli- tical institutions. I find then, from tho British Almanac for 1842, a work of first-rate autho- rity in statistics, that tho proportion of crimi- nals in tho three following states of Ignorance iii education respectively, throughout England and Wales for a goad many ycars.nrovUjue, had beon ta'follow» : TJnablo to road er writo .33i por cent Head and writo Imperfectly.66} ditto. Read nnd" writo well.8 1-6 ditto. Having had instruction at all supe- rior to maro' reading and writing' , ', , .'.\\\\.i or 1 In 800, From the itato of things which thcso statistic« exhibit, it will obviously bc unnecessary to dc .termino, to-intcrfcro for the education of tho 'pcople. THo case is one of absolute necessity,-and ne- cessity is tho strongest of all right* or law«'. Thc great law of self-preservation renders it Imperatively necessary for the State to inter- fere for thc education of thc people, by provid- ing some suitable ' raachinory for the purpose. For if it docs not, tho probability is, that nfl tito vico and crime that aro tho natural result'of ig- norance will bo entailed on thc community, with, all the vast expenditure for police and gaols and judicial establishments under which this unfortunate colony'at present groans. For although I ara not prepared to go the whole length with my honorable'friend, thc member for ? Melbourne, in rsscriing that thc wont of education is the causo of ell tho crimi- nality that oxista in tho community, I am quite'williog to go a great part of the way with bini: for os.education, in all Chriatian'countries with which I om acquainted, implies .^certain amount of moral and religious culture,' it is evi- dent that the want of this culture, which the brutish ignorance of so large a portion of tho criminals of tho mother country implies, is the fruitful, although perhaps not the exclusive, source of this vice and crime. Independtnlly, however, of all those consideratioea tliatorefoun dedon'tho cost of crime to tho country in which it prevails, how, lask, con the S tatojustly punish suoh criminals if it has not pr jvîdcâ adequate means for their instruction ï Again, our sys- tem of government is essentially popular; andi maintain, that under those Anglo-Saxon insti- tutions which we were hearing so eloquently described yesterday evening, thc political fran- chise was the birthright of every free man ; thc frank-pledge being merely thc pledge of thc frcomnn to society.- And'conceiving, asl do, that that franchise should bc extended far be- yond its present comparatively narrow limits, I maintain that it is the duty of the State, on the principle of self- preservation, to sec that it Sets into proper hands-not by penal laws to isfranchiso whole classes of thc community, but bv fliting even tho lowest class for thc due .exercise of tho franchise by mciins of educa- tion. Our political institutions, our civil and religious liberties, arc not safe otherwise 'IP it should over bc denied,' therefore, that tho State hos n right, a priori, to inter- fere in any way -for tho education of thc pcoplo; it is evident that it lins such a right, a posteriori, under thc great law of self-preservation, in view of tho fatal effects of brutish ignorance on the ono hand, and of our popular system of government on the other. I find, however, that ninong the pre- tensions that are put forth by certain parties who have been agitating tho nublic mind against thc general Bystom of education pro- posed by tlie Select Committee of this Houso.t a claim is urged on behalf of n certuiu body off clergy for tile recognition of a right co-| ordinate with that of this House, to dispose oil a portion of the public funds of thc colony] available for education, under the -¡.rotoxt ofj the right of the clergy I olludo to to direct] thc religious education of their own people? The passage I refer to is contained in a pam- phlet ontiiled, .' Notes on thc Ninth Report of tho Commissioners of National Education in Ireland ; showing that thc objections of tho Church Education Society arc not refuted by that Report," and is as follows :-" Th« clergy of the Church of England have a right, which no enactment or repeal of laws can tako from them, to direct religious education : and thia, not because thc Church is established, but be- cause it is n true Catholic and Apostolic Church, nnd its ministers rightly invested with jurisdiction in spiritual tilings. Thc settle- ment of the Crown itself rests upon that ac- knowledgment. It is not true that tho rules of thc Commissioners facilítalo thc perform- ance of that duty hy thc clergy of tho Church of England. On tho contrary, the children of tho Established Church who attend the Na- tional Schools aro, and must be, exposed toi the danger of imbibing insensibly the most! extreme and pernicious opinions in religion jj nor can tile clergy attend them to fulfil to-3 wards them their duty of religious instructors without finding themselves m a situation as unworthy their professional diameter, as it must bc painful ta their feelings,' adversa to their principles, and destructive ot'their'weight and usefulness among their people." This passage, I ocknowledge, ia not particularly clear. . Indeed I do not think it was intended to bc so. It was evidently meant to mystify thc subject ; to throw dust into people's eyes, and under the pretext of a right to direct thc religious education of thc members of their own communion, which nobody denies, to ai scrt on the port of the clergy of the Church of England a right, co-ordinato with that of this' House, to control the expenditure of thc public! funds available for thc purposes of general^ education. Now, I dany that any clergyman, or body of clergy, either has, or can have, aright to control tho expenditure of a single farthing of tho public money, either for education, or for anything else. As far os it is the duty of the State, from the absolute necessity of thc case, to make provision for thc education ? of thc people-for tho prevention of crime I and all its consequences, and for the duo I exercise of the rights of citizenship^-it i has an undoubted right to discharge that duty without being subject to inter- ference from anv (luarler. At thc samo time. iii discharging thin duty, thu State-or in other words, thu (Jouncil-is bound to consult the j feelings and views of tho great body of tho J people, and to expend whatever funds may bo 1 available for thc purposes of education iii tho most officient and econoraienl manner; to make these funds go tho greatest possible length for tho accomplishment of the general object in view; and tosccurc thc accomplishment of that object, to tho greatest possible oxteut. Here then comes thc question as to whether 1 the general or tho denominational system is tobe preferred. Now, Icnnnot help observ- ing that thc very agitation of this question is a \ prima facie argument ngninst tho denomino I tionnl system. For if that system had bci-n found sufficient, or had proved satisfactory, or ! at all calculated to promote thc grand object of universal education, what excuse could there havo been for nil this agitation on tho subject, , after it hud lictm in existence so long . It would 1 then have carriod its own ccrtificuto of character on its own forehead, and no such enquiry as the one instituted by this Council would have been called for, Thcro is, therefore, a prinia facia aaa against this system in tho fact of such an investigation having actually taken place. Hut thcro aro strong positive grounds for ob- jecting against the denominational system, and not suck only as aro merely inferential. I object then to tho denominational system on tho ground "of its entailing a prodigious expense upon Oic colony in proportion to thc amount of benefit secured for tho community.' Thc hon. and'learned member from Castlercagh-strcct (Mr. Darvall) appeared almost to throw ridi- cule oh this ground of objection to tho denomi- national system, saying, " Nwver mind the exponso." Now, it may ba nil .quito very na- tural and iii character for those honorable mern-, hers who como into tho House not by the door af popular clcation, but by some other way, to undervalue nil such considerations as those of the mere expensiveness bf & measure, and to say, Ntver mind the expeme; but with thoso hon. mem- bers who, like myself, occupy a somewhat dif- ferent ground, and havo boen sent herc to hold the purse-strings of tho public and to sec that tho people's money is judiciously and economically expended, I trust that tho consideration of thc expensiveness of any mensuro will ulways ba one of first-rate importance. Tho difficulty and expense of working thc denominational system in this colony unses, I conceive from two causes-from thc vast dispersion of tho popula- tion, and from thc fact that population is broken up into différent denominations in ft way utterly unprecedented in thc mother country, or in- deed in any European country. [A.n honorable member herc observed that a similar dispersion took placo in tho North American colonies.]. lu the North American colonies there is no such dispersion of the population as.wo find in this colony. . In all thoso colonies thc population ls essentially agricultural, and man must earn his subiistcnco exclusively in tho first instance from tho cultivation of thc soil. Now¡ it ii indispensably necessary for such a population to keep together for their common welfare ; and thc casa of such a dispersion as oxists in this co- lony Is, therefore, unprecedented in thc history bf modom colonisation. In tho mother country, also, although tho population os a whola ÍB * broken, up ulta - e cascly tho sonia dcnoinina* tiona u wa Und ber«) tho adherents or mem- bers of anv ono of these denominations aro ge- nerally found in tho some neighbourhood or part of tho country. 'In England, for example; with tho exception of the north of England, ?Wales, Cornwall, and the country adjacent to Liverpool, where Dissenters of various com- munions form a large proportion of thc popula- tion, the mass of the people nro Episcopalians, or of tho Church of England. In Scotland, on the contrary, there aro only 40,000 Episcopa- lians altogether, while thc proportion of lto man Catholics ives not much greater, cut pf a population of upwards of two millions and a half, the mais of tho people of that country being Presbyterians. And in Ireland, although the Episcopalian portion of the population aro scattered somewhat unequally over thc wholo island, tho southern portions of it aro inhabited almost exclusively by a Roman Catholic, and tho northern by a Presbyterian population. In Prussia, also, where so much hos been done for general education, under a national or ge- neral system, applicable aliko to all, the north em provinces of tho kingdom arc almost exclu- sively Protestant, while the Rhenish or south- ern provinces, tho only part of that country I have myself visited, aro exclusively Roman Catholic. Ia all these countries, therefore, there aro facilities for working a denominational system that do not exist herc, where thc popu- lation is not only dispersed, but broken up into various and conflicting communions, to a degree unknown in any part of tho European world. To próvido denominational schools, therefore, for a population so dispersed aud broken up, would imply an enormous expenditure of public money-such an expenditure ns thc colony can- not possibly bear. And although the honor- able member from Castlercagh-strcct would probably reiterate lu's sentiment, " never mind thc expense," it must bc borne in mind thatj thc Government propose to spend only £7000 J for education altogether; and that^thnt amount! will ge* but avery little wy in providing'dc-ï iiomtnAti'oiinl schools for the whole colony. It is for those who get no schools nt all under that system, ns I shall show to bc thc ease in many instances presently,- tb Bay, "never mind the expense." A second ground of objection to thc denominational system is, the uncertainty of ita application : for, under that system, it u i not-where-schools are most wanted that they arc established, but where any particular dc-' nomination is strong enough or influential enough' to establish a school of that particular denomination. If this sectarian object cannot be accomplished, thc wants of thc people or district i>aro never taken into consideration by any 'communion that now receives as- sistance' 'for educational purposes from the public funds. And thc consequence is, that whilo in some particular districts thcro is a superabundance of educational machinery, iii others equally requiring such machinery ! there isJnonc at all. 1 shall give an instance of each of these classe «of cases. Inthoinaignifieunt village of'Moruclh, for example, mwlliehasinçle I well managed school would have been quite suflbient for thc entire population, thcro were ' not fewör than three denominational schools some time sinco, all receiving support from thc State. There was an Episcopalian school, as a matter'of course, that denomination being thc most numerous. Hut as Roman Catholics abound -in all parts of thc territory, títere was of necessity a denominational school for that communion also. And as there happened to be n comidorablo number of Presbyterians in tho neighbourhood, a third denominational 1 school hod to bc got up under thc auspices of this corri mun iou, to constitute a third claim upon tho' public fund, and to bc in keeping with tho other two. On thc other hand, in presenting n petition a -few days ago in favour i of tho General System of Education from i certain- inhabitants of thc district of Berrima nnd its neighbourhood ; I observed that it was signed ohictly by persons residing at a place called tho Cross Rends, about seven miles beyond Berrima, who, not being fortunate enough tb attract the particular notice of any denomination, and not willing to go without education -for their children altogether, had established a school by voluntary subscription for themselves. -Tho locality was on one of the great ronds of thc colony, and consequently could not-be unknown to thc leading members of tito various denominations receiving Govern were cither nblc or thought it worth their while to ?establish n denominational school in tho neighbourhood-to usc the appropriate language - of Holy Scripture-thc Romish "priest," and the Methodist " Levite," the Anglican bishop, and tho Presbyterinn minister, all " passod by on the other side," and left tho people to shift for themselves. I trust, how- ever, that this Council will prove tho "good Samaritan" in the case, by establishing a general system of education that will meet thc wants of numerous localities in precisely similar circumstances, and not leave the in- habitants of such localities lo thc tender mer- cies of any religious denomination. Under such a system, in Prussia, my honorable friend thc member for Melbourne hnsinfonnod thc House that ono in ovcry six of thc entire population is actually at school. But under a similar system in tho States of tho North American Union, to the northward of the River Potomac,' thcro is actually a fourth of thc whole popula- tion actually at school. ïhc fact appeared in- credible when I mentioned it to an eminent staticianin London, whoso experience, how ovar, lind been" derived exclusively from Eu- ropean communities. But the difference nrose from tho circumstance that, in n comparatively new country like America, where people are not ' oppressed, as in liuropo, with thc fear of pro vtuiiie fer a family, early marrinje* ara much more frequent, and thc number of children much frealer in proportion to tho entire population, do not anticipate that wo shall ever hnvc such aonions of our population nctuuUy at school tis colony-under any system; but look- ing at tho vast and lamentable difference 1 between our own circumstances in this ! I particular, as evinced in tho Educational j btatistics before tho House, and those of tho countries and communities referred to, ; j I do cherish tho hope that undci a general sys- tem that would apportion thc public fun-Is i commensurately in some degree with the wants j of tho general population, we should, in n few . 1 years hence, have a far largor proportion of our '. population actually under education than we j have now. But not only is the denominational. system uncertain in its application, and there- fore unjust in its operation, towards thc com- munity at large ; it is unjust even towards the I ' members of particular communities, ns compared wiüv each other, especially those whose members are in the minority. Of tho three leading com- munities of thc colony-tho Episcopalians, the Roman Catholics, and the Presbyterians-tho Presbyterians, os is well known, aro thc smallest ' in point of numbers ; but in every district of ¡ the colony I hove visited, I have found a : larger or smaller number of families and indivi- duals of that communion. It is only, however, I in a few of the principal -localities of tho colony 1 in which that denomination arc sufficiently ¡ numerous to have a denominational school at j nil. Inidl tho others, Presbyterian parents nre , obliged cither to havo their children unedu- cated, or to scud them to the denominational schools of other communions. A largo propor- tion of tho members of this communion arc, therefore, in n much worse position in regard to education, under thc denominational system, notwithstanding tho ossistonco afforded for thc establishment and maintenance of Presbyterian schools, than if there were no such system at all. A third ground nf objection to the deno- minational system is, thc comparatively low cha- racter, in point of intellectual attainments, of mental independence, and personal comfort, to which, in most instances, it reduces that most important class of tho community-the school- masters. Under thc oxislingsystem, they must bc subservient to tho clergy of thc particular denomination they belong to ; and X maintain, without fenr of contradiction, that it is not for tho welfare of their order, much less for that of tho whole colony, that they should. Thc question, indeed, in most instances, is not whether they aro likely to bc good and cmolcnt' teachers; but whether they aro likely to sub servo the particular object of the denomination thoy belong to, in the locality in which thoy oro established. Thora is nothing, I maintain so detrimental to tho general interests of educa- tion, in any country, na thc prevalence of a stato of things that thus systematically depresses tho wholo class of school masters. Give us a {Oncral system of éducation, and tho oharactcr and standing of schoolmasters generally will infallibly riao to a much higher leroi than tho one they now occupy throughout the colony And not only will their own choree ter end standing bc elevated in their own estimation, as well as in that of society generally, from thc fixed and comparatively independent position , they will then occupy ; but thc character and standing of oil who como within the sphere of their inllucnce will be elevated siso. A fourth ground of the objections I urgo to denomina- tional schools is their proselytising character. Til is fcaturo of Ute whole system is not peculiar to thc schools of any ono denomination : it is common to them all. Tho Episcopalians, as the most numerous denomination in thc colony, speculate upon their ability to establish deno- minational schools In every district of thc colony, and thc consequent proba- bility of their gaining accessions to their numbers from the children of other communions that aro not sufficiently numerous ; to establish denominational schools also. This, '? Mr. ; Sf coker, and not any real apprehension j entertained in any quarter for tho moral and I religious welfare of the community from tho. prevalence of a general system, is thc grand ? secret that affords us the ratitmai* of the large number of clerical petitions that have been got up in n certain quarter against that system, and laid upon thc table of thia House. The deno minatioiinl system, I repeat it, is essentially a í proselytising system, and it is tho general knowledge and conviction of tho fact, and the want of confidence in the existing machinery that necessarily results from it, that produce in many cases throughout thc colony, an exa- cerbation of feeling on thc port of many repu- table families and individuals, who look with distrust and suspicion upon tho denominational schools of o eli cr communions, when there hap- pens to bc no school of their own denomination in their vicinity. This proselytising character of the denominational schools is by no means of recent origin in this colony. It has been their leading fcaturo and characteristic all along. I shall give an inatancoof thc fact that happened to fall under my own notice a good many years ago. A very benevolent Scotch gentleman, who was then residing in Sydney, happened to become acquainted with the family of.a sergeant in the army, who had remained in thc colony with his family when his regiment went to India. Thc Ser. gennr, likciniiny old soldiers, provided but very indifferently for his family, who bud conse- quently enough to do to keep up a decent appearance in thc world. 'Hie family was largo, and consisted both of boys and girls ; and tho gentleman I have alluded to, having token a strong interest in two of thc boys, sent thom lo A school which I had established in connexion with the Scots Church, and which was then'under tho management of a young man, thc son of a missionary at Tahiti, whom I had kept and educated myself, gratuitously, for four years, and who could read tho Holy Scrip- tures fluently in tho Orcck, Latin, and French languages, and translate them from ono to j another of these languages wit!» great propriety. He was the best qunlifîcd of most elficicnt schoolmasters, in Bhort, til at I have ever had. Hin school was consequently of a superior cha I meter, and ho h,id upwards of seventy pupils. The only dependence thc young man had -«vos thc fees paid him by the pupils, for thc deno- minational system was not managed with auffi ' cicnt liberality in theso dark days, to allow of any share in its benefits to Presbyterians. Two of thc girls of thc Serjeant's . family, however, were attending an Episcopa- lian school, supported by tho Government in tlie vicinity ; and in addition to tho common branches of rending, writing, and arithmetic, that were taught them in that school, they had also gratuitous instruction afforded them in sewing, an accomplishment which was not so easily procurable for girls ot that time in Syd known, however, to tho patrons or authorities of thc denominational school that thc two boys of thc Sergeant's family were attending thcScotch school, tho mother was given to understand that unless they were removed from' thal school and sent along with their two sisters to the Episco- palian school, thc two latter would be sent away. And thc mother, with tears in her eyes, told my. benevolent friend shortly thereafter, when asking why she had removed the boys from a school in which they had been doing remarkably well, that eho was obliged lo sacxi to what was notoriously a very inferior school at tho time, for tho sake of her girls. This pro- selytizing, system, however, ns I have already, observed, is not peculiar to any denomination j] They all contrivo to do a little in kin tho small! way, or as thc colonists say, on tho sly. They! all contrive to make tho school a proselytizing appendage to thc Church or chapel, and thc interests of education are thus virtually aneri- \ Meed to promote those of sectarianism. Tho \ diameter and standing of the persons selected for thc office of teacher in the different denomi- nations receiving Government aid, is proof positive of this. In thc Episcopal Church, tho schoolmaster is generally thc clerk of thc Church. At one of the meetings on thc sub- ject of education, in thc Victoria Theatre, n itoinish Priest, who was present to oppose tho general system, intimated his desire that thc, schoolmaster should bo the catechist of thej district, and thc Christian Brothers, as they arc called, of that communion, aro openly and avowedly employed for purposes of this kind,! as appears from th oír own acknowledgment.' In illustration of tho general principles I am endeavouring to establish, I may mention that rthelcss a Roman Catholic school having not fewer at present than forty-live pupils, almost nil of whom are either Episcopalians or Presbyterians. I do not deny that the Pres- byterians follow tho good exnmplo by planting schools not where they nra absolutely neces- sary for tho children of their own communion, but where they muy ho scrviccabla in a ^uict way in extending their influence and out thc proselytising character of their schools openly and systematically ; tho grcntcr num- ber, if not almost tho whole of their school mxttcrs being local preachers for their respectivo districts. This respectable body, whoso charac- ter and labours I BUould bo tho lost to attempt to undervalue, has a school in Liverpool-street, Sydney, of which tho schoolmaster is a local preacher. His predecessor was a local preacher, audi presume ho is still acting in both ca- pacities where he now is, at Bathurst. Tho schoolmaster of this denomination at Penrith, ut another station further down in tho Hawkes- bury district, and at the Wollombi, aro all local preachers ¡ und so also aro those at New- castle and at Newtown Tho caso of thc last mentioned of these schools hos already been beforo tho public, from having boen brought forward in evidence before tho Select Com- mittee. In that school wenre told there aro. not fewer than sixty pupils, hut only six ofi these arc tho children of Wesleyan parents,! and of these six, four ure tho cliildrcn of thc] schoolmaster himself. Nay, I am told, there* .? is a school, of this denomination at Chippen- dale, of which there is not a singlo' pupil of Wesleyan parentage. Now, Sir, I repeat it,-1 should bc the last person to find fault with the zealous mid indefatigable labourer, either of the Weslcyans or of any other re- ligious denomination that goes forth on the high and noble endeavour to reclaim tho vast moss of practical heathenism which this colony présents. Por I acknowledge, tliat notwith- standing the array af Christian communions which our statistics present, a large proportion of our so-called Christians has just about as much title to thc appellation as it lias to that of Mahometan or Hindoo. But. I maintain without fear of contradiction, that thc pubL'c funds avnilnblo foi educational purposes in this colony, ought not to bo diverted from their proper object, lo subservo tho purposes of proselytism for any communion. I do not find fault with thc ministers of any bf tho religious denominations ? I have enumerated for their proselytizing effort* of this Kind ; but I object stiongly to tho system that affords them tho opportunity. Pinnlly, I object to tho donomî» national system now in operation, bceai:w> there aro in reality no denominational srhoola i properly speaking, al nil. Every ono of thea denominations professes to educate all thi.t como to them, from whatever communion, and not to interfere willi the religious prin- \ oiples of any. lu short, Ihey allowed the very thing that they wish, to prevent thc Government from doing, through tho es tab-j lishment of a gcnDral system, not to inter- féra with thc religious principles ol any deno- mination of Chnstiaus, while it would ho neatly endeavour to train up nil in tho know- ledge, and belief, and reverence, of thaso fun- damental principles aud facts of Divine Reve- lation, that are alike received and recognised by all. Every denomination in succession tells us, In fact, precisely the same story. Tho peoplo don't object to our schools-they send thcu- children to us notwithstanding. One fact known, in such a case, is worth fifty mero assertions, and I have a most remarkable fact to refer to, exactly in point. When the Whig« came into power, and established Lord Stan- ley's System in Ireland, the Town Council of Liverpool, in England, followed their example, and established various schools on the samo Bystcm in that city. When tho Tories, how- ever, succeeded in regaining a majority, these schools wore entirely changed in their charac- ter, and placed on thc denominational system with what result let a single instance suffice. The pamphlet from which I am about to quote that instance, is no party publication got up to Bupport a particular theory on the subject of education. It was written to subserve n totally different purpose altogether-to show from thc miserable condition of an overwhelm- ingly large portion of thc labouring population iii one of tho wards of the city of Liverpool, tho utter impolicy, the oppressive character, and the inhumanity of the Corn-Law Monopoly. It is entitled os follows : " Statistics of Vaux- hall Ward, Liverpool, showing the actual con- dition of moro than five thousand families, being thc result of on inquiry recently insti- tuted at the request of thc Liverpool Anti-Monopoly Association, with observa- tions, and explanatory letters. Compiled and edited by John Finch, Junior, Merchant.' ' The only paragraph in it that relates to education at all, is tho one I om now to quote, and thc information it affords, is only tho more valuable that it is given incidentally: " Considerable benefit baa been derived by tuc poorer classes in Vauxhall Ward, from the pri- vilege thoy exercised of sending their children to thc North Corporation School, situated in this Ward. Ilero they were enabled to get a ; good plain education for the trifling sum of l¿d. each per week. Until recently this school was conducted on similar principles to those adopted in thc Irish National Schools, and was | eminently successful ; but in consequence af | a resolution passed by tho Common Council of thc borough, requiring from the pupils con- formity to some of thc usages of the Established i Church, thc whole of the Catholic, and a por tíon of the Protestant children, 'have bean | withdrawn by their parents. The proportion of children attending this school, on tho aver- age, for Januar)', 1842, on the new, as compared with October, 1841, on tho old system, from on authentic source, is ni follows : - BoysT.*^'...122 9 386 Girls. 85 284 Infants . 94 205 SDI 87fi Reduced attendance, in consequence of restric- tivo regulations, 571, or two- thirds of thowholo number." I cannot agree with my hon. and learned friend, thc member for Durham, in sup- posing that although this Council might cstub lishagcnerol system of education, they could not enforce it, or ensure its reception. It appears clear and undeniable to me, fran, the evidence afforded by thu denoinhmtiomtlists themselves, that if tho Government were to establish a General System, and to place it under proper management, thc people generally, of all com- munions, would very soon avail themselves of its advantages, notwithstanding all thc efforts of their priests or clergy to prevent, them. Thc array of opposition that hos been conjured up against a General System, ni exhibited tu the clerical petitions from various quarters that have been presented to this House, arises from thc hope of inti- midating this Council from doing their duty to thc publie, and of thereby perpetuating the present most inofHcicut system ; which, how . ever inefficient, as far as tac general education of thc people is concerned, is nevertheless very efficient in promoting ecclesiastical ob tiharc in thc spoils. And honorable members ought to bear in mind, as a most edifying and instructive fact, that notwithstanding all the array of influence and authority that have been brought to bear upon this subject ia thc way of getting up clerical petitions against a general system, signed in so many instances by women, and children, nnd marksmen, there has not been .1 single petition presented against :Such a system from the whole district of Port ; Phillip. Let this remarkable fact, I say, be thorne in mind, that in that district, containing as it does a population of upwards of 25,000, with a far smaller proportion of persons than there is in this part of the colony in a state of brutal ignorance or of crime, there hos not been a single petition against a general system ; while thc leading authorities and inhabitants of two of its principal localities, thc Corpora- tion of Melbourne and thc inhabitants of Gee- long have petitioned strongly in its favour. And no wonder-for all they arc receiving for education in thc district, under thc present un- satisfactory system, is a miserable pittance of £100 ; although they contribute upwards of £80,000 a year to tho general revenue. Prom what has now been stated, written in tho way of fact or argument, it appears to me indisputable that this Council is shut up to the necessity of establishing some general system of education for this colony ; and the question is what sys- tem should bc established? Now there arc only two systems that can pretend to the character of general-the British and Foreign School Society's system, thc basis of which is thc unrestricted uso of tho Holy Scriptures, without note or commcn t, creed or catechism, in thc education of youth ; and Lord Stanley's or the Irish system. Tho former of these has long been established most successfully in the Northern States of th« Great American Re- public ; and I am enabled to state, as a positive fact, that the Protestant Episcopal Church in that country most willingly concurs in that system, and asks no other. 1 ascertained the fact on tho spot from personal enquiry, and thc impression produced upon my own mind on the subject, was subsequently strengthened by observing that thc Rev. Dr. Syng, of Philadelphia, one of tho ablest and most eminent ministers of thc body, whose acquaintance I had thc pleasure of making during my stay in that city, declared ¡ nt a great public meeting in Exeter Hall, Lon- I don, that, ai Protestant Episcopalians, they were satisfied with such a system in tho com« mon schools, but equally so in the Sunday schouls also. I was astonished, however, to find from thc answers given to certain ques- tions which I put to them respectively 011 thc Bubjcct in tho Select Committee on Education, both Bishop Broughton and the Rev. Mr. Allwood seemed to question the fact I have stated, os to thc concurrence of the American Episcopalian Church in the school system of1 that country. To satisfy myself on a subject on which I had no reason to doubt, I went, immediately after the Committee had broken up on one or other of the two occasions I refer to, to thc American Consulate, where I learned from Mr. Williams, tho American Consul, and another American gentleman whom I found along with him, that tho school system of America was based, as I have stated, on tho unrestricted use of tho Holy Scriptures in thc authorized version, without note or comment, creed or catechism, and that that system was heartily concurred in, and, so far os either of these gentlemen had heard, had never been found fault .with or objected to by the Ameri- can Episcopal Church. In thc Capo of Good Hope also, where a general system af education luis been established within thc last few ycart on tho basis of tho British and Foreign Socioty's plan, I observe from thc Capé Almanac for 1842, that the Rev. Mr. Hough, the senior Episcopal chaplain of the colony, concurs in that system, being a leading member of the School Commis- sion of tho colony. There is nothing, therefore, I maintain, either in tito doctrino or the discip * linc af tho Episcopal Church to prevent that Church from concurring, with other Protestant», in a general system of education on tho basis of tiic Holy Scriptures, without note or comment, 1creed or catechism. And I confess, Mr. Speaker, fiat if 6uch n system wcro either just or plac- eable in this colony, I would prefer it to Lord tanley's system. I sm still precisely of tho same opinion on this subject as in the month of January, 1835, when tho question was first agitated in this colony. At that time, and lor o than eighteen months thereafter, it was orally behoved that nil Protestants In this ny would cordially concur in tho establish- ment of a general system of Protestant educe on thc basis I have mentioned ; and ring that such a consummation was both prac ti cabio and probable, I, for one, was quite willing that a portion of the public funds should ho appropriated for the separate education of tho Roman Catholic portion of the community. But it was our bitter mortification to find, length, that Bishop Broughton and bis clergy ere just as much opposed to the British and Foreign Society's system then, with the unrestricted usc of thc Bible, and thc whole Bible in the authorised veraion, as they aro to. Lord Stanley's system now. Much aa these gentlemen may talk in their petitions about "... i ? ^hoio JV oppose for they refused to . that basis when it them. It is not Lord Stanley's therefore, thoy arc opposed to ; but a general system of any ¿ind on any basis. And what ls tho ground of this hostility to any general system ? Why, if wo credit tho tes- timony of the petitioners against tho general system-if we believe thc statements that aro put forth by Bishop Broughton, and Iiis-corps of clerical agitators, at their public meetings and demonstrations-it arises entirely from tho tender regard of tho Church of England for all the younger members of her communion. If we believe these gentlemen, thc Church of England aro overflowing with the milk of human kindness, has Bucb a maternal fond- ness for her offspring, that sho cannot bear to have them even for a moment out of her sight. She must ever be nourishing them with her " milk for babes"-she must ever bo loading them gently by the hand along tho dangerous pathways of youth, till they reach the hcathful beautiful if it wero true. But is it true, Mr. Speaker ? Why not one word of it, and there are nono who know this bettor than those who put forth such unfounded assertions to delude tho rant multitude, and thereby to promote 1 own selfish and sectarian views. Tho character of the Church of England, as the mother of her children, is not to bc ascertained from her professions but from her practice. It of education; but from what she hos done for tho last three centuries. It is not to be ascer- tained from the certificate of character she gives herself, with so much self-complacency, in Australia, but from her conduct for three hun- dred years in England and Ireland. Did she over even attempt .then to establish any system of education in England, her own peculiar patrimony, when she had all tho wealth and influence of that kingdom en- tirely at her command for suoh a purpose, and when the wealth and influence af dissent were but os a drop in the bucket in comparison ! Oh, no. Listen to tho following testimony as to the state of Dru tul ignorance in which she hos permitted a vast proportion of her entire population to grow up under her own cyo all over thc fdr fields of England. I quote from an article on the Registration Act, in tho Jiritiah Alumnae, for 1842. " Thc table illustrating thc state of education amongst thc adult population, with, respect to writing is continued in this Report, and bears out in an unexpected mnnncr, the results indi- cated by that given in thc preceding year. ¡ Every county occupies nearly thc samo relativa 1 poiition, and many of them precisely the same, and this coincidence sufficiently proves, in the opinion of the Registrar- General, ' that thc test is one which must not bc disregarded, but may bc found a valuable and safo criterion of tho comparativo state of education,' especially when similar returns have been obtained for a series of years. It appears that out of 121,329 couples married, there ? register with marks. In Bcdf irdshirc, 51 per cent, of tho mon sicned with mnrli», «nd 09 yoi cent, of the women ; in thirteen English coun- ties, in thc West Riding of Yorkshire, and in Wales, more than 40 out of every 100 of the men married did thc sime ¡ in nineteen English counties, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and in Wales, more than half thc women did not write their names. An objection has been made to this test, which, it is said, indicates unwillingness to write, not inability. Thc Registrar-General ícmarks:-'It is still a test of proficiency: for it is to be pre I sumed that very few, if any, who did not experience much difficulty in writing, or were afraid of exposing their deficiency, would be unwilling to write their names.' " When I « 1 graceful i abroad, to educate the people on liberal and comprehensive principles, so far from allowing that that Church merits in thc slightest de- gree tho character she now assumes of a tender nursing mother of her children, I feel con- strained to compare her to thc harlot mother in Holy Writ, who, having overlaid her own child, seized thc living child, of her slum- bering companion, and when publicly accused of thc fact, was willing rather that the living child should bo cut in two tlian suckled by any oilier breasts than her own. And what has this tender-hearted mother tho Church of England done for the education of Ire- land since thc Protestant Ilcformation. "Why, enjoying as she did a completo monopoly of tho wealth and political influence of that unhappy country fur three entire centuries, she never mada one vigorous effort for the in- tellectual and moral renovation of its people, but gradually suffered them to become, in their physical as well os in their intellectual con- dition, the most miserable and thc most biu tally ignorant population in Europe. Tho first time soo ever bestirred herself in tho matter was literally to prevent their intellectual and moral renovation, by crying down thc Irish system. Oh, if she had really deserved thc character of a tendar nursing mother, we should not now have been hearing so much of O'Con- nell and Repeal in Ireland, or of those many and portentous clouds that appear in tho poli- tical firmament of England, and that we cannot behold but with apprehension and alarm. In short, I know of no Church, since tho apostolic agc, which has uniformly had euch a vast amount of wealth and influence, together with all the other appliances of civilization, entirely nt its command, for any purpose, for tho long period of three entire centuries, as the Church of England ; but I know of no other Church, {ince the apostolic age, which, in any thing like similar circumstances, has done so little for tho education of her people. In such cir- cumstances, thc extraordinary pretensions which aro now put forth by interested parties 1 for the Church of England, as being tho tender nursing mother of her childrcu, are to be taken fur what thoy aro worth. How different was the eiso in Scotland, my native land. There the clergy had no ref rescntatircs in Parliament, and had no admission to that body themselves : for tho circumstance of a Presbyterian minister being a member of any such House as this, is unprecedented in tho history of Scotland, and is only to bc accounted for in my own case by that unfortunate omis- sion in tho Act of Parliament, which left u door open for my admission into this llouse. I trust, however, that thc futuro recurrence of so calamitous an event will be duly prevented, and that in tho forth- coming Act to oxplainthc present constitutional Act one provision will be mode to relieve mo of thc duty of coming to this House to givo certificates of character to any Church or party whatever. (Much laughter in all parts of the House.) Although thoy had no representa- tives in Parliament) and did not possess one twentieth part of the wealth and influence of their sister Church, thc Scottish clergy never rested till they got the Scottish Parliament to establish a general national system of educa- i tion, which secures to every Scotsman the ' inestimablo blessing, and the prevalence of which for nearly two centuries past has raised the Scottish nation to nn intellectual and moral : emincuce unsurpassed in Europe, Thc honora- | bio and loamed member forPuiham was in error when ho stated that all tho members of this j Ilnuso hod been educated themselves under a denominational system ; I was educated under a general or national System ; andaslobtaiiied j under that system, not only all the reading, and writing, end arithmetic, out all tho Lntin and Greek that waa requisite to fit me for thc University, at the small charco of five shillings a-quartcr, I am earnestly desirous that tho soma inestimable blessing may be secured from henceforth to tho children of Australia. Tho general system in the United Slotes is an essentially Protestant system. This is to bc accounted for, from the fact, that although thero has been a prodigious influx of Roman Catholics into that country during tho last thirty years, they ore as yet only one in seventeen of the whole population. At the Capo of GoodHopc, whero ft similar system prevails, tho proportion of Roman Catholics is much smaller, tho total number of that com- munion being only 1710 out of a population of 163,000, orono in ninety-five. In this country, however, tho case is widely different. We have here a numerous Roman Catholic popu- lation ; and in legislating for general education in this colony, Sus stat« of things must be provided for. However desirous Protestants of all communions may bc that the Biblo in the authorised vorsion should be read daily in all schools, it must bo borne In mind that that version is not received by a large pro- portion of thc population. Rut it is no article of faith among Protestants of any denomina- tion that tho Bible should be read daily in the public schools. It Î* much to ba desired, I acknowledge, but it is not a matter of indis Íicnsoblo necessity, whether for tho intel- ectual or the moral and religious education of tho Protestant child. And if tho great in- terests of education can be essentially pro- moted, and the pcaco and harmony of society maintained by another arrangement, that limits thc religious instruction given in schools to those great lending principles and fuels of Divine Revelation inst are recognised and received equally by all who bear the Christian name an arrangement, I conceivo, implying no com fiomise of Christian principle in any quarter, can see no reason why such a systom should not bc preferred. Differing "wide as tho poles asunder," as Protestants end Roman Catholics do on many and most important points, both of doctrine and practice, there are still many and most important principles and facts of Divine Revelation which they hold in common, which they both recognise and receive. Now, the i main principle of Lord Stanley's system is to I ascertain these principles and facts, and to j limit tho religious instruction given in the pub- lic schools Lo these alone. That there are such principles and facts of Divine Revelation uni- versally recognised and received hy all pro- fessed Christians of all communions, it would bo n waste of words to hear. I was more than astonished, however, to find this truth almost denied in express words, by one of tho clerical opponents of thc Stanley system, who, in his zeal against the prin- ciple of having extracts from Holy Scrip- ture, instead of thc whole Biblo used in schools, pretended that he could not presume to affirm that any ono part of God's word was of more importance than another ; or in other words, that he could not presume to determine whether the catalogue of Jewish names in the beginning of the First Book of Chronicles were not of as much importance os that part of Holy Scripture which relates thc circumstances of the incarnation, thc death, and tho resurrection of the Son of God. But there are other Episco- palian ministers of high standing in their own communion who arc of a very different opinion on this subject. General Martin, a wealthy East Indian, who had amassed a princely for- tune, left that fortune by his will for tho establishment of an institution tor thc educa- tion of youth, directing that thc youth to bo so educated, should bo instructed in tho Christian religion. Bishop Wilson, of Calcutta, endea- voured long and earnestly to get tho institution recognized as an exclusively Episcopalian establishment; but tho Governors of the insti- tution having determined otherwise, agreed to tho following general proposition, for the ma- nagement of thc institution In matters of reli- gion, and appointed a Roman Catholic priest, and a Scotch Presbyterian miuistcr to co- operate with the Bishop in aiccrtaining what these fundamental principles were on whloii all tho communions opeoifiod woro agreed: "That tho public religious instruc- tion given to the children of the school bo in conformity with the principles held in common by thc English, Scotch, Roman, Greek, and Armenian churches; but that tho school be not placed under any particular denomination of Christians, and that no points which am in controversy between the said Churches be touched upon in the course of public instruc- tion." Bishop Wilson was exceedingly un- willing to agree to such terms ; but finding that he would otherwise lose all the hold he had on behalf of his own communion, on an educational institution, possessed of n splendid building, and funds to the amount of nearly £200,000, he agreed with his two co-adjutors in drawing up thc following summary of universally received Christian principles for tho institution in question : -" The follow- ing aro the main truths held in common, on which thc public religious instruc- tion should in your Committee's opinion, pro- ceed :-11st. The Being of God ; his unity and perfections. 2nd. Thc Holy Scriptures of the Old and Now Testaments, a revelation inspired by the Holy Ghost. 3rd. Thc mystery of the adorable Trinity. 4th. The Deity, Incarnation, Atonement, and Intercession of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. 5th. The fall and cor- ruption of man ; his accountableness and euilt. 6th. Salvation through crace, by tho meritorious sacrifice and redemption of Christ. 7th. Thc Personality and Deity of the Holy Spirit, and his operations and grace in the sanctification of man. 8th. Thc indispensable obligation of repentance towards God, faith in Christ, and continual prayer for the grace of the Holy Spirit. Otb. The moral duties which every Christian is bound to perform towards God, his neighbour, and himself, as they are summed up in thc ten commandments, and enlarged upon in other parts of the Holy Scriptures, all based on thc doctrines above specified, and enforced as their proper fruits.'/' Now this is precisely thc principle of Lord Stanley's system of national education. It is objected to such a sysrem that it is an irre- ligious and infidel system. This I deny tnt toto. All the fundamental principles and facts! of divine Revelation are embodied in it« rcad-fi ing lessons, and in the Scripture extracts, bothfj from thc 'Old and New Testaments, that ore read in its schools. It is objected to this sys- tem, that it makes an entire separation between* secular and religious instruction. This I also meet with a most unqualified denial. Thc objection is a mere quibble upon ? words upon tho meaning of tho words religious Instruction, Por whereas na instruction is deemed religious Instruction by the digestor that is communicated directly to the child by a minister of religion. I main- tain that presenting to thc understanding and heart of the child such fundamental princi- ples and facts of divine revelation as tho follow- ing, is religious instruction in the highest sense of tho word, and I appeal to the common sorute of mankind whether it is not : Hear, O Israel, the Lord thy God is ono Lord. God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth. Thoro is none righteous, no, not one. All have sinned and come short of the glory of God. Tho wages of sin is death; but thc gift of God ls eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. It is ap Jointed unto all men onco to dit, but after cath the judgment. God so loved the world that be gave hu only begotten son, that whoso- , everbcheveth in Him should not perish but1 havo everlasting lifo. God spared not his own Son, - but delivered him up freely to tho death for us alb Thou shalt love ? the Lord thy God with all thy soul, with all thy heart, with all thy strength, and with all thy mind. This is tho first command moot; and the second is like unto It: Thou shalt love thy neighbour aa thyself. On these two commandments hung oil the law and tho prophets. Whatever yo would that men should do Junto you, do ye even so unto them. He hath showed thee, O man, what is good ; and what doth the Lord thy God require of thee, but to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly >ith thy God. Pure religion, and uodefiled before God, oven the Father, is this : to visit tho fatherless and tho widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world. I have used the author scd ver- sion in these passage«, la the scripture extracts l of tho Stanloy system such passages are.given] sometimes in tho authorised and sometimes in f the Douay; but in uo instance is there the! slightest difference in the meaning of the text) And u tho Church of England make uno oV two versions of the Paolina, thc circum-f ?tnncc is hy no means unprecedented to thc mombors of that communion. Considering tho machinery that tho Episcopal Church has for agitation in this matter, I . am not at all surprised st the number of petitions that have been presented against tho general system, considering the peculiar position of those who have bsen Instrumental in getting up these petitions.andvery exceptionable means thatheve been generally taken to get them numerously sirmcd. TheyWeunlformlybcengotupby tho clergy, and chiefly by those of tho Episcopal Church. Now, considering the extensive machi- nery which that Church can employ for such a purpose, and tho influence which a resident minuter of her communion, in every district of tho colony can command, I confess I am not in the least surprised, cither at thc number of the petitions against the General System, or at the number of signatures they have obtained. On tho contrary, I was prepared from thc fust for a still greater number of hostile petitions, and for a still more numerous array of signa- tures. Let it not be supposed, however, that tho ministers who havo been concerned in get- ting un these petitions ore to bo considered M free a'gents in tho matter-ss expressing their own candid opinions on the subject. On the contrary, they are not at liberty to havo any private opinion on tho Bubject, or at least to give expression to that opinion if they have. They ore all under the vow of canonical obedience, end can only think and act ia tho matter os they arc hidden by their lord and master. What, again, is thel general character of the signotures to these petitions ? WhV it is. perfectly gratuitous to suppose that a largo proportion ol these peti- tioners aro neither .members of th© Church, of England, nor of any Church whatever. A vast majority of their number consists of persons who ore utterly incapable of forming an opinion on the subject-men of the lowest class in society, both in point of intellect and of generali standing, women and children. Tho Police! Offices and Courts of Requests, tho very public houses have, to my own certain knowle d g, been canvassed for signatures. And what arguments have been used to induce pcoplo to sign ? Why, is it not the fact that Lord Stan- ley's system has been uniformly denounced all over tho colony from tho pulpit, from the Press, and from the platform-aa an irreligious and infidel system, AS a system that is advo- cated and patronised only by men who ore notoriously irreligious ana infidel themselves. Now, I appeal to this House, whether tho I General System recommended by the Select Committee, deserves any such character i (Hear, hear, from tho Attorney- General.) I And as to tho men who support it, I am quite willing, as one of them, to put i up with whatever character the petition- ers may bo pleased to assign me. As a colonist, however, I have a for better right than most of those petitioners, whether clerical 1 or Jaie, to offer an opinion on the subject of, I éducation in this House, having brought out to this colony myself, within the last fifteen Sian, not fewer than twenty-six schoolmasters, eluding a considerable number of University 1 bred men, many of whom havo rendered the I most essential scrvico to the cause of education, end consequently ta this community. As a __. , refer to an attempt made ¡ri a quarter from which better things might have been expected, to induce thc Protestant public to believe that if thc general system recommended by the Select Com- mittee should be brought into operation, hymns to the Virgin Mary, would bc taught in the publie schools. I do not say that this was actually said in so many words ; but I do say that it was intended that tho public should believe it. And they did behove it:, for members of my own congregation, who read tho report of the clerical meeting Ï refer to, indignant- at supposing that mimd to them a system which _ _ ac Virgin Msry. Now I maintain; Sn-, that this was unfair, ^and of tho quarter from which it emanated. As s genuine and thorough Protestant I will yield to no man, either in this House or out of it ; ! and if I were really of opinion that I cither compromised or endangered any principles of Protestantism, by concurring in the Stanley system, I for one should thenceforth have nothing to do with it. But sincerely desiring o accord to others thc same measure of ivil and religious liberty, I claim for my elf, I am quite willing to meet tho Roman Catholic for the purposes of general education, on such neutral or common ground os would enable him to feel equally at rest in regard to the religious opinions of tho youth of his com a union. And I maintain, moreover, that in the Nxulior circumstances of this colony it is the lounden duty of thc State to enable us to meet for such purposes on such neutral ground, and to protect the ono from proselytism aa well as thc other. On this part of the subject I ami; happy to express my entire concurrence in one!' of thc proposed amendments of the honorable! and learned member for Durham, to the effect), that it should not be allowable for thc clergy ofji . . . ng fü- ll. I do think, and did from tho first, that this proposed arrangement isf; quite unnecessary, and would be productive of j bod effects. For my own part, I should not like Bend Protestant children to a school that LS to be visited at stated times for tho purpose of imparting religious instruction to any of lloman (Jathoücs, by not going myseii to any such school for any such purpose. Under tho general system, thc pupils of all denominations will be taught those grand fundamental princi- ples and truths and facta of Divine Revelation, that lorm tho common basis, for tho wholo su- perstructure of morality and religion for all who bear tho Christian name. "Whatever additional instruction may bo deemed requisite either by the parent or the minister or priest, let that additional instruction be imparted in the family! i circle, in thc Sunday school, or the Church.) But numerous and numerously signed as have I been the petitions against thc Stanley system, j these petitions have by no means monopolized e either thc numbers or the respectability and I general intelligence of tho colony. We have I hod many, and most respectably signed peti- tions in favour of the general system. Thc general intelligence of the colony, I have good reason to believe, not only from these petitions, but from various other sources, is strongly in favour of that system. Tho whole province of Port Phillip, without the exception of a single antagonist po ti lion, is strongly in fa- vour of it, and I hope and trust this House will be equally in favour of it also. It has been alleged against the friends and ad- vocates of tho General System, that they wish to break up and destroy the existing school machinery of th« colony; this, however, is i most unmerited accusation. The existini. schools may, in my opinion, bo continued undci the General System, without any compromis) of principle, so as to bc equally valuable as nur. senes for their youth to the respective denomi- nations. And to convince thc oppononts of i General System, that the friends of sueh a system arc not unreasonable, exclusive, or tyrannical, I should be inclined to go still farther rather than leave this great ques- tion undecided for one moment longer. I should bo willing ta concur in an amendment, which I understand is to he proposed by tho] honourable and loamed member for. Sydney« and to meet our opponents halfway. I conjure tho Council, however, not' to consent to thc motion for thc previous question, and thereby j to leave this most momentous subject undecided \- for another year. After all tho agitation ! of thc publio mind upon thc subject, after ? all tho enquiries that hnvo been mado re- specting it, such A course would be regarded by thousands in all parts of tho colony, but especially by the whole provinco of Port Phillip, where comparatively nothing has hitherto been dono for education, and where the people are most anxious for an immediate settlement of tho question, with extreme in- dignation. In such a case the public would have good reason to, say of us, that wo bad deserved to be sent about our business, ss it iis repotted tve aro to bo very shortly. I con- juro the Council'to toko up this most impor- tant, this vital question, in a conciliatory spirit, and without : insisting on extreme 4 \- . ? , ? .. : m eas ure« on either «do,-to do what is rea] nod obviously practicable for the colony, wo do eo, wc shall render to our adopted cou: try a service that will noter bc forgotten ; ni though, in that etxut, we should never mc herc again in tho same capacity, after we scp rate for tho present session, we shall havo c: titled ourselves to a species of imroortnlit (Strong sensation.) [Wo regret that in consequence of the gre length to which Dr. Lang's speech ni expectedly extended, nearly three hours, ai thc bodily exhaustion of tho reporter, the pa ticulor portion containing the ratiomb or exp cition of Lord Stanley's system, has been mut more abridged and imperfectly reported thi cither tho preceding or concluding po lions. Tho reader will of course make di allowance for this ; for thc particular portion tho argument we allude to was much mo: elaborate than the Report would indicate.] Mr. BOWMAN said, that he should feel 1 was not ycrforming his duty if ho were to gil a silent vote upon so importent a subject os tl one under discussion. He was bound in coi science to oppose thc adoption of tho system i education recommended by tho Committee, i far as he at present understood it, (hear, hear] and he would equally oppose any other systci for the education of Protestant children _ undi which tlic Biblo was cither wholly or in pa: excluded. They were bound to respect th religious objections of their Roman Catho! brethren, by whom the uso of the Holy Scrii turcs in thc schools were opposed ; ond if ti general system of education was adopted, sue a rejection as he objected to must nccessaril take pince. He conceived also, that theHotu was bound te pause ere they adopted tho rt commendation of thc Committee, on account < the general opposition which had been mani festcd te it, and the many numerously signe pétitions which had been presented against it : th great bulk of tho community, probably 4-6thi being most strongly opposed to it. Much ha been said as to thc getting up of these petition! but ss far as those which had been got up i his neighbourhood were concerned, or an; others which had been got up under his obsei vntion, he must deny that any undue influcne whatever had been exercised for the purpose <j obtaining signatures. (Hear, hear.) It w« questionable, he thought, whether tho petition presented in support of tho other side of rh question were equally genuine ; and when < petition of that nature was presented from i small section of the inhabitants of Richmond he could hove taken many exceptions to it ; bu he considered tho cause to bc so weak already that it was not necessary to weaken it further (Hear, hear). He felt that the adoption of thi system would convey a very questionable- com plimcnt to tho clergy ana schoolmasters o the colony who liad laboured in the Yineyan for tho lost thirty years for thc education one training up of youth under the old, and hi must confess, very inefficient system. (Hear hear). Imperfect os this system was however, some of thoso who had beer , educated under It in this colony, had at- tained thc highest honours of citizenship and bid fair to support thc distinguished posi- tion in a proper manner. No doubt the system would admit of much improvement, and bc should not object lo thc establishment of a ge- neral system of education upon proper princi- ples; but he trattcd there would be no hasty adoption of any such system, until it was shown that its operation would bc equally honest to all classes of tho community, and that it waa rm improvement in efficiency upon tho old plan. It should bc shown also that it would bc more economical ; but in each of these points there was a failure of proof, as far as thc system at present pr'posed was concerned; and so far fmm being more economical in its ope- ration, it was most likely, owing to tho scattered nature of thc population, to be more expensive : for they would have in addition thc instruction and learaiug of the schoolmasters to pay for ; and being suspected to possess superior know- ledge ana attainment to those at present em- ployed, it could not bc expected that they would bo caiisfiad with thc miserable pittance hitherto awarded for similar services. (Hear, hear.) He was happy to hear the honorable and reverend member for Port Phillip, towards tho close of his able address that evening, say, that he was not desirous of breaking up thc schools nt present existing, ns this declaration had tended, in a great degree, to modify his. (Mr. Bowman's) objections to tho present prof! position. (Hear, hear.) With reference tj£ what had been said concerning the Catholic5 school at Richmond, he admitted that there had been such a school for many years, at some distance from thc town, which was numerously attended by thc children of Protestant parents ; but he must confesa that he saw very great carelessness in those parents ; and if thoso Íárente had been educated at all, it must have cen on something of Lord Stanley's system that their education was given to them, they would not otherwise have been BO indifferent as to tho religious principles of their children. (Hear, hear.) There was another Roman Catholic school in thc centre of tho to wn, however ; and although : ho was not prepared to deny that it might be attended by some Protestant children, such of these children as did attend it were assuredly very young. If tho allusion, with reference to which he was then speaking, had ' been mado with tho view of impugning tho efficiency of the Episcopalian School estab- lished in that neighbourhood, he must assert most strenuously, that there were no grounds for such a proceeding, as the school had always been conducted in a monncr calculated to pro- duce the most important and beneficial results. There was in this Behool about sixty children, and tho number was continually increasing ; there hod indeed been a great increase in that neighbourhood of children, and this, af neem. sity, increased the number of pupil» at the various schools. He did not believe that there was any immediate necessity for a change in the présent educational system : for he had na doubt that that system was fax more effectual in its operation then thc general tenor of the ar- guments used by- hnn. members opposito would induce a casual observer to believe ; and taking all thc circumstances into consideration, he waa j inclined to believe that thc children of New ! South Wales were as well educated as those of thc rural districts of Great Britain. (Hear, hear.) As he had «aid before, it would not be paying a proper sert of compliment to thc elerey and sehoß- lmaslers of the colony to break off the system of education which they had so long laboured to carryout with tile greatest possible benefit' to thc community, and to establish something in its stead which waa not only un- tried in its effects, a« far as this colony was con- cerned ; but was rendered still-more doubtful of success by not hsving realised elsewhere the full expectations which wei o entertained re- specting it. Ho should ba quito willing to support any general system of educa- tion which was calculated to meet tho real wants of the community in as economical a manner ss possible ¡ although he was far from ? being of opinion that tho very fact of s system! being the most economical, would necessarily! make it the best ; but ho could not gira hil support to a system such ai tho Resolutions] then before tho House proposed to carry out, et¿ to any other system which should exhibit a de-s narturo from what ho conceived to bo th» great basis of education. (Hear, hear.) I Mr. COWPER suggested, that as tho even- ing was advancing, il being then nine o'clock, it would be well to adjourn the debate until a luturoday. (Cries of no, no! goon! adjourn!) Mr. WENTWORTH said, that in a question of such intense importance ns the ono then under consideration, niuo o'clock was too early an hour for an adjournment of tho subject, anti he advised the continuance of thc discussion until its termination, although the latter should not be before two o'clock in tho morning. Mr. THERRY was in favour of an adjourn- ment, conceiving that thc subject was alto- gether too important to bc dismissed in such a hurried manner. They had already a now amendment before them which honorable members should bc allowed time to turn over and think upon in their minds before they carno to a final determination ; and tho honora- ble and reverend member for Port Phillip had just given themnotico that anothex-nmendmcnt was to be proposed ; so that tho position of the question was greatly changed since tho com- mencement of tho discussion. The Council then decided upon the question of adjournment with thc fallowing result : Ayes. 16 Noes ,.-. 10 Majority iafavoui of SA adjournment., S ISom« ccnTcrsation thon took, placo as to what day the debate should bo ndjoumed to, «nd Thursday next was ultimately determined : 