THE FATHERS— WHERE ARE THEY? FROM THE FRENCH OF DAILLE. As one of the principal reasons that moves the Church of Rome to adduce the writings of the Fathers, is to show the truth of their tenets by their antiquity, which they consider as 'indicative of it ; it is evident that the most ancient ought to be the most noticed. And indeed there is no question out that the Chris- tian religion was more pure and without mixture in its beginning and infancy, than it was afterwards in its growth and progress : it being the ordinary course of things to contract corruptions, more or less, ac- cording as they are more or less removed from their first institution : as we see by experience in states, laws, arts, and languages, the natural propriety of all which is continually declining, after they have once passed the point of their vigour,- and as it were the flower and prime of their strength and perfection. Now, 1 cannot believe that any faithful Christian will deny but that Christianity was in its zenith and perfection at the time of the blessed Apostles ; and indeed it would be the greatest injury that could be offered to them, to say that any of their successors have either. had a greater desire or more abilities to advance Christianity than they had. it will hence follow then, that those times which were nearest to the Apostles were necessarily the purest, nnd less subject to suspicion of corruption, either in doctrine, or in manners and Christian discipline : it being but reasonable to believe, that, if any corruptions have crept into the Church, they came in by little and little, and by degrees, as it happens in all other things. Even the very next age,- immediately after the times of the Apostles, was not without its errors, if 'we may believe Hegesippus; who, as he is cited by Eusebius, witnesses, that the Church continued a chaste virgin till the emperor Trajan's time,* but that after the death of the Apostles the conspiracy of error began to discover itself with open face. I shall not oppose anything against this testimony, but shall only say, 'that if the enemy, immediately upon the setting of these stars of the Church; their presence and light being scarcely shut in, had yet the boldness presently to fall to sowing his evil seed ; how much more had he the opportunity of doing this in those ages which were further removed from their times ; when (the sanctity and simplicity of these great teachers of the world, having now by little and little vanished out of the memories of men) human inventions and -new fancies began to take place ? So that we may conclude that- even sup posing the first ages of Christianity have not been altogether exempt from alteration in doctrine, yet are they much more free from it than the succeeding ages can pretend to be, and are thorcfore conse quently to be preferred to them in all respects; it being here something like what the poets have fancied of the four ages of the world, where the succeeding ages always came short of the former. As, for the opinion of those men+ who think the best way to find out' the true sense of the ancient Church will be to search the writings of those of the Fathers chiefly who lived between the time of Constantine the ' Great and Pope Leo, or Pope Gregory's time, (that is to say, from the end of the third century to the begin ning of the seventh,) I consider this only as an admis sion of the small number of books that are left us of those ages before Constantine, and not that these men allow that the authority of these three later ages ought to be preferred to that of the three former. If we had but as much light and as clear evi- dences of the belief of the one as we have of the other, I make no question but they would prefer the former. But if they mean otherwise, and are indeed of a persuasion that the Church was really more pure after Oonstantine's time than before, they must excuse me, if I think that they by this means confess the distrust they have of their own cause, seeing that they endeavour to fly as far as they can from the light of the primitive times retreating to those ages, wherein it is most evident there were both less per fection and light than before ; running altogether contrary to that excellent rule which Cyprian has given us -.—That we should have recourse to the fountain, whenever the channel and stream of doctrine' and ecclesiastical tradition are found to be in the least corrupted. But, however, let their meaning be what it will, their words, in my judg ment, do not a little' advance the Protestants' cause ; it. being a very clear confession that those opinions, about which they contest with them, do not at all ap- pear clearly in any of the books that were written during the first three centuries. For if they were found clearly in the same, what policy were it then m them to appeal to the writers of the three following centuries, to which they very well know that their adversaries attribute less than to the former ? But besides this tacit confession of theirs the thing is evident; namely, that there is left us at this day very little of the writings of the Fathers of the first three centuries of Christianity for tho deciding of our differences. The blessed Christians of those times contented themselves, for tho greatest part, with writing the Christian faith in the hearts of men, by the beams of their sanctity and' holy life, and by the blood shed in martyrdom, without much troubling themselves with the writings of books ; whether it were because, as the learned Origen elegantly gives the reason, they were of opinion that the Christian religion was to be defended by the innocency of life, and honesty of conversation,, father than by sophistry and the artifice of words : or whether, because their continual sufferings gave them not leisure to take pen in hand and to write books ; or else, whether it were for some other reason perhaps, which we know not But of this we are very well assured; that except the, writings of the Apostles, there was very little written by others in these primitive times ; and this was the cause of so much trouble to Eusebius in the beginning of his history, who had little or no light to guide him in his undertaking ; treading, as he saith, "in a new path, unbeaten by any that had gone before him.+ Besides, the greatest part of those few books which were written by the Christians of those times, have not come down to our hands, but were lost, either through the injury of time, that consumes all things ; or else have been destroyed by tho malice of men, who have made bold to suppress whatsoever they met with that was not altogether to their taste. All that we have left us of these times, which is cer tainly known to be theirs, and of which no man doubts, are certain discourses of Justin, the philoso pher and martyr, who wrote his second apology a hundred and fifty years after the nativity of our Saviour Christ ; tho five books of Irenæus, who wrote not long after him ; three excellent and learned pieces of Clemens Alexandrinus, who lived towards the end of the second century ; divers, books of Tertullian, who was famous about the same time ; the epistles and other treatises of Cyprian bishop of Carthage, who suffered martyrdom about the year of our Saviour 261 ; tho writings of Arnobius, and of Lactantius his scholar, and some few others. As for Origen, Cyprian's contemporary — who alone, had we but all his writings entire, would be able perhaps to give us more light and satisfaction in the business we are now-engaged in than all the rest — we have but very, little of him left, and the greatest part of that too most miserably abused and corrupted; the. most learned and almost innumerable writings of this great and incomparable person not being able to withstand the ravages of time, nor the envy and malice of men, who have dealt much worse with him, than so many ages and centuries of years that have passed from his time down to us. Thus have I given you an account of well nigh all that we have left us, which is certainly known tb have been written by the Fathers of tho first three centuries. ' For as. for those other pieces, which are pretended to have been written in the same times, but are indeed either confessed to be supposititious by the Romanists themselves, or are rejected by their ad versaries, and that upon very good and probable grounds; these cannot have ' any place or account here, in elucidating the controversy we have now in hand. The writings of the fourth and fifth centuries have, I confess, surpassed the former in number and' good fortune too ; the greatest part of them having been transmitted safely to our hands ; 'but they come much short of the other in weight and authority, especially in the judgment of the Protestants, who maintain, and that upon very probable grounds, that the Christian religion has from the beginning had its declinings by little and little, losing in every age some certain degree of its primitive and native purity. It is evident, therefore, that with the ex ception of the New Testament, the pure and undoubted fountain of the Christian reli gion, there is very little left to inform us what the opinions and practices of the Christians of the first three centuries were in matters of religion. And of the very little that does remain to us of the writings of the Fathers of these three centuries — the only three that deserve to be mentioned in relation to this subject— it so happens that there is scarcely anything on the grand sub jects of controversy between all genuine Protestants on the one hand and the Ro mish, Greek and Puseyite Churches on the other. For, according to our author, whose words we again resume — The matters whereof the Fathers of the first three centuries treat are of a very different nature; these authors, according as the necessity, of the times re quired, employing themselves either in justifying the Christian religion, and vindicating it from the aspersion of such crimes, wherewith it was most falsely and injuriously charged; or else in laying open to the world the absurdity and impiety of Pagan ism ; or in convincing the hard-hearted Jews, or in confuting the prodigious fooleries of the heretics of ' those times ; or in exhortations to the' faithful to patience and martyrdom ; or in expounding certain passages and portions of the Holy Scripture : all of which things have very little concern with the con troversies of these times ; of which they never speak a syllable, unless they accidentally or by chance let a word drop from them toward this side or that side, yet without the least thought of us or of our contro ' versies ; although both the one and the other party sometimes light upon passages, wherein they con ceive they have discovered their own opinions clearly uviivLitu uiuugu 411 ..viwu iui nit iiiuob dtlu without ground precisely as he did, who on hearing the ringing of bells, thought they perfectly sounded out what he in his own thoughts had fancied. Justin Martyr and Tertullian, Theophilus and Lactantius, Clemens and Arnobius, .show the heathen the vain ness of their religion, and of their gods ; . and that Jupiter and Juno were but mortals, and that there is but one only God, the Creator of heaven and earth. Irenaeus bends his whole forces against the mon strous opinions' of Basilides, the Valentinians, and other Gnostics, who were the inventors of the most chimerical divinity that ever,came into the fancy of man. Tertullian also lashes them, as they well de serve ; but he especially takes Marcion, Hermogenes, Apelles, Praxeas, and others to task, who maintained that there were two Gods, or two principles, and confounded the persons of the Father and the Son. Cyprian is wholly upon the discipline and the virtues of the Christian Church. Arius, Macedonius, Euno- mius, Photinus, Pelagius, and afterwards Nestorius, and Eutyches, made work for the Fathers of the fourth and fifth centuries. The blasphemies of these men against the person or tho natures of our Saviour Christ, or against the Holy Ghost and his grace, which have now of a long time lain buried and forgotten, were the matters controverted in those tithes, and the subject of the greatest part of the books then written, that have come to our hands. What relation has any thing of all this to the doctrines of transubstantiation; and the adoration of the eucharist, or the monarchy of the Pope, or the necessity of auricular confession, or the worshipping of images, and similar points, which are those of the present controversies, and which none of the ancients have treated expressly and by design, or perhaps ever so much as thought of ? it is very true indeed, that the silence of these Fathers in these points, which some set so much value by, is not wholly mute, and perhaps also it may pass for a very clear testimony, but certainly, not on their side who maintain them affirmatively. But, however, this is a most certain truth, that through out the whole body of the genuine writings of these Fathers, you shall not meet with anything expressly urged either for or against the greatest part of these opinions. When the Roman Catholics and Pusey- ites, therefore, appeal to the Fathers as an authority for their respective systems, we may well reply, in the language of the title of this article, " The Fathers ! Where are they? What, have they to say for you? The opinions and practices you would palm upon us were unheard of by the Fathers of the first three centuries. They were the growth and spawn of later times, of inferior and modern ages when compared with the real antiquity of " the Christian religion. Our Fathers are the twelve Apostles and the - evangelists, Mark and Luke, whose writings, we have reason to bless God, have come down to us pure and entire, constituting, as Cyprian observed, sixteen hundred years ago, the only and the pure fountain of Christianity." By the way, the Roman Catholic organist has worked himself up into a mighty pucker at our having asserted that " Popery had robbed Christian of his Bible." Now, we repeat the assertion, without a figure, and we maintain, without fear of contradiction, that " it has been the mortal sin of Popery all along that she has denied the Holy Scriptures to the Laity, or in other words, has withheld them from them in every possible way." Why — if we are under a mistake in this matter — why, we ask, were the Holy Scriptures locked up in a foreign tongue in every European country till the Reformation? Who, for example, ever heard of a German Bible till the time of Luther ? or rather who ever heard of ihe common people in Germany reading the Bible in their own tongue till Luther taught them, and urged it upon them as alike their privilege and their duty ? Who ever heard of an English Bible till the time of Wick- liffe, that Reformer before the Reformation, whose bones were dug up and burnt, after his death, for the crime of having trans lated the Holy Scriptures into English ? Who ever heard of the English or Scotch nations reading the Bible, or being encou raged, to read it, in their own tongue till they had been brought forth, at that great and glorious era, from " the land of Egypt, the house of bondage?" In short, was it not the grand distinguishing characteristic of the Reformation, whenever it appeared, to translate the Holy Scriptures forthwith into the vernacular language and to circu late copies as extensively as possible among the people? Nay, will the Roman Catholic organ tell us whether the Romish priest hood have ever yet given the millions of Repealers in Ireland the Bible in their mother tongue? There are seven millions of Roman Catholics, they tell us, in that country ; of whom more than half can speak no other language than the Irish. Will the Romish priesthood tell us, therefore, whe ther they have ever given these three mil - lions and a half of people the Holy Scrip tures in the only tongue they can under stand ? O, it will indeed be a damning con fession if they are compelled to answer No ! to such a question as this! Our readers will observe, we do not say that there is no Ro- man Catholic version of the Holy scriptures in Irish ; but we never heard of one, and we do not believe that any such version ex ists. That there is a Protestant version in that language every body knows. At all events we know there is no Roman Ca tholic version in the Gaelic language, al though there are whole districts of the Highlands of Scotland inhabited by Roman Catholics who speak no other tongue ; the only version in that language being Pro testant version. True it is and of verity, that since the Reformation, there have been Romish ver sions of the Scriptures in the principal lan guages of Europe ; but will any man have the audacity to tell us that the Romish priesthood encourage the common people to read even' these versions ? Nay, is the re verse not notorious everywhere? Is it not notorious that they do not even permit them to do so but with difficulty ? And is it not the fact—a fact that sufficiently proves our position— that in Roman Catholic coun tries there is no book so scarce as the Bible even in a Romish dress ? We happened to meet with a Lutheran clergyman in the city of Frankfort on the Mayne in Germany, in the year 1837, who having a small patrimony of his own had spent many years in France, circulating De Sacy's Roman Catholic ver sion of the New Testament in that language, of which he had published a large edition chiefly at his own expense ; for he told us, what we had often heard before,' that it was the rarest thing possible to meet even with a Roman Catholic version of the Holy Scriptures in that country. So much then for the Chronicle and his challenge. Let him get dacently out of the Irish question if he can ! It is a puzzler, and no mistake. 