PUB.IC EI)UCATION. Prom the Sdney IRe'gister. D~uring tic cnsuing session tho ]Legislative Council will n-cessarily havc its attantion tdirected to tLhe im portant question of Public Educa tion. ''lie cxI)Cnccs of the existiw' schools wcill tlis year he defr'ayed out ot the Ordinary lRevenue, in the usual way, hut the Act of Parliament provides, that, for tlhe future, they shall be borne, by the District Cor porations; anit his Excellency the Governor has intimated, that the estiniates for the pulblic service will Dot henceforth embrace this iteuti. It. will he necessary, therefore, for the Legislature to cnact some law for the guidance of the District Councils in this important husitiess, otherwise, instead of any uniform anti elicient system of public Education, we shall probably have no system at all, but endless wrangling and confusion all over-thc torritory. -Tie education of the people of Xoew South' W'ales is undolubtedly. beset with dilficulties, in. whatever, why we view it. Theabsenbe gener ally of properly qualified teachers; arising firoui the paltry remunerationn of'tered~to them, anti the consequent low'position in society which pi?rsons so occupied hold;-tho sci?tteredi position of.ithe popuhpilatio i?,aiiiieir division into dilftern.nt~rclig'ions bodies, from which circumstance, tlhreo or iou i sch ools are riequd ii 0in .the same locality where one would otlher wise sufliec-the very'rcligious free domr which we eitjby,;.verey division claiming a'?aiiaarate -grantht" -of .thl public money-arcr one and ill. ob stacles to the establishnient ofood, iaational schools. •Yet we ought not to co|nclude that these obstacles are insurmountable. The object to be attained by a lropeio system of public education is too great at[ id l~rp9.1r:aDL.to, be-abanfldon5ed because of dilliculties and althoug?h it may bi? -at once conceded that no general s;teibi"of education culdl possiblyb he ini.entedd ?ihici'?vo'uld a't the out-et give fu'll 'saiitfction to the three oi' t'our Ieadidn divisiohs of Clii~ittiainsin our state; yiit dobe ma6t·follow thatiit is impossible to concoct a sys ienh,"vlhdi lwold answer', tdchwi?h:io' e!nds contemplated by all: ,t iscertainly, possible. to. devise: a; system which 'wi, ouhl be auniobjc'etion able, so far asits bbjects should ox tend.. ' ' . •'It Wvill be ad'mittod that edueation1 is on 'o f' tlhe i is t: and greatest wan ts of' peoploe 7the source oftheir glory. and prOspei[ty, tle base of their po litical existence. It is theretore one of the first duties of a goveinmcnt to. promotd'it, and to b'de ee.isolicitous. to naultiply its benefits. • Laws may be fonmed for tho organizatio'n'oof so. ciety, but education alorine can make that organization, lasting, 'inasmuclih as education alone can regulat ';the' ipopular wiill, by cons inciug, thel u'in". de'rstanding of the wisdom !aiid ad vantage of submittingio situch lw'S and mnaintaining them in their.pu|rity: 'Vo have recently been iintriusted: ivithVthe exercisu of ':the €lecve : " "" ranchise, .and Itree institutio ns.aie' tak'ing:root iu our soil; .:hlie donmihnh tion ot? thl ":iniajdoii ty,` or t-he? i-vox: papuli, 'will,? dot? btless, to5 a-o oelrtai n cx tent .pretailin i th is terrutitry.3 :At. this thought ;we r!,ejoicd::.'Stil 'it ist bI?t too fijnifesft:frtom theexer:?p?Hj iden of all:'nitions, thei t'reedboim,? it-h'Lt: without seme otlier safeguard th'an i popular- capri'ce, soon dc?'ea'enra'tes; into the iost hateful- tyranuy;: and: as we have none of those tfendaill patriarchal, or spiritual tieis w.ivhiub bound. men togeth?er in :forniemitiies we can only hope to triansxaitto'futu?b'e generations the frieedomn ,i i?hl weW boast, and which we seeok¢ai?hitfer -to, xtelnd, by confering onr ourt 3outha sound moral and intellectual ; dtu'?a2? tion. A badly educa;te:d:?Anmermii unl' toasts of his freedom, yt h'e'Aii'at8?, with the hatred of a fiend thqi man who will urge. him to emancipateolhis? negroes. An Australian 'farmehr: is ready to call aloud: forl "'-restrictive' duties" and "no taxation" in the annie breath. All this proceedsle in part froni selfishness, which can only co-eist ~with a dIepllorahle d egrce of ignorane. Iltis possibll enough for a man of erlucation to intertain such ideas, as it was possible for one of nuost learned men of the last century to write a treatti~c to prore that ineC were originally boru with tals, or for Dr. Johnsoa to live in dread of ghosts; but it is hairly 1,ossildo for an educated conrmiimunty to failI into such errors. WI'h~at \vide or englII't cried measures can ho expectcd to result ftrm ilhe stray of the majority, unless that mnjority is cirligh tencd 'by a proper course of mnoral lndL in tellectual education'? And what can be lookedl for friom the existitig system,' or rather the total absence of all s6sten, by which oeir youth arc allowed to grow up, either destitute ol all educati,,n, or only possessing hliat superficial smatteriug of know ledge, wih ich just enabl.s theni to exhibit tile coinihination of ignorance andl impudence which is already but too tiuch their characttristic? Anti ii" this is the case in popuIous towns, wvhiat shall we say of the rural popu lation, who are in nu bcrlryss in stances bevond the roach of intel lcciual imtprotement of any lind ? Under such a system the possession of political fratichlises would be al curse rather thtan a blessing; the constituenics would become the tools o" any class of interested politicans who. ti1igigt be ableo'to persuade" theem that any given measure vas. calcula t.ed for theii; temporary benefit. It is indeed but too plain tbhat this error has alre.oad!y;. previledi!.n sonie parts 6ftl' oluony; and' this could only have-oeuirred through popular igno rance. seeing', theretfore,and foreseeing suoh ,esu'l?s,,itis isihiperat.ive ion tho? goi e 'nnient and the legislature to se4 abottanh educational rel;orm without any.- furtherr: loss .of time; and to 'apply thiemsclvesat the.sanio time to thlu establishment of a system that sliall 5 ib linahi oiiy with the iwiiuits of" society, iinle t 4I' s'pi iti ofthle age. no. ordeir to aiccomlpliJ? this" obljeutl.'it: will be necessary, as we Ihave already renmarked,to otei ucnoie tmailny olis?au'lsI; Ihlu-'|'en ihu;r of thle I ;ci's'l'ative Loduneil ill ahii; deach hlis in'li'ideialuil: prujud'il'icdes (if'he posses pOs;?t:onS,?t6· ovui ule,i lanti .: this c. aceonipl ishiedf theje will be tile jarring interests out of:doors- to rseounilu. hIut all-th'is, .'though obrioufsly .:difficult , is not inipossible, if menmbers will only set about ?,he;thing :with, "e'arne'striness.-innd? goodf faithin discussilg: the: inm portant q?uestion uh " a vie, to .its• liedna, adj ustnient, c icy rbesi;put shouldl jbe'niaintaineOd fr :the con llihtin g hut consuientious ,pinions of tie parties iinietestcd'and no measure shoald be iatlopted whichi rwould exclude any ?numcrous class of colonists fiom its full and entire benefits. Ii e 'shial,' iii another ai-ticle; endeavour ,. to. shew--tbat a ,ttniform (comiprehensim-e system of-publi edOlu cation is'the only. system .that ca|| be eficient, and-that such aisystem' can be made consistent 'witls thea rights and principle's 'of all the reading parties of our state, .k"$ -?v -4. 