THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. WE give in this day's Chronicle an account of the ancient, noble, and impressive cere- mony of the consecration of our beloved pastor and friend, our late Vicar General, now Bishop of Adelaide, who will shortly depart from amongst us. To depict the character of such a cler- gyman to people in Sydney, were like "to gild refined gold, or paint the lily." In him we saw what the early teachers of nations were, whose lives were spent in pointing out the road to. heaven to their flocks, and ministering to their spiritual and temporal wants, forgetful of ease, recreation, or care of health; like them he lived but for the people whom he loved, and who loved him in return. His labours among us have termi- nated, and he can truly say with the Apostle, now as to us, bonum certamen certavi, cursum consummavi, fidem servavi. May happiness and peace ever wait upon his steps whither- soever they turn ! On Sunday, the 8th of September, the Right Rev. Dr. Francis Murphy, was solemnly conse- crated to the Episcopal oflice and functions of Bishop of Adelaide in the Metropolitan Church of St. Mary. This august ceremonial, practised from the earliest ages of christianity, in the ordina tion of bishops, and forming so interesting a portion of the Catholic ritual, in reference to the continual succession of her pastors, was performed in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, with a degree of splen dour latheto unknown in this colony, apd in the presence of a crowded and highly respectable assem bly, consisting partly of Protestants, attracted not only by the novelty of such a spectacle in the City of Sydney, butalso by the high reputation of the bishop elect, both in his own count ry and in New South Wales, To prevent confusion, none were admitted in the seats of tihe Cathedral, except by tickets; and consequently, the audience was in a great measure select. The, sacred edifice, and the adjacent square, were crowded long before the ap pointed hour, by well dressed pe,p le. The interior of the Cathedral and sanctuary were fitted up with much taste and elegonce, 'On the gospel side of the high altar, was erected a small chapel or altar, the front and sides of chrystal displayed to view the remains of St. Felicianust Martyr; on the altar weredisplayed the episcopal insignia of the bishop elect, consisting of the crosier, mitre, gloves, ring, &e.; A.richly carved and highly orna. monted faldiatorium, for the consecrator stood at the gospel aide of the altar. In the front were placed handsome seats, coveted with cloth of gold, for the assistant prelate, Rev. Mr. BM'Encroe, and the bishop elect. Facing each other, on either side, were the chairs and seats for the clergy and chaplains. At one extremity of the sanctuary, there stood a credence table, bearing the sacred vessels necessary for the celebration of high mass, and for performing the rite'of consecrhtion. r, At the appointed hour, the bishops' and clergy, having assembled at the adjoining presbytery, en tered the Cathedral in processional order. The service commenced as' soon as the procession had entered the iianctiary. The bishop elect, robed asa presbyler, in sacope of white silk, was intro. duced by the aseistant bishop, and: the Rev. Mr. M'Encroe acting assistant bishop, to the conse. crator, Archbishop. Polding, seated in full pontificals before the altar. Th'e assistant bishop then addressed the consecrattng bishop " Moat b This young martyr was, I the persecutlon of Dioc)estan, beheaded, together ith hits brother, at lImae, AD, 283. '?.he relies we la tely found in the catacotabs at eomne, with a vial cotarilling somes of the tmartyr's blood, a palu branch sculptured at hoe eutraaoo of the tomb, and a fragment of the atone bearing the inscriptlolt, "locus reltiaui." T'heas are low placed in the iehrlunwith the martyr's body, the muscular parts of v h?lh, destrdyed by time, have been artl ielally restored, so as to reprtaent the heroio youth widh the wound of the exerttioner a axe. 'the above has been duly authetaticated and certified by the proper eclesiastical ttu. hoe ity at Stowe, reverend father, our holy n other, the Catholic Church, reques'a that you will proiote this pres byter to the episcopal charge.' Upon this the latter inquired, " bare you the mandate of the apostolical 'see i" and answer being made irn the affirmative, he ordered the document to be read. The senior assistant bishop thereupon handed the brief to the Rev. C. jLovat (of Yass) one of the consecrator's chaplains, by whom it was read aloud ; after which, the bishop elect knelt down before the consecrating bishop, and with his hands upon the holy Gospels, promised to be faithful to the consti. tutions of the Catholic Church, and to obey its supreme head upon earth, the bishop of- Romo'aod his legllimate'successora. 'he bishop elect then retired to his seat between the trwo assistant prelates to be interrogated respecting the;principal teneas of the Catholic faith, and the most-important duties of a Christian bishop..' The examination which was conducted with great solemnity.by the Aicibishop, next proceeded, agreeably to. the Roman pantifical; the bishop elect rising at the end of every question, to express his assent, as required. Alter the examination, the bishop elect con. ducted by the assistant prelates'to the consecrator, knelt before hit, ;and reverently kissed his hand ; upon which the consecrator unasitred, turned to the altar with his assistants, and 'coma.ienced, as usual, the prayers of the mass, the bishop elect semaining at, his' lelt hand, Mhilst the assistant bishop, and chaplains, recited the Ccfiteor, at their seats. After the Gloriso, the consecrating; bishop pro. ceeded with the mass as far as the alleluis of the Gradual; when the bishop *elect, being conducted by the assistant-. bihop to his chapel, was there unrobed of the cope uy'the,acolytes, and invested with the sandals, pectoral cross; and stole. He was next vested with tunic, dalmatic, chasuule, and maniple; anod thus habited, proceeded to his altar, where assisted'on either na.nd by the bishops, ihe read the Liturgy, as far as the part already men.a tioned. Alter the Tract, the consecrating oisihop, uitred, resumed hisaseat so front of the altar, where the oiahop elect, uncovered, was again presented to him, attended by the assistant bishops, teo former making reverence, and the latter tc.inSing. ' Then, all having taken their seats as before, the cons,. crator thus addressed the bishop elect-" It is the duty of a bishop to judge, toainterpret, to coanscrate, to ordain, to make oblation, and to confirm." Having thus c6ncisely stated the duties of a bishop, he next invited all present to unite wl:h him in prayer, that in providence to the good of the Church, the beueficent Gud might bestow an ample par:ion of his grace. upon the newly elected bisnbp. The bishops then severally knelt down, as did also tae clergy in attendance; whilst the, bishop elect laid himself prostrate on his face, at the lest side of the consecrating bishop, and the litanies commenced. These beautiful supplications .were sung from the altar by the RIev. Messrs. Sumner and Young with exquisite taste and feeling, and were res.ounded to by the choir. Whilst tihe litanies were chauntiog, the conse crating bishop, assuming the pastoial staff, and turning towards the bishop elect, blessed him, at the same time offering up a. prayer in his behalf. He then took the book of the gospels, and with the assistance of the other bishops, silently placed it on the shoulders and neck of the bishop elect ; and in this manner it was supported, by assistant priests, until the traditions of the gospels, at a subsequent part of the ceremonial. Toe consecrating bishop, and the assistant prelates, then imposed bands on the head of the bishop elect, saying, " receive thou the holy Ghost;" after which, tbelArchbishop stand. ing uncovered, offered up this prayer i-" Be pro. pitious, O Lord, to our supplications, and opening to this thy servant, the abundance of priestly grace, pour forth upon him thy mighty working bene. diction." The site of consecration then proceeded, and the preface used upon such occasions was chaunted by the consecrating bishop, with a holy fervour and unction which appeared to produce a strong impression upon all present. Next followed the c?ns creator spiritus, after the first verse of which, the consecrating bishop, being mitred and seated, put off his ring and gloves; and the bishop elect, having his head bound with a fillet of lines, and kneeling, was anointed by the consecrator with the sacramental chrism, upon the crown of the bead, saying, " Be thy head anointed and conse crated by heavenly benediction, in the order of high priest." At the conclusion of the hymn,' the con secrating bishop rose from his seat before the altar, and being unmitred, continued the preface, praying, that he whose head had just been anointed with the holy chrism, might be abundantly endowed with all the graces and virtues proper to the- new dignitary to which he had been raised; that there .ight abound in him the constancy of faith, the purity of charity, and the single heartedness of peace; that as a faithful and provident servant over the house hold of God, he might distribute food in seasonable time, and watch over the floch committed to bis care; that he might be sleepless in solicitude' fervent in spirit, a bater of pride, a lover of hu. mility and truth, never at any time deserting them nor overcome by praises or by fearl; and that he might rule i in wisdom the church" and ihe flock especially entrested to. his charge.: At this part of the service, the 182nd psalm, eooe quam bonum, was chauntited by tli? cholt,' during': which, the conse criting bishop, anointed with clirlsni, the bands of the bishop elect, saynlog, " Be these hands anointed with the b!essed oil and chrism of consecration; as Samuel anointed David to be king and prophot, so be they annointed and consecrated." The hands of the new bishboip were thlen closed, spd placed within a linen hand, upoq which the consecrating bishop proceeded to bless the pastoral staff and ring, had then delivered them to the bishop elect1 along wtis the book of the gospels. After the tradition of the gospels, and the admis sioo of the blabop elect to thekisas of peace, the liturgy of the mass was reunined, and the gospe! of the day chaunted by the deacoo, the Rev. Mr. Bourgeois. The bishop of Hobart Town then ascended the pulpit, and delivered an eloq.ent discourse highly appropriate to the occasion, with that sauvity of manner and dignity for which the right reverend preacher is soeminently distinguished. this discourse, which we are unable at present to sub. join was partly expository and partly admonitory. He commenced by giving a rapid but masterly exposi. lion of tile rise and progresas of christianity.. He next proceeded to show the perils and sacrifices of those who devote themselves to pre.ch th~ gospel of peace-an exceedingly beautiful exposit!on through. out of Isaias, chap. 62, v. 7, 8, , 10, commenclng, " How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that briugeth'good tidings, and that preacheth peace," &e.;, and he concluded by addressing severally the bishop elect and the people, admon ishing each of their respective duties, and fervently imploring the blessing of heaven upon both. At the Offertory, the bishop :elect was accoms .snied to the h!sh: alter ,by hq. alsistant bishops4 and there kneeling 'made his offerings, which con. sisted of two lighted wax torches, two loaves, and two small barrels lof wine; all richly ornamented, and handed from one to the other of the acolytes with becoming grace. The consecratiog bishop, the bishJp elect, and the assistant bishops, now proceeded to the high altar, where the bishop elect, standing at the epistle' side, continued the mass along with the consecrating bishop. After this the consecrating bishop and bishop elect, both kissed the altar, the former giving peace to the bishop elect, and the latter again to the assistant bishops. At the communion of the con. secreting bishop, the bishop elect. partook of the same host and Iof the same chalice. . After the ab lution, the bishop elect moved to the gospel side of the altar, whero he continued the mass along with the consecrating bishop at the epistle side; and after the post.communion,, the consecrating bishop having solemnly blessed the assembly, sat down mitred in front of th1e altar, where the bishop elect kneeling before him he 'blessed, first the mitre, and then the gloves.' When this ceiemony had been concluded, the newly consecrated bishop was enthroned in the Episcopal chair, with 'the mitre on his head, the pastoral staff In his hand, a,d invested with all the insignia of his ofice ; upon which the consecrato r, bowing to the altar, commenced the Te Deim.' The spectacle, at this moment, was esceedingly solemn and imposinog; the bishops and clergy having arranged themselves on both sides, in the form of a coronal to which the variety and splendour of the vestments gave a most picturesque effect, whilst the centre figure of the group, arrayed.'in full pontifi cals, appeared in all the mild dignity of his high office as if he had descended from ahigher sphere to minister and rule in the .church upon earth. Shortly however the scene changed, and whilst the choir was still pealing forth the solemn Te Deum, the newly consecrated bishop rising from his chair, was led pontifically through the Cathedral and in his progress, blessed the people, all of whom seemed deeply interested and affected by this touching part of the ceremony. Returning to the sanctuary, the latter ascended to the middle of the altar, where, with his mitre on his head, and pastoral staff in his hand, he chaunted' the Episcopal form of benedic tion, and then turningg towards the people, thrice waved his hand over them in the form of a cross, saying " In the name of the Fither,and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;" after which the procession returned through the church to the entrance of the Cathedral; in the same order in which it had entered. O.e of the most striking features in, this cere monial was the music. This was entirely Gregorian. T'he mass performed was the favorite.with all lovers of plain chaunt ".De Angelis," and the hymns and anthems were those given in the Roman Poitifical. How appropriate in character these are, all who heard them will acknowledge. .They carry us back into those ages when faith was vigorous, and the service of God was looked upon as the first business of life. Such is the outline of tlhe ceremonial, which was conducted with splendour and effect. This account can convey only a faint idea of the reality, and still less of the impression which it appeared to produce upon all who witnessed it. Notwithstanding the length of the service, which commenced at eleven o'clock, and did not terminate till half-past three, no symptom of weariness or inattention manifested itself; and even Protestants, of whom there were several hundreds present, appeared to take almost as deep an interest in it as Catholics. The most perfect order and decorum prevailed throughout the service, there was no confusion although the Cathedral was as closely packed as it possibly could be, a great crowd remaining outside oiho were unable to obtain admittance, so great indeed that some few of our most distinguished per. sonages had to be received through the vestry door at the commencing of the service, who were seen making their way to their seats some behind the altar, others across a'portioo of the sanctuary, and little ones in their red hoods hastily tripping it in front of the archbishop's throne. No one during this lengthy ceremony evinced the slightest uneasiness or impatience, all were interested, and to all there fore time passed unperceived. at Surely it is a magnificent sight to witness these Ceremonies- this rite preserved through all the vi. cissitudes of time and empire-in their primitive accuracy i Surely it affords a subject of deep re flection to 'all, that in the uttermost pasts of the earth, a spiritual function of the hghest j arisdic tion should take place, as independent of the secular .authority as was the Consecration of the Apostles and of their disciples, under the sanction of an authority which'three hundred years have tried in valu to- proscribe and extinguish in our native land. ' Tte same authbiity which sanctioned the Consecratioin of'the' first 'prelate in that land, more than 1000 years sinice, now serictions the first Episcopal Consecritifi in Australia. Such is and meust be the power of duration,--of 'vitality,--of, unity,-of utirver?rility in the Church of God, and n that Churh loalsiee." . 