VARIETIES. The Valley of Mexico. — Conceive yourself placed on a mountain nearly two thousand feet above the valley, and nine thousand above the level of the sea. A sky above you of the most perfect azure, without a cloud, and an atmos- phere so transparently pure, that the re- motest objects at a distance of many leagues are as distinctly visible as if at hand. The gigantic scale of everything first strikes you — you seem to be looking down upon a world. No other moun- tain and valley view has such an assem- blage of features, because nowhere else are the mountains at the same time so high, the valley so wide, or filled with such variety of land and water. The plain beneath is exceedingly level, and for two hundred miles around it extends a barrier of stupendous mountains, most of which have been active volcanoes, and are now covered, some with snow, and some with forests. It is laced with large bodies of water looking more like seas than lakes — it is dotted with innumerable villages, and estates, and plantations ; eminences rise from it which, elsewhere, would be called mountains, yet there, at your feet, they seem but ant-hills on the plain ; and now, letting your eye follow the rise of the mountain to the west (near fifty miles distant) you look over the immediate summits that wall the valley, to another and more distant range beyond, with valleys between each, until the whole melts into a vapoury dis- tance, blue as the cloudless sky above you. I could have gazed for hours at this little world, while the sun and passing vapour chequered the fields, and sailing off again, left one bright mass of verdure and water — bringing out clearly the domes of the village churches, studding the plain or leaning against the first slopes of the mountains, with the huge lakes looming larger in the ratified atmos- phere. Yet one thing was wanting. — Over the immense expanse there seemed scarce an evidence of life. There were no figures in the picture. It lay torpid in the sunlight, like some deserted region where Nature was again beginning to as- sert her empire — vast, solitary, and me- lancholy. There were no sailsnils — no steamers on the lakes, no smoke over the village, no people at labour in the fields, no horsemen, no coaches, or travellers, but ourselves. The silence was almost supernatural ; one expects to hear the echo of the national strife that filled these plains with disorder, yet lingering among the hills. It was a picture of " still life " inanimate in every feature, save where, on the distant mountain sides, the fire of some poor coal-burner, mingled its blue wreath with the bluer sky, or the tinkle of the bell of a solitary muleteer was heard from among the dark and solemn pines. — Mayer's Mexico. The Value of a Habit of Industry. — A habit of industry is one of the chief helps to the formation of moral character, but it is not, and never can become mo- rality itself. The boy who works steadily at his task not only keeps out of the way of temptation, but, in accustoming him- self to master his natural inclination to idleness, learns something of the method by which all other inclinations must be ruled. But the degree is which he actu- ally employs that method, or whether he employs it all for a moral end, will de- pend, upon what he is taught to give morality, for its own take, and what he is taught to trace between it and its ap- plication to his school lessons. Teach him that diligence is a duty, and his morality will grew in proportion to his diligence, but not else. Dr. Johnson's notion of the Way "of getting a Boy forward in his Learning" —"I would let him, at first, read any English book that happens to engage his attention, because you have done a great deal when yon have brought him to have entertainment from a book. He'll get better books afterwards." Again — " I would put a child into a library (where no unfit books are), and let him read at his choice. A child should not be dis- couraged from reading anything he takes a liking to, from a notion that it is above his reach. If that be the case, the child will soon find it out and desist : if not, he of course gains the instruction, which is so much the more likely to come from the inclination with which he takes up the study." Rustic Simplicity. — During the panic of 1825, a man, who had long attended the Bristol market as a vender of vegeta- bles, walked into Stuckey's banking- house on the [??] ,and making her way to the cashier's desk, thus addressed Mr. M———t " How d'ye do sir ? I hope you be charming. I've got a bit of a favor to ax you. They [??] tell I that things be agoing on but quer[??] like up in Lunnon, and it so happens that I've saved a five pound bank o' Enland note, and I should be 'bliged to ye if so be a how you'd be so kind as to give me gold for it. " " My good woman," replied the cashier, " I'm sorry I can't do what you ask. We are not in the habit of giving change to strangers." " Lord love 'e, I 'aint a stranger; I've served Madam M——— wi' garden stuff for many a long day . She do know I pretty well I should think ; or she wouldn't have ax'd me to find out a decentish wholesome young woman to nurse your last dear beautiful babby. So now you do know all about ; and I'm bound won't refuse to give change for this nice clean-looking Lunnon bank note. " " I tell you again I cannot," was some- what snappishly replied ; "I'm too busy to listen to you just now, so it's no use your staying." " I ax pardon, sir, but I won't keep 'e a minute ; if Madam was here, she'd get it for me in less than no time ; she said only last Saturday as ever was, she never tasted such beautiful gold runnets as the lot I was pleased to sell her the week afore." The cashier evinced strong symptoms of impatience ; these were not lost upon the applicant, who, in a most winning tone resumed — " Well, now, I'll tell 'e what — since you won't give I gold, may be you'll be so uncom- mon kind as to change this here Bank o' England for one of your own notes of the same valley ? I'd a precious sight rather have that, 'cause I do know there be no fear of o' your breaking all to bits, though they do say a mortal sight o' banks have done so lately." " Certainly ma'am, " blandly responded Mr. M.———t, " I'll do that with a great deal of plea- sure." The proposed exchange was made. " Thank'e kindly, sir ; you be as civil a spoken gentleman as a body may wish to meet, and sartin sure I'll tell Madame so the next time she do come to my standing." Thinking the business concluded to the mutual satisfaction of the parties, the cashier turned on his heel, and was about to ensconce himself behind his desk, when the dealer in greens sud- denly checked his progress by audibly reading—" Promise to pay five pounds on demand." Oh ! ye do, do ye ? Then I say, Mr. M— — — , I don't mean no offence, nor to say anything unpleasant like ; but I'm hanged if I don't have gold now, or I'll stick myself up at the door, and cry out, " The bank be stopped ! " Need we say this unsophisticated child of nature carried her point ? Chambers. The Late M. Lafitte. — The Presse pays the following tribute of praise to the memory of M. Lafitte : — " Lafitte was the son of a carpenter of Bayonne, and from being a simple clerk in the house of Perregaux, came first a partner in, and afterwards the chief of the firm, and was successively named (as early as 1809) Regent, and later Governor, of the Bank of France, member of the Commercial Tribunal of Paris, and President of the Chamber of Commerce. We cannot for- get, that M. Lafitte did not hesitate at the time of the first occupation of Paris in 1814, to propose to the heads of the bank, assembled at the Hotel de Ville, to pay, by means of a voluntary subscrip- tion, which the state should reimburse when it could, the war contribution about to be levied on Paris, and was the first to sign the resolution. We cannot either forget that after the capitulation of Paris in 1815, when the soldiers imagined that they had been betrayed, when the army was left without bread, for want of funds in the treasury, and the capital menanced wifthcivil war, M. Lafitte came forward and lent 2,000,000 f. to the city without requiring any guarantee; we cannot forget either, that at the period of the commercial crisis, which occurred in 1818, M. Lafitte evinced for the third time the same generosity, which never suffered an occasion of manifesting itself to escape. Thus, when France adopted the children of General Foy, M. Lafitte was the first to set his name down for 50,000 francs. A member of the cham- ber of Representatives during the hun- dred days, elected in 1816 Deputy for Paris, everybody knows the political course he followed, and influence he ex- ercised under the Restoration. China—We hear that the expedition in China is to be considerably reduced. Among the movements for that purpose the following are reported. The Castor goes to Whampoa to relieve the Volve- rine which in its turn will take the place of the Serpent at Amoy. The Serpent will proceed to Singapore where it is said she will join an expedition to Coti in Borneo consisting of the Dido and two Steamers, who will demand a liberation of the British subjects understood to be detained in captivity there and that res- pect shall in all time coming be paid to the British flag. The Cambrain may be expected here in a few days on her way to Trincomalé — Admiral Sir Thomas Cochrane will be the Commander in Chief in the China Seas from Acheen Northward. Nose Pulling. — Talking of pulling noses puts me in mind of Captain Poynx; he had his nose pulled at the Shakspeare Tavern the other night, and, instead of resenting the affront as a man of honour, he came to me to ask how he could best put up with it. " Why, sir," said I, " soap your nose the next time, you go into company, and the pullers will slip their hold." Napoleon at the Battle of Wagram. — As the feeble remnant of our regiment was formed in line, only fifteen yards be- hind where he had stationed himself, I was several hours enabled to observe the man who then wielded the destinies of Europe in his own grasp. He was sur- rounded by a numerous staff and at- tended by ten or twelve orderly officers, who, drew up in line, stood motionless within reach of his voice. On the right were the guards in close column, and with ordered arms ; their artillery was on their right. As we were nearest the Emperor, we looked upon ourselves as his personal guard upon the occasion. — He wore, as usual, his grey coat over the plain uniform of the chasseurs of his guard ; rode a small white Arabian, and held a light riding whip in his hand. — His face, while we could observe him, betrayed none of the emotions he might be supposed to feel at such a time, but seemed perfectly calm and collected. — He listened quietly and attentively to the reports brought him, and issued all his directions in a similar manner. If he had an order to send, he called loudly Officer d'Ordonnance ; when the orderly officer who happened to be on the right of the line instantly came forward as first for duty. Having given his orders in a slow and deliberate manner, the Emperor ad- ded, Repetz. If an officer had not seized the exact meaning of the words, he repeated them over again, adding, as be- fore, Repetez : if satisfied that their im- port was fully understood, he briefly said, Allez, and the officer instantly started off at the best speed he could command. That under the empire French horseman- ship was as indifferent as ungraceful is sufficiently well known to all who recol- lect the French cavalry of the period. By degrees our station ceased to be secure ; from the first, and as long as the battle, though raging fiercely along the whole line, had remained stationery, we had re- ceived an occasional shot from the bat- teries near Wagram, which lay exactly in our front. The success of the Austrian right wing, however, brought us shot from the left ; and they continued to advance even from the very rear. Several shots struck among the guard and round the ground on which the Emperor was sta- tioned ; but he never moved from a post whence he had the whole battle scene spread out like a panorama before him. He was, indeed, as little disturbed by the reports from his marshals as by the shot of the enemy ; the news that " the Aus- trians had turned the left wing of the army, " that they " had defeated the corps stationed to protect the bridges, " seemed to make little impression on him ; though it greatly disquieted the officers of his staff. Only once I observed a striking change in his manner. He had desired an orderly officer to " bring up the sixty pieces of light artillery of the guard, and the forty extra pieces of the same corps;" and as they did not immediately arrive, he rode impatiently along our front, strik- ing his boot with the riding whip, and re- peatedly taking snuff. — Fraser. Estimate of a Wife. — I hate a dull, melancholy, moping thing ; I could not have existed in the same house with such a thing for a single month. The mopers are, too, all giggle at other times ; the gaiety is for others, and the moping for the husband, to comfort him (happy man !) when he is alone ; plenty of smiles and badinage for others, and for him to participate with others, but the moping is reserved exclusively for him. One hour she is capering about, as if re- hearsing a jig ; and the next, sighing to the motion of a lazy needle, or weeping over a novel : and this is called senti- ment ! — music ! Indeed, give me a mo- ther singing to her clean, and fat, and rosy baby, and making the house ring with her extravagant and hyperbolical encomiums on it. That is the music which is " the food of love ;" and not the formal, pedantic noises, an affectation of skill which now-a-days is the ruin of half the young couples in the middle rank of life. Let any man observe, as I so fre- quently have with delight, the excessive fondness of the Labouring people for their children. Let him observe with what pride they dress out on a Sunday, with means deducted from their own scanty meals. Let him observe the husband, who has toiled all the week like a horse, nursing the baby while the wife is pre- paring the bit of dinner. Let him observe them both abstaining from a sufficiency least the children should feel the pinch- ings of hunger. Let him observe, in short, the whole of the demeanour, the real mutual affection evinced, not in words, but in unequivocal deeds. Let him observe these things, and having then cast a look at the lives of the great and wealthy, he will say with me that when a mam is choosing a partner for life, the dread of poverty ought to be cast to the winds. A labourer's cottage on a Sunday, the husband or wife having a baby in arms, looking at two or three older ones playing between the flower borders, going from the wicket to the door,is according to my taste, the most interesting object to be beheld in no country on earth but England.— Cobbett's advice to Young Men. Fashionable Intelligence.— The prac- tice of fitting up residences in the Italian style has been followed by Mr. Timkins, the Common Law Clerk in the respecta- ble office of Slash and Sellemoff. Mr. Timkins having heard much of the splen- did palaces at Venice, has aimed at ren- dering his appartment as Venetian as possible, and has already covered the floor with some Venetian carpeting. The Window is fitted with a Venetian blind ; and in order that the Italian cha- racter may be as much as possible preser- ved, he has placed an Italian iron over the chimney piece. — Punch. The Opium Eater. — It was a bright and sunny morning in July, the streets of Constantinople were replete with life ; the voice of the muezzin from the watch- tower calling the faithful to the perform- ance of their morning prayer, had hard- ly died away on the breeze, when a figure stole through the streets, with a weak, shuffling and uneasy gait, as though fearful of being noticed. The man, or rather the remains of what had once been a man, was clad in a poor, nay almost beggarly habit ; his turban disar- ranged, the folds hanging loosely and in disorder ; his sash was bound heedlessly round his body, and his breeches untied at the knee hung loosely down his shrunk- en legs. If his dress was unprepossessing, how much more so was the appearance of his person. His legs, as we said before, were shrivelled, and the knees seemed unable to bear the weight even of the emaciated body they had to support. The face was that rather of an animated corpse than of a living being. The eyes were hollow and sunk in the sockets and ap- peared stale, leaden and inanimate ; the lips which were pinched up and colour- less, were quivering involuntarily from the contraction of the muscles of the face, and were parched to cracking. His mouth was half open as if gasping for the breath of life, disclosing his teeth black and bared to the sockets, and his gums shrivelled and colourless. As he passed, all shunned him, for he was well known, and the fearful infatuation which had caused him gradually to destroy his mental energies, and even undermine life itself, was known likewise. It was Yusef, the opium eater, an object of scorn, yet of pity, to all Constantinople. Slowly he crept along, until at length the opium shop appears in sight, his eyes are for an instant lit up at the sight, and he quickens his steps though with pain. " Allah Kerim, God is merciful " he ex- claims, as reaching the shop he throws himself on a couch. The waiters know him, and on his arrival two small lozenges each containing half a drachm of opium, are presented to him, these he swallows with avidity, and throwing himself back upon the couch, he awaits the ope- ration of the dose, which is " to translate him to the seventh heaven." Mark the change which in a few minutestakes place in him. The dull languid eye is lit up by a supernatural fire and rolls wildly. The muscles of the face gradu- ally loosen, and a smile plays upon the lips ; a hectic tinge suffuses the cheek ; —a giant's strength seems to be given to the unhappy man ; and visions of Paradise and happiness complete, float around him. Thus he lies, occasionally exclaim- ing " Allah ackbar, God is great ; whose dog am I that I should be in bliss," till drowsiness and stupor follow ; for he is an old opium eater, and plays no mad tricks, and has no bursts of enthusiastic wildness, such as novices in the luxury exhibit after their doses. Torpid and inanimate he remains till the poison has had its effect ; but oh, the misery to waken into the misery of life, after the bright visions, which the intoxicating root has brought, — to waken again to headache, tremor, debility, delirium, convulsions, and ultimately to death. This is the life of the opium eater, until the pernicious luxury gradually destroys all energy both mental and corporeal, and premature old age coming upon him, sinks him into the grave unpitied and unmourned. A Liverpool Merchant— In 1830 the transactions of Mr. Brown's house amounted to £10,000,000. In 1837 the American banks, all over the Union, went down one after another, and many together, almost with a universal crash. They fell, and their fall involved the Messrs. Brown. The latter were not crushed, but they were bruised. Ame- rican commerce was at that time a tower- ing pile in course of erection; bank credit was the scaffolding. It fell, and the Browns were not far from being smo- thered in the rubbish. Had they pos- sessed less than the strength of giants they could not have extricated them selves; and, giants as they were, they would have struggled in vain had not a powerful hand assisted them. The British Government saw, the struggle of this gigantic establishment. From In verness to Penzance there was not a sin- gle town but what would have felt its fall. In Sheffield and Birmingham, and the towns surrounding them and in Man- chester, Leeds, and all the great factory communities, a large number of the mer chants and employers, and as a matter of course, every man and woman employed, were less or more involved in the fate of this establishment. The Government of that day saw the imminent peril, and so did the Directors of the Bank of Eng- land; the latter met and passed a resolu-- tion to assist, Mr. Brown to the extent of two millions. The exact sum which he was authorised to draw— a loan of money to an individual unparalleled in the his- tory of the world — was 1,969,000. Or this loan he took advantage to the extent of between eight and nine hundred thousand pounds, which he has since re- paid, besides clearing off all other em- barrassments. What Mr. Brown's per- sonal fortune may be now it is not neces sary to inquire. It is ample— probably not less than the sum which he was authorised to borrow from the Bank of England in 1837, probably more.— Chronicle. An Incident in Chinhae. — Orders had been issued by the Admiral to examine, all junks leaving the city, in order to prevent them from carrying away plun- der. One of these had just been examined without finding anything of value on board, when it occurred that something might be concealed in the after locker, a sort of cupboard of moderate size. On opening this sanctum, it appeared to contain what looked like the dead body of a female, recently put into it, well dressed, and judging from her handsome shoes and small feet, a person of some importance. This looked a very strange affair, but as no one could speak a word of the language, it was impossible to in- quire into it. However it appeared a ca- pital opportunity to examine the nature of a Chinese lady's foot, the men were ordered to lift the body out and this appeared likely to be no easy matter, so closely did it seem to be jammed in. But the moment the Jacks laid hold of the shoulders, a tremendous scream issued forth, as if a ghost had suddenly been en- dowed with some unearthly voice, and tried to frighten them out of all proprie- ty. The poor thing had only shammed being dead, in order, as she thought to escape detection. She was now very gently lifted out, and not without some difficulty, being half dead with fright and and confinement. In the bottom of the lockcr beneath her was found a bag of money, with which she had evidently at- tempted to escape. She was, of course, allowed to go away without further mo- lestation, boat and all. But this little event afforded infinite amusement after- wards, when told with a little pardonable embellishment. — Voyage of the Nemesis. A Card to the House of Commons. — The German Siffleur presents his compli- ments to Members of the House of Com- mons, and begs to call the attention to the following, quoted from the Times, in its report of the debate on the Factory Bill : — Mr. Collett and Mr. Hardy rose to speak, when the " noise was beyond description — cock crowing, cat mewing, and similar discordant noises came loud and strong from each side or the House." The German Shifficur has heard from a private friend that, though these imita- tions were very credible to honourable members, they were, nevertheless, not perfect. He therefore takes the liberty of informing them, that he will, in two lessons, so instruct Memhers of Parlia- ment to bray like an ass, or gaggle like a goose, that even their dearest relatives shall not in any particular know them from the original.— Punch. Caoutchouc. — On the 22nd Decem- cember last, Lieutenant George Walter, half-pay, Royal Marines, had the honour to lay before the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, specimens of his manu- facture of planks (being a mechanical combination of caoutchouc and cork in a dry state) for the upper works of steam boats and men of war which from its lightness will give much buoyancy, in- crease the room for the stowage of coals, and prevent splinters from cannon shot. For paddle-box boats it is particularly desirable, as preventing them from being bilged or sunk under any circumstances. Mr. Walter is nosr laying down a con- siderable space with his stable pavement in Her Majesty 's Dockyard at Woolwich prior to the Admiralty Court-yard, Whitehall, being paved with the same material. — Post. The Royal Fugitive. — On Buona- parte's reaching the Saxon frontier, on his return from the Russian campaign, he inquired whether many fugitives had been seen there ; and received for an- swer, " No, sire, you are the first." Latent Insanity. — It many cases the experienced eye of the medical practi- tioner may be able to detect the existence of latent insanity. In such instances the patient evinces no evident indication of any irregularity of mind. His dearest friends and constant companions per- ceive no alteration in manner sufficient to excite a suspicion of insanity. Occas- ionally the patient may manifest a stran-- geness and oddity of conduct, which is, however, but little noticed. The indivi- dual may, notwithstanding, be suffering from the incipient symptoms of derange- ment. He has not altogether lost all power of controlling his feelings or ideas; an internal struggle may be going on be- tween what he knows to be a fact, and the false conceptions which almost like an avalanche are forcing themselves upon the mind. None but those who have gone through this dreadful ordeal can form an accurate notion of the mental agony, which a person so unhappily situated ex- periences ! Dr. Darwin relates the case of a most elegant lady who suddenly became melancholy. She retained, how- ever, to great a command over herself, that she was enable to do the honours of her table with grace and apparent ease. After many days' entreaty, she informed her physician that she thought her mar- rying her husband had made him un- happy (though it was a love match on both sides,) and this idea she could not efface from her mind night or day. The Reforme Paris paper publishes the following statistics of misery existing in France: — "Of nearly 33,000,000 persons, there are 27,000,000 why do not drink wine — there are 31,000,000 who never taste sugar — there are 20,000,000 who never wear any shoes — there are 31,000,000 who never eat any meat — there are 18,000,000 who never eat wheaten bread—and, finally, there are 4,000,000 clothed in tags. 