THE MARCH OF CIVILIZATION, OB NEWS FROM AUSTRALIA. [FftOM TEE ILLUMINATED MAGAZINE.£ Far tn the East, where one Aurora's smiles Looked on ea archipelago of isles ; And coral banks uprear'd their glittering forms. Like spots of azure in a sky of storms ; Where many a ship has sail'd the foamy brine, Sits a vast continent upon the Line ; Back from her strand the troubled ocean rolls, And points with eager fingers to the Poles ! T. E. HEBTEV. THIS title have we given to sundry speculations J that have been suggested by a file of recent Sydney papers, which have just (as they say in Change Alley) come to hand. If the refine- ments, elegancies, and growing tastes of a people are evidence of civilization, ample proofs are afforded of it hy these broad sheets ; and if it be equally true that the progress of so- ciety may be traced by its darker attributes the deep shadings of vice and depravity-as the correctest outlines of the human countenance are traced by the shadow of its profile-we have, hy the same medium, " confirmation strong,'* A newspaper is at all times an epitome of life. The joys, sorrows, pangs, and pleasantries of human ualure are there crowded in one pic- ture. The same Gazette records the prosperity of one, and the bankruptcy of another ; the " ups" of the favorite of Fortune, and the " downs" of her rejected. True, it is the re- flection which it casts of human life and human destiny. There is scarcely a line between '* births" and 44 deaths," and " marriage?" seem only a connecting link between the two. The same page that records the struggle of an em- pire, details the catastrophe of a convicted thief. True to lifo, a newspaper, like the day of its publication, slips through our fingers, and becomes, in the words of dear old Jeremy Tay or, of " the portion of weeds and worn out faces," without one event c'inging to our me- mory, or escaping from all absorbing oblivion. Newspapers, like the days of which they are the «' brief chroniclers," become of the past, before we are fully conscious that they are pre- sent ; and so will it be until both shall have an end, for when there will be no future, the past will iu ed no historian. Put away the musty totnes, « h, philosophe» ! a.'.d aba a don thy her tiiiiagp ; -if th ti wouldst study man in all the wondrous intricacies of his nature-if thou would*! read the chart of life aright-go to the newspaper- there is in ils varied columns mat- ter enough for the profoundest of thy specula- tions-tooti sufficient for thy hungriest cravings imo the origin of good and evil. Lively, howe« er, are the suggestions afforded 1>V a fi e of pipers from a rising colony, com- bining, aa the worthy folks who manufacture tlie Penny Magazine profess to do, " amuse ment wi:h edification." There is a jumble ol the very stalest with the " very latest" news, which has a striking and yet perplexing effect. Bul (hen, the wants, vanities, and allurements of life, as they are so happily displayed in the columns of the advertisements, suggests but little if any difference to the broad sheet* of our own native journals. There is unfortunately the s "une prolific crop of <( accidents and of ff-nres," and " coi oners' inquests," which inva riahly meet our eyes in the newspapers at home -conveying the wholesome tru hs that crime atid soi row, whether they travel at home or abroad, generally g<i hand ia hand, or, if not, thai thr>y tread very closely on each other's footstep-.; -.* police'' reports are by no means supplied with a thrifty hand, and "law cases" a>e just as dry and uninteresting as if they came direct Inn.' West, m in «.ter Hall. Thus we may go o«» quietly skimming over the columns under the delusion that we are reading our accustomed morning paper, until the delusion is dispelled hy h 'm" «»ut uf the way expression of, or relating t»», i'on gang chains," or " ticket of leave men," an«) are transported to Botony Bay at the tate of fi ff eeo thousand mites a second. Thus, too, under the head of " Latest News" we are taken in with an extraordinary event which had happened some teu or twelve months previously. For instance, in the papéis before us are tite novel and interesting facts respecting the christening of the Prince of Wales, given as if they ha«t ot-cuned only the day before yesterday. This is a new method of embalm ment. Tlie news to ns of the baptism of the y-iuig heir lo the throne is just as much ma ter of history a«s is that of Edward the Black Ptiwce. j Ti:ere is another provoking characteristic of a c !<>nia! newspaper. Madeira is said to be in.proved by a voyage to the East Indies, and l*y il.e baute tu'e, we presume, wit is ai MI the 'it«:.er foi being sent on his travels! Some !<-ie, perhaps, which our lively friend Punch has given hirth to, ami which the '* Thunderer" of Printing H;>n«se Square really thinks good enough foi his columns, asininities (he town tome morning, pierces the dull heart of -he City, anti sheds its momentary ray of life oa the care-worn faces on 'Change, or eveu circulates iiriskly through the equally dense atmosphere of Westminster Hail. The same afternoon it j shines like a constellation in the misty duiness of tiie evening papers ; theil illumine* the awful darkness of a twice or thrice a week paper, and after undergoing that rdeal, without actual e< aporHiioo, it sh oe* foi th again iii all the lustre that the Sunday papers can bestow. Then it takes its c«»u se, f:ee gratis for nothing,'* through ide provinces, and not a country paper btil what lintis a no »k for our old acquaintance. When at Ust it has rt.u its tac*1-wbeii all the paers, metropolitan ati<> provincial, have succès stveiv pr en seil i< nto their sei vic«3, and the worn and ttirendhttie joke is quietly *' laid," uever, as we lon.lly imagine, to visit u* again-lo, and behold ! from the columns of situe colonial newspaper, some «¡ghi or ten months after, we behold its venerable but intiusive face, smirkiug i ke its iittiiiesake Old Joe-as he was wont to unióte his Chi is tina* audiences, already grinning io anticipation-with "here I am, you see!" Bewildered at the apparition of your ancient enemy, which, in the weakness of our judgment, thought-like the Cork Lane ghost-was laid for ever, we pron h .with' the persecuted Frenchman-" Begar, hete's Monsieur Tonson cone again/' j There are few things that give us a better idea nf th wants, tastes, and pursuits of a people, than those humide but faithful reflections, the advertisements in their domestic journal*. We are supplied with a fund of thought aud preg- nant fancy, by some of those before us. At random, we will take a glance. The first that meets our eve are some cabalistic signs of Ma- sonry :-«* Brothers H. Watts and A. Copen" inform all the world, and the Masonic part in particular. " the lodges of 548 and 260 dine together," on a day there mentioned-"tickets five and twenty shillings each !" What greater proof, we should like to know, would you re- quire of the " march of civilization," than that people living from fifteen to seventeen thousand miles apart from us, can give one pound five for their dinner ? This beats the Crown and Anchor; and the Freemasons' Tavern must look to it ! But what proof, exclaims some dyspeptic reader, is the price whic'» a gourmand pays for his dinner of the advancement of the mind ? The proper estimation of a good dinner we hold to be a good proof of hi gb civilization. But if you must have purely intellectual enjoy- ments, here is for you : -" A vocal and instru- mental concert, under the patronage of Lady Gipps, who has signified her intention of being present." Yes, lady Gipps is to be there - and there's not the slightest occasion for your elevating your eyebrows in that incredulous manner!-and she is a bona file lady, au im- portation of aristocracy from the mother couti try (the only imports, hy the way, they have not a glut of just at present), and will most likely give herself, as all lady patronesses generally do, as many airs as the singers give the audience. Only listen to the " programme," - nothing but Italian music goes down with the currency lasses. English, we have no doubt, is voted there as low as we hear it is in Park Lane or Belgrave Square " Ovetture- La Gzzau ! Ladin," which in Sydney pasees for " choice italian," and stands godfather for " La Gazza Ladra.11 «« Cavatina-* Vivi tu,' Miss Wal- lace." Rubini will fiud nothing to astonish the natives with, should he ever pay a visit to New South Wales; and even Costa is a familiar name with them ! Nor do the fashionables of Sydney content themselves with one of the Fine Arts-the «o taries of Terpsichore are equally aspiring. Thus, on Thursday the 24th of May," being the anniversary of our most Gracious Queen Victoria" (we are glad to think, with the Pacific rolling between us and our Sydney brother sub- jects, that the Queen's birthday is not forgotten), " a fancy dress ball" was to be given ** itt com- memoration of the auspicious event." A *' pro fessional gentleman" (we wonder which profes sion, law, physic, or divinity ?) wa< lo attend as master of the ceremonies -the whole under the superintendence of Mr Sippe." AU honor to Mr Sippe ! *. Single tickets one guinea each ;" but mark the gallantry of the economical arrangement that follows:-*'double tickets to admit a lady and gentleman, one pound eleven shillings and sixpence ?" What a delicate compliment to the sex- taking them in at half price ! What an encouragement to the m irried gentry to show aMiltle of their former gallantry to their wives! And what a severe rub to the old bachelors, making them pay just five shil lings and threepence more in proportion for their privilege of single blessedness-twenty five per cent, according to Cocker ! As an adjunct to this advertisement, we find another, which runs : - «' Cock'd Hats ! ! !" (The triple notes of admiration are faithfully transcribed.) ?* A few superior Loudon made cock'd hats may be had at J. G. Maelzer's, George street." We trust for the sake of the enterprising im- porter, that the beavers, being well cock'd did not fail to go off! Convivially is also on the rise, another proof of the stride of civilization ! ** The independent order of Odd Fellows are requested to meet al the lodge, on business of importance." IV hal business of importance can Odd Fellows have, we wonder ? Nothing less stupendous, than brother J oilman smutting brother Higginhottotn's face with a burnt cork, or brother Doleful putting a little pepper in his neighbour's rappee. Be this as it may, if we ever go (or what i* more likely, ii we are ever sent) to Botany j Bay, we shall give the lodge of Odd Fellow a j look in, and claim admittance as an honoiary i member ! i 