The Australian of February the 15;h, contains an extract from the report of the Colonial Land and Emigration commissioners. dated August tlie 23d, 1843. The statistics are valuable, but the attempt to deduce general results Jrom them, as if men were machinery and colonies machines, is •of course a failure. Ireland complains that an English legislature within ten hours of Tier cannot understand her wants or legislate for lier peculiarities. Every country, nay, every town of consequence has a legislature of its own to attend to its local interests, to adjudicate on its IochI peculiarities The Australian colonies differing in climate, constitution, and all ihe diversified element which compose a new country are all reduced to a system. The Board is a bed ol Procruslites, long or short, large or small, free or penal, they must ell fit that. The minimum price is t:io great a pet to be lightly relinquished, and thus, though the Board U compelled to acknowledge that the sales even then hat) ilecieased to less than £20,000 (since then they are still fartln'r reduced) yet it is attributed to anv and every but the right cause, that land is not worth the money. But so h tvill ever be. lie must hive been the rhairman of a Board who said that ' facts were things invented by the devil to overthrow theories.' We must allow, however, that theorists in general have pluck enough, end while it is, possible will resist facts to the last. The unhappy colonies are nt present like the miserable wretch who under ihe old laws endured the punishment of peine dure el forte under the pressure of a Board re-* laxed notv and again and then loaded heavier than ever. The stronger colonies may bear this and survive, but with the additional weight of prison discipline pvobalionism and convictism, unhappy Van Diemen's Land must soon give up the ghost as a colony, to become a gaol. The Courier has honored us with rather more than its usual vituperation this week. It rings all the changes of its usual Billingsgate. Pity it never attempts to prove its al.egations, or even adduce a tangible instance of mis- statement. Thus it admits tacitly our truth by never contradicting us farther than by calling us a liar; but this with hireling, &c.; are mere tropes and figures from the overflowings of its worthy proprietor's imagination, whom we cannot blame forjudging of others by himself, as a great moralist has told us it is the only mode by ® !>ie!i one man can judge of another. It is however a dangerous as it is generally a false-criterion. Thus he savs we were the hired delamfrs of Captain Forster, Hirer! quotha! Who hired us? what was our price? and how or when did we earn it? We did say that Captain Forster could not properly fulfil the ditties of Director General of Convicts and Chief Police Magistrate at the same time. Will the Courier say he could? Psha! Hired indeed! And if we were, should the Courier take us to task! when the unhappy proprietor is every day revelling in kicks, if not in crowns, and kicks *we have high authority for knowing are the prices of some men. The disinterested proprietor too is waxing patriotic, and considers it suicidal that the colonists should support us! who will not consider robbing a coach a frolic, nor that tlie materials for a good joke are furnished by beating up and robbing the settlers, diversified with an occasional inlet lude of tying them back to back in the hush, and frying a poor woman to make her discover her money. Depletion has effected so great a change upon his views that he would disinterestedly apply it to us, but he mistakes our case. 