CORNWALL CnisONICLE, COMMERCIAL, AGHICULITRAL, AND NAVAL REGISTER. lav a c j: stok .? SATURDAY UVKNINC, SEPT. 14, 1844. ' Let it be ini|irc«ied upon your minds, let it be iiMilkd into your children, that the LiBEurv of tuf. Putts is the palladium of all the civil, political, and religious rights ul all lCnglUhnian.' JuMcv. ' Liberty with danger is to U prelencd to slavery with secuiity.' Salliht. THE LAUNCESTON PATRIOTS. At so inauspicious a period of our Colonial liislory as (he present, it is impossible (o conceive anything more | truly gratifying tlian the exhibition of public spirit and Hrilisb heroism, so magnanimously advertised to tukc place at (he Infant School Koom, in ! the Insurance Company's newspaper of Wednesday last. We are bound i to say, that a circumstance, belter de- I serving of unirersal aiiiliiralion and ? regard has not occurred within the ' memory ol man. Could we find Ian- ' gunge commensurate to our own indi vidual conceptions of the subject, what majesty of diction should be ours ! As, however, we cannot hope to a tin in anything at ull approximating to so dcsinible a consummation, and as it nevertheless becomes us to make the nearest possible approach to per fection, upon an occasion so truly in teresting, we call upon the whole Colony — nay, the whole world ! — to attend, whilst we endeavour to describe the circumstance whereby our admi ration is excited. As the Insurance Company's newspaper possesses no circulation in this country, we feel bound to explain, that there appeared ltisl Wednesday in its columns, an advertisement, calling a genera! meet ing of the ' cjiguc,' to be hc.lden the succeeding Friday, for the purpose of petitioning the Home Government on the subject of the ' late French ag gressions at Tahtli.' What will our readers say to this! and, moreover, what will our rulers s-ay! Mill not the House of Commons forward to the illustrious and right rev. Chairman of the meeting some flattering testimonial of regard 1 and will nut the example thereupon be followed both by Her Majesty Biid the Lords? We can only say, that we consider the event as something more I linn probable ? especially when we take into account the influential charncler of those by whom the petition will be seconded. Wo believe that our Tsstnnninn O'Coiinell, the celebrated ' Urian iJoru,' intends to electrify the meet ing by some allusion lo his late mar tyrdom in the pages of the Cornwall Chronicle. . The distinguished orator, afler exterminating us, will ncxWnro cecd in a vein of happy BarcalS to taunt the Hritish ministry into an nc kcoB'Jedgment of llieir iiilbcrto pusjj laniuious behaviour, in reference: to the great question then before the meeting, lie will no doubt exhibit to hi* admiring auditory the expe diency of our going to ner with France in revenge of the late insults, i nod jierhaps lay open to their view an ' admirable prospect of contingent ad vantage, in the event of such an occur rence. It will be an easy matter to show thai, during such warfare, the Hritisb Government, if instigated only by utotiies of convenience — to say nothing of those originating in gratitude — would most probably select tliis Colony as a geucral storehouse for supplies ; nnd, in that cose, our fortunes must, as a matter of course, be made. The rev. Chairman can, in the next place, undertake to exhibit the humanity of sacrificing the lives ol some thousands of Englishmen as a menus of appeasing the Tabiliun ghosts — the poor shadowy clears! These, and various other topics of a siiuil.ir description, being dwelt upon' with the. requisite degree of force, cannot foil of producing an unusual sensation — the members of (he 'clique' will shout ' Till Taniar trembles underneath tier banks, To hear the replication of Ibiir sounds, Made in tier concave shores.' We had, up to the very moment when such illusion was dispelled by a perusal of the Insurance Company's advertisement, been accustomed to consider ourselves as yielding lo no limn in the possession of patriotic principles, and a disinlcrr.slcd regard lor the honor and welfare of our na tive country; hut alas! how widely were we mistaken. Immersed en tirely in our own petty concerns, we saw not, heeded not, the foul instill which our country's honor had sus tained at (he hands of Gallic foes. jSo ; nor did il so much as enter into our thoughts that (lie on our name as Itrilons !) we were actually encoura ging our enemies lo a rcpililion of these insults hy the pusillanimity with which they were sustained, it did not occur, lo us, that the iuhabilaiils of Tahili were al that moment invo king our assistance, nnd vociferously exclaiming against our deafness to their remonstrances ; — fools that we were, we never for a moment esti mated the true value of Tahiti, con sidered as a nursery for sucking mis sionaries, nor the willingness dis played by the poor Datives lo submit rullier lo the mild rule of JJiilisJi deceit than lo the haughty domination of French oppression. We must un doubtedly hate been labouring under the influence of some potent and so porifcrous spell, for otherwise, we could nol have remained in ignorance of such things.' Happily, however for mankind, this mental darkneES extended only to ourselves, and, in the meantime, ardent and generous spirits were at work for the deliver ance of the unfortunate natives of Tahiti. The result, in our opinion, can scarcely i'a II short of the oliject whereby llieir labours are directed. »Jui f.ir this extraordinary demonstra tion lo (iJe con(rarVi people who know no belle. ,n;^ bave tiloa-hl that 'dirty Jemmy Pv,-« wholly occu pied in the consideration ot l-t- Jolly's claims, and that a certain reve.,^(| gentleman's ideas were confined to the mere pouuds, shillings, and pence '.(Fairs of his own snug little chapel ; yes, and moreover that the gigantic intellect of even (he great ' Hrian Boru himself embraced no wider a range than that afforded by the cir cumscribed area of a general meeting of the justices — that, in short, having been self elected to the oflice of a conservator in as far as the privileges ol his order was concerned ; he had enough lo do without ' bothering' his brains about subjects so appa rently remote from his own little walk of life, as that proposed for consideration at the public meeting. We find, however, that the august clique, has higher and holier objects in view ; its members cannot stand tamely hy and witness the immolation of their country's honour on the shrine of French oppression ; hut have seriously resolved to exert ail llieir extensive influence with tho home cabinet in behalf of ' Mission ary Island.' Generous delecmina lion ! They care not, il seems, about the imputation of presumption to which their efforts may expose them, nor all the paltry opposition to their wishes, which the present administra tion may aflbrd ; they, perhaps, know and feel that, they are all right at 'head quarters,' and that with 'Jem- my' for their editor, the Saint of St. John-street for their advocate, lirian jioru for llieir spokesman, an ?' In dependent' minister of the Gospel for their tpiritual director, and the ' tail' for their supporters, they might challenge ibe world to exhibit so precious a set of — blanks — . For want of duly considering the above favourable circumstances, we have heard people assert that the peti lion will be treated wilh contempt, and that, in the height of its indigna lion at such beggarly presumption, the Home Government will probably hare resort to some severe measures : such, for instance, as that of issuing ortlers for the arrest of the whole ' clique' — for the purpose of trying tinder its members a statute ol lunacy — the revocation or resumption of lands ' granted' to such upslarls — a strict inquiry into the private -history of the holders — and a withdrawal of support from the ministers of Dissent ing congregations. These would cer tainly be startling measures, and might unquestionably result in much inconvenience lo the different parlies; but then, on the other hand, could they not be successfully resisted. The '-power of the ' clique' is, by aotne individuals, supposed to be almost ubiquitous, and individually considered iu members arc certainly astonishing men. Possessed of mormons wealth, lueyVe at the same time eqnally ca pableif lavishing it wilt the utmost prod ill il y ii pon llieaoliievemcnlof any objectWhich they once take in hand : u'itnedtue spirit exhibited by them in spilling all vulgar contributions (owardthe embellishment and mnin tciionclof the Horticultural gardens, and it magnanimous manner in which Icertsin portion of Ibem seem resolve to Tesist a claim of fifty odd pounds because, they believe it can not leg lly he demanded) even al though l should cost them twenty times 11 amount in the shape of law expenst . These considerations lead us to btieve that, like the Jesuits of old, tl so peculiar and exclusive people c in high estimation at home, and thl the Downing-strcct autho rities jon Id ask themselves many questions before making attempt upon either tie liberties or privileges of bo formiclallc a body. Caution is a pre dotninaii feature in everything re lating loYhc uflairs of the present ad ministraion ; and even supposing that ii war n\th France should not be the immediate consequence of the ' clique's representations, we are still of opinion that a temporising policy will be adopted in reference; thereto. It could not be considered as other than an aclof madness on the part of any Government openly lo fly in the face of so powerful a con federacy, and certain we arc that no thing of so rash and injudicious a character will he either contemplated or attempted. Perhaps, for tho pur pose of obtaining a little time, if not of eventually conciliating the wholo clique, one or other of its gentlemen constituents may be elected a ' mem beroi Her Majesty's Privy Council;' i in whicli case, we arc of opinion that ' Uriaii Uoru' could nol fail of being tiic indiiidual elected. The ' pious ' lawyer' may, perhaps, on the other ; hand, hi; gratified wilh the appoint ment of Allorney-Geucral of Eng Jsjjd, and the ' tail,' generally, he complimented with the thanks of both Uonscsof Parliament. 11 uv, ever, time will show. On Friday evening, the meeting nlluded to in the above article, took place, in accoi dance »ith advcrtisement—iC indeed thut could be called an advertisement, which ap. pcared only in the pages of the Insuinncc Company's print. Il wus essentially a meeting of Dissenting Parsons, who flocked about their leader Me rroivi about u cm»e, A crest deal wnt said about the foice (if fjut/icopi- | uion and the efiuet it was calculated to produce ugion tlic home authorities. In the present instance, all the speakers appeared to act on the pictunipiion that the courts both of lCn. gluml ani! Trance wcic in a slate or utter ig norance concerning the rcul merits of the case, i and that in as Tar as the latter was concerned, it was only necestury that its ministers should I brsct rifjlit iu this particular, in order lo bring ; about a peaceable adjustment of the matter. The reverend gentlemen did however let the ' cat out of the bag,' when they acknowledged ' that as a mission station, Tahiti has proved a valuable acquisition to the brethren.' Yes, so we believe, and so it seems thought the French, when they tent their tvarsltipi to take i possession of it. One orator worked himself up into a great pnssion in attempting to con vince his hearers that the people of this colony \- a £i eater right to petition Bgaintl French «BKrc«iOll ,,mn Ule inimUtpni, or ain,ost Bny oilier Uiitm. ~.,i,melll whatever, because they arc moil eipotea lo inner ot :-.. «„-. Kc hope oui heads may not ache until that it is the case, or until France and Englaud go lo loggei beads about a trumpery place upon which none but missionaries Imve hitherto fattened, and which in point of fact is inhabited by a race of the most lascivious and immoral people under heaven. 