BIOGRAPHICAL NO T I CTE OF WEBER. Carl Maria von Weber was born 16th December, 1786, at Eutin, a small town in Holstein. His father gave him a most liberal education, and the son evinced an early predi lection for the fine arts particularly paintinor and music. The first regular instruction he received on the pianoforte, the instrument on which he has gained such a high reputation as a player, was from Heuschkel, at Hild- burghausen, in 1796; and it is to this severe and learned master that Weber owed his energy, distinctness, and execution. The more his father perceived the gradual deve lopment of his talent, the more anxious he was to sacrifice every thing to their cultiva tion ; he therefore took his son to the famous Michael Haydn, at Salzburg. In 1798 he published his first work, six fugues in four parts, which are remarkable for their purity and correctness, and received the praise of the Musilealische Zeitung At the end of that year, Weber went to Munich, where he was taught singing by Yalesi, and composition, as well as the pianoforte, by Kalcher. To him he is indebted for a full knowledge of the theory of music, and for a skilful and ready use of all the means it fur nishes to the composer. Weber now began to apply himself to one particular branch of the art, in preference to the rest — the operatic music. Under the eyes of his master he wrote an opera, " Die Macht der Leibe und des Weins," (the Power of Love and Wine,) a Mass, and several other pieces ; but all these were subsequently destroyed. Soon after this, Weber, in the fulness of youthful hope, entertained an idea of rivalling Sennefelder, of lithographic celebrity ; and he went so far as to say that the invention was his, and that he used machines more adapted to the purpose. In order to pursue his plan on a grand scale, he removed with his father to Frisburgh, in Saxony, where the best materials were most conveniently at hand. With the tediousness of so mechanical a business, however, he was soon tired ; and the young speculator resumed, with redoubled vigour, his study of composition. While only fourteen, he wrote the opera of " Das Wald- madchin," (the Girl of the Wood,) which was first performed in 1800, and received with great applause at Vienna, Prague, and St. Petersburg. An article in the Musikalische Zeitung excited in the young composer the idea of writing in an entirely new style, and of re viving the use of the ancient musical instru ments. With this view he composed, in 1801, at Salzburgh, the opera " Peter Schnoll and his Neighbours." Although it met with little success on its performance, it was highly praised by Haydn. During one of his many professional travels with his father, in 1802, to Leipsic, Ham burgh, and Holstein, his principal occupation was to collect and study all works on the theory of music ; and entertaining doubts as to the correctness of most of them, he com menced studying harmony once more, from its very elements, with a view of construct ing an entirely new system of music. His 'analysis of Sebastian Bach's "Vogler, 12 Chorale," is a work of great research and much utility. Soon after this he was entirely left to him self in the great musical world of Vienna, in the midst of Haydn, Vogler, Stadler, &c.; Instead of being drawn away from his art by the innumerable amusements of so gay a city, he was for a considerable period more deeply engaged than ever in studying with the Abb6 Vogler. During all this time, only two of his works, if they merit that name, appeared in print> a set of variations, and Vogler' s opera " Samori," arranged for the pianoforte Having completed his musical education at Vienna, he was called to Breslau, in the character of maestro di capella. As he had to form here an entirely new orchestra and corps of singers, he was furnished with a very favourable opportunity to improve him self in the knowledge of effect. While at Breslau he composed the opera of "Rebezahl, or Number Nip," of which the ill-fated mountain ghost has furnished the subject. The commencement of the great Prussian war in 1806 obliging him to quit Breslau, he entered the service of Duke Eugene of Wurtemburg, and removed to Carlsruhe, in Silesia. Here he wrote two symphonies, several concertos, and various pieces for wind instruments. He also published at this time an improved edition of his opera, " The Maid of the Wood," under the title of " Silvana;" a cantata, " Der erste Ton ;" some overtures for a grand orchestra, and many solo pieces for the pianoforte. In 1810 he made a successful tour to Frankfort, Munich, and Berlin ; and on his return, once more assisted by the experience and knowledge of Vogler (who had then two other young artists of great talent with him, Meyerbeer and Gausbacher), he composed the opera " Aban Hassan," at Darmstadt. From 1813 to 1816, Weber was the direc tor of the opera at Prague, which he organ ized quite anew, and wrote here his great cantata " Kamf .und Sieg," a most imposing composition ; and a melo-drama, entitled " Preciosa," or the Gipsy Girl. After the object of his visit to Prague was fulfilled, he once more travelled without any permanent appoiifttnent. Though he received the most handsome offers from all parts of Germany he did not accept of any, until he was called to Dresden, for the purpose of forming a German opera. This appointment he held until his death. His celebrated opera of " Der Freyschutz.' was produced at Berlin, June 21, 1821 ; and in November 1828 his " Euryanthe " was performed at Vienna, but did not, succeed. Der Freyscliutz first appeared in an English dress at the English Opera House, in the summer of 1824, when its success was such as to induce the managers of Co-vent Garden and Drury Lane theatres to bring it out at their respective houses in the ensuing winter With some' slight alterations in the story, and aided by the most magnificient scenery, the popularity of " IJer Freyschutz" was un equalled, and led to an invitation to an invita tion to its author to visit England, to compose an opera expressly for the English stage.. The offer was accepted, and he fulfilled his engagement by the production of "Oberon," which was first performed at Covent Garden, on the 12th of May, 1826. " On the 26th of May, Weber gave a con cert at the Argyll Rooms, at which he pre sided. Amongst other new compositions with, which he delighted the audience, was a song from Lalla R.ookh, composed for Miss. Stephens, and which he. himself accompanied; on. the piano-forte. His health was evidently much impaired previously to. his arrival in England, and it gradually become worse, until the 3rd of June, when his disorder, a pulmonary affec tion of long standing, received so sulden and violent an accession, as to preclude all hope of recovery. The opera of " Der Freyschutz," with all the original music, was to have been performed at Covent Garden Theatre, for the benefit and under the superin tendance of the com poser ; but . his increasing indisposition pre venting his' attendance, it was postponed. On the morning of Monday, J une 5, he; was found dead upon his pillow, his head resting upon- his hand, as though he had passed from life without a struggle. The following Wednesday, Jnne 7, had been, fixed upon for an attempt, to ,re visit his native, country. Weber is understood to have left but one work in manuscript, of any importance, a production which was to be entitled "Kunst- ler Laben " (Life of Artists), upon which- he had been employed several years It consists, of a narrative of the principal events of his. life, with observations on great musical works, and on the most eminent of ancient and modern, composers. He was the author of many articles in the Leipzig Musical Gazette,, and also in the Alendzeitung,. an evening paper of Dresden. Weber left a.vwidow and two children. On. the 21st of June his remains were interred with great solemnity in the Roman. Catholic. Chapel in Moorfields, most of the distin guished characters in the theatrical and musical world attending as mourners. At. the close of the funeral, service, Mozart's, requiem was sung by the whole choir. Extensive Burglary. — Between Wed nesday night and Thurday morning, the stores of Ashfoford and Daniels, George- street North, nearly opposite Cadman's Wharf, were entered by a window in the roof three stories high, and three dozen clocks of various kinds, a large quantity of cutlery and hardware goods, several cases of gin, and some wearing apparel carried off. The thieves had effected their exit through a door on the ground floor by wrenching off the padlock and taking out the bar ; a large chisel about eighteen inches in length was found on the premises, which the burglars had left behind them. There is one man in custody on suspicion of being concerned in the affair. The value of the missing proper ty is about £70. The Storm. — Sydney was visited by an unusually heavy storm of wind and rain on Tuesday and Wednesday, which damaged several houses, and compelled the inmates to remove. A portion of Mr. Fisher's distillery was completely washed away. Most of the vessels anchored in the Stream drifted, and were compelled to let go the second anchor. The steamer James Watt drifted from her moorings in Johnson's Bay, and; was nearly on the south point of Balmain, when Captain Allen and the crew of the Tamar got on board, with spare anchors and. chains, and at length re-moored her between Boyd's Wharf and Balmain. The steamers Sophia Jane and Tamar could not make their usual trip to the Hunter. The steamer Rose, which was expected from Morpeth on Tuesday evening, did not arrive till Thursday. About four o'clock on Tuesday afternoon two of the South Head pilots, Messrs. Gibson and Jackson, left the Dockyard in their boats, with the intention of proceeding to Watson's Bay; when near abreast of Pinehgut, a sudden squall struck Mr. Jackson's boat, (having himself, two men, and a boy in her), when she immediately cap sized. All hands stuck to the boat, and after about forty minutes, when their strength was nearly exhausted, they were luckily seen from the Garland Grove , when a boat was in stantly manned and repaired to their assist ance, arriving just in time to rescue them from drowning. After landing Mr. Jackson, the lad, and one of the men on Pinehgut, they returned to the boat, with the intention of towing her in shore, but the gale was. by this time at its height, and they could make no head-way against it, and stood away for the North Shore, where they took refuge in Mossman's Bay. As nothing was seen, of Mr. Gibson, after the squall fears were enter tained that his boat had shared the same fate, but it. is understood that'he landed ajfc- Watson's Bay about an hour after the accident, quite unconscious of what had occurred. Execution.— Henry Atkin, who had been convicted of murder at the last Assizes, un derwent the extreme penalty of the law, at Berrima, on Tuesday the 8th instant, at ten o'clock a. m., within the precincts of the gaol, and in presence of a large concourse of the inhabitants. Every effort had been used by the Rev. Mr. Stone and others to persuade the unfortunate man to a confession of his guilt, but without effect. He protested his innocence on the scaffold, and declared; in the most solemn manner, that the crime with which he was charged, and for which he was now to suffer, was committed by two bush rangers of the names of Ryan and Williams. miUIJ UHlIi nil I .I.HIMIW. .LL.„m .MM.-,- J,.!,.,,,,— . -—a— MM— The New Judge. — Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to appoint John Nodes Dickinson, Esq., to be a Judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, in the room of William Westbrooke Burton, Esq., appointed one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras. Mr. Justice Dickinson has taken and subscribed the ne cessary oaths accordingly. Appointment. — His Excellency the Go vernor has appointed GeorgeFredericBerkeley St. John, Esq., of Port Phillip, to be a Com missioner of Crown Lands, in the colony of New South Wales, to act within the boun daries of the colony, in the room of Mr. Airey, resigned. Bank of Australasia. — The Annual Meeting of the Shareholders in the Bank of Australasia proved much more satisfactory in its results than was generally expected. It appeared from the Report, that although the establishment had incurred large losses through the depression prevailing in these colonies, the rest, amounting to upwards of £114,000, remains untouched, while there is yet £45,000 of the bad debt fund remaining to liquidate such deficiencies as may arise from the non-payment of doubtful claims now outstanding. A sum of <£"16,039 18s. has been written off during the year for irreco verable debts. From the statement of the Chairman, (Mr. Brownrigg, M. P.), the hope seems to be cherished in the minds of the Directors, that the condition of business in Sydney has seen its worst, and that there is now some reasonable prospect for anticipating a change in the posture of affairs out there. The branches at Maitland and Bathurst have been suspended, being unprofitable ; and great credit is given to Mr. Hart, the super intendent abroad, for his management of the concern, especially considering the difficulties with which he had to contend. The Direc tors furnished him with stringent instructions for the regulation of business, which it seems he has not failed to exercise. A long discus sion ensued on the propriety of holding the meetings half-yearly, and a resolution to that effect was passed, the desire of the share holders being that they should have more frequent communication with the Directors receive information on the state of their affairs. Another question broached was, the increase of qualification for Directors, but special meetings will have to be called for the consideration of this subject, as it goes to effect the charter. At the conclusion of the debate, full Confidence was expressed in the management of the Board, the report unani mously adopted, and the retiring Directors were re-elected.— \- Times, June 4. Lithotomy. — A successful operation was performed by Dr. a' Beckett, last week, at the Benevolent Asylum, on a lad named Clinch, aged about 13" years. TTie stone which was extracted was the size of a hen's egg, and was rough. The lad had suffered intensely for a long time previously to his being indu ced to undergo the operation, but is now doing well; Ordered for Execution. — Benjamin Stanley, convicted of murder at the late Maitland Circuit Court has been ordered to be executed on Monday next, the 21st inst. ; and Frederick Gaston alias Abraham Gas ton, convicted of murder before the last Bathurst Circuit Court, has also been or dered for execution at Bathurst, on Thurs day, the 31st instant. 