THB Right Rev. Dr. Wilson, Catholic Bishop of Van Diemen's Land, embarked on Saturday on board the Maria Somes for Sydney, on a visit to the most Rev. the Lord Archbishop of Australasia Count Polding, who with the Earl Cowper, and Lord Arundel of Wardour, are the only British subjects possessing the high dignity of Counts of the Roman Empire. AGAIN we have to notice the anomalous situation in which, as we understand, the two colonies of New South'Wales - and Van Diemen's Land are . placed in respect to Crown prisoners. Here SIR EARDLET WIL- MOT ie restricted from conferring the Royal mercy of pardon without previous reference to the Secretary of State. The probation system also restricts hjs Excellency in regard to assignment, and in many other important particulars. In New South Wales wehearthat there are abont ten thousand Crown prisoners, many of whom are under assignment, (that excellent system being entirely at an end here), the Governor conferring'conditional and free pardons, and other indulgences, exactly as before, all the (difficulties which the probation system throws upon the {governor here being unknown. If this is.riot so, we should be glad to have the real state, of the matter explained by any of our contemporaries better informed on the subject. WB have already furnished our readers (we abstracted from the Advertiser, who having been favoured, as he said, with *• a member of Council's copy," had thereby precedence of the other journals, none of their member of Council friends having taken the trouble to so favour them) with the contents of the original estimate presented by SIR EARDLEY WILWOT to the Council. Three days afterwards his Excellency changed his raind oq this (subject, and presented a re- formed estimate, " docking " the former one by some £20,000. - It is only therefore now necessary to show the ^estimated expenditure and the ways and means to provide for it as they finally stand, and certainly anything but satisfactory they are, to the' Governor himself especially. We will first recapitulate the estimated expenditure, and then give the ways and means by which -it is proposed to defray that expense:— . Governor and Judges £6,200 . Civil establishment .' 27,892 . Police .......... 30,617 Public works 2,489 Judicial 19,328 Ecclesiastical 13,642111 Schools...,. 4,150. Military 465 Pensions „.... 1,245 Pauperism:..... ..............r 4,140 Miscellaneous...... /. 6,294 - £116,664 To meet this, the following are the estimated ways and means :— < . Customs £67,373 Post-office 1. 7,650 Licenses 8,330; Quit-rents .'. 3,000 Government rents,.,.., 450 Fees 10,000 Markets .. 000 ' Ferries.... ; 1,700 Government property sales... v .. 450 Land sales nil 1 Grazing licenses............ 2,332 £102,185 Excess of expenditure for 1845..£14,479 Ditto for the present year 45,278 Total to be provided for ..£59,758 ' Of this large sum, particulars 'to the amount of £19,455 are given. We Bliall next week copy the whole; in the meantime we give the following, as among "the most prominent;—• , Stores.. £3,175' ) TheBlack Draftsman in England, miscalled Colonial Agent 5,500 Bricks and piles for the new wharf 642 Nowhere we find that the-continuing the new wharf, which Sir George Arthur purposed to complete at the expense of England, seeing that it had the encouragement of English commerce chiefly in view, is'to fell upon the colony. Then the Black Draftsman, Mr. Barnard, " the colonial agent," as he is miscalled, pays out of the colonial funds whatever sums the Secretary of State may order him, that Leviathan functionary, greater than any monarch of the world, having therefore the uncontrolled control of the colonial revenue; and thirdly, the item for stores, how expended, whether for British or colonial purposes, most probably the former, does not -appear. If these large sums were raised by taxation of the people, this journal would be the first to exclaim with every possible ehergy against them;, but the rum and tobacco duties producing the principal part of the revenue, all we shall say is that the colonists must nbw begin look out. Dock or tax will assuredly be the : positive orders from the Autocrat; for my Lords will no more pay the. sixty thousand pounds deficiency, than they will discharge the national debt. Besides, how can they pay, one shilling of it without an express vote of Parliament, which we take upon ourselves to say, if it passes at all, will be by some hocus-pocus Treasury management, so mystified aB to be undiscoverable in a House of some dozen members, through which such an item of supply will be neatly Smuggled. WE have repeatedly said that; newspapers, even the most talented and influential, never lead the public opinion. They may venture to oppose it, but the battle is always against' them, and they eventually assuredly fall into the wake of the general voice, when that voice appears decidedly expressed. In the present case-of the "estimates," the public opinion here is unquestionably strongly against the amount of expenditure they develope, although by no means uniform as to the best method of reducing that amount. Some are for what the Courier, correctly, as" we view the subject, calls " filching " from the salaries of the public officers; others, atid .by much, we believe, the majority, are for entire departmental reductions, leaving salaries as they at present stand, in their untouched entirety. Perhaps, the real mean will be found between those opinions, that is to say, to " dock," or tax departmentally where it can be done without deteriorating the power and vigour of the Government machine, and individually where it can be done without decreasing the efficiency of tht> department. " Docking," however, of some sort or the other, is considered absolutely necessary - by the greatest portion of the . whole people; and this not frata .want of j liberality towards the employees, bat -be- i OKUge tte revenue hae sn.&llenoff;, that \to j pavthe " civil ^stabliBbmekt," as itaa.it pre*J Bent ^exi^SI is avowed -by Srn ;EABBLBY J WiMtroT -hiniBelif to be impossible,; , though bis ;Escelleney -Et present (supplies*! thfe ^deficiency by b<^rowing! from Ahfe JJri$ish Government chest, iri the fceepifag of: Ate' stewte^d the Commiseafjy-GjsneraV, .yet .it is fearedby-lthe colonists •that'fl^S^ngtaty of State may say, " You .have decided upon maintaining ah ; expenditure beyonft your inccr«je,.and you have "followed ^exactly the lot which would befall -an. individual 'in the like fcaise improvident;'therefore, febthust ' far ""'if you mean to co&tmttft; yotfr extravagance, or an individual in , a similar emergency would either have to : go to ' rack rents' Willi -his tenants, or to diminish his expenditure;''as we afiid totweek, ""to cut his coat accordant© fufeClollh." There catr be no^oiibt that there is no evading the self-e^ulent correctness of th^s'e opinions^ and Hjejice "it is . that they are so generally maintained. A very great mistake, however, has be£n made in c6nsidering this question. Thektocrtissr of the ,6lh instant,; in the course Kjf a lachrymose " Jerefljiah " (so the ColoriiKl Secretary called thetalkingeof one of the members of Council, the utter practical juselessness of which assembly the Advertiser'oimse]S admits, when he says, the CouBfiii complacently passed—on one day,— and as cothplacentlyreduced—ch the next,— the estimates presented by the Governor) —the Advertiser, we say, in the course of a Yjery ^bmiwful lataeniation over the deep mfetrbss of the colony, (alas! but too weir has the ^following passage:—; "^he cdnvl&s; with whl6h the country is deluged, and by whom his (the s^ttUPs) life and prosperity are rendered precarious, iqstqad ^f being employed for'his benefit, as a small* remuneration for the evils occasioned by-them.are jealously:pr.evented from being engaged in any work of colonial utility, add srejactually competing "with himbjliis own. productions, with the prospect that such Competition SJIAP.H be greater and more effectual-; : that for this purpose the unbounded capital:**? Britam is thrown' into the 'Scale as a bounty to crush him; and that though taxed to an, amount unknown elsewhere in the civilised world, he has no control over, or no power of appropriating these taxes, which are wholly expended in supporting the patronage of a: 'Colonial Secretary 16,000 miles, off, who is t09_careless and too ignorant of our position jto apply them properly.'' Here, we;.contenil" (and we shall be happy to dis- CUSB the Ipoint /airly, eandidly.and in AN JjSoglish newspaper-likd manner, civilly, with our contemporary), is a great mistake made, onejwhich it is the,duty of the legitimatelyconducted Press to correct, instead. of to confitro, . inasmuch as its going abroad uncontradicted is fcalculatcd to .operate most injuriously «pon the best interests ; of the (Colony—the 'promoting respectable' immigratmi, Wh&t; Englishman, possessing that competence in his circumstances which alone, , under OM>'.circumstances, can render his advenjj valuable, will emigrate from a land to .which he-is devotedly bound.by.the tenderest attachments, more or less so to all, of " kith, kin.and country"—which he.breaks asunder. in roost cases to fly from heavy taxation,— What Englishman of moderate competency, we ask, will select a colony to which to emigrate, which is publicly stated in its local newspapers to be taxed even more heavily than that: from which he- flies—"taxed,"' says the Advertiser, " to an amount unknown elsewhere in the civilised world" Wedeny the accuracy of our contemporary. We. Jassfert positively .{and we sh'all be happy, again we say. to discjiss the question with mm,£airly,candidly, -and civilly,) that the colonists .here 'are not taxed one single Earthing! -There are : 'duties imposed (and \- what'-Govewiment -is without'them) upon the importation of various artidles, the bhief . of which are romartd tdbaeco;and we \- tfergly wish'the' ambunfc'of those duties was extended so' *s to; -effect the" prohibition > b iboth. .But • the levying those duties fs 1 not 'Vff4v?ii(5j9,' , /be66use^veryiindi*iduat has in himself the most 1 perfect power; to contribute to the revenue so raised, or not, as he pleases ! He is infinitely better off than if he was represented in a legislative assembly of the freest nature imaginable, because he himself in his own person can decide the question, contribute or not contribute. If, indeed, the Governor (the Resident Under Secretary of State) is so positively enjoined, by the " Principal Secretary of State." that obe- dience is unavoidable, to the effect that the colonists shall make their own roads, streets, even the most necessary method of inter- communication— they they shall erect their own public buildings— complete the very important harbour improvements, which the existence of a different system— one exhibiting the truly paternal feeling of a kind parent, enabled SIR GEORGE ARTHUR to commence, and which, had not his happy destinies carried him to bestow the powerful energies of his expanded mind upon the people of another and unspeakably more important portion of the empire,— if indeed, Sir Eardley Wilmot is compelled by positive orders to make the people do for themselves what the Government has done for them so long as it was done (until Sir John Franklin came, with a meteor of mischief in his train) at all, then, indeed, taxation will, for the first time, begin. But even then the " threatened municipalities," as our contemporary correctly expresses himself, by some form of election will be brought into operation. The bitter aloes of the taxation pill will be gilded, by Mayors, Aldermen, Common Councillors, gold chains, furred gowns, town halls, and— ye gourmands lick your lips— corporation feasts ! In all this there are some who will no doubt rejoice ; for as the people will be permitted, as at Sydney and Port Phillip, to elect their own taxers, the talkers, who at present have few opportunities of exhibition, will have elections at which to display, and town halls in which to declaim ! Then, indeed, will taxation commence in true reality, and then as certainly will all prospect at property-bringing immigration cease. From this arrival of Sir Eardley Wilmot until very lately, the whole Press of the colony has been what may be called " Ministerial." There seemed, indeed, to be a competition who should most loudly eulogise his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, and in what superior terms of inflation that eulogy should be propounded. The followers of Sir John Franklin— the miserable clique of which his miserable Government was composed, never failed to excuse his acknowledged admitted " errors " (to speak moderately), by insisting upon " the excellence of his intentions." The colonists recollected the old English designation of " the pavement" of a particular place, and affixed accordingly, an appropriate value to the " good intentions" upon which " the clique" fell back. We have seen recently (and certain patro- nage and friendships considered, it is omi- nous of something), more than one of our contemporaries rapidly recede from the ranks of the Ministerialists, The retrocession first showed itself, according to the most ap- proved method of warfare, by little " skirmishings." The Colonial Secretary was first fired upon. Mr. Bicheno is charged with having stated in the Council, in reply to one of the " Jeremiads,*' " that there was no distress" in the colony. We know not whether that high functionary did permit himself to make such a slip (and if he did, a slip only in the heat of discussion must it have been), for Mr. Bicheno cannot but know that the distress in which the whole colony is plunged is deeply and generally felt. This slip, however, the Advertiser of Friday thus severely denounces :— ' " Exists no distress ! We may permit you, Mr. Bicheno, to pocket, in silence, your enormous salary, cruelly wrung from our impoverished pureses ; but, O, do not outrage our feelings by sneering at our sufferings, nor insult our understandings by exhibitions of logic, which would disgrace the lips of school-boy. I do not wish to be inquisitive, but the public have some right to know where those great abilities are for which you got credit on your appointment to office ? Are they to be seen in your exhibitlons in the Legislative Council, or in your clear and lucid " estimates," which it fairly baffled the brains of your fellow councillors to understand ? Again, I ask where are those abilities ? Echo answers— Where ?" Was there a regular Government semi-official, we should leaveit toeuch an unlisted vindication- bf the Administration, ! -to^reply to this eertainly tolerably fetfong" exhibition of commencing ^ apposition, 1 * ; ; As it is, we f shall only say tbat 'Mr. Bicheno's entire cpflnportmenti.in his highly Arduous (Mice has been distinguished'ibr attention ; to, busii . ness, correctness-in its performance, and the most petfefct courtesy in othat performance. "The brains jjf -Mr. Bichenu's fellow councillors" might havebeen "baffled"' in understanding, his "estimates," :but;that is: not -saying very, much ; for Ihe amount;of " brains " of those who could be ". baffled by " estimates," than which never was there a more plain collection of figures,and nothing whatever more; but because that a certain portion of obtusity «r ^perversity, or a happy melange of both, was infused into the brains of some of Mri jSit^e^fe ffeHo^ councillors," 'hie Ins 5 " abiStiefe,''. ithe composititm of :estjxnajESabfts nothing whatever to do, till each ^eing mere matter of comjioa' smithmellc, furotsbed tiy each pn 'orider of office by Abe Oolonial iSedi ettry, !to be read' by him in tbat order annually, laccording to ^he RrmCtpal Secretary of iStete's directipi^Oi'arie Mr.Bicheno's " abMitiea," ihis -fitness for bis Jiigh office, for that is the real point intended, to be impugned,' ^because that-a collection of figures, which we will undertake to say the very youngest boy in Mr: Cowle's school would comprehend, aye, and explain too if required of him, ".baffled the brains " of certain of .the councillors ? With this, however, dotlr j&e; skirmishing commence, covering the ;more :serious -advance of tthe great attack/ Wenovf find for the first time, in the columns' of the Van Diemen's Land journals, wkr proclaimed, and tolerably loudly too, against the "Head .of the Government himself. Thus the Advertiser heralds the coming hostilities :— " The ' Governor's speech' -natjirally expected Would contain, not only a generous sympathy with our sufferings, but s6me' asSurauce that the Government would, at least, make an attempt to rt-scue UB from impending cum. Biit this document,, like most compositions of .the* lund, .deals in vague .generalities, and fills the eir with high-sounding figures -of rhetoric, instead of satisfying the public mind with .some well-planned system of measures, in reference to the present state of the colony. Ever since his Excellency's-arrival among us the dolorous note of our distress has been pealing in his ears, and now, at the very moment when he was "expected to exhibit the "abilities of a statesman, and the genuine benevolence of a feeling heart,- his language substantially is, 'I am convinced of your sufferings j I know how wretched you are, but I shall not interfere i.o you jn your distress. The evil winch affects you will vanish, of its own accord. Continue to sufferquietly as you can, and all 'Will yet Le well.' : Fellow Colonists I this is the very height of wdifferflhce and cold unfeeling neglcct, for his Excellency must be aware that before his harah pvescription can take effect, matiy of the patients will have breathed their last.". Here is certainly a tolerably, strong "• de-' monstration " 6? war,: a sort of ^advance— of rush into the. enemy's country pretty' considerably-"G ! la Napoleon." ' It "affords quite a sufficient presage of what is .to come.: We are not the defenders of the Governor,; nor of his Government. We have already! said that we believe his Excellency depends so entirely upon his own .position, upon the intangible measures of his Administration, and upon the nature of-thoseTreasures, being neither more nor less than tlie carrying itrto operation.the orders of the " Prindpal-Secretary of State," ^to whom the Governors of all the colonies, constituted as is this, are literally and .exactly resident Under .Secretaries of State,—we Relieve that Sir Eardley Wikbot rests so entirely upon this position, that he considers the adventitious aid of a semi-official journal wholly unnecessary. We venture to dijffer from his Excellency thereon / We consider that as, even in'England, it is found absolutely necessary to the convenience, setting all other considerations apart, of both the governing and the governed, that ther£ feliould be some organ of communicatjon .between . them—we consider, we •say,,that-his Excellency would well .consult tliis piutual -convenience -was he to establish some etich organ. Let it not be-supposed that this journal is ^fishing " for "'the panniers." The vety ! ff»jbt announced in. our Mt number, that the Editor contemplates proceeding to England, where he has iirgent busing,'earlyin the ensuing year (provided ahy'^ys that the state of embarrassment in which bis hayipg !had .to pay the debts bf others to .a very considerable amount. happily,/or fAe most part, by-great sacrifice -of properly,">the strictest economy, much privation 'arid •abbve it!, vei-y liberal'trefctment by-those who "iield "his ieqg^gemeots, ,got through, can in these ;times>6f difficulty be vfyplly V^gajjged), whereby the. conduct of this Journal will •f^il, /during the present Editor's absence,.into the bands of a gentleiftan of, approved- qulalification' for 'theduty—^ this «ingle -fact: will prove that"he %as no persoi>4l objfe'ot in'.re^otrimeritlmg the 6'stablishment of a semi-olficial pellicle of the Government cqnjjnu^jcatio.n. with"the public. We' repeat/ then, that the Governor will sooner' or later find bimself under the ,unay oidable, ueeessity of having, some medium of explanation (we iay nothing of. support) j 1 \- between himself and ihe^eople. The great Brifish Government,'the greatest in the jttniverse, cannot do witliout it, ^nd Sir '^Enrdley Wilmot, with all his reliance up/rn jthe 'high position lie occupies, will. he rr>a'y jrely on it, find himself compelled eyentualiy to'-adopt the same . resource., Jn ^bbkhig :around bite for this purpose, be will 'no idovtbt -$eek where to .find ^n individual with whom Jie jean,, ponfideatially ^^mjunicate (a sine gud non),^and^^on whose"taleat he can sgjfejy ^rely. Siipb an one mayffossibly pre- ..se^ iteelf ^p.^is,mind.; tgp snecejssfJr.y measures are taken to hring tbat one tp.ithe :ard4ops. duties hfe will have to ^ndertake^ we jre ^qnvinced tihey will Jie : ^iequately and honourably performed. The necessity of this, we/again say, ; is self-evident i -^hje. present instance, for example. How readily, would such a writer as the one we have in our tiiind's eye, >TepIy >to . such tirades-as we have above quoted ? Amongst other waye in which he would put the matter, and certainly many more than which thus, carrente calamo, suggest themselves to us, would be presented'by bim to the public consideration, he would atk the plain and simple question, " what is it which any Governor of this colony, limited as he is by . the paramount authority of the Secretary of State on the, one hand, and by the force of circumstances, inwhioh very* much of "the .present distress has originated and does exist, on the other, CAN do', even to alleviate, much more to re- • movent?" " We repeat, what CAN, we do not say Sir Eardley Wilmot, b(it any Governor do ? And because .that it is physically and morally impossible for any Government measures whatever—we will even suppose that the "Principal Secretary of'State" gave him a carte blanche to act as he might consider best calculated to remove from the colonists the present heavy burthen of distress which so heavily presses therti to the dust—is Sir Eardley Wilmot, or is any Governor similarly situated, to be charged with .exhibiting " the very fyiakt of indifference and cold unfeeling neglect ?" It is easy (o declaim, to use strong terms, to call hard names ; "but, we repeat, what would th'ev who so denounce others, themselves effect if they had the power, which the LoVd forbid an,d protect the colony from their Jtender 1 mercies ? Whendo the time of Lord George Gordon's riots, in the' year 1780, the '' patriots" wsre'buraiug down Lord Mansfield's inoble mansion in Bloomsbury Square, destroying his invaluable library, a ragged ruffian was seen amongst the loudest of the vociferators exclaiming, " Liberty, property, and no excise." It would be difficult to suggest any immediately - acting remedy for our distresses that was apt bottomed upon the agrarian jprinciple bf that " patriotic " incendiary. Would r a Usury law. produce' relief-even at-a minimum of 'Sve per cent. ? We are perfectly aware, and reaidily avow, that if at the time when Sir John Franklin was petitioned to establish such , a law," he had consented to adopt thati or any other measure to stop the incipient distress—'if be hiad introduced any sanatory, ordinance by which the rate of "interest of money and depreciation in the value of produce might have gone together; pari pasu, then indeed much of the present misery would most certainly have been alleviated,.if not altogether avoided. Then was the time to save the colony; but Sir John Franklin boasted in -the Advertiser that he left it to itself—to sink or fiwim as it best could, as -circumstances might, act upon it.' A .usury law, or ' some such measure,'might then have saved their estates to the families of many landed proprietors. But would it have that effect now that the mischief is irremediably done ? that the evil is past redemption ?. We repeat that a low rate of interest of money is, as'in England at this day, a powerful proof of very considerable individual prosperity,but would any usury law now effect that most desirable object ? Such a law jnight relieve some half ;dozen, whose .property even although suffering mnder/the pressure of heavy mortgages, is ^not wholly irredeemable; but we do assert, without fear of refutation, that. objectionable- certainly in the abstract as such laws are held to be by all the writers of established authority in political economy, they would besides wholly fail in affording even the shadow of relief, immediate or prospective, to the.great'body: of the mortgagors, while as jespectB immediate relief alone, they would-evidently afford none! Again, would'the employment of' the whole twenty 'thousand Crown prisoners- {if so many there ftf-e) in the colony, on the roads, upon -the streets, in bridge building, dock completing, even in ploughing the lands of such of ;lhe"|iat rials jis jijivr any at'tbe expense "of England—'yioulii tins" affordImmediate relief to thegreat body of the colonists, which, Relief, Qfid ftPf pqriial, rglipfio half'-SwFqfa. . g e n e r t l good,: smd which,, it fig- the. paramount du«|Spf any '(Governor especially to endeavour to effect ? _ Woold^ the. ^ticking ; thfe salaries effect any relief at all tb 4he' peoplb; who arp, Tv£ «sstert it positively/ one. single shilling to " pay'those planes ? Would FHE vpt^g hy thp ..QQUUCU of Van tyjeinen's L&pd; $hat thp ' Imperial Parliament should appropriate. the : mauey taken hy direct taxation from the pockets of the peqple-of England, in payment, not of the Police and . Gaols alone, ; but ofeyery shilling of the E]stimajrps"; leaving the whole' of thte £102,000 reverse to fructify hy being shut up. in.f^^rc^t^r-^Q^jtii^. affqrd tfjie ghost of iqqpjiediat$, ;pr jany.re&ef; to the great hfldy-pf the colonists, unless indeed, which we qnite forgot, that same little '' equitable .adjustment" of that sum was made upon the plea of th^ " Liberty, property, and noexciee" vociferator ? What then do "Ihe ardent lovers of their country" want ? Let them specify, propound, enumerate their grievances, and the remedy they propose {fir thejm, $nd uptil itjjipy do so, until they-can, sh,ow J%tthe- reme4ip3tUjBy propose will effect certain relief—^will stop the current of insolvencyr-rwill enable the great body of the landed proprietors to retain their estates—the great body of the bill debtors to " honor " their liabilities, and the great body of those indebted to the mercantile and trading interests to discharge their accounts—until the reformers can ,do thi,s, or "if they cannot ,dp ,it all, we assert will assuredly ,be foui^d to be the pass; let us have no more reproachers of Sir Eardlev Wjlmo't for " height of indifference and cold unfeeling negleot." No! The remedy for the existing distress, and«great, and. deep,; and general it is, is to be found in the people themselves, not in the Government. The real truth is, that the mortgagors, (speaking as a whole,) when,they contracted! their mortgage debts, did not iomw-Hthey actually, sold. and ,at a price too, .in by far, the great majority of instances, much beyond the *ea 1 value of their properties. The' idea of borrowing one, twtj, and three pounds ; per acre (more in many instances) upon their lands, no roaUterthat they madly purchased; them even at a higher pricq; jvas^i proof of madness equally on fh'e part of the lender^s, of the borrower. Anys'tjate of things which enabled land to pay a high rate cf interest for -such borrowings, must havebeen wholly ephemeral—could not^possibly, had common reflection been permitted, be permanent. 1 The Government surely Cannot be blamed for' that natural causes produced natural effects. Van )?iecpen> . triad ihas .seen a : series of .British 'icqlojuqs grow up to.raatu-. rity arojind ^er, ftfl^ .she nursed !them, at a present ^omen.tary ^rofititp her ^eventual permanent rain. She sold stock at a high profit to Port Phillip, the rich'and boundless pasturages of -which enabled the purchasers to react tzpon the settlers with indeed "usurious interest." The industrious self-defining agriculturists of South Australia exercised steady.adherence to the principles of industry, and deprivation, while the .system of ultra-extravagance prevailed unabatedlyhere. Blood horses, Bond-street carriages, French milliners, Pall^Mall tailors, Saxon cloth, -French silks, Genoa velvets, Champagne, Burgundy, Stilton cheese, London porter and *Soots ale, went on unheeding all was passing around us, and unmindful of the certain course of. events—that the permanent price of wheat, must reach an average of four,shi)li,ngs( .and Jhat.pf a.sj^ep, five. That, potfise. prevents didrDPt hait-^the certain consequence came—r«nnatural prosperity produced natural ..distress—luxurywas replaced by. want, and 'general insolvency has closed the dark and dismal history. And what can any Government "do to remedy such a. catastrophe ? ,It may hold ^ut "the Pflpwg fend. .ftpd so. we:are,convinced Sir ,Earfley m^pt mll ^o. JtlWay;hqld the rudder, but the people: must pull.theoar. Again and.again we ,repeatsthe xlebtor must «hewia idetermi»ation to pay,-by <a strict adherence to'industry, economy, even to deprivation, so long as he is in debt, of all but the actual'necessaries of life-—the creditor, inhis turn, for *vjthout that the most suffering struggles ,of:j,he debtor wjll.be utterly^ i vain, must be forbearing—encouraging, ,and .above all, ..shew to the debtor, by kindne^, .^ot by rigidity of comportment, that he is- 'determined-to be so. | b • .. ; : • 7 IN another-page will be found the Repbrt br 1844'of " HtP> Rnmvl nf Mh^hnn " Wo for 1844 of " the Board of Education." We consider it highly -satisfactory, and thai the members are entitled to the public thanks, as yre are convinced that they will receive ,thQQe.ofthp ^vejrnment."' /We shall draw attention next week to some of this prominent parages in this interesting documentj^articul^rly tp the difference,in the charges raade by the different; schpolma^rs to parents. This point should' be attended to by the Board- ~ THE following petition against the Insolvent Law; was presented by Mr. 'O'Connor to the Legislative Council :— , To his Exbellencg Sir J. EARDLEY EARDLEY- WXLMOT, B'arfirpet, Liiutenqiit- Gopernor the Island of Van Diem ens Land -and i Pependgncies, ana t$e Members of the fiorable ihq LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, in Council assembled. FLUMBLY BEEWKTH— That the several Acts of Council made for the 'V Distribufciori flf Tasolvent Estates" have Tailed in producing any public benc^t, except, the protection of honest debtors against itaptisonment: that ^hese Acts hate been almost useloss to creditors, whilst they have afforded the means to dishonest ^ebtors of evading payment of their debts by the grossest &aud;, and not unfrequently tjy perjury. That your memorialists are convinced much benefit would result to. the colony if Ah& Insolvent Law were repealed—imprisonment for debt abolished—each creditor allowed to act .for himself against the property of his debtor—and those acts of fraud whjch are now punishable under the Insolvent Act, brought under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court. ' Your -memorialists therefore humbly pray that your Excellency and the Honorable Members ef the Legislative .Council will .be pleased to adopt such measures as will be conduciye to the interests of the colony. ; • * And your memorialists will ever, pray, &c.;, &c.; MR. (YCONNQR has been subjected to (matter of course) animadversion, because (that, he had the manliness to vote with the Government on the police question, without a talking explanation of the grounds on which he did so.. He considered, and most .correctly, that it not only saved much time, spared the infliction of- much talking in reply to any verbal explanation which he might give of the motive's Which induced him to i vote as he did> but that he^Ould also, as he has done, give his reasons in a very few written words; and to .every unprejudiced and candid mind, (mosfc satisfactory they are. Mr. O'Connor thus registers his opinions upon the records of theCouncil, to be brought ais in that form they must bcf^ under the notice of the '* Principal Secretary of State." Whether any of the " talks/' however polished up they may be in the newspapers^ wilr^e .so,.noticed, is at .least extremely problematical:— ' " I protect against the principlp upon which it has been decided to ealj upon this Council to vote the supplies necessary, for defraying the expenses of'^the Police department. « Because, were this not a penal colony, onethird of the present Police force would he ade-' quate^o its present protection, and I therefore 1 do not consider that in common justice the free! inhabitants ought to be required to defend themselves, at their own' expense, against. the : aggressions of convicts sent hither principally, for the benefit of the mother country. " Because, neither the- Government nor the people now derive that advantage from the importation of jconyicts as to justify so large ^a charge to be borne on the local revenue for their coercion and punishment; I have, however, assented for the present to a charge in itself so incapable of being justified, hut only on the grounds that a refusal of the amount required for Police purposes would, the land fund having "completely failed, have been followed, eather by a reduction of the force imperatively calledfor to protect life and property, so long as this colony is kept for the penal purposes of •Great Britain and her colonies, or by the imposition upon the Lieutenant- Governor of a responsibility which the Council ought never to call aipon his Excellency to bear. " RODEEIC 0'CoNNOn." Now, let -us suppose that instead of thus registenRg his opinions upon the recprds pi the.Cpyncil in ,a; form, which of necessity, must.'bring .them under the notice of the Secretary of ^State, Mr. O'Connor had deliveredia talk. It would have been.as perfectly ephemeral as the rest; it would have been reported in the journals—perhaps read in the colony-—and like the rest, ho inore heard of. Seeing how Miv Q'Connor has, in the fewest .words he. could express it, exhibited a .much, more effectual opposition to the police expenditure being charged upon the colony than all the elaborate declamations combined which the occasion elicited, we can.forpi sqme opinion of .what would have een .his talk, had he delivered himself in words, instead of adopting, as be has done, M g ( p t t t l d v 7 ; I the so -niuch" the more effectual method—in writing; wrifinrr ; lie Hu \Vould wnnW probably nrn1\oMv have lifitro addressed Q^^coct-of I the Goyerriorin his accustomed sententious manner, somewhatlP the following effect:— " Sir,—Whep it wa^ youc ExceUency^s.pleasure to place me in this seat, unsolicitedly, I may say unwillinglyj on my part, ,1 felt that your - Excellenvy . h^d so placed me subject to the approbation, of pay Sovereign, not to enable me to offer a factious opposition to. whatever mpasyres vqur JSxcseilency; under tbe^nstructip^ <?f the of n»y Sover^gR» which I kppsjr the tution of thp cplopy, as by law -.established, ; renders paramoniit top.ll o.th^rcpnsidepfi|;ipng, bujt to offer your E^cdlejijcy, as sworn of to do, such adyjce ^s piy ac;qyawtance ts ^ith the interests of jthe cplpny, .bp ft Ho* or much, and njy knowledge of the nefi^^ty which binds all Colonial Legislatures, be they ever so free, ever so diffprpntly constituted to.this Council, to take care - that the interests of the whole British Empire shall be duly considered, 6hall combinedly produce. I, -Sir, am quite aware that extended as is the operation' of the transportation system, the expence. of pro^cjin^ the free inhabitants, by the means of police, gaols, and courts of law against the aggressions of convicts sent here principally for th.e benefit of the mother country, ought not to be borne by those free inhabitants. Fullysensible as I am of this, yet I have too perfect a recollection of this purposesfor which this Council is constituted—I have had too fatal experience in my own family of, the naiserje.s consequent; upon what I will only desigpate, as applicable J to this colony, any attempt to thwart the measures of the Government of my So* vereign, ever to lend myself .to an opposition, which however "it mav pander to - popularity, would be as impotent in its effect, Us it would be, therefore, factious as regards your Excellency's Goyern- ( meat. Called VFP°N, as I now am, to offer to your Excellency my .humble advice—all that by the constitution of this Council is permitted to any of its members—I submit it to . your Excellency accordingly. With all due respect, I advise-that your Excellency will please to use that influence which your high station in the community of your native; land must assure ,to you, to obtain fropa the Ministers of the Sovereign that justice ifcr the colony, in regard to the subject braugbt by your Excellency before thisCouncil, which I am satisfied your Excellency is of opinion the colonists -arei fairly entitled to. I leave' the matter with the most perfect confidenpe in your Excellency's hands, and I vote |fpr your Excellency's estimate." Now, who ishall say that a talk somewhat to the above" effect, put perhaps into much belter wordfe by Mr. O'Connor, would not have .been infinitely better calculated to obtain from Lord Stanley the so generally jdesired relief from what none can depiy is ^h/e very acm\ of injustjcp, than declarnatipn flf any sort—however inflated—rhojvfiver propitiatory, to the multitude it would have been? W®. bave already mentioned the silly attempt, made by the .Legislative Council in Sydney to " play at Parliament," by assuming to itself the right of imprisoning free Englishmen—for what members call breach" of privilege ; that is to say, that because ;Mr. Lowe, a Lawyer. thouglit proper to consider that a Mr. Macdermott was not his equal in the fighting way, .because that he had carried arms in the Queen's service—the want of equality being, we suppose, that fighting had "been Mr: "Macdermott's trade—that talking had been the trade of Mr. Lowe; the former, certainly, being quite as honourable in general acceptation,,as the other-— it,!oaight havp', b,een .suppose!, that the British Imperial Parliament haying suffered such a complete defeat in the privilege matter, by Mr. Stockdale, the BookseHer, that the AustraliaA Hybrid Council-would have eschewed rather than-sought to have involved itself in similar difficulties. Not so. Vanity is' the besetting .sin of man. . So certain of the ^ Sydney (CopLiicillprs r(^e ..capnot believe Jit | t ppj3.s^>le,itha.t men of. si^bt gppd judgment as j Messrs. Bland and WgotWQrth, can be of j the number,)-, have endeavoured ;to confine r. Macdermott. in. a gaol of their own—the aoler being the person they have nominated • mock) " Sergeant-qt-Arms." Now, We. ap-' rehend, that if the sham sergeant had at- j empted to bave captured the real sergeant,! he latter wopld haye taught him a lesson of hetrade which he would have remembered as ong as he lived—at l6ast, so he ought to have one, if he retained any remains of his old ocation,as a British soldier: The silly aflair a ' jseems'liowever to bave closed in smoke, as we find by ihe following extract from the -Australian. We shall enter fully upon-this subject next week:— ' . ' The Privilege Question. - Mr. Windeyer moved that the House resolve atself into Committee on- the report of the Select Commi ttee on the question of Privilege, which was assenibed tp, and Dr. Nicholson having taken. the ph^j^ lengthy and rathev-storey debate ^ sH^d relative tp ^he propriety of acce^Jing-to the report of the qo^mittee, which, in th.e jSf^j; instance, proposed that the Atl^rpfey-^enepal spbuld be requested tb file a trlniina 1 Infof faction in the Supreme Court againsV Alderman Macdewnott, Dr. -Macfarlanp and Capt. Moorfe' for a brfeach of, Ae privileges bf.the House, aiid in; Hie second. place, that a Bill should he forth-' ^h ^s^foj the pijrpose of j.;eiQo.ving, all- 4oj4>ts on rjjie 8whjep,(, ip Aiiu^e. The , Housev se^pifd prepy pearly equally divided,"/-the j-^" ~tr—?. — j u •< 1-oun^i Cowper, and Major Went worth; again^; it, the Attdrhey-Gisiieral,' Mr. ^Thtrry, Mrl Hamilton, Mr. Elwin, Dr. Lang, Mr. Suttor, Mr. Robinson, and the Collector of Customs; on the division there appejir^d &r.; so much of the report as recommended a prosecution 15; against.it 13 ; .the recommendation was, therefore, accededto by a majority of 2. The consideration of the recommendation .as to legislating on "the subject of privilege was- defeated until the following cUiy. 1 . " Friday, July 19. The question of Privilege taking the precedence or all other business, the House, at its sitting -' Uajtoc^^y.' molvc^' iteei# into Com-, mitte'e "for "the further . consideration of the Repp,rt from the Privilege Corttiriittee. Mr. Elwin in the; Chair. Mr._ Windeyer ipaaved the adoption by the Cotortittee of the concluding paragraph in the recommendatory clause o/ tiie Report^nam'ely j "That to prevent all doybt in future 6a?es, vo'ur CommitteYi iilcewise recommend That a Bill be .passed to confer upon 'the Council such powers as hiay be considered necessary to its efficiency j' The'ipplpnl^ .^ejbretary 'said:ihat since, tnis recommendation had been agreed to by the Select Committee, such very cogent reaspjrifj had been shown to him by an hon. mid learned friend [Mr. Foster was understood tobo alluded to) that he had inade up his mind to oppose the adoption pf the paragraph before ttje Committee, ^nd jto ^propose in lieu .tlierepf the moving <w an Address Jlo ;her i Majesty and j^tie Imperial Pp.tli^ri'en^•praying' ttiewio 'co^ such powers and phyd0ges onihe Cjitiiiei} -^s'ltiight he deemed %cess'ar^W its dignfjCj' tod protection. ;Kon. : tabaKer The Mi-. WinSeyer. who "cortloirdedthat, either the para- .jfliW^jn^.^'- 0 adopted or .rejected,' it not being competent in the Carijnntip6 to' substitute' a!nv • resolution by way of ^amendinbnt. After 'spme discussion, 'the 'Colonial Sm-ctary rgrped to withdraw the resolution v. ii'cl; be liar] proposed. ' Mr. Murray, after advort'r.gjo the nolontras abuse of the Privileges of ParTiairiient hy mem- •bei-s of botli Houses in the reigns of the Stuarts, and contending that the-pidjnary tribunals of t)ie coloiiy were sufficient to protect the Council in the discharge of its functions, moved' the previous question. Mr. Fbster entered at some length on the reasons which h a d induced him to express doubts as to the power of the Council to pass such a Bill ais was proposed in the report, and maintained that.jt was incompetent for any body t : p confer 'upon themselves power § which they dv not inherently poppess, or which Ihky derived fro a higher tribunal. '"' : ' . Mr. Lowe maintained that the House did posisess the power to pass such an Act as was contemplated, and deprecated the proposal of the Colonial Secretary to pass declaratory resolutions, or to. ask the Imperial Parliament to pass a'declaratory Act in their favour. The hon. and learned member took a rapid but ' brilliant survey of the rise and progress of the powers and privileges claimed and exercised by the two Houses of Parliament, and dwelt in his usual masterly style on-the sacred liberties of the subject, of whicl), he asserted, the privileges of the people's representatives were thegroundwork. '' ' Dr. Lang and Mr. Therry opposed the motion, which was supported by. Dr. Blandj Mr. Windeyer, the Attorney-General, and Mr' Wentworth. . 1 " . After a long and tedious debate, in which the mam questipn was but too frequently lost sight of in-the' maze of : legal perplexities «nd personal;.invec.tive that were again suffered tp blemTsh the speeches of the debaters, t!ie~ quesion Was put on the original motion (Mr. Murray having withdrawn his amendment) and icai-ried without a division. • The House having resumed, the Chairman reported that the Report had been adopted by the Committee.' • : M^/Windeyer then moved that the Speaker do request" tire • A ttorncy-General to move the • Supr6mfe Court for leave to file .& criminal information against Alderman Macdermott, Dr. Macfarlane, and Captain Moore. Mr. Cowper seconded the motion, which was greed to. ' ' The Speaker requested that the Attorney- General might be allowed time to. consider this request, and that on the following Wednesday he would be prepared to give his answer. It was agreed that this suggestion of the Speaker be complied with. 