ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. PAY THE PRINTER. To the Editor of TheAustralian Daily Journal, Sir,— Remissness in paying for the luxury of a newspaper has long been a subject of complaint among proprietors nnd editors ' People day after dav. month ufter month, and'vear after vear. as you justly remarked in a late remonstrance to debtors, read the. papers, without: ever bestowing 0 thought on the labour and expense requisite for their production, and without assisting to defray such expense, by forwarding their subscriptions regularly. Hoping that many of your , readers, who have hitherto acted in this way towards you, may be'shamed into a more honorable course of proceeding, by the perusual of the following little feu d'esprit, which originally appenrcd in the New York Mercury, and was afterwards copied into several English papers, I transcribe it with much pleasure, and now send it to you, for insertion in your widely-circulated columns : . ' At the request of the editor of the Railway Herald, I will preach on this occasion from the following text : ' If ye are honest, honorable men, Go, ye and— pay the Printer v ' My hearers— -There are many seeming trifles in this world, which you are apt to overlook, on account of their unimportance, the neglect ol which has plunged thousands into, the deepest mire of misery, and sunk their character' into in extricnble degradation.' Among these ostensible tiifles, that of neglecting to pay our honest debts is the most common, nnd attended with the worst consequences. It takes off the silken fur from the fine threads of feeling, creates a misanthropic cold ness about the. heart, skims off all the cream that may chance to rise upon the milk of generosity, and makes man look as savagely on his brother man as does a dog upon one of his species, while engaged in the gratifying employment of eating his master's dinner. One debt begets another 1 have always abs-rved, that he who owes a man a dollar is sure to o,we him a grudge, nnd he : is always more ready to pay compound interest on the latter than on the former. Oh, my friends,' to be over head and ears it love is a% bad a predl ? nment ns a person ought to be in ; but to be so deeply in debt that you can't Bleep at night without being haunted by the ghost of some insatiate creditor, is enough to give a man the hydrophobia, make him- bite a wheelbarrow, cause it to run mad, and create a general consternation among the lamp-posts. 'My dear friends — the debt that sits heaviest on the conscience of a mortal — If he- has one— is the debt due to the printer. It presses harder upon one's bosom than the night-more, galls the soul, frets and chases away every ennobling senti ment, squeezes the juice of fraternal sympathy from the heart, and leaves it drier than the surface of a roasted potatoe. A man who wrongs n printer out -of a single cent tan never expect to enjoy comfort in this world, and may well have doubts of finding happiness in the other. He will he ure to go down to the grave e'er time shall bedecks his brow with the silvery blossoms of age, and the green leaves of hope will fall belore the bud of enjoyment has expanded. It is true that the mushrooms of peace miiy spring up during a short night of forgctfulness, but they will all wither under the scorching tays of remorse. Mow can you, my friends, ever, have the wickedness and cruelty to.! cheat the printer, when you consider how much he has done, and is every day doing for you ? He has poured into the treasuries of your minds some I of the most valuable gift* that anything short of . a God ran bestow — -aye, riches which you would | not part with for the possession of the whole world. ! With the keys of magic, as it were, he has opened the iron-cased doors of the human understanding — dispelled the darkness of ignorance — and lit up the lamps of knowledge and wisdom. That mighty engine, the Press, is surrounded with, a halo of glory, and its effulgence extends all over the broad i empire of the mind, illuminating the darkest avenues of the heart ; nnd yet the printer, the man , who toils at the lever of this soul-enlightening in- 1 strument, is often robbed of his hard earned bread { by those whom he has delivered from mental bondage, and placed iji a paradise, to lay off and grow fat upon the fruits of his labours 1 ' Ob, you ungrattful sinners I It' you have hearts moistened with the dews' of mercy, instead of gizzards filled with gravel, take heed woat I { say unto you. If there be one among you in Hit! congregntion whose accounts are not settled with J the printer, go and adjust them immediately, and i be able to hold up your head in society like a giraffe; be respected by the wise and the good, free from the tortures of a guilty conscience, the mortifica tion of repeated duns, and escape from fulling Into the clutches at those licensed thieves — the ? ?? ? If you are honest nnd honourable men, you will go forthw th and pay tho printer. You will not wait for the morrow, because there is ho to-morrow; It is but a visionary receptacle for unredeemed promises; an addled egg In the great nest of the future; the ? debtor's hope, and the creditor's curse. If yon are dishonest, low-minded sons of Satan, 1 do not suppose you will ever pay the printer, as long as you have no reputation to lose, no character to sustain, and no morals to cultivate. But let me tell you, my friends, that if you don't do it, your paths to the tomb will bo strewn with thorns, you will have to gather your' dally food from brambles, your children will die of dysentery, and yourselves will never enjoy the blessings of health 1 [ once called on a sick person whom the doctors hnd given up as a gone ense. I asked him If he had made his peace with his Maker? He' said, yes. I then asked him if he had made his peace with his printer? He hesitated fora moment, and then said, he believed he owed him something like about two dollars and fifty cents, which he desired to have paid before he bid good-bye to the world. His desire was immediately gratified, and from that time he became convalescent. He is now living In the enjoyment of health and pros* perity, at peace with his own conscience, hi* God, and the whole world. ? Let this be an example for you, my Mends, Patronise. 'the' printer, take the papers, pay them In ndvnnce, . nnd your days will be long upon the' earth, and overflowing with the honey of happiness. ' My hearers, pny all your debts, and keep an honourable reckoning with your fellow-men ; but above all keep' paying, by daily instalments, that everlasting debt of gratitude which you owe to Him from whom you obtained the capital sufficient to begin the first transactions of life, so that, when you come to balance accounts at the great day of general settlement/all things may appear fair and above board. So may it be I' I remain, Sir, Your veiy obedient servant, ALIQUIS. August 8th, 1844. ? «» His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Captain Jaffray Nichol son, of her Majesty's 99th Rogimont of Poot, Commandant of tho Mounted Police,, to bo a Magistrate of the Territory, and also of tho City of. Sydney.— Government Gazette. 1 We are requested to call the attention of persons requiring a fsist Sailing Vossel bui table. for coasting and trading voyages, to the stile .of the new Schooner ' Thomas Lord,', which takes place to-day, at twelve o'clock, at tho rooms of ? Mr, Edward Salamon. The Privilege. Question.— This un toward affair is undeniably in mauvaise odeur with tho majority of the tnembers of tho Legislative Council. During tho dis cussion on the Chairman of Committees' Salary, Mr. 'Windoyor twitted the hon. Member for Murray with his frequent absence from his' post, to which the latter replied, that ho certainly had boon absont during several debates in the House, but he thought he had reason -to congratulate himself on not having been present at ono or two of them, more particularly during the unfortunate debate on -the Privilege Question ! Tho hon. and learned Chairman of the Privilege Committee looked unutterable things. ' A few days ago, a large Boar -entered the farm-yard of Mr. Faithful, at Lako Ville, Richmond, nnd was immediately attacked by five dogs bolonging to tho ostablishmont, whom he contrived to keep at' bay for, a considerable time by . placing his back against tho barn, none vonturing to' ap proach him too nearly, and ho seeming determined to ramble ovor the premises at his leisure. One of the dogs . more bolder than his follows :vfc length made a dash at the intrudor and seized him by tho ear, when tho B'-nr became infuriated, and with his tusk inflicted such a desperato wound in the. dog's nock that he almost instantly expired. Tho. boar then attacked another of the dogs ? and ripped open, his shoulder to the oxtont oi three or four inches. .One of the' farm sorvants, alarmod by tho barking, howling and grunting, and seoing tho dos porato.pncounter and unfortunate exit of his iavorito^dog, seized a long' ,sticlc and mado towards .tlio ferocious, brute. Ho turned fiercely upon the mail who narrowly escaped this fearful visitation, by giving tlio boar n tromendous blow with the stick and dis possessing him of ono of his formidable tusks, when he deemed it advisable to re treat. A day or. two previously v to this, tho same . boar had killed a valuable dog belonging to Mr. Faithful, and it will be well for the owner of the brute to tako the' necessary means to prevent' a third visit to the farm, which Mr. F. is resolved shall bo his last. ' ? - ? 