1XS0LV13NCY DEPARTMENT. PROOF OF CLAIMS. ? Saturday, Ana. 1. — Before the Chief Com missioner. ..:-.- In the estate of Tt. C. Gordon, a specinl meet ine* \\\\*n-t hplrf. nnH nnp r»lnlm nrnvoH. In the estate of \v. H. '-nwyer, a special meet ing was held, and one claim proved. ' MEETINGS OF CREDITORS. THIS DAY. George Knble, of Bathurst, a third- . meeting, at .................. 10 30 a.m. Ralph Nixon, an adjourned ditto .. 11 . a. m. J. Fenrnley and Co., a special ditto, R. G. Dunlop and Co., an adjourned at ? 2 p.m. Tuesday, August 6. John Waite, a special meeting, to decide an offer of composition, at 10 a.m. Joseph Wnlford, an adjourned special ditto, at ? ;. .. .. 10 30 a.m. W. J. Lnmb, a special meeting for examination (called for by Mr. Dillon') at .................. 11 a.m. II G. Dunlop and Co., an adjourned special ditto at .... ..2 p.m The following Notice was exhibited on the door of the Insolvent Court on Saturday :— NOTICE. During the sittings of the Court for causes, tlv sittings in Equity (on every Fridny as at pre sent) will be in the long 'room upstairs. The Court will sit for Insolvency business (on every Wednesday at ten o'clock) in the creditors' room, adjoining the Chief Commissioner's Office. (Signed) Alfred Stephen. William a'Beckktt. Licenser Victuallers' Association. — Pursuant to notice, Mr. Wfcntworth will move, on 'Wednesday evening, for loavo to bring iu a Bill to regulate the sale of fer mentod and spirituous liquors in the colony. This Bill — an abstract of which wo published in tho Australian of tho 5th ultimo— has been prepared by Mr. Q-. 11. Nichols, at the instance of the Sydnoy Licensed Victuallers' Association, and in tlio able hands of Mr. YVcntwortli it will doubtless obtain tho best consideration of tho .Legislature. Tho com mittee of the Association have agreod to appoint collectors in each ward of the city to secure tlio subscriptions of those who xvre interested in tho successful progress of tho Hill, and whoso contributions aro -roquirod to defray tho necessary oxponses of its ini tiation. We have littlo doubt that the mer chants and othors who nro equally con cernod with tho Licensed Victuallers them selves in tho objocts of tho measure, will cheerfully aid the' exertions of tho Com mitteo in tho very essential matter of finance. School of Arts. — Mr. Rue's first Lec ture'on the character and gonius of Burns, will take place this evening in tho theatre of this Institution. T-ho recently published Essays by Professor- Wilson ; the oxcellont edition by Mr. Cunningham of tho Life and Works of Scotland's greatest ; and last, though perhaps not least, tho singular cor respondence of 'Burns and Clariiida, which has just been presented to the public, havo all tended to make the subject that Mr. Rao has chosen, -one of general interest. We anticipate much ploasuro from his Lectures, and shall expect to soo.tho theatre crowded by tho members and friends of, the School of Arts. . \ . ?.'.'.- Koyal Victoria Theatres — That de serving favorito of the public, Mr. Sinios, takes his benefit this evening, whon a ver sion of Ainsworth's famous historical record of tho Tower of London, will bo producod for the first time. A musical Melange, and a variety 'of ontortninintmts, including a juvenile ballot dance, called tho Festival of Floha, will form the entremets of tho attractive bill of faro, which winds up its list of good things with the laughable farco of the Rival Ghosts. Wo hope tho claims of Mr. Simos will not bo forgotton on this occasion. - ? The WeatIier.— The incessant wet wenthor has partially susponded business in tho public ofnco.s, and confuiod many of our most emcient public officers within doors. Among tho number wo may mention Mr. Winduyer, the Police Magistrate, and Mr. Dolohory, the Chiof Clerk tit the Police Office, who nro both proverbial for the punctuality of their attendance to their ros pectivo duties. ? . 