BRIEF MEMOIR OF MR. O'CONNELL. ; Daniel O'Connell was born on the 6th of August, 1775, at Carhen, near Caherciveeff in the barony of Iveraghj and county of Kerry. His father was Mr. Morgan O'Connell, of Carhen, who was married to Catherine, daughter of Mr. John O'Mullane, oF Whitechurch, in the county of Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donohues ( dhuv ), or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Connell was educated on the continent partly at Lou vain, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Dorouay. On his return to Lritamhe had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, " when he was prepared to enter Trinity college, Trinity College was noir prepared to receive him" Having swallowed the regular number of legs of .mutton at the Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to the Irish bar, in Easter term, 1796. Mr. O'Connell married on the 3rd of June, 1802, his relative Mary, daughter of Mr. Edward O'Connell, M. D., of Tralee; he succeeded his father m 1809, and in 1825, by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, succeeded to the family estate of Darrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knight of the Cross of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and colonel of the late 6th regiment of the Irish brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator ; he died on the 9th of July,-1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in France; he was the youngest of twenty-two children by one marriage, of whom one half lived to the age of 99, at which age this venerable patriot died. He was born in August, 1734, at Darrynane, the residence of his father, Mr. Daniel O'Connell. — The Post adds, with very bad taste- — " The above is taken from an Irish country paper. The writer has omitted to notice that persons of the strongest constitution and the most long lived families are as liable to be fatally affected by the process of hanging as men of the most tender and precarious health. It is rumoured, moreover, that none of her Majesty's subjects is more satisfied of the unhealthfulness and general disagreeableness of imprisonment than is Mr. Daniel O'Connell. His abstract hatred of the Saxon is nothing to the particular and positive hatred which he bears to the cholera, andvto the inside of a prison." The London Weekly Chronicle with better judge ment puts "one word to our Tory Contemporaries, who are chuckling over the- thoughts of seeing Mr. O'Connell comfortably shut up for so many months, or years. We have heard of catching a tartar, and selling the Bear's Skin before the Bear was killed. The case is not unlikely to be their own. Mr. O'Connell will, probably, defend himself and when we recollect the miserable exhibition made by the Crown prosecutor, Mr. Cusack Smith, upon every occasion, on which his services were -required in Parliament, we cannot help anticipating such a failure on the part of any Government, which he represents, as will cover it with, ridicule, and. odium, whatever be the technical result." 