THEATRICALS. "He had heard, that somebody else had some- where said." So scantily productive of new or interesting topics is our daily matter-of-fact routine, that any incident tending to break the monotony is, as small donations always and everywhere are said to be, thankfully received. For the nonce, then, we have been favored in this way by things Theatrical! A tragedy, said to be of colonial manufacture, and intituled "The Hibernian Father,' was recently produced at the Victoria. It was re- ceived with great favor, and, after its second representation, became generally popular. But; no sooner had the reputed author's laurels begun to sprout, than there came a nipping frost! The "Hibernian Father" is declared to be a kidnapped bantling ! and his birth, parentage, &c.;, duly disclosed. The Rev. Mr. Grove, a Pro- testant clergyman in Ireland, is proclaimed as the unhappy parent who has been bereaved of his offspring — by him denominated the Warden of Galway. Of courso, the fortunate dis- coverers expressed, as it was natural and proper they should, their just horror at the enormity of the offence, and their anxiety to visit the of- fender with condign chastisement. But, the alleged bereavement is indignantly repudiated by the colonial author ! who solemnly avers that he is "the original cake-maker !'' Nay, more, that not only is the "Hibernian Father" his own legitimate offspring, but that he has never quitted his (the colonial author's) paternal roof! Now, this last averment is very material to the issue, inasmuch as it is stated on the other side, that, subsequently to the kidnapping, the said "Hibernian Father" (though whether in his infancy, boyhood, adoloscence, or maturity, it is not specified) has been grievously mutilated and disfigured ! Supposing, therefore, that the al- leged Rev. progenitor were here, and that he were the real flrst cause of the Hibernian Father's being, still, he could only pretend to identify in the lump ! — and the changes may have been so great, that (like Sir. John Dyer's silk stockings, which had been so often darned with worsted) the original substance might be altogether undiscoverable. However, to speak seriously, deliberate pla- giarism is a disgraceful, an unpardonable offence ; and the man who commits it, is a pitiful sneak. He is, in every sense of the word, unmanly and unprincipled. If the cheat in this case be de- monstrable, by producing an authentic printed copy of Mr Grove's play, by all means let it be demonstrated, and the offender receive the severest castigation that the law of literature can inflict. But, in the absence of this only legitimate modoeof deciding, let the pretenslons of the actual claimant remain undisturbed. This is but fair play and good feeling. It must not, in the meantime, be overlooked, that the reference made to this disputed question, through the daily journals, bears, for the most part, the imprint of individual bad feeling as regards certain members of the Victoria estab- lishment; and through them, the writers (or rather the writer, for all the uncharitable effu- sions plainly emanate directly, or indirectly, from the same source) strike at the poor de- fenceless colonial author. In the Herald of Friday there is, with some pretending name not now remembered, a letter on this subject. In this vulgar, self-conceited epistle, there is manifest rancour towards the management (i. e. manager and proprietor of the Victoria) gross insult to the whole of the company — the in vidious exceptions apart* — and cowardly ill- nature against the poor reputed author, who is made a sort of scape-goat to atone for the petty animosities and heart-burnings of a discarded toady, flitting, like an angry ghost, in the shade of the Thespian orbit. Malicious slander may assail the fairest fame Ata distance of sixteen thousand miles, where the venue is laid, it is easy to trump up stories of any kind. It is quite as possible for these imputa- tions upon the originality of the '"Hibernian Father" to be vamped up charges, as for the "Hibernian Father" to be a vamped up version of the Warden of Galway. In the absence of the means of refutation, nothing is more easy than to make assertions ; which assertions, may be pure malevolent fabrications, or the result of confused recollections — a mistake as to identity! And when the imagination, even of the best intentioned persons, receives an impression of this kind, we all know the wonderful rapidity of the process by which those persons pass from doubt to absolute certaintv ! Indeed, in most of these cases, the greater the doubt, primarily, the more absolutely is the converse maintained in tho end. We very well know, too, how easy it is to make proselytes in this way. Hence the success of all impostures from the beginning of time. What, but this flexibility of the human mind, gave success to the fantasies of Prince Hohenlee, Mr. St. John Long, of Johanna South- cote, and Dr. Pusey ? How-else account for the recent laughable gullibility of the noble Earl Shrewsbury? If the Rev. Mr. Grove has been plundered, and his offspring maltreated, as alleged, un questionably they are good Samaritans who came to his delivrance. But, if no bereavement has taken place, and, by consequence, the worthy divine needs no intermediation, then may the curious in this discussion take their stand with that honest enquiring gentleman, all anxiety to hear the story of the knife-grinder — who had No Story To Tell ! ! In the mean time, let us leave the two Dromios to rectify the mistakes of their own, or other people's making. We have a good playing, and well played, tragedy added to our stock : there fore, "whethor Cassio kill Roderigo, or Ro- derigo kill him, either way makes our game." The allusion in the aforesaid letter about 'a stage where the English drama is discarded to make room for "Whitechapel honors, &c.;," is an impotent effort to be venomous ; that is to say, the venom is there, but the fangs are drawn. These puny eructations can hurt no one but the bilious originator. A large capital is invested (indeed it may be said sunk) in the Victoria. It is but reasonable therefore to suppose, that those pieces alone are produced which promise most popularity : while on the other hand, it is but charitable to assume that the public have sufficient moral feeling, and discrimination, to favor alone those productions which are intrinsically good. It is all very fine, among a certain set, to talk, of the LEGITIMATE DRAMA. This is mere cant. We cannot always be walking upon stilts ; — an able statesman, a philosopher, or an erudite scholar will find gratification in "The Mysteries of Udolpho," "The Arabian Nights," and every other species of heavy romance, or light works of fiction. Theatrical proprietors and conductors have assuredly no bed of roses ! They must cater to every taste ; strive to conciliate every order of play-goers ; and, withal, strugglo to put money in their purse! To contend with an intes- tine disconten' behind the curtain, and with captious expectants before it! No envi- able undertaking, Heaven knows ! It is absurd to compare, disparagingly, the Sydney Theatre with any of the London Establish- ments ; because there, we find particular kinds of entertainments, suited to the tastes of every section of the community. The two national theatres are, or ought to be, set apart for exhibiting the higher productions of the drama : we have then a regular gradation of establish- ments for all the other manifold variations of the mimic art. Here, we must effect a com- promise ; and to do this successfully, requires no ordinary degree of dexterity. It is but fair to assume, that those in command (seeing that their daily bread is concerned), devote their best exertions to satisfy the public generally ; and that, if they fail, the fault is not with them. Objectlonable pieces have undoubtedly been brought out, but even here, great illiberality has been shown. "The Devil's Daughters" was not noticed for a week after its production— and after it was finally withdrawn ; on the very day, too, when a five act tragedy was announced for representation, and which might have been received as a peace-offering for the former indiscretion. The piece was bad and deserved castigation, but the animadversions upon it were unseasonable. A disposition has been manifested by the Victoria to exhibit sterling plays. Many of this class have been produced, and produced efficiently. We have been presented with Macklin's excellent comedy of "The Man of the World," and from Mr. Griffiths, Sir Pertinax received ample justice. Let the public show a disposition to support the theatre, and there can be no doubt that good pieces will be continued. The Victoria is liberally conducted, has very superior properties, and, upon the whole, an efficient company. Let the public co- operate, by liberal attendance, make reasonable allowances ; above all, let the snarls of Theatrical dabblers and criticasters be disregarded, and all will proceed harmoniously. * A mere weak, invention of the enemy— alias, an artful dodge that has broken down. 