Domestic Intelligence. Intelligence has reached town of an extensive robbery, committed on New Year's day, at the Merri-jig Hotel, Port Fairy, by two men who slept there on that night, and absconded on the following morning, carrying with them; the landlord's cash-box, containing thirty-five pounds in gold, about a hundred pounds in bank notes, and a very large amount in cheques and orders. Mr. Clarke, Professor of Music, is making an effort to introduce the Wilhelm sys- tem of tuition in singing, which, under the name of " Singing for the Million" has of late- years attracted a large share of public attention in the mother country. A public rehearsal of Mr. Clarke's pupils under this system is an- nounced to take place on Monday afternoon at the Mechanics' Institution. Benjamin Boyd, Esq., has declined the honour of being placed in nomination for a sent in the Legislative Council, in the event of a vacancy occurring either by the resignation of his Worship the Mayor or Mr. Ebden. 'His Excellency the Governor has ap- pointed Mr. William Redmond Belcher, Clerk of Petty Sessions at Melbourne, Port Phillip, in the room of Mr. Charles Forrest, resigned. The office of Superintendent of Water Police at William's Town, together with the Water Police Office, have been abolished by the Legislative Council. Capt. Banbury will in all probability obtain the appointment of Harbour Master, for which office a salary of £250 a-year has been voted. The Governor has declined compliance with the recommendation of the Legislative Council for the allowance of one year's salary to all government officers whose offices have been abolished within the last two years, in so far as the police magistrates are concerned, the ground of refusal being that the office in question has not hitherto been considered of a permanent nature, or as one entitling the holder of it to compensation on its abolition. The Hon. R. Dundas Murray has announced for publication a new work relative to this province, to be called " A Summer at Port Phillip ; including the latest information regard- ing that Colony." The Melbourne Times gave up the ghost with the close of the year. The January sittings of the Court of Requests for the Town of Melbourne and County of Bourke, commenced on Monday last, and terminated on the same day. There were 184 cases on the list. The fines levied from drunkards at the Melbourne police-office, have hitherto been paid over to the Sub-Treasurer, and remitted to Sydney for the benefit of the Benevolent Asylums there. On Thursday the Mayor gave directions that they should be retained in court until it could be seen whether the money might not be made applicable to local charities. The Newspaper Acts (which by the way sadly want revision by the Legislature,) are notable instances of the loose manner in which the old council was wont to set about legislation, the clause in General Darling's famous Gagging Act which rendered a second conviction for se- ditious libel punishable with transportation, being repealed twice over, once in 1828-9, and again in 1842. Mr. Horatio Nelson Carrington, ex- Attorney of the Supreme Court, has returned to the province by the Shamrock, steamer. The Insolvency of Benjamin Baxter, Esq., occasions a vacancy in the office of As- sessor for Bourke Ward. Alderman Kerr, the Alderman of the Ward, has appointed Tuesday next, the 9th instant, at 12 o'clock, noon, in the Crown Inn, Lonsdale-street, for holding a meeting of the burgesses for the nomination of candidates to.supply the vacancy. Mr. T. C. Riddle, wine and spirit merchant, is erecting extensive baths on the north bank of the river adjoining the dam at the head of the basin, which, when finished, will prove of great benefit to the inhabitants of Mel- bourne. A large number of Ticket-of-leave holders resident in the town have failed to comply with the Government notice requiring them to muster their Tickets at the Police Office on the 1st. instan ; the penalty is forfeiture of the in- dulgence should the Bench think proper, Country residents are allowed till the 14th in- stant. Messrs. Sewell and Postlethwaite are appointed Solicitors to the Port Phillip Bank. The District Council for the County of Bourke have taken offices at Richmond. The Council commences operations on Monday. — Henry Moor, Esq.; Solicitor, is the Secretary, and James Smith, Esq., J.P., the Treasurer. The Legislative Council has broken up without giving assistance in any shape to the Mel bourne Mechanics' Institution, though the Go vernor led the Port Phillip members when they waited upon him to believe, that he would include in the supplementary estimates of expenditure to be laid before the Council, a sum sufficient to liquidate the debt due by the institution. The Sydney Mechanics' Institution, however, received the usual annual donation of £200. By dint of active exertion on the part of the Chief Constable the jury lists for the ensuing year are completed, and will be exhibited for pub lic inspection after Monday next. By a strange anomaly in the law, all persons resident within fifty miles of Melbourne ( which would of course include Geelong,) are liable to serve on juries at Quarter Sessions, but the Supreme Court jury list embraces a circle of thirty miles only, and the Geelong folks are consequently exempt. The Legislative Council during its first session passed twenty-two bills, which received the assent of the Governor on behalf of Her Majesty. — Three other bills which passed the Council were reserved for Her Majesty's consider ation. The annual meeting of the Auxiliary Bible Society of Australia Felix will be held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institution on Monday evening next. The Lord Keane takes a number of passengers, chiefly mechanics, who have resolved to try their fortune at the Cape of Good Hope. The Valparaiso Eldorado, of a few months ago seems to have settled down into sad and sober reality. Mr. M'Leay does not, as was antici- pated, resign his office as Speaker of the Legisla tive Council with the close of the session. Prior to the prorogation on the 28th ult., the Hon. Gentleman informed the house that should God be pleased to spare his life another year, he hoped still to fill the office which had through them been rendered so easy to him. We think that consider ing his advanced years, and the frail state of his , health, the old gentleman would have acted more wisely had he resigned the office in favor of some person better able to sustain the fatigue which attaches to the due discharge of the duties of so responsible a situation. A meeting is called by advertisement in several of the newspapers " of those friends of Ireland who have signified their intention of con- tributing to the funds of the Loyal National Re peal Association of Ireland, now struggling for the restoration of her domestic Parliament." There can be no great objection to the repealers of the province giving vent to their sympathy with the repeal movement, for at 16000 miles distance sym pathy cannot be productive of much harm, but as these are not exactly the times for spending money on mere chimeras we would recommend the meet ing to content themselves with sympathising, and employ any spare funds they may have in relieving the distress which exists among but too many of their countrymen in the province. The Geelong Advertiser states that a very excellent species of drip stone has recently been found on the banks of the Barwon, which purifies and cools the water very effectively at the rate of a gallon per hour. Messrs Strachan and Co., of Geelong, have shipped by the Rajah for London, a quan- tity of leather of colonial tanning, manufactured at their tannery on the Barwon river. Our Geelong contemporary, in noticing this new article of export, very truly remarks, that should this speculation succeed it will be a vast improve ment upon the present method of sending the raw hides end the bark in bulk to tan them in England. The prices realised at the last monthly cattle sales at Fyansford and South Geelong were — fat cattle £3 18s, per head; milch cows £4 4s. The Rev, Mr. Gell, the Principal of the College which Sir John Franklin endeavoured to establish in Van Diemen's Land, and which, owing, we believe, principally to its intolerant high church character, proved a failure, has arrived from Launceston in the Christina. 