CITY COUNCIL, At a meeting of the City 'Council,, on Monday ast, a lengthy discussion -ensued relative to the lewerage of the Ci y. ; It is possibly within the recollection of man v. of our readers, that some time in' January last, it was determined by 'a vote of the1 Council, that T the sum of £0000 should be appropriated towards 'defraying the expense of draining the City, by means of sewers. Sec ; end, m we look upon the undertaking to be one of paramount imporlnnce, we are, rather sur prised that so' much time should 'have been allowed to elapse without nny steps being taken in the 'matter; but some light wns. thrown on the business, by the elucidation*, which took place during the discussion, on Monday, in the Council ; it would seem, that in consequence of the resolu tion of the Council in Jnnunry, the late Mayor had placed on, his 'financial minute of April Inmt, containing.an estimate* of the probable expendi ture for the ensuing half year, a. sum of, .£34)00, for CRrryi.ng mtp eflj^ct the snid undertaking of the sewerago j which,, however, had not yet been even ?commenced. The whnlejol the funds at the com-; mnntl of the Council.hl^ing been expended, under the direction of thejjjjjjgoiird of Works, in laying down surface drninB^ffiaajiaking other improve ments, which were considered necessary, ns pre paratory steps to'the' more weighty matter of the sewerage. We admit that the surface drainage is n component and essential part of the under' taking, -.but we- see no, reason why a mark of so much consequence should not be proceeded with nnd. completed as early as possible. 'One of 'the recently elected members (Mr Fisher) opposed its being executed at. the present time, on the grounds that the Citizens could not now bear the burden of the asspasment necessary to cover the expense of so extensive n project ; and the same gentleman observed that he did not consider the of Council of November to be bound by a resolution the Council of January previous : in other words, that the new members elected on the first instant, would not be tied down by the ncls of tbe.Council prior to thai date. Witho-Jt entering at present in'o the legality of this last expressed opinion of the worthy .Councillor,' we will rrierelv ask, allowing that there may be some truth in the resumption that the inhtibitHnrs will not be-very reaiiy to be taxed' at this moment, even for n pnrpose in which the health and comfort of ev*ry individual is materially concerned — ^doei. it tollow, that 'on that account alone, this very essential work should be abandoned? Why may not the sum necessiiry for the expenditure be mixed on loan, as we understood it was at 'one tinie intended. We have now the warm weather setting in, bring ing in its train, all the evils which imperatively call for the adoption of some menus of cleansing the City frjin- the impurities and filth, that' tend, to produce those disorders, which in a, climate* like ours, too often prove fntnl'to. thousands « we, .therefore, trust 'the. Council will forthwith take the 'necessary measures' for commencing -this undertaking. We are rather surprised, thnt with, a vk-w both to economy, and expe rience, the Tank stieatn has not been' set d,own in the plan ns tlie' Bite of the main sewer. 1 hat it is a proner and' efficient 'one, past expe rience r has' fully shown; and, thnt itis quite cnp.'ible of currying off whatever mny be con veyedjnto, it by tlje branch newer*, may be. con- fidently presumed. ' The expense required for exenvnting according to the plan lnid down, will, by such 'mentis, be 'saved to a grear extent,- to say nothing of the many conveniences attending the converting into a main sewer this stream, which, under all the circumstances, must be covered in. We also trust some Immediate resolutions will be adopted for a more effectual lighting of the City; thi9, ns we have before observed,: the Cor poration are cal'ei on to do. by the Municipal Act ; this they nre bound t ? dp lor the comfort and safety of their cot.stitu.cnts The opinion started by one of the members of the Corporation, that as the Gjvernme.it had taken tr.c control of the Police into their- hands, they -had n right to be called on to. tight the City hIso,-^- the lighting being an important branch of the Police — we can-, not altogether -n'gree with, al'houg'i we ; quite concur with him in thinking, that if the streets were better lighted, the duties of the Police would be rendered more easy and at the tame time more efficient , ? : ; . ? There is nlso. another circumstance to- which lUtention ought to he directed; it being - ne wherein the health of the Citizens ia'conc.rnp'd,' we nllude to the pestilential effluvia which arises in severnl pnrts Of the City, owing to'the escape of the gas, moat probably from the points of junction between' the main i\nd service, pipes We nre surprised the Gas Company do 'not looH to this, ns'it must be productive of a serious loss to them. '.*' ? r' - \ ' ? . . ?? .'?.-?- ;?;:. Wp observe,. Jilr. ;' Joseph .Simmons, the proprietor . of t ? t lib','. Tayistock Hotel , 'h as ad vortiied ' liis ' intention . of. ' coriimoncirig a Table 'd'Ifotc; he promises a (rood dinner', with ale, or' porter,' for1 ''a shilling.'* This is' '-certainly reasonable, ? and deserves ; onr oourngeinont. ?;:-?,?? .???/ ?; , : ..- More Wicked Willainy.— ^-Yesterclay morning nbout ton o'clock, Messrs. CassoU, Watson, Inspectors of 'distillorios, accom panied' by Constable Goebert, procoodod to .the house of a 'person named James Stir ling, at tho' Rodforn' estate, whero' they soi/.ed twa tin stills, ono capable of holding two'nty 'gallons, 'which 'appeared' to' have boon in nporation, and the other (being' in comphite) capable of containing ten gallons, which, they found laid up in ordinary. Tho proprietor was found ? in tho very act, of superintending the boiler, undor which there was a. rousing firo. No precaution had ap parcntly boon taken by Mr. Stirling (who admitted that Ihe was but 'a novice in tho art and mysteiy of illicit distillation) to dis guise his occupation,' ns the inspectors found tubs and vessels lying about in bbhutiful disorder, tocothor with n, cask con taining' about 130 lbs', of sugar, n five gallon keg of yoast, a .stone jar of coloring matter, and a quantity of wash in a atato of formentntion.* Tho whole apparatus, with its appurtetmncos, *&c;, were conveyed to tho Cnrtors' Barracks, to' keep company with tho THtniornqB curiosities of a similar nature, which havo been alrendy dopositod thore, for tho inspection of amateurs. . ' Transfer Day.- — 'Hesday next is one , of tho regular 'days, fixt-d by tho Licensing Act, for onnsiderintr npplioitions for tho trnnsler of publicans' licensop. ! Two of the ingenious fraternity of 'Smashors' were alao had up for examina tion, beforo Mr. Windeyer, at tlio Police Uffico, yesterday, and wero remanded to this morning, having been detected in tho act of distributing counterfeit shillings and half crowns on tho previous day. Crime in. the. Metropoiis. — The re-, cords of the Police have exhibited a frightful increase of crime in the metropolis during the. last six. weeks. Uha late atrocious murder, ? howover, spems to have, had the effect of absorbing the. attention, of,, the tbioves and- pickpockets oa. much, _as. tQ. cause a temporary cessation in 'thoirr np .farious Dursuits lately; although the petty .larceny gentry ' appear to be redoubling thoir assiduities to the hen robsia of : their more wealthy neighbours, aF tlio holidays advance. Yestorday, another of those bon vivantt. was comniittod for trial,, at the Police-ofllce, for stealing a fine fat goose for her Christmas dinner. T.HEATiacAi.s— We witnessed last even ing, for the first timo at this'Thoatre, tho production of a Nautical Farce, in two acts, entitled ' Our First Lieutonant.' Notwith standing' the piece nppearsto have been 'got up in haste, and' produced, too early, inas much as with the1 exception of Griffiths and Doering,' tho performers were very imper fect ; itwas'woll received,' as was its an nouncement for - repotition on ? Saturday evening. - We shall reserve tho full expres sion of our opinion of the piece till after its second representation, as itis one 'of thoso on which nil depo'nds on tho performors being' well up in their parts.' Mrs. Bu sholle. sang ' Fortune's! Frowns' in herr usual brilliant style.. The othor porform nnoes seern,«d to afford gonoral satisfaction and a'muBomcnt to a very good house.. Qhost of Pyrm'ont.— Information was given to the Police, 'yesterday, that Beverul women and other timid persons residing at Pyrmont, have .boon J alarmed at nights latoly, by what appeared to them to bo ft the supernatural appearance of a visitant, froirt thoVorld of Bpirits,' who, clad; in 'a. winding-BhoQt and high cap, is in the habit of. circumambulating the township, and paying iiocturnal visits to the ' neighbours. Several females near their confinement have been nearly frightened out of their wits by such ill-timed -and indecont pleasantries; nnd even one of tho boldest of the male inhabitants, who threatentid to shoot at the supposed ghost, and' sat. up' half the night for that laudable purpose, as soon as, the door opened at midnight— that ; ''? ? '' ; ' Witching hour of night '— was seized with a sudden panic, dropped his piece, and betook himself to precipitate llight. ? / ' ' '- : Losing Weight.— On Sunday night, some person, for whom, it is manifest, no thing was ' too hot or ?too'b/savy,'? for htm to stoal, made oil' with half a l^undred weight (5G lbs.) from the door of M.r. Jacques, shopkeeper,- of George-stroet, Still HuNTivNa.-r-^r, ?; Watsoji,. In-, spector of Distillorios, accompanied by Con- j stable Goobert, proceeded to Cook's Rivor! yestorday morning, in' search of an illicit still, which was supposed f(O be l.ii operation ! in'that neigl»bourhood.m ?? ?' ; ' ?'?'??'', 