SKETCH OF PRINCE ALBERT. | The following sketch of Prince Albert, from the Birmingham Journal, may not be uninteres- ting to many of our readers at this juncture. It is from the pen of one who had a good oppor- tunity of seeing what he has described, in regard to the personal appearance and manner of the consort of her Majesty, while he possesses all the shrewdness and judgment necessary to form some inference therefrom, as to his Royal High, ness's general character. He is, moreover, as Lord Byron says of himself, " no flatterer :" In stature, Prince Albert must be nearly, if not quite five feet eleven. He stands almost as tall as Mr. Henry Muntz, with whom we had a leisurely opportunity of comparing him, and whose height touches on six feet. The Prince's shoulders are more square, and his waist more slender than an English taste would quite ap- prove, though the excess is not great. His limbs aro perfectly formed, the arms hang well, the neck is finely rounded, and the head, which is of a good form, is admirably set on. The face is singularly good, the forehead broad and ample, the eyebrows finely pencilled, the nose straight and well shaped, with a mouth of much sweetness, and teeth like ivory. The lower part of the face has that massive breadth which we are accustomed to see in most German faces. The Prince's royal aunt, the Duchess of Kent, has a good deal of it, and the pictures of his uncle, King Leopold, give to him still more. The eye of the Prince is the least no- ticeable feature of the Prince's countenance. It is light coloured, and when his features are in repose, has a dreamy appearance. When he speaks, however, and especially when he smiles, it lightens up with great brilliancy. When he landed at the railway he looked pale, as if fatigued ; in the Town Hall his aspect was pleasantly excited. His general complexion, however, is pallid, verging on sallow. His hair is brown, and he has not much of it. The moustache and whiskers, which are small, though larger than in most of the portraits, are also brown. His port is very erect and commanding. His walk is measured and graceful, but somewhat, as the French say of English walking, en dansant. Taking his face and person altogether, ' we should say we have rarely, if ever, seen so good-looking a man. Both are of a kind that, were we to meet with their owner in a short stage, or to seek shelter from a shower with him under a gateway, it would be impossible not to feel kindly disposed towards one who, to so perfect symmetry, adds an expression of mildness and good heartedness altogether irre- sistible. Were we to speculate, as physiognomists, on the disposition of the Prince, we should perhaps set him down as of a temper more easy and flexible than, under all circumstances, might he compatible with a stern maintenance of right. His intellect we should imagine to be versatile rather than profound. His heart, we should say, more than his reason, would be apt to go- vern h'»resplves; and,VikejaoVtmenof,genuine ntWliihi« urn p>««IAAtttoV>it»'ifi>«i»»^» j» fc.l. ii by his friends, even when he did not, it might be, quite approve of the road we were going Wo would look upon him, in brief, to be a man with rather too little mischief in him to keep mischief off him. Such a character is not, it may be, very stately and grand, nor very pro- foundly philosophical, but it is very good and very loveable. The manners of the Prince seem to be of the simplest and most unaffected kind. He conversed with the owners of the establish- ments that he visited with the most engaging familiarity, without the smallest appearance of the stiffness and hauteur that are so commonly associated with high rank, and still less with any show of that proud and lordly condescen- sion, which is, perhaps, more repulsive than the simple and naked obtrusion of arrogance. _ The Prince exhibited, in every instance, an intimate acquaintance with the objects which he came to see, and their uses. It is possible, though not likely, that he might have been at the trouble of studying them for the occasion. If so, he is certainly an opt and diligent scholar. If his acquaintance with Birmingham manufactures was a result of his general studies, which we think it was, then is his range of knowledge neither narrowly circumscribed, nor has his in- formation been idly or indifferently gathered. To this we may properly append the following letter, which has been addressed .to the Mayor of Birmingham since the Prince's visit. It is corroborative of our contemporary's judgment as to the amiability of the Prince Consort. We must premise that an accident occurred to some children during the Prince's visit to Birming- ham on Wednesday : "Drayton Manor, Nov. 30,1843. " My dear Sir,-By the accounts which have reached tho Prince this morning, by 'the news- papers, his Royal Highness is very sorry that two accidents of a serious nature occurred yes- terday, especially in the case of the poor boy who had his thigh brokon; and his Royal Highness has commanded me, in his name, to write to you to inquire after the poor sufferer. The retro- spection of yesterday will always leave on the Prince's mind the most gratifying impression. " Believe me, my dear Sir, your faithful servant, " G. E. ANSON." " The Mayor of Birmingham." BRIEF MEMOIR OF O'CONNELL.-Danie O'connell was born on the 6th of August, 1775, at Carhen, near Oaherciveen, in the barony of Iveragh, and county of Kerry -the very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and com- menced that bloody struggle by which they established their national independence. His father was Mr. Morgan O'Connell, of Oarthen, who was married to Catherine, daughter of Mr. John O'MulIane, of Whited-ehurch, in the county of Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donougesftf/imi.}, or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Connell was educated on the Continent, partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain hu had to undergo the formality of study, ing his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, " when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not prepared to receive him." Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to the Irish bar, in Easter Term, 1706. Mr. O'con- nell married on the 3rd of June, 1802, his re- lative Mary, daughter of Mr. Edward O'con- nell, M.D., of Tralee; he succeeded his father in 1809, and in 1825, by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, succeeeded to the family estate of Derrynane, The O'Connell family ore proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knight of the Cross of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and Colonel of the late 6th Regiment of the Irish Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator ; he died on the 9th July, 1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in France ; he was the youngest of twenty two children by one marriage, of whom one-half lived to the age of ninety-nine, at which age this venerable patriot died ; he was born in August, 1784, at Derrynane, the residence of his father, Mr. Daniel O'Connell.-Limerick Reporter. WOOD PAVEMENT V. IRON RAILWAYS. While the inhabitants of our town are in a state of uncertainty as to their railway, we are glad to see they have decided to make some improve- ment in their streets by trying the effect of a newly invented wood pavement, a specimen of which has been laid down opposite the residence of the Mayor in the Rue de l'Ecu. It is a combination of wood and asphalte, possessing seemingly the advantages of both without the inconveniences of either, being impervious to water, free from danger to horses, and costing, 25 per cent, less for carrirge roads, and as much as 50 less for foot pavements. Should it answer, we hear it is talked of laying it down hence to Amiens, and running locomotive car- riages upon it. If this be done, tunnels, cut- tings, &c;, will be unnecessary, as it is well known locomotive steam-carriages, on such a pavement, would ascend the steepest hill on the road with the greatest facility and expedition. If this should be seriously thought of, the capi- talists of Boulogne could accomplish the object themselves ; taking it to be 80 miles to Amiens, and that six yards of the road in breadth were laid down at a cost of 5s. the yard, the whole expense would not amount to more than £211,200, or 5,280,000f. If English capita- lists will not embark in the railroad, French capital can accomplish this, which would render unnecessary the costly railroad. How thankful, then, should be our town to Colonel Sir J. Lilly, the inventor of this admirable substitute for railways ; they wounded him severely at the battle of Toulouse ; in return he gives them the means of prosperity ; and, we have no doubt, should the present idea be carried out, that they, in their turn, will erect a monument to his memory.-Boulogne Gazette. HURRICANE AT SEA.-Captain Depeyster, of the packet-ship Sheridan, arrived from Liver- pool, reports that on Sunday, August 20, at half-past seven o'clock a m., Nantucket bearing west, distant thirty-five miles, he encountered one of the most severe hurricanes he ever met with during his long nautical experience. The wind blew from E.S.E., and with such violence as to carry away all the sails carried on the ship, with the exception of a topsail. The bulwarks were stove, some water taken into the cabin, and one of the quarter- boats carried by the force of the wind into the mizen rigging above the round top, and wedged fast there. After the storm had abated, the boat was taken down, and found to be uninjured-American paper. THE ROAD TO REFORM-In the body politic, as well as in the body natural, to know the exact nature of a disease, is half the cure, and this knowledge the public have now acquired. Suf- fering has made them think and investigate causes; and research and reflection have taught them that the two aristocratic parties, who have for so long a time exercised supreme dominion, have never promoted any other objects than their own in the legislature ; for however fiercely they may have attacked each other for the pos- session of the treasury, there has always been a secret understanding between them to maintain unimpaired the ascendancy of the " order" to which they both belong. These tactics they have pursued from generation to generation. They invaded the prerogative in tho name of liberty, and plundered the millions of their rights in the name of royalty. They converted a conditional into an absolute and hereditary peerage, exempting its possessors from the an- cient laws of forfeiture to which it was amenable) and thus deprived the sovereign of his constitu. tional check over the upper house of legislation acts abolishing the old rule of paying members, limited the franchise, introducing a property qualification, and prolonging the duration of parliament. Having thus completed the machi- nery of despotism, they put it into action with all the dexterity of a low and unprincipled cun- ning._Scotch Reformers' Gazette. TRIAL AND CONVICTION OF A MAN AND WOMAN FOR MURDER IN CANADA-At To- ronto, on the 3rd November, James M'Dermott was tried for the murder of Mr. Thomas Kin- near, and Grace Marks as an accessory before and after the fact. The deceased had last been seen alive on 29th July, and the next day was found dead in his own house. His body had been thrown into a dairy in the cellar, where it was found lying on its back. There was blood on the breast. The house had been robbed, and the deceased had been shot through the heart. The ball had passed through both ventricles, and was discovered under the skin of the back. One of the witnesses stated his impression that Mr. Kinnear had been shot in the kitchen, where blood was found, and then lifted up by the shoulders and dragged to where he lay. The body was straight, as if it had been laid out. The body of Nancy Montgomery, Mr. Kinnear's housekeeper, was found doubled up undei a tub in the cellar, in a state of partial decomposition. A butcher, named Jefferson, who had called at the house about the time of the transaction, to leave meat, stated that Mr. Kinnear, or the housekeeper, used always to give the orders. Ori this occasion Grace Marks came to him at the kitchen door. She never used to give orders. She told him she did not want any meat for this week. Witness asked for Mr. Kinnear. She told him he was in town. Asked also for the housekeeper. She did not know where she was -but no matter, they wanted no meat. The male prisoner was seen by another witness run- ning across the yard of Mr. Kinnear's house with a gun in his hand. He had told this wit- ness that he had just fired at some birds, but had only blinded them. The prisoner was sub sequently found dressed in several articles of the deceased's wearing apparel, und other property belonging to the deceased was found in his pos- session. The evidence WAS of a circumstantial nature, but sufficiently conclusive in its charac- ter to satisfy the jury, who returned a verdict of guilty, and the prisoner was sentenced to death and ordered to bo executed on 21st November. The next day the female prisoner was also tried, convicted, and sentenced to be executed on the same day as M'Dermott. During the trial, this unfortunate and criminal girl was in tears, and when the verdict was brought in she swooned ; in falling forward one of the spikes surrounding the dock inflicted a wound in her breast.-Globe, December 7. MURDER OF A WIFE BY HER HUSBAND.- A brutal and deliberate act of murder has been committed in the neighbourhood of Stockport. The murderer is a middle- aged man, named George Fox, a bailiff attached to the Stockport Court of Requests, and the victim his wife. The injuries which have caused the unfortunate woman's death were inflicted on Friday night, at the Robin Hood public-house, Middle Hill gate. Death resulted about ten on the following morning. On this, Fox immediately absconded, but gave himself into the custody of Mr. Sadler, superintendent of the Stockport police, at the house of his father at Maple-bridge, on Sunday afternoon. The deceased was drunk at the time of the murder, which ha'd so enraged the hus- band that he took her round the waist and dashed her head violently against the slop-stone, which immediately became covered with blood. A person present said " You have killed the woman;" upon which the prisoner said, "If I have not finished her, I will do." On being told that it was a great shame to use a woman in that way, and that he would be hanged for it, he replied, he hoped he should be. The mother of the deceased stated that the prisoner and her daughter had been married ten years. She was a bonnet-maker. Witness on Friday night returned home, and found deceased pressing a bonnet. Prisoner came home about half-post ten, the worse for liquor, "and appeared very fierce. He said, " Thou'a been at the Robin Hood this afternoon ;" and she said, " I've not." He said, " Wilt thou swear it ?" She said, " I will." He went and fetched a Bible for her to swear it. During this time deceased made her escape out of the house. He said, " She's gone on no good errand ; she's a very drunken woman." He then went to bed and witness sat up. Prisoner afterwards got up and said he'd go out too. Other evidence was given, which left no doubt that the prisoner had caused the death of the deceased, and the jury at once re- turned a verdict of wilful murder, and the pri- soner was committed to take his trial at the next Chester Assizes.-Ibid. NAPOLEON.-The following record of events in the life of Napoleon, has just been inscribed on his tomb at the Invalids, Paris :-" Bom on the 15th of August, 1760 ; captain of a squadron of artillery at the seige of Toulon, in 1793, at the age of 24 ; commander of artillery, in Italy, in 1794, at 25 ; general-in-chief of the army in Italy, in 1796, at 27; peneral-in-chief of the expedition of Egypt, in 1798, at 29 ; first consul in 1799, at 30 ; consul for life, after the battle of Marengo, in 1800, at 31 ; Emperor of the French, in 1804, at 35 ; abdicated the throne after the battle of Waterloo, June l8, 1815, at 46 ; died in exile at St. Helena, May 6, 1821, at 52_Post. GREENWICH HOSPITAL.-Nov. 4th being the Founder's day in Greenwich Hospital, the ancient customs were strictly observed, viz., the gutes having been closed at an early hour in the morning, the band of the Royal Asylum, composed of the youths of that establishment, commenced with the National Anthem, headed the Governor, Officers, and men, proceeded to church, after which the usual imposing, cere- monies were'enacted in the Painted Hall. At the head of the Hall stood a veteran, bearing the identical flag under which His Majesty William III. landed at Torbay, in 1088, proved the greatest attraction of the morning. The Officers dined together as usual, and the men were regaled with pork and pea-soup, with strong ale, to drink the immortal health of the founder.-Times. 