BLAX— NO I. To tlie Editor ojlhe AtMralian Daily Journal. Sin, — The substance of the following obser vations, as far as they, relate to Flax, were published some, months ago in the excellent* and well-conducted ionrnal of: our district the Maitlanu Mercury, under the.titleof ' Hints to Farmers.' The importance of the subject induces me to believe that these hints -nre deserving of the most' extensive dissemination throughout the Colony; I therefore offer a second. edition of them, en larged, to tho consideration of the agricultural public, from a firm conviction that the adop tion of the practices they recommend, would form an era of unexampled prosperity to the Colony— such, an era as may never again dawn on its social history. If farmers would only exert themselves for their own' sakes, and their landlords give them all necessary encouragement by enabling them, for the first year, to bring the measures here- sug- gested into operation, in the short space of ten years — taking for granted, both a natural and contingent ' increase of the population — the agriculturists of New South Wales may be actually in a position to draw annualy upon the Mother Country for an amount of income ranging from one to four millions sterling, arising solely from the produce of the earth. The. cultivation of wheat and other cereal fruits, under existing circumstances, is a ruinous occupation to the' farmer-tenant, and a fruitless employment of the land on the part of the landowner. If persisted in, agriculture, as a national branch of industry, must cease to exist, and leave tho country to pasturage and bar barism. This must be prevented. .Our stake in tho Colony is too important to admit 'of such a sacrifice, knowing that there are num berless other objects on which the skill nnd industry of the husbandman may be a hundred fold more profitably employed. One of these is flax. If the cultivation of this plant were once introduced into the Colony,' the after management understood, and the final dressing of the fibre carefully and diligently performed, I have no hesitation in declaring — for it is my firm belief, founded on the most correct data. — that our Colonial agriculture, before long, would take such a position-, among the branches of general industry, as would throw all others completely into tho shade. I wish to impress on the public mind that this is no visionary theory, but a' fact ns easily demonstrated ns any truth in mathe matics. 'All they have- to fear from un certainty, will arise fiom the occasional malignity of the seasons, But what human undertaking was ever yet accomplished without clouds as well as sunshine? Nature is the same in all climates. Here, if she is sometimes freakish, she compensates, for all the losses she occasions, by the superior; bounties she bestows. Let any one- examine for himself, first, the amount and the value of the flax and hemp annually imported into Great Britain, and if he understand the ex haustless capabilities of tho Australian soil, and the genial influence of the climate, let him consider how 'admirably both are adapted to the growth of flax, hemp, cotton, mustard, and the olive ; then let him remember, that as long as England is mistress of a navy, and continues the centre of refinement, luxury and the arts, so long will she continue to clothe her ships in hempen robes, and her people in lace and linen ; and if he be not' a slave to scepticism he will agree with me that tho prospect before him is neither Utopian nor visionary, but a substantial prospective scheme of real prosperity and delight. ' ' Whatever may bo thought of my proposi tions,1.! am ;bound to say, personally, that thoy are the offspring of a sincere belief in their incalculable utility to the country ; and I should consider myself highly culpable if I did not strenuously advocate the adoption of this new department of farming — now at least to this Colony. I consider it the itn perativo duty of every mombor of a rising community like ours, however limited his capacity of communicating his thoughts on paper may be, to offerfreely.and fearlessly all suggestions which ho thinks will tend to bone it the public. They will be easily understood by those who are capable of appreciating valuable information, in whatever garb it may be clothed ; and tho Press always roady and open, is, if I may use the term, an omni potent medium,for the diffusion of knowledge. The state of the country at present is such as requires utmost supernatural aid to rouse it from its disgraceful lethargy ; and every new remedy that can be discovered should be tried to effect a cure. -For, notwith standing the crowd of legislative doctors, with all their catholicons of sheep, cattle, tallow, and : Jonathanistic quackery, the health of the Colony continues still in a help less and prostrate condition : her malady scarcely presents a symptom sufficiently favourable to cheer us even with the illusions of hope. '. In the language of the humoral pathology of by-gone days, the morbid tem perament under which she has been suffering so long and so severely is fast coming to a crisis. The struggle between the vis medi catria naturae and the peccant humours _be gotten by paper credit, vanity and ambition, which were tho proximate cause of the dis ease, is so equally maintained that it is almost impossible for ordinary perspicacity to prognosticate whother the crisis will be for lifu or death. . But are we therefore to sit like fatalists and idly watch the issue of the contest ? As skilful physicians, should we not rather, co- operate with nature, apply seasonabile and efficacious remedies, support her vigorously wherever she indicates weakness, turn tho scale of victory in her favour ; and thus, by our judicious and -well-timed assistance, enable her to dislodge the enemy from bis strongholds,: and. restore the exhausted powers of life to their ancient tone and ?vigour ? In plain language, it is only by the unwearied Application of skill and industry to objects worthy of our exertions that we shall be able to rescue the country from her embarrassments, and ourselves from the loathsome embraces of poverty : aide-toi et Dicu Vaidera — put your shoulders to the wheel and than call upon Japiter. The ugriculture of this Colony will never thrive without an export trade peculiar to itself; and the Colony will never prosper without agriculture: becaupo agriculture is the direct parent of population. ' Neither pasturage nor commerce are in the least fa vourable to the increase of the human species. These branches of general industry commonly determine the number of inha bitants ; and it is only by the number of the people that the wealth and the strength of a nation is known. You can scarcely find what may be termed a political body, in a thin and scattered population — as to con sistency and strength, you have only a rope of.sand. To estimate the wealth of a na tion by its sheep or its cattle, its gold or its silver, without a large population, is to value the land by the number of its weeds. Ouri agriculture must be supported, both in order to. fill the habitable portions of this vast country with a population, and to secure the people. from want by keeping them in dustrious ; because it is the . skill and in dustry of an active people, busied in various .occupations, that constitute the real wealth of a nation, and their number that forms its strength. But in order efficiently to support and- encourage domestic- tillage, wfe must ascertain whether we can raise from our soil any crop that will be sufficiently profita ble to repay,, fairly aud liberally, the cost of production, and, at the same time, form the basis of an advantageous and permanent trade to the Mother country. In the nbsonco of a largo population, and an extensive and vigor ous inland trade, good roads, canals, and rail ways ; a commerce with foreign states, more especially with England, is the only salva tion of our agriculture. It is useless to plough another furrow, whilst tho host samples of wheat, are fetching only 2s. 6d. per. bushel ; such a pricn is a downright burlesque upon industry. It is worse than cannibalism to eat bread thus produced. Nor is it the cul tivator , alone who suffers from this dimi diated price, but the whole community is in volved in his distress. How can tenants pay 20 to SO shillings per acre of rent at this ghost of a price? Landlords who insist on the viho'le pound- of flesh, are following very erroneous maxims of economy; and unless they absolutely forbid the future pro duction of grain crops' on their estates, and recommend their tenants to turn their at tention, and employ . their energies on ' something else,' they thotnselves will be the main sufferers in the long run. For this j ' something else'— this . ignis fatuits, so long I recommended to agriculturists to pursue, is no longer n fleeting phantom, but a roality that may be eiiibra'ced. ,-. ... ? , A profitable and permanent substitute for our present cereal crops has. been the de sideratum hitherto wanting to determine cultivators in the choicoof that 'something el^o,'..so zoalously proposed to tliem on former . occasions, ; by - .-near-sighted, free traders.- The desideratum is now supplied by flax. ? That this crop will not only re pay* the fn.rmer,'but repay him with liberal profits, is fully proved by the fact, that several of the .continental countries of Europe drive an extremely lucrative trade with England in dressed flax and linseed; ?\Vhv...with. this truth before us. do we continue to crawl on with listless apathy, or, what is worse, spend. labour, capital, and irrevocable ti.mo, in .attempts ' to ? realise hopes, which every succeeding harvest proves more and more emphatically to be vain and unattainable ; and. the pursuit ruinous and culpablo? Grain of -domestic production will never pay inJthU,;Country. It gives a nation an aristocratiojai^of indopondunco to import. BesidGs,'|ttfa£|whic.h is suppliod to us from Tasmanift|an^lS,outli Atnorica hns the equivocal advantage of cheapness; and therefore it is consonant to the maxims of pseudo-economists, rather to purchase it. from aliens, than to give employment and' income to the located industry of our own country, by producing it at a fair price at home..-. Tho : excellent Bishop Berkeley asks, in No. 410 of the Querist, 'Whether money .circulated - on the landlord's own lands, and among his own tenants, doth not,; return into his own pocket?' ..Let the problem , embrace a country, instead of a domain, and wo placo Australia in a predicament from which no cabalistic jargon oaivextricate ; her, until we return the an \ swer— Yjjs ! But the free-trade snges will learn to their cost, the sterling advantages of cheap bread; as soon as the quondam wheat-fields of tho Colonial farmer havo begun to wavo with the enriching green crops of flax :— ns soon . as our neighbours shall feel they are no longor trammelled by the restraints of competition, the free-traders will be astonished at the price of wheat. . . ? ? ? But it. may be' ? urged, -that - we have neither proofs sufficiently' strong, ? nor: in ducement 'sufficiently inviting, to Warrant so great an innovation on our hitherto fiddle-de-deo system of cropping our fields, which' has contributed so: largely towards the ruin of agriculture. This timorous ness about innovation is the spiteful incubus which has pressed upon the energies of the agriculturist,- until they nro become quite paralyzed and unfitted for anything but to plod on in the same inveterate pet routine of repetitions, which ho mechanically pur , sues from one end of -his life to the other. Am I incorrect, when I say there is reason to believe that many of our farmors, both large and small, are tod hopelessly onslnvod by- long habit, climatic .indifference, and Colonial experience — that conclusive) argu ment for idleness— to entertain any now scheme, or undertake, any new series of ex periments, 'even for their own advantage? Otherwise, surely in_ tho long space of half a century, the rich and fertile soil, and transcondont climate of thiscountry, had thoy benn properly solicited, would have pro duced: some other great profitable Export, besides wool,' tallow, pauperising crops of wheat, inferior tobacco, and a few vineyards. I come now to some of the proofs and In ducements.; and if the arguments they em body are still not sufficiently cogont to move you from your old 'unprofitable habits of ploughing the sand, I can give you more. But I am bound to promise, that the data from which tho wholo are drawn, are so reasona ble and sound, that hundreds of excellent judges are perfectly convinced of tho ap plicability of the speculation proposed to this Colony, that they do not hesitato to pronounce .with me, that a trade in flax, hemp, &c;, would be one of the most lucra tive and permanent in which the agricul turist of this Colony could employ his capi tal and industry. Great Britain and Ire land do not grow tho one-hundredth part of the flax, and scarcely any of_the hemp they require. The amount and value of the import of flax into the United Kingdom, for one year, will, give an idea of the nature of the encouragement which a trado in this com modity holds out to the Colonial farmer. It is certainly a strong inducement ; nor is there on'o good reason against his entering upon the speculation immediately : Tlie quantity of Flax and Codilla imported into the United Kingdom in the Ye ir 18^1. Quantity imported. Value st-?r. Flax and tow ? 944,096 cwts. .£1,923,428 Linen yarn ? 19,211 ditto £ 124,182 The following returns of the quantity of flax and codilla imported 'into the United Kingdom, for a period of tvvoiity-two years, show that tho domand for this article is steadily increasing ; and also, display clearly the grounds on which I have so earnestly pleaded for a trial of the plant in the rich alluvial soil of New South 'Wales: 1820 Ftax and tow ? 532,389 cwts. 1821 Ditto ? 49-t,5')4 ' 1822 Ditto ? 610,106 ' 1823 Ditto' ? 553,937 ' 1824 Ditto ? 742,531 ' 1825 Ditto ? 1,055,233 ' 1826 Ditto ? 088,622 '- 1827 Ditto ? 907,079 « 1828 Ditto ? . ? 876,189i « 1829 Ditto ? 922,040 '. 1830 Ditto ? 944,096 ' 1831 Ditto ? 930,411 ' 1832 Ditto ? 982,516. ' 1833 Ditto ? 1,129,033 ' 1836 Ditto ? 1,511,428 ' 1837 Ditto ? ....1,022,256 « 1838 Ditto ? 1,62;V?15 ' 1839 Ditto ? 1,223,730 ?« 1840 Ditto ? 1,256,051 ' 1841 Ditto ? ..1,340,843 ' ' Those returns,' say tho Editors of the IVIaitland MisncunT, ' go to show that tho demand for flax is steadily on the increase, as tho consumption during .the last five years of tho above period is rather more than double that of the first five. This is a substantial ground of inducement to our farmers to try if tlmy can produce flax to advantage; and whe ther the experiment result successfully or other wise, '' Robin Goodfellow is entitled to the thanks of the agriculturists and the community generally for having brought the subject under their Jnttentionjin*so clear and forcible a man ner.* ' ? '. I shall continuo this subject next week. In the meantime,. I am. Sir, yours, &c.; BO BIN GOODFELLOW. Maitland (East), I-ec. 20, 18-14. , . ?? ? ? ? ? _ . r . . - - . i 