THE MONTH OF MAY. ( Concluded .) An elegant and highly-gifted French poet, Ahbede Lille, author of Les Jardins, &c.;, and t ranslator of Yirgil and Milton, born in 1738, died on the 1st of May, 1813. Though a royalist his genius procured him the respect even of the tyrant Robespierre. Exceed ingly cheerful, gay, and amiable, the Abbe was not altogether without eccentricity. With a body of seventy-five, his soul was only fifteen. He would visit a duchess in desha bille, and ride a hunting in full dress. " He will give you his company for hours," says Madame du Mole, " and is happy with you : but so he is with the housekeeper: or his horse, which he will sometimes caress for two hours, and then forget that he has one." John Frederic Christopher Schiller, one of the ablest historians and poets of Germany, died on the 9th of May, 1805. His first production was that extraordinary play, The Robbers, by which half the young German noblesse were seduced, and the performance of which was, in consequence, prohibited. His tragedies of Fiesco, Cabal and Love, Don Carlos, Wallenstein, Mary Stuart, Joan of Arc, and William Tell, all rank high in genius and merit. Schiller will also be re membered as the author of a History of the Thirty Years' War, The Ghost Seer, and various other works. The illustrious painter Leonardo Da Vinci was born in 1452, and died at Fontainbleau, in the arms of Francis I., on the 2nd of May, 1519\. He was the rival of Michael Angelo. Had he never painted aught but " The Last Supper," he would have been immortalised. Richard Wilson, one of the earliest mem bers of the Royal Academy, died at the age of 68, on the 11th of May, 1782. "The name of this extraordinary man," observes Sir M. A. Shee, in one of the notes appended to his Rhymes on Arty " is a reproach to the age in which he lived : the most accomplished landscape painter this country ever produced: uniting the composition of Claude with the execution of Poussin; avoiding the minute ness of the one, and rivalling the spirit of the other. With powers which ought to have raised him to the highest fame, Wilson was suffered to live embarrassed, and to die poor." Sir Robert Bruce Cotton, whose valuable library is now in the British Museum, was a distinguished member of the Society of Antiquaries, in the reigns of Elizabeth and James I. He wrote a book on duelling, the "Life of Henry III.," and collected the " Parliamentary Records." Sir Robert Cotton was the first who collected English coins; and the first engravings we have in that class of the antique were taken from originals in his collection. Sir Robert died on the 6th of May, 1631. Dr. Isaac Barrow, excelled m mathema tical learning only by his pupil, Sir Isaac Newton, died on the 4th May, 1677, in the 47th year of his age. Famous for exhaust ing all subjects that he meddled with, he ultimately gave himself up to divinity, and sometimes preached sermons of three or four hours in length. Dr. Paley, who died on the 25th of May, 1805, in his 61st or 62nd year, was wiser in his day ; he illustrated without exhausting — either himself or his hearers or auditors. His " Natural Theology," and his " Evi dences of Christianity," are valuable works. The former has been enlarged upon by Lord Brougham, with considerable effect. Lord Chatham and Henry Grattan, died in May: the former on the Ilth, in 1778; the latter on the 14th, in 1820. May their shades forgive us for naming them together! The venerable Bede, a monk, and the most eminent writer of his time ; died on the 14th of May, 735. Sir James Macintosh died on the 30th May, 1832. Anthony Laurence Lavoisier, a celebrated French chemist, was guillotined on the 8th of May, 1794, on the charge of having adulterated tobacco with ingredients obnoxi ous to the health of the people ; — Sir Hum phry Davy, the first of his day in the same science, died at Geneva, on the 29th of May, 1829, at the age of 51 ;— George Leopold Christian Frederic, Baron Cuvier, the most eminent naturalist of modern times— to whom France is indebted for the finest os- teological collection in the world — and to whom geologists of all countries are under inestimable obligations for his illustrations of ancient zoology — died on the 15th May, 1833, aged 64. Columbus, the discoverer of America, the victim of ingratitude and injustice during life, and who has not been permitted to enjoy his fair portion of fame even in the grave, died on the 26th May, 1506. Beecaria, professor of philosophy at Paler - mo and at Rome, and author of several works of merit, particularly on the nature of the electric fluid, died on the 22nd of May, 1781. Copernicus, the founder it may be said, of a new system of astronomy, died on the 24th of May, 1543. Calvin, the chief of the " reformers " after Luther, died on the 22th of May, 1564, at the age of 59. r 