A GHOST STORY OF CHRISTMAS. [BY BOZ.] (Continuedfrom our last.) I " * AT this time of the rolling year,' the spectre j said, * I suffer most. Why did I walk through crowds of fellow-beings with ray eyes turned down, and never raise them to that blessed star which led the wise men to a poor abode ? Were there po poor homes to which its light would have conducted me ? ' " Scrooge was very much dismayed to hear the spectre going on at this rate, and began to quake exceedingly. 44 * Hear me ! ' cried the ghost. 4 My time is nearly gone.' 44 * I will,* said Scrooge. ' But don't be hard upon me ! Don't be flowery, Jacob ! Pray ! ' *' * How it is that I appear before you in a shape that you can see, I may not tell. I have sat invisible beside you many and many a day.' " it was not an agreeable idea. Scrooge shivered, and wiped the perspiration from his brow. «"That is no light part of my penance, « pursued the ghost. ' I ara here to night to wpm you that you have yet a chance and hope of escaping nov fate. A chance and hope of my procuring, Ebenezer.' 44 ' You were always a good friend to me,' said Scrooge. « Thank'ee ! ' I *' 4 You will be haunted,' resumed the ghost, 4 by three spirits.' 44 Scrooge's countenance fell almost as low as the ghost's had done. " 4 Is that the chance and hope you mentioned, Jacob ? ' he demanded, in a faltering voice. 44 4 It is.' 444 I -I think I'd rather not,' said Scrooge. 44 4 Without their visits,' said the ghost, * you cannot hope to shun the path [ tread. Expect the first to-morrow, when the bell tolls one.' 44 4 Couldn't I take 'em all at once, and have it over, Jacob ? ' hinted Scrooge. 44 4 Expect the second on the same night < t the same hour. The third upon the next night] when the last stroke of twelve has ceased toi vibrate. Look to see me no more ; and look that, for your own sake, you remember what has | *» passed between us!"' The ghost, not exactly after the manner of apparitions generally, took i¡s departure through the open window : but this gave Scrooge au opportunity of seeing a multitude of wandering spirits, hampered with various appendages, which had chained their souls while on earth, burning, but unable to make atonement ; and " the misery wiri them all was, clearly, that they sought to interfere for good in human matters and had lost the power for ever/* Scrooge tried the door, which he found double locked ; and tried lo ejaculate 44 Humbug ! " but he dare not. Stave two of the 44 carol," for it is a carol in prose, introduces the first of the three spirits. Scrooge lay in bed, ami recollected that a ghostly visitant had been promised; but he was sceptical, and uttered an ejaculation of triumph when the clock warned him by the quarters that the hour had arrived. 44 He spoke before the hour bell sounded, which it now did with a deep, dull, hollow, melancholy ONE. Light flashed up in the room upon the instant, and the curtains of the bed were drawn. 44 The curtains of his bed were drawn aside, I tell you, by a hand. Not the curtains at his feet, nor the curtains at his back, but those tu which his face was addressed. The curtains of his bed bed were drawn aside ; and Scrooge, starting up into a half-recumbent attitude, found himself face to face with the unearthly visitei who drew them-as close to it as I am now to you, and I am standing in the spirit at youl elbow. 44 It was a strange figure-like a child ; ye! not so like a child as like an old man, viewed through some supernatural medium, which gave him liie appearance of having receded from thu view, and being diminished to a child's propor tions. [ls hair, which hung about its neck ant down its back, was white as if with age ; anc yet the face had not a wrinkle in it ; and th; tenderest bloom was on the skin. The arra: were very long and muscular ; the hands thi same, as if its hold were of uncommon strength Its legs and feet, most delicately formed, were like those upper members, bare, lt wore atuoii of the purest white ; and round its waist wa bound a lustrous belt, the sheen of which wa beautiful. It held a branch of fresh green holl ia its hand j and, in singular contradiction c that wintry emblem, had its dress trimmed wit summer flowers. But the strangest thing a bo ii it was, that, from the crown of its head, ther pprung a bright clear jet of light by which a this was .visible ; and milich was, doubtless, th occasion »f .its .using, in its duller moments, great extinguisher for a cap, whieh it now hel tinder its arm. 44 Even this, though, «vhen Scrooge looked i it with increasing steadiness, was not its strange: quality» For as its belt sparkled and glittere now in one part and now in another, and whi wa» light one instant, at another time was dari so the figure itself fluctuated in its distinctness being now a thing with one arm, now with or leg, now with tv. en ty legs, now a pair nf leg without a head, now a head without a body; < which dissolving parts no outline would t visible in the dense gloom wherein they meltc away. And io the very wonder of this, it woul be itself again-distinct, and clear as ever. 14 ' Are you the spirit, sir, whose coming wi foretold to me ? ' asked Scrooge. 44 ' I am.' 44 The voice was soft and gentle. Singular low, as if, instead of being so close beside hil it were at a distance. 44 4 Who j and what are you ? ' Scrooge d inanded. 44 4 I am the ghost of Christmas Past.* *. 4 Long past V inquired Scrooge, observa of its dwarfish statute. 44 4 No. Your past.' " The ghost informed Scrooge that he had coi for his welfare and reclamation ; and the pha tom forthwith led the miser to the scenes of \ bovhood, where his heart softened under geni influences that came with the recollections bygone years and past sufferings. He saw t laughing boys trotting homewards, and hea them wish each other a blythe, merry Christan and his heart leaped up and hi» eye glisten« The school was deserted, save by one sólita child, who, neglected by his father, sat alone the loom; and in that solitaiy boy ?icrooge i cognised himself and sobbed. B«»t, as he cc tem^lated th« lonely boy, who sat reading o< a feeble fire, visions of ÁU Baba, and Valen tine and Orson, and the genii of the Arabian ! Nights passed before him ; and, after he he had lived over a portion of his boyhood in these fancies, he wept in pity for his former self; and when he asked the spirit what the matter was. he said, '* Nothing, nothing;. There was a boy singing a Ch'istmas carol at my door, last night ; f should like to have gi veo him something - that's ali." Another Christmas was brought about, and again the other boys had goo home for the jolly holidays; but the solitary boy was left in the same room, which had become dark, dirty, delapidated. "He was not reading now, but walking up and down despairingly. Scrooge looked at the ghost, and, with a mournful shaking of his head, glanced anxiously at the door. " It opened, and a little git I, much younger than the boy, came darting in, and, putting her arius about his neck, and often kissing him, ad dressed him as her '* Dear, dear brother." " ' I have come to bring you home, dear bro ther !' said the child, clapping her tiny hands, and bending down to laugh, ' to bring you home, home, home !' " * Home, little Fan V returned the boy. .* » Yes !' said the child, brimful of glee. * Home, for good and all. * Home, for ever and ever. Father is so much kiuder than he 'used to he, that home's I ke Heaven. He spoke so gently to me one dear night when T was going to bed, that I was not afraid to ask him once more if you might come home; and he said, ' Yes, you should ; and sent me tn a coach to bring you. And you're lo be a man !' said the child, opening her eyes, * and never to come back here ; but, first, we're to be together all the Christmas long, and have the merriest time in all the world.' " * You are quite a woman, little Fan !' ex claimed the boy. " She clapped her hands and laughed, and tr ed to touch his head ; but. being too little, laughed again, and stood on tiptoe to embrace him. Then she began to drag him, in her childish eagerness, towards the door ; and he, nott.ing loath lo go, accompanied her. " ' Always a delicate creature, wham a breath might have wi'hered,' said the ghost; but she had a large heart !' " * So she had,' cried Scrooge. '* You're right. 1*11 not gainsay it, spirit. God forbid !' "'S<> she had/ erie»! Scrooge. 'You're right. I'll not gainsay it, spirit. God forbid !' " ' She died a woman, said the ghost, * and had. as I think, children.' " ' One chitd,' Scrooge returned. " * True,' said the ghost. * Your nephew !' " Scrooge seemed uneasy in his mind, and answered briefly, * Yes.' " Presto/ The scene changes, and we have another p clure of the early life of Scrooge. '* The ghost stopped at a certain warehoúse door, and asked Scrooge ii he knew it. ."Know it!' said Scrooge. «Was I ap prenticed here ?' "They went in. At sight of an old gentle man in a Welsh wig, sitting behind such a high desk, and if he had been two inches taller he must have knocked his head against the ceiling. Scrooge cried in great excitement - *" Why, it's o'd Fezziwig ! Bless his heatt, it's Fezziwig alive again.' " Old Fezziwig laid down hispen and looked up at the clock, which pointed to che hour of seven. He rubbed his hands; adjusted his ca pacious waistcoat ; laughed ail over himself, from his shoes to his organ of benevolence; and called out in a comfortable, oily, rich, fat, jo vial, voice, ** * Yo ho, there ! Ebenezer* Dick !* *' Scrooge'* former «elf, now grown a young man,came briskly in,accompanied by his fellow 'prentice. .* * Dick Williams, to be sure !' said Scrooge to the ghost. ' Bless me, yes. T^iere he is. He was very much attached to me, was Dick. Poor Dick ! Dear, dear !' " * Yo ho, my boys !' said Fezziwig. ' No more work to-night. Christmas eve, Dick. Christmas, Ebenezer ! Let's have the shutters up,' cried old Fezziwig, with a .sharp clap of his hands, * before a man can say Jack Robin son !' " You wouldn't believe how these two fellow» went at it. They charged into the street with the shu ters-one, two, three-Imd 'em up in their places-four, five, six-barred 'em and pinned em-seven, eight, niue-anti came back before you could have got to twelve, panting like race-horses. *'* H illino!' cried old Fezziwig, skipping down from the hi^h desk with wonderful agility. ' Clear away, my lads, and let's have lots of room here. Hilli-ho, Dick. Chirrup, Ebe nezer.' Clear away ! There was nothing they wouldn't have cleared away, or couldn't have cleared away, with old Fezziwig looking on. lt was done in a minute. Every moveable was packed off as if it were dismissed from public life for evermore ; the floor was swept and wa tered, the lamps were trimmed, fuel was heaped upon the fire, and the warehouse was as snug, as warm, and dry,and brigitta bail-room as you would desire to see upon a winter's night. " In came a fiddler with a music-book, and went up to the lofty desk, and made an orchestra of it, and tuned like fifty stomach aches. ID came Mrs Fezziwig, one vast subs antial smile. In came the three Miss Feziwiggs, beaming and love able. In came the six young followers whose hearts they broke. In came all the young men and women employed in the business. In came the housemaid, with ber cousin the baker. In came the cook, with ber brother's particular friend, the milk mau. In came the boy from over the way, who was suspected of not having board enough from his master, trying to hide himself behind the girl from next door but one, who was proved to have had her ears pulled by her mis tress. In they all carne, one after another ; some shyly, some boldly, some gracefully, some awkwardly,some pushing, some pulling; iu they all came, anyhow, and everyhow. Away they all went, tweuty couples at once, hands half round and back again the other way ; down the middle and up again ; round and round in va iou« stages of affectionate grouping ; old top couple always turning up in the wrong place ; new top couple starting off again as soon as they got there ; all top couples at last, and not a bottom one to help them. When this result was brought about, old Fezziwig, clapping his hands to stop the dance, cried out, * Well done!' and the fiddler plunged his hot fae«? into a pot of porter, especially provided for that purpose. But, scorning rest apon his reappearance, he instantly began again, though there were no dancers yet, as if the other fiddler had been carried home exhausted on a shutter, and he were a bran new man resolved to beat bini out of sight or perish. " There were more dances and there were for feits, and more dances, and there was cake, and there was negus, and there was a great piece of roast, and there was a great piece of cold boiled, and there was mince pies, and plenty of beer. But the great effect of the evening came after the roast and boiled, when the fiddler (an artful dog, mind. The sort of man who knew his business better than you or I could have told it him !) struck up ' Sir Roger de Covelry.' Then old Fezziwig stood out to dance with Mrs Fezziwig. fop couple too ; with a good stiff piece of work cut out for them ; three or four and twenty pair of partners; people who were not to be trifled with : people who would dance, and had no notion of walking. " But if they had been twice as many, ah, four times, old Fezziwig would have been a match for them, and so would ¡Vf rs Fezziwig. As to ker, she was worthy to be his partner in every sense of the term. If that's not high praise, tell me the higher, and I'll use it. A positive light appeared to issue from Fezziwig's calves. They «hone in every part of the dance like moona. You couldn't have predicted, at any given time, what would become of 'em next. And when old Feziwigg and Mrs Fezziwig had gone all through the dance ; advance and relire; held hands with your partner ; bow and curtsy ; corkscrew ; thread-the-needle, and back again to your place ; Fezziwigg 'cut'-cut so deftly, that he appeared to wink with his legs, and came upon his feet again without a stagger." And the result of all this was mere kindly feeling; and Mr Scrooge began to talk quite rationally about the facility with which happiness might be reciprocated ; and then he became un easy, and wished he had an opportunity of saying a word or two to his clerk. A nd then the phantom showed bim a picture of his selfish conduct in respect tn an angelic creature whose love be had forfeited for love of gold, and Scrooge was tortured, for the kindly affections of nature were creeping back upon him, and he was fast beginning to divine the true uses of wealth. A picture of the domestic bliss of the fair one, contrasted against one of his own lonely and comfortless condition, com pletes the mission of the phantom of the past, and puts the finishing stroke to the miser's sense of his own wretchedness. We now come to stave three, in which the second of the three spirits is introduced. Scrooge h^ars the clock strike as before, but no phantom appear«, and. strange to say, he feels disatisfied. A broad, uddy light, from an adjoining apart ment , leads him to suspect that he will there find the promised spirit. Nor is he disappointed. A voice calls his name, and he enters. Mere he finds a jolly ghost, the 'Ghost of Chmtrnas present,' surrounded by all the emblems of plenty, festivity, comfort, and good cheer. Scrooge locked on the benignant spirit with kindling satisfaction, and asked to be led forth, that the change working within him might be perfected. He touched the robe of the phantom, and they were forthwith walking amongst the snow-whitened streets, where everything gave indication of the festive season. " The poulterers' shops were still half open, and the fruiterers' were radiant in their glorv. There were great, round, pot-bellied baskets of chestnuts, shaped like the waistcoats of jolly »id gentlemen, lolling at the doors, and tumbling nut and into the street in their apoplectic opu lence. There were ruddy, brown-faced, broad girthed Spanish onions, shining in the fat ness of their growth like Spanish friars ; and winking from their shelves in wanton slyness ai the girls as they went by, and glanced demurely at the hung-up mistletoe. There were pears and apples clustered high in blooming pyramids ; there were bunches of grapes, made, in the shop keepers' benevolence, to dangle from conspicu ous hooks, that people's mouths might water gratis as they passed ; there were piles of filberts, massy and brown, recalling, in their fragrance, ancient walks among the woods, and pleasant shufflings ankle deep through withered leaves ; there were Norfolk biffins, squab amt swarthy, setting off the yellow of the oranges and lemons, and, in the great compactness of their juicy per sons, urgently entreating and beseeching to be carried home in paper bags and eaten after din ner. The very gold and silver fish set forth among these choice fruits in a howl, though members of a dull and stagnant-blooded race, appeared to know that there was something going on; and, to a tish, went gasping round and round their little world in slow and passion less excitement. " The grocers! oh, the grocers! nearly closed, with, perhaps, two shutters down, or one ; but, through those gaps, such glimpses ? lt was not alone that the scales descending on the counter made a merry sound, or that the twine and roller parted company so briskly, or that the canisters were rattled op and down like juggling tricks, or even that the blended scenes of tea and coffee were so grateful to the nose, or even that | the raisins were so plentiful and rare, the almonds so extremely white, the sticks of cinnamon so long and straight, the otiVr spices so delicious, candied fruits so caked and spotted with molten sugar as to make the coldest lookers-on feel faint and sultsequeutly b lious. Nor was it that the figs were moist and pulpy, or that the French plums blushed in modest tartness from their highly decorated boxes, or that everything was good to eat, and in its Christmas dress; but the customers were ail so hurried and so eager in the hopeful promise of the day, that they tum. bled up against each other at the door, clashing their wicker baskets wildly, and left their pur chases apon the counter, and came running back to fetch them, and combined hundreds of the like mistakes in the best humour possible; while the grocer and his people were so frank and fresh thal the polished hearts with which they fastened their aprons behind might have been their own, worn outside for general inspection, and for Christmas to peck at if they should choose." The spirit of Christmas which, ever and anon, in his benevolence, shed the sprinklings of his torch, rife with superadded happiness, on the cheerful, led Scrooge lo the dwelling of his clerk. " On ¿he threshold of the door the spirit smiled, and stopped to bless Bob Cr^chit's dwelling with the sprinkles of his torch. Think of that that ! Bob had but fifteen * bob1 a week himself; he pocketed on Saturdays but fifteen copies of his Christian name ; and yet the ghost of Christmas Present blessed his four roomed house. *' Then up rose Mrs Crachit, Chrachit's wife, dressed out but poorly in a twice turned gown, but brave in ribbons, which are cheap, and which make a goodly show for six pence ; and she then laid the cloth, assisted by Belinda Crachit, second of her daughters, also brave in ribbons ; wbi'e Master Peter Crachit plunged a fork into the saucepan of potatoes, and, getting the corners of his rnonstious shirt collar (Bobs private property .conferred upon hisson and heir in honor of the day), into his mouth, rejoiced to find himself so gallantly attired, and yearned to show his linen in the fashionable parks ; and now two smaller Cratchits, boy and girl, came tearing in, screaming, that, outside the baker's, they had smelt the goose, and known it for their own ; and, basking in luxurious thoughts of sage and onion, these young Cratchits danced about the table, and exalted Master Peter Cratchit to the skies, while he (not proud, although his collars nearly choked him) blew the fire until the potatoes, bubbling up, knocked loudly at the saucepan-lid to be let out and peeled. " * What has ever got your precious father, then,' said Mr Cratchit ; * and your brother, Tiny Tim ; and Martha warn't as late last Christmas-day by half an hour!' " * Here's Marthe, mother !' said a girl, appear ing as she spoke. **'Here's Martha, mother!' cried the two1 young Cratchits, 4 Hurrah ! There's such a goose. Martha!' ** ' Why, bless your heart alive, my dear, how late you are !' said Mrs Cratchit, kissing her a dozeti times, and taking off her shawl and bonnet for her, with officious zeal. *. ' We'd a deal of work to finish last night,* replied the girl, * and had to clear away this morning, mother.' ti * Well J Never mind so long as you are come,' said Mrs Cratchit * Sit ye down before the fire, my dear, aud have a wann, Lo d bless ye !' '* * No, no ! There's father coming,' cried the two young Cratchits, who were everywhere at once. ' Hide, Martha, hide !' "So Martha hid herself, and in came little Bob, with at least three fVet of comforter, ex clusive of the fringe, hanging down before him ; ard his threadbare clothes darned up and brushed, to look seasonable ; and Tiny Tim upon his shoulder. Alas for Tiny Tim, he b-ne a little crutch, and had his limbs supported by an iron frame ! Why, where's our Martha?* cried Bob Cratchit, looking round. ** * Not coming,' said Mrs Crachit. " * Not comiug V said Bob, with a sudden declension in his high spirits ; for he had been Tim's blood horse all the way from church, and had come home rampant. ' Not comiug upon Christmas-day !* " Martha didn't like to see him disappointed, if it were only in joke; so she came out prt malorely from behind the closet door and ran into ¿«is arms, while the two young Cratchits hustled Tiny Tiui and b>>rc him off into he wash house, that he might hear the pudding singing in the copper. '* * And how did little Tim behave ?' asked Mrs Cratchit, when she had rallied Bob on hts credulity and Bob had hugged his daughter to his heart's content. " . As good as gold,' said Bob, ' and bett r. Somehow he gets vory thoughtful sitting by himself so much, and thinks the strangest things you ever heard, tie told me, coming j home, that he hoped thd people saw him in the church, because he was a cripple ; and it might j be pleasant to them to remember upon Christ mas day who made lame beggars walkand blind men see.* '* Bob's voice was tremulous when he told them this, and trembled more when he said that Tiny Tim was growing quite strong and hearty.-To be continued. 