LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, Fhidat, Ootod.ru 4; (Continued from Saturday'* Australian.) 'Mr. Robinson lamented that in consequence of the resignation of Mr. Lowe, tho task fell upon him to call the attention of the Council to nn.iinnhrtn.nt a measure ' as the education of the peoplo, feeling assured that the subject must surfer in his hands, . The providing a proper and suitable education for the offspring of the poorer classes, was one of the most important duties of the State, who, whilst they exercised the right of punishing crime, were equally bound to take the necessary steps to prevent as much as possible the commission thereof. It had been assumed by tho Committee, that there ?were' 13,000 children at present in th,o colony between the ages of four, and fourteen years, who were receiving no education at all; but he (Mr. R.) felt persuaded that the number, was nearly 18,000, for, out of the number of chil dren whose names were entered on the books at the several schools, not two-thirds were in re gular daily attendance. He then, by refcren.ee to certain statistics of Prussia, Switzerland; Poland, Sweden, and other countries, shewed that tho great, if not the only source of crime was the want of education. In his opinion, the whole of the difficulties which presented them, selves in introducing a propor System of Edu cation would be overcome in one generation, for the next' would bo looked after by the preceding one. . A mother who has been educated herself would not see her offspring want such a benefit, when it was placed within her reach. The effect of education on the people was evinced by tho crews of the. American whalers, who almost to a man abstained from drink, the immoderate use of which- aroso from ignorance. In ' France, there were 53,520 schools, at which 3,581,492 children were taught; not less a sum than .£800,000 bein^ annually expended for purposes of education.' Tho hurricane which took place in that, country, during the last . century, was purely the effect of ignorance ; and the French were taught' a lesson which it appeared they had 'not forgotten, by tho attention and expense they bestowed on oducation. Russia was another example; whero. not ono in fifty were educatod, and 'in which' country 'thero were only two honest men— tho Emperor and Count Woronzoff. It 'had been objected,' that if the whole commu nity ? were educated, tho laboring portion were unfitted for performing the duties which do volved .upon them ; but this objection was mot by the improved state of agriculture, particularly in Scotland, whore the laboring farmers were all educated; and farms were yielding double the quantity of produce in consequence thereof. The 'I whole of the witnesses examined by the Committee (twenty-one in number) acknow ledged the destitute state of education; fourteen of thoso persons wore in favour of a General System, and so von of a Denominational. The latter had been in operation in this Colony for several - years,- = without effecting tho desired object ; and if Governor Bourke had remained in the Colony, he would have carried out in the most satisfactory mannor the Geuoral System which . , he originated. ? Tho Denominational System had, in fact, been weighed in the balance and found wanting. The Committee wore al most unanimous in tho opinion, that there was no school 'in which secular instruction was so satisfactorily imparted as in those conducted under the Irish System. , He would read an ex tract from the Fourteonth Report of the Com ,. missioners for Inquiring into the State of all Schools, on Public or Charitable Foundations, in Ireland: — ., ,; ? ' : '/ i-t' ' In such selection ' of books fur the new schools, we doubt not but it will bo found prac ticable to introduce not only a nurabor of books, in- which moral principles will be inculcated in sueh a manner as is likely to make deep and lasting impressions on the youthful mind, but also ample extracts from the Sacred Scriptures themselves, an early acquaintance with which wo deem of tha utmost importance, and indeed indispensable in forming the mind to just notion! of duty, and sound principles of conduct 'It appoars to us that a selection may bp made, in which tho most important parts of Sacred Hiitqry shall be included, together with nil the precepts of morality, and all the. in- structivo examples by which those precepts are illustrated and onforced, and which shall not be liable, to any of tho objections which have been made to the use of tho Scriptures in the course of education. « -ff The study of such a volume of extracts from the Sacred Writings would, in onr opinion, form the best preparation for that moro particular religious instruction which it would be the duty, ?and wo doubt not tho inclination also, or their several ministers of religion, to give, at proper ?times and in other places, to tho children of their respective congregations.' ? ' The Committee had under consideration two General Systems — the British and Foreign Sys tem, and the Irish or Lord Stanley's System, which latter they have decided to recommend as being free from many difficulties attending the former. The Irish System, although .op posed at first, made friends as it progressed ; this was proved by the evidence of Mr. Saunders, and. by two particular friends of his (Mr. R.'s), Mr. and Mrs. S. C: Hall, who had visited those schools, predisposed to condemn them, but who afterwards spoke of them- in the most favorable terms. He thought it would be useless to detain the Council with quoting the opinions of others on the subject, as it was clear that the Denomi national System could not be carried out amongst a scattered population. In Braidwood and other parts of the colony, there was no instruction of any kind imparted, and he trusted the Council would take- steps for carrying out the proposed system, satisfied that no other could be ap plied to tho peculiar wants of the community, for it must not be lost sight of; that although the Convict System may be said to have ceased, society would for years to come suffer from the taint arising from the remnant of that system, and he hoped measures would be taken to pro vide tho means of preventing any ill conse quences arising therefrom ; he would therefore move the following Resolutions : — 1\. That this Council having taken into con sideration the Report of a Select Committee appointed .to enquire into and report upon the state of Education in this Colony, and to devise the means of placing the education of youth upon a basis Suited to the wants and wishes of tho community, adopts, geno ? rally, the opinions contained therein. 2\. That it is advisable to introduce Lord Stan ley's System of National Education in this ? colony. 3\. That in order- to introduce this system, His Excellency the Governor bo requested to appoint a board of persons, favorable to the . introduction of Lord Stanley's National Sys , tem of Education, and belonging to the dif ferent denominations; this Board to be in vested with t a very wide discretion, as to tho arrangements necessary for carrying the system into effect; and all funds to bo henceforth applied to the purposo of Educa tion, to be administered by them. 4\. Tho leading principle by which the Board of Education shall be guided, is to afford the same facilities for Education to all classes of professing Christians, without any attempt to interfere with the peculiar religious opinions of any,, or to countenance proselytism. 5\. That the Board bo incorporated. 6\. That an Address bo presented to His Ex cellency tha Governor, transmitting the above Resolutions, and praying; that he will bo ? pleased to take them into his favorable con sideration, and carry them into, effect. Mr, Young seconded the- Resolution; ho con sidered tho question to bo, whether the Council should afford to tho rising generation . a useful education or not ? Tho present system only gave instruction to two portions of the commu nity, leaving the bulk of tho people uneducated ; and he trusted the Council would adopt the re commendation of tho Committee. Ho had visited tho schools conducted according to tho Irish System, and from what he had obsorved, ho considered it was the only system which could be practically carried out . in tins colony. The State were doubtless bound to instruct the people, but it was not their duty to bring them up to any particular form of worship ; and when tho lamentable state of ignorance of the humbler classes was considered, it behoved tho Council to talto measures for removing it, and ho saw none better than thoso recommended by tho Committee, ? Mr, Lamb dissented entirely from tho first Resolution, as however well suited tho proposed system may be to tho xvants of the, community, it certainly was not consonant to their wishes. He had himself presented a Petition from 0346 inhabitants of Sydney,- praying against tho system, and various Petitions to the same effect, numerously signed, had been- presented from other quarters ; he therefore felt assured that the majority, of the community, as well as. all large religious bodies, wore opposed to tho General System recommended by the Com mittee ; thorofore the wishes of tho community were not met. Some taunts had boon thrown out by the hon. Mover, of the Resolutions, as to the number of marks, and the signatures of ser vants attached to tho Petition so presented ; but ho (Mr. L.) thought such taunts were not in Elace ; for uneducated persons wore surely capa ;le of judging whether they would havo their children brought up under ono system or ano ther; and he looked on the record of their opinion as a most important feature. The lion, member in reference to the state of education in Prussia, Russia, and Sweden, had 'lost sight of religion, which in those countries, particularly in the former, was both as regarded the Court and tho people, at the lowest ebb ; and he (Mr. L.) trusted ho should never see this colony re duced to such a state of infidelity as that which prevailed in those places. With reference to Franco, ho would obsorve, that if .£800,000 was expended in that country for purposes of edu cation, it was much to be regretted that it had no better effect than to leave them a restless and belligerent people. Young France was now ripe for war, and eager to carry fire and sword throughout Europe. Russia was but just emerg ing from a' state of barbarism, and had very little to do with the question beforo tho Council. Ho' did hot attribute tho improved stato of the American seamen to the effect of education, but to habits of temperance brought about by tho withdrawal of the use of spirits, and if a similar plan were generally. adopted, that class of men would shortly be found of a very im proved character, He would, however, be most happy to see the sum set apart by the Govern ment for the education of the peoplo increased to j£10,O00, or even .£20,000, and ho trustod that if the colony got rid of the heavy Police and Gaol expenditure, it would bo incroased to a still larger amount: but be did not seo why tho schools whiuh had beon for years established in tho colony, and found to answer, should bo set. aside by tho introduction of a new system which se'emod to have failed whero it had been triod, and which was : now attempted to bo 'forced on the colony contrary to tho wishes of the people- ' It would be quite as absurd to say to tho sick, '. we will cure you, but you must Submit to bo treated on hydropathic principles.' Much had been said that tho priesthood had been extremely active in opposing' tho introduc tion of the General System; and he (Mr. L.) was of opinion, that if they were (as he had no doubt' was the case) conscientiously impressed with tho importance of the subject, thoy not only had a right, but woro bound to interfere. He should be sorry to see any thing weaken the influence of tho Clergy, who were much more capable of forming a correct judgment of tho matter than an equal number of men of any other class. A medium system might bo intro duced which would satisfy all parties; by ex tending aid to the schools at prosont established in the towns ; and trying tne now systom in country districts. He'oould not consent to havo tho oxisting schools disturbed, and tho labours of. those overthrown who had oxortod them selves to dissipnto tho ignorance thnt prevailed. If the now system should be found to succeed in tho interior of tho colony, an attempt might then bo made to establish it genorally ; and if tho Council voted -an amplo sum, no doubt all would bo satisfied. With thoso sentiments ho felt bound to opposo the Resolutions gonorully. Dr. Bland said, ho hud no doubt that oven the common rudiments of n secular education impartod to a limited extent tended to prevent crime ; and as it was tho duty of tho State to prevent as well as to punish crime, they were bound to educate tho peoplo to that end! Tho question was, how that object was to be effected with the least possible inconvenience, and so as to produce the greatest amount of good. There appeared to be several objections to tbe Deno minational System ; first, that it was more ex pensive than a General System, and was not calculated to impart in a given time so large on amount of instruction; but that he considered to be more dependent on the abuses than, on any. peculiarity of the system. Secondly, that it was nut suited to a large portion of tho rural districts. Tho next objection was, that it did not tend to create- that feeling of' social charity which, ought to exist, but that it had a contrary tendency. Tho last objection was one of a more sorious nature ; namely, that it con tributed to perpetuate errors in religion ; be cause as there, were numerous sects,, and each maintained theirs to be the true and orthodox persuasion, it would be. considered that since there could be only one true religion, the chil dren of every other sect must be brought up in error. It was objected to thu Irish Systora, that it imparted an education of which religion did not form a part ; but he (Dr. B.) considered that such an allegation was proved to bo untrue and unfounded, by ample evidence, based on tho indubitable authority and testimony of mon who had fought the good fight with success, and whoso opinions ought not to bo rejected. ? The Council were bound to discharge their duty by Cromoting that system which they conceived to e the best; but he wished. the subject had been postponed till the next Session ; it was ono of paramount importance, and tho public mind ought not to bo hurried over the matter. It was quite certain that many of tho signatures which were attached to the Petitions that had been presented to that Council against tho General System, had beon affixed thereto in a moment of excitement, by those who did not fully under stand the question ; and who, therefore, could not have arrived at any just conclusions. They had not considered it, and had not been, perhaps, in formed of all the facts bearing upon the subject ; they were therefore incompetent to give an opinion thereon ; for which reason, too much deference ought not to bo paid to the number of signatures which were attached to those Petitions. He did not mean to say that thoso signatures had been obtained by unjustifiable means ; no doubt the motives were most worthy ; fur in a question involving such important in terests, it is not surprising that thoso who were conscientiously opposed thereto should use all justifiable means to strengthen that opposition. Ho (Dr. B.) considered that the proposed system was imperatively called for by the wants of the community ; and if a Denominational System must be introduced, this was not the proper time. If tho General System was found beno ficial in Ireland, with a dense population, how much more would it prove sp in this colony, with a' scattered population ; in fact, no other system could bo introduced in tho rural districts. Ho willingly acceded to the proposition of the hon. member who preceded him, of allowing those schools already established to remain on their present footing, particularly in the large towns ; but with reference to those to bo erected hereafter, ho should advocate ? tho adoption of the General System rooommended by tho Com mittee. Mr. DATivAiii, felt it his duty to oxpress his sentiments relative to the present question, than which a more important one had never been brought before tho House. Tho Committee who. had considered tlio mattor advocated tho estab lishment of a General System of Education — which was a new and theoretical invention — to the exclusion of the Denominational System which had been proved and found to work satis factorily. It was true that the Report went to shew that the proposed system had succeeded whero it had been introduced ; but it was to be hoped that the Council would not adopt tho conclusion that such was the fact, as the evidence did not appoar to bo at all satisfactory on that point. It was urged that the system recom mended by tho Committeo w'as' peculiarly adapted to this Colony, because it was said to have answered in Ireland, but there was no analogy between cither the position or population of this Colony and that of Ireland. In the latter country they had one religion at ono extremity of the island, and a different one at the other, whilst in this Colony there was a diversity of creeds throughout the territory. It might answer the views of Ireland that religious in struction should be loft a blank to be filled up in maturer years ; but he (Mr. D.) had no hopes of success in any system of which religion was not the corner stone. Religion must be the basis of education; and each denomination had a right to a proportion of tho funds set apart by tho Government for the purposes of education. The General System was rocommended in an economical point of view ; but finance had nothing to do with the matter ; it was not one of expediency nor of money, and no considera tion of the kind ought to induce any ono to swerve from tho establishment of education on the propor basis, which ought to be that of making the people good and virtuous. Ho had considered tho Report with somo attention, and thought it was drawn up in a tono of selfsuffi ciency, and intended rather to answer a par ticular purpose than to embody the wishos and opinions of tho public. The Committeo state that 'whilst they admit the deficient state of education is partly attributable to tho ignorance, dissolute habits, and avarice of too many of the parents, and partly to the want of good school masters and school books, they feel bound to oxpress thoir conviction that a far greater por tion of tho evils has arisen from the strictly denominational oharactor of tho publiq sohools.' Ho did not approve of such a censuro being cast on the Denominational System ; there was a lack of ingenuousness in attributing thoroto tho want of education ; and a presumption in supposing that tho proposed system would load to more favorable results, The main objoct seemod to bo lost sight of in the consideration of economy ; but tho nation should grudge no raonoy in carrying out so important an object as the education of the humbler classes; so long as it was satisfactory in other respects no expense should be spared ; in fact, the financial part of the matter was altogether a secondary consider, ation. It did not appear that tho Committee had paid much attention to publics opinion, for they state — ' It has indeed beon suggested, that a Denominational System might be allowed to continuo in- Sydney and tho larger towns, whilst a General one was adoptod for tho country dis tricts : but your Committeo cannot yield to this suggestion, convinced, as they arc, of the su periority of a Gonerul to a Denominational Sys tem.' In fact, the object of tho Committee seemod to bo to got rid of ono system and intro duce another, by any possiblo means, without giving tho subjoot that impartial enquiry it ought to have received nt thotr hands. 'The koy stono of tho system,' says tho Report, 'is a Board composed of mon of high personal ohar actor, profossing different religious opinions.' Ho would refer to the conditions under which the Board granted nssistanco. ' Tho ordinary school business, during which all the children, of whatever denomination thoy be, are required to attend, and which is expected to ombraco a competent nuinbor of hours each day, in to con sist exclusively of instruction in thoso branches which belong to a literary and moral oducation.' Ho (Mr. D.) maintained that n moral oducntion must bo based on religion ; and It must bo vory ordinary school business indeed, if tho uso of the Biblo was omittod — a circumstance of itself onough to condemn tho system . To offer to give childron nil education, in which tho Holy liible was omitted, was calling on a very largo body of tho community to renounce their re ligious principles. Tho uso of tho Biblo in the education of youth was n portion of our birth right, which ought not to be relinquished ; nnd a Nystoin in which it was not allowed ought to be condemned. But in going from this difficulty, it was only to encounter a greater, which pre sented itself in the second condition. ' One day, at least, in each week (independently _ of the Sunday), is to be set apart for the religious in struction of the children, on which day such pastors, or other p$rsons as are approved of by the parents or guardians of the. children, may have, access to them for that purposo, whether those parties have signed, the original application or not.' And further, by tlie third condition — 'Managers of schools, are also exppcted, should the parents of any of the children desire it, to afford convenient opportunity aiul facility for tho same purposo, either- before- or aftor the or dinary school businus3 (as tho managers may determine), on other days of tho week.' This was a most dangerous condition, as, by such an arrangement, a Pagan might obtain access to the children. There was no arrangement what ever made as to the mode in which this religious instruction was to bo imparted, with reference to one denomination or another. He (Mr. D.) was willing to concede freedom of thought and action to all denominations, but it was too much to call upon that Council to concede to the establishment of a system of education where tho use of the' Bible was omitted. By tho second condition of the Board, it further appeared that ' sneh extracts from Soripturo as aro prepared under tho sanction of the Board may ho used, and are earnestly recommended by tho Board to bo used, during those hours allotted to this ordinary school business ' But ho (Mr. D.) must oppose every system in which the whole Bible was not submitted to the children, and usod by them in tho schools. With reference to the fifth condition, which states '.(that the reading of tho Scriptures, either- in the authorised or Douay version, is regarded as a religious exer cise, and as such is to be confined to those times which are set apart for religious instruction ; the samo regulation is also to be observed respecting prayer.' He (Mr. D.) would remark on the in convenience, not to say insurmountable diffi culties, which presented themselves in carrying out such a regulation. How was it possiblo that tho pastors of so many different denominations could at one time and in the samo room, bo im parting religious instruction to thoir respective flocks ? Or, if thoy severally attended at fixed hours during that day, which was to tako pro. cedenco 1 What hours were to be devoted to each ! Who was to havo the control ? In fact, how was this scrap of religious instruction to be administered 1 It appeared as if in the proposed systom it was intended that religion should not be listened to, but that on the contrary, it should be entirely overlooked. Ho did not agree with tho opinion of the Comraitteo who think 'that the National System is not fairly open to tho chargo of neglecting religious instruction.' A system could not be said to givo much attention to re ligious, instruction whore tho partios wore left to scramble about amongst their pupils in tho in discriminate manner which tho conditions of the Board necessarily inrolied j nor was it too much to say, tho system was calculated to s.ti ik,e at the root of rohgion ; for what benefit could bo derived from religious instruction in a crowded school room, whero all the pastors were, hnm. mering away at the samo tinio. The Committee stato that ' it has boon the good fortune of tho system to disarm many opponents, and to convert thorn into its advocates. He (Mr. D.) con tended, the opponents to the system wore not disarmed, or likely to bo so ; and if thero were instances in which opponents had become advo cates, thoy could not bo sinccro in their advocacy unless they were totally indifferent as to the religious part of education. -'The school books,' say tho Committee, ' have been compiled with the most admirable caro and judgment, and will savo much trouble to those in whose hands the management of the system shall be placed.' He (Mr. D.) did not think tho saving of trouble to the teachers was any recommendation. Thoy who undertook tho office of teaching, should do so not with a wish to avoid, but to meet difficulties. The Committeo had referred to certain documents in an appendix to the Report, with a view of giving to tho Council the am plest information in thoir power, and ' thoy feel well ? convinced, ? that tbe more the plan is examined tho more favorable will it be viewed.' He (Mr. D.) did not seo anything which led to an inference in favor of the system,, except that the Committeo themselves were imbued with an idoa of its utility. : The Committeo seemed to infer that there was an objection on tho part of the Protestant community to join in promoting tho present schomo of Education. Ho (Mr. D.) had no doubt there was an objection, nnd that objection still existed, and could not, he thought, bo got over. Feeling that ho had trespassed too long on tho timo and patience of tho Counril, he concluded by observing, that he could not approve of tho proposed system nor any other which intorfored with religious freedom. Mr. Windeyhr could neithor agreo with tho propositions of tho hon. Member for Melbourne, nor in the ameudmont which appeared on tho paper in tho numo of tho hon. Member for Cumberland. Presuming, however, that as the Report and Evidence had. boon so long beforo the Counoil, ovory hon. member was oon vorsant therewith, he should not enter into arguments thoreon, but confino himself to the object to which that Report and Evidence re ferred, viz., tho education of the childron of the colony ; and whilst he felt convinced that neither set of Resolutions would accomplish that object, ho would candidly avow that there was a difficulty in proposing any plan calculated to meet tho matter so as to fall in entirely with the views of tho community. The object of the Stato in educating tho. rising generation was not to make them classical scholars — to teach them tho highor branches of learning,' but to make thorn good and pcaceablo subjects by giving thorn the key to instruction on a propor basis. Tho State, in fact, was bound to open the doorof knowledge to all thoso whom they took on thomselves to punish after wards for wrongdoing; and whilst it was ad mitted that tho principles of tho Christian Reli gion should form the basis of all our knowledge, yet thero was a divorsity of opinion as to what thoso principles woro which should bo taught. The ferment that had been excited both horo and at home, showed cloarly how diffioult it would be to force poople to learn any particular set of doctrines, and that every attempt of tho kind must fail. By tho proposed system, the scholars must bo receiving religious instruction from thoir several priests at one and the same time; or each denomination must follow tho other in succession for that purpose. The former modo would be vory inoonvonient, if not im practicable, and tho latter was a very unseemly proceeding, tending to dishonour religion in tho minds of tho children. Their being ordorod to withdraw would induco any thing but a feeling of charity, and convert tho systom into a school of polemics. This was, in point of faot, tho defect in Lord Stnnloy'a System, which was so much dreaded, and ciuuod such opposition ; Tor if tho children of ono denomination romained whilst thoso of another woro roceiving religious instruction,, thoy woutd bo likoly to imbibo son tiinonU opposed to thoir own faith ; and if they did retire at such seasons, ouriosity would bo exaitod as to tho reason, and tho samo, if not n worse, mischief, onsuo : on this account many paronts would roi'uso to sond their children to school at all. The prevailing opinion soemod to be that, if a General System should bo adopted, tho Clergy must bo oxaludad frorn the school room, otherwise it would be mudo tho scoiio of disputes; somo clorgymon wore, therefore, of opinion, that it would be bettor to tolorute a systom of education whiuh should bo morel/ of a secular ohrructor, than to allow tho clergy of nil denominations to nttond. The question thon nroso as to whether It was necossnry that n Gonerul System should bti established, lie (Mr, W.) certainly gave the preference to a. General System, conceiving it better than a Denomina tional one ; but the real object should be, not to adopt the best system ; but the best that would bo capable of being introduced. A very good General System might be established, but the children would never go. to the schools ; there fore it would be established in vain, as it had been in Van Diemen's Land,, and at home. It therefore became necessary since the best system could not be had to. propose, some other. Tho Denominational System, might bo continued and adopted where it could be carried out : where it could not, perhaps tho peoplf would bo willing to take a general one. If the Denominational System was tho only one that could be worked, whv opposo it? why interfere with those who had beon zealously engaged in instructing their children under that system ? IL had been found to be good and successful ; as was evinced by hon. members present, most, if not all, of whom had been educated' in Denominational Schools, and those schools had turned out to tho world very good citizens. ' Although ho was in favor of a General Systom, ho was not so refractory as to refuse every other;' and; since it was found that the peoplo would not have it, however good ; it would bo useless for the Council to pruss it, unless they could puss a law to enforce it, which they had not tho power to do; in this particular it waj to be dis tinguished from all other Legislative measures. It was, therefore, not only expedient but impera tive on the Council, since obedienco could not bo compelled to the system', to give way to public opinion, which they could not control. He had no doubt that tho denominational system might : ultimately lead to a general ono ; for after all that had been said, ho saw but little difference between the doctrines of one Christian sect and tliosa of another. At present, however, it was quite clenr that a denominational system would satisfy every one, wherens tho general system did not ; in fact tho Jews could not participate) i therein at all. But as ho did not agreo with the report of the Committeo as to Lord Stanley's system, neither could ho with the Resolutions ; proposed by the hon. Member for Cumberland, which would go to establisli a. purely Church of England system. The parties who had prepared thoso Resolutions wero apparently great adopts in polemical warfare, for tho object thereof would bo the very reverse of that expressed therein : tho result of their operation \yould be, that the minorities throughout the. Colony would be ovorboruo, and a systom introduced that must be overturned. He, Mr. W., would therefore beg to submit to the Houso. a proposition, wh\ch would bo calculated to pruservo all denomina tional Schools uiid interests untouched, win re thoy could bo carried on ; for the furtherance of which object ho would moyo the following Resolution : . . . :* , That in the opinion of thia Houso, it is dosirablo to introduce a Guneral System of Education into this Colony, by which tho children of tho poorer clussa? may be taught* gratuitously, if n.cooss.arv.i reading, writing, and arithmetic, nnd such' religiou* exorcises and principles as the parents of tho children may unan'wnpusly require, provided that no aid shall bp given by tho Government to any School which shall not be required by the parents or guardians of nt least fifty childron, between tho age of two and fourteen years, attonding such school. As the Bubsta,nce of tho foregoing Resolution could however, only bo applied to populous districts — for in the rural districts it would be impossible to find fifty children tho offspring of parents all of the same, persuasion — he would, to moot that difficulty, movo a second Resolution, viz :— ? That to meet the wants of such parts of tho country as may not bo able to comply with tho conditions of tho preceding Resolution, Lord Stanley's System of National Education be adoptod, with this modification, that, in stead of tho clergy and pastors of tho sevoral denominations being allowed to impart ro ligious instruction in the schools, the children . bo allowed to be absent from school on every Saturday, for the. purposo. of receiving such instruction elsewhere. The adoption in the country of tho General System, and the continuation* of the Denomina tional System in populous towns, would creato n degree of rivalry between the promoters of each, which could not fail to load to tho roost beneficial results. Each would endeavour to vie with tho other; and- if the General Systom, as it grow up, was found to produce . superior fruits, and was thought to bo better adapted to tho condition of tho colony, tho Stato might then adopt it. It was quite clear that the schools already established were disposed to resist the innovation, and he (Mr. W.) had said from tho first, that the Report would excito the ferment that had broken out, and which, was exemplified by the Petitions that had been, pre sonted against the proposed systom. Hon. rnom bors should consider that they woro not playing at a gamo like chess, where the men could be moved about at will, but that they wero playing with human feelings ; and if somo of thoso Petitions had bean signed by marksinon and women, it should also uo borno in mind that ignorance and bigotry, were more violent than, knowledge and toleration. Taunts had been thrown out by some hon. inombers, that thei clorgy had busied themselves greatly in the matter, but he (Mr. W.) thought that their' motives were conscientious, and entitled to rospoct; tho Government had no right to take tho money from the public and force them to receive in return what thoy thought proper to givo. The third Resolution, as moved by the nan. Member for- Molbourne, might remain, if tho words ' so modified ' wore introduced after the word ' systom,' in the first lino. The fourth Resolution ho would propose should be I expunged, and tho fifth and sixth stand as they wero. Without going further into tho matter, ho would move the' amendments he had sug gested. ' The AuoiTon Gaxp.ttAL seconded tho motion. Mr. Bf.hut considered that tho Council had no right, in legislating for free subjocts, to forco on the people a system to which three-fourths of them were opposod. Mf n were not - machines, that could be set in motion or stopped at ploa sure; and the opposition to tho measure was fully evinced by the twenty thousand sigimturos that were attached to tho several petitions pre sented against it. The autocracy of Russia might succeed in forcing an unwolcomo measure ' on the peoplo,' but it was useless to attempt such ' u schemo in a British Colony. Tho systom may bo good, but he (Mr. B.) had his doubts on that point. It was onough, however, that tho peoplo were opposed to it, to induce him to oppose it ? also, 'iho people were not made for tho Council, | as the hon. mover of the first series of resolutions soomod to think, but the Council for the pooplo; and if they passed the measure, thoy would stul tify themselves. Sir Richard Bourko introduced the systora before ho left tho colony, and. It camp to nothing ; it had boen said that* if he had re mained it would havo succeeded, but he (Mr. B.) had now his doubts on that point also, although at the timo it was introduced he voted for it (Hear!) But ho thon acted conscientiously, as he did at tho present time in opposing the system. Ho concluded by moving the previous question. Air. La.mii seconded the motion. ' Dr. La.no obsorvod, that aftor the lone and ample discussion tho subject had received, and the duo deliberation which, doubtless, all hon. members had bestowod upon it, it was fair to presume thai they had tuado up their minds relative to tho vote, that they intendod to give; it would thoreforo bo overweening presumption on his part if he thought that ho could, by any powers of oratory, persuado them to alter thofr doterralnatlon ; for, if tho question was discussed for a fortnight, ho considered that the result, at to the main principle, would b« the same. II might therefore be asked, where was the use ol further debate 2 Hon. members bad something better to. do than to. endeavour to influence rotci on, a. subject of so much importance to the com munity. It was, however, expedient and neccs. sary that they who took a part in tho mattor in Committee should be prepared to support what they did, to shew their fellow-colonists that thoy endeavoured to consult thoir best feelings 'and interosts: that they were not actuated by a spirit of indifference as to tho religious welfare of the community, much loss by a spirit of irreligion ; and it was with a view to set tho community right as well as tho Com mitteo that he (Dr. L.) now ventured to trespass on the Council by offering some further obser vations on the subject. The question was whether or not it was the duty^ of the state to ' make, provision for the education of the people; and that it was so was clear from two circum. stances; first, from the statistics of crime : and secondly, from, tho popular nature of our institu tions. ' Tho average, ratio, of criminals for many years previously to 1842 was 'as follows : tho proportion of those, who wero unable to read or writo was thirty-three. and onathird per cent; of those who could only read and write imper fectly fifty-five and ono fifth 'r of those who could readnud writo well eight and one fifth; and _ of those who had received a superior education only ono third por cent. Tho necessity for ministering to tho wants of tho uneducatpa poor | was becoming more apparent every day. .A ! review of tho statistics of crime would, convinco tho state that in accordance with tho law of self-preservation it roust interfere, and provide for the instruction of the humbler classes. When it was apparent that eritno and its frightful train of ills resulted from the deficient means availably, to thoso classes for tho education of their children, indifferenco must give way to alarm, and it would bo acknowledged that it was tha bounden duty of tho state to intorfero. (Hear, h*ar). Ho (Dr. L.) would not go the wholo length with the hon. Member for Melbourne, in asserting that ignorance was tho sole origi nator of crime, but he would entroat the House to remember that education was always accom panied with a certain amount of moral training, and that crime would, of necessity, bo diminished in proportion to the a,mount of popular educa tion. (Hoar, hear). A new aspect to this question had been lately given to. this Colony by tlio popular form 'of tho now constitution ; and without entering thon into tho quostion, whothor. tho political franchise was to descend lower, it might bo safely' affirmed that a largo portion of the electors, actual anil prospecti,vp, belonged to. the uneducated and ill- educated; clashes ^ of tho community. In an eloquent speech, which had heon addressed to the Houso by a learned Counsel on tho part of the Sydney Corporation, on the previous evening, it had been forcibly urged, that in the noble days of liberty, whtcb, marked the Anglo-Saxon period, tho principle of the elective franchise was one. of the most distinguished features of the time. To thos.3 days of freedom it was indeed refresh ing to ncur, and he (Dr. L.) ardently hoped; that the day was not fur distant when education would bo the sole qualification for the franchise. (Hear.) ' It might be said that in admitting tho deplorable state of education in this colony, a reproach was cast on the authors of the Con stitutional Act, as having begun at tho wrong end, and inverted the natural courso of reason and improvement; b,utho'(Dr.L.) was not about to urge that point; ho was solely desirous to im press upon tho minds of the Council that as we. wero in possession of free institutions, so the only modo or transmitting them unimpaired to our. latest posterity, was to educate thoso to whom the political franchise was to bo extended. (Loud chcors.) Such an education must on no account be unaccompanied by a proper and caroful moral training, and those who supposed that Lord Stanley's System was so unaccompanied, labored under a sad mistake, which ho would presently unravel. ' Ho would next advert to a co-ordinate right which' appeared' to be claimed by tho Church of England, as to tho appropriation of the funds ior educational purposes. Now, lie (Dr. L.) as n Representative of the People, of whoso money be was a custodian, would not allow any body of Clergy to assert such a co ordinato right, nor would he suffer any appro priation of the public money without tho control of that House. Ho had been led into these remarks by haiing had his attention attracted to, one of tho notes on the Ninth Report of the Commissioners of National Education in Iroland, which had been recently published, and was attributed to the Bishop of Australia The note in quostion ho would read as follows : ' . 'The Clergy of the Church of England have ? right, which no enactment or repeal of law. can tnk» from them, to direct religious education : and this, not becauie the Church Is established, but bf c .us.' It is a true Catholic and A -ostolic Church, and its Ministers rightly Inveitcd with jurisdiction' in s (ritual things. The settlement of th-» Crown itself rests upon that acknowledgment. It ia not true that the rules of the Commissioners facilitate the perfo-maoce of thnt duty by the Clergy of the Church of England. On the contrary, the children of the Established Church, who attend the Na tional Schools, areA and -mutt be, expos?d to the danger of imbibing insensibly the most Extreme ?ltd pernicious opinion* in religion; nor can the Cleigy attend thern, to fulfil towards them their duty of religious instructor!!, without finding themselves in a situation a.i unworthy of their pro fessional character, us it must be painful to their foelings, adverse tq ^h,elr principle*, and destructive of th«:r weight and usefulness among their people.' Now there was a fallacy in such a statement which he (Dr L.) imagined had btrn merely pu*. forth in, order to mystlry the subject a little, and to throw du*t in the eves of those who were to discuss the. great ques ion in the Council Chamber. (Hear.) Under the claim so set up, there lurked a latent idea of controlling the public funds to be appro printed to purposes of Education. . (' No, no,'A from Mr. Darvnll and Mr. Lamb.) He (Dr. I..) admitted that the Council were bound to c nsult the wants and wishes of the great body of the people ; they were also bound to exercise the. greatest possible economy in the distribution of tne funds entrusted to their charge and to endea* vuur to achieve the, great eat i ossiblc amount of good! with the means which might be placed at their disposal {and thence came, the question, whether the Denominational or the General' System was the best calculated to promote so. desirable an end. With regard to the Denomina tional System, he (Dr. L.) would ask, if it bud been found t ? woik well, or to achieve the amount or goad expected troip it, what need for all the agitation which, after eight or more years' expe rience of that system, now. prevailed on the subject of education t Even its friends admitted Hint there was a very lair case made ou,t (or the inter ference of the state ; that far marc good might have been accomplished) and that much had b en left undone which, under a better organization, might have been satisfactorily done. If the deno minational System had been so unexceptionable, and had borne Jta own certificate of character on its own face, no such inquiry as the present would, hdve been called .for on the part of that House. This Inquiry wax, In Itself, a prima facie cas* against the system (Loud cries of Hear.) What ever might be urged against the evil workings of the Denomina'iona.1 System in other parts of tha colony, he (Dr. L ) could assure hon. members, that, in the Southern District, the want of a Ge neral System was one of such crying necessity, that from Port Phillip, among all the Education petit ons which had been got up, not one had been prepared against theexcellcnt system recommended by the Committee. That district contained n po. pulitlpn of 26,000 Inhabitants ; aui the Hotisa vould recollect, that from the nature of ths n\ le (For conclusion t*efourtf\ p*gtx) {Continued from 7Viird Page.) ?mrnt-, a far less proportion Of the prison popula In' fan wns included In tbeTPort Phillip census Ihnnln that of the^Iiddle District. (Hear.) With . n-.cli a population, it wns not to be wondered at that the 'district called loudlyfor a General System, whery under thrc unsatisfactory arrangement of the 'Denomination'sl one, they, from their large contri lotion to the general tevenue of the colony, re 'ceiyed only .£400 a:year for Educational pur ?poses. (Hear, hear, from Mr.' Robinson.) He (Dr. L.) objected to the Denominational System on various grounds, which he should state in suc rossion to the. Council. In the' first place, he objected to it because it had alteady entailed, and -wrssure to cntnil;-a prodigious expenditure beyond what was necessary' for the circumstances of the colony. The hon. and learned member from Castle -reagh street had snid, ' never mind the expense ;' and remembering that the learned gentleman had ?not entered the Council Chamber by the door of rlfctWe power, but by another one whose -secret holts he (Dr. L-.) did not profess to understand, it was not n very great wonder to hoar him say, ? *' never mind the expense?' But he CDr. L.) was one of -those who held the-purse-strings of the public, and who wns expected by his constituents to deal out their n.oney in the most econo \- iriicnl wny ; and it was his imperative duty, ?therefore, to loblc very -narrowly to that part of the question, which, in soo'h, wns a very important one in these hnrd titties. And a-jnin if these people, whose children weie now receiving no educntlon at nil, were told t Hat £7000 a year ~wis the whole amount tl a' cop] 1 be devoted lo -?.purposes of educntion, but that, owing to the ? working of the Denominational System, they ?could not be included in the limited advantages it -yielded ; — it would not do whilst telliiiR them nil this, to sny, 'never mind the expense.' (Hear.) The very ch racter of 'dispersion,' which -was so . marked a feature in Australian location, was of ! itself, nn imperative 'reason why expense should he cnrefully 'considered. In the colonization of America, where agricultural pursuits were the chief objects, dispersion was not so wide asin the pastoral system of Australia, where, in effect, it ? formed a novel feature, which was unprecedented in the world's annals of colonization. (Hear) ?In England, whole districts were found of one religious denomination, the episcopalian ; — In 'Wales, and in some parts of Cornwall, thedis scnting congregations prevailed, and there was no difficulty in framing - systems of education which were in accordance with the religious opinions of ?-the large majority of the population But the case wns widely different here, where the circum stances were so dissimilar, and where an essen tially scattered population wns thrown up in so -^niany conflicting 'communities. So again in ?Scotland, in Ireland/-and in Prussia, where, had i' been needful, the power of working a Denomi national System was very great In the northern ports of I'russia, the population was almost in tircly a Protestant one; whilst in the southern ^'districts, on the Rhine, Catholicism equally -pre- vailed. The second objection which he (Dr. L ) had to the Denominational -System was, that it did -.not take into consideration the actual wants of 'the people, nor apportion 'its benefits fairly among the community. In some ports of the colony there was a superabundance of Educational 'machinery, in others, none Take .Morpeth, for example. In that little' insigniflennt village, there was n.n Episcopalian, a Presbyterian, and tiCn ~ tholic school. Three schools In. a village where, 'under the'Genernl System, one would have been '.nb.undap.tly sufficient. But in other places, where ?.schools were'.equrtTy needed, no provision what -ever was nvide for one, and this fact- alone, ?-?showing ns it did .the partial and unsatisfactory ?working of the existing system, proved the urgent ?necessity for the present inquiry. (Hear.) The hon. and rev. member then 'referred 'to JHlr.'Ro- .hinson's' statement in regard to the almost uni versal diffusion of education amongst the Prussian -.population, and even stated his belief that the ? favorable proportion shown by the hon. member, ?actually fell short of the truth. The third ob ,- jectlon he had to the present system was, its un ?fortunate tendency to lower the character of. the schoolmaster. Whether as regarded his attain ments, or his .personal independence, the Deno minational System was a sad drawback to his position in every- respect In fact, subserviency to the Cle gy -was the only point for a man to -consider who was desirous of obtaining an np \- polntment in a Denominational School ; and it was a notorious fact, that in engaging a school ? master under the present system, the question Avas, not whether he was cfllcient as a teacher, '- but whether he would be subservient to the views of the Clergy in -his particular locality. The ? fourth objection -was, the proselytizing 'char- c'ter of the Denominational System — an evil which ' ought to be met by that House as ..guardians of the rights and religious liberties of the whole community. The proselytizing character of the ? system did not belong exclusively to one creed, but was. applicable to them' all. Case upon case could ho cite to prove the- fact, but one instance might suffice on that occasion. A good many years ago (Laughter and cries of Hear) a country ??? man of his own, a merchant residing in .Sydney, formed an acquaintance with an army surgeon who had 'not accompanied his regiment to India, ? and who was the father of a very fine family of ?-boys and girls. As the surgeon, like very many old^ military officers, was not very abundantly provided with the world's wealth, his friend, who had nolhinily of his oven, proposed to provide for ? the education of two of the boys, and, in pur \- suance of this offer, he placed them in a school, ' which was thon in connexion with the Scots' Church, nnd under the able direction of a pupil of his (Dr. Lang's.) The surgeon's two girls were in the meantime placed at a school in the neigh. . bourhood, where, in ndditlon to the usual brnnches . of education, needlework-was taught, and in those days, in Sydney, this was. not very-! easily to be secured tfbivgirls. Well, nfter a short time, the -mother came to the excellent friend, and told him with tears in her eyes, that she had received .notice that unless her boys were removed from the Presbyterian School, the girls should be sent home and denied the advantages they were then enjoying; nnd thus this lady- wns, ns she herself expressed it, compelled to sacrifice : her boys for the sake of her girls. This was . only -'one- case out of many he could name, that -proved the -proselytizing character of the Deno ? minntiunni System. Although in .that case the ? 'Episcopalian influence -had been at work, he ad .tmitted the bUrr.e must be divided- amongst all the ? creeds.7 They ull. did a little in that way, and they ?did it on the sly. The people, therefore, had no .confidence in the system, and called loudly for a change.. (Hear.) The hon. and rev: member ?then adverted At- some length to the constitution ?of the various Roman Catholic and Westevan schools In the colony, with a view of shewing the immense influence exercised in them by the clergy of each denomination. He admitted that to make ? converts f am the hcathenised population of this .colony was not of itself objectionable, and he ac knowledged that in. this respect there was an ample .field for the missionary exertious of any .-'Christian .denomination ; but he protested against any c mmunion making use of tue public money under the. pretence of establishing schools, and ? tniiin mining iclioolmnsteri, when, In reality, they were Introducing n ve y different cIobs of persons. ..at had been said, that in Denominational schools, no objection was mude to receive children of op . poslte creeds ; and it was true that each denomi nation aid — ' We, do not wish to Interfere with .the religious opinions of children ; we open the dodra to ait, and give th* &ame; advantages enjoyed by our own children to others, if the parents do mot object.' (Loud cries of Hear.) TJmtwnsthe quiet way in which' proselytizing was carried on ; ?and whilst he did not mean to nay. that in every respect 'the clergy i did .wrong, he did assuredly .contend that, to. i»i6l»t-aueh a, system, would entail (ho highes' hlnme on'the trustees of -the public money. In proof of his assertion that the people. had no confidence in denominational schools, he (Dr. L.) would refer to the statistics of the; Mother Country. In paiticulnr, he would refer to' x pamphlet he held in his hand, which comprised, the general statistics of a ward in the city of Liverpool. It had been got up for a different purpose altogether from an educational illustra tion, nnd was not obnoxious to the charge of, partiality. It had reference to an argument con- i necte'd with the 'Cotn'l jaws, and showed the state of Vauxhall ward in that city. It alluded to a school which had been established there, and which had been extremeiy wellattended — affording n good plain education, as it did, at the rate of three half-pence per week. It stated thnt this Bchool had been originally conducted under the Irish National System, but thnt lately, in const-' quence of the Church of England influence that system had merged into the Denominational one;; and the consequence was that a latge majority of the Protestant and Catholic children had been withdiawn. (Hear). The proportion of scholars in attendance under each system was as follows : in 1841, under the General System 875; in 1842, under the Denominational System 301, showing a falling off to the number of 574 scholars, or two thirds of the whole. Such u fact was worth ten thousand of the as sertions with which thfl Council had been fa vored by the. Pe.titiodcns who had set. forth th-tir tlisliks of the systrm. With regard to this ai'irii mrnts that it was usnloss to attempt nnforcincr a system to which so many of the people ob jj'Ctfid, lie, Dr. I/., had no fear of this unsuccess ful issue of the entablislimwit of a Gcm-nil System, There wight be n litllo drawing hack at first (loud cries of hear), but parents would; soon send their children when thu true charac tnr of tho schools was discovered. And ho.ro he. must, offer a few remarks as -to -the mode in which so many of the opposition l'etilions had been p«-t up. Tho Church of England had the, most efficient machinery nil over the territory; in every district was a resident minlstp.r, who,, as it was wall known, was not a free agent, but wns only allowed to think as his lord and master thought, and hade him think likewise. lie acted, therefore, according to the principles of canonical ubedinnctt, and that such was the case, appeared clearly enough ; for if the ISpIs. cnpalian ministers had been unbiassed and free flfrentti, the usual influence of- freedom would have boon discernible in the expressions of vaiied opinions, which would have appeared on so comprehensive a subject as the present. With so powerful an influence at work, and with a population remarkable for its- ignorance, the only wonder was, that not a greater array of figures had h&e.n; procured. In fact, he (Dr. L.) had been prepared to expect a far greater number. He would nlso advert to other mentis which had been used, both in town and country, to gain signatures agnlr.st Lord Stan ley's system. In tho pulpit, and in the public press, it had been denounced as an infidel system. Had not this wicked calumny been asserted, again an 1 again? Had it not been described as a system that would sap tho founda tion of public morals, and diffuse tho evil spirit of infidelity throughout the land? Whether it was deserving of this character, he (Dr. li) would show presently. He would observe that the Mouse with shut up to thu necessity of adopting- some general system, and if thnt were rejected, their (inly course wns to -withhold any supplies for purposes which they felt assured ? would not answer the deshetl -_«ii»l. He would remind thu Council that, in 1835, in the dark ilnys of thu old denominational system, a meet ing took-plneti Ht the Pultuuey Hotel, to which the hon. anil learned member opposite (Mr. Thorry), accompanied by a Kornan Catholic Clergyman, had come, and told the I'rott'Htants tliiitit wuuld be better to defer their intention of establishing ii General System of Education, liidsnitich ns it was extremely prob«bl« thn Go vernment would intervene, and introduce Iior- Stanley's syacir. It must he ennfes cd, that the request to wait was made in rather a questiona ble manner, nnd not in a way calculated to give thu Protestants a favorable opinion of the real character of the proposed system. :Dr. Lang then dwelt at considerable length on the circum stances which had made him acquainted wlih the real nature of . Lord Stanley's Dyatein, and secured fur it, on his part, his zealous advocacy. Ho thon nlluded to tho system of Education pursued in thu States of America to the north of the river ? , and stated that a General System, namely, tho British and 'Foreign, had been carried out there with the full concurrence and approbation of the Amnrlcan- Atiglicnn Church. In the schools so established, the Scrlp I tires wore read, nnd no other religious instruction was given, and tliii General ' ystem had boon found to be most successful. Alluding to the lolty attributes, and the high character, claimed for the Church of England by her adherents, Dr. L. observed, that it was only to bu desired that she deserved the encomiums so liberally lavished on' liar. But it was not'to herself tint; the world looked for those testimonials, 'but to her actn/.l practice. And what, he asked, had that practice been for the last three centuries? Wos it in accordance with ' the certificate of character signed by herself In Australia ? Look at Ireland, with tho .advance of agitation and rqpoul ; at other parts of .Great Britriin,' where Socialism was making fearful strides. She might claim what she pleased, but Great Britain and Ireland had to thank her supineness for ignorance, for vice, for crime, and infidelity. Her conduct reminded him (Dr. li.) of the wo man. as told in tho Scriptures, who, when she had overlain her own child in the.night, claimed the child of her who dwelt in the same house; and who, when the King said — Divide the living chilil in two, and give half to tho one, and half to the other, sold to the woman whose the living child was, let it be neither mine nor thine, but divide it. That was the principle on which the Church of England acted towards her neigh bours' children, and now he would cull attention to her mode of evincing her excessive love for her own offspring. From the Registrar-Gene ral's Report for England, rin- the year 1842, he would read the following extract , '?Tim table illustrating the state of Education among the adult population with respect to writing- in continued in this Report, and bears out In an unexpected manner the results' indi cated by that given in the preceding yonr. Every county occupies nearly the samo relative position, nnd many of them precisely the same, I and this coincidence sufficiently proves, in the I opinion of the Registrar-General, 'that tint teat is ons-whleh must not bo disregarded, but may he found u valuable and safo criterion of the comparative state of Education,' especially when similar returns have been obtained for a series of } ears. 1 1 appears that out of 124,329 couples married there were 41,812 men and 02,523 women who either could not write, or .wrote so Imperfectly as to have attested the register with marks. In Bedfordshire 51 pur cent, of the men signed with marks, and 01 per cent, of the women.; In 13 English counties, In .the West Hiding of Yorkshire, and in Wales, more than 40 out of every 100 of the men married did the same; in ID English counties, in the West Hiding of Yorkshire, and in Wales, more than half the women did not write their names. An objection has boon made to this lust, which, it is said, indicates unwillingness to write, not innbillty. The Registrar General remnrksj 'Jt is still a test of proficiency ;:far it is to bo pre sumed that very fmv, if any, who did not ex perience much difficulty in writing, or were afraid of exposing thoir deficiency, would be unwilling to wrlto their, names.' What had the Church done for Education 1 Ireland? The reply that would follow was, that no Church iti Chrystcnrtoro had dono so little. In Scotland, the same remark also upplinl, altljoucrh there her Influence was much less than in other parts of the. kingdom. ; There, niso, he -would take the opportunity of observing-, the anomaly was unknown of a member of the Presbytery occupying n seat in such an As sembly as the one-he (Dr. Ij) was addressing. The fi .-liners of the Constitutional Act had, singularly enough, forgotten to provide for so, anomalouH a contingency, and he seriously hoped, that in the Bill they were said to be en gaged upon for the explaining of the said Act, they would make such a provision as would relieve him (Or. I».) from his somewhat strange position In that House. (Laughter and cheers.) In Scotland, however, he (Dr. Ij.) had received his own education, nnd that at. a school con. ducted -under tlm General System. There he was initiated both in Lutin and Greek, and that too at tin? small expense of five shillings per quarter. (Hear, hear.) And it was just because he had derived such advantages himself under the General System, that he deemed It prac ticable, to give them to others at the same mnali charge. (Loud cheers and cries of hear.) And here lie would reinaik, that the hi en ought to he discarded, that in legislating on Education, the Council were providing for the humbler classes only. (Hear.) Ho was afraid that under tho present -circumstances of tho colony, ? the poor ' must he referred to so wide a citegory, thnt many moroniust be included in it than those who were usually known ns the humbler classes. (Hoar.) If, then, a good system were provided, all classes might very p'ropnrly. avail themselves of it. (Hoar) Th'! lion atid rev. momber then entered into a detailed statement in reference to the working of tho .General System at the Cape of Good Hope, where it had been introiiuced in 1839, and where, he said, it had be.pn completely suc cessful. He then addressed himself to the olijeutions which had been made against the system recommended by tho Select Committee. It had been designated by its opponents, an irreligious and infidel system. This ho denied in toto. The principle on which it was founded, was to give religious instruction without teaching those matters on which there were controversies, but to teach the children those fundamental truths which form the ground work of Christianity, which were agreed to by Christians of all churches, and which main tained the great facts and principles of reveated religion as recognised by all. But here he must observe, that one or two witnesses before the Select Committee almost disputed that there were these great fundamental principles on which all Christians were agreed. In fact, some of tho replies were so Irregular on that head, thnt it had been doomed wise by the parties giving them to leave them out of the printed Report. (Hear, hear.) THe (Dr. .L.) had asked a reverend gentleman, 'whether there were not certain great principles of re vealed religion -recognised by all, and which served ns a basis for their common faith?' The answer was, '.that he was not prepared to uay that there were such principles; he would not say that one truth or doctrine was morn Important. than the other.' Passing, however, from this point, he would revert to the charge of irreligion and infidelity which had been so recklessly brought against Lord Stanley's System. He asserted, in tho most. unqualified terms, that the system was founded on the principles of (hit doctrine of Christ, and 'in proof of this assertion, he would read some of tho Scriptural extract which were among the lessons appropriated for the schools. The hon and rev. iiiumhcr then read the following pRSsages : — . ll-ar, O Israel, tho Lord, thy God 1b one Lord. ... God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him, must worship Him 'in spirit and in truth. Tbero is none righteous ; no, not- one. All have sinned and cume short of tho glory of God. The wages of sin is death ; .but the gift of God is eternal 'life,' through Jetus Chilst, our Ltrd. It is appointed unto all men once to die, but after death the judgment. God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten sun, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life. God spared iiot'hls own son, but fi oely delivered him up to the death for us all. Thou shalt love the Lorri, thy God, with all thy soul, with all thy heart, with all thy strength, and with nil thy tnhul. Tills is the first Commandment; ami the second Is like unto it. Thon shalt love thy neighbour as thy self. On these two Commandments hang all the Law and the Prophets. Whatsoever ye would: that men -should do unto you, do ye even so unto them. He hath shewn thc.e, O man, what is ; good, and what doth the Lord, thy God, ireqtilro of thee but to do justly, to love nwury, and to w«lk humbly with thy Ood. Pure religion and undefiled, beforo- God evon the' Father, is this to visit the fatherless and the widows, and to keep himself unspotted from the world. Such were the principles embodied In' the books which * wero read in the schools established under Lord Stanley's System.! And yet persons could be found who denounced it as an infidel system, and unblushingly uttered so false, so wicked a calumny. It would be seen thnt these extracts were taken both from thn Protestant and Catho lic Testaments, but there could not be a shadow ofa shade of difference detected in tlie meaning, whether the extract -was from one .version or the other.; :t»nil surely to Protestants, who themselves used two versions of the Psalms, this cou'd be no serious objection. (Hear.) Now referring to the fundamental truths set forth in the passages he had rend, and comparing them with the catalogue of names in the first, Book of Chronicles, could any ono attempt to per suade him that the, truths of one were not of infinitely more Importance than the truths of the other. (Hear.) The hon. and rev. member then recounted the circumstances .which had. led to the establishment of the Martiniere System in India, where a Genefal Martin having made a jjrlnccly ; bequest, to 'be ilevotO'l to edu cation according :to ' the principles of the Christian Religion, 'the Ulshop of Calcutta: had claimed for the Church of England the right of appropriating the money. This right had been successfully resitted, and at length Bishop Wilson, although with apparently great reluct ance consented to engage with tho Vicar Ge neral of the Church of Rome, and tho Senior Presbyterian Minister, in framing a scheme of religious Instruction, which should embody tho fundamental principles recognised by the five Christian churches, namely, the English, Scotch, Roman, Greek, and Armenian, and which should at the same time exclude all points which were in controversy between them. A code of regulations u'as prepared by them, and from It ho (Or. Ij.) would road tho follow ing pasmures : — The following -are the main truths held In common, on which the public religious in struction should in your Committee's opinion, proceed, ' 1st. The Doing of God ; liia unity and per fections '2««l. Tho Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, a revelation inspired by tho Holy Ghost. '3rd The Mystery of the adorable Trinity. '4th. The Deity, Incarnation, Atonement, and Intercession of our Lord nuii Saviour Jesus ChrUt. ' 5th. Tho fall and corruption of man ; his accointib'rness and guilt. '?Bib. Salvation through grac?, by the meri torimis sacrifice and redemption of Christ '7ih. The personality and Deity of the Holy Spirit, urici his operations and grace In the sanetificition of man. ' 8Mi The indispensnble obligation of repent ance towards God, laith In Christ, and continual prayer for tho grace or the Holy Spirit. '9th. Tho moral duties which every Christian is bound to perform towards God, Ills neighbour, ard biinM-]f, as they are summed up in the ten commandment*, and enlarged upon in other parts of the Holy Scriptures, all based on the doctrines above specified, and enforced as their proper fruits.' These wero among the regulations set forth in that General System, and he asked whether it wns not a vile calumny to call such a system ' an infidel system?' (Loud cries of hnitr.) Such a system had been proposed for this co lony, a system whleh involved no difficulty — which involved no compromise. (Hear, hear.) It was said thht it separated religious from secular instruction. He (Dr. L) emphatically denied that It did so in the offensive sense, of the term. And here he would allude tn the unfairness in lihich n pertain hymn hail boon rend at a late meeting in (hit town. It was a hymn to tho Virgin Mary, unil it had been ulletrcd that, such a hymn would be likely to be used in the schools uinlwr Lord Stanley's Sys tuir-. In fact, it was hi'lieved that the hymn would be used, and «mr-« of 1i!k (l)r, L.) own congregation liiul found no little fault with him for advocating n system in which the use of such ii hymn could be permitted. Now lie d'Miied that fucIi a hymn ever could be used, and he need not say how;highly such unjust conduct,' nnd such liiiscliie.voui statements wero to Imdepre c.iteii. (Henr.) Tun hon. and rev. member then adverted to thn exertions he had made to advance the Criune uf 'Education in tills colony, and in stanced the fact of his having brought out no less than twenty-six schoolmasters, most of whom M'ere doing remarkably well. In con clusioii, hi! earnestly implored the House to con sider that the time wiib really coinn, when some understanding must he come to on the great question they were then discussing. Vor him. self he -desired to be considered any tiling but tho Impracticable person some took him to he. fin did not ivl.»h to put doivn the existing De nominational Schools ; (Cheers.) but, on thn enntrury, folt assured they could be carried on without any connexion with thn proposed Edu cational Board. By such an arrangement their proselytizing character would cease, and confi dence would be accorded to them by the public, (flheers.) He did not object to some modifi cation of the proposed system — Jf.he could not obtain the whole, 'he would be content with a reasonable part. (Hear.) He was quite willing to abide by the suggestion of tho hon. and learned member fur Durham, as to tho exclusion of the cl'r(ty from the schools For himself, he (Dr. L) should not likn to visit the, schools, fearful that, he might give ofience to Episcopalian and Roman Cntlioliu parents. ,('e'''v) He hoped that the proposal of the hon. member from the Crow's Nest would not _bu acceded to by tho House, for he felt assured that if tho go-by were onco mnre given to the question, the con stituencies from Port Phillip to IVIoreton Bay( would bn concurrentin recommending that t heir! Kepreseiititiveei bo sent about their business, us, indeed, it was enrrenty rumoured, they were soon fo b«, (Loud laughter and che«»s.) Let^ the question bo approached ;it or.ee, anil that in' a spirit of conciliation, which could not f-.il of successful result!'. The amendment of the hon. and learned member for Durham contained much that in itself was. good, and lie. (Dr. L) understood that a further amendment, in. tho. same spirit of conciliation, was to be moved by the lion, and learned member for Sydney. He folt convinced thnt botli amendment's would be carefully considered by tho House, and that! however great the difficulties might appear that embarrassed the question, thoy would be grappled with firmly, and immediately, so that by their calm, liberal, and comprehensive adjustment of a subject on ? which so much excitement .then . prevailed, the Legislative Council of New South Wales would merit a specie* of immortality. Tin) hon. »n(i learned member resumed his seat, amidst cordial cheers from both sides of tha houso. Mr. Bowman was opposed to any system which excluded the use of the -Bible in the schools, and in this opposition, tho Petitions, which had been laid on the table of the House, showed that he was supported 'try four-fifths of ?the colony. He dcnic.l that the signatures to theso Petitions had been obtained in the manner stated by the hon. aud rev. Member for Port Phillip, and ho also doubted if the General System would be cheaper, if indeed to cheap as the existing one. If a General System could be adopted, which should meet tiie views of tli« different communions, it should have hls.-cordlnl support, but until such a system was introduced, he considered It unfair to the promoters of the Denominational System to disnpss'ess them of their schools, In the manner yftoposod in the Resolution before tho Housed Mr. CowPBit moved thaJFtho Debate be ad journed until Thursday next. ; Dr. Nicholson seconded the motion. 'Mr. Wentwoutii cfPpose.d the adjuurnment, Th (i question 'had caosml a great excitement in tlio public mind, anflho thought that the sooner It was settled the better. Mr. TuBRn\f'6ald that the very excitement created, and the' vast importance of the question, were thn precise reasons why the. Council should not cume to a hasty decision. He should sup port the proposed adjuurnment The question 'boiug put, the Council divided, when the motion for the adjournment was car riedby a majority of 16 to 10. . WliLIAM .PRBNDBHO.AST. 'Dr. Nicholson postponed bringing forward, his motion, relative tb'thla man, until Tuesday. ?next.. ,. ' ...'..?'...-. .'?:, '. COMMITTBB ON INSOLVBNT ACT AMENDMENT; .BILL. Dr. Nicholson, pursuant to notice, moved,, that Mr. Darvall's name bu added to. the list of, the 'Select Committee, to whom has boeu re-, ferred the consideration of the Insolvent Act, Amendment Bill. ;... ? : ? Question put and passed. BANK OF AUSTRALIA SHARKS .BUM. Mr. W. C. WBNiwomn having, pursuant to notice, moved for and obtained leave. to bring In 'A Bill to enable tho Bank of Australia to dis pose of certain real and personal property, in the Colony of New South Wales, in certain shares by Int.' . Bill read a first time.; to be printed, andread a second time on Friday next. LIKN ON WOOIi AUENOUKNT Bttli. On tho motion of Mr. WBNrwonTn'thU'Blll was read a second tiinu, nnd ordered to be com mitted on Wednesday next. There not being twelve members present, the Council adjourned at twenty minutes past nine o'clock. 