MISCELLANEOUS. The Singing Mouse.— This heading, strange as it appears, is not a fiction, as the incredulous may asr certain to their complete satisfaction by a visit. We give the following account, furnished us by an intel- ligent correspondent . — " i have much pleasure m endeavouring to give you some account of a musical phenomenon wlririi I have just beheld and heard. I will do so in as lucid a manner as I am able. This wonder is in the shape of a " singing mouse," Let it not raise the smile of incredulity, for sing it does in verity. The little creature is the common house mouse of the masculine gender. When I heard him, he was in full song, having all the notes of the full grown canary. The imitation in the sostenuto pas sages and cadences of that bird was perfect. I feel assured that no reception was practised ; for by the aid of a powerful glass, which I purposely borrowed, I could observe the tremulousness of the throat, and I asked the proprietor to retire from the room for a- moment — which he did, in order that 1 might con vince myself that- 1 'was not made the dupe of ventrilo quism.. I then placed myself close to him, and the effect was still the same. No human being ..could make his piano passages. One circumstance places this beyond doubt ;. for sometimes parties .have to wait a considerable time before he will pipe. An in stance of this kind happened recently at the Palace, where he was taken for the Prince of Wales and the Princesses to hear him. But I was informed that he fully made up for this silence by afterwards singing more lustily than he ever did before. He requires to be attentively observed ; and by so doing you catch his variety. When quite still, his notes are surpass ingly distinct, and have all that peculiarity of the notes of the canary , when he is singing himself to sleep. While he was in motion, 1 tried the effect of sound upon him, by vibrating a tuning-fork upon the table. This, although repeated several times, neither deterred him from singing, nor in the slight est degree alarmed him. If I may hazard a conjecture, his pitch is more than an octave above that of the bird he imitates. It is very difficult to guess how this faculty got into him ; for supposing that he lis tened to the canary from his hiding-place, the larynx is not formed for such a purpose. However, I must leave the matter to physiologists and modern Danes Barringtons, simply contenting myself with silent wonder, now and then exclaiming 'prodigious?' It's history is somewhat interesting. The wife of the man to whom it belongs (they were poor ppople, but are now on the high road to competence) occupied the second flat of a mean house in lledcross-squarc, Gripplegate, and 4 save the mark ! ' at a tailor's. One night, not being able to sleep for what she conceived the gentle singing of her bird, she removed the cage|; but the singing remained, and not coming from the quarter in which poor innocent Dick was placed, it both puzzled her, and excited her curiousity for the rest of the night. The noise was of a flitting kind, like Hamlet's Ghost — sometimes here — sometimes there. She, however, felt convinced that it came from the wainscot, and she was right. A trap was set, and two nights afterwards the Syren was caught, which is likely to prove a golden egg to this knight of the goose. Now, I am one of those who believe in the transmigration of souls ; and taking into considera tion the neighbourhood, the song, the strange bird from which it comes, and its rarity all combined, I think I know who it is it is John Milton, I'll take my oath of it. He has come to revisit the glimpses of the moon, and to strike terror into the souls of Puseyites and Repealers, and to take the pledge from Father Mathew ! — Globe. Having heard and read a great deal respecting the singing mouse, we paid the little warbler a visit at the Cosmorama Rooms in Regent-street, and were soon convinced that there was no trick in the affair ; for we held the cage in which it is contained in our hand, and distinctly heard the song of the canary, very piano ; then it broke out- into a loud trill, resembling that of the wpodlark. After whirling about for some time like a squirrel, it left its singing saloon, and went into its dining room, and while taking some refreshment, of bread steeped in milk, it continued to chaunt a pecu liar sort of strain, quite different from what we had heard. After another turn or two . in its roundabout, it suddenly halted, and gave several tones very like the jug, jug, of the nightingale. This was by far the most mellifluous part of its performance, and one we are told, but very rarely heard. That this little creature is the greatest musical prodigy that has hitherto appeared in this country, we have no hesita tion in stating, and we have no doubt but its praise will be unanimously sung by all who may hear it warble a musette or a catena distrilli, and were Cata- lina herself to pay us another visit, notwithstanding she might sing with great eclat, she would find a for midable rival in the mczza voce of the musical mouse. We have seen fleas industriously at work, heard a canary talk, a mouse sing — who can tell but we may behold a set of snails dance a quadrille p It is our opinion that the mouse, when young was placed either in a cage with a canary bird, or close to one (for it is fond of canary seed), and having two nice little ears for music, it caught the varied strains of the bird, and became a proficient warbler, without paying anything for instruction, and there is no doubt of its becoming " a singer to the million." Newspaper Statistics.— It appears from the last returns made to Parliament, that there are present: 138 newspapers circulated in London, the total amount j of which for one year's circulation, is 33,271,020 papers, and advertisement duty amounts for a year to £48,179 10s. There are 214 English country papers in circulation, the total yearly circulation of which amounts to 16,857,000, showing that though the number of papers considerably exceed those of the metropolis, the yearly circulation does not amount to one-half of the London circulation. The amount of advertisement duty on the English provincial papers is, for the year, £49,766 18s. In Scotland there are at present in circulation 80 papers, nearly one- fourth of which are pnblished in the city of Edinburgh, and it is worthy of remark, that notwithstanding the wealth of that city, there is not one daily paper pub lished there. The yearly amount of advertisement duty for Scotland is £12,595 12s., anil the circula tion amounts to 1,478,940. In Wales there are 10 papers in circulation, the highest of which averages only- 1,500 per week. The circulation of the rest is very uncertain, rising to 10,000 in one month, and the next falling to 1,000. The total yearly circula tion is- 88,000, and the advertisement duty £305 18s. 6d. There are 24 papers circulated in Dublin, the yearly circulation of which amounts to 3,365,408 papers, and the advertisement duty to £4,599 8s. There are 53 Irish country papers, the yearly circu lation of which is 2,435,038 and 12,000 supplements. The advertisement duty amounts to £3,686 16s. Taking the whole collective newspaper circulation in Great Britain for one year, and allowing, as an average, that each paper was a square yard, the space which the papers would cover, would afford standing room to three fifths of the inhabitants of the globe, at the rate of a square foot to each individual. Surplus Population. — The extent of territory oc cupied by Judah and Israel in David's days did not quite double that of the principality of Wales. The ; king took a census, and the returns showed the popu lation to be about seven millions. In the peaceful, prosperous feign of Solomon they must' be supposed to have increased yet more, and so we find it, for the language employed concerning them is— " Judah and Israel were many as the sand which is by the sea shore for multidude, eating and drinkiug and making merry." Here, then, was a small conntry most densely peopled, yet rejoicing in abundance, filled with food and gladness, neither knowing nor fearing distress. To what shall we- attribute it P Certainly not to a long course of prosperity, for . when David commenced his reign the land was overrun by the Philistines, who devoured its increase, oppressing and slaying the people, and nearly up to the time of their numbering, eternal wars had perpetually interrupted the current of national prosperity. Colonies they had none ; commerce was almost unknown to them ; they do not appear to have had manufactures sufficient for their.own consumption. And yet. " surplus popula tion" would have sounded strangely in the ears of an Israelite ! One of the main blessings promised to their obedience was, that there should be neither male nor female barren among them. The man who feared the Lord was told that his wife should be as a fruitful vine : children were counted without any distinction of clhsses as olive branches around the table — as arrows in the hand of a giant ; and he was pro nounced happy who had a quiver full of them. Cir cumscribed as was the territory, each family being restricted to its own lot ; and prodigiously rapid as was the increase of population, the man who had ven tured to talk of a " preventive check" would have stood a better chance of being stoned than eulogised. — Perils of the Nation. Iiush Beggars. — In Dublin they are exceedingly insolent and repulsive , in Cork, merry and good- humoured, but most provokingly clamorous ; in Wa- terford, their petitions were preferred more by looks than words, and a refusal was at once taken ; in Clonmel — we were there during a season of frightful want — they appeared too thoroughly depressed and heart broken to utter even a sentence of appeal ; in Killarney they seemed trusting to their utter wretch edness and filth ot apparel , as a contrast to the sur passing grace and beauty of nature all around them, to extort charity from the visitors and in Wieklow, where we encountered far fewer than we expected (always excepting Glcndalough), they laboured to earn money by tendering something like advice as to the route should be taken by those who were in search of the picturesque. One had followed a friend of ours, to his great annoyance, for upwards of a mile, and on bidding him good-bye, had the modesty to ask for a little sixpence. " For what ?" inquired the gen tleman ; " what have you done for me ?" " Ah, then, sure haven't I been keeping your honour in dis- coorse ?" — Mr. and Mrs. Rail. Tiie Alphabet. — Among all the productions and inventions of human skill, there is none more admi rable and useful than writing, by means whereof a man may copy out his very thoughts, utter his mind without opening his mouth, and signify his pleasure at a thousand miles' distance, and this by the help of twenty -six letters, and fewer in some places ; by va riously joining and combining of which letters, all words that; are utterable and imaginable may be framed ; for the several ways of joining and com bining of these letters amount (as Clevins the Jesuit hath taken the pains aud time to compute) to 585,261,673,846,766,400 ways ; so that all things that are in Heaven or earth, that are or were, or shall be, that can be uttered or imagined, may be expressed and signified by the help of this marvellous alphabet, which may be inscribed in the compass of a farthing. — History of Manual Arts. Popular Applause.: — The people are a set of mas ters whom it is not in a man's power in every instance fully to please, and at the same time faithfully to sei ve. He that is resolved to persevere without a de viation in the line of truth and utility, must have learnt to prefer the still whisper of enduring . appro bation to the short lived bustle of tumultuous applause. Bunkum. — " Bunkum /" I said, " pray, what is that p" " Did you never hear of Bunkum ?" No, never." "Why yon don't mean to say you; don't know what that is P" " I do not indeed." "Not Bunkum ? Why, there is more of it in (Nova Scotia every winter than would paper every room in Govern « ment House, and then curl the hair of every gal in 'town. Nothear of the Bunkum P why how you talk ' No- never." " Well, if that don't pass ! I thought every body know 'd that word. " I'll tell you, then, what Bunkum is. All over America, every place likes to hear of its Members to Congress, and' see their speeches, and if they don't; they send a piece to the paper, enquirin' if their Member.died a nateral death, or was skivered with a bowie knife, for they hantc seen his speeches lately, and his friends are anxious to know his fate. Our free and enlightehed citizens don't approbate silent members it don't seem to them as if Squashville, or Funkinville, or Lumbertown was right represented, unless Squashville, or Funkinville, or Lumbertown makes itself heard and known, ay, and feared too. So every feller in bounded duty talks, and talks big too, and the smaller the Stale the louder, bigger, and fiercer its members talks. Well, when a critter talks for talk sake, jist to have a speech in. the paper to send to home, aud not for any other airthly purpus but electioneering, our folks call it Bunkum. Now the State o' Maine is a great place for Bun/nan, its members for years threatened to run foul of Eng land, with all steam on, and sink her, about theboun- dary line — voted a million of dollars, payable. in pine logs ahd spruce boards, up to Bangor mills — and called out a hundred thousand militia (only they never come), to captur'ia saw mill to New Brunswick — that's Bunkum — all that flourish about Righto' Sarch was Bunkum — -all that brag about hanging your Canada sheriff, was Bunkum. All the speeches about the Caroline, and Creole, and Right o' Sarch, was Bunkum. In short, almost all that's said in Congress in the colonies, for we set the fashions to them, as Paris gals do to our miliners,) ;and all over America is Bunkumf — Sam Slick in England. Reported Death of General Jackson.— -The True American a Philadelphia paper) of the 26th August, announces in positive terms the death of the former President of the United States, surrounded by a mourning border : — " Decease of Gen- Jackson. — . This truly great man is now numbered with the dead. He departed this life about the 2'2nd instant, of haemorrhage of his lungs." We must confess that we do not ourselves place implicit confidence, nor, in deed, any confidence at all, in the truth of this an nouncement, which, we think, must have reached us in a more authoritative shape, if it had been well founded ; but finding, as we do, the fact positively stated, wc think it right to place this statement before our readers.— Manchester Guardian, Taking the Veil.— The following bit of comedy took place a little time ago j — A gay noble lord called at a lace shop, and selected a very beauiiful and costly veil, paid for it, and requested that it might be sent, with his card, addressed to a certain fair one. Presently, and before the veil was packed up, who should walk into the shop, by mere accident, but the wife of the noble lord, to buy some trifling article. The veil caught her eye, and she greatly admired it She was informed that it was to be sent as a present from Lord to Miss— — . Her ladyship asked if there was another veil of the same kind, and was answered in the affirmative. She directed ' it to be. sent to her residence, addressed to her, with the best affections of Mr. . The lady, on the return of her faithful lord, laid the veil upon the table, and exclaimed, "See what a beautiful. present! have re ceived !" His lordship knew the article, and was confounded. Then bouncing about, and insisting upon knowing who had dared to take the liberty, &cM; the tantalizing lady recommended him to call for par-- ticulars at the shop from whence the veil had been sent. He did so, and was soon convinced of the trick played him. He paid for tiic article, parti v as a reward for the ingenuity of his wife, but, in fact,' ' more for the purpose of throwing a veil over the transaction. ' - 