THE " HERALD." An editorial remark in the Heraldof Mon day, on the "last word" gentleman's letter, demands from us the acknowledgement of our sense of his good feeling and courtesy. We do, indeed, now hope, that the Sydney public press will not become the arena or fighting ground of angry polemics, or of personality of any sort; but of honorable rivalry, as to who shall best raise his country, and advance the well-being of every man, of every class, and creed. May we all, on every side, take as a maxim, Homo sum, el a me nihi hu?mani alienum pulo. ST. PATROCK' SOCIETY, AND SOI1ErY FOR THE PROPAGATION OIF THE FAITH. The usual monthly meeting of the above societies took place on last Sunday evening,,in the hall of St. Mary's Seminary, formerly St. Joseph's Chapel. The Very Rev. the Vxasa GaOwsIA in the chair. The Rev. J. M'Esoaoa said, that before the regular business of the evening commenced, he would take that opportunity of reading an inte. resting letter to them, from the Annals of the Pro pagation of the Faith s Extract from r Ietter of Mgr. Rissolati, Vicar. Apostolic of IH uam, to the Members of the Coanssl of the Asociatroon. U.Cham.Fu, January 10, 1841. "Gentlemen, "The Rev. Father Joset, our) procurator' at Macao, advises me to transmit to you the news con. -ong my vacariate,-wchieh appoeaticaleblated to edlfyyou; -and I willihgly accede to' liifriendly recoemmendation, in 'order to. drawa still eloser the fraternal bonds that already unite. our mission to your holy Association. May. this letter, the first that I address to you from the depths of Asla, esteb. lisb between us, as it were, i aseated compact, which by the mutual exchange of our communicationsr and of your Annals, will associate you, happy Christians of Europe, to our trials and joys, and will sustain by the example of the devotion and sucessi of all the apostles of the world, us,- who are the pastors of a flock that the wolvesiare dispatlig for. "' On the 2nd of October, 1840, all .the Christians men and women, imprisoned for the faith, appeared again before the tribunal of U-Cham.Pa. The judge proposed to them to trample upon the cross, and to curse Jesus Christ, promising that, on condi. 'ion of this apostasy, the doors of the prison would be instantly thrown open. :But all, without excep. tlon, rejected with horror the sacrilegious terms on whicltheir' freedom was offered, and they werer thereupon, transmitted to the superlor Iminister of justice, who having founad them inaccessible to promises and threats, ordered them back to thear .dungeon. . . The seal of the confessors did not remain there inative. 'There': was ih'thesatme prison with two Chirtloan.women ~'piga .weoman, who had kee coramittedfoi nibt lit4baer hrhisabd.' Toaobeh ai the' unvarryig p ptience of those two Christians, who could be only charged with fdelity to their faith and interiorly -eniightened by a ray of grace, .,she set about deploring her crimes in all the bitterness of her soul i on the, 9th of October, abe urgently begged to be baptised, regardless of the rigorous treatment which her conversion would bring upon her. I" A few days afterwards another pagan woman, guilty of homicide, imitatedr-her repantanceu.and solicited the same grace ;.she bewailed her fault with abundance of tears. When hbe had':learned from the two neophyles the principal prayers of the Christiaos, she received from 'their hands the sacra. ment of regeneration., Oh, how thsl Lord'ia rich in his mercy I .Whilst the ministers of Satan do their best to destroy the Church, behold.in a dark'duo. geon, where innocent hbristians.are suffering, God calls pagans to the faith, and criminals to repent. ance and pardon; whilst, without .proscription re. strains the zeal of the apostles, weak women in chains and . efore the eyes of their. petsecutors, boldly' preach the Gospel and open heaven to new elect. 'Tertullian had good reason to say that the blood of martyr is ithe seed of Christians. "' The conversion of some apostates has given us a joy not less great. A young neophyte, namsed Quam, after a year's captivity, endured for the na us of Jesu, had yielded so the leoith of the trial, and towards the end of November, quitted his prison, by passing over the cross. .His bishop had. the happiness of pmaking him comprehend the enormity of his fault, and he delayed' not to repair it. lhe judge called upon him cafter oine days, to sign the certificate of his abjuration? and nero was his answer, ' Mandari.n I fear not your tormeets; send .he into iraile 1 am ready to go even to Tartary, rather than offend my God a second'time t if I have apostatized, it is an impious act of' cowardice, against which my conscience cries out; it is, a ciime which I hope to expiate, but which I shall. never be made to commit again.' iney eodesvo,red. to force him to trample again on the cross, but he resisted. ' Walk at least upon this rosary,' said tho judge, ' or I send you back to prison.' Ihe cou. rageous Quam p*oceeded at once towards his dun. cuon, and went to console his brethren, the con. lessors, wno were still mourning over his fall. "The her.ism of the mother of the hMachashees. has been here revived in the heart of a Chinese neophite. Her only son was accused before the tribunal of Ping.iro.sfen of professing a religion pro. scribed by the emperor, and upon his own confession he was bound and led to prison. The judge.who presided at the arrest of the young man, examined also the women who were present, to know if they were Ciiiistians ; their answers in the affirmative placed him in much embarrassment, because it was not possible to make them apostatise; this he com prehended by the energy of their refusal; 'and "he did not wish to send' them to prison, lest he should make more noise and more victims than he desired. 1n his vexation he satisfied himself with describing with a stick a circle around a' young girl who was kneeling before him. (In China it is the custom to kneel before the judge who 'examines 'th accused.) ' If you quit this circle,' said he to her, 'it will be a proot that you have apostatized ;i antd he thoun retired. After his departure every one withdrew, except the young girl, whom the fear of abjuring her faith kept on her knees, fixed within the harrow space to which the rod of the mandarin had confined hier, A secretary of the mandasin, curaous to know what the innocent captive would do, returned, and finding her still to the sate place and the same attitude, he desired her to rise and go away. ' No,' she answered; I 'would rs h?I die than take one step.' ' The mandasin did not speak -etiouls?,' said he. * It is do matter,' she replied; ' 1 heard his words and I do not' know his intentions.' The secretary pressed her for a long time. without being able to obtatq a different reply ; he then effaced the lione that his mister had traced, and the young girl quitted the spot. '" The young man whose arrest had given rise to this incident' was brought before the minister of justice, who, after having to no purpose urged him to apostatise, passed from persuasion to tortures, and had him beaten on. the face with rods, but without shaking the firmness of the confessor. He was then shut up in a horrible prison, where long sufferings weakened his courage. When the energy of his mind had abandoned him, together with his physical strength, some of his relatives and friends, who were pagana, came to visit him t moved with a false compassion at the miserable state. in which, they found him, they besought him to abjure, at least outwardly, the faith for which he.was wasting his youth and life. ' After all,' said they, ' your heart will still' belong to your God ; being restored to your family, you'will be more free than ever to serve Him.' His mother soon heard of 'the. perfidious counsel which a blind friendship was giving to the confessor. S 8he was deeply aflMcted on account of it. Her faith' enabled her to uoderstand far dif fcreotly the true interest of her son. Shelsent for a devoted Christian, and besought him' to carry with. out delay to sheiplrisoner this sublime4 ithortationis ' My soti, it is for heaven that I brought you into the world,; until this moment you have realized pl. my expectations i i)ou had the weakness.to betray them, I would deny you as my childe I eoultno longer recognise my blood if it ceased': d' be Chriil?a?~. My ion, in losing your God you would lose also your mother. 'But I will, on the eontrary, acknowledge you, though you were in the tomb, when, ae a martyrofo that God whoi has vouchsafed to expire on an infamous cross for your salvation and for mine, I should resve intio my arms, with vencriation, your corpse in'the ;tiffoess of death' "*These words aestered to th:e Iyoung man his .cou€0 ge4 rbhi sasnfaiinisgohl ' h~i eeatised al.l the-. soltcittlion'i as well as the.; lortures of the judges, and .was condemned .o:rperpoual .banishment to' Tiartary, where he lamentis mu?h hel se theuffeings be endures than the dangera?t o which his faith is stillesposed. .. , "In another 'district, that of Fa";stI'.r siew, ,our faith baa Ilkewisd received a strikiog testimony. Thbe mandarin being nlouns tos procure for himself titles to favour by the arresting of Ch?ritinsl des. patched en entire army to seis suohof our disciples ' as had been pointed out to him as ibte 'noit faerent. Ant the remort of'the arrival f the tropis, of which the orders wer' knowns 'all'ourdisciples men, women, and chbildren, aas well asr'thb! olil,trepslied' to the tribunal of .the miandariu and asked of hinm tIo open ito them the doois o1 the prison, becauise they were all equally guilty, if 4:deiltty to t,~he GoS pel was reputed a' crime. ' The Judgetfrwho 'wat muich embarrased by this moltitudeadvised lienlil to retire, making prutestations of l.is gid feeCdlidgs oHwards them; but uas facts gaveo::the lie to bls words, 'they assewqred him, that thero was no choice tio be'mude" amoiegst the Christlan? thi as they i:ll preferred the:law of God to the deareas.of:the'em peror, they should all be. ceomprised in a general condemnation, ifithey didr not re'ive~a general r' Btiat "said "the smindudale, the 'empiereO:do. *eot wish ho manimpdsoneehl i is stileod Wthh " fed.:.% We li, thenI' thatshall be me, 'said a Christain t t Lt me be put in chalos, cried anotherj * Let wie bie sent into eile, added a thIrd. S'ee,' said he, 'beating himselfr a unmercifully, * iif' fea toture.' LHere is my head, said the most resolute; *"let it be cut off. *'o To all those voices., which expressed, not threats, but the desire of suffering for Jesus Christ, were united the wailing 'of hildreni 'the murmurs of the'pagans theimlselves were saoon joined to these, for they were 'unable so witness, without being deeply mo0ed,'the aelf.devntion'of our brethren for their religion. The: mandaris at` last understood that he had acted imprudently: he hastened to put an end to the 'reproaches whichl assailed 'him even from amongst his giuards i he dimiilssed the Chris. lians with the assurance of perfect security. Be. fore departing, oir neophytes prostrated themselves to thank him ,for his :clemency, after which each returned to his home. :." That the courage of an entire people, ready 'to die for their faitli; should disarm the severity of a persecuting 'mandarin, i' for China an event par. takidg somewhat of a prodigy; but what must still more surprise theam is, to see an humble neophyte, devoted to'death by the fanaticism of the pagans, triumph over all their bhared by the herolsm of his charity, and carry with bhi~ to the tomb the admirea tion and' teats of his 'eoeniies as well as of his brethren. S"A' pagan of Lug e rfu wras converted to the Ca. tholie faith. His ?revour was not confined to the cultvtivation'oftho vitsites whiti ;'adorn a chlritiita soul; he ias desirous ii il t airdour of his charity, to communicate to all his countrymen the pure joy that he experienced 'it the service of the trne God. But as his works, still more than his words, were a censure on their vices, they resolved on his destruc-. tion. After having cruelly beaten him with sticks, they dragged: him to the bank of a frozen river, and hung him Uipon the ice, which, giving under the weight of his body, he disappeared, and was carried away by the current. a" However, the Lord, who destinied him to glorify one day his name, allowed him to escape from this dangerr all wet, and (trembling with cold, the Christian went to seek shelter in the bouse neat to that of his brother in law; but'as they believed him to be drowned, they took him for a spectre, and thought it was a ghost coming to disturb the living: the door 'wai shut against him. As for the pagans who attempted his life, when they saw ht:n appear again ambogst them, they leaded him with 'curses and insults. "The disciple of Jesus Christ, lhile exposed to all this hatred, had need of all the meekness which is derived from'the example of his divine master. He opposed only silence to the unjust reproaches of his peisecutors; at each new outrage he redoubled his prayers; bt his 'heroic patience was unable to disarm them. Resolved' to be rid of him at any cost, they proceeded to denounce him :him to the mandarin as a person professing a religion forbidden by the laws. The judge willingly made himself the instrument of their vengeance; after baving in vain recommended the neophyte to return to his idols, he invented how tortures to subdue him. His body was covered with sores, but his countenarce had lost nothing of its serenity. The executioners wished to make a last attempt; they brought burn. leg brands, which they laid on the bare flesh of the confessr ; they continued burning for more than' ar hour: at length, when they were reduced to ashes, the victim asked of his judge if he had any other torments for him to undergo. ' You have con quered me,' replied the Mandarin; 'returnto your family.' ,, Our Christians we-i 'almost av .iuch amaxed a' the Gentiles, at seeing the courageous champion, as it were; inseniible to such cruel treatment; they could not help expressing to him their astonishment. SWhen' they struck me,' he replied, ' I felt only very slight blows, such as would be given in play with a rod; as to the fire, it seemed to me as if these were some inches distance between 'the coals and my body; I only felt an agreeable warmth.'" The Very Rev. the Vncan GsatanaLn. said, before announcing the collections for 81. Patrick's, that the sum received in that Church on Easter Sunday, was only £6,' and on that (the present Sunday) they only received the very small sum of £4. He ex pected that persons attending that church would have been more liberal in their contributions, par. ticularly as they were aware' that a large am r of money was due on it.' He' saw several persons forcing their way up' through the church, without contributing one peony.' That was not fair. He (the Vicar Geabseral) and' Mr. Coyle had put their nases to bills for the completion of St. Patrick's, for which they would be responsibie. There was a great postion of tbhe chulch to which persons could go without any'charge whatever. If the church were not in debt they would trot be so urgent in their demands. Unles 'persona attending the church would contribute something to it, they must adopt the system as in St. MVary's,"and rent out the benches;'otherwise they would not be able to meet their responsibilities. If persoes would but pay the sum of '8d or 6d 'it would tendvery much to create a fund that wrduld play off the debt. He and Mr. Coyle'were' alonek responsible for the bills ' and the only way they could manage, as they had not the fund to meet them, would be to get them renewed. Insteld of payini £200 asi they ought, and as they expected tobe'able t~d do, they would only be' able to pay £80, and"ohblifb 'aunder the necesity of gettiong't?e bills reeaweidfur' the remoder. 'He would therefore be obliged to mike tshe arrnasigement of irequiriing from perrao~na tie lunre 'of sli pince or three pence, just isi tsdey atte'nd'l the' respective parts of the church for 'whtcli ttiooiss argsei are'a7'dce. As he said before, 'inlesii holiilsdpted'this system; hIe would not be ableto pay tie debt. He fe!! much pleasure in 'announciog to them that the sum received for the evening Wasr.'14 Os. ?d. . The ,Vsoan, OGanar.1said,' before they cam menced with the collections for the Propagation of the. Faith, he was sure they would. be grltifed ro hear read a few extracts from the letterof the Superior of Missionaries at Morton Bayto the Archbishop. The letter stated that the eaertions of the, Mis. ilonaries were gridnallj progressing, and that tirhe affections of the blacks, for,them were iec!easing every day. They (the Missionaries) hoped, when they would succeed.in acquiring a kuowledge of the language of 'the blacks, to be able tobring them round to the worship of God. . They already ldmit the existenee of one Supreme Being, who mande and gloverna all thitngs. Thejp had not yet spoken to Him, for He had, not apoken Io them but, they espect to see iand peak, to Him after .death, The Illtter liso went on, to say, thati the blacks had agreed to give.up their children to the iisslionanies for the purpose of inlstruction, in.a shool they were sbout opening ihere i and tbhat the young men had agreed to cultivate the ground, on the conaideratiob of receiving the'produce as a remuneration for their labour,. The Misilonarleas slculated also on being' aible to get the blacks to Ilive in huis together,'so asI to tlrm. themslve linto a little.eommunity,raod if they. tyete i ifhltuinpet aslto.vucceed it deln; ao, they had no doubt they would be soon able to make them embrace chtistisnity. The rev." gentleman, after reading lthe habove etraicts, announced the suma received for the Propagation of the Faith ito be £9 13s lId. The meeting then separated. - 