TFTB. LATE ADMIRAL COGHIIAN. " We have much pleasure in extracting from the United Service Gazette, the. following portion, of a tribute, to the memory of one of the most gallant officers in the service, the late Admiral Coghlan, .uncle of Captain Coghlan, who commanded H.M.S, Aypon, 72 guns; and by marriage, o£ our respected fellow colonist, Mr. Driscoll, of the Colonial Bank. After mentioning a most gallant exploit, our contemporary, says :— "Earl St.; Vincent presented Mr. Coghlan with a handsome sword, and in recommending him for promotion (although he Jiad not served his time as Midshipman), lie spoke in the highest terms of the exploit, which he declared filled him with 'pride and admiration.' In eonse-' quence of this gallant actiftn, Mr. Coghlan's commission *as Lieutenant was confirmed by an Order in Council on the 22nd September following, and.he was continued in his command. He was pretty fortunate in making captures, and in 1801 took L'Bero, of fourteen guns. In April, 1802, he was appointed to command the Nimble cutter, and on the 1st of May, 1804, he received his commission as a Commander (Mr. Paddon was made a Lieutenant on the gOth April-in the same year, hut did not gain his next step till two and twenty years afterwards), and was soon appointed to the Reward, of sixteen, guns, in which he sailed for the West Indies, aiid On the 20th April, 1805, he brought to action the General Erneuf, French privateer (formerly the Lily, sloop) mounting twenty guns. The Captain of the privateer, when lie hailed, ordered the Renardto * strike.' To which, Captain Coghlan replied, ' So I will presently, and d—d hard too.' He kept his word, for in thirty-five minutes the General Erneuf took fire, and in less than a quarter .of an hour blew up; The Renard picked up fifty-five of her people who escaped from the flames, and upwards of one hundred must have perished. On November 11th, 1805, the Renard captured the French privateer schooner BeUona,u& St. Domingo, considered one of the fastest sailers in the .West Indies. In the May following he chased for sixty-four hours the French National brig Diligent, armed-with sixteen guns, of which 'two were brass thirty-two pounders. On coming up with her, a smart But short action ensued, when she surrendered. In the summer of 1807, Captain Cbghlan was appointed to command the Elk, and in November of that year captured a Spanish mail-packet off the Cartouche Bank; and in'February, 1808, he took a fine French schooner privateer in the Gaicos passage. Captain Coghlan obtained Post rank 27th November, 1810, and we find him commanding the Euryalus frigate in the summer of 1813. Towards the close of that year, whilst in command of the Alctnene, he captured a French National schooner near Corsica. On the 4th June, 1815, he was created Knight Companion of the Bath. -In 1813, Captain Coghlan commanded a Marine Battalion in a successful attack on the demy's batteries at Cassis; and in 1814 he assisted at the capture and destruction of a convoy in the Bay of Genoa* On the 4th March, 1826, he was appointed to the Forte, frigate, in whioh he sailed for the South American station, and remained till 1830. j~Ap]>RE8S.3 the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Tasmania. MY LOUD,—Haying heard your lecture delivered,in St. Band's, Cathedral on the ?th' of August, i; beg to make a few remarks upon the leading, points, as I conceive the public-at, large would'best jpdge of its merits by hear'ipg both sides of, the. question. \- Your Lordship pointedly denied the existence of tradition, and' said'the church admitted of no 'tradition, she only acknowledged' the doctrines of the church in the Primitive Ages, and the opinons of the Holy Fathers, i. e., God's Saints. .Now,'iny Lord. v'e will see by ex^tmination, how th edoctrines ofthe Established Church,differ from thpse preached and. practised by'the Holy Facers, I think your Lprdship will figd "comparisons are odious/'* ' • > Before I proceed to the Holy Fathers, I beg to place in. opposition with your Lordship's, the opinjpns of«ome of the most distinguished divines of your church Dr.. Nixon. " The Bible without note or comment is to be considered the only" rule of faith." " • . Dr. Bahuy, . • " The opinions of the people are and piust be founded more on authority than reason; their" Teachers— : £heir Go vernors—in a great measure determine what they are to believe and what to practise." Dr. Marsh. " The poor, who constitute the great bulk of mankind, cannot, without assistance, understand the Scriptures." British Critic. " In the sense in which " it is understood at this day, -Scripture is not on Anglican principles— the rule of faith. ChiUingworth. " That the Books of Scripture are notobjects of our faith, and that a man may be saved who may not believe them to be the word of God." Good God 1 to what monstrous absurdity are the advocates of error driven methinks I hear St. Augustin say, " what is it you are trusting to poor weak souls—what is it you are trusting to ?" Dr. Nixon. "I fear my brethren, there are many of you who do. not read your Bibles; and wore of you pay greater attention to the notes and comments, than to the sacred text. But it is necessary that you should read the Scriptures, and judge for yourselves." Dr. Balguy. '' Would you have them —the people—think for themselves? Would you have them hear and decide the controversies of the learned? Wouldyou have them enter into the depths of criticism, of logic, of scholastic divi nity ?" Yet the persons to which the Dr. particularly speaks, were all furnished with Biblfes, and the questions to which he refers are, " Whether Christ did or did not come down from Heaven ?" Whether " he did or did not die for the sins of the World ?" Whether "he sent his Holy Spirit to assist and comfort us," or whether <c h6" did not send him ?" Here, then, my Lord, are Protestant authorities diametrically opposite to you, and, this is not a letter of what I could" produce ; I could bring forward the testimony of the Bishop of Lincoln, and Drs. Walton, Watson, Taylor, &c.; Now, my Lord, I ask you if in the face of this conflicting testimony, any reasonable man would adhere to a principle that has led so many astray ?• . I beg to lay 'the following questions before your Lordship, viz.— If the Bible be the only rule of faith, why, in the name of common sense, are we taxed to. keep up a numerous, a useless, and an expensive clergy? ' ' How the Bible alone can b£ a sufficient rule of faith for the unlettered and the ignorant, who compose the great bulk of mankind ? . Upon what authority do you profess doctrines that are not to be found in the Sacred , Scriptures ? Why you receive books as canonical, which were not written by Apostles, viz., St. Luke and St Mark; and, at the same time, reject the well authenticated work of St. Barnaby, who is called in Scripture an Apostle—and one full of the Holy Ghost f Upon what authority you believe the Hply Scriptures to be the genuine compositions.of the persons whose names are attached to them, or, in other,words, that your Bible is authentic, canonical, and faithful ? Why there are four verses omitted in Psalm the xiv. in your Bible, and inserted in the Book of Common Prayer, to which the clergy swear their " consent and assent ?" Lastly, how you could, my Lord, 'conscientiously and solemnly swear to the truth of the " sufficiency of the,Bible for Salvation," with the Apostles' Creed staring you in the face. I beg your Lordship's particular attention to the last of these questions. Now, my Lord, let us come to the Council of Nice, to the decrees of which, your Lordship necessarily attaches such importance, and to this I would by the attention 'of every candid ,and sincere Protestant. Your Lprdship told, us that the dpetrine of the Chrbti&n.Church;, at thftt time, was in its apostolical purity, the less it should then be subject to usurp an authority (infallibility) at' variance with the Spirit of evangelical purity. The Fathers of the Council of Nice claimed the privilege of infallibility when they laid the axe to the root of. the Arian Heresy. That great Council was the speaking' organs of the Catholic world. v Here, my Lord, I ask you what right.had that great Council to iseal for ever the gates of eternal glory againstthe Arian Heretics,—if the doctrines of the present Established Church illumined the minds of the Christians at, that time. Mark this, my Lord, admit the Protestant principles of the sufficiency of the Bible and the right of private judgment, and it would follow that the decisions of this Council would stand everlastingly .as a ' monument of ecclesiastical tyranny over the iree- ,born rites of the'impious and blasphemous assertions of the Arian Heresy. The Rule by ,which they tested the doctrines, was tradition :and the viva voce of the Church of Christ—. " The pillar and theground of truth." ' I beg to askyoui; Lordship by what method . you would convert an Avian; not by your Bible—because he holds the Bible as well as you; not by your Church—because she may lead him astray, as* she cannot upon Protestant principles command his unqualified submission. The following will illustrate the matter, and make it tolerably clear: Bishop to the Arian—-From what source do you drawyour monstrous and impious doctrines? Arian—From the Bible. •But you misinterpret the Soripture to answer your own wicked doctrines? Arian—-I exercise my judgment, and that is a privilege, I presume, you cannot deny me Upon your own principles. Bishop.—Certainly not; but there is the Church, she has authority to settle "certain controversies of faith." Arian.—Oh 1 I thought the Bible was your only rule, and could '.settle all differences with you. But, pray does the Church possess.the power of finally settling the controversies that arise within her pale; or, has she authority to command the unqualified submission of her members to her decision ? Bishop—No; the Church may "pronounce doctrines" as true, which are not in Stiripture; but, has not strictly speaking authority to settle them finally, and therefore cannot rightly be' enforced. .' •4rtaji._And is this the Church to the decision of which you would have me accede,—a. Church that claims authority, but to lead me astray. No, I will stick to good ground—I will'cling to tbe Bible. Such,, my Lord, would be the reasoning of the Arian, and indeed ft would be more consistent than your Lordship's; your "Lordship could not urge your opinions upon him, without signing the death warrant of your system, and violating that bro.id principle of y'our religion, the right of. private judgment, your boasted right of security. But, my Lord, there are modern heresies by the Socinian, and now I ask you, my Lord, if the Established Church be the (would-be) tpye of the Primitive Church, why she does-not possess the authority to strike at the root of these heresies, by commanding them (like the Primi- - tive Church) to renounce their doctrines and return to the one " sheepfold," or deal out the severest censures against their unhallowed obstinacy. I ask you, my Lord, if a convocation of Protestant Bishops be like the Councils in the early ages of Christianity, why such a convocation cannot claim the prerogative (b'ke the Councils of Nice) of marking with anathemas the assertors of such blasphemous doctrines ? I ask you, my Lord, why you cannot urge the authority of your Church against the various schisms that arise within her pale ? The reason obvious; your Lordship would silently murmur condemnation of their spiritual rebellion, but can not, dare not, raise the cry of denunciation against them ; your lips are for ever sealed by your own principles, (those Heavenborn doctrines), until you remodel essentially your system of reading and interpreting. Here, myLord, we shall examine the opinions of a few of the Holy Fathers, and compare the-doctrine preached and practised by them, to which your Lordship wodd in vain try to force a connection of the Established Church. St. Ignatius, when on his way to Borne, " exhorted the Christians to guard themselves against the rising heresies, and to firmly adhere to the tradition of the Apostles." The same sentiments appear in the epistles of St. Polycarp, angel of the Church of Smyrna. • St, Iracraeus writes, " nothing js easier for thpse who seek the truth, than to remark in every Church the tradition which the Apostles have manifested to all the world." The same Holy Father adds," " the tongues of nationd may vary, but the virtue of tradition is one ans thei same everywhere." Aijd again,—" We appeal to the faith and tradition of the greatest and most ancient Ckwrch, that of Rome, founded by the Apostles S.S. Peter and Paul" Terlullian writes, when speaking of heretics, " they meddle with the Scriptures, and adduce arguments from them ; for in treating of faitb, they pretend that they ought not argue upon any other ground than the written documents of faith."" The same Holy Father continues, "in appealing to Scripture the natural order of things requires tliat ire should inquire to whom the Scriptures belong, from whom, and by whom, and on what occasion, .and to whom that tradition was delivered by which we become christians?" Origen said, by citing real canonical Scriptures, ""We are not to credit those who seem »to say behold the word is in thy houses, for we are not to desert our first ecclesiastical tradition, nor to believe Otherwise than as the Churches of God have in their perpetual succession delivered to us." Hark, my Lord, to the words of St. Basil, " There are many doctrines preserved in the Church derived partly from the written documents and partly from tradition, which have equally the same force in religion, and which no., one contradicts who has the least knowledge of christian laws." . St. Epiphanius -declared, " We must make use of traditioih for all things are not to be found in Scriptures! I" St. Chrysostom -in the fifth century, when speaking upon the same subject, said, " Hence it is plain that the Apostles did not deliver to us everything by their epistles, but many things without writing these are equally worthy of belief. Hence let us regard the tradition of thfe Church as the subject of our belief, such and such a thing is a tradition, seek no further 11!" My Lord," go thou and do likewise,"—I am, My Lord, your most obedient servant, PoSETITE. [We have to request of. this correspondent to be so-good as to favor us with his. communications earlier in the week, for it has put us to much inconvenience to insert the preceding in our present number. . Added to which, his style of writing, so many "breaks," occupy morfe space-than can be conveniently spared by a weekly newspaper.— Ed.] 