THE PREMIER AT LICHFIELD. (From the Atlas, October 7.) PERHAPS there is no part of our English political system upon which the mind can dwell with more unmixed satisfaction than the uniform good feeling and gentlemanly tone of courteous and not unfrequently friendly social intercourse that temper the acerbities of party warfare. In countries less happily constituted, the contest of parties is a real civil war, a struggle for life and death, fraught with all the determined hostility of personal exasperation. in Spain for instance, and the Spanish American republics, which stand lowest in the scale of intelligence and civilization, every change of ministry has its fusillades and vindictive reprisals, and the contest between Centrals and Fede- ralist, Carlist and Christmas, is carried on amidst atrocities worthy of cannibals. In France and the United States, private is substituted for public war, and the inter- change of courtesies between the leading men of opposite political parties, is pretty much of what may be called an Irish character, at twelve paces with hair triggers. In unhappy li eland wejustly'reckón-itone of the most formidable symptoms of the diseased state of society, that the dis- J tensions between Catholic and Protestant, I Orange and Liberal, not merely show themselves at elections and on public oc- 1 casions, but extend to, and embitter, all the relations of private life. In every city, in every county, in every village, the two parties scowl on one another in the streets, and relations of friendship, or even acquaintance, rarely bring them together or soften down the bitter animosities and prejudices that each foster in its angry seclusion. Sir Walter Scott, when he visited Ireland in the concluding years of his life, was so forcibly struck with this, that he describes the Orangeman of the North as stalking amidst the Catholic population with the fierce and haughty air of a descendant of Cortez nor Pizarro among the Indians of the New World. How different is the state of things in England ; how little is the ordinary current of society affected by the variance of political opinion and how frequently are the exhibitions of good feeling and good fellowship even between the most prominent actors in the great game of party. These reflections have been forcibly impressed on us by an account of an agricultural dinner at Lichfield last week, at which Sir Robert- Peel attended, and, as vice-president of the society, returned thanks upon his health being proposed by the president, Lord Hatherton, one of the leaders of the Whig party, and probable member of any future Whig cabinet. The tone of the speeches was throughout of the most friendly description, especially on Sir Robert Peel's part, who referred to the former Whig leader of the House of Commons, with whom he had broken so many a lance, Earl Spencer, in terms not merely of esteem but of affection. \- We must confess that Sir Robert Peel never appears to us to so much advantage as in his capacity of a private country gentleman. In the House of Commons his urbanity is apt to degenerate into plausibility his caution into weakness, and his moderation into insincerity. As a states- man it is impossible not to be struck by the absence of deep abiding conviction, and of the frank careless magnanimity that characterises a commanding mind. He thinks too much of himself and his position, and views everything too exclu | sively through a parliamentary and party medium. His ruling motive in everything he does and says is too evidently the fear of committing himself and his party. His line of conduct is generally the resultant of influences acting on him from without, and not of principle guiding from within. In no single act of his public life, in his early opposition to Catholic emancipation, in his adherence to the ultra Tories against Canning, in his sudden wheel right-about face on the emancipation question, in his opposition to the literal measures of the Whigs, in his subsequent hesitating adop- tion of their principles, can we give him credit for having been actuated by any very sincere and settled conviction. He is not exactly an unprincipled statesman, and yet nobody, and least of all his own party, can say exactly what his principles are. He inspires a certain degree of re- spect and esteem, and yet no confidence. What is remarkable, he is at bottom better liked and more thought of by his opponents than by his supporters. He is connected with the party with whom he has acted constantly for the last five-and-twenty years, by no more endearing or ennobling tie than this-that they each feel they cannot do without the other. But, on the other hand, if Sir Robert Peel cuts but an indifferent figure as a prime minister, we cannot but admit that e appears to us to be in many respects the model of an estimable and useful country gentleman. He is a good neighbour, a good landlord, a man of liberal taste and ideas, a patron of the fine arts, a promoter of useful institutions. In a very prominent situation he sets an excellent example, and spends a colossal fortune with sensible and judicious liberality. At all local meetings, whether of Tamworth citizens founding a mechanics' institute, or of Staffordshire country gentlemen celebrating the meeting of an I agricultural association, his active and [ enlightened mind and unruffled urbanity of manner make him a welcome and valuable assistant. We may add, also, that his feeling towards his dependants and the poorer classes, appears, as far as we can judge from the tone of his speeches on such occasions, to be uniformly considerate and humane. For instance, at the recent Lichfield meeting he strongly advocated the system of giving the labouring man a little allotment of land contiguous to his cottage, and spoke of the benefits that, to his own knowledge, had resulted from it. It gives us sincere pleasure to have this opportunity of paying a just tribute to the private character of one to whom on public grounds we are frequently opposed. We think many of the Conservative squires who rail at Sir Robert Peel behind his back, would do well to follow his example. If every member of the aristocracy made as good a use of his wealth, set as good an example, and had a mind as free from illiberal prejudice as the lord of Drayton Manor, the institutions of the country might we believe, be very safely left to shift for themselves even with a ministry more irre- solute and inactive, if that be possible, than the one which at present holds the reins of I power. _____^___ , LONDON BAZAAR-The Soho bazaar stands at the head of its class. It was founded many years ago by a gentleman of some notoriety, and has been uniformly a well managed concern. It occupies several houses on the north-west corner of Soho-square, and consists of stalls or open counters ranged on both sides of aisles or passages, on two separate floors of the building. These stalls are rented by females, who pay, we believe, something between two and three shillings per day for each. The articles sold at these stalls are almost exclusively pertaining to the dress and personal decoration of ladies and children, such as millinery, lace, gloves, jewellery, &c.; and in the height of " the season," the long array of carriages drawn up near the building testifies to the extent of the visits paid by the high-born and wealthy to this place. Some of the rules of the establishment are very stringent. A plain and modest style of dress, on the part of the young females who serve at the stalls, is invariably insisted on, a matron being at hand to superintend the whole a every stall must have its wares displayed by a particular hour in the morning, under penalty of a fine from the renter ; the rent is paid day by day, and if the renter he ill she has to pay for the services of a substitute, the substitute being such a one as is approved by the principals of the establishment. Nothing can be plainer or more simple than the exterior of this bazaar, but it has all the features of a well-ordered institution. The Pantheon bazaar is a place of more show and pretensions. It was originally a theatre, one of the most fashionable in London, but having met with the discomfiture which have befallen so many of our theatres, it remained in tenanted for many years, and was at length entirely remodelled and converted into a" bazaar. When we have passed through the entrance porch in Oxford street, we find ourselves in a vestibule, containing a few sculptures, and from thence a flight of steps lead up to a range of rooms occupied as a picture gallery. These pictures, which are, in most cases, i of rather moderate merit, are placed here for sale, the proprietors of the bazaar receiving a commission or per-centage on any picture which may find a purchaser. From these rooms an entrance is obtained to the gallery or upper floor of the toy bazaar, one of the most tasteful places of the kind in London. We look down upon the ground story, from this open gallery, and find it arranged with counters in a very systematic order, loaded with un- countable trinkets. On one counter are articles of millinery on another, lace on a third, gloves and hosiery on others, cutlery, jewellery, toys, children's dresses, children's books, sheets of music, albums and pocket-books, porcelain ornaments, cut glass ornaments, alabaster figures, artificial flowers, feathers, and a host of other things, principally of a light and ornamental character. Each counter is attended by a young female, as at the Soho bazaar. On one side of the toy-bazaar is an aviary, supplied with birds for sale in cages and adjacent to it is a conservatory, where plants are displayed in neat array. The Pantechnicon is a bazaar for the sale of large com- modities. It is situated in the immediate vicinity of Belgrave-square, and occupies two masses of building on the opposite sides of a narrow street. Carriages constitute one of the principal classes of articles sold at this bazaar : they are ranged in a very long building, and comprise all the useful varieties, from the dress carriage to the light gig, each carriage having its selling price marked on a ticket attached to it. Another department is for the sale of furniture, and consists of several long rooms or galleries, filled with pianofortes, tables, chairs, sideboards, chests of drawers, bedsteads, carpets, and all the varied range of household furniture, each article, as in the former case being ticketed with its selling price. There is a " wine department" also, consisting of a range of dry vaults for the reception and display of wines. The bazaar contains likewise a "toy department;" but this is not so extensive as those noticed in the preceding paragraphs. The Baker-street bazaar bears some resemblance to the Pantechnicon, inasmuch as as it contains a large array of carriages for sale. But it has somewhat fallen off from its original character for it was opened as a " horse bazaar," for the sale, among other things, of horses. Horses are, we believe, no longer exposed here for sale and the chief commodities displayed are carriages, harness, horse- | furniture and accoutrements, furniture, stoves, and " furnishing ironmongery." The "waxworks" and the " artificial ice are exhibitions no way connected with the bazaar, other than occupying a portion of the too extensive premises. Knight's London. A VETERAN ROGUE. Vidocq has published a Memoire a Consulter, or a case for counsel, with the opinion of the advocates upon the question of the legality of his being ordered away from Paris, and placed under the surveillance of the police, in consequence of his having been condemned in the year 5 of the revolution (1796-97), which, by a subsequent law, involves the penalty of surveillance. The opinion declares. That, without trampling under foot the principle of non retroaction, the penalty of surveillance cannot be applied to Vidocq, condemned in the year 5, such penalty not having been created until the year 12. 2. That the letters of grace granted to Vidocq, on the 1st of April, 1858, had the effect of releasing him from such surveillance, had it been applicable to him 3. That the counsel advise Vidocq to apply to the Minister of the Interior, for a revocation of the order of the police and if he does not obtain this, to suffer himself to be brought before the Tribunal of Correctional Police, where his cause, according to their conviction, cannot fail to be triumphant Vidocq, in a preface, exposes the grounds of his condemnation in the year d and its consequences, in the following terms :-" I entered the army at the age of 14. Being an officier instructed (drill sergeant) at the age of 18, I and for being engaged in A slight disturbance, sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Confined in the Tower of St. Pierre, at Lille, some fellow prisoners borrowed my room, under pretence of writing a petition ; but, abusing my good nature, they there manufactured an order for the discharge of a man named Boiselle, the father of a numerous family of young children, who was condemned to close confinement for stealing a small quantity of wheat from an open field, to make bread for them during the great famine in the year 1793. Upon the discovery of this, I was instantly tried as an accomplice in the forgery. Alarmed, I escaped. Retaken, I again escaped several times, with an audacity which gave me the reputation of being a dangerous character, and prejudiced my judges against me. I was brought to trial, and in spite of my innocence, which I now again protest, sentenced on the 5th Nivose, an 5 (December, 26th, 1792), by the Criminal Tribunal du Nord, to be imprisoned eight years in irons. This judgment did not include surveillance, and the law which had been applied to me did not establish this penalty in any prior case. During the period of this penalty I made several escapes ; but being retaken in 1809, was conducted to the Bicetre. It was while in this prison that, I rendered important services to the police, which produced my being set at liberty on the twenty-first March, 1871. From this day I was attached to the police in the quality of ' secret agent.' My successful services led to a rapid advancement, and I was soon placed at the head of the Brigade de Sweets, which I myself created. From this period, also, my domicile was legally fixed at Paris, which city I have never quitted for thirty-two years. In 1918, I petitioned for and obtained a re- mission of the remainder of the penalty laid upon me." Vidocq, who is now seventy years of age, concludes his recital i by stating that he has commenced mean I sures for obtaining his rehabilitation, which hitherto he had not thought necessary. WANT OF FAITH The defect of our times is a want of faith. We live in an age of reality ; present, palpable reality. Everything is to be paid for upon demand; everything is to be accounted for and answered by return of post. The golden currency of enthusiasm has been called in. There is no reverence for any features of truth behind the veil. Our temper resembles that of the Pundit who enquired of Henry Martyn whether, by embracing the Christian religion, he should behold the deity in a visible shape. This eagerness to perceive every object without delay and impediment is a characteristic of minds which have not been accustomed to gaze at the luminary of truth, and might he rebuked by a Hebrew legend which we have read. " You teach," said the Emperor Trajan to a famous Rabbi, " that your God is every where. and boast that he resides among your nation. I should like to see him." " God's presence is indeed, everywhere," the Rabbi replied; " but he cannot be seen, for no mortal eye can look upon his splendour." The emperor had the obstinacy of power, and persisted in his demand. " Well," answered the Rabbi, suppose that we begin by endeavouring to gaze at one of his ambassadors." Trajan assented: and the Rabbi, leading him into the open air, for it was the noon of the day, bade him raise his eyes to the sun, then shining down upon the world in its meridian glory. The emperor made. the attempt, but relinquished it. '. I cannot," he said, I " the light dazzles me." If, then," rejoined the triumphing Rabbi, " thou art unable to endure the light of one of his | creatures, how canst thou expect to behold | the unclouded glory of the Creator ?" It is a beautiful and touching parable, and teaches humility, not only in religion, but in literature and in life. Fraser's Magazine. WHIGS AND CONSERVATIVES. We have reason to believe that the Whigs are i at this moment labouring under a melancholy delusion. They persuade themselves, or try to persuade others, that the Conservative party are falling to pieces that there is strife in the cabinet, dissatis- j faction among Tory members, and a grow- ing sense of disappointment and indigna- tion throughout the constituencies, particularly among the agricultural districts. The Whigs accordingly begin to look up, and to talk as if their return to office at no very distant date were certain. We beg leave, with great deference, to assure them that a more baseless dream never passed through the brains of fallen states- men. Whatever fate may overtake the Tories, living man will never see a purely Whig Government in office again. It is just within the verge of possibility, that a thorough-going movement faction may get possession of Downing-street ; but a trimming, truckling, time-serving, yet tyrannical clique, such as the Whigs were in 1831, will not be trusted with power any more-no, not even to the tenth generation. Our best advice to the members of the late Cabinet, therefore, is that they would make up their minds to spend the remainder of their days in dignified retirement ; or, if they prefer continuing in public life, that they cease to cast towards the Treasury benches so many anxious looks ; inasmuch as there is no more room for them there than there was for Macbeth at his own supper, when the ghost of Banquo, with such exceeding lack of good manners, plumped himself down into the usurpers chair, the said usurper being at that very moment eloquent in the intruder's praises. The Whigs, as a body, have no chance whatever of returning to office. Nobody trusts them, nobody cares for them, except the hungry individuals for whom they are accustomed to provide and here and there, perhaps, a Reformed Corporation. Ireland has cast them off. Mr. O'Connell and the Popish Hierarchy denounce them systematically, and on Scotland they have lost their hold. But though such be undoubtedly the case, is it equally true that in chuckling over certain supposed differences in the Conservative camp, the Whigs are in error? We answer that they are in error. There are no differences in the Conservative camp; none, at least, that deserves the name; no jealousies and heart- burnings, such as lead unprincipled or headstrong men to sacrifice the party with which they profess to act to their own caprices. The Conservative members in the House of Commons are almost all gentlemen, men of education and standing in the country, who think for themselves, as men ought to do, and feel that a certain degree of deference is due from them to their leaders, however gifted and eloquent the latter may be. But the Conservative members of the House of Commons love the constitution and the monarchy too well ever to permit J a sense of personal mortification to interfere with the discharge of a public duty. They maycomplainoccasionally that there is too much reserve practised towards them. They may lament that particular measures should he proposed by their friends which seem to convict all connected with them of inconsistencies. But so long as they remain satisfied that the great institutions of the country are not threatened, so long as they believe that it is the object of the proposers of such measures to maintain these institutions in their integrity, they are both able and willing to put a restraint upon themselves, and to yield up their own judgments with a good grace when- ever sober conviction assures them that concession is necessary. The Whigs, therefore, deceive themselves if they suppose that there is the faintest symptom of a breaking up in the Conservative party. Upon points comparatively unimportant, one Conservative may differ from another ; but the moment you touch or even threaten a great principle, they will be seen to hold together as one man, Fraser's Magazine, 