TO THE EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY RECORD. " Who artthou that judgest another man's servant P to his own master he standoth br falleth." "Let every nian be fully persuaded in his own mind. 1 Rom. Xiv. 4, 5. Sin.: — 1 find myself most unexpectedly involved in a controversy, in which, had I foreseen it, no con sideration could have tempted me to engage. The eight letters on the subject of the Anglican Church, which have already appeared in your columns, were written with the view of reminding the less informed members of our Church of the claims which she lias on their affections, and to apprise them of the struggles in which she is engaged at home. It would not have surprised me had an opponent risen up from the ranks of Popery or Infidelity, or had som6 political Dissenter been roused to wrath by the Ani madversions I felt it necessary to make on the pro ccedings of his party in England ; but instead of this my opponents are of my brethren ; they who have been nursed in the lap of the same mother, who have knelt at the same table, and there eaten of that bread, and drunk of that cup, have been the first to cavil at my humble endeavours in a good cause ; to hold me up, it not as enemy, at least as a very ques tionable friend ; and to compel me to vindicate myself from charges which I should shudder really to incur. Even were I disposed to admit that I had advanced propositions which were not sanctioned by Scripture, and had thereby given offence to any brother, suffer me to ask, if a controversy of this kind, wherein " brother goeth to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers," is at all calculated either to cause me to renounce the errors "imputed to me or to remove the offence of which I seem to have been guilty. Would it not have been better if " A Plain Man" in the first instance, and the clerical an- notator in the second, had acted on the advice of oiur blessed Saviour, " If thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee . and him alone ; if he shall hear' thee, thou hast gained thy brother.'' A private letter to me, addressed under cover to yourself would have been a wiser expedient, and more in accordance with the precepts of our Divine Master. When this had failed, it would have been time enough to" tell it unto the Church," and to accuse me of departing from her principles, and of violating the courtesies of society. But I do not admit one of the charges brought against me. I deny that I have brought forward any statement at variance with the principles of onr Church, or departed in any instance from the Yules and legitimate usages of public controversy. I most certainly believe that the Apostles did not settle the Episcopal form of government in every church Which they founded. In the Corinthian Church it is per fectly clear that no such government was recognized, nor does St. Paul, when reproving them for their disorders, authoritatively enjoin Episcopacy. On the contrary, he writes to them " ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be com forted." In fact, as I have already stated, it does not appear that the Episcopal government was per manently settled by the Apostles themselves in any of the primitive Churches, with the exception of those of Ephesus and Crete, At the same time, I am very far indeed from asserting or believing Episcopacy to be " a mere matter of church government," that is, a matter of indifference — for such is the plain mean ing of my words. The Apostles were not moved by the Holy Ghost to put 'a yoke upon the necks of the disciples, nor to force upon them a form of ecclesias tical polity which was opposed to the ideas of govern ment they had hitherto entertained ; their mission was to " teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,'' to "turn men from dumb idols to serve the living God.". The government of the visible church was a Christocracy, for, " Lo," saiih the Saviour, " I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." This, I candidly avow, appears to me the only church government , at least of a Catholic character, announced in Scripture with express and positive Divine authority. But, because I believe this, do I therefore deny the excellence of the Epis copal government? Can I shut my eyes to the powerful recommendations of St. Paul, or the in ferences to be drawn from the fact of his having personally established that form into two, at least, of the churches which he founded ? Nay , verily ; Epis copacy is not an indifferent matter. On the contrary, whatever inference can be deduced from Scripture is, as I have all along contended, in its favour. But, for my own part, I have always most successfully advo cated the doctrine of Episcopacy, by conceding that it was a subject on which the Scriptures had not given any universal and authoritative decision. I have always preferred the ground of expediency, and have seldom failed in convincing a disputant, that in ecclesiastical affairs as well as in temporal, it is better to have one chief magistrate, than to have the power divided among the whole body. Such I conceive to be the tenor of the Apostle's reasoning to the Corin thian Church, when he saitlv, " God hath set some in the Church, first apostles, secondarily prophets (or preachers,) thirdly teachers." Here we have a recognition by the Apostle of three orders similar to those which constitute the Anglican clergy, viz.: bishops, priests, and deacons— and, to impress upon their minds advantages of order and due govern ment, he asks these pertinent questions, " Are all Apoistles P Are all prophets ? Are all teachers ?" On the other hand, to shew that these offices, though of divine appointment, Were not essential to the exist ence of a Church, or to the saving of a soul, he adds, " and yet I shew unto you a more excellent way and then proceeds to that sublime dissertation on Christian love, which bas been, and must continue to be, the theme of admiration throughout the Church Catholic from the day it was first read before ihe Church of Corinth, until we behold Him face to face," who shall supply the defects of our present partial knowledge, by enabling us to "know even as We are known." "Now," saith the Apostle of us Gentiles, " we see through a glass, in an enigma" — an enigma which cannot nou> be solved but we look not," he saith in another place, " at the things which are seen" — the external ordinances, the earthly government of the visible Church — " but at the things which are not seen, for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal !" It is when the shadows of this mortal life shall have finally closed — when the sun of Time shall have set in the ocean of Eternity, and that better Sun shall have arisen, to hail whose beams all nations shall gather from the utmost isles of the earth— it is then that the false medium through which we have been accustomed to view spiritual tilings will be dissipated ; it is then that the vail shall be taken away which conceals the brighter radiance of Him that sitteth on the throne — then Faith and Hope, the blest compeers of Love," shall expire in the full fruition of the saints — but Love, the only eternal grace, shall be the ani mating principle of the reigning Church, and shall sing Hosannas over the dark abyss of nothingness wherein things temporal are engulphed, when that "building of God, not made with hands, eternal in the Heavens," shall be opened for the manifestation of everlasting glory. The principles which I have now advanced are not at variance with those of the Anglican Church. The Canons and Liturgy of that Church were framed by : the archbishops and bishops of both provinces, and ratified by the consent of the Crown, but do not extend to other Christian Churches. I stated before, and now repeat, that '" the Church of Scotland is a genuine branch of the one Catholic and Apostolic Church, and her ministers are duly ordained minis ters of the Church of Christ." They are so con sidered by the law. of the land; the same authority which recognizes the validity of Anglican ordination, also recognizes that of the Scottish clergy. In fact, the only difference is, :that in England Episcopacy is a permanent office, of which an Individual once ap pointed thereto cannot be deprived ( except for heresy or flagrant immorality whereas in Scotland, each Presbytery elects a Moderator (or Bishop) every six months, and the General Assembly of the Church elects a Moderator (or Archbishop) every year. Ordi nation is effected in Scotland, as in England, " by the laying on of the hands of the Presbytery," that is, of the Moderator, or temporary Bishop, assisted by all the previously ordained presbyters who may be then and there assembled. I admit, however, that the remark of the clerical annotator in your last is perfectly true, and that Scottish ordination does not qualify for ministration of the Word and Sacraments in England ; but this can never prove that in Scot land such ordination is not perfectly-sufficient, though, for the sake of order, it is wisely required that those who leave the northern Church should, previously to their being recognized as ministers of the southern Church, conform in all things to the discipline so happily established in the latter. Your clerical friend observes, that my last letter " is in no respect an answer to that of " A Plain Man." I confess I did not give categorical re plies to the catechism which your correspondent pro pounded, nor do I think that he required such replies. They are, however, very easily given. The inquiries are all resolvable into this one — " Who are, and who are not, ministers, of Christ?" Our Lord and his Apostles have given many answers to this question. — " By their fruits ye shall know them." The beloyed disciple on one occasion " answered and said, ' Mas ter, we saw one casting out devils in thy name ; and we forbade him, because he followeth not with us.' And Jesus said unto him, ' Forbid him not ; for he that is not against us is for us.'" Hear also what St. Paul saith — "Though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him accursed." (anathuna.) St. John also saith — " Try the spirits whether they are of God" — " Hereby know ye the spirit of God : Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God, &c.;" I have no doubt that your correspondent was well acquainted with these and other tests supplied by the Holy Scrip, ture for our aid in distinguishing true from false prophets, and for that reason 1 did not think it neces sary to occupy your columns with the quotations I am now called on to give. But a refusal to. occupy the position of a catechumen is not my only offence — I am accused of a departure from Christian and gen tlemanly " propriety of style." The meaning of this charge I am really at a loss to discover. When at school, I had advanced no further than the 6th pro position of Euclid, before I learned that a reductio ad absurdum was not only a legitimate, but a perfectly conelusive mode of reasoning ; and assuredly, I never heard Euclid stigmatized as an "abusive" writer. This was the argument I used in the latter part of my letter, in which I endeavoured to shew, that the notions of " A Plain Man" led to absurd conclusions, from which he, as well as myself, would shrink in abhorrence. But I never meant to insinuate that " A Plain Man" resembled Hainan in his own character. I could not possibly mean this, for I know not what his " character" may be. I did not allude to him personally, but to his arguments, the drift of which warranted me iu saying, that I feared he looked on other Churches, as Haman did on the unbending Mordecai : and I was justified in enter taining that fear by the following passage of his letter, which is evidently the offspring of ecclesiastical jealousy, being- totally without support from History. " The sanction of government was withheld from Presbyterians, until regicide , rebellion, anjj a trea sonable league mid covenant were at last successful." The regicide and rebellion, if your correspondent will refresh his memory, were English rather than fc-cot- tish crimes — at least they were not /lecw/mr/y Scottish ; and as to the "Solemn League and Covenant,1.' it could scarcely be called treasonable, when Charles II. voluntarily swore to maintain it — an oath which he afterwards broke, and drove the indignant Scottish people to arms, which they did not lay down until this " treasonable" document became part and parcel of the laws of the Realm, even as the Canons and Constitutions of the Anglican Church. I have forborne to notice what your clerical friend says of my reference to John Bunyan, because, on looking at what 1 said a second time, lie could not fail to perceive that I did not adduce this eminent man's preaching in the fields as an argument against Episcopacy, or the regular ministrations of the Church, but rather as an illustration of the power of the grace of God, as being independent of external ordinances. As this is admitted in the annotation , it is unnecessary to pursue the subject- Having said this much in my own vindication, I lay aside my pen, nor shall I be tempted to resume it in opposition to either a clerical or lay member of the Church of England. Should 1 be enabled to pursue my original plan, which pressing avocations will render somewhat difficult, I earnestly beg my brethren of the Church of England to refrain from exciting controversy which can produce no good effect. The points on which we differ will never be settled in the columns of a newspaper ; and if, therefore, I should adopt a phrase, or even a line of argument, not ex actly in accordance with their opinions, let me beg them to seek explanation in the manner I have already suggested, and not interrupt me in the design 1 wish to prosecute, of conveying to the unlearned members of our communion, who may read your useful journal, such information concerning the Church at home, as it is desirable for every one to possess. I have the honor to be, Sir, faithfully yours, LA1CUS ANGLICAN US. Sydney, January 17, 1844. 