DEATH ANDBURIAL OF POOR COCK ROBIN; The following new version of this popnlar Nursery Ballad was picked up in the hall of the Four Courts on Wednesday, after Mr. Attorney-General's signal defeat in the Court of Queen's Bench : — Who killed poor Indictment ? " "l'was 1," said Sir Colman, " Through th' Indictment a hole ran, I killed the Indictment. Who saw it fall P " 1 did," said Moore, "It came bang on th eflure, , 1 saw it fall." Who saw it die p Said Pierce Mahonny With a groan, " It was I Who saw it die." Who'll lay it out? . Said O'Hagan " I'm sure He'll look well on a doore, So Til lay it out." Who'll bear its remains f . " 'Tis I," said John Hatched, " They'll just fit in my satchell, So I'll bear its remains." Who'll carry the pall ? 'I will," said Fitzgibbon. " My silk gown and wig on, I'll carry ihe pall. Who'll dig the grave P "I," exclaimed Whiteside, " Now I'm on the right side, I'll dig the grave." Who'll be chief mourner P "/will," said O'Hea, " On this sorrowful day, I'll be chief mourner." Who'll cry the dirge ? " I'm the fittest," cried Howl- ey, " to keen the poor sowl, So I'll cry the dirge." Who'll act as parson p. M'Donogh says he The parson must be ; He'll act as parson. And who'll be the clerk ? " That will I," said Napier, With his hand to his ear, " I'll be the clerk." Who'll ring the knell P Martley cried, with moist orbs, " I'm a friend of the corpse, So I'll ring the knell." Who'll lay its ghost P " 'Faith," said Jonathan Flenn, " If it rises again, I'll lay it's ghost." Who'll write its epitaph ? " 'Tis 1,' | said Great Dan, " ' Here lies a vain plan ;' Let that he the epitaph." Who succeeds to the briefs P . 'Tis.-'I, Sir, ".said. Brewesler, Rising up in a foosther, J succeed tp the briefs.'' But who'll take the place P Said Solicitor Green, With most complaisant mein, " May not I take tlie place P" Deciphering Power of Printers — You tax me with my illegible writing ; but I fear that I cannot amend it, for I must not stay to shape my letters, and I have, I believe, got a bad habit from the facility with which the printers here make it out. I verily believe that if I shut my eyes, or fling the pen at the paper, so as to make any kind of mark, the printers would know what I intended to say. They always send me back my manuscript with printed proofs for correction ; and I actually have repeatedly been unable to make out what I had written until I had referred to the same articles in print -Gerald Griffin. Women in China —In China, polygamy prevails virtually if not by name ; and the sove reign. self-imprisoned in his golden-roofed palace, with his one empress, six queens, and 300 (or if he please, 3000) concubines, reflects, on the great scale, the domestic establishment of those among his subjects whose wealth may permit the irra tional indulgence of their passion or their pride. The female slave, who, at the head of a band of inferior slaves, is dignified with the name of supe rior (adequate to that of wife) , who has been pur chased with gold and may be returned, if on trial not approved, is not deemed worthy to eat at her master's table. — Lady Morgan's " Woman and ker Master." 