OATHS AND DECLARATIONS INSULTING TO CATHOLICS. [From the True Tablet.] "HOW CAME THERE TO BE PEOPLE CALLED DISSENTERS?" " PARSONS : " Amongst all the qualities for which the Church, as by law established, is distinguished from every other body of men in the world, the quality of COOL IMPUDENCE stands very conspicious; a Church Parson always argues with you, and talks with you, as if you admitted in limine, that his church is the only true Church of Christ now in the world."—Cobbett's Legacy to Parsons. To the Most Reverend and Right Reverend their Graces and Lordships, the Archbishops and Prelates of the Catholic Hierarchy, and all the illustrious Catholic Clergy, not of the Birish Islands alone, but of India and the West Indies, of Canada, Gibraltar, Australia, the Coast of Africa, and of every other part of the British Empire all over the world. Cloisters of Westminster Abbey, Dec. 21, 1842. ILLUSTRIOUS, long persecuted, and still persecuted Prelates, and other Catholic Ministers of God: I deem it to be quite right, in order that it may be in unison with the profound reverential spirit in which I, a Protestant layman, presume to offer you counsel on matters relating to spiritual concerns, in the very first place to sanctify this address by the introduction of the language of the Sacred Scriptures ; and therefore, in the words of St. Paul, in his epistle to the Romans, I say, " Grace to you, and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ. " First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world. " I long io see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established ; "That is, that I may be comforted together with you, by ths mutual faith froth of you and me." And now, ye sanctified and persecuted ministers of the living God ; persecuted, but more deeply sanctified by the persecution, I, from these antique solemn cloisters, call our deepest attention to the subject of the Petition which I last year had presented me to the House of Commons, praying for the abolition, by Act of Parliament, of the baleful and blasphemous oaths and declarations that your sacrifice of the Mass, and your Invocation of Saints are superstitious and idolatrous, and tending to the eternal damnation of your own souls and those of all other Catholics all over the world. I have selected these solemn cloisters as the place from whence to address you on this solemn subject, because, in my lonely musing, they so forcibly bring to my memory as I gaze from them on the venerable and mighty pile of the abbey, how in days of old your Church was dehpoiled through the lust of a tyrant king, and the repacity of a bandit aristocracy, his complices. I have for this reason selected the place, and I have selected as the time the approach of that most hallowed festival, when the religious sentiments of your people will be moat fervid, and consequently its sensibility to religions persecution and insult most vivid and vital. A copy of the Petition presented from me was, with some slight alteration of form, lately published in the True Tablet, the universally-admitted organ of the Catholics of the British Empire. Ye sanctified ministers of Christ, supported by the voluntary contributions of the flocks of which you are the ever-watching shepherds, in some one of my former writings I recollect that I described the compulsory payment of tithes to the Protestant Church by the CathoIics, as "a blood- incarnadined robbery, perpetrated in the name, not of the devil, but of God." The form of expression is a strong one ; but although I do not, nor cannot retract it, I do not repeat it here : but I would assuredly repeat it if I were addressing laymen and not clergymen. As an example, what value, I would ask had been given by my Church to the Catholics, who were savagely slaughtered for tithes at ensanguined Rathcormac, in the " island of sorrow," Ireland savagely slaughtered under the very eye of *****? To take forms of expression from Froissart and Shakespeare, the sons of the widow "were hilled rigid horribly" by ***** and his bloody-hunting slaughtermen." But, I repeat it fur the thousandth time, if tithes, and the insult to your graces and lordships of the Catholic Hierarchy, by the deprivation by statute of your titles, and all the other outrages and grievances and insults of which the Catholics have to complain, were at this moment put an end to, unless that abolition, which is prayed for by my Petition, be also granted, the Catholic subjects of this empire would be still only what they are ; and what are they ? Why, trampled slaves ; persecuted, buffeted spitten upon, and plundered ; and all this while they are mocked with the fantastic name of "emancipated!" Emancipated, forsooth ! because they have obtained that instalment of religious and civil liberty, the Catholic Relief Bill !!! The Jews wagged their tongues at Christ our Redeemer, and spat upon him; and after they had scourged him, and just before they compelled him to carry his own cross to Mount Calvary for his own crucifixion, they mocked him, and in a mockery hailed him as their king, because they had put a reed into his hand for a sceptre, and had encircled his head with a diadem of thorns! Are you, you ministers of Christ, and of the Father and the Holy Ghost, not mocked and spitten upon while you are nicknamed "Emancipated" Cathqlics ? Illustrious and venerated and long-persecuted Prelates, and other sacred Priests of the "Most Highest," 1, in deep humility hearing steadily in memory the sanctification of the august body which I have the honor of addressing, but, at the same time, with more than earnestness, with solemn fervour, I adjure yon that you will deign to give me your hallowed co-operation. I intend to prepare another Petition at the commencement of the next session of' Parliament, and my mighty leader, O'Connell, the moral regenerator, the¿organizer of peaceful victory, has promised me that he will present it for me to the House of Commons. It, will be presented by him whose sublime principle of moral warfare is, that " the man who commits a crime, gives strength to the enemy." Now, illustrious ministers of God, the co-operation which, on your part, 1 reverentially solicit is this:—That in every parish and in every district of the British Empire, all over the world, where there is a Catholic clergyman, a subject of her benign Majesty Queen Victoria and that in every country of the world where there are Catholics British subjects resident, Petitions should be prepared and forwarded for presentation to Parliament for the abolition of that iniquitous insult against which I have petitioned—petitioned in my mere individual character as a Protestant Friend to Religious Liberty, but keeping the subject in utter disseveration from any kind of political agitation whatever in any political society. Multitudinous numbers of Catholics and liberal Protestants will, I hope, readily cooperate with me in any effort to remove this vile brand of religious slavery and degradation, who would decline altogether to act with me, if I originated the matter in any political assembly of which I may happen to be a member. Venerated and persecuted brothers in Christ, in one of the Itallian novelle, written by Nicholo Macchiovelli, entitled "Belfagor," we are told that the monarch of hell, having ascertained that there were some imputations on the character and spirit of his government, convoked his council, and in a speech from the throne, atter alluding to the unfavorable reports which were in circulation, for example, that the functionaries of hell were cruel and no great lovers of justice (crudelie poco amatori di giustizia), he expresses his anxiety, that as had, ever been the case in times past, so in the future hell might continue to be governed without any reproach on the spirit and conduct of its executive (senza infamia) "Cool impudence," as said by Cobbett, "stands very conspicuous amongst the qualities for which the Church, as by law established, is distinguished from every other body of men in the world;" and, indubitably, there is not more of calm quiet effrontery in the gravity of the expression of solicitude for the good reputation of the government alluded to in the story, than there is in this, that the Protestant " Church as by law established," should sanction those lying and atrocious and impudent oaths and declarations, in the teeth of their metaphysical absurdity and ethical iniquity, while at the very same time, in plundering the Catholics, it sanctions such deeds of appalling and heart-freezing horror as the ghastly tithe-murders to which I have alluded, and perpetrated, as I have said, under the very eye of * * * * * under circumstances which in the existing state of the law of libel, in commonplace prudence I forbear to describe. In the Douay Bible we read that " hell opened her mouth and expanded her soul" —and she was then precisely in a state, her "soul" being " expanded," to talk of the Tithe System in Ireland ! To conclude. I was residing in Rome in the year 1815, when Pope Pius VII., after his restoration, had in Passion-week, on the day of the Function of the Miserere, in the Vatican, to fly to Bologna, lest he should be a second time made a prisoner. Napoleon had escaped from Elba, and the army of Murat, to which his Holiness had refused permission to pass through Rome, was on its march from Naples to the north of Italy. On the day of his flight I was in the Capella Sistina, where he was expected, and which was crowded with visitors to Rome from every part of Europe. The Cardinals were seated in their places and I listened to the wondrous Miserere, and gazed upon that sublime picture of Michael Angelo, "The Universal Judgement" and upon those other marvellous creations of his genius, the frescoes on the ceiling of the Sistina. In about three months after, it was my destiny, on my return to Ireland, after passing theough Switzerland and Germany, to roam among the wounded, the dying, and the dead, upon the gore-drenched, carnage-loaded Field of Waterloo, from which Napoleon, who had held his Holiness in captivity Avignon, was himself compelled to fly, and, by a second stupendous vicissitude in the affairs of human nature, to terminate his awful existence as a prisoner upon solitary St. Helena, a volcanic rock, amidst the wild billows of the ocean. I revert to Pius VII. v Ad ipsum Sanctissimum, her Prince and her Pontiff; Rome his own capital; the eternal city, the holy city, was not at the time I speak of even a place of refuge. Ye sanctioned ministers of Him that liveth for ever and ever, of the Holy of Holies. I ask you whether any part of the British Empire, or even of the world, can be deemed to be a place of moral refuge to any Catholic British subject as long (leaving everything else out the question) as he is, by the unhallowed ordinances« of the existing law of England, publicly branded, by solemnly-taken oaths and declarations, as idolatrous and superstitious, and in the way of eternal damnation in hell fife, for his faith in that mystery which his own soul holds most sanctified, most sacro-sanctified in religion ! Oh ! what transcendent perfection of " cool impudence"—that persons themselves professing, " by the mutual faith both of you and me," a firm belief in the incomprehensible Mysteries the Trinity, and of the Incarnation, should brand you as idolaters for your faith in another incomprehensible mystery ! I have the honor to remain, with profound reverence, your ever devoted servant, THOMAS STEELE, O'Connel's Head Pacificator in Ireland. 