SELECT POETRY. LAMENT FOR A LOST HOME. 'Tis a little cot, with its garden green, Keeps in my memory wearily ; With its twin flower-beds, and the walk between, Too narrow for two save they went as we Love-like, with twining arms, to pass Up and down 'twixt the borders of the grass. And the trellised door, and the simple seat, Where the two geranium plants were plac'd, Which look'd so fresh and smell'd so sweet Tempting the bee, though pressing his haste, To come and drink of the honey they bore In cups oft fill'd from their full hearts' core. And the little gate, and the ponderous bell Swinging the wall and tree between. Whose sound was seldom acceptable Save when there was only one in the scene : — The he cr she of that simple show That's lock'd in my brain — never to go! Lock'd in my brain's most vital part,— It is the acne that drags me down, With many a painful spasm and smart, To the place where the countless dead are strewn :— 'Tis this that makes mine eyes to weep— 'Tis this referee them their sleep ! Every plant in that garden throve, Though oft uprooted to set anew ; Not one, though untimely its remove, Had heart to die as most plants do : We bathed them daily — never in rain— For the veriest stump 'gan leafing again. There were two accacia trees— Very beautiful they were As they shook their light locks in the breeze, Like a maiden's glittering hair. During summer the birds made vows All in the shade of their delicate boughs. The summer days seem'd never too long, The winter ones never too shorty ; Our wants were sore, but our hearts were strong, And that little home was a fort Against despondency and dread, And the ills that distract the heart and head. But we and the world were not good friends, We lacked that bustling quality Of turning to our private ends The "high-ones" of society :— We could not learn to compromise 'Twixt our pride and our necessities. And so, although we tried to stay The many ills that daily grew, We natheless soon were bann'd away From that dear home. To see us two Tearing ourselves from the place apart, Would have touched, I think, the stoniest heart ! First, there was each chamber to leave, Each with its separate memory Of happy night, or morn, or eve, Spent in affectionate gaiety ; And then the green grass, and the flowers So eloquent of the vanished hours. Badly I bear my loss ! Alas ! It is, in truth, a fatal thing ! It sickens the life in me : — It has Corrupted my flesh in its early spring : 'T has made a woman of me, quite, And left me weak for the wordly fight. I'll tell you tine, I'm but twenty-five : (There is an age whereat to die !) And nothing of me is well alive But the brain, which eats vitality ; Mine eyes in their pallid lids do burn Like lamps that illume a dead man's urn. We have had terrible things to bear : None but ourselves do know the truth ! Oh ! could you but see us, you would swear You saw twin ghosts of love and youth ; So ghastly pale and thinn'd to the bones— The white skin covering skeletons ! "Things at the worst oft mend," they say ; I'll credit the proverb and hurry hence ; Temptation walks in the broad highway, Luring both honour and innocence. Home, home, while the brain can yet withstand The strife of the heart and the twitch of the hand. — The Illuminated Magazine. 