TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON \- EXAMINER. ' " S 'DUC AT I O N.... Snm,}-If it be.necessary for Mr. Davies to know iiiy name, yon are at liberty to communicate it to him: and if my last letter shoUldprove' the' means of, "provoking " the: members., of the church of England to a spirit offair. and hdndurable i" emli lation;" so.that both the clergy and the godfathers and godmothers will. be- stirred up to do their' duty- towards the children belonging to their church, instead of trying to sponge upuon the peckets of the public, I should be happy. Mr. D, admits the woeful stateof morals among the members of his churchiwhich I pointed out in my last: but he says, that to correct this the clergy are " now stirring.". But. hoto are they stirring ? Are they. stiriing according to the example which the apostles have laid down for their successors? Let us see what that, example is:-Paul when at Miletus sent to Ephesus fot the elders of the church, and in the most imp pressive manner he enjoined.upon them "his .own: condnct as their pattern. " Ye know," says he, "from the first day that I came into ,Asia,: after what manner I have been with you at all seasons, and have-taught you publicly, and from house. to house. Take heed therefore unto yourselvesg and to all the hock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers: remeinber that by the space Of three years I ceased not to warn every one night.and day with tears, I. have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel: "I lhave showed you all things, how that so !abourin!g ye ought to support the weak, and, to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said ' It ,is more blessed to give than to receive.' " This is a fairspecimeun of that line-of succession, which the, apostlhs have. aarked out fbr their tfollowers. Are then the clergy ". stirring" in this line.? 'The colonial history of their movements on the edu calion question answers-No ! Arethey ." stirring" then, in-accordance with tie rubria of their own- churchl What directions dloes she give themn? She says that ft dfiathers moth?eis, mn sters; and dames shall cause their children; servants, and appreiitlces, who have not leprped their cateclism, .to come to the'~hu'ch at the time appointed, and 'obediently, to hear, '?nd be ordered by' tie urate : and that the curate of every partish shall di?igeirtl upon Sunidays, atid hol!idays, olpenly. in the church, iinitruct ;ar examine so many,children of his parish sent, unto hilis nlheslha'lluhiink convenient. Do the curates I in'Vau: Diemnli' L'a'ndd i'ppoiiit: ny time for those' children .whose:religious instruction is -neglected by their sureties.to be sent to the:church ?. and. do those cirntos diligenltly instiuct and examine such childrein on Sunldays and holidays ? The ansWeris not: but they :want the gOvervment to' hire schoolmasters ,at the ublic expense? to do this duty fdr them; whilst they are already well paid f,'oit "the jiiiblic puliise to do it themselves. I would here just n'otcee the li]beal -reten'si6ris' of. the clergry which: Mr. D. has, pubslisred. in his letter of the 3rd instant, tllat if the public schoolp wvere jliiend undtr their control,. they would not impbee thneir catec~ietical instuctions; uponi ie children::leldnging to other denonfinatioiis . Nbvw I ha~upens to have 'some .knowledge of-onepnhblic' sclldol,'which is visited by a truly pious clergy mani. Thlier're 'v'e 'four or five Roman catholic children" attending this school; btit the' pirents of these children ins'tr!taed. them not.:' to stand up When the clergyman ivished. to, catechise them alo igwiwth the other children; anid because.the children obeyed their idiie'infs;'tliis eli.r'gn? ''gn ' thescehoolmaster to exclude: tlthm.from:the school, himselfagkiieing to indlemnify the master against thelle" pcniaini lbss` wlihc ihe oiild tliereby sis tain. This is a, fact'tf~adtrean' be"'well antlhetiti' "cated, and it, show?l ho cai.efill the pnblic ough!lt: to be'not to trust their .liberties in tthe hands; of pilests: As 9Villiaii -owitt suagsa they wil prac tice the most shameless delusions,, and thle hiiest' frauds upon, l ihe popl rr mind, for.the adcquitition of power, and that power once bbtaitfed, it is the most fierce and cruel. . Mr. D..~regiets that the last Clatsh in nmy fomer letter is ndt: a refutatibn .f iny poition of lis of the 3rd" iiistidnt. My: reply is, that I invei in te'nded 'that letter to h.be a: refitation of M~r.iD.'s at all. i mer'ly wrote to set befoi·e him the doc rine t"Make thb tree good, and his fruit will be eg'dd "; and k-bewing that':this doetrine is disre gai'de'd. If Mr. D. ca -slhow that it ;is wrvng to reproach, I ami ready to 'ackiiowledi y errn oir, and ask forgiveiless. "Mr. D1' thinks that this clause is ino ww itien in .a c!hristiai tone;. but I would request that he ,belvarelest at any time lie shohild tinlrittingly imcnhristiamise CJhrist- himreIf. Christ used sve~y fieqtiehtly'to i,"iroac the sect of the' ph?arishes in the 'itolbt Sev- ee terms. "'He did to uponh one: ccasion, .ihen one iof hIi leiief phai tisees liad invited him to dinie iat iis houte; and yet upon the authority oftthe scriptures; we, under stand ,that there were .some very good meln among thieai.: I' have ieperlisetd lth?llpaingaphi tb ichl Mr.' D. refers me: and I 'i'oi(d ,now let'tl e.elergy prove their chirch to be apostolic by observing the apostolic inj unction, '.' Put away from among ybur selves 'those wicked persons,"' never mind its making t' the:clhhrit " 'appear less Cihan the least of all sects, for pide foiLmi' 'ni pairt of the christian, and thegn let thdm go f'ortl lini t not iitil " catiil' weapons,'' noi for filthy lucre's sake, and let locdil preachers go forth, and let etery good man go forth, and save these pebple.whlo 'are perishing for lack ofknowledge, Ibth ad4iltS nd children. But let them not' be zealous to akeposelytes, lest" when' they ate made they make theth twofold more tlie. children of. hell tian' thenmselves:' phis is thle apostolic plan; and depend upon it, it is the only plan that will insure the aplwobation of heaven. . QUITY. • . , , , :? . 