Varieties. A Buffalo Hunt. — We started to- gether at a hand gallop, riding steadily abreast of each other; and here the in- terest of the chase became so engrossly intense, that we were sensible of nothing else. We were now closing in rapidly, and the front of the mass was already in motion for the hills, and in a few seconds the movement had communicated itself to the whole of the herd. A crowd of bulls, as usual, brought up the rear, and and every now and then some of them faced and then dashed on after the band a short distance, and turned and looked again, as if more than half inclined to stand and fight. In a few minutes how- ever, during which we had been quick- ening our pace, the route was universal, and we were going over the ground like a hurrican. When at about thirty yards' distance we gave the usual shout, the hunters' " pas de charge" and broke into the herd. We entered at the side, the mass giving way in every direction in their heedless course. Many of the bulls, less active and less fleet than the cows, paying no attention to the ground, and occupied solely with the hunter, were precipitated to the earth with great force, rolling over and over with the shock and hardly distinguishable in the dust. We separated on entering, each singling out his game. My horse was a trained hunter, famous in the west, un- der the name of Proveau, and with his eyes flashing, and the foam flying from his mouth, he sprang after the cow like a tiger. In a few minutes he brought me alongside of her, and rising in the stir- rups, I fired at the distance of a yard, the ball entering at the termination of the long hair, and passing near the heart. She fell headlong at the report of the gun, and checking my horse, I looked around for my companions. At a little distance, Kit was on the ground, engaged in tying his horse to the horns of a cow, which he was prepareing to cut up. Among the scattered bands at some distance below, I caught a glimpse of Maxwell; and while I was looking, a light wreath of white smoke curled away from his gun, the report of which was inaudible from the distance. Near, and between me and the hills, towards which they were directing their course, was the body of the heard, and, giving my horse the rein, we dashed after them. A thick cloud of dust hung upon their rear, which filled my mouth and eyes, and nearly smo- thered me. In the midst of this I could see nothing, and the buffalos were no distinguishable until within thirty feet. They crowded together more densely still as I came upon them, and rushed along in such a compact body that I could not obtain an entrance — the horse almost leaping upon them. In a few minutes the mass divided to the right and left, the horns clattering with a noise heard above every thing else, and my horse darted into the opening. Five or six bulls charged on us as we dashed along the line, but were left far behind ; and, singling out a cow, a gave her my fire, but struck too high. She gave a tremendious leap, and scoured on swifter than before. I reigned up my horse, and the band swept on like a torrent, and left the place quiet and clear. Our chaise had led us into dangerous ground. A prairie dog villiage so thickly settled, that there were three or four holes in every twenty yards square, occupied the whole bottom for nearly two miles in length. looking around I saw one of the hunters nearly out of sight, and the long dark line of our caravan crawling along three or four miles distant. PENNSYLVANIAN LAW. — It is a curious fact, and not generally known, that by the laws of Pennsylvania a man may be sold into servitude who refuses to main- his wife and children ; and it is stated that recently a man was sold in Venango county, by order of the court, for an in- definite period, who bad refused to main- tain his wife and family, they receiving the wages of his labour, for their support. Truly " domestic slavery" must be pre- ferable to such bondage as this. There is a species of wit, unfortunately too common, which consists in a conti- nual sneer at the defects or mistakes of others— a habit of turning every thing into ridicule. It is so rare that drollery as you term it, or even wit, is seemly or graceful in a young woman; the prone- ness to satire, the temptation to cari- cature, makes it at best a dangerous talent ; a thousand sayings are attributed to you which you know nothing of, and the reputation of being witty, converts slight acquaintances into bitter enemies. MURDER OF FOUR CHILDREN BY THEIR FATHER. —The parish of Whit- well, in Norfolk, has been thrown into a state of consternation in consequence of a man, generally accounted well con- ducted and respectable, named William Frost, having murdered four of his child- ren. He is a farm labourer, and has worked for Mr. Lemon of Whitwell, for the last sixteen years. He killed his three elder children by beating them on the back of their heads with a large heavy hammer. The youngest, an infant, he put head first into a large earthen pot full of water. The names and ages of the children are as follow : — Harriet Frost, 5 years of age ; Charlotte, 3 years ; Eliza, 18 months ; and Louisa, only 10 weeks. The father is about 36 years of age. He was taken into custody imme- diately after the horrid occurrence. On the following morning the coroner held an inquest. — Sarah Allen, the wife of Thomas Allen, of Whitwell deposed : I live in a cottage adjoining that in which William Frost resides. I have known him about 20 years. I have always considered him a very steady man, and he always, as far as I have seen, con- ducted himself very respectably. On Monday morning I saw Martha, the wife of William Frost, go out of her own gate. She told me she was going to Mrs. Wil- kins for 1s. owing to her She very soon returned. I think in about five minutes, and I saw her again by my gate, which is very near her cottage. She told me that she was disappointed. We stood together some little time, and she then went into he own cottage, and I went into mine. I said as she was going into her cottage, " How is your husband, has he got work ?" I was aware he had been unwell for some days ; she said he was not gone to work. I heard Mrs. Frost call out violently as if something was the matter, and ran into the house. Mrs. Frost was calling out, " O ! my children." I took hold of her and asked her what was the matter. She was un- able to explain. I looked into the pantry, and there I saw Eliza Frost quite dead. I went up stairs, and there I saw Harriet and Charlotte lying on the floor quite dead. I also saw a quantity of blood. I then went down stairs, and looked for the other child but could not find it. I called out violently at the door for some one to some, and I sent my child, who was by my door, to get a neighbour to come in. William Frost, the father, was all the time sitting by the fire side in his kitchen. I look hold of him and said, " O ! man what have you done ?" I do not recollect that he made any reply. I then took hold of his wife to comfort her all I could.; she was very much distressed. I went into the pantry to show Eliza Yarham, who was just come into the house, the child, Eliza Frost, whom I had previously seen lying dead, and as I was going into the pantry, I turned my eye and I saw the babe Louisa Frost standing in an earthen pot, which was partly filled with water, with its head downwards. I have since heard Mrs. Frost say that when she went out after the shilling, she left the elder children at breakfast with her husband, and the youngest in the cradle. — Samuel Parker, inspector of police : Near where Frost was sitting, in a pantry, I found a ham- mer, which I now produced ; it was wet, as if the handle had been washed, with marks of blood on the iron part. Mr. Lemon who was in the room, then asked Frost if it was this hammer (at the time the hammer was shown to him) that he committed the act with. William Frost said " Yes." Mr. Lemon then said he never thought he could have been guilty of such an act. Mr. Lemon then asked whether he thought by destroying the children that they would go to Heaven ? He said "Yes." Mr. Lemon then asked if he ever thought of doing such a thing before ? He said he had for some time past. Mr. Lemon then asked him if ever he thought of destroying himself! He said "Yes." Afterwards I stripped him, and on his trousers I found a large spot of blood, with some hair stiking to the bloody part, and the hair appeared to me to be human hair. I asked him whether the trousers that were bloody were the trousers that he worked in ? He said "No." and he pointed out where I should find his working trousers. The testimony of the first witness was confirmed by five others! and Mr. Lemon, tanner and farmer at Whitwell, for whom Frost had worked 13 years, corroborated the testi- mony of the constable. THE AMERICAN NORTH EASTERN BOUNDARY. — The whole extent of the line to be run under the treaty from the source of the St. Croix, around the state of Maine, along the northern line or Ver- mont, New Hampshire, and New York, is 950 miles in extent. The commission- ers have surveyd the whole line as laid down by the treaty. They have to clear out a track 30 feet wide, making a vista through the forest, to survey all the islands in the St. John's River, to sound the channel of that river to apportion the several islands to the two nations, and to make maps of the whole line. Cast iron monuments, six fleet long, half in and half in and half out of the ground, with ap- propriate inscriptions, are to be placed along the line a mile apart, and as much oftener as the stream crosses the line. The line has been completed in this man- ner from the river St. Croix, to Lake Bohenagamook, a distance of over 200 miles, at and expense 23,000 dollars ; and it will require 75,000 to complete it. The commissioner and his party have worked this last summer five months on the line. His party consisted of one principal commissioner, five topographical engi- neers (officers of the United States Artil- lery), three civil engineers, and 100 men. The British had one commissioner (Col. Estcourt), three officers of the Royal Engineers, two civil engineers, a company of Sappers and Miners, acting as assistant engineers, besides labourers. The work at present is suspended for want of an appropriation. — " Philadelphia paper " PRINCELY LIBERALITY. — The " Armoricain" of Brest publishes the fol- lowing anecdote, illustrative of the ami- able character of the Prince de Joinville : — " A young artizan was travelling from Brest to Morlaix, where his family resides, and having reached Landernann he determined to breakfast there, and for that purpose entered an hotel, where he sat down in the dining room at a table prepared for several persons. He soon perceived that the table was laid with unusual care, and his surprise was in- creased when he saw some travellers enter and take their seats at the table as if it had been served exclusively for them. He then feared he had committed an indiscretion and in some confusion rose from his seat, but one of the travellers having observed his sudden disappear- ance, followed him ; and, with exquisite politeness, invited him to resume his seat, and partake his repast. The ope- rative yielded to the invitation, and in a moment he was set at his ease by the kindness and urbanity of the guests; and he laughed and conversed, ate and drank, as if he was in company of old acquaint- ances. Having satisfied his appetite, the young man prepared to resume his journey, and, having thanked the amiable Amphytrion, he called to the master of the hotel for his bill, praising at the same time the kindness of the young gentleman to whom he was indebted for so excellent a meal. The hotel keeper refused his money, and, to his astonishment, informed him that it was to the Prince de Joinville, the King's son that he was indebted for the honour of sitting at his table." WHEN TO LEAVE OFF. — "When to begin" is the first grand lesson Life has to learn. The next grand one is — "When to leave off." At school, the latter is neglected on both sides ; the master sel- dom attends to it in his admonitions, and never in his floggings ; and the scholar heeds it as little either in the playground, in his pugilism, or at the pastrycook's. A few years pass — the youth begins a flirtation, and knows not when to leave off. He enters rashly into matrimony, repents with equal alacrity, and never knows when to leave off. Perhaps he now grows cautious ; he holds a tight rein over his boys, to keeps them out of his own disastrous courses ; he drives them into a road of his own chosing, urges them to ends unsuitable to them, by means the most inconsiderate ; and per- severes in exercising an unnatural control over their inclinations, until they bolt. What can be more softening, more refin- ing, more calculated to elevate, to delight, and sustain, than a mother's loving care for her children ; but then her exaggerated estimate of dawning merits has sometimes killed them before noon, and her affec- tionate culture has nipped many a promise in the bud. Her fond heart overflowed at first, and never knew when to leave off. The secret worth knowing — when to leave off — it undiscoverable by the dram drinker. The water drinker is immersed in a still deeper sea of ignorance. He resembles the Irish orator, who began again before he left off. Hav- ing filled himself to the teeth with the limpid stream, he applies it externally ; and, always awake to water, is not, even in sleep out of his element. Lawyers, when they are making out their bills, are proverbially deficient in that important branch of knowledge to which we are alluding. The same may not unreason- ably be alleged of many " medical atten- dants" when they have once knocked at your door.— ' "Ainsworth's Magazine." ROMAN TAXES IN ANCIENT EGYPT. — After Egypt lost its liberty, we no longer find any gold coinage in the country : that metal, with everything else that was most costly, was carried away to pay the Roman tribute. This was chiefly taken in money, except, indeed the tax on corn, which the Egyptian Kings had always received in kind, and which was still gathered in the same way, and each year shipped to Rome, to be distributed among the idle poor of that great city. At this time it amounted to two millions of bushels, which was not half of what was levied in the reign of Philadelphia. — " Sharpe's Egypt under the Romans." LENDING NEWSPAPERS. — It is an American axiom, and one much more sensible than many that cross the Atlantic to us, that there are two things that never should be lent— a tooth- brush, and a newspaper. With regard to the last, an Act of Parliament (29 Geo. III., c. 50) still in force, expresses a kindred opin- ion : — " No hawker of a newspaper, or other person, shall let a newspaper for hire to any person, or different persons, or from house to house, on pain of forfeit ing seven pounds." CURIOUS (IF TRUE). — The wife of Mr. Adam Elliot, shepherd to Mess s. Sewell, of Sleetbeck, in the parish of Bowcsstle, who is upwards of sixty years of age, has recently cut out two new front teeth, to the no small astonishment of herself and her neighbours, who regard the circumstance as ominous of some event of importance. — " Scotsman." VERY LIKE A HOAX. — A new and curious experiment is about to be made in aerostation. A balloon made of sheets of copper is to be seen in the Impasse du Maine, near the Versailles railroad sta- tion, and an ascent is to be soon made. It is supposed that if it should be success ful, a step will have been gained by the use of metals for balloons, towards the application of the steam engine to aerial navigation. — "Standard." THE CONVICT SHIP. — Soon after that foretaste of slavery at Woolwich, the ship sailed, freighted with incarnate crime; her captain was a ruffian (could he help it, with such cargoes?); her crew, the offscouring of all nations ; and the " Chesapeake" herself was an old rotten hull, condemned, after one more voyage, to be broken up ; a creaking, foul, un- safe vessel, full of rats, cockroaches, and other vermin. The sun glared unge- nially at that blot upon the waters, breed ing infectious disease; the waves flung the hated burthen from one to the other, disdainful of her freight of sin ; the winds had no commission for fair sailing, but whistled through the rigging crossways, howling in the ears of many in that ship as if they carried ghosts along with them; the very rocks and reefs butted her off the creamy line of breakers, as sea-uni- corns disporting ; no affectionate fare wells blessed her on departure ; no hearty welcomes await her at the port, and they sailed many days as in a float ing hell, hot, miserable, and cursing; the scanty meal was flung to them like dog's meat, and they lapped the putrid water from a pail ; gang by gang for an hour they might pace the smoking deck, and then and thence were driven down, to fester in the hold for three and twenty more. Oh those closed hatches by night; what torments were the kernel of that ship ! Suffocated by the heat and nox- ious smells; bruised against each other, and by each others blows, as the black unwieldly vessel staggered about amongst the billows, the wretched mass of human misery wore away those tropical nights in horrid imprecation ; worse than crowded slaves upon the Spanish main, from the blister of crime upon their souls, and their utter lack of hopefulness for ever. And now, after all the shattering storms and haggard sufferings aud degrading terrors of that voyage, they neared the metropo- lis of sin ; some town on Botany Bay, a blighted shore, — where each man, look ing at his neighbour, sees in him an out- cast from heaven. THE CONVICT'S ESCAPE TO THE BUSH. — Morning dawned— and through the vague twilight loomed some high and tangled wall of green foliage, stretching seemingly across the very world. Most sickening sight ; a matted, thorny jungle — one of those primeval woods again, but closer, thicker, darker than the park- like one before ; rank and prickly herb- age in a rotting swamp crowding up about the stately trees. Must he battle his way through ? Well, then, if it must be so, he must and will ; anything rather than this hot and blistering sand. If he is doomed by fate to starve, be it in the shade, not in that fierce sun. So he weakly plied his hatchet, flinging himself with boldness on that league- thick hedge of thorns ; his way was choked with thorns; he struggled under tearing spines and through prickly underwood, and over tangled masses of briery plants, clinging to him everywhere around, as with a thousand taloned claws ; he is exhausted — extrication is impossible ; he beats the tough creepers with his dulled hatchet, as a wounded man vainly ; ha ! one effort more, — a dying effort— must he be impaled upon these sharp aloes and strange leafed prickly shrubs ! they have caught him there, those thirsty poisoned hooks, innumerable as his sins ; his way, whichever way he looks, is hedged up high with thorns, thickset thorns, sturdy tearing thorns, that he cannot battle through them. Emaciated, bleeding, rent, feinting, famished, he must perish in the merciless thicket into which hard heartedness has flung him ! Before he was well dead those flapping carrion fowls had found him out ; they were famishing too, and half forgot their natural taste for living meat. He fought them vainly, as the dying fight ; soon there were other screams in that echoing solitude beside the screeching falcons ! and when they reached his heart (if its matter typified its spirit), that heart should have been a very stone for hard ness. So let the selfish die ! alone, in the waste howling wilderness ; so let him starve uncared for, whose boast it was that he had never felt for other than him- self — who mocked God and scorned man — whose motto throughout life, one sen- sual, unsympathising, harsh routine, was this ; — " Take care of the belly, and the heart will take care of itself ; who never had a wish for others' good, a care for others' evil, a thought beyond his own base carcass ; who was a man — no man — a wretch, without a heart. So let him perish miserably, and the white eagles pick his skeleton clean in yonder tan- gled jungle! AMERICAN MERCY. — Jonathan's heart of dollars has somewhat relented. The white man sentenced to be hanged in Louisiana for aiding the Quadroon slave in an attempt to escape from bondage, is not, it seems, to be executed. He is only to be publicly whipped. Hence, the American flag may retain it significant stripes. — ' Punch.' AN UNDENIABLE FOOL. — It is a curious circumstance that in the British Museum are now to be found nine thick volumes entirely composed of title pages ; the collector of which destroyed thousands of volumes to obtain them. There are some persons so constituted, that although they will exert themselves to the utmost to serve and befriend you — though they will share their purse with you, watch you in sickness, and advance your interests with the greatest apparent eagerness, they would yet oppose and prevent any other person befriending you. They resent as an injury your receiving aid from any hands but their own ; and are as willing to oppress you when rising without their assistance, as they seemed formerly eager to help you rise. DAYBREAK, what seest thou ? A peace- ful flock in fold ; a den of watchful, ra- venous wolves ; a peasant whistling as he goes to his labour; a murderer shudder- ing over his victim; a poor body con- vulsed with anguish ; a maiden in her bloom, sweetly sleeping ; a miser count- ing his gold ; a bridegroom watching the tranquil slumbers of his soul's love ; an infant's entry to life ; an old man's exit ; these, with alternate smiles and tears, hast thou looked upon from age to age. A COMING STORM. — In one of those hot silent nights, when people sit at win- dows, listening for the thunder which they know will shortly break ; when they recall dismal tales of hurricanes and earthquakes, and of lonely travellers on open plains, and lonely ships at sea struck by lightning. Lightning flashed and quivered on the black horison even now : and hollow murmuring were in the wind, as though it had been blowing where the thunder rolled, and was still charged with its exhausted echoes. But the storm, though gathering swiftly, had not yet come up; and the prevailing stillness was the more solemn from the dull intelligence that seemed to hover in the air, of noise and conflict afar off. It was very dark ; but in the murky sky there were masses of clouds which shone with a lurid light, like monstrous heaps of copper that had been heated in a furnace and were grow- ing cold. These had been advancing steadily and slowly, but they were now motionless, or nearly so ; and as the car- riage clattered round the comers of the streets, it passed, at every one, a knot of persons, who had come there — many from their houses close at hand, without hats — to look upon that quarter of the sky. And now a very few large drops of rain begun to fall, and thunder rumbled in the distance. — "Martin Chuzzlewit." A MAHRATTA DINNER PARTY. — We subjoin a graphic and amusing account of an entertainment, purely in the Mahratta style, lately given by the Rajah of Nag- pore to the British Resident and a portion of the society at that station, chiefly for the purpose of introducing the ladies to the Ranees. The very novelty of the scene we are assured had lively charms for all present, and gave additional rest to the entertainment:— " An entertain ment was given a few days ago by the Rajah of Nagpore to the British Resi- dent and his suite, and invitations were also extended to visitors at Nagpore. The party was principally for the purpose of introducing the ladies to the Ranees, and allowing the gentlemen to partake of a dinner purely in the Mahratta style; in fact, his Highness expressed a wish that the Saib Log should be dressed as Mah- rattas. On reaching the palace at 7, p. m., the Resident was received by the Rajah at a small door in the principal street. The ladies having unshawled themselves, we were told to follow our leader in Indian file. After twisting, twirling, and nearly knocking our heads off against the low door frames, ascend- ing and descending, we at last gained our object, and were comfortably seated, shoes off, before a group of nautches, as old, by the way, as the hills of Seetbudea. Some time elapsed before the Khana was announced, during which the Resident re- galed Son Altese with a description of the battle at Gwailor. The apartment allotted for the repast was exactly oppo- site to that in which we were, and on ar- riving there we perceived five silver stools sufficiently capacious for squatting cross- legged on, and five silver tripods, sup- porting trays covered with every variety of Mahratta delicacy. The Resident took up the centre, and the suite ranged themselves on either side. To make the best of it, there was a separate dinner for the ladies near us, and whilst they were being exhilirated with Champagne, liqueures, &c.;, our mortification was much increased by their passing remarks on us, cramped as we were, and, more over, having nothing to wash down the strange meal withal but water ! any stronger beverage having been decided anti-Mahratto. Human nature could not bear this very long, so, one by one, we stole off to the more amply furnished ta- ble, amid loud and hearty laughter ! Numerous cooks lavished their attentions upon the party, and, of course, thought that the bringing all kinds of dainties in their fingers, hard and soft, was quite correct. The Rajah at length led the way to our former places, and the ladies were ushered into the Ranees' presence. Whilst this was going on, servants en- tered, bearing trays, on each of which was a complete Mahratta costume. The tray underwent the ceremony of being touched by his Highness, which was fol- lowed up by a similar mark from our di- gets, and then, alas, passed out of our sight for ever ! The ceremony was in- teresting, and the same presentations were made inside to the, ladies of silk dresses, but according to Hookum, were consigned to other more favourable beings ! the Ranees were literally covered with jewels of great value. We all left the palace at nine o'clock, highly gra- tified at the scene we had witnessed, so very novel in every respect. — "Agra Ukbar." ADVERTISEMENT. — Wanted by an aged lady, of a nervous temperament, a pro- fessor, who will undertake to mesmerise all the organs in her street. Salary so much per organ. A WOMAN among the audience in one of the theatres on a free night, seeing four singers on the stage in a quartette ; " Jeremy," said she to her husband in a tone of surprise, " What fools these fel- lows are to sing all at once." " Pshaw, nonsense, woman ; 'tis a free night, and so they're singing four together, that they may finish the sooner.'' SPRING. — I would desire to know what passes in thy bosom, O earth ! when thy birds begin to sing, thy waves to dance ; when thou clothest thyself in a dress so fair, that even during the shades of night the stars of heaven and the eyes of man behold the with love ; when mil- lions of small winged beings arise from thy beds of flowers, and fill the air with the harmonious murmer of their light life ; when starts of joy run through all thy veins ; when the whole of inspired nature is a look of love and a hymn of joy: — I would desire to know if thou feelest the joy which proceeded from the the unspeakable gladness which thou breathest. What I know is, that thou givest new life to the heart of man, a more vivid course to his blood; that thou freest his spirits from the oppres- sive grey-winter of life ; that, leaning on nature's bosom, he can feel a joy in- dependent of all others, a pure life enjoyment — love to life. Oh that I could conduct each invalid in body or mind, out in the spring morning, lay him on the young flowers, let him contemplate the dark blue heaven and all that quiet and living glory which the earth produces ; let him feel the warmth of the sunbeams, the balsamic coolness of the breeze, all that sincere goodness in the air and in nature which speaks to the heart with the accent of a friend, with a glance of God. Certainly here for a moment the unfortunate would forget the ungrate- ful one who has wounded him ; forget the pain which gnaw at his heart strings; remorse would here repose, and believe on pardon ; the often deceived would hope gain ; certainly the son of suffer- ing, yet before his death, would enjoy some hours of care-free happiness — at his evening he might look back to that spring morning, and say, " Even I have been happy on earth!" — " Frederika Bremer." SECRETS. — A secret is like silence— you cannot talk about it and keep it ; it is like money — when once you know there is any concealed it is half dis- covered. " My dear Murphy," said an Irishman to his friend, " why did you betray the secret I told you ?" Is it be- traying you call it ? Sure, when I found I wasn't to keep it myself, din't I do well to tell it to somebody that I could ?" AN UPRIGHT JUDGE. — In the time of Judge Holt there was a riot in London, occasioned by the practice of sending young persons to the plantations, who were confined in a house in Holborn till they could be shipped off. Notice of the riot being sent to Whitehall, a party of the military were ordered out, but before they marched an officer was sent to the Chief-Justice, to desire him to send some of his people with the soldiers. Holt asked the officer what he meant to do if the mob refused to disperse. " My Lord," replied he, " We have orders to fire upon them." " Have you so," said Holt, " then obseve what I say — if one man is killed, I will take care that you, and every soldier of your party shall be hanged. Sir, acquaint those who sent you that no officer of mine shall attend soldiers, and let them know likewise that the laws of this land are not to be ex- ecuted by the sword. These things be- long to the civil power, and you have nothing to do with them." So saying, he dismissed the officer, proceeded to the spot with his tipstaves, and prevailed upon the populace to disperse, on a pro- mise that justice should be done, and the abuse remedied. " AN ASKER." — A lady was recently visited by a female servant who had been married, and seeing that she presented an appearance of having much bettered her circumstances, she inquired the nature of her husband's profession. To this interrogatory, the young woman replied, " He is an as asker, ma'am:" " An askcr !" inquired the good lady with amazement, " and what in the world is that ?" " Oh, ma'am, he stands in the streets and asks." " Why, you don't mean to say that you have married a beggar, do you ?" " Yes, ma'am, but it's a very good business. My husband thinks it very bad work indced if he don't bring more than five shillings a- day." " You are a charming girl," said uncle Timothy; " but I am anxious to see you still more perfect !" "What can I do to please you, Sir ?" " Take my age, my dear, for your starting post, make it the grand stand ; retain it in a different shape, and you shall be the envied heir to all my fortune — XL (excel). " "I say, tom canst change me half a crown?" "Yes, I believe I can." "Oh, then, just lend me two shillings." "I am not fond of such vanities," as the pig said to the ring in his snout. " You will split my sides," as the oak said to the lightning. 