To She Editer of the Forth Gazette. * Sin,«-In your leading article of the 15th ittttant, there are sundry st&ismcntt; and «trictarea on color Hit cin?t?<:î&â wsih sgrt» failure and sgrí^'-u^I alfàiïs. I leave the atrshania to ¿ghi '.heir d's J.-Al'.la, «ad 1 have to reqneet, tir, that yea will be flighty civil, or other* it« you will happen t» got è poko with en auld Thatcher's foodie, and a scratch on your noddle with hit rake. Yon have attaekdd my best friend, the fcrtTt«?, and I hope the Colony j will toe that you hsv# tact with a sturdy Ci et oil er to defend him. No* to work, tir. The old adage hit ii, " Nent aro as blind ae they who mil not em;' ti'\ your tpsc* s littlft, fir, they give a false gîars. *' Oae point is citar" to ysur penetrating vision, to w¡ it it misty and bordering on .iarkncjo. 1 ra »an sls to the souciusion you arriverai, that "no real poverty txittt. Atttrtieneart not proofs. Does it fallow St matter of contoqeenet that, btcsute the paaper, or lab$;'ir;g population, is net ki .¿¡stress, that there it uo " rta] povtrty" in the tjsftntry ? By the way, io yea tali as M*vd***M»M«»>afaM»sfi»t mach new», and g*t paid for if, at you did Ave years ago? be hontnt enough to tell ut ; ana, in the absence of your reply, Tsay ne, and shall write poverty as 'the true oauôe, for I believe, in general, men's hoher an«* principles remain the same Wkat mean» the assignment .of property to cre- ditors, houses, lands, cattle, sheep, furni tnie, fee., which we see advertised, and hear of every week ? Does it moan riches ? If it doea, it it a most villianoas and infa- mo** practice ; but the fact of the matter it, in most casea it may be placed to the atcount of " poverty--real poverty." What it it that makes the agricalturiets pay their terrants' wages ia stock, in breeding stock, st a sacrifiée of 890 er 400 per csnt.; in other caset by bills and promises, the very worst description of credit ; but " poverty -real poverty V I cosld tell you of hard working, indastrioae settlers, who, after paying -j3*. 9r 2a. 6d. per bushel for the growth of wheat, eat it without taking out the bran; drink chingow without sugar ; and refrain from the general use of wine and spirituous liqtv r.*. I could prove that " the ncceaa&riea; of life ave" not "within the reach of all classes j" particular in t'aucet, Vi here no delinquency of conduct een he proved, might bs adduced if requi- ted; eod that "feeing compelled to abstain from indulging in superfluities is &ñcr all" not" the main gtouna of complaint." The point you saw to clear begins to be eave» loped in cloud, and probably by and bye will b« piovcd to batho<4busele8i fabric of a vision." Yo» propos« to " S0Bsdd*r tjie caso of the agriculturist»)," but somehow or other, if I mistake not, vo« have got hold of an horticulturist, a cabbage grower, or tome thing of the kind--"tom* mischevious monkey dceoyed his eyes." Hero you draw an infamous conclusion from wrong premises, and attempt to affix the sti»ma of inactivity and want of perseverance on the victimized and industrious agriculturist. Tell me, sir, what crops, what produce, the farmer allows to rot on the ground ? Does his wbeaty barlev, hay, »Sec, rot on th& ground ? Does ne not biing them to that ghost of a thing you call a market ? Hu?*, be not pursu« û ü phantom with esf4tî'and unwearied steps np and down the main streets and bye-way a of yoar mighty city, sometimes bcuyed sp with hope, ut other ti m co depressed ?sitb fear, and at bast the sceptre vanishes and isaves bia bend in the cloud» of difficulty, and his fôe tin the finiré of poverty, real poverty. A f«w week» back, * farmer from the upper Swan un- dertook the wild goose chase of finding a market in Perth, lie brought with him bnliockt, cart, and half a tou of flour, and pas sued the apparition called a rniuket from one ead of the town to the other with- out »ucees»; und where do you think be at lust deposited bia produce JA« staff' of life? In the Perth Market? no, or yes,justas you please. He deposited it iu a tailor's thop, and eaid, " there it is, make my son a suit of slothes." V\ here ia your rauch vaanted market / Here is not only diffi- culty fer the farantr, and poverty ana gross injustice in the townspeople; you are eating imported faur. What treith ift there in the ttatement, thal the agricultariht demands extraordinary prieee for hi* produce, Hour delivered in jFerth, and salis by a stor^ketptr at 2¿J. », cr lb., and aseat of different kinds s>* ¿JJ. psr «lb. If you greH and grumble at such price», you ought to be stade to grub your traes, eatysnr bread with the bran in it, and drink chingow wii&out; tsgtr, fur the ra mainder of the ttrin of your natur»! i."r# ; sad «vcB this fart would 1. '?> too good for f you for the mea, ia nany iastancss, who tend you thi« ¿»roasts, can get ne hettsrfor tksaiselve». I took you, air, ts b« a man, not of »uthroom gfowtb, bat a mun of age and standing in ths Colony. Whers have yow spent the last fcurtaen years of your Iii«? " .».n gentle iuaclivity," or in "labors more abür/á*nt," Had yon toddled a little far- ther from borne, given your body a little more exertiaeor "activity," and your mind a little wear« ranga snong agricultural affairs, you would have been in possession of other knowledgt, more correct know- ledge, a knowledge of "difficiltis«," of "dittreta/'of "real poverty, heart-rending poverty." I beg to remind yea, air, that men, hko things, ia this country, are often wrong ona sp,or up aids down; the sub in ths north at IS o'clock ; the cuckoo tinga at night ; poverty, M real poverty," it aot to be focad under the humble garb of pau pariiB, for the poor ars comparitively in» d«*endaat, and will ramain se aa'.il tht agrieaharitt baa s shilling left, hat nadar ths mors digaiisd garb of those who bavs fest* isjastoMsfl to ranfc high«? m teeiesy Where is your "clear poiut/'sir; it hat vanished asa vision of night, and nothing but chaos remains. Scenes of the mont har- rowing difficulty and distress .have come uader my own observation, and under yours too, «ir, if you will allow your mind to be open to conviction. What can be more distressing than te behold a respec- table agriculturist, or othor person, de- scending yeer after year by »low, yet -sur« degrees, io the ranks of pauperism, and after that, descending to absolue beggary ana. the grave. Open your eves, sirj; re- fresh your momery a little, and tell me where the greater part of the old settlers are, who'first commenced the subjugation of the soil on th& banks of tht Swau, and what their present condition ? Their an- cient, respectable, and honorable labors are yet to be seen, but other tenants have got posaeaiion, and why, because they never were adeqaalaly rernuaerated; the high price of farm labor, necessary improve- ments, mechanics' wages, storekeepers' bills, and the " Perth Gazette," engulphed all, sind often more than all, u leaving not a wr<»ck behind." Next week I hope to have time to con- sider and make some remarks upon your ooncludisg remarks to agriculturists. In the mean time, I have to request that you will exercise a little charity towards my old employer, the farmer, and do not fidget yourself Jeet sundry remarks in thies letter should make against the interests of the Colosy. It is an easy matter to go back from consequence» to causes, and then the wbii!e affair will rather make for than against it. The Colony is in no wise defi- cient in point of narin al resources, it only wanta the bond of vdustiyand agricultural science to dcve!?p "hem. Even the most practical and serenarle farmer in the Colony is not aware of what old mother earth will do if kindly treated ; she has had hitherto just reason for loud complaint, for the most rasceîiy whrle-aba robbery has been com- ic ii ted upon Ler since the first foundation of if,e Colony. Facts art in existence now which woaid eveu astonish Professor BuiiUaud and the Premier of England thcmselvet. Another word, sir, aad then I have done for the pressât. Some years ago I read two line« which made an impression upon my mind, I send them to you, and hope tliey wiíi make an indelible impression upon youie Siho. You have been accusing the farmer w iib want of *' saffieient activity and parceveraneV " The fas:»s o.' ovr nsighlors wi;h freedom we blan.ií, We tax not ourselves, tboscgh we practice the gasae." Your?, very respectfully, An Auld Thatchbb. June 17, 1844. [We have had so much space occupied this week by our correspondents, and the the Report of the Committee on the Ways and Means, that we cannot give our friend the Thatcher that attention he merit*. His opinions are worthy of consideration, and under these circumstances alone, we promise him to meet his arguments next week, as wc must convince our friend he is not in possession of auch extenaive information as we h" *c r*t our command. We learn with r.."ic« p easure that he means io con- tinue his correspondence in order to eluci- date 'he rosition of agriculture! aflci 'a; with tí j w ?". <..»:. cb pleased, as thor..r.cus^ion of topics o. »his nature may tend to the bene- fit of tho community, all parties being cu'turii/,,] ?8 welfare of «he agri« 