THE ESTIMATES FOR 1845.— PRO- POSED SUPPLEMENT TO SCHE DULE A. Tub proceedings in the Council on Thursday evening, in reference to tho amount proposed by the Govornmont to bo appropriated for the expenses of the Establishment for tho Administration of Justice, ovor and above the amount provided for by Schodulo A. of the Imperial Act, havo caused a marked sensation in political circles. Tho sum reserved for these purposes in the Schedule is £,20,000, but it is found necessary to propose an additional sum of £8035 6s. 10d.; and on the motion for such nn appropriation, the dobuto ensued, which it is our duty to ? advert to. Our readers will rocolloct that oh the 30th instant, the Colonial Secretary laid upon the table of the House extracts from a correspondence between Sir Qoorgo Gippn and Lord Stanley on tho subject of the Schedules affixed to the Imperial Act. His Excellency therein draws the attention of Lord Stanley to the Resolution proposed last session by Mr. Windoyer, (on the Coun cil arriving at that part of tho Estimates which relates to the Judicial Establishment,) to tho effect, that in consequonco of His Excellency . having asked for a Supple mentary grant, tho Council had a right to appropriate tho whole'of tho £20,000 granted to tho Queen for tho Administration of Justice by Schedulo A.— And Sir Goorge further adverts to another Resolution of tho Council, to tho ofibct, that tho Master in Chancery, to whom a salary of £1000 a yoar was assigned by Lord Stanley's Dos patch No. 175, of tho 2(Jth August, 1842, ought only to have £800. To theso matters Lord Stanley replies in tho follow ing terms. Ho approves of tho opposition mudu by the Governor to tho claims ad vancod on bohalf of tho Legislative Coun cil, to a right to contravene tho provisions made in the Schedules; and cannot admit that the Conneil have the right to fix the amount to be appropriated to every detail of the services provided for in thone Schedules, for which specific provision' is not made by the terms of them. His Lordship further adds that tho Message of tho Governor to tho Council of tho 39th October last, 'claims for tho Crown the right with which, beyond all controversy, it was tho design of Parlia mont that her Majesty should bo invested ;' and that right, his Excellency is directed to firmly, but respectfully, maintain and carry into execution. With so unqualified an approval of his Excolloncy's dorolopmont of tho viows which he oiitcrtiiiiis respecting thn Schedules ap ponded to tho Act, we confess that wo are scared y surprised at tho Resolution to which the House agreed in referenco to the excess Df amount asked for in addition to the sum apportioned in Schedule A. It is very true that the Schedules may not have been in tended to provide for the whole expenses of the departments named in them ; but it is, therefore, so much the more reasonable that, ' if the Council be called upon to vote a larger sum for any particular service than is appropriated thereto in the Schedules, it ought to have power to fix the amount to bo appropriated to every detail of such service, except such as may be specifically provided for in such Article.'' This proposition is, how aver, denied by his Excellency, who con tends for further exceptions, namely, ' for the salaries of officers who, holding appoint ments from her Majesty, naturally consider their salaries to be guaranteed to them by lior Majesty's Government, and of -whom many were induced to come to the Colony t-y promises held.out to them in England.' Now, we are inclined to admit that very much may be urged in favour of his Excel lency's claim for theso officers ; but in ad iiitting it, wo must observe that it refers to ilmost the whole amount asked for in ad dition to tho reserved *20,000. His Excel lency has already observed, that as no line of distinction between the superior and in ferior officers of this department has been yet established, he has no means of distin guishing the officers whose salaries should, in his opinion, be considered as guaranteed to them, until altered by her Majosty, than by including nil whoso appointments, sa laries, or allowances, had boen fixed or approved by her Majosty. The Balarios included in this supposed guurantoo were estimated by the Colonial Seorotary, on Thursday evening, at £10,540, and it will therefore be seen at once that the Auditor General's assertion, ' that there was no disposition to prevent tho Com mittee from exercising control over details to which the public faith was not considered pledged,' did not amount to a very wide recognition of their right of approbation. But the performance of oven tho trilling duty sugg'osjted by tho Auditor General was rendered impossible by the mode in which tho schedule and supplement were blended, ? and by the- unqualified denial, by Lord Stanley, of the*Council's right to fix the details of either. The House, there-fore, in assertion of tho right, which, by its con struction of the 34th section of tho Imperial Act, it is yestod with, declined to outer into any consideration of the required supplement, and his Excellency was rocommoiidod to appropriate the required, surplus from tho Cusual Revenue of tho colony, which has not been placed, this year, at tno disposul of the Council. It sometimes happens that right conclu sions are drawn from wrong piomisos, and in Uie dobuto on Thursday evening, this circumstance was illustrated a mervcille. A very simple question had to bo decided by tho Committee, but in discussing it, the digrossivo propensities of hen. Members .were fully developed. Tho right of the Committee to appropriate a sum nskod :or was simply what they had to determine, but every imaginable topic of colonial interest was lugged into tho discussion. Even the Attorney General was infected with tho mania, and favored tho Houso with a dis sertation on Catholic Emancipation, which, from various associations, likoly to ariso in tho presont moment of Ropeal agitation, wo could not help thinking remarkably mala propos, Mr. Therry, also, flow oil' at. a' tangent, -and lectured lion.' Mombers on their presumption in inveighing against an Act of Parliament undor which they holdv their seats. .The fallacy of this argument was ably exposed by Dr. Lang, who, with tho exception of Mr. Cowpor, was tlio only Member that really kept to the question at issue. In tho mean time, tho £0,G3o doficioncy is tho iinnicdiato matter for consideration. What will tho Government do with that, for the Colonial Secretary confessed he could not tell ? What would the opposition do with it : for neither have thoy told us, except by hinting at tho Cusual Revenue ? There it stiuks, howovor, liko Banquo's Ghost, a bug-bear for tho future guuranteo inakors, and constitution mongors of Down ing-stroet. 