FASHIONS FOR NOVEMBER. I {From Berger'* Ladies' Gazette of Fashion.) WINTER costumes this season present un- usual beauty and variety. Seldom has it ' fallen to our share to have so many elegant models for dresses of every description as we have this month. In cloaks, mantelets, and pelisses, we have been particularly fortunate, having obtained A great number of very elegant and striking novelties. Of walking dresses, too, we have nearly thirty entirely new patterns, and of bonnets, hats, and turbans, an almost endless variety ; but to our notes, commencing with CHAPEAUX and CAPOTES, the crowns of which are larger, the brims closer, and - brought more over the forehead than usual. ' The most elegant carriage chapeaux are those composed of an intermixture of black velvet and satin, the exteriort rimmed with a heron plume, and (he interior with small flowers; also those of pale violet velvet, lined with velours épingle, and' trimmed with knotted marabouts, violets, and roses. CLOAKS, MANTELETS, &C;, present great variety. The favourite materials will be velvets, satins, and plain silks. Furs will be much worn, and will be much used for trimming both velvet and satin mantles. Mutis and cardinals are worn a little larger. We have just seen a very pretty cashmere cloak. It is trimmed with velvet, and besides being perfectly novel has a very elegant ap- pearance. The satin Polonaise is very pretty, but only adapted for carriage dress. The paletot Russe is to be super- seded by an envelop, something between the shape of the paletot and a gentleman's greatcoat. It «ill be composed ofdrap CAshmere, trimmed with sentache, and lined with fur, and will Le made wide, the corsage high and plain, with lappels ; the collar will be covered with fur, and may be turned up to protect the ears and throat. The sleeve, in the coat form, but larger at the4op, so as not to crush the sleeve of the robe, will be of an easy width, lined and trimmed with large fur cuffs. m ' ROHES our limits will only" alio tv us to glance at. A dolaine, called Alpaga,' plain merinos, and poplins, will be much worn for half dress, and the promenade. Striped, figured, and shaded silks, satins, and velvets, cashmeres and pekina, for' evening dress. The redingote form is still in favour. High, or1 partially high, corsages are worn even in half dress. Em- broidery in silk is very fashionable. Demi long hanging steeves, and tight sleeves, are equally in vogue. Velvet will be in request for trimmings. Lace is still in favour, and also passmenterie. Turbans will be much worn. Shades of green, brown and grey, orange, dark blue, pensée, roby, groseille, and light shades of red and yellow, are the fashionable colours. House OF LORDS, THURSDAY, OCTO- BER 20.-This being the day to which '? the imperial parliament of the United" Kingdom stood prorogued, both houses met pro forma. The Commons being represented by the principal clerks and officers of the house. Shortly after two o'clock the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of Liverpool, and Earl Delawarr, took their seats in front of the throne as Lords Com- missioners. The Lord Chancellor then directed Mr. Pullman, deputy usher of the black rod to summon the Commons to hear her Majesty's royal commission, for the further prorogation of 'parliament, read. In a few minutes Mr. Ley and the officers of the Commons appeared at the bar when the letters patent having been read by the clerk at the table, the Lord Chan- cellor, in the usual form and words, de- clared, in the name of her Majesty, that the present parliament stands prorogued until Tuesday, the 14th day of November next. Their lordships then retired, and the ceremony, which only occupied a few minutes, ended. There was not a single member of either house present, except the three Lords Commissioners. The Chancellor did not use the words "then to meet for the despatch of divers urgent and important affairs," consequently there will be another adjournment, on the 14th of next month. < FEDERAL AGITATION.-It is now con- fidently stated, among the repealers that an agitation is to be commenced forthwith for, demanding a federal union, which they say will have the ardent support of Mr. Smith O'Brien, M.P., Mr. Sharman Crawford, Mr. David R. Ross, and Lord Clement. Mr. Joseph Sturge is to have the management of the movement in England, and after a little time it is hoped Mr. O'Connell will consent to abandon the repeal and nothing but repeal. Mr. Sturge arrived in town yesterday, and after an iuterview with Mr. O'Connell, set off for Bangor, in the County Down, to consult with Mr. S. Crawford, and arrange preliminaries. This agitation, it is said by some, will support the O'Connell pro- ject. The speculators, not wishing to admit, that the honorable and learned agitator has virtually abandoned it, and substantially adopted the next best thing, "federalism." The Repeal Association have retreated from their high grouud. None can deny it; the fact is taken for granted by the country at large -the spirit of the people is calming down, and they will not be easily moved again to give their money and their time, and incur the danger of the law for an object avow- edly much inferior to that of which they were becoming heartily tired. As I men- tioned yesterday, every exertion is being made for the completion of the " Concilia ? tion-hall" on Monday, but there is a strong probability that a proclamation will appear before the close of the week forbidding any further meetings of the Repeal Association, and in such case it is likely there will be no "demonstration" on the occasion. The government, I understand, are determined to stop the meetings at the Corn Exchange or at the Conciliation-hall, if that be the place selected for holding thtm. Wagers to this effect have been made, and the odds offered that government will at least make the. attempt. ANOTHER SACRIFICE TO THE CHURCH'S PLACE .-=K- »re enabled to -în^Twamary^timea would be one of very little moment, but to which recent cir- cumstances have conspired to impart an almost universal interest, that the new \- number of the British Critic is the last that will appear under the present manage- ment. We understand that the editor has signified to the publishers, that not only he, but all his friends, pur- pose r to withdraw at once from the review. This step, it is superfluous to remark, will be regarded with very various feelings in different quarters ; though we believe that some who profess to ijejoice most at it will An the end be the] most disappointed. We could name several whose occupation will be gone when there is no British Critic to cavil it. '' With all reasonable persons, however, it cannot but be taken as another noble sacrifice laid upon the altar of our Church's peace. Our prayers for the Church are, that she may prove herself worthy of such disinterested devotion on the part of some of her most gifted children. Our thoughts, of course, at the same time embrace Mr. . Newman's resignation of St. Mary's, and the cessation of the Tracts for the Times s and most earnestly do we hope that the time may come when we may all be more united in the bonds of Christian love ; for assuredly there is work enough for all to do ; and we can ill afford to be weakened by intestine divisions, when heresy and infidelity are at our gates.-English Church- man, i ¡ THE- LATE SIR .CHARLES BAGOT. The, Will of this gentleman has been proved by the Earl of Dartmouth and Lord Somerset, two of the executors. He bequeaths the whole of his property to his executors in trust, to allow the interest thereof and the use of his plate, &c;, to his wife, Lady Anne Bagot, and after her death to be divided amongst his children. By a codicil, he gives to his brother, Lieut. Bagot; à portrait of George IV., painted for him when he was ambassador to the court of St. Petersburgh, by Sir Thomas Law- rence. By another codicil, be gives to the _ Hon. Fnlke Greville, " the statue, ia iron, of Frederick the Great, presented to me by the King of Hanqver ; and I hope he will long preserve it, in memory of many happy days passed together:" and "to my early, constant, and attached friend, the Earl of 'Haddington, my gold snuff-box, set with small diamonds, which I hope he will sometimes use for my sake : " to Lady Lyttleton, the portrait ot her late husband, Lord Lyttleton, painted by Sir Thomas Law- rence,, He particularly directs his son not to publish nor divulge the contents of a box in the custody of Messrs. Childs and Co., which is sealed by the seals of the Duke of Wellington, Lord Oxford, and himself; but directs that he may burn or otherwise' destroy the contents. The pro-, perty has been sworn under £16,000. MR. HOBLER.-On Friday, a portrait of the late Mansion-house Clerk was hung up in the justice-room of the Mansion house, by direction of the Lord Mayor. It was painted by a Miss Drummond. The picture is about five feet in length, and is a representation of Mr. Hobler as he appeared when his attention was most especially arrested by some particular pro- ceeding in the Court. Mr. Hobler, who has lately retired, was Clerk to the City Magistrates fifty-five years, viz.-fifteen I years at Guildhall, and forty years at the I Mansion-house. j THE FREE CHURCH GENERAL AS- SEMBLY.-Glasgow, October 17.-This day, at eleven o'clock, the second General Assembly of the Free Protesting Church of Scotland met in this city. The plnce of meeting was the City Hall, which was fitted up expressly for the purpose, nnd was crowded in every part. The attend- ance of ministers and elders was very laige, and the more prominent members were received with loud cheers on their entrance. Among those deputed to attend from dis- tant churches, the Rev. Cesar Mnlan, of Geneva, attracted much attention. The Maïquis of Breadaldane and the Honor- able Fox Maule were present, and were warmly received on their eutrance. About eleven o'clock Dr. Chalmers took his seat in the Moderator's chair, and subsequently Sheriff Monteath, Sheriff Spiers, Sir David Brewster, Sir Andrew Agnew, and other members, took their seats on the platform. After offering up an impressive prayer, Dr. Chalmers pro- ceeded to prench a sermon, taking his text from Nehemiah, chapter xi., verse 16. His discourse, it is need less to say, was a very eloquent one. In the course of it, he went on to show the relative importance of what is internal and what is external in the affairs of the church ; after illustrating which, he laid down the following proposition-that whatever is good or true in religion is the product of the Holy Spirit's operation but that there is nothing in all this which supersedes the importance of the use of external machinery,' the setting up of which, and the working of which, belongs to the outward business of the house of God. After the religious ceremonies, and a discourse from the Reverend Mo- derator, the roll of the Assembly was called over, and a number of new com- missions were given in. Dr. Chalmers then, in an eloquent address, proposed Dr. Thomas Brown as Moderator. (Cheers.) Dr. M'Farlan, of Greenock, seconded the motion. Dr. Brown was then conduded from the committee-room to the chair. On his re-appearing on the platform, the whole of the members rose and received him standing, and the audience expressed their satisfaction by cheers. The Moderator addressed the assembly in an energetic speech ; after which Dr. M'Farlan moved the thanks of the assembly to Dr. Chalmers for the eminent services he had rendered tlie Free Church as their Moderator ; in an especial manner for the eloquent and ex- cellent sermon which they had just heard, and with a particular request that he would allow it to be published. (Great applause.) The Moderator then communicated the thanks of the Assembly to Dr. Chalmers, and Dr. Chalmers, in a brief reply, con- sented to the publication of the sermon. MR. SIBTHORP AND MAGDALEN COL- LEGE.-We hear that the Rev. Waldo Sibthorp has addressed a letter to the Pre- sident of Magdalen College, intimating his return to the English Establishment, and soliciting re-election to his fellowship. Oxford Chronicle. ANOTHER MAMMOTH.-A New York naner of the 25th of Aueusl atate^.Sbty Orange county, New York, discovered the remains of a mammoth or fossil elephant. The head weighs over 4001bs., the dimen- sions of which are as follows -Length of tusks, 4 feet 9 inches ; circumference of tusk at the root, 22 inches ; length of skull, including tusks, 7 feet 9 inches ; length between the eyes, 2 feet ; across the cavity of the eye, 17 inches ; length- wise cavity of the eye, 22 inches ; length of the principal grinder, 6 inches ; width of principal grinder, 3'- inches ; length of under jaw between the sockets, 2 feet ; girth of skull over the eyes, including under jaw, 8 feet 5 inches. These bones were found embedded in the marl to the depth of from five to seven feet. This is the! third mammoth found in Orange county. MEETING OF FORTY THOUSAND PITMEN.-,On Saturday a meeting of the miners engaged in the collieries of Nor- thumberland and Durham took place on the Black . Fell, about four miles distant from Newcastle. At an early hour num- bers of pitmen passed through this town from the collieries in the neighbourhood. Many were walking, and others riding in , long carts, all of whom conducted them- selves in a quiet and orderly manner. ' Long before the hour appointed an im- mense concourse had assembled-Black Fell presented the appearance of one moving mass. Differences of opinion exist as to the numbers at the meeting, the computation varying from 35,000 to 45.000 ; but the most probable amount was 40,000. The unusually large attendance on this occasion is to be attri- buted to the expected presence of T. S. Duncombe, Esq., M.P., and Mr. Fergus O'Connor, who had promised to assist in removing the grievances of which they complained. The chair was taken by John Tulip, of South Hetton colliery. He stated the objects of the meeting were for the pur poseof movingan address to Mr. Duncombe, expressive of certain grievances, which they were desirous of that gentleman bringing before Parliament at the earliest opportu- nity. The address was founded on the following among other resolutions :-That a petition should be forwarded to Parlia- ment, praying for a repeal of the export duty on coal ; that a more aafe and effi- cient system of ventilation ought to be established, by sinking a greater number of shafts, and those shafts to be more equally placed ; that the present machines for weighing arefaulty, and weigh very much out of truth. Mr. Duncombe said, if he was spared iu life and health, he would not fail to bring their wrongs before parliament at < the earliest opportunity. - Other speakers advanced arguments to prove that the export duty on coals was a IOSB instead of a gain to the revenue. It had caused a depression of from 6s. to 8s. per week in the wages of each miner, which sum had been previously expended on excisable articles. The meeting continued for about three hours, after which the vast assembly dispersed in an orderly and amicable man- ner. AN EDITOR'S COMPLAINT.-A simple habit exists of demanding from those unfortunate bipeds called Editors, a weekly portion ot brain, to be doled out in the shape of a leader, in such quantities as the caprice or hunger of the reader may require: so that, whether the said . hi* ^ , ; bipeds be hot or cold, learned or unlearned, in the cue or out of the 'cue, write they must, or lie under the eternal displeasure of such very considerate friends. We will not rest here to determine the propriety or charity of such requests, but simply look at the fate of these little offsprings, thnt are often forced into existence still-born, often concocted with much physicnl pain and mental anguish, and more often thrown by than nursed or admired. Where are all those bright and learned effusions-those nume- rous little 'ipse dixits' 'our decided opinions' and ' we maintains,'-that have been shot off like bullets from a pistol, twice a week from the Cape press, the last twenty years ?-Echo nnsweis ' xohere ? where ? where ? ' For the most part they have been consumed with the fag ends of the candle ; have lined our trunks to all quarters of the globe . have formed a curl paper for my Lady Betty ; a pipe light for the drunkard ; a boat for the truant ; or else have sunk into oblivion in a'far more dishonorable place. What a glorious prospect for the poor Editor what a strong inducement for study and application ! How careful he ought to be in his punctuation and cahtrranhv. lest, bv any unfortunate trip, however slight, he lose his honourable fame and his perpetual remembrance, But, however short the duration of Leaders-papfer and ink con- sidered-lat the moment of issue they must have some weight on the public mind, some tendency to good or evil, and sdme very injurious or beneficial effects, in the long run. We naturally, there- fore, look around us for results, where they have been most strenuously and warmly published, and after some little scrutiny, we regret to find there is ' some- thing rotten in the state of Denmark,' some great misunderstanding-a sickly cost of thought- anda constant game of ' cross questions and crooked answers.' About a stone's throw from where these thoughts are penned there is a sign of the ' Three Loggerhead ;' two only are there, but the reader makes the third. This is an old catch in England, but we little expected to find it in South Africa, What motive the projector had in placing it'here we cannot determine, unless he be a wag of the first water, and intended it as a reflection, or an epitome of the Cape, certainly here it may be said, " We all loggerheads be." ?PRINTING TELEGRAPH.-A Mr. Bain, of Wotton, near Wick, announces the dis- covery of an electrical printing telegraph, by means of which he can, " by one set of types, set up a newspaper in London, and print it simultaneously in every town in England and Scotland, nearly as fast as the steam-machine throws off the sheets." | -]-Briffhton Gazette. QUACK LAND.-It was boasted the other day. that the great mass of the people of England " detest schemers and quacks ;" that " they instinctively see through jobbery and selfish- ness." Is it not pasing strange, that a people doubly guarded by sentiment and reason too sharpsighted to be blinded by quackery, and with too strong an antipathy ever to be reconciled to it-should be so frequently gulled? The truth is, that in no country on the face of the globe has quackery flourished so extensively and so long as in England. England baa been for ages the peculiar heritage of quacks The mass of the people iu the time of the first Stuarts; by Dr. Rock in the days of Hogarth ; by St. John Long and the Hygeists in our own. Even the " regular" physicians have been tainted with quackery ; and Abernethy's biscuit and blue pills have been run upon with as much discri mination as the pills of Old Farr or the Widow Anderson, or the antibilious pills of Cockle, or the ointment of Hol oway. 'The mass of the people of England have been quacked religiously—in the days of Catholicism, by Crusaders and Maids of Lent; immediately before and during the Commonwealth, by Brownites, Muggle tonians, Anabaptists, and Shakers; in the age of good Queen Anne, by French pro- phets ; and in our own by Irvingites, Row ites, White Quakers, Bishop of-Jerusalem- ites, and Exeter-Hallites, of all shapes, sizes, colours, and descriptions. The mass of the people of England have been quacked politi- cally-in former days, by the kingcraft of the First James, by the fifth Monarchy men. by Titus Oates and his Plot, by Sacheverell and St. John ; and in later times by Spenceans, Socialists, Burdettites, Repealers, Currency doctors, Niger Model- Farmers, and believers in Uuquhart and Palmerston. The John Bull of the olden time believed in Lilly and Par- tridge; and as for his modern representative, he took in Moore's astrological predictions till lately ; and still, though ashamed to confess it, thinks there is something in Raphael. Nay, John Bull is quacked in his very amusements : he had faith in the Bottle-Conjurer ; he visited the Cock-lane Ghost; when he bears a play right and a theatrical manager puffing each other, he believes both ; and when little-go lotteries are got up to dispose of unsaleable pictures or carry off a printseller's rubbishy stock on hand, he is persuaded that he is patronizing the fine arts. The mass of Eng- lishmen are quacked in their cradle with American soothing- syrup; and after their death, by burial societies and patent vehicles, economically combining coach and hearse in one. At all periods of our nation's history, among men, women, and children, of every rank, in serious pursuits, and in matters of amusement, in public life and domestic affair.", do we find the Quack lord of the ascendant with the mass of the people of England, So far from " detesting schemes and quacks," John Bull appears to be attracted to them by a necessity as irresistible as that which draws the moth to the candle. Let'any two rivals, a quack and a true man, start as can- didates for John Bull's favour, and it is the long odds in favour of the quack. Let a rational plan of action and a hazy speculation be proposed to John at the same time, and he instinctively sets to work to.quack himself. Nay, the wisest and best measures will scarcely go down with John unless a spice of quackery be mixed up to give them a relish. Ile will give, and that liberally, to pious and charitable purposes ; but be must first be bribed by stimulating speeches, or must have at the least a fancy-fair into the bargain for his money. It is still problema- tical whether it was a rational earnest deter- mination to have more to say in the manage- ment of his own affairs, that made him insist upon the passing of the Reform Bill, or merely a liking for the banners, processions, and hust- ings-orations. It cannot be denied that John exclaims loudly and bitterly against quacks on all occasions : but it may be remarked, that at the very moment be is denouncing quackery in the abstract, he is cherishing the quack in the individual. Instead of his abuse of quacks being a proof that he can " instinctively see through jobbery," it is a proof that he has often suffered through it, and been laughed at for his folly, till he has become aware of his incapacity to detect it under a new form before he is bit agaiti ; that he lives under constant apprehension, and suspects jobbing everywhere, though be can see it nowhere. He sat for bis picture when Ben Jonson painted his Master Justice Over- do ; who, setting out in disguise to detect the iniquities of Bartholomew Fair, patronizes the pickpocket, and gets himsel clapped into the stocks.-Spectator. SUICIDE.-Boswell records an unhappy man, who having totally lost his character committed suicide, a crime which Dr. John- son reprobated very severely. " Why, sir," urged Boswell,'," the man had become,, n * fl famous for life:-what would'you have had lum do?" . ';Do, sir? I would have him go to some country where he was not known, and not to the devil, where IIP was known. INEQUALITY IN THE DISTRIBUTION OF HO- NOURS -Every honour that has been con- ferred on any man, in whose instance it is not clear that extraordinary service to the public has in any shape been done, is conferred in a more particular manner at the ex- pense of all those by whom extraordinary service to_ the public has really been rendered : it is felt by them as an injury. It has always for its tendency, and to an un measureable extent for its effect, the prevent- ing men, in general, from taking on them- selves any extraordinaiy burden for the purpose of rendering to the public, in any shape, extraordinary services.-Benthamiana 