ENGLISH EXTRACTS" COLONIAL CORN -EQUAL JUS I TIGE TO ALL OUR COLONIES, (From the Colonial Gazette, March 30.) I MR HALL'S motion for the admission of corn from South Africa, India, with Australasia, on the same terms as coin is admitted from Canada, was in love the House of Commons on Tuesday last. To the object of that motion we have repeatedly called the attention of our renders As to the equity of the claim, there cannot be two opinions, and while the hon, member did full justice to his subject, he argued the case so fairly and temperately as to command the upper station of his Ministerial opponents The motion was negatived by a majority of 70. We cannot allow such a role to pass without offering a few remarks. The decision is very disreputable to our legislators and the reasons adduced for opposing the motion, if possible, more disreputable to those who employed them The chief opponents of the proposal measure were Mr. Gladstone and Lord Stanley -the President of the a Board of Trade, and the Colonial Secretary, those members of the House who, of all others, should patronise and encourage the colonies in their endeavours to extend their trade and increase the number and amount of their exports The distinction which has been trifle, and which, it seems, is to be perpetuated between Canada and other colonies is partial, and therefore unfair, and more the privilege has been granted to the colony from which, if distinction were to be made, there might have been some semblance of a plea for withholding it, and is within Id from those to which it ought to have been granted The operation of a sliding scale must be tenfold more injurious to ven remote colonies than to a colony which obtains information of the state of our market within a fortnight Yet the sliding scale system is applied to the former and a low fixed duty to the latter. The expense of convening produce from India and Australasia is much more than from Canada ; the danger of its arming in bad condition much greater, the natural obstructions in the way of shipments being made, are more numerous and formidable in the former case than in the latter, or, in other words, the protection, irrespective of duty, enjoyed by the English farmer, against competition from the colonists of Australia, is much greater than from those of Canada and at the former are subjected at present to duty four times heavier than the latter. Can anything be more preposterous? But the worst has not yet been told. Whatever grain may be brought from South Africa, India, 01 Australasia, must be bona-fide grown by our fellow subjects, our brethren in the colonies , but in the case of Canada, we have opened a channel for the introduction of wheat and flour grown in the United States of America. Mr. Gladstone pleads that the admission of Canadian corn was proposed last year by Government as an exceptional case. But what right has any Government to make exceptional cases in such a matter as this, to confer the favour visit might, with least danger, be refused, i refuse where it ought to be granted ? And yet, our legislators approved of the one sided measure, and sanctioned the in« Hist ice. It is startling to hear Mr. Gladstone gravely argue that the difference of 3s. per quarter cannot materially affect the question of the importation, or non importation of wheat from Australia, &c.; Why, lay- ing out of view the weighty considerations to which we have already adverted, it is undeniable that this difference of 3s. per quarter may make the trade a losing trade instead of n gaining one-way, in fact be a prohibition. Mr. Gladstone knows or ought to know, for everybody else knows that a profit of five percent, is much more than the average profit on mercantile transactions at the present day. It is not to be borne that men in office shot Id care to bring forward such unwarrantable assertions, and that the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled should adopt them as the basis of their legislation. It might have been expected that the Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies would have proposed the measure in question rather than Mr. Ilutt or any other member. His official situation points him out as the man who ought to originate measures for the benefit of the colonies, or, at any rate, he ought to support all such measures. Instead of this, he really seemed to feel offended that his official repose had been disturbed by the discussion of so trifling a matter. " If, however, as the Times remarks on Thursday, " the gain is so slight, so, surely, ought to be the disturbance." The colonists and their friends in this country consider the matter in question of sufficient importance to petition for it, and to make efforts to secure it and are not they better qualified to pronounce an opinion on this point than his Lordship ? But the true state of the case was admitted by Lord Stanley. The bearing which the measure applied for would have on the interests of the colonies was not considered by our Colonial Minister, but the bearing which it would have on that peculiarly sensitive in- terest," the agriculturists, and through them on the stability of the present administration. His Lordship was afraid of exciting a panic among the gentlemen who sit behind the Treasury bench in the House of Commons, and among the landed and farming interest generally. In the few remarks made by him, he almost avowed that he opposed the motion owing to his adherence to class legislation. " This, is too bad :" it is doubly bad in the Colonial Minister. We are glad to avail ourselves of the powerful aid of the Times, which in the article already referred to, enforces the only sound principle in such cases, namely, that the colonists must be treated as in- tegral parts of the empire. Our influential contemporary advocates " the idea of forming England and her colonies, as far as may be, into one great commercial whole ; of attempting to create beyond ; the narrow limits of our own island, but within the limits of our laws and authority, a mass of consumers for our own main factured produce, a mass of producers for our manufacturing months, between whom and ourselves no wars or hostile tariffs shall be able to interpose an ob- stale." All these objects would have been facilitated by acceding to Mr. Butt's motion In violation of these sound principles, Lord Stanley opposed and defeated that motion, influent ed by a partial regard to a "peculiarly sensitive mu rest." Is not this equivalent to offering a premium to peculiar sensitiveness ? Let the colonists take the hint, and tell his Lordship to remember, in the expressive words, of the 'line is, that " in a nation, as in a man, the obedient pliancy of your li is soon gone " TllOUW VMJM N'b till HAL. CorN every, March 10 The last solemn rites over the remains of Tliorivaldsen were celebrated this day. The both her in state yesterday, in the room appropriated to antique works of sculpture in the Thorwaldsen Museum. Here the ceremony commenced this morning at eleven o'clock, with a decree composed by Hoist and King, and prevented by all the students of the Academy of Fine Arts After this the Rev. Dr Claussen delivered a very beautiful and appropriate operation upon the extraordinary abilities and genius of the deceased The coffin was then taken down and placed in the hearse, during which the members of the Italian Opera, who were placed in Thonvaldsen's studio, performed a cantata in Italian, written by Spratt and composed by Holst, and when the hearse moved slowly away the students of the Academy of Fine Arts sung another beautiful plaintive song from the balcony of the building 'The mournful procession was headed by two of the most eminent members of the Academy of Fine Arts, followed In about SOD students , alter them came Thorivaldstn's country men- all the Icelanders now residing here and then, almost without exception, all the artists in the city The plain open coffin came next, simply ornamented on one side with a beautiful carving of the Tales, after a design from the great mass tor's own hand, and a design representing Victory on the other. On the coffin were placed interwoven In arches of palms and c) press, but none of the numerous decorations belonging to the deceased sculptor. On the canopy of the hearse was placed one of the last and most beautiful works of the greats rustling e leaning on an anchor. Next came, immediately after the corpse, as chief mourners, (all the members of the Academy of the Pine Arts, headed by their President, his Royal Highness the Crown Prince, followed by all the other royal princes and a great number of the principal officers of state, officers of the army and navy, and upwards of eight thousand citizens of all classes. All the streets through which the procession passed, from the Museum to the Church of the Holy Ghost, were lined en espalier with the different companies of trade, with their colours and en- signs covered with crape, and they themselves in deep mourning. The streets, from the Church of the Holy Ghost to that of Notre Dame, where his last resting place was prepared, were fined in the same manner by different regiments of the garri- son and the whole distance from the Museum to the Notre Dame (about an English mile) was, according to the ancient Scan j dmavian custom, strewed with white sand, I intermixed with juniper leaves. At the entry of the church his Majesty the King, in deep mourning, received the corpse, and, after the coffin had been placed on a catafalque which had been erected for that purpose, the requiem was per- formed that which was written by one of Thonvaldsen's most intimate friends, the celebrated Adam Ohlenschlager, I and composed by Glaser. The Bishop | of Seeland, the Right Rev. Dr. Trade, j then performed the funeral sermon, and delivered a most eloquent oration, after which the coffin was consigned to its last abode, during which time the students | amounting to several thousands, who had not found admittance into the interior of the church, and had placed themselves in the churchyard, sung a hymn also written and composed for the occasion Her Majesty and all the royal princesses occupied the loyal pew during the whole of the cere- a month The bells of all the churches, in the capital tolled from eleven till two o'clock, and, when the procession came in sight, the " Dead March" from Saul was performed. As was anticipated, Thorwaldsen has left nearly all his property which is more considerable than was supposed to the museum that bears his name. A monument upon a most magnificent scale will be erected to his memory at the public expense, for which subscription lists have already been opened, headed by his Majesty with the munificent sum of 20,000 dollars. SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION very curious phenomenon has been observed at the gas- works in Bury St. Edmund's, and which may perhaps tend to clear up the origin of many fit es which have hitherto been mysterious. In consequence of some small coal of a different sort being laid over the larger, which had been before provided, spontaneous ignition has on two occasions taken place in the heap, and burst out in a narrow passage. To the peculiar quality of these coals may probably be attributed the oppressive sulphurous smell and yellow flame of the gas, which has of late been often observed, and which the proprietors of the works no doubt will take measures to rectify Bury Post. POLE-CATS" OF THE PRESS Mr. Wells has told a moving tale to the Lord Mayor of the sorrows and hardships of Barnard Gregory, prisoner in Newgate. " He is compelled to associate with felons," says Mr. Wells-doubtless, a dreadful indignity to the late editor of the Satirist, whose cosmetics and fellow- labourers in the vineyard were men of the nicest sense of honour gentlemen " of the first house, the very first house." Moreover, the said Gregory " sleeps on an iron bedstead, with rope mattress and rug covering a shocking circumstance, when we remember the beds of roses that the said Gregory was wont to spread in the columns of his newspaper for certain sufferers. " Mr. Gregory is only allowed the prison diet !" Considering the extreme delicacy of his appetite, that for years fed upon lying and slandering a most cruel punishment " Mr. Gregory's health is suffering, and, therefore, Mr. Wells will " call a public meeting to address the Queen" upon the matter. We know nothing of the state of Mr. Gregory's health ; but this we know-men, on board the hulks, who, it may be, have only wronged society to the amount of a few shillings, fell ill, and find no sympathy in their sickness from the Home- office. How, then, is the late editor of the Satirist to claim any indulgence, denied to the late abstractor (to use a soft word of pocket-handkerchiefs? Mr. Sheriff Musgrove regretted to declare that Mr. Gregory's health was declining " Has | the sheriff no sympathy for the declining health of many a wretched convict at Woolwich ? Can he only find compassion for the convicted slanderer that turned his venom to profiteers he no touch of tenderness for the declining footpad, the wasting housebreaker ? Let Gregory's ill health plead successfully for his pardon ; but let the same pardon be awarded to sick culprits of every denomination. Punch. 