EXTRACTS FROM THE SECOND BOOK OF SCRIPTURE LESSONS FROM THE NEW TESTAMENT. lesson i. Jesus converses with his diSciplcs after his rcsur. rcclirm — is tahen up to heaven.— The apostles- return to Jerusalem, and at the suggestion of IJetur choose Matthias as an apostle m the room of Judas. from acts i; The former treatise . have' I. made, O Theopbilus, of all things that- Jesus began both to do and teach, until the day on which, having, through the Holy Ghost, given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen, he was taken up ; to whom also he shewed himself alive,, after lie had suffered, by many infallible proofs, appearing to them for forty days, und speaking of things relating to the kingdom of God ; and,, having gathered them together, he commanded them that they should not depart frorri Jerusalem, hut should wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he., ve have - heard bv me. For John indeed baptized with water ; but yo shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not tnany days hence. They therefore having come together, asked of him,, say ing, Lord, wilt. thou at tliis- -time restore the kingdom of Israel P And he said unto thein, It is not for yon to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath determined by his own authority. But ye shall receive power, when the Hoi Spirit is come upon you; aud ye shall be witnesses to me oven in Jerusalem,, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and to the uttermost part of The earth. And, having said these things, while they were beholding, he was taken up ; and a cloud received him out of their sight. And, while they were looking stedfastly toward heaven as he went, behold two men stood by them in white apparel ; who also said, Ye tncu of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven ? tliis very Jesus, who is taken up from you iiito heaven, shall so come in like manner as yo have seen him go into heaven. Then they returned unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is near Jerusalem, being a sabbath day's journey.- And when they were come in, they went up iuto an upper room, where abode Peter, and James, and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alpheus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas, (lie brother of James. These all continued ivith one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of JesUs, and with his brethren.f And in those days, Peter, standings in the midst of the disciple?, said, (the number of the names together were about an hundred and twenty)) Men and brethren, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which, the Holy Spirit by the niouth of David spoke before concern-; ing Judas, who became guide to theni that took Jesus. For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of ibis-ministry, (Now this man purchased a field | with the reward of iniquity and falling head long, lie' burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowdls gushed out. And it became known tin to- all- the inhabitants of Jerusa lem ; insomuch as- that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, the field of blood.) For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let bis habitation be . desolate, and' let no man dwell therein : and his office let another take) Wherefore, of these men, who have gone along with us all the time that the Lord Jesus-went in and out among 11s, beginning from; the baptism of John, until the day when he was taken up from 11s, must one be or dained to be a witness with us - of his resurrection,. And they appointed two,. Jbseph called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus;: and Matthias. And;, pray irig, they said, Thou Lord, who art a disceruer of the hearts of all men, show which of thesfi twoi'lhqu hast chosen, that he may take' part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place. And they gave forth their lots ; and the lot fell upon Matthias; and he was numbered withThe eleven apostles. The apostle Paul thus applies a passage in Es. Jxviii.f to the ascension of our Lord Jo heaven, and reasons upon- it in his epistle to the Ephesians — Eph. iv.; But to every one of lis is) given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. Wherefore, he saith,. when he ascended up on high, ; he led captivity captive, and gave guts unto men. v JNow, that he- ascended, what is it but that he also first descended j| into the lower parts of the earth ? He that descended, is the same also that ascended above all the heavens, that he might fill all things. And he gave some apostles, aud some prophets, and some evangelists, and some pastors, and teachersj." for the perfecting' of the saints, for (he work of the ministry, for the edifying of the bqdy,of\Christ ; until we all attain to the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, that we henceforth be' uo more children, tossed to and fro, and' carried about with every wind of doctrine by the artifice of men, by their craftiness forming concealed plans oi deceit : but that speaking the truth in love,, we may grow up ill all things which have respect to: him who is the head, even Christ. The Apostle Paul then speaks of the en trance of Christ into heaven, after -'having efferdd himself, a sacrifice ,for sin. — Hebrews jx. 24 —28. , . Sabbiith dug's journegt— About two miles. f Brethren.- — AH. near coljaterul relations were called by the Jews, brethren. X Judas, as we are informed in Mat. xxvii. 3— 8, threw, down the thirty, pieces of silver, which he had received , as the reward of his treachery, before' the priests 'in the tern pie, and therefore could not. literally purchase a .field with them. But Judns in effect bought that field, because he gave'the money with which it was bought. Douay, Ps. lxvii. || The tenor of this argument is, that the inspired psalmist could refer to no' one but the Messiah,, who first; descended- to the. earth in human nature, and thori, after his resurrection, us cehded up to' heaven, front whence, according to , bis promise, ho sent down the different gilts of the Spirit enumerated in tire passage. ' Loner pai'ts of the eartkSome understand by this the grave. But. the phrase, seeurs to denote merely the earlh'itsclf, called the lower parts, as opposed to the ' .highest heavens,' from which Christ came,. and to which he returned. For Ghrist is not entered into the holy )places made with handa,+ the emblems of the true, but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for «s. Nor yet was it necessary Jithat he should offer himself often, as the High Priest en tereth into the holy place every yedr with the blood of othersvf' For then he must have suffered often from the founding, of the world ; but' now J once at the conclusion of the age3j he hath appeared to put away sin by- the sacrifice of himself. And, as it is appointed to men once to die, and, after this, the judgment; so- also Christ was once offered' to bear the sins of many, and to them that wait for hira shall he appear the second titne without|| sin unto salvation. The same apostle writes thus also of the aFcension of Christ to heaven, in his Epistle to the Ephesians, chap. i. 15—23. . Wherefore, I also, hearing of your faith that it is in the Lord Jesus, and of your love towards aii the saints, cease not to give uiaiiKs ror you, manm" mention or you in my. prayers : that the- God of' our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of 'him ; the eyes of your understanding being so enlightened, that you may see what is the hope of his calling, and what is the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints and what is the exceeding greatness of his power towards us who believe, which isjaccording to the work ing of the might of his power which he exerted in Christ, when having raised him from the dead, . he set him at his right- hand in the heavenly places, far .above all principality, and power, and- might, and dominion, and every name of authority and dignity that is named, not only' in this world, but also in that which is to pome, and to put all things under his feet, and appointed him to.be: head over all things to the church, which is his body, the fulness of him who filleth all in- all. words; sco., to' be explained in lesson i. Treatise, Pastors, Revelation, Ministry, Edifying, Inheritance, Evangelists, Emblems, ' Principality. T" . 1 questions -on lesson i. What- was the.object of -.the former treatise made by the author. of. this book ? How longdid Jesus continue 'to appear from tihie. to' time to his' disciples;? - - . , , What direction did he give to them when he gatheied them together? t (What question did they put to him ? Whattmswer did he make to that question ? What happened to him while lie was talking with thein ? iviia + 1 !<. .1. 1 1 " iu uiem wuuc tuey were jutu&iug; up after him ? . What-did they say ? Wliere did they go after this ?- How far was Jei usalem from the placo where Christ ascended ?: . Where did the' disciples assemble iu Jerusa lem ? How many were together ? What did Peter-advise them- to do ? . What, did he say had beeome of Judas ? How did he propose that the new apostle should be qualified ? . Whom did the disciples appoint to be sub mitted to God ? Whieh of them was selected ? Where does the Apostle Paul tell, us Jesus went to when he ascended ? ' How is he employed there ? Will he come again to the world ? Made with hands.— Alluding to the-, taber nacle constructed under the direction of Moses. t> Of others. — Not'his own/ but the blood of the animals which were . killed for sacrifice, according to the law, given to the Jews, as re corded in the Old Testament. % But-now.—V. e. As things-now are, accord ing to the arrangements actuall v- made.. Ages, or dispensations.. In the latter days or last of the dispensations. ||. Without sin.— i. e. Without suffering'for our sins, or without a sin- offering.. In him was uo sin. .Hope of his calling. — i. e.'Hope to which he has called or invited you, namely, by his doc trines and promises. X tt1iat is the riches, &>c. — A Hebrew expres sion, signifying, how rich and glorious is the inheritance which he has provided for the saints. 