OitDEn, a Faculty of the Mind.— You may observe that there is in man a love of order or arrangement commencing at the very dawn of reason t indeed', even when the intellectual powers Have scarcely awoke, the child ' begins to select' and arrange such material objects as happen to be within its reach. lie places bodies together which are of the same form, and collects into one place objects of the same colour or of (he same size. This faculty seems intended for the wisest purposes, and though observed throughoutthe animal creation, yet it is be.stowed oilman in a pre-eminent degree. It is this faculty which, when his intellect has advanced to maturity, enables him to divide, metho dise, and classify the, various objects around him ; whilst it is also one of the most important of our mental powers in transacting what is usually called ' the business of life.' , It is, indeed,, of such importance in the, operations of mind that phrenologists have' attributed to it a particular organ. . .'.,... , Copper Ore.— Independent of the rich and extensive- mines which are at present being worked at ; the Barrier Island, we have been credibly informed by various persons, ' that Copper Ore is found abundantly in many other parts of New Zealand, Indications of. Copper Ore .are to be found in several places on the East Coast; and we have been informed' a few days agoj' by', a gentleman . from Kaipara, that he has seen specimens of Ore found in some racks in that district,1 in every respect equal to1 that from the Barrier. The mineral treasures of our Islands are valuable and abundant, offering ~the.high.est and most tempting inducements ior;.the outlay of capital,, and it is now to be hoped that these treasures will not to. he allowed; to remain much longer hidden. There is abundance of capital in England waiting to be invested in any thing likely to give a 'good return, and we know of no other country where the capitalist can secure himself better, in that respect, than the Islands af New. Zealand: ?????Flax, Copper Ore, Coal Mines, ' Manganese, Sulphur, &c;, inviteN: liim to our shores, — SpuTiiKUN Cross, , ? . '? The day Lord Normanhy made his speech in the house of 'Lords in vindi cation of his administration in' Ireland, a member ; of the Upper House called on. Lord 'Wellesley, ' Well, my lord, your friend: Lord Normanby . covered himself last night with laurels;' '' Yes, indeed j and1' where ' do you think he Igathcrctl them?' '/Can't say, indeed.' ' In. tho groves of Blarney.', ? . , . :- . , ; ? .. ?; :! .Sir Walter Scott and his Novels, — At one of the celebrated Holland House dinners, a discussion arose, as to which was the best of Sir Walter Scott's novels. A diversity , of opinion heing apparent, Lady .'Holland proposed 'that each person should write down the name of tho novel which they preferred. Paper and pencil were passed, and ? a; slip ? torn oft' as each wrote. Nine were handed toiler Ladyship, and 'each had, the name of a different novel ! — a happy illustration of the varied inerits ? of . this fascinating writer. ? . . , ? ,- -;.;. Ghosts.— Ghosts be hanged ! Nosncli things in nature ; all laid long ago before the wood pavement. ; What should'. they care for ; the colliers may rise for higher wages, and the Chartists may ? rise for reform, and Joseph Sturgc may . rise for his health, and bread may rise; and the rising generation may : rise ; , but that the dead should rise only to make .one's; hair rise }s more than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. Well, if you come out; qf your gra.ve to serve a friend, how are you to help him ! And if its an enemy, what's the use of appearing to hini^if you, pan't pitch into' him, .*;, .J . y .,. ....... . , ....... . ... True Principles of Oratory; — The following advice of President Witherspun to his pupils might be a 'benefit tosomo oratorsof the present 'day !f' In'the first place, take care , tliat, ye. never begin to speak till ye ha''soine'thin^ to' say '; and secondly, be sure to leave off. as soon as ye ha', done,' ' ' ' : A facetious gentleman, travelling in pursuit of pleasure, on arriving at his. lodging-place in the evening, was met by the hostler whom he thus addressed ?. ' Boy, extricate that quadruped from the vehicle — -stabulate him — denote him an adequate supply of nutritious aliment;; and'when the aurora of morn shall again illuminate the oriental horizon, I shall award you a pecuniary, compensation for your amiable hospitality.' The boy, not understanding a word, ; ran into' the house saying, ' Master, here's a Dutch-' man wants- to see you, ? ?..:'? :. ..hi. 