M ISCELLAN Y. Synonymous.-Says Torn to Joe, "I've dismissed lay servant." "' Discharged you meant to have said," remarked Joe. " No, sir, there is no difference between the terms -they are synonymous." "'' Well, then," added Joe, '' I'll just dismiss that small debt I owe you, and call it discharged." '" Be collected," as a tradesman. said to a huge pile of unpaid bills scattered over the desk. In wonder all philosophy began; in wonder it ends; and admiration fills up the inter-space. 13ut the first wonder is the offspring of ignorance ; the last is the parent of adoration.-Coleridye. Forget? Aye forgetl it is a strange truth I we do forget.--The summer passes over the furrow and the corn springs up; the sod forgets the flower of the past year; the baittle field, the blood that has been spilt upon its turf; the sky, the storm°; and the water, the noonday sun that slept upon its bosom. All nature preaches forgetful ness-it's very order is the progress of obli.. vion ! The Wisdom of Contentment.-I have at length learnt by my own experience (for not one in twenty profits by the experience of others,) that one great source of vexation proceeds frolo one indulging' too sanguine hopes of enjoyment from the blessings we expect, and too much indifference for those we possess. We scorn a thousand sources of satisfhction, which we might have had in the interim, and permit our comfort to be disturbed, and our time to pass unenjoyed, from impatience for some imngined plea sure at a distance, which we may perhaps never obtain, or which, when obtained, may change its nature and be no longer pleasure. -lMore,. MZerely a Suggestion.-The bhoaiders of al tavern in Georgia were annoyed by flies in their butter, Judge Dooly took the. tavern keeper aside, and remarked to hitn, in a private way, that some of the friends thought it would be best for him to put the butter on one plate and the flies on another, and let the people mix them to suit themselves. 'He merely suggested it for consideration. -=American paper. Salutations Ertraordinarq.-In some countries they rub noses; in others they pull one another's ears; the Franks plucked out a hair, and presented it; the Japanese take off' their slippers when they meet. In seome of the South Sea Islands they spit in their hands, and then rub your face for you; in others, it is the height of polite ness to fling a jar of waiter over your friend. Father Dickson's Last.--Being asked "Why Daniel O'Connell made so bad a speeeh in defence of the traversers at the state trial"- t.he Father of the Irish bar re plied-" Because Dan was speaking against his own conviction." A Word that should only be said upon Holidays.--Jn a poem by I-Ioffman, the German poet who was lately expelled the Prussian dominions, and the admission of his worksprohibited, the following word ap pears: Steuerverweigerungsverfassungsmiis sigberechtig! " Meaning a man who is exempt by the constitution from the pay ment of taxes. "I meant to have told you of the hole," said a man to his friend, who stumbled into a pit full of water. " No matter now (says the other, blowing the mud and water out of his mouth,) I've found it." "You're always in love," as the conrpo sitor said to the letter O. A Tragedy of Absurdity.-We read, said Bernardin Scardeon, that in the fatnily of Limina 'at Padua, there were two brothers, who being on a summner's day in the conni try, went abroad after supper, talking to gether of many things.-As they were stand ing gazing upon the stars that twinkled in the sky, being very clear, one of them be gan in merriment to say to the other, <' Would I had as many oxen as I see stars in yonder firtnament," and the other replies "~ Would I had a pasture as wide as the firmament," and therewith turning to his brother said unto him, " Where would'st thou feed thy oxen ?" " Marry, in thy pas ture," quoth his brother. "Buthow, if I would not let thee ?" said the other. " I would," quoth the first, ' whether thou would'st or not." " What," replied the second, " in spite of my teeth?" " Yea." an swers the otlher, " whatsoever thou could'st do to the contrary."--H ereupon their sport turns to outrageous words, and at last to fury, that in the end they drew their swords, and fell to it so hotly, that in the turln of a hand they ra1 one another through the body, so thant both fell wel tering in their blood. The people of the house 0 hearing the bustle ran towards them, but calme too late, and carrying?g them into the house, they both soon after gave up the ghost. The parish bankers intend to have ladies to attend to tlheir banking account books. Pleasant fello.w clerksu, these! Lovers conceal their faults from eachi otheri, and deceive themselves-friends con fess their faults to one another, and pardon. them mutually. A distress for rent should always be avoided: and if you can't get the rent, you had better at all events, not distress your self: A tenant who has nio money should not annoy himuself how he shall raise his rent. It would be better to try and per suade the landlord to lower it.--Punch. Pu)nnin/ Prisoners.-A petition from the inmates of an American prison was lately presented, praying that the Tree of Liberty might be planted within the yard, and each allowed to cut his stick. An 1Ef'fectioe Lauglher.-An editor tells us of an acquaintance of his, who, when lie laughs, ' shakes the room, so that even the spi.lers peep out of their cracks to see what is the matter." When the late John Kemble was one day passing along Chieapside, he was met by two chimney-sweeps; the younger one accosted the elder one thus :-" I say, Bill, there goes a player man." "Oh, don't insult himn, Jack," said the other; " no one knows what anybody may come to." 