PARLIAMENTARY PRIVILEGES. " We are — this house is the people.' W. (J. Wentworth. " You are terrifying yourselves with ghosts and appa. ritions, whilst your house is the haunt of robbers." Edmund Burke. It may appear to some of our readers super fluous to discuss further a question which is practically set at rest as respects colonial legislatures by the decision in the recent Newfoundland case, yet when we consider that but for the accidental discovery of the report of that case three of our fellow- subjects would, in all probability, have been incarcerated without trial ; and further, that in condescending as it were to bring the case .before another tribunal, our representatives still assert the privilege which they were about to exercise so vigorously, and pledge themselves to bring in a bill to legalise and define that assumption ; it may not be amiss that the public should be reminded of what these parliamentary privileges consist, or have from time to time been assumed to be by the House of Commons. The people, who, according to Mr. Wentworth, are identified with the House, will then be better enabled to appreciate the advantages which their patriotic representatives are about to bestow upon them. We are indebted to the Quarterly Review for 1 838 for the following facts illustrative of this important question. i In the year 1679, when Oates and Danger- field and other such worthies, were maddening the nation with their monstrpus fictions,. Charles prorogued the parliament. Shaftes bury, and the popular leaders, got up peti tions to the King to assemble it. The royalists met them with counter addresses to the King, expressing their reliance on his wisdom, and their abhorrence of the practices of the petitioners; and the people were divided into Petitioners and Abhorrers . It should seem that either party had a right to express their opinion on political affairs, but when the Parliament met, "ct majority of the Commons voted the proceedings of the Abhorrers to be a breach of their privileges , and seized and committed to prison great numbers of them from all parts of England ." Worthy pro totype of an honourable House of the present: age! In a case arising out of these proceedings, which was tried beffrre the Court of King's Bench, the two judges who presided at the trial, Sir Francis Pemberton and Sir Thos. Jones, were summoned before the House of Commons, and committed to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms for pronouncing, in their judicial character, the only sentence which, it is now admitted they could as law yers have given. A lesson to all judges to take heed how they tamper with these inhe rent privileges ! In 1621 Edward Floyde committed a breach of privilege by "scoffing" at a certain personage, and was sentenced by the House of Commons — "1. Not to bear arms as a gentleman, nor be a competent witness in any court of justice. 2. To ride with his face to the horse's tail, and to stand on the pillory. 3. To be whipped at the cart's tail 4\. To be fined in «36'500. 5. To be perpe tually imprisoned in Newgate," Who after reading this sentence will deny that " Privilege" is a most effectual means of putting an end to the enormous crime of " scoffing ?" In 1626 Mr. Moor, a member of the House, was sent to the ToWer for speaking out of season . This precedent should be adopted in the new bill, as it would prove an admirable expedient for getting rid of an obstinate voter in any case of an uncertain majority. In 1759 Admiral Griffin made complaint to the House, whereof he was a member, that three men, whose names were stated, had broken into and entered his fishery at Plymouth, and had taken the fish therefrom, and destroyed the nets therein. The House ordered the defendants into the custody of the Sergeant-at- Arms — they were brought to the bar of the House, and there on their knees they confessed their fault and promised never again to offend the Admiral by inter fering with his alleged right of fishery. Upon this confession and promise, they were dis- , charged on paying their fees. \ , This case would afford an excellent prece- j dent for settling boundary disputes between j honourable members and the squatters on ; adjoining stations. ! There are several other precedents alluded to in the work from which we quote. In one j Instance picking a member's pocket was de- clared a breach of privilege, and in another a member's servant who had been committed to prison for getting a woman with child Glaimed and was allowed his privilege ! It is highly to their praise that the Judges of England have always opposed these extra vagant assumptions. Among numberless instances that could be adduced in proof of this honourable fact' is the celebrated case of Stockdale v. Hansard, which may be briefly stated as follows : — :The inspectors of prisons appointed by the Home Secretary, under the 5th and 6th William IT. had presented a "report to the Grown, stating amongst other matters, that they had discovered in Newgate in the possession of the prisoners a certain book published by Stockdale, 1827, which they described as being " of a most disgust iog nature, and the plates obscene and dis gusting in the extreme." The House of pommons ordered this Report to be printed for general sale and circulation, and there upon Mr. Stockdale brought an action against the printers Hansard, for libel. The case Was tried before Lord Denham in -February, 1837. The defence was of course the order of the House, but the, jury decided against the pri vilege although they gave a verdict for the printers on the plea of justification, evidence having been given that the book was, in fact, of the character set forth. In his charge to the jury Lord Denham denied in the most distinct terms, the existence of the assumed privilege, and gave as a reason for being so emphatic, that " if the point were left unsa tisfactorily explained, the judge who sat there might he an accomplice in the destruction of the liberties of the country , and expose every individual who lives in it to a tyranny that no man ought to submit to." After the trial a committee of the House was appointed to examine precedents, a,nd to ascertain the law and practice qf Parliament relative to the sale of papers : and report to the House. The committee reported strongly in favour of the privilege ; gave it as their opinion that it was a " contempt of the privileges of Parliament for any court or tribunal to assume to decide upon matters of privilege and the House forthwith adopted, by a very large majority, a series of resolutions to the above effect. These resolutions were never carried into effect. Lord Denman was never called to the bar of the House. The fifteen judges were unanimously of opinion that the resolutions of the House were contrary to law; and new actions having been com menced against the printers, " it was deemed best and wisest, if not most honourable or most valiant, to back out," and allow them to plead. A review of the above facts will enable our readers to judge of the truth of Mr. Wentworth's assertion that 6i the House is the people ;" and also to form an opinion of the expediency of passing the threatened bill to ascertain and define the privileges of the Legislative Council of New South Wales. 