MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. On Thursday evening Dr. Paton de livered the sixteenth and concluding lecture of the season, " on the cultivation and diffusion of science as conducive to social, political, and moral improvement." On an occasion like the present, he com menced, it may not only be permitted but expected that the special object of the lec ture should be prefaced by a few cursory and incidental but still introductory obser vations. It is the closing lecture of the third session; and whilst I feel it a privilege to be the organ of its expression, I am sure it is no vain-glorious sentiment in which I call on you to join, when lask "are we not fairly en titled to congratulate each other on its une quivocal prosperity?" We can afford to forget the opposition, or, what we considered worse, the indifference we met with at starting, and now confident, not so much in our numbers as in the inherent excellence of our cause, we may venture to unite in say ing "if it is not in mortals to command success, we will do more, we will deserve it." Though our road is not yet strewed with the most brilliant flowers of science, and winds not as yet through a wilderness of literary sweets, we may ever and anon be. picking up by the way something new or elegant, or useful-something to engage our interest, or improve our taste--sonie * The average number of men daily employed at this station cannot be vouched for. thing to elevate our sentiments or enlarge our understandings. There t re, I doubt not, many who though they did not join the exploring.party that set out from the ranks to spy out the way, and bring to us, as best they might, their one cluster of grapes fr*om the goodly borders of this figurative Canaan -many who will now come forward to help us to occupy our little territory of useful knowledge, and push forward those who may procure for us the golden fruits so abounding in that land of promise. When the most eminent in our father land have devoted their energies to such a purpose, shall we, who in everything else are so dis posed to follow in their footsteps, permit ourselves to rest satisfied with an idle con templation of their doings? Shall we suffer ourselves to be engrossed with the selfish ness which would gather into the private closet of our own minds the riches of truth, that should be deposited in the public stores of the community? Civilized man is always progressive as regards the mass, for one generation may be said to start from the point, whether in ethics, literature, art, or science, to which that preceding it had attained. The men existing have ever been moulded and fashioned by the men who existed before. It is the law of providence that our civili sation should come to us from men who have gone before us. Whatever notions may be suggested by our self-sufficiency the end will not fail to show that what we add to the condition of affairs is but little compared with what we borrow or adopt from our predecessors. While we feel there is a past by which we have been greatly in fluenced, we cannot but see that there is a future to which we owe service; and as the father is anxious to give all the knowledge of his day to his children, so should be the man to conmunicate it to the whole co existing generation. An accident-a casual observation-an incidental phenomenon-has often been the means of connexion between facts alto gether isolated before-of filling up and making into one chain the detached links which had long been lying unclosed in the great workshop of truth. As the magni ficent oak whose branches cover the moun tain side, and whose roots and stem bid de fiance to the fury of the tempest, was once but a small acorn, a child might trample into its natal soil: as the broad rivers which fertilise the countries through which they flow, bearing on their bosom the burthen of a thousand ships, until they deepen, and widen into the boundless ocean, would, if retraced, be found to spring from petty, if not obscure sources: as the most I fearful cloud that curtains the sky -rolling its thunder, and flinging its lightning, and spreading desolation and ruin over sea and shore, appeared at first but as a man's hand on the distant horizon-so is it in science. Let us refer to. a few notable instances. A spectacle maker's boy amusing himself one day in his father's shop, by holding out two pieces of glass between his finger and thumb, saw the weather-cock on the church spire turned upside down, and larger than before; this led to the discovery of that in strument which has revealed to us other worlds and other systems. A man in the rain taking shelter under a tree, and lean ing against its trunk, bore away on his gar ment the initials of a former visitor, and this suggested the idea of printing on wooden blocks, afterwards improved upon by the casting of types, and these in their turn now form that mighty apparatus we term " the press." Sir Isaac Newton saw an apple fall from a tree-he had probably seen the same thing a hundred times before -but on this occasion, and from so trivial a circumstance, he was led to speculate, and traced the great influence which causes a pebble to fall to the ground, and a planet to revolve in its orbit. On another occasion, he saw a boy blowing bubbles from a pipe, and his mind was directed to the investiga tion of light and colour. And from such sources sprung that system of philosophy referred to in the celebrated epigram— Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night God said—Let Newton be ! and all was light. What should we deduce from such instances? This: that there is nothing little or indifferent in the facts and phie nomena of natural science. We learn that every one may contribute with ad vantage his mite towards the treasury of the great temple of human knowledge; that it may be the lot of the most humble, or the most eminent, to elicit something that was before a desideratum, or be the cause of its elucidation by another. In science, as in other matters, depending upon general subscription, the smallest donations are ever thankfully received. There is, however, another feature in this work of enlightenment, another element in the orbit of this luminary of our intellectual shpere, which should not be without effect on our calculations and our hopes-its pro gress is not uniform in its periodical amount. Were we to conceive that science is to ad vance, and he diffused according only to the averages of the centuries that have gone, we should belie the conclusions which the experience of our own day has enabled us to form, and blindly reject the reasonable ex pectations it has authorised us to indulge. There are in science, as in literature and the arts, epochs of greater or less notability, whether as respects progress or decline, and we are accustomed to talk of centuries within whose limits certain advances and retarda tions have taken place; but we live in an age wherein the sections must be designated by terms less general, must be measured by a finer index of observation, and in-more fractional parts. [The lecturer dwelt upon the mutual and reciprocal influence of co existing minds, in constant operation, and either by collision or co-operation impress ing itself on the movements in intellectual and social life. He contended that its operation had been widened; its -direction less interrupted; and the true bearings of human destiny more clearly and definitely laid down. The mind of the million had been awakened, and although in the great Be thesda of truth, some special agent will ever and anon be commissioned to move the waters the multitude will be be better prepared for the crisis, less hindered by the impotence of ignorance or prevented by the power of error. He referred also to the mighty en gines at work for this purpose. In lieu of tens there are now hundreds of intelligences each working out in some peculiar depart ment, some termi, or aiding to the formation of a series of terms in the great symbol of truth.] To take a few figurative similitudes from the phenomena of science and couched in scientific language, by way of illustration. The moral world will surely not be left to the law of stable equilibrium, merely oscil lating to and fro; the radius of improve ment will not be subjected to describing equal areas in equal times; the state of so ciety will not only revolve in the course of its movement but be carried forward in space; and if, as some men, of talent are still dubious—Eldons in the privy council of philosophy—would insinuate there is a pos sibility of danger—if so, then the effer vescence of human enquiry will but throw off the mephitic gas of ignorance and give a residuum of truth. The steam power of knowledge will produce no explosion of our social engine, its diffusive tendency guarded and directed by the safety-valve of en lightened intellect—if knowledge were to break in like a flood and carry away the fences and barriers which separate and pro tect the orders of society, it would at the same time carry away the rubbish which had accumulated, and leave behinda fructi fying deposit to repay the temporary evil— if the galvanic battery of the mind, com pounded of human intellect and human passions brought into action by the out pouring of knowledge, were to produce tremors and convulsions in the body politic, the result would be but to nerve the por tions which had been paralysed, or to re duce to a healthy, not a torpid state, those which had been inordinately excited, and thus restore the balance of social electricity. Who will doubt that it is the duty of all who have the means, material, moral, pe cuniary or intellectual, to co-operate in, ad vancing the mental character .of their fellow men, and thus lend a helping hand to the advancement of the whole family of man. From the era, comparatively so recent, when man began to, consider himself less as the mere slave than as the free born minister of nature, what a revolution has taken place, since, with that humility which. springs from true knowledge in place of.the timidity of ignorance, or the rashness of self-conceit, he aspired to the office as his birthright of her priest and interpreter, that he might reverentially unveil, some of her mysteries, and thereby catch fresh glimpses, however dim and distant, of her glorious author. How different from all that was before, is the scene that has opened on our view! Instead of barren generalities-of vague classifications-of maxims formed on mere assumptions, and argument taking its stand on a dogmatical appeal to our helpless ig norance—we find that ithasbeen practicable for the human faculties to attain a know ledge of truths based on a foundation co extensive with the universe, and yet appli cable to the nearest realities. [Dr. Paton here replied to several of the objections advanced against the means pro posed for effeicting the improvement sought and anticipated, and we regret that space will not permit us to print the lecturer's sentiments. As our relport is necessarily abridged, probably this division of the sub ject may be best omitted without destroy ing the connexiun and consecution of the general theme.] Society is now, according perhaps to the best chronology, somewhere about seven Ithousand years old. Its institutions, laws, manners, and usages are the result of that lengthened term of human existence. It is in the nature of man to seek to replace evil by good; what we possess now, defective though it may be, is the fruit of all the generations that have gone before us. The age of society is here mentioned to con trast it with the age of an individual, and to show how mistaken any one must he who is sanguine enough to imagine that within the short space of his own existence, he can devise any system that shall supersede or materially alter the social fabric descended through multitudinous modifications. Yet it must be consolatory and encouraging to think that perchance every effort or endea vour towards improvement may have its reward. The apparent insignificance may result only from the greatness of the under taking, and the smallest additional amend ment to the pile, so vast and complicated, of human association, inny be a service of in estimable price. A philosopher or a patriot, who by the labours of a long life has suc ceeded in removing a single error of edu cation, or morals, or jurisprudence, has done enough to entitle him to be enrolled with honour in the calendar of man's bene factors. Philosophers and patriots are often as extravagant in their way as empirics, and require to be as narrowly watched ; they discover or appropriate a valuable principle, but bring it into discredit by their eager ness to compass all things within its influ ence. They are bigotted in their science, in their one idea, as enthusiastic as sectarians in religion, and frequently as intolerant. The practical evil of such dogmatism is the ambition felt by their respective partisans to solve all moral phenomena by the appli cation of one exclusive principle, while the complicated interests of life require the co operative agency of many. Now, as a member of this body of influ ences, as an agent of this association of means, science does not claim for itself any exclusive title, but maintains that its merits and services are not only beneficial in their character as contributions to the great work of civil and social reformation, but that they form- a prime and essential feature of its progress, and this too under the limitation imposed by the term natural philosophy. If the spread of information had only dispelled superstitions, it would have conferred on humanity an inestimable benefit. If the mysterious agency of ghosts, and witches, and fairies, and those chimneras dire, which under the shape of omens and visions used to haunt men's minds; if those alone had been dispelled, the social and moral ad vantage would be immense. These hallucinations were not the mere phantasies of a visionary mood —arising out of and ending in nothing real or practical—the mere vagaries of a sportful or dis ordered imagination, and barren of consequences. They exercised a most debasing influence on the sentiments, no less than on the intellect of man, and too often alas were the fertile sources of cruelty and crime. Many of the barbarities which stain the annals, whether of ecclesiastical or civil courts and have disgraced the religious worship, and the polity of states, had their origin in an ignorance which was a positive, as well as a negative agent in human conduct. Not only were men unacquainted with the realities and truths of nature ; but they had formed hypothesis and established rules and promulgated deductions utterly inconsistent and baseless ; they had ran- sacked the heaven above, and the earth beneath, and the waters under the earth, for signs and augeries and portents of what was merely fortui- tous in the lot of humanity ; but they also did more; they sought from such sources for reasons and motives of action—leading to the fulfilment of some idle or interested prediction, and impel- ling them to deeds of most appalling atrocity. Wars and persecutions, and torturings were the dismal fruits of ignorance: if the fruit of the tree of knowledge make men as Gods, to know good and evil, verily hath the fruit of the tree of ignorance made, men as demons, to do all that is damnable and detestable. If ignorance were bliss, it would be a bliss allayed with many inconveniences and evils, both physical and mental, from which superior intel- ligence can protect its possessors. But it is a positive evil without a compensating advantage: it not only does not enable us better to bear the ills we have, but it makes us fly to others that we know not of. It degrades the faculties, debases the sentiments, and lowers or neutralises the phy sical energies of man. While one whose mind is enlightened by science, perceives throughout all nature, the most striking evidences of benevolent design of uncontrovert able fitness and adaptation, and contemplates the Deity directing the motions of the world—of our system—of the universe—by fixed and invariable laws—the ignorant and superstitious look on the orbs of heaven, and the meteors of the air with an awful terror, and listens to the roar of thunder, and the war of thme tempest with fearful appre hension of some malicious agency. The one adores the Deity as infinitely wise and benevolent, the other worships, he knows not what—a being —a something—compounded of power and mis chief and caprice. [The lecturer then took a cursory glance at some of the sciences, and of inestimable benefits conferred by them upon the human race. He contemplated astronomy as the grandest field yet opened to the human faculties. The study was fitted to impress the mind with some notion of the greatness of the great first cause; tended to en noble the mind and inculcate humility, stimulates the most ingenions arts, which in their turn supply new fields of discovery and research. He dwelt at length upon its importauce as a moral agent in the civilisation of thme world. He also introduced and eloquently descanited on the ad vantages of other sciences, geology, chemistry, metereology, optics, &c;, but it is impossible in thus condensed account to give illustrations from the Several divisions of natural and physical science to which he referred.] If substantial happiness be chiefly seated in the mind—if a sound mind in a healthy frame be one of its prime essentials—if it consist in the vigorous exercise of our faculties, and depend on the kind or number of the objects which lie within the range of our contemplation—if it be augmented by views of beauty and sublimity and displays of infinite intelligence and power—if it be connected with that tranquility which generally accompanies intellectnal pursuits, and dependent on a subju gation of the pleasures of science to the dictates of reason—then must the mind, enlightened by natural science, enjoy gratification as superior to those of the ignorant, as man is superior in station to the worms of the dust. Such, moreover, is the intimate connexion of the physical sciences that scarcely any one of its divisions can be studied or rightly understood without reference to others; and in this feature of their relationship we discover another means of general improvement. The very discovery which simplifies its process dignifies its power—that which would appear to derogate from its mightiness tends but to magnify its plans and multiply its purposes; so that the study of nature is but the intelligent contemplation of the wisdom and power and goodness of the great first cause of all the phenomena of the universe. To show the influence of the cultivation and diffusion of knowledge on social, political, and moral improvement, would be an interesting un dertaking, but to be done properly would require to be co-extensive with the number and influence of the facts and inductions with which it would have to deal. It surely is unnecessary to prove that the study which embraces within its legitimate limits the influence of religion itself, must, even in the esti mate of the theologian, take the second place amongst the means of this world's regeneration. It sometimes furnishes a greater moving power— a more potent battery—a more effective re-agent in the work of amelioration than even religious instruction, although the latter enforces its pre cepts by the terrors of judicial retribution as well as endeavours to persuade men by the mercies of paternal benevolence. Study shows men that vice and error work out their own penalties, as virtue and knowledge furnish their own rewards. Take the temperance movement—the most re markable moral phenomenon of modern times. And whence were derived the inducements and arguments, proofs, and illustrations, by which its originators and its advocates have been enabled to effect their mighty revolution ? From science! fromn the records and statistics of physical and economic and other science. Chemistry was called on to furnish its analysis of intoxicating drinks. Physiology to explain the functions which would be influenced by their use; and anatomy to record the morbid changes in organs effected by an abuse of them. Medicine and surgery were summoned to testify to the diseases and disabilities resulting from intemperance, and the records of hospitals and mad-houses were given in evidence of its malignant operation on the body and mind. The bills of mortality-the inquests of coroners—the registers of pauperism— the calenders of crime; were all produced in sup port of this testimony. Hosts of witnesses gave practical proof of the destitution and misery the squalid poverty—the hunger—the nakedness —which marked the votaries of intemperance. In short, the laws, the recognised and established principles of social, moral, and political economy, were the ground work and support of a great mission, which will form an era in the history of modern societies. " Knowlege," as an old philosopher remarked, and as has been repeated and re- iterated ever since, " knowledge is power ;" it is power in the highest and most effective sense of the term—a power, too, which as the human intellect advances,' will chain dow n all coarser energies in submission to itself. The high pitch of intellectual power will not, it may be true, be a common case, even on the most liberal hypothesis as to the diffusion of knowledge, but under the inspiring and con trolling influence of a few master-minds, self-sus tained in intelligence and virtue, the multitude will still move onward according to the light which may be shed upon their way. " As fast as the standard of intelligence is raised," says the bishop of Chester, in his records of the creation, " the people will become more and more able to co- operate in any plan proposed for their advantage; more likely to listen to any reasonable suggestion, more able to understand, and therefore more willing to pursue it." History and experience, the whole tenor of national statistics, demonstrate this. The bar barous heresy that the people—the mass—are in their proper sphere only when contentedly subser vient to some superiors, a doctrine libelling at once the nature and the destiny of man, is now seldom put forth in the civilised world, but though not publicly advocated by the philosophers or literati of these days it is too generally acted upon by political and even ecclesiastical authorities, and in many nations there is yet much to be done. A universal Magna Charta must be had for the in alienable rights of humanity. To be consigned in perpetuity as the slaves of those by whom they had first been deprived of vision, was a barbarism inflicted upon prisoners in savage warfare; the analogy is easy—and such will inevitalily be the lot of any people upon whom such doctrines operate, in the form of law and government—a spiritual despotism disavowed by nature, disallowed by experience, and abhorrent to the dictates alike of the reason its tyrants would fain dethrone, and the religion they profess to venerate. Nor are such men merely satisfied with the suppression of knowledge, the neglect of in struction, they have in general labored to super duce an artiflcial fatuity aver the untaught sim plicity of the human intellect, and out of the busy and blind weakness of the human spirit have structures been raised for the demon-worship of error, and altars for the sacrifice of man's dearest rights been erected, but to crush the deluded and miserable worshippers to the earth. " The rulers and ascendant classes," says a celebrated writer, " will one day have learned to esteem it a far nobler form of power to lead an immense com bination of intelligent minds that to command and coerce a great aggregation of brute force. They will cone to feel that it is better for them selves to have a people who can understand and rationally approve their purposes, than one bent in stupid submission or fermenting in ignorant disaffection. And a time will come when it will not be left to the philanthropic speculator alone to make the comparative estimate of what has been effected by the enormously expen sive apparatus of coercive and penal admi nistration, the prisons, prosecutions, transporta tions, and a vast military police ; and of what might have been effected by one-half of that ex penditure devoted to popular reformation, to be accomplished by schools and every practicable variety of methods for effecting that men's un derstandings and conscience shall stand confront ing then in the way, like the angel with the sword, when they are inclined or tempted to go forth." All this will come to pass in due time. Much has already been done in the diffusion of science; the march of intellect is no idle phrase or effete idea, it expresses a living and growing move ment, nor will there be anything to prevent its progress. The electric impulse of intelligence will pass from man to man, and from class to class, and from people to people, without a reduction of its original energy in its lengthened course, but with a constant reproduction, by making every mind through which it passes a new generation of its power. He who runneth may read—in the press—in " institutes"—in societies of every name —in the whole apparatus for the cultivation and diffusion of knowledge—the emancipation and en franchisement of man, and none may fail to be- hold in an intellectual sky the multiplied arch of promise that the waters of ignorance shall never again return to cover the world of mind. A word at parting. There are scientific and philosophic societies—there are economic and be nevolent societies—there are educational and reli gious societies—there are also ecclesiastical insti tutions—all professing for their object the benefit of man. Let us all labour in our vocation— let us each, according to the gift that is in him, aid in the diffusion of knowledge, and in esta blishing the supremacy of truth ; let us gladly co-operate with all who have the same end in view—let us look on each other, not only with charity and indulgence, but with favor and friend ship, and be ever ready to hail with welcome and gratulation all who contribute in any way to the work of popular instruction. We now separate until another season ; in the meantime let us en deavor to advance the interests of our association, that next year the Launceston Institute may be better enabled to cultivate and diffuse sciences which are conducive to social, political, and moral improvement. 