PUSEYITE CONVERTS. WE find uy the Tablet of October 21, that the Rev. Waldo Sibthorpe, (brother to the half-cracked, mustachiod Colonel) who had come over (externally at least) to Catho licity, has returned to his old companions. God forbid that we should judge any. man, or attribute to hint motives other than good: we know no man's heart: but man is frail; and it is nrot at all unlikely thiat'a beneficed clergyman, accustomed to the comforts of good living, should be shocked at the life of a Catholic priest. Chilling worth tried, but would not stand it. There is a good deal of difference between the duty of driving in a carriage to church once a week, and then reading the Rubric, (or perhaps not, if a Curate be kept) or preaching a sermon, and the toilsome duties of a parish priest,--the calls for advice, or for alms, or to visit the sick, with the labour of going to visit them, and other duties of charity, along with the daily ob ligation of reading the Breviary in latin, for about an hour and a half, consisting of Psalms, Hymns, portions of Scripture, prayers, &c.;, &c.;, which never ceases but with life; and the Sunday duties besides, of Prayer, Mass, and Preaching, which commonly is not over until about one o'clock, 'till which time he must be fasting. There is also some little disparity be tween the comfort of a lady chamber-fellow, who will grace the breakfast table with her smiles, and pour oat a gentleman's tea, and ask her dear, whether he would like hot muffins, or crumpets, or buttered toast; or whether he would like his Venison for 'dinner, dressed a la Frangaise or a l'Anglaise; and this all alike through Ad vent, and Lent, and Quarter tenses, and Ember days-there is some small disparity, we say, between this and the priest's frugal menage, who must rigorously abstain, or fast, whensoever the discipline of his Church requires it. We do not say these were Mr. Sibthorp's motives, nor is it much matter : We are only sorry that so much fuss vas made about him. To a sincere convert to Catholicity, display and emblazonment are painful : and a simple statement of the fact is all that is needful or indeed useful. We consider that a great deal too muthl importance altogether has been given to the Puseyite Controversy by Catholics : what are their quarrels to us ? Do we not know that a sect—a set of men who have no prin ciple to guide them but the private judgment of each—will, nay must, quarrel, and split, and reform as long as the religion itself lasts ? Puseyism is therefore only one of its multicolor subdivisions: and a subdivi sion, which we consider by far the most ab surd and contradictory to itself, of any we have read or heard of. It admits most of the great truths of Catholicity, but admits them on a false ground, viz., private judg ment. That private judgment is not a sufficient ground or motive of faith, is evi dent, inasmuch as it teaches contradictions, e. g. through it the Episcopalian finds in the Bible that Christ is God—the Arian finds in the same Bible that he is not God; but yet the first-born of creatures, and be gotten before all worlds. The Socinian finds in the very same Bible that the first are Idolaters—the second false reasoners and corrupters of the truth; and that Christ was a mere man the son of Joseph and Mary, but gifted of course beyond all others, &c.; thus we see, that as what proves too much, proves nothing; private judgment cannot prove the Trinity to a Trinitarian, inas much as that with equipollent force and evidence, it proves to a Unitarian the con trary; consequently if a Trinitarian or a Puzeyite happens to be right, it is not through faith (whose motive is one, uni versal, and uniform ;) but merely through fancy, whim, or chance, leading him to such an opinion. On the whole, then, as a sect, or as reasoners, we hold the Puzeyites very cheap ; no doctrine is more at war with itself; and the principal good we expect from the noise they make, is to excite men to read, think, and enquire whether Christ really left one guide to salvation— or a thousand million of guides :—one un erring Church, conveying down to us the true meaning of the Scriptures, and the mind of Christ as given by the Holy Ghost to the Apostles; or that he left a thousand million of unerring guides, in the judgment of each individual. If a guide in those objects of Christian faith, which eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, be not unerring, it is not safe to follow him: a guide which does, or may. or can mislead us, is not from God: HE cannot contradict himself; but private judgment we have seen, may and does mis lead, as to mysteries of faith, therefore it is not from God: it is a human figment: it cannot be a safe guide: we are not to follow, but eschew it. 