THEOLOGICAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Hobart Town Courier. Hobart Town. 9th November, 1844. SIR-The Catechism and Baptismal Service of the Church of England having been brought forward as a means of arriving at the meaning of the 27th Article of that Church, the following extract from them will perhaps throw the desired light on the subject. In the former we find the following : .. Wherein I was made a Member of Christ, a Child of God," is; here it is declared, in terms as plain as any the English language furnishes, that every person baptised in the Church of England is divinely and saying regenerated made, what he was not before, the real and spiritual Child of God, or, in other words, a true and genuine Christian. Indeed, it is impossible to state, in terms more plain and significant, the conversion, adoption, and eternal safety of any true believer in the world. Subsequent parts of the Catechism distinctly inculcate the same doctrine, such as "I heartily thank our Heavenly Father that he hath called me to this state of salvation, through Jesus Christ our Saviour, and I pray God to give me his grace that I may continue in the same unto my life's end. Christ IihiIi redeemed me and all mankind. The Holy Ghost sanctified me and all the elect people of God. For be i eg by natu be born in sin, and the children of wrath, we are hereby made the children of grace." In the hitler, several passages confirm the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration. To make this plain, let us notice the language of the Church : 1\. The explanation of this doctrine.--" Forasmuch as all men are conceived and born in sin, and that our Saviour Christ saith, none can enter into the Kingdom of God except he be regenerated, and born anew of water and the Holy Ghost, fice. . . Ye have prayed that our Lord Jesus Christ would vouchsafe to receive him, to release him from his sins, to sanctify him with the Holy Ghost, to give him the Kingdom of Heaven and everlasting life." This is Baptismal Regeneration. 2\. The Prayer for obtaining it.-" We call upon thee for this infant, that he coming to thy Holy Baptism may receive remission of his gins by Spiritual Regeneration. . . Give thy Holy Spirit to this infant, that he may be born again, and be made an heir of everlasting salvation, through our Lord Jesus Christ. . . Sanctify the water to the mystical washing away of sin, and grant that this child now to be baptised therein may receive the fullness of thy grace, and ever remain in the number of thy faithful and elect children.'' 3\. The confidence of successes have heard that our Lord Jesus Christ hath promised in his Gospel to grant all things that ye have prayed for; which promise he, for his part, will moslsurely keep and perform. . . Doubt ye not there are, but earnestly believe that he will likewise favourably receive this present infant, that he will embrace him in the arms of his mercy, that he will give unto him the blessing of eternal life, and make him partaker of his eyes lasting kingdom." 4\. The accomplishment of the oAjfct.-" Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that this child is regenerate and grafted into the body of Christ's Church, let us give thanks to Almighty God for these benefits. . . We yield thee hearty thanks, in ii a I merciful Father, that it hath pleased thee to regenerate this infant with thy Holy Spirit, to receive him for thine own child by adoption, and to incorporate him with thy Holy Church." It is plain, from the above extracts, that what ever sense may be put upon the 27th Article, ii read in connexion with the Catechism and Bap- tismal Service, the meaning conveyed must be Baptismal Regeneration, on which doctrine I will give the sentiments of a few eminent clergymen. Bishop Jewel.-" Verily, to ascribe felicity, for the remission of sins, which is the inward work of the Holy Ghost, unto any manner of outward action whatsoever, is a superstitious and gross error." Rev. T. Scott.-" If Baptism and being burn again be terms of the same meaning, and if the one invariably accompany the other, so that all who are rightly baptised are regenerate and mine else ; then all who die unbaptised, even infants, as well as others, all over the earth, and in every age of the world, without exception, are shut out of Heaven." Rev. Mr. Biddulph.-" This doctrine is full of danger to the souls of men." fit. E. H. Head" The doctrine that infants are regenerated by Outward Baptism is clearly forbidden in Scripluie."-Yuur obedient servant, llIORN. 