APPLICATIONS FOR CERTIFICATES. (From Hie Government Gazette.)' The following Insolvents intend to apply for their Certificates : — ^ f'te ' On tho, 4th July next: William -Barlow, Goorco,' Weeks, Jolm Leathloan. Samuel Cutler. lliomas llainmond, Patrick Hickoy, Alfred Hill Jnques, Richard Lamb, Robert Murray, James Wade, Arthur Devlin, Hannah IBdteman. On, tho Hth July next : Arthur Macalistcr, Benjamin Robert Sullivan, James Reynolds, John 'Webber Millot, Thomas Nimo, and John Caldwoll, Vernon Charles Francis ','? Wilson, William Meadows Brownrigg. ..-, ? .'...?' On tho 18th July next : Jamos Watson, Ed ward Lord, Goorgo Payne, William Yates/'T.' C. Waldron, Henry White. On tho 2Bth July noxt : Samuel Owens, Hugh Konnedy, John Collio, James Waller, George Louis Poignand, William Patey Peok, George Joseph Thompson. On tho 1st August: John Gray, John Fearn loy, Elizabeth Henriotta Forbes, William Will mington, Samuel Bailey Dowsott. ' On tho 8th August: Edward John Finch. Casper Mftrks. ? ' ?, - , On tho ICth August : Jamos Dole. ? -D- ? SiNqoLAn. CoiNcimcNCE. — Just over the board affixed to tho gateway dirocting to the District Council Offices, in Georgo-stroot, thoword 'Nuisance'' is lettered in .very logiblo and prominont characters. ..;-,.', .:*v'' Breach of Privilege.— -On Saturday afternoon Mr. Lowe, M.C., accompanied by three other honorable Members of the Le gislative Council: namely, Adolphus Young, Esq. the Hon. Mr. Riddle, arid Dr. Nichol son, applied for a warrant against three Justices of the Peace ; namely, Alderman Mucdermott, C.aptain Moore, and Dr. Mac farlane, to have them bound over to the peace, and thereby prevent future hostili ties ; in consequence of an interview they had sought with the honorable Member from Horbury Terrace at an early part of the same day, relative to 'some remarks intro duced into the speech of the lion, member during the debate in Council on the previous evening, reflecting, personally, on the cha racter of Alderman Macdermott, of which they peremptorily demanded an immediate explanation. The hon. member declining to aflbid the satisfaction demanded, and re questing them to retire from, his chambers, they as peremptorily refused to be turned out, and attacked him in a tone and stylo of language which'induced the hoh. member to seek tho advice of his hon. friends, and adopt the, course they recommended. The offen sive remarks in the hon. member's speech insinuated that Alderman Macdermott had been blackballed at the Australian Sub scription Library, when he applied for ad mission as a mombor, and imputed to that circumstance the line of conduct Dr. Lang thought proper to adopt on a late occasion with regard to tho management of the Com mittee of that Institution. EmbaiuiassingIntroduction. — On Fri day afternoon, the whole of the police con stables of Sydney were marched up to tho G-uol'at Woolloomooloo, and introduced, one by ono, to the acquaintance of the worthies under committal for trial ut tho present Sessions, so that, if in the event of any of them escaping conviction;.; their characters and personal appearances -might be known to evory constable in the force. , ; Iron Cove Bridge. — Our attention has been drawn to tho dilapidated and dangerous state of Iron Cove Bridge, on the JPurra inatta Road, the hand-railing having been broken .down and carriod away, whereby the lives of man and beast are daily exposed, to imminent peril. ? . ,' . .- *? The Weather. — Owing to the preva enco of sharp south and south-west gules, during the week, , severe colds and coughs, attended with dicerrhoa and dysontory, have bopn much complained of, and, in 'one or two instances, they have terminntod fatally. Wo would therefore rooommond females, and others of delicate constitutions, to be careful in venturing out at night, without being well fortified against the weather, with warm inside clothing ; and, above all things, to avoid sitting in places exposed to draughts. . City Council. — -A Meeting of the Coun cil of the City of Sydney will bo holden at the Town Hall, this day, 1st of July,' at three o'clock in the afternoon. Orders of the Day : — 1. To receive . Reports from the Chairmen of Committees. 2. To receive such Memorials and Petitions as may be presented. 3. To proceed with the business standing over, of which notice has been given. 4. To consider tho Police Report and Estimate for the half-year ending 31st December, 1844. 5. To consider tho Me morial of the Inhabitants of Church-hill and its neighbourhood, praying for gas-light in Harrington-street, Church- hill, and Cluir lotte-plano, the- exponses of which the Memorialists proposo to bear by assessment. 05\. To appoint a Whurfinger for the Market Wharf. The Chief Justice of4 Hongkong. — The gentleman, John Walter Hul mo, Esq., ivho has been appointed, to this important situation, is well known . to' tho legal pro fession as joint editor, with his father-in-law, the late Joseph Chitty,'Esq.'(of whom it has been said a sounder tind-abler lawj'er never sxistud, and in private life a'sincurer friend never lived), of * lute editions of several of tho lattor gentleman's numerous lecal works.' The, salary oi the situation is £3,000 per annum. A high complonjont has been paid to Mr. JTulme, on his appointment, to tho office, ho having boon selected from a list Of upwards of two hundred applicants.1 He was to leave London nnd proceed to Hong kong in company with the Governor (Mr. Davis), by tho overland mail, on tho 1st of Murch last. — Extract from an English letter. Education.- — A Meeting ol the Mem bers of the Congregation of the Scots Church, Pitt- street South, in this City, was held in tho Church on Wednesday, evening last, for tho purpose of raising funds to orect two school-rooms and a teacher's dwolling houso. ? Tho Church was well filled ; George Fullerton, Esq., M.D., one of tlio Trustoes, occupied the chair. Eloquent and appro priate addresses on. the importance of edu cation were delivered by tho Chairman and Mr. John. Davis ; after .which, nearly two hundred pounds ?'were contributed,, towards the erection of tho buildings.* -'Of 'this sum throo *'*.' individuals : gavo £140, viz; — Dr. Cuthill, £50 ; the Chairman, £50 ; and another person' £40. The .meeting was opened' with prayer by the Rov.; Dr. Fullbr ton.and closed with . ,prayer: by';tho-*R6v. ?Irving Hethringtoti, of . Singleton.- ?; ' School of Arts.— -Mr. S; P. Hill,- who ir already 'favourably known to the colonial public by his contributions to the Australian temple of pgjfisy, gives a Locture on Oratory, this e,venin|ff&ui; the Theatre, of the Insti tution. At a moment when the art of rhe toric appears in much roquoBt amongst our local politicians, tho subject cliosun by Mr. Hill will possess unusual' interest, and trust ing' that he will not fail to warn his hearers against tho fascinating vice of long speeches, wo wish him a crowded uudionoo, and all the success which his untiring industry ori titlos him to. 4 . - Sale at Mr. Lyons Mart this day. Mr. Lyons soils this day at. his Mart, 7020 sheep, running at Boardy Plains, with right of station; 2101 ditto, running at the Cla-' ronco, with ditto; 4100 ditto, running on the road to Mudgee, about 120 miles from Sydney, with ditto. Also, 16 bulos skin wool, and 10 balos hogget wool. About 10 casks tallow, and 11 casks colonial beef, and wines, porter, aje, dutnugud wool bugging,' und 1 case of fur boas and mud's. ? * Theatricals. — This evening, at the Victoria, the lovers of the drama are to have presented to them the new Burletta, by Mr. Nagle, never performed on any stage, entitled 'Shaksperi Conglommorofunnidogam- moniae.' We have read this colonial pro- duction, and think, as we have before ex- pressed our opinion of his dramatic abilities, that the author may be regarded as an amusing writer for the stage, and profitable to those who cater for public amusement ; and provided the dramatis personae be well up in their respective parts, this new musical Extravaganza must draw a full house. Shylock is to dance and sing, alterna- tely, ' Jim along Josey ;' and the Ghost of Hamlet — merry fellow — is to dance " an Irish Jig!'' The principal characters will be sustained by Messrs. Simmons, Lazar, and Simes, and Mesdames Louise and Torning. After the above, the curtain will rise to the laughable Farce of The Review, or the Wags of Windsor ; Looney Mactwolter by Mr. Nesbitt, who will sing ' The Boys of Kilkenny.' The comic Drama of My Uncle Toby will close the evening's enter- tainments. We must not forget to say a word relative to The Fortunes of Smike, which was performed for the first time on Thursday last, and repeated on Saturday evening.- Smike was well sustained by Mrs. Mereton ; indeed, her personation of that heart-broken character, in our opinion, equalled at least, if it did not excel, Mrs. Cameron's, who, it will be recollected, played that character in the first dramatised portion of ' Nicholas Nickleby.' Deering, too, as old Ralph, we liked better than Groves ; but Fenton, as Newman Noggs, did not please us as well as Falchon, Rather personal — Mr. Thomas Armat, of Naches, speaks thus of the Editor of The Grand Gulf Advertiser : — " I have only to say, that I pronounce him to be a base liar, an infamous and known scoundrel, a vile slanderer, a filthy calumniator, and a most despicable villain !" 