The Buller scheme of Colonization. Our last weeks notice of this scheme left off with that part of Mr. Buller's speech wherein he states that a laud-tax, whether payable in money, or in land; would not be speedy enough for him, us a means of putting the Crown into possession of the wild lands owned by private individuals. And he goes on to give the outline of a plan by which he considers this object might be better ef fected. He says : — M A plan for this object has been suggested, of which I ! will brtctiy state in the outline, for the purpose of its being fully considered both here and in Canada. The govern ment might at once determine to take into its own hands the whole of the wild lands in Canada, compensating the proprietors for the present value of them. For this pur pose a general valuation of all the appropriated wild lands of the province would be the first step uecissary ; a pro cess doubtless requiring some time and expense, but nothing like what the mention of a general valuation siig gests to us in this^country. For it would be wrong, as it would be impossible, in Canada to fix a special value on each acre. The value of an estate there is mainly deter mined by considerations of position and general character, which apply to vast extents of territory j and every valu ation, therefore, must be framed on a large scale. The 1 resent value of all those lauds might easily be ascertained ; for though, it all were brought into the market now, they v.ou d prol ably not sell at all, still there h in every district (junada a price which it is calculated tkat a purchaser ?wishing to buy any particular lot would give for it, and be low which the proprietors would generally entertain no of fer of purchase. This would be the value ; but it should be provided, as 1 think is just in all cases of compulsory appropriation lor public purposes, that the compensation should always equal any sum actually paid for the land by the present proprietor. The value might be aB much high er as the valuers might thiuk.that altered circumstances 'had rendered just ; but the price actually paid by the ex isting proprietor should always be tiie minimum of the Talue placed on his estate. The proportional interest of each proprietor of wild lands being thus ascertained, I do not propose that Hie government, on tuking the land, ?hould compensate him by an actual payment of the es timated purchase money. For recollect what the actual value of the land to those proprietors is. It is totally uh productivc j it brings no rent ; t,o money can be raised on ii, even by way of mortgage, it i.as a kind of fancied value in the market j but even tlii« value is u deferred one. At the present rate of settlement lite proprietor cuni.ut count on getting anything from his In nil for many long years. In taking the wild land, therefore, we may fairly say that the govern ment takes thut which brings in no present income, aud cannot at present be sold. If the government, in taking the land, entires to the proprietor a payment of its value at hb early a period as he would get it in if left in his own possession, he is no loser : if tiie go vernmeut, having got possession of his wilderness, cum uy means of a sound and vigorous system of colonisation, sell the lund faster than he could, he is a uaincr. I should propose, therefore, to pay the proprietor by debentures in a laud stock, of which the total amount should consist of as many pounds m there would bo in the total estimated value of the property resumed ; and of which each pro prietor's share should tie of the amount at which his own lauds were estimated. On these debentures I would pay* no interest, because 1 see no justice in a churn fur interest v, here the property taken brings in no income. But hs the government sold the laud it ahould puy eucli purchaser a dividend, until the whole stuck was paid off. Thus, sup pose there to be 14,000,000 ot acres of surveyed ami ap propriated but wild land in t/(-|»er Canada ; and that the value of this were to be taken at four millions— I have reully no reason for fixing this value, but take it quite ur bitrarily, because I must take some number — 1 would create a stock of four millions. Suppose one proprietor has 10,000 acres valued at l/.a-piece; another, aha 10,000 acres estimated at 2*. a-piece. Tiie first should have 10,000/. of the stock, the latter 1,000/. Neither should receive interest ; but, supposing 100,000/. lo be got in the year by land sales, over and above prior charges on the proceeds, I would apply this sum to pay off the stock, which I should thus reduce 2J percent., und the first pro prietor would get 250/. and the latter 25/. If the land sales ptoduced an applicable futid of 1,000,000/., u quarter of the whole stock would be paid off, and the first propri etor would get 2,500/. and the second 2501. (Hear, hear.) My argument to recommend this to the proprietors would' be very simple. 1 should say lo them that by this ar rangement they would get as much as they can ever ex pect under the present system to get for their estates ; thut in the hunds ot the government, vigorously employing it self to give a value to those luuus by a sound system of / (tit-pos-ing of them, and by a large measure of colonisation, | the whole price would be much sooner got than it could be realized by the absentee proprietois ; and that whereas thpy now get uo amtiiu] return, oech proprietor would, in proportion to the government tflk-s, and without any ex ertion on his own part, get an annual instalment of greater ; or lets amount. 1 should further remind them, that, ut ' any rate, by this arrangement they would bee u re them selves the original purchase money of their land, and i something more if the present value was greater than the original cost ; and that if things are left us they are, they \ will infallibly, according to the general practice of North Ameticu and the received notions of public justice current there, be subjected to a wild land- tax, imposed either by general or by niuncipal authority, which will more or less rapidly take their estates from them without any compen sation at all. The arrangement, there/ore, is one which mart be advantageous to them. (Hear, hear.) The ad vantage to the public would be, that the government would thus get the whole of the granted wild lands into its hum! ; and might establish a pluu for giving an incrcut-c-i value to them and its other lands by u sound system of disposing of them, (subject to no obstruction from private cotu pe- tition, and by applying the surplus proceeds to promote ex tensive colonization.' Now although Mr. Buller, in giving this out line of his plan, refers particularly to Canada, there can be no doubt that he intends it to apply equally to the Australian colonies; and us such J rve shall treat it. Before Mr. Buller talks of not making an u actual payment in money' for the land to be given up, because such laud is of no value, he ought to tell us what he means by ' wild lands.' The wild lands of Canada, and Australia, differ widely in character. The former are so heavily timbered as to be scarcely penetrable, and are, it may be admitted, of no value until cleared. The latter consist universally of open forest country, and are at least of value for the purposes ut grazing, supporting as they do countless herds of sheep and cattle, which are profitable in many ways. Yet Mr. finller tells us that private in dividuals giving up these sheep and cattle runs, in order to make a provision for the starving poor of Great Britain, are not entitled to ready pay ment for them because they are unproductive ! if such lands as these are thrown out of consider ation, what lands does Mr. Buller admit to be of ' value?' probably he would call all lauds ' wild lands,' — and declare them consequently unpro ductive, — which are not shut in by a ring-fence, and subjected to a regular rotation ot crops, and the other refinements of a severe system of agriculture. But in thus decrying the value of colonial wild- lands, does not Mr. Buller see that he is passing a heavy censure upon his friends in the colouial office, who refuse to bell any, even the very worst of it, for less lhau £1 per acre, and whose very object, in thus striving to get it back, is, to sell it at that price, or tor as much more as fools or knaves will give for it. But let us come to the notable scheme which is to supersede the necessity of a wild-land tax. This may be stated to be, the surrender, — whe- ther compulsory or voluntary does not appear to be yet settled, — by the private owner of his lands to the Crown, upon certain or rather upon un certain chances of future payment ; the Crown promising to sell the land tor the owner as soon as it possibly can, and to hand him over the pro ceeds, after deducting all the charges of export ing a certain number ot British paupers, and all other incidental expenses. In the meantime he is to be the happy holder ol a worthless piece of paper calico1 a debenture, which is to represent tho value of his land, estimated at some arbitrary standard yet to be fixed upon. Thus: let us suppose that one of our settlers having 1000 acres, surrenders it to the Crow n, or is compelled, by the operations of tiie home *' power of' unre stricted legislation,' to give it up ; and suppose it to be accepted at the value of £1 per acre. He would then have a claim upon the ' land stock' for JilOOO ; but the claim is one thing, getting the tuoiK-y another. If the Crown is lucky enough to sell a quantity of laud in any otic year sufficient to pay expenses, and leave a surplus, that surplus, whatever it may be — and Mr. Buller has taken it at 2£ per cviii — will be appli ed to the reduction of the land-stock, and the .£1000 claimant would have iJ*25 written oft' on tiie back of hia debenture. We leave our rt-udei * to calculate how long, at this rate, it would take to clear off the whole debt, bearing in mind that no interest whatever is payable on the debentures. This is the best view of tiie case ; now Hike it die oilier way. Let us suppose, thut (he down due* not effect land sules to the extent required, or to any extent ut all; and this, with our past and present experience, is by Jar the more raxsouubie supposition. In this colony tiie, Crown hu6 sold no land for the last two years, and what reason is there lo believe that it will be mote eucceesiul for the future? except indeed through a reduction of price which does not appear in any way probable. Look then 'At the position wf the proprietor of this laud stock! he wilt have parted with his land nominally for .£1000, not one shilling of which lias lib the ghost of a cliuucu oi e\er iceemng, lor in the presumed absence of land pales, big ttc bcntuie is of no more value than if it were a promissory uoteofE. G Wakefitld, or sin I. O.V. of Mr. Buller himself, both of which document* we1 should consider as highly exceptionable se curities. In few words, as the laud will never be sold, so the debentures will never be redeemed. It is true that the settler, thanks to the injurious operation of the high price, might find it equally difficult, or impossible, to sell his laud himself ; but he might be able to put it to some use ; ho might graze sheep upon it, or let it at some rent, however small ; or ut the very worst he might erect a iiut, und live upon it himself, thereby ckeing out an existence, scanty if Mr. Buiier pleases, but not more precarious than an existence to be derived from the chance of receiving £&- avcry 25 years, which i» a fair average of the delightful progjiect held out to him by Mr. Bullur'o plan of compensation. But mark the atrocious injustice of the plan in another respect. Uy it the whole expense of emigration is to be borne by the colonies. The colonial wild-lauds, — whether those still unyrant td by the Crown, aud which the Crown only holds as trustee Jot the public, and especially fur the colonial public, or those which have been ac quired by individuals by a lavish expenditure of itieir money, and even of their blood, are to be made exclusively chargeable with the expenses — ot what / why of clearing out the British poor houses, aud of providing an asylum for the starving wretches whom British mat-legislation has first made destitute, and then throws for io lioi' on the resources of others. The leading prin ciple which runs through all the colonizing plans in the Mother country, is the avoidance of ex pense to herself in the exportation of those whom, were it not for the colonies, she must support uu profitably ut home. Starting upoti tins selfish utid unjust principle, — whicii has been many limes cotubattcd in this journal, — the home legis lators find no difficult)' in reconciling their con sciences to the propriety ot saddling tiie colonies with the whole of the expense; wiiereas, it the share of cost is lo be in proportion to the benefit received, that of the Mother country ought to be at least three fourths of the whole. We may here ask Mr. Buller how he proposes to obtain tiie surrenders of lund which lie states are so necessary to the carrying out of his plan. To suppose that our settlers wuf ever part with their property voluntarily on the terms proposed, is lo buppose that they are so many luoJs; and how else he can put the Crown into possession, except by a measure of summary confiscation, will require a person more fertile in expedient* than we are, to divine. From a man viio has shown such utter want of principle, and of respect tor private rights, as Mr. Jiutter has in his ar gument in favour oi a land-tax, we may look tor injustice to any extent, and accordingly we should not be much aurpribed to hud lam auvocaimg the passing ot a legislative enactment declaring Cite possession of w uU-Umds in the colonies by private individuals to be a public nuisance, and making them revert lo the Crowti. This plan would at least have boldness to recommend, u, and, in bo far, would be preferable to his sneaking laud-tux. j Mr. Buller's argument proceeds ou Uns piiu j ciplc lliul aB lauds have luiui granted in lccivkoa profusion, so they may now betaken away again without any regard to private rights ; and he lays all the blame at the door of the uti fortunate gran tee, whom he so unscrupulously proposes to rob. But admitting this reckless profusion, whose fault was it? not that of the grantee surely, who whatever the extent of his lands, did not obtain them Purreptiriou«ly, but who bought and paid tor them, ;u the prices, and on the conditions, ex acted by i he Crown itself. In the settlement of this colony, at. all events, tho Crown itself held out, as an inducement, the fancied cheapness of tin; laud, and the supposed facilities of obtninti g it, and if there was anything wrong in the method of granting, the Crown is alone to blame, while Jlr. Buller insists that ihe already rgregiously duped grantee alone should suffer. But the thing is all of a piece — injustice, selfishness, and absurdity from first to last. Even supposing that the grants had not been made with the al leged ' reckless profusion,' would the govern ment have done better with the lands than we Imvrdone with them? It may very reasonably he doubted ; for what has it done with the lands that still r- mainod under the control of theCrown? why placed such a price upon them as has completely deterred all purchase, and consequent ly prevented all improvement. After such a sample of management, it is anything hut certain that the Crort-n would have done better wilh the lands than the grantees themselves have done. And now, Mr. Buller haring staled his plan for getting batk ihe land from the grantees, we will state ours ; which we flatter ourselves is as much more simple, as it is more honest. If the Crown thinks it necessary to get back the lands which have been granted, it should but them ; not with debentmes never to be redeemed, but whhactua money. Even as a question of profit —which is sure to be the most taking view with John Bull — the purchase would be found a good i speculation. We will venture to say that there is scarcely a settler among us who would not sell i nine- tenths of his land for 5s. an acre, and be glad to get it. The Crown says that the whole of this land is worth £\ per acre, nay more, that it pan sell it for £1 , if only it can get possession of it ; so that the Crown would thus be a gainer of 15s. per acre by the transaction. Neither do we think that our settlers would be so exacting ns to require all the money to be paid down at once ; on the contrary we have no doubt they would be quite satisfied wiili a ready payment of liaif the amount, the other half to be paid at the end, of a certain Jixed term, say ten years, with interest in the meantime at ten per cent. Such a plan as this would be fair and reasonable. And we are not without something like a precedent for if. At the time when the voice of humanity nobly declared that there should be no more trading in human flesh, what did the people and the ^o e nment of England ? they offeied com pensation to those whose property was taken away from them ; they paid the master for his slave, not with swindling debentures, but with bona, fide coin, twenty millions of money being granted to the slave, holders. Surely the right of a master to his slave, to the flesh and blood of his fellow man, was not greater or stronger than is the right of the grantee of lands to the acres he has purchased. How can the people of England give compensation for the loss of what was ab horred alike by God and man, and refuse ii for the destruction of vested rights which were acquired in perfect accordance with the laws of both. We are well aware that this our plan is much too expensive to be popular i» England, but at least it cannot be objected to on the score of justice, and honesty ; while that of Mr. Buller is a perfect outrage upon both. In conclusion we will refer Mr. Buller to the justly celebrated resolutions passed by our Legis lative Council in December 1842, as containing the germ of a very much better system of col onization than wiry he is likely to devise ; and wr only hope that he will at least read them, which is more than Lord Stanley, with all his parade of interest for the colonies, lias conde scended to do. Since the passing of these reso lutions we have had the benefit of another year's experience, which has only added to the proof of the injustice, impolicy, and absurdity, of the high price, and, consequently, of the necessity of a reduction. 