STATE OF THE COLONY. CONDUCT OF GOVERNMENT. . If anything were wanting to prove the apathy of the Government to the present distressing condition of the colony, the proceedings of the present Session of the Legislative Council abundantly supply it. Ostensibly convened to carry on the important business of legislation, but really to pass the Estimates, an address must be delivered by the Lieutenant-Governor and what kind of an address has His Excellency pronounced from his elevated position at the Council Board ? One, which from its tem- prizing character, its begging and blinking the important questions which have driven the colony to its present state of appalling destitution, has offended, if not insulted, the common sense of all thinking people. They expected from the well-known character and abilities of Sir Eardley Wilmot some palpable demonstration of the existing distress, with a tangible proposition for its remedy and removal and what have we had in lieu of this statesman-like proceeding ? A dis- course on the future prosperity of the colony, which must, in the natural course of events, at some long distant period be established ! And even the very causes of this " permanent prosperity in future are somewhat questionable, as we showed in our last number for " facts," as Captain Fenton said, -i^r^tubbonithinBs/Vnndnottobe^w " mine of wealth," will be found, as matters now stand, too expensive for the working. But even this, bad and unsatisfactory as it is, is exceeded in cool self- complacency by the declaration of the Colonial Secretary, in reply to Captain Fenton's plain and distressing exposition of the present state of our agriculturists, of those fortunate persons who have the handling of this " mine of wealth." When Captain Fenton stated, fairly and explicitly the ruinous condition of the large majority of landowners, ground down by fearfully usurious interest-be- numbed by the low price of every article of stock and produce-the riches which this " mine of wealth is to pour into our lap, by the very uncertain process of probation dear labour when Captain Fenton, we say, placed all this in luminous but sad detail before our Colonial Senate, what did the Colonial Secretary say ? Why, that the honourable member had made a large ex- aggeration of the existing distress and its lamentable results. " I see no such alarm- ing distress," said the Colonial Secretary, " as is so dismally depicted by the honorable member opposite. I am in frequent communication with gentlemen of all kinds, and I do not hear of all this distress and ruin : I see large and handsome houses rising up before me. (the honourable member doubtless alluded to the buildings now in course of erection by Mr. J. James, at the corner of Murray and Collins-streets and the persons with whom I converse do not affright me with such appalling ac- counts." Very possibly they do not, and that the Colonial Secretary, with a " large and handsome" salary of twelve hundred pounds per annum, can feel, in the slightest degree, the dreadful pressure of the times, is of course out of all question, except indeed by the benefit which he, in common with all the other salaried officials, receives from the low prices of all necessaries, and indeed of many luxuries. The Colonial Secretary, with this " large and handsome" salary-with every comfortable luxury that affluence can produce-with as easy a situation as any paymaster of the Government with eight or nine clerks, and an Assistant Secretary to do the work with no cares on his mind- not even that of carrying a vote on the estimates, or any thing else, in our farce of a Senate, with the only earthly toil of riding to his office in the morning, and then riding back again in the after- noon being the second officer of the government to boot-how one so prosperous and so happy can know of the misery and distress which overshadow the length and breadth of the land, is a problem that needs the aid of no ghost from the grave to solve. That he does not feel this, then, we know ; but ought he not, as his Excellency's prime minister, to have made himself thoroughly acquainted with facts and circumstances, which to every one else are, alas ! too plain, palpable, and tangible ? Surely Mr. Bicheno cannot be so dull as to imagine, like the child, who shut his eyes, that every one else was in the dark : a Fellow of the Royal Society, an author of some repute too, upon matters of practical import, ought certainly to possess the quality of common sense, and not attempt to stultify facts so notorious and so lamentable, by a decided negative, in the very face, too, of the whole colony. We do not think Captain Montagu would have acted in a manner so dis satisfactorily and we cannot but look upon this inattention to the real interests of the colony, as-a sorry compliment to the intelligence, the energy, and the industry of its inhabitants. We must view this matter also in another unfavourable aspect, as tending, namely, to impair the popularity of the Lieutenant Governor. Ardently professing an eager desire to promote the advancement of this " interesting colony," confessing himself to be personally interested in the welfare of the agriculturist, and acknowledging, at the same time, what he had intuitively perceived, the distressed state of the colony, Sir Eardley expressed an earnest anxiety to remedy existing evils, and to confer all the benefit in his power upon the people committed to his charge. And how has the Lieutenant-Governor done this good work ? By an implicit adherence to " orders from Home," having anything but the welfare or advancement of the colony for their object. Much as we esteem Sir Eardley Wilmot in his private capacity as a gentleman of honor and intelligence, we are imperatively called upon ungracious as the task may be-to point out to him any errors he may commit in his government and we do this the more readily because it is precisely such a person as Sir Eardley, who is the more ably qualified to carry out his instructions in strict conformity with the despatches which convey them. We have already shown, weeks since, that Sir Eardley has no power of his own ; we have the more deeply to regret, therefore, that he should be so ably qualified to carry into effect the power of a distant, if not a tyrannical ruler. 