THE BISHOP OF TASMANIA'S, SEVENTH LECTURE. - - ] THE text from which the Bishop addressed the congregation in this lecture was Luke, 5th chap , 21st verse-" Who can forgive sins but God alone ?" He referred to the previous evening's discourse, when he had treated- of, some parts of the doctrine of separate held by the Church of Rome. In its conception of the nature of the obligation of contrition, the Church of England agreed with it; but on auricular confession it differed widely. While the Church did not reject one burdened and bound with the pressure of his sins, it did not enjoy any one to come to it, because this was not enjoined in Scripture, nor was it the practice of the Primitive Church. That it was not Scriptural, Scripture might be taken to prove that it was not according to the usage of the Primitive Church was also provable-in fact auricular confession was not enjoined even in the Church of Rome until the 4th Lateran Council in 1215. He proposed to submit to his hearers a question intimately connected with that of auricular confession, absolution question inseparably connected with it. From first to last Scripture dealt with the subject of the sinner's absolution. It told us of the universal spectacle of sin which presented itself to God when He looked upon the earth-it told of divine wrath as the consequence of this state of sin-it spoke of Christ's coming to preach and to fulfil the work of absolution-of John the Baptist preceding our Saviour afterwards of the Apostles taking up their master's heavenly lessons and continuing his preaching, in which salvation and repentance were connected, the one as being dependant on the other. The words of St. John's Gospel, " Whosesoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them and whosesoever sins ye retain, they are retained it was well known to the youngest student of divinity were those on which the Church of Rome founded its pretensions to forgive or retain sins. In order to understand these words, however, it was necessary to take the whole passage in which they appeared into consideration. His lord- ship proceeded to do this, by quoting from a work published shortly prior to his appointment to the spiritual care of the Church in this colony, and which was the fruit of his own theological study. In this work his lordship approved of the opinion of distinguished theo logicians, quoted by him, that the power was conditional-the conditions being expressed in the original passage, that Christ is with those exercising it in other words, that they are his true and proper followers, and moreover the power of absolution granted was declaratory only, and not judicial. The power of punishment with which the Church absolutely was in- a vested merely went to the extent of depriving its members of their Church privileges and the notion involved in the doctrine of the Church of Rome was unheard of in primitive times, and by Thomas Aquinas was only brought forward as a question. His lordship next adverted to the practice of the English Church, which alleged Scripture and the usage of the Primitive Church in its justification. The absolution recognised by her proceeded on the assumption of repentance on the part of the recipient, and it was regulated by the authority and words of Christ ; it made of no account the authority of the priest. In her service it is not I (the priest,) but God who is spoken of as for giving. For proof of this he referred to the acknowledged and authorised formularies of the Church. The Articles were silent on the subject ; therefore reference must be made to the service in the Prayer Book. The passage in the Ordination Service of the Church of England was often much mistaken, but it was a fair principle that one portion of a book should be taken to explain another. Connected, then, with the authority to remit sins alleged in the Ordination Service in these words : " Receive the Holy Ghost for the office of priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of my hands whose sins thou forgive, they are forgiven and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained we should refer to the form of absolution which occurs in the Prayer Book. That form varied in three places, the first to which he referred occurring in the Morning Service, the features of which are familiar-the second in the Communion Service, of which the words were these : " Almighty God our heavenly Father, who of His great mercy hath promised forgive- ness of sins to all those that with hearty re- pentance and true faith turn unto Him : Have mercy upon you ; pardon and deliver you from all your sins ; confirm and strengthen you in all goodness; and bring you to everlasting life ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." and in considering these words, the interesting and touching confession of sins which preceded them were to be borne in mind. If the sinner came before God with a contrite spirit, praying to Him for Christ's sake to forgive his sins-if this preceded, surely the Church did not go too far when she used the prayer " God, have mercy on you, pardon, and deliver you from all your sins," &c.; It was difficult to say whether the form quoted contained more prayer or more declaration. The third occasion in the Church Service, in which the form of absolution occurred, was in the service for the Visitation of the Sick and here he acknowledged that there was an obvious similarity to the form recognised by the Church of Rome ; but there was really a great difference, though that was not so obvious. When did this absolution service occur ? When the sinner had given satisfactory evidence of his repentance-not until he had given proof of his faith in all the cardinal points of Christian truth not until he had confessed his sins and earnestly and beseechingly sought forgiveness. Where was the assumption after these acts in believing the sinner forgiven-in pronouncing forgiveness in Christ's name ? " Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to His Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences : And by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." His lordship repeated that it was to be borne in mind that the service was never used unless the winner had sincerely and earnestly repented and he adverted to the carefulness with which the principle was maintained that the absolution was declaratory merely, as exhibited in the prayer following the absolution. The Bishop contended that the forgiveness of sins was Christ's inalienable prerogative, and in allusion to the Absolution Service in the Roman Catholic Prayer Book (quoted by his lordship,) in which forgiveness is imputed to the merits of the Virgin Mary, and of the Saints as well as of Christ, he protested against the doctrine that they had anything to do in propitiating the forgiveness of God he protested also against the doctrine, likewise imputed to the Church of Rome, that the evil we have suffered went to obtain remission of our sins and he quoted the testimony of the judicious Hooker, to the effect that the doctrine of absolution recognised by the Church of England agreed with his representation of it-that it was merely declaratory. The power of the keys, asserted by the Church of England, said the Bishop, was sufficiently high ; but not too high. It did not sanction its priests like those of Rome judging whether the individual was penitent or not-a representation of Roman Catholic doctrine, the accuracy of which he quoted from an article of the Council of Trent, and the interpretation of Bellarmine, to prove. In reference to Bellarmine, he admitted that the Church of Rome was not bound by his exposition. In conclusion the Bishop summed up his objections to the doctrine of the Church of Rome on absolution thus 3-14 took out of God's hands, and put into man's power, that which belonged to the former and not to the latter ; it withdrew too much from the spiritual and internal conditions-repentance and turn- ing to God-and put too much upon the mere words by making the priest judge it con- verts absolution into a ceremony merely, while it invests him with a dangerous power. There were other exceptions to it. It was contrary to the practice of the Primitive Church, and said his lordship, I love for one to appeal to primitive antiquity ; it was to this the reformers appealed ; it was to this that Bishop Jewel challenged, and challenged in vain, the Church of Rome to appeal and by this appeal we were enabled to fix the date of all the additions which that Church had made to the truth. The judicial light in which the Catholics held absolution was not that taken by the primitive fathers ; it was decidedly opposed by those of later date, Ambrose, Augustin, &c.; A Liturgy had been handed down from the time of St. James, and used in the Church over which he presided as Bishop-a Liturgy certainly in use in the middle of the 4th century, and it recognised absolution in the light which he had contended for as being the true light and we may truly defy the Church of Rome, said his lordship, to gainsay us when we assert as the date at which the doctrine acknowleged by her was received to have been in the 12th century. The Church of Rome, too, held absolution as a sacrament, in which light the Church of England rejected it; because it wanted the warrant of Scripture. The Church of Rome held it as connected with confession to a priest ; but this condition was disavowed by the Church of England. The form of confession of the latter Church was one, too, in which priest and congregation united. The Church of Rome required as preliminary conditions to receiving absolution the performance of acts of satisfaction. The Church of England rejected such ; " Neither circumcision availeth anything nor uncircumci sion," &c.; With the Church of Rome it was a judicial act of the priest ; with that of England it was all God's work. His lordship referred to a peculiar feature in the absolution doctrine of the Church of Rome, namely, that to the validity of the absolution pronounced by the priest intention on his part was requisite, from which it followed, said the Bishop, that I may, if a member of the Church of Rome, truly and sincerely repent ; but because the priest does not see this, or because he may not intend my abso- lution, I am lost. Thank God, he said, I am not of the Church of Rome ; I am content to go with the Primitive Church, with the fathers, and with the reformers, and to take to myself the declaration contained in the Communion Service : " Almighty God our heavenly Father, who of His great mercy hath promised forgive- ness of sins to all them that with hearty re- pentance and true faith turn unto Mini : Have mercy upon you ; pardon and deliver you from all your sins ; confirm and strengthen you in all good and bring you to everlasting life ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." 