____AGRICULTURE AND POLITICAL ECO- __________________NOMY. ________By Joshua Trimmer, F. C. S., &c.; __An opinion appears to be daily gaining ground among the agricultural classes, that they must not expect for their produce higher prices than those which they are now receiv- ing : and that the policy of the Government, whatever party may be in power, will rather be to diminish than to increase the protec- tion afforded by fiscal regulations. That sec- tion of the agricultural interest which holds these opinions, are girding up their loins for the contest, and are looking to the expendi- ture of capital in the permanent improve- ment of the productive powers of the soil, as the best means of enabling the British far- mer to compete with the foreign corn-grower at prices approximating to those of the Con- tinent. The example of the improvements effected in West Norfolk by the late Lord Leicester, and of those which have raised the Lothians and the English border to so high a state of cultivation, have shown that capital judiciously expended, is capable of producing a large increase of rent to the landlord, which will, ultimately compensate him for that re- duction of the present money rents, which the alteration in the value of corn and cattle renders necessary for the safety of the ten- antry. Such employment of capital is more- over, of the utmost importance in a national point of view, from the prospect which it holds out of increasing the supply of home grown food, and of affording profitable em- ployment for a portion, though but a small portion of our rapidly .increasing population. __In order, however, to effect the necessary improvement, a large amount of capital will be required, and the question naturally arises as to the quarter whence it is to be obtained. Neither the landlords nor the tenantry as a body possess it. It must be borrowed by the one or the other, on the security, in the case of the landlord, of the estate, as far as the English laws affectiug landed property will permit — in the case of the tenant, on the se- curity of his lease and personal credit. It has been proposed that the Government should advance the necessary funds---a mea- sure the policy or impolicy of which it is needless to discuss, as it is very evident that the Government are not likely to entertain such a proposal. At the same time there is, in the hands of the monied interest, a vast amount of capital, for which it in difficult to find employment, and for which the improve- ment of our own soil holds out the prospect of a more safe and profitable investment than those foreign mines, loans, railways, and other bubble schemes, with which speculators are ever so ready to bleed our capitalists, when labouring under these periodical symp- toms of determination of blood to the head, they themselves being at the same time so ready to bare their arm to the lancet. It is therefore of the utmost importance to the landod interest that monied men should be inspired with confidence in the productive powers of the soil, and its capability of returning, with in- terest, capital expended in its improvement. There are, however, two causes which tend to deprive them of the confidence necessary to induce them to lend their money for such purposes, namely, the denunciations of wri- ters on political economy against the impo- licy of cultivating poor soils, and the outcry raised by a large section of the agricultural body as to the impossibility of successful competition, on the part of the British far- mer with the corn- grower, without the aid of legislative protection. The fallacy of the objections of the political economists I shall endeavour to point out in this article. __Colonel Torrens, in an able pamphlet, the object of which is to advocate an exten- sive plan of colonization, for the purpose of employing our redundant population and surplus capital, and of opening new markets for our languid commerce and stagant ma- nufactures, warns us that increased cultiva- tion of the soil of the United Kingdom will have the same effect in reducing rents as an extensive importation of foreign corn ; and that the agricultural improvements now in progress, will in the first instance deprive large masses of the rural population of em- ployment. The following are his argu- ments : — __" Ricardo has demonstrated that agricul- tural improvements lower rents. As the subject is of great importance, I will present the demonstration in the words of its distin- guished author. After showing that the rent of land must fall as the wealth and population of a country decrease, he pro- ceeds as follows : — ' The same effects may, however, be produced when the wealth and population of a country are increased, if that increase is accompanied by such marked im- provements in agriculture as shall have the effect of diminishing the necessity of cultiva- ting the poorer lands, or expending the same amount of capital on the cultivation of the more fertile portion. __'' ' If a million of quarters be necessary for the support of a given population, and it be raised on lands of the qualities Nos. 1, 2, 3 ; and if an improvement be afterwards dis- covered, by which it can be raised on Nos. 1 and 2, without employing No. 3, it is evi- dent that the immediate effect must be a fall of rent, for No. 2, instead of No. 3, will then be cultivated, without paying any rent, and the rent of No. 1, will be the difference only between No. 2 and No. 1. With the same population, and no more, there can be no demand for any additional quantity of corn ; the capital and labour devoted on No. 3 will be devoted to the production of other commodites desirable to the community, and can have no effect in raising rents, unless the raw material from which they are made cannot be obtained without employing capi- tal less advantageously on the land, in which case No. 3 must again be cultivated. It is undoubtedly true that the fall in the relative price of raw produce, in consequence of less labour being bestowed in its production, would naturally lead to increased accumula- tion, for the profits of stock would be greatly augmented. This accumulation would lead to an increased demand for labour, to higher wages, to an increased population, to a fur- ther demand for raw produce, and to an in- creased cultivation. A considerable period would, however, have elapsed, attended with a positive diminution of rent.' __" This reasoning," continues Colonel Tor- rens, ' as it appears to me, is quite perfect. The rent of the first quality of land is the difference between the return yielded to a given amount of capital by the first and the last qualities of soil under cultivation. It is self-evident that the difference between No. 1 and No. 2 is less than that between No. 1 and No. 3, and it is equally self-evident that if No. 3 be thrown out of cultivation, either by increased imports or by improvements in agriculture, the rent of No. 1 will be ru- duced." __It appears, however, that there is a diffe- rence of opinion among the political econo- nomists on the subject of Mr. Ricardo's the- ory of rent. Mr. Malthus, we are told, at- tempted to refute it ; and the author of Six Letters to Sir Robert Peel, signed a Political Economist," undertakes the same, declaring " that this theory has done more mischief to this country, in misdirecting the course of its industrious clashes, and shaking its poli- tical institutions to their foundations, than the efforts of the most powerful declared ene- mies could have accomplished. Upon this theory our whole system of restrictions has long hung ; upon it foreigners have founded their exclusive policy, from which we and they have long been sufferers. __Of all classes the agricultural is the least likely to be guided in its industrial opera- tions by Ricardo's theory of rent. Far- mers and country gentlemen are plain men, who know little about the science of political economy, except that they have heard it to be a dangerous innovation, and that its pro- fessors are deadly enemies to the landed in- terests, and in truth it is not surprising that they should look with suspicion on a race of men — et dona ferentes — who talk so much and with so much composure, about throwing poor soils out of cultivation. Some land- lords and tenants have found, by experience, that the application of capital to poor soils increases the value of them, and pays good interest for the outlay ; and they want to borrow money to extend their improvements. On the other hand the monied interest, who, from the nature of their occupations, know little of rural affairs, and cannot distinguish soil No. 1 from soil No. 3, are not likely, though overflowing with capital, to be con- vinced that they can lend with safety for this purpose, while one school of political eco- nomy is scaring them with the ghost of Mr. Ricardo's theory of rent, and one section of the landed interest sit wringing .their hands in despair at the late change of policy as re- gards protection to agriculture, and re-echo the cry about the poor soils going out of cul-- tivation. Neither is the desponding portion of the agricultural body likely to derive much comfort from the anti-Ricardo school of economists, who bid them be of good cheer, for the path of safety lies before them in abandoning the growth of wheat, and trust- ing for the payment of their rents to the sale of game, pine apples, and forced flowers. __Rent, we should define to be that portion of the produce which remains after deducting the cost of cultivation and a fair remunera- tion to the tenant for his time, skill, and ca- pital. To this definition every farmer and land-valuer will assent, unless they prefer that which states rent to be the sum paid for the use ot the land. If venturing to offer an opinion on so abstruse a subject as the origin of rent, it would be delivered in the words of a celebrated country gentleman im- mortalized in the Spectator — that there is a great deal to be said on both sides ; or in the words of a worthy living member of the quorum, who declared that he could not un- derstand one page of an act of Parliament till he had read the next. On the one hand the history of British agriculture during the last century presents facts so opposed to the Ricardo theory as to make it evident either that the theory is unsound or that there are disturbing elements present which render it inapplicable to our case. __The theory may be true respecting the system of arable culture which prevailed from the days of Triptolemus to those of Lord Leicester and the Culleys, but false with re- spect to the modern system. The ancient arable culture consisted in growing a succes- sion of corn crops, till the land would scarcely return the seed, and then allowing it to recover its exhausted fertility by a long rest under natural pasture, or by a bare fal- low. Its object was to reduce soil No. 1 to to the condition of No. 3, or any lower point in the scale of fertility, dependent on the number of corn crops extracted from it. The modern system raises No. 4 to the prodctive- ness of No. 1, by combining the growth of corn with the raising of those products which were formerly obtained only from pasture land. From the portion of the farm applied to the growth of grain, it obtains, on the in- ferior soils, as much corn as the old system produced on an equal surface of the best, and it obtains from that portion devoted to tur- nips and artificial grasses, as much beef, mutton and wool, as an equal area of the best land would yield under permanent pas- ture. To this system of husbandry the infe- rior soils are better adapted than the best ; because more dry and friable, and, therefore, better suited to the turnip husbandry. The cultivation of wheat upon the rye soils and rabbit warrens of West Norfolk, instead of raising the rent of the best old wheat soils as it ought, in accordance with the Ricardo theory, has well nigh been the means of driving them out of cultivation. Nos. 1 and 2 of Mr. Ricardo, which have been under til- lage .since the domesday survey or even the Roman invasion, were unable, in 1836, to compete with No. 3, the better description of barley soils, or even the sands of West Nor- folk. This was proved before the agricultu- ral Committee, of that period. The result of that inquiry showed that the low price of wheat then prevailing arose from abundant harvests and the increased produce of the light soils. The heavy lands—-the proper wheat soils — were suffering the most. There was reduction of rent, and land going out of cultivation — for no witness could prove that any had actually been abandoned ; but they were at the wrong end of the scale for the Ricardo theory. The rents of Nos. 1 and 2 were reduced, not because Nos. 3 and 4 were withdrawn from tillage, but because they were in a high state of cultivation. __On the other hand, the Ricardo theory may be false — the, rent of land may arise, not from the extension of cultivation to the infe- rior soils, but from the demand for land, oc- casioned by an increase of population, for buildings, parks, gardens, and railway sta- tions, without reference to its capability of producing corn or cattle. But what is gained by subverting the theory, if we can found upon its ruins no more practical struc- ture than that raised by the author ot the Six Letters to Sir Robert Peel, that we ought to " convert the whole lan into a continued park and garden, so as to render dairy pro- duce, meat, fish, game, vegetables, and fruit as abundant as pearl barley and oatmeal." Between the two schools of political economy who undertake to guide the poor farmers in their industrial operations, it is hard to say which would lead them most astray. But, lest it should be said that we mistate the author's meaning, we will give two more ex- tracts from the Six Letters. __The expense of cultivating cereals is di- minished by alternating with green and arti- ficial food crops, for two reasons — first, be- cause upon the dung which the farmer can dispose of depends the amount of produce which he can extract from the soil. The ex- tent of green crops, which allow the land to repose and dung to accumulate, depends on the density and prosperity of the popula- tion. In poor and thinly peopled tracts, for instance Mecklenburg, Pomerania, Poland, and Hungary there is little inducement to keep stock, except for the sale of wool ; hides and tallow. In South America, the wild cattle are slaughtered for their hides, and the carcase is abandoned to the beasts and birds of prey. In such countries the farmer allows his land to repose under fallow, and looses the produce that might be extracted from it every third year. The improvemen in prices which allows him to add stock husbandry to tillage, not only saves him from this loss, but adds, a more valuable crop to the rest. Dairy produce, where there I is a sale for it, and grazing, where meat is iu demand, pay better than corn. The dis- tinction must of course be drawn where rent is considered, between the landlord's de- mand for the use of the land, and the sum which the tenant may have invested in im- provements. If improvements are injudici- ous— and all enormous expenditures with a view to extort cereals from poor soils are clearly so— -the farmer does not benefit by abandoning corn and taking up stock hus- baudry. In this manner, in consequence of the illusory advantages held out to corn- growers, by our high duties, many have in- vested such great sums in under-draining and other improvements, that they have pre- ferred allowing a large portion of our dairy husbandry to be transferred to Holland, Hol- stein, and Friesland, rather than cease the cultivation of wheat. The farm-yard hus- bandry, or the production of eggs, fowls, &c.;, has been allowed to go over to France, and apples and other fruits are sent from the continent, and even from America. __" Now the abandoning of the present ar- tificial inducement to grow corn would bring back to these islands a large portion of this kind of cultivation which has thus abandoned them. The parties who have in- vested money injudiciously would loose by the change ; but rents (strictly speaking) would rise, and agriculture, on the whole, would prosper. Farms would probably be changed in size, and there would be more comfort and enjoyment in all classes. Corn instead of being the remunerating crop, would be looked opon as a dangerous invest- ment, while, at the some time, the abundance of meat, poultry, dairy produce, and vegeta- tables, would gradually lessen our depen- dence on the foreign grower to the minimum of farinaceous. food necessary to the support of animal life. This is what I should call a healthy state of agriculture." And again he says —" From what has been shown to be the operation of an accumulation of capital and population upon land, there are clearly in every country two sets of cultivators of the soil. Those who look for profit from supply- ing the articles of first necessity, consisting of farinaceous and animal food, as well as raw materials for manufactures, are, in large countries, the most numerous. It was, therefore, not only an unnatural, but evi- dently a most erroneous view of this country, to suppose that rent could only be derived from this use of the land. I trust, that I have adduced convincing evidence on this head, and have shewn that the real prosper- ity of the country, and, consequently, the ad- vantage of the landowner, lies in the con- tinual diminution of this species of cultiva- tion and in the extension of more remunera- ting modes of using the land. The exten- sion of building, factory, road, and canal de- mand, carrying in its train garden, that is, flower, fruit, and vegetable cultivation, dairy farming, and stock husbandry, is clearly the legitimate mode of drawing the highest pos- sileble value out of the land, and forms an ascending scale in which it is not possible to err." ________(To be continued in our next.) ================================== __EMBASSIES TO CHINA.— La Presse observes that as a French Ambassador is about to be appointed to China, it may not be uninterest- ing to know the dates and duration of all the European embassies sent to the Celestial Empire.' The following is an exact list of them : — 1. The Dutch embassy, which ar- rived at Pekin the 17th of July, 1656, and remained there 91 days. 2. A Dutch em- bassy, which arrived 20th of June, 1667, and remained 46 days. 3. A Russian embassy, which arrived the 5th of November, 1692, and remained 106 days. 4. A Russian em- bassy, which arrived the 18th of November, 1720, and remained 114 days. 5. An em- bassy from the Pope, which arrived in 1720, and remained 91 days. A Portuguese em- bassy, which arrived the 1st of May, 1753, and remained 39 days. 7. An English em- bassy, which arrived on the 4th of August, 1793, and remained 47 days. 8. A Dutch embassy, which arrived the 10th of January, 1795\. and remained 35 days. 9 . A Russian embassy in 1806. 10. An English embassy which set out in February, 1816, and re- mained 15 days, 11. That about to be con- ducted by M. Lagrenee. " It must be re- marked," adds La Presse, " that the English Ambassadors, never approached the Emperor of China, because they always protest against the laws of etiquette observed at the Court of the Celestial Empire. In order to approach the Emperor it is necessary to proceed from the door, to the throne on the knees, to strike the head nine times against the ground, and to kiss the left heel of the sublime Emperor several-times. — Gtasgow Herald. __Letters from Rome of the 28th ult. an- nouce that the Marshes were in insurrection, that a band of 650 men was already organ- ised, and that several batteries of artillery had left the fort of St. Angelo in the course of that day. ====================================== Printed and Published by WILLIAM PRATT, at __the Printing-office No. 67, Elizabeth-street, __Hobart Town, where all Communications for __the ' TRUE COLONIST" are requested to be ad- __dressed. 