Among the duties annexed to our pastoral office, we have always regarded that of nourishing those whom God hath committed to our care wi:h thepare word of divine revelation as pre-eminently and i0 comparably the most important; and accordingly, we have availed ourselves of every facility wh:c.a the zeal of others afforded to communicate this in* estimable food as much as possible to our beloved flock. We now endeavour to add to those facilities. Knowing that there are many who cannot purchase the sacred volume, i: it be not very cheap; and othess who cannot real it if the type be small; it has been our study to provide an edition of the most p-ecious portion of the sacred writings, eu:t.d to the scanty means of the pourer classes of society, and easily legtble to readers of every age. Such, so our estimation, is the New lestament now publishel by Dlr. Robert Ureer. To ensure the coerrectoess of this edition to the utmost of our abtlity, we have imposed on ourselves the task of 'revising every page of it, and of callating it not only with the most approved Catholic verstons in the English language, but also witn the. Clementine Latin Vulgate, and occasionally with the Original Greek ; and to eluci. date those passages which are hard to be understood, and whit i the laueirned and unstable wrest to their own destruction (2 k'at. in. 1b.), we have oorrowed troin other coitnans, and inserted in tne margin, soate few appropr.ate nules, whichi the candid reader will acksowledge It ho not only useful, but for the most part, even necessary for rightly understanding the inspired teat. We beg the reader, however, to be always mind. ful, that to order to understand usetflly, and derive spiritual benefit from the lecture of this diviau book, it must betread with an humble and ieverential spirit, with a hunger and thirst for the word of life, with a recollected mind, with docility of heart, and a'fer. veit desire and prayer to be. assisted by " thse Fae ther of lights;' and tieretore we most earnestly recomtiend to all, and particu!arlj to the Faithful of this diocese of Dro.uore, to whom our attention is espectally 4ue, that betore all snub lectures the totlowing potitian be devoutly offered i Come, Holy Spirit, fill the hearts and minds of thy faithful seivants, 'and aufluate them with the fire oi toy dsviue love. Let us pray. 0 God, who didst teach the hearts of the faithful by the illumnnation of the Holy. Ghost, grant us, we beseech thee, to ho always wise in the same spirit, and to rejoice by lils coisolatlon, through'our Lord Jesus Christ thy son, wio vtroth asd reigneth with: thee, in the unity of tihe same Holy Sphtt, for ever anu ever.-Amua. 4 MctUAser BLaes, D D. It C. INishop of Droinore. Newry, is, of September, 1830s 