BRITISH INTELLIGENCE. , {Continued from third page.J IRELAND. (Prom ' Tlie Times,' October 23.) (fiiom our own correspondent ) DUBLIN, Oct. 20 THE INFORMATIONS — CHARGE OP PERJURY. , A considerable sensation was crented to dny by the announcement that Mr. Barrett, proprietor of the Pilot newspaper, and one ot tne parties implicated in the Government prosecutions, was to attend at one or the police-offices this morning, for the purpose of swearing informations for alleged perjury against Mr-Frederick Bond Hughe.s, the gentleman engaged bv Government to re port the ^proceedings nt Mulloghmast, and the subsequent meetings of the Repeal Association. Early in the foienoon Mr. Barrett ap- peared before Mr. Porter and Mr. Magee, two or the magistrates of the Hend- office of Police, to prefer the charge. He was ac ?companied by Messrs M'Donogh and Close, as counsel, and Mr. John Cantwell, as his solicitor. Several of his friends accom panied him, amongst whom were Mr. John O Connell, M. P , Mr. T. M. Kay, Dr. Gray, Mr.-T. Steel*-, &c.; Mr. P. Mahony, Mr. J. -i Connnll's solicitor, whs also in attendance. Mr. M Donogh, having been asked by the magistrates if he was prepared to proceed ?with the charges, replied that he was, and proceeded to say— that he appeared upon behalf of Mr. Richard Barrett, the proprietor ?of the Pilot newspaper, to prefer a charge of wilful and lormpt, perjury against Mr. Frederick Bond Hughes, a1 gentleman who had sworn infotmations against his client 'before Mr. Justice Burton, one of r-he Judges of the Queen's Bench, upon which he was held to bail. . Mr. Porter. — -Where did he swear'thern ? Mr. M'Donogh..— -In Mr. Justioe Burton's 'house.. Mr. Porter;— -Then go theTe. Mr. M'Donogh.— We Jiave been advised, ^our worship, to apply to the magistrates of th« Head'office, to seek for justice. Mr./ Porter — This is not the division in ?which Judge Burton's house is situate ; you must apply to the magisttates of College street office ; andsl am sure that if you show them that you hove a proper and fair case 1o support'your charge, if sent for investiga tion to another tribunal, they will have no objection to receive the informations of Mr. Barrett.. Mr. M'ponogh.— .We don't for one mo ment' presume that'tliey could, but as there was some doubt as to College-street-office, ?we thought it better to come here.' Mr., Porter;— -But there can be no doubt whatever, and we will not interfere with the business of unother oflice This was formerly called the Head-office, and the head of the executive of the police ; but it is not so now, although it may be considered so for some purposes, such as pawnbrokers' or excise vases, together with the management of the carriage court. College-street hns Kings town district under its jurisdiction, and for that reason we have' this other description of business ;? but, in the. common criminal business of the city, I have never known one polioe-ofiice-to interfere with the other. Mr. M'Donogh.— Then *we cannot press it upon your worship further. - . Mr. Porter; — -You need not; but if you make -a good casa, then you will be success ful in your application. 1 wish yoii good morning, 'and wish myself' joy in having nothing to do with it. (Laughter) Mr. M^Donogh —Ts that the ground upon whiclvyour worship sends us away ? (Laugh ter.) ;;-. ;? ', , ?; ? . Mr. Potter; — No, no; but 1 nover wish to do anything that I can avoid. (Great luughter ) . ' : ; ._. , ' The parties then.left the office, and pro ceeded to CollegeTstreer, where- they found Messrs. Tyndall and., O'Callaghan on the bench. ?.; ,; .-, \, -.:?;*.?:, ?.-.;.! ?: Mr: M'Donogh then stated what he before said to the magistrates of the. Head-office, and Kaid lie had been referred by them to make an application oh behalf of his client, Mr. Richard Barrett, the proprietor of the Pilot newspaper, to tender informations for -wilful and corrupt perjury, alleged to have, been committed by Mr. Frederick Bond Hughes, the Government reporter, in informations sworn by him in that police division, at the house of Mr. Justice .Burton, the -second Justice of the Queen's Bench. He (Mr. M'Donogh) had no doubt but their worships would decide the case fairly, and ascertain whether it wns not sufficient to warrant them to compel Mr. Hughes to give bail, as he had compelled Mr. -Barrett to do; lie had come forward in a; fail spirit, not waiting until the offence should be forgotten, ,or until Mr. Hughes had; no witnesses, but immediately to tender and support his charge. On the lGth of October Mr. Bar rett gave bail, upon the informations in question, upon, which the warrant was founded, mid shortly after ho obtained copies of them, 'in which he discovered two very startling statements, both of which were undoubtedly untrue. Now he (Mr. M'Do lingh) lincl no less than 13 informations to support, his case, and to refute the. informa tions sworn by Mr. Hughes,'*who in several places mentioned the name of Mr. Barrett : 'He first stated, that on the 9th o October, a meeting. was held. at the Theatre Koyul, Abbeyistreet. ,1 attended, at the anid meeting of.' the said association, which ? took place at. 'the said (Thpatre Royal., in Abbey street, ' in the city of Dublin'.' 1 saw the said Daniel O'Connell, Richard Barrett, JohV\ OConnell, Thomas^ Matthew Ray, Thomas Steele, the Rev. Peter James Tvrrell, Johii Gray, and a 'great' number of othir. persons' present at the said meeting. The said..persons last named took part in arid spoke at the.said meeting. I »vas also ? present on- the 9th day. of October, at a dinner .which took place in the Rotunda, in tne city of Dublin,' at; which were several ErieH»h repealers,' who came from England to -attend' tne satu tntennea meeiiug at Cjohtarf; I saw tlie said Daniel O'Cohneli; John OConnell, Charles Gavan Dtift'y, Richard Barrett, Thomas Matthew Ray, ThomaH Steele, the R.-v.' Peter Tyrrell and John Gray, present at the said dinner/ and nearly- alfof the said persons made speeches thereat.' -'???? . . .? ?The1 in formntion stated that Mr. Barrett hbh present at the morning meeting, and at the Rotunda in the evening, while the truth was; that he attended neither, and was ut home, four miles from Dublin, when the dinner was going on. He had prepared the informations of 13 persons to piove those rifcts, and he begged leave to tender them to the. Bench, not having any doubt but that'tliey would be received. Mr. tyiiditil.— It is unusual to tiiko infor mations against a person who is not present upon an setlous a charge. Mr. O Cnllughan —I think Mr. Hughes ought to bo summoned befoie the bunch would be warranted in taking informations. Mr. Close.— But we do. not know. where to serve n summons, he. has left Abbey street, for his lust infoi motion describes him as late of Abbey-street. ; Mr. 6'Cnllnghan. — I would suggest the serving ot a summons at his place of real dencu on the urnt information, and if there is no nnpenrtunie, we can find another wny. Mr. M'Donogh. — Ifsuch be your worship's decision, and the decision or Mr. Tvndall, your brother magistrate, I must' say I do* not consider .it unreasonable, becati.se we are most desirous to conduct the prosecu tion in a fair and just spirit, not wishing to throw Bny obstacle in the way of the person charged. I would als.0 suggest that a summons should be served upon the crown solicitor. The magistrates acquiesced in whnt the earned counsel suggested, and the further hearing of the application was adjourned until to- morrow (Saturday) at half past one o'clock. . Brief Memoir of O'Connell — Dnniel O'Connell was born on the 6lh'of August, 1775, at Carhen, near Cahercivpen, in the barony of Iveragh, and county of Kerry ? the very year in which British oppression' lorced the American people to srek for security in arms, and commenced that bloody struggle by which they established their national in dependence His lather was Mr. Morgan O Connell, of Carhen, who was married to Catherine, daughter of Mr. John O'Mullime, of Whited-church, in the county of Cork. His father's mother was o) the family of ODonouges (dhuv), or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Connell wns educated on the Continent, partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Douay. On* his return to Biitain he had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, ?? when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was' not prepared to receive him.' Having swallowed the rpgulnr num ber of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to the Irish bar, in Easter Term, 1796. Mr. O'Connell married on the 3d of June, 1802, his relative Mnry, daughter of Mr. Edward O'Connull, M. D, ofTralee ; he succeeded his father in 1809, and in 1825, by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to n very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knight of the Cross of..the Order of the Holy Ghost, and Colonel of the late 6th Regiment- of the Irish. Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator ; he died on the 9th of July, 1833, at Meudon, neHr Blois, in France; lie was the youngest of 22 children, by one marriage, of whom one-half lived to the age of 99, at which age this .venerable patriot died ; he was born in August, 1784, Fit Derrynane, the residence, of his father, Mr. Daniel O'Connell. — Limerick. Reporter. Wood Pavement .v. Iron Railways. — While the inhabitants of our town are in a state of uncertainty as to their railway, we. are glad to see they have decided to make some improvement in their streets by trying the effect of a newly invented wood pave ment, a specimen of which has been laid Jown opposite the residence of the mayor in the Rue de l'Ecu. It is a combination of wood and asphalte, possessing seemingly the advantages df both without the incon veniences of either, being .impervious to water, free from danger to horses, and cost ing 25 per cent, less for carriage roads, and is much as 50 less for foot pavements. Should it answer, we hear it is talked of laying it down hence to Amiens, and running locomotive' carriages upon it. If this be done, tunnels, cuttings, &c;, will be un necessary, as it is well known locomotive 9teatn carriages, on such a pavement,' would ascend the steepest hill on the road with the greatest facility and expedition. Tl this should be seriously thought of, the capitalists of Boulogne could accomplish the object themselves ;? taking it to be 80 miles to Amiens, and that six yards of the road in breadth were laid down at a cost of 5s the 'aru, tne wnoie expense wouia not amount to more than £211,200, or 5,280,000f Jf Knglish capitalists will .not embark in the railroad, French capital can accomplish this, which would render unnecessary the cost!}' railroad. How thnnkful, then, should be our town to Colonel Sir J Lilly, the inventor of this: admirable substitute. for railways ; they wounded him severely at the battle of Toulouse ; in return he gives them the means of prosperity ,; and, we have no doubt, should the present- idea be carried out, that they, in their turn, will erect a monument to his memory. — Boulogne Ga zette ? . ' Hurricane at Sea — Captain Depeyster, of the packet ship Sheridan, 'arrived fiom Liverpool, reports that' on Sunday, August 20, at half-past 7 o'clock -a. m., Nantucket bearing west, distant 35 miles, he en countered ouo of the most severe hurricanes he ever met with during his long nautical experience. The wind blew 'from E. S. E , and with such violence as to carry away all the sails carried on the ship, with the ex ception of a topsail. The bulwarks were stove, some water taketrinto the cabin, and one of the quarter boats carried by the force of the wind into, the inizen rigging above the roundtop.and wedged fast there. After the storm had abated,, the boat, was taken down, and found to be uninjured — American paper. - ? ?-?'?'' 