JEREMY BENTHAM. " Bentham was» no respecter of persons among his own species. He had outlived his wish to be taken notice of by lords, and had gone as much into the cosmopolitan extreme, In the excitement of 1831, he busied himself with the formation of a Parliamentary Candi- date Society. His selection of the right man at an election does not seem to have been his forte. Abroad, he had been voted a French citizen by the Legislative Assembly. The only use he ever made of his franchise was, at the time, generously to protest against their pro- scription, and afterwards to vote Bonaparte consul for life. It is as good as a comedy to hear what candidates he recommended. He was particularly desirous for the nomination of Rammohun Roy, the Hindoo reformer, a half-caste and a negro. It must not be supposed that he sought to put into the Commons' House anybody he was unwilling to see in his own. Here is one of his pri- vate dinner parties :-* I should like to invite a Yankee and a Negro, a lord and a beggar, to my table.' As to lords, he said, ' Those who live with them, and by describing their doings, and looking at their titles, pretend to know what they are—know only what they say. I, who might have lived with them, and would not live with them—and who neither know nor care what they say—know (and with- out living with them) what they think.' There was nothing he could not at once believe of 'the hirelings of the law—purchasable male prostitutes.' The higher they got, the worse only they were. He mentions as a curious fact (' one to beat the heads of the lawyers with, when they talk of ancient common law and virtuous judges,') that he had discovered, among the statutes of the reign of Henry VIth, that the judges of that day had laid a plot for getting all the land in the kingdom (like the priests,) by outlawing whom they liked. Priests, of course, are not to expect to be in better odour with him. ' Once upon a time, in West- minster Hall, a man whose object was to be hired to give false testimony, used (says a current story) to make known his purpose by walking to and fro with a straw in his shoe. In every Established Church, the sacerdotal habit of a priest is the straw in the shoe.' * " All Bentham's tastes, excepting music, were of a grave kind. As to poetry, his own account of the matter is, that he never read it with enjoyment ; and he told young ladies it was a great misapplication of their time. When he admits, therefore, to having read Milton, 'the prince of poets,'as a duty—the duty, we must suppose, was an obligation on him, not as an utilitarian, but as living in a house in which Milton once had lived. The ' Paradise Lost' had only frightened him as a child. As to pictures, all he remembered about a famous day with his father and Sir Joshua Reynolds was, that ' there was a great talk about painting, and about his painting : but I knew nothing about painting, and cared nothing about him. His Una I remem- ber sitting in a queer posture, and without a chair.' As to scholarship, some hopes might, at first sight, have been entertained of him, from his preference of Greek to Latin ; but his reasons for this preference are the reasons of an idle overgrown school- boy—namely, the readiness with which the Greek expletives had come to his aid when he had been writing verses. He had a consi- derable contempt for classical antiquity; while the antiquarianism of modern history ranked no higher with him than as the natural resource of aristocracies. It would seem, therefore, that his own catalogue of literary pleasures was not extensive. One of the dangers belonging to utilitarianism is the probability of its being too strictly construed; and accordingly that it will narrow the range of pleasures—especially of those which are at a little distance, and out of sight. Bentham's example is, we think, an instance of this; both in his own case and in his advice to young ladies about poetry. On the other hand, it must be admitted that he makes a gallant stand-up fight against Joseph Addison and the critics ;—people who dare to interfere with the enjoyments of their fellow creatures, by arbitrary distinctions between different kinds of taste, good and bad. 'Liberty of conscience, liberty of the press, liberty of opinion at large—all these are in one place or another established. The last that remains to be established, and which yet, in its whole extent, is scarcely so much as advocated, is liberty of taste.' "Bentham was of a sanguine nature—dying in harness, and confident to the last. His vocation followed him even into his sleep ' When I am in good health,' he said, ' I dream that I am a master among disciples.' These dreams by night wore the natural exhalations of his dreams by day. He had made up his mind, not only that he was to legislate for the statute-book of the United States, but for their public opinion tribunal also ; so much so, that he reckoned on succeeding in putting down ' their cardinal vice' of duelling. In 1829 he gave the Duke of Wellington to understand, that he was so far known and heeded there, that if he lived two years longer, or at the utmost three, he should be very much disap- pointed if he had not stayed that plague. In this, as in many other instances, an ignorance of human nature was at the bottom of Bentham's over-confidence. Dr. Bowring says that his bashfulness clung to him through life like a cold garment; 'and that there was never a man so desirous of shunning others, unless some strong sense of duty subdued his natural tendency to seclusion.' We could not wish for a stronger example than he has afforded in his own person, of the many disadvantages that must follow from sending mankind to Coven- try in this manner. A knowledge of men is indispensable for all who profess to teach them, and to make laws for them ; and it is out of the question to think of getting at any sufficient knowledge of them by logical deductions from a few principles. Whatever Bentham might cry out to the contrary from the recesses of his hermitage, to know people you must live with them, and observe the many causes by which even our most reasonable expectations are constantly defeated. " A consequence of Bentham's ignorance of human nature, except in its great outlines, was the striking difference which exists between his genius and his talents. The boldness, origin- ality, and comprehensiveness of his views of a whole system, throw only a stronger light upon his failures, and upon the absurdities into which he falls so frequently on proceeding to fill up its details and practically apply them. Hence the variety of his practicable and ludicrous suggestions, both of measures incapable of being carried into effect, and of words all but incapable of being pronounced. The strange language which he invented, was the result of considerable pains as well as deliberation. When he had once adopted it, laughing at it only made him the more obstinate in placing it among his most valuable inventions. * ' # * * * # " Bentham lived beyond the ordinary age of man, and latterly in almost uninterrupted good health. For the last half of his life, his easy circumstances enabled him to satisfy not only all the simple wants his philosophy acknow- ledged, but many of his projects of utilitarian aggrandizement. He was a great thinker on great subjects ; and might have been a great wit but for his passion for caricature, and his resolution not to be bullied out of liberty of taste by the literary tyranny of your Addisons and Swifts. The zeal of his disciples placed him in quiet possession of the pleasures of a most fertile authorship without much of its drudgery. He poured forth his thoughts on paper, and stowed them away as fast as they were written off; while intelligent believers in the Written Word translated his manuscripts into French and English, and volunteered the labour of revision, redaction, arrangement, and publication. By the assistance of the same auxiliaries, he combined the leisure and free- dom of a man of letters with the excitement and consequence of an active politician. Shrouded in the privacy he loved, he could read what books and see what friends he chose, (if few or none of either, it was his own doing ;) at the same time that the daily homage of the Radical press crowned the spiritual chief of Radicalism with all the celebrity that waits upon a popular leader. Their common friend, Mr. Bickersteth, negotiated an alliance between Bentham and Burdett, under the conviction ' that the most profound philosophy could not unite in vain with the greatest popularity of the time ;' and Burdett professed himself to be enchanted with the alliteration in their names. Unfortunately, Bentham's vanity was not suffi- ciently gratified by producing a merely specu- lative impression upon the minds of his contemporaries. We have heard of dramatic writers of considerable inventive genius, but with little playwright talent for the construction of an acting play, who nevertheless wearied of the popularity of the closet, and were always hankering after the acclamations of the stage. In the same manner, Bentham was uneasy as long as he was a legislator on paper only-a sense of uselessness pressed heavily upon him. In 1801, he wrote to Sir William Pulteney— ' It never happened to me to receive any the smallest reason for expecting that anything from me would, in my own lifetime at least, be of any use.' In 1808, he transmitted to Lord Holland what he called his certificate of nothingness. In his latter days, we are told he would often say-' I have done nothing ; but I could do something. I am of some value. There are materials in me, if anybody would but find it out. I feel like a cat or a dog that is used to be beaten by everybody it meets.' ' Such depressing language from a man so eminent, and in the heyday of his fame, sounds to us even stranger than his humiliation at the obscurity out of which Lord Shelburne had once raised him. Unless he could see himself a legislator in the actual exercise of his autho- rity, and grateful nations sitting under the shadow of his laws, he was weak enough, it seems, to feel he had done nothing. It is satisfactory, however, to learn that he suc- ceeded, even on this view of the case, in balanc- ing his account, by drawing on posterity for a liberal indemnity. When the spirit of pro- phecy came upon him, and he looked into the future, he saw a different sight—the earth and its rulers at his feet. ' Twenty years after I'm dead,' he exclaimed, ' I shall be a despot, sit- ting in my chair with Dapple in my hand, and wearing one of the coats I wear now.' If these visions of benevolent despotism contributed to his happiness, we hope they frequently passed before him. The despotism may never come to pass ; but the picture of his patriarchal self, in his everyday chair and dress, he was able to make sure of. We are struck with Bentham's graphic turn of mind, and his constant attempts to realise his conceptions in some positive and familiar form. Provided only the image were distinct and effective, he was never deterred by the fear of ridicule. Indeed, the sense of the ridiculous appears to have been wanting in him—a remarkable thing for so great a humor- ist. This was the case not only when the ridiculous and the useful came in competition. Many readers will smile a little at his making so certain of his future—still more, at the mode he took for anticipating it, and for sum- moning it beforehand into his presence. ' Bentham would have preferred the glory of coming back, once in every hundred years, to witness the progress of his opinions ; but, as his riper judgment had exorcised his ima- gination of its faith in ghosts, this was not a project to be relied upon. He was obliged, therefore, to put up with the nearest approxi- mation he could think of to a posthumous par- ticipation in his fame. As usual with him, a love of mankind, and an admiration of himself, went hand in hand in his object and its details. The first thing to be done, was to collect and enshrine his written wisdom—the spirit of the inner man ; for this, nothing more was needed than a complete edition of his writings, and a memoir of his life. It is to directions to this effect that we owe the voluminous publication mentioned at the head of this article. So far, his preparations for immortality are not unlike what other people might have made—at least such authors as are fortunate enough to leave behind them assets sufficient to command a printer. But Bentham was far too original to stop here. We have observed on his buffa humour for mixing the serious and ludicrous together. The Venetian gentleman, who gave directions for tying crackers to the weepers of the mourners, and amused his deathbed by imagining the confusion into which, when they went off, they would throw his funeral, is the most suitable comparison that occurs to tis the image of Bentham almost superintending the stuffing; of his own body, entertaining his visitors by taking out of his pocket the eyes which were to adorn it, and pleasing his fancy with the part he was to take (a silent guest,) with Dapple in his hand, at the great utilitarian festival on Founder's day. There is something to our mind of the philanthropic ambition of a Howard, and the comic vivacity of Punch a vivacity irrepressible even by death—in his testamentary instructions upon this subject. He ordains by will that the form of his outward man should be kept together, and preserved (as far as science can preserve our poor anato- mies) in the attitude in which he sate when engaged in thought—his black coat, chair, and staff as usual ; and he suggests that his disci- ples should meet, once a-year or oftener, to commemorate the founder of the greatest happi- ness system of morals and legislation, on which occasion his executor is to wheel him in, to be stationed in such part of the room as to the assembled company shall seem meet."-Edin- burgh Review. 