A VISIT TO A MADHOUSE. We mounted a long-winding staircase, and reached a narrow gallery, on each side of which were, doors strongly fastened with bolts and bars. In the top parts of the doors were sliding panels, bolted on the outside, to enable the watchful keepers, who paraded up and down the gallery, to occasionally look at their unhappy prisoner. We were passing a door through which a keeper was looking, and I glanced over his shoulder into the apartment. The inmate was a tall, powerfully made man, with a straight waistcoat on. With measured tread he paced to and fro, and appeared to be imitating a sentinel on duty. He stopped suddenly in his march, and, looking at the keeper through the panel, said, "Halt 1 Who goes there?" " Guard," said the keeper, smiling. "The word?" risked he. " Waterloo," replied the keeper. " All's well! Pass on," rejoined the poor maniac, resuming his march. The keeper closed and bolted the panel. I asked him whether he-was a soldier. "An officer in the ninety-third, sir," said he. A spent ball at Waterloo tore away part of his skull behind his left ear, which is the cause of his present state. " Has he been long so?" I inquired. " From the hour that he got his wound," was the reply. " He received his Waterloo medal in this house," continued the keeper, "and when it was given to him he seemed to have ia transitory gleam of reason • for, placing it on his left breast, he said, while tears trickled down his face, * it was too dearly gained,' These were the only words of a rational nature that we have heard from his lips." " Do any of his comrades see hiin ?" I inquired. " There are but few living now, sir, you know ; but there's one that comes now and then, although few are aware of it," replied the keeper, with an efhpbasis upon the one, and a glow upon his features. " Who is that ?" said I> "His Grace the, Duke, sir," .replied he. • * •' • »' •' * • * v »• * " Let us take her from the room," said the doctor. assisted in removing heiyand-as we I were carrying her down the staircase she said, •in a. scarcely audible whisper—"'Place me in | the Carriage." We did so. The footmaft jumped upon his stand. " Home 5" cried he.* The horses' sprung'eagerly "forward* as. thfe coachman slackfened his reins, 1 and in a; few'*' I seconds the' carriage' was oUt bf sight.' I re-' (entered the house with-the doctor, who'said;' " Did you not come with that lady ?" 1 1 replied in the negative, and handed myletter to him. After perusing it, he shook me by the hand, sand 5 said, " You have witnessed the melancholy effects of fright, sir, in that unfortunate child." I expressed a wish to hear the particulars, when tie said, " The history is brief, but dreadful. The lady who has just left us, as you might suppose, is her mother. She had been married between three and four years whfen this child was born, which was the only one. As usually is the case in such circumstances, the parents' hopes, joys, and everything that was dear to them, appeared concentrated in their infant. One night, when the father and mother were at a ball, the nurse had been telling the child some ghost stories and fairy tales; these no doubt excited her very much previous to her being put to rest. After thi3 was done, the nurse, from some unaccountable freak, wrapped a sheet round heir person, and stood groaning by the side of the cot. The child raised herself in the bed, uttered one shriek, and from that moment has been as you saw her a confirmed lunatic. When the parents returned and found their idol bereft of mind, and the cause (which they learned from the confession of the nurse), you may imagine their feelings better than I can describe them." " How long since did this occur ?" asked I. " Rather more than eight months," lie replied. " If 1 had been the father, I should have blown my brains but," said I. The doctor placed his lip's close to my ear, and said in a low voice, " He did, sir!" The Duke.—-Much has been said and written, and many are the little anecdotes recorded, of the liberality and determination of the Duke of Wellington. A striking instance of the former occurred a short time ago, A needy agriculturist being compelled by necessity to advertise a small farm adjoining the park at Strathfieldsaye for sale, his Grace's steward made an offer for it, which was readily accepted ; and when the Duke, a few days afterwards, arrived from town, the steward acquainted his Grace of the judicious purchase he flattered himself he had made, adding, doubtless with inward satisfaction, that he was happy to inform his Grace that the land had been bought cheap. " Cheap, Sir," exclaimed the noble Duke, "cheap, Sir; I want no man's land cheap. Let two proper persons be immediately appointed to survey and value this farm." Crest-fallen and sorely disappointed, the steward returned to fulfil his Grace's directions, and at the next interview handed his Grace the report of the surveyors, who had estimated the value of the land at several hundred pounds beyond the purchase-money previously agreed upon. His Grace carefully perused the document, and then remarked, " This is correct, is it, Sir ?" « It is, your Grace," was the reply. " Then," continued the Duke, " then, Sir, pay the amount at once. I can better afford to pay a fair price than the owner can to take an unfair one, and bear in mind I want no man's land cheap." Music—All nature acknowledges the influence of music; man bends before its power; and even the inferior animals own its dominion. The deep- toned organ, as it peals through the grained and richly fretted arches of the lofty cathedral, wafts the soul to heaven, and elevates the devotional feeling of the sincere worshipper. The clear tinkle of the solitary church bell, on the Sabbath morn, as it echoes amongst the hills, is felt and responded to by the well-attuned hearts of those who, impressed with its old and sacred associations,repair at its summons from their distant homes, to hold sweet converse with their God, in the same church where their forefathers often had met together in the olden time. The sad sound of the pibroch deepens the gloom of the Highland glen. The muffled drum hushes to stillness the noisy voice of the crowded street, through which, passes the funeral procession of the poor soldier. The blind vocalist, whose voice awakens the dull and silent lane at nightfall, like a spirit wailing among the habitations of the dead, leads after him, in the cold winter time, groups of merry little creatures, who, chained by the ear, follow , him through half the town, regardless of the punishment that awaits them, on their return home from their nocturnal perambulations. The child, as he lisps and prattles on his nurse's knee, leaps bounding to a lively air, or is hushed to sleep by a gentle lullaby. Old frail wrecks of humanity, whose dancing days have long since passed away, will beat time with their staff, to the sound of the fiddle. Nations have been conquered, battles have been won, by the inflaence of music ; and many a wounded soldier has shed his last sigh, and fallen asleep in the aims of death, amid dreams of home and friends, con. jurcd up by a melody associated with ' Life's morning march, when his bosom was young.' 