DR. NIXON'S THEOLOGY. Lectures historical, doctrinal, and practi al, on the catechism of the church of England, by FRANCIS RUSSELL NIXON, D. D., Lord Bishop of Tas snania, late perpetual curate of Ash, next Sand t'ich, and one of the six preachers in the cathedral church of Christ, CanterburUy.-Wix, London, 1843. APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSION. "But we must take higher ground, and reply also, that as by the judgment of our church, the unworthiness of her ministers does not invalidate the efficacy of her sacraments-so by parity of reasoning, the corruption of a church apostolically descended, cannot nullify the validity of her ordinations."—p. 345. "The clhurch remained the same after it was reformed as it was before ; just as a man remains the same man after he has washed his face as lie was before; just as Naaman, the leper, remained the same Naaman after he was cured of his le prosy, as he was before-and so regularly, so canonically was the reformation conducted, that even those who thought no reformation requisite, still remained tbfor a time in the church ; they did not consider what was done (though they did not approve of it,) sufficient to drive them into schism."-p. 349. "Some doubts have lately been entertained by learned and candid writers, whether this succes sion has been uniformly maintained puire and un interrupted ; no single lintk in the chain defective, "hich would make the chain no longer one. It would seem no such doubts existed at thle period of the reformation. It was at that time, as it had been for one thousand five hundred years, taken for granted, that no man might presume to minis ter in sacred things, unless lie were first appointed to the office by persons having authority to make the appointment, by their REGULAR SUCCESSION IFROM THE APOSTLES."-p. M50. "There is not a bishop, priest, or deacon amongst us, who cannot, if he pleases, trace his own spiritual descent from St. Peter and St. Paul."—p. 350. "It certainly seems strange, that any ordained priest of the church of England, should seek to lower his high office by suggesting doubts as to the reality and soundness of that link, which binds him in mystical tie to the a?postlus themselves, and A so upward to the Savionr."—p. 351. " It mnust be admnitted, it is the only true branch existing in this country, because the only church modelled after the apostolical form and usages ; the only church whose ministers are, in the scrip- tural sense of the word, lawfully called ; or who of have received their orders, or commission, in re- gular descent, through the apostles of Christ."— p. 356. "The dissenter may boast, and justly boast,ofsuch of as these (Watts, Henry, Doddridge, &e.;). They fu may say too, that the generality of their pastors are more perfectly qualified for the ministerial ap office; nay, in some cases, perhaps more so than tl many of the national clergy. It may lie so; but di it has nothing to do with the matter. It is not a sli question of comparative merit, but of lawfil ap- o0 pointment. There might have been, ftbr anything to we can tell, some amongst the Jews who were tr as able to teach the people as the scribes and pha- th risees who sat in Moses seat ; but it was not their office. For anything we can see to the contrary, ce Barsahas might have been as holy a' man as Mat- G thias: vet he was not elected in the room of tli Jndas, and could. not have taken upon him the bi office of an apostle, without sinning against the re Lord."-p. 364. Ih "While there can be no baptism, save one Si only, they think that they can baitise. They iIi forsake the fointain of life, yet promise the gift I of a vital saving water. Men are not cleansed se by them, bat rather made foul; nor their sins fr purged away, but even heaped up; it is a birth n uhich gives children, not to God, but to the hi devil. Born by a lie, they cannot receive the at promises of truth. Gendered of misbelief, they ci lose the grace of fith. They cannot come to the G reward of peace, because they have destroyed ti the peace of the Lord in reckless discord."- o p. 303. t "And can we suppose, that His mind is so n altered, with regard to dignity, or the sanctity of e the priesthood, that He can look, with a fiavourable a eye, upon the assumption of so holy an office, by men whose call exists only in their own imagina- c tion-or in the wishes of others, as unauthorised N as themselves, to call or ordain."-p. 361. tl " Thus then for the lack of any settled standard r to which all may appeal as to authority : to which a all may turn as to a rallying point in matters of 2 difficulty: there is nothing humanly speaking to a protect any dissenting community from lapsing o into deism, socinianism, or worse-into any lati- ii tudinarian fantasy of the hour."-p. 357. a " But it may be urged that the teaching of the a spirit is instruction enough: and that no human d learning is needed by the christian minister to r qualify him to preach the simple truth as it is in s Jesus. All this may be true, but in questions of I such deep importance we are not to look to what I God can do, but what God has corenanuted to do. It is a promise of spiritual teaching then that we t muinst look for : and where in the Bible can we t find a promise that the spirit will guide into all ( f truth any ministers save those who are lawfuilly called ? It was to the apostles in their ministerial capacity that the promise alluded to was given : \- it is to the legitimate successors of the apostles only that the promise is of covenant continued." \--p. 358. " Of course it is not meant to be denied that God who can bring good out of evil may in his kirnd promise overrule for good the agency of the v most unlawtbl teachers: ' He will have mercy on whoim he will have mercy,' and it is not ours to prescribe the boundaries within which that mercy 1 (1 may or may not be limited."--p. 358. " Of indlividual piety there may be. much both amongst dissenting teachers andt their hearers; many a true conversion may be the result of their labours; but it is a grave matter for the christian's consideration how far God's blessing will perma nently rest i pon their irregular and mistaken ministrations."-p. 358. "e Under the Jewish dispensation we find that the assumption of the office of the priesthood without a law fill call was an offence of such mag n aitude in the sight of God as to demand at his it hands no less a punishment than death. Korah, , Dthan, and Abiram, * ' * went down alive iiito the piit and the earth closed upon thelm.' " p. 360. " Now dissenting communities cannot be de rived from the apostles, for they were heard of for the first time in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries after Christ, and were not then peacea bly derived from any society of apostolical foundation, nor afterwards acknowledged by any such as a portion of the church of Christ. In ad dition to this it is easy to see their ministry is not apostolical. They themselves ridicule the notion of any divine commission to minister in sacred things derived by successive ordinations from the apostles. The claim of the church to such a commission for her ministers is matter of un ceasing vituperation and scorn with dissenters; of course, therefore, their own ministers cannot pretend to such a commission. But after all, it is pretty plain that they are obliged, whether wil lingly or unwillingly, to adoplt this course; for their founders or some of their first ministers were generally laymen who usurped the power of the ministry, and pretended to ordain others to an office which they had not themselves received by any imposition of hands from the ministers of Christ." BAPTISMIAL REGENERATION. In conformnity with the bIelief of the primi tive clnrclh, she teaches that the first impulses of tihe spirit are imparted to us at our iaptism ; that then the spark of divine life is kindlid within us; then thie preciouiis gift of thie Holy Ghost is be stowed upon us; that then we are taken out of a state of niature and placedl in one of grace and salvation. Yet greata as arie the blessings that flow froiu tihe sacrament of baptism, rightly adminis tered, and inestimable as are the privileges with whlichli we are then inivestedl, she warns ius that it is not enough to have received the gift, we must use it, &c.;"-p. 354. "Shie would have us remember that the regene rate man, as having still some remains of the old Adam within him, requires constant prayers and watchfulness in order that he might continue in rej that state of salvation in which by baptism he was of pilaced."-p. 354. of Our echristian nanime brings before us the remem brance of that rite which stands at the threshllold a I of our christian life-our baptism. It is intended sis to remind us that we were brought as inlints to sla the holy fout-chlilrhen of wrath, inameless, grace less; but that we quitted it inorppoated members tfe of God's household, adopted children of his elect tie family."-p. 5. of 1, We are children of God, in that we are born da again by baptism of water and of the spirit. And thus, even as the same spirit brooded over tihe dark mass of the yet unorganised world, and gave shape, substance, and life to that which was with- da out form, and void and dead, so does He vonchsafe of to infuse new life into the heart of man dead in th trespasses and sins ; water the means ; the spirit N the agent ; a new birth the consequence."-p. 17. " Is our church wrong then, in declaring in her ba catechism that all baptised persons are children of tat God ? Is she otherwise than orthodox in giving Mi thanks to Him, charitably in the case of adults, but absolutely, in the case of infants, for having of regenerated the child by His holy spirit, anl for ro having received it for his own child by adoption? Some will say yes. They will argue that they look upop thousands and tens of thousands thus said to th be baptismally re,'enerated, yet who are in no es sential respect, as fart as they can see, different s from the unhaptised. They, finding them giving ii not the slightest evidence of their new birth, ex- ie hibiting not the faintest trace of spiritual sonship; all and the conclusion drawn is, that we are not ne cessarily, but only accidentally made children of et God in baptism. But surely it is no part of chi is. a tian wisdom to fathom God's decrees by the line lu of our own experience ; nor of christian humility to to redne' his ,mysterious arrangements to the hu mian level of cause and effect, and to deny their 'I existence beeanse they are veiled from our sight, m and slhut up fliom ourne comprehension."-p. 18. ni "And is the universal persuasion of the early re church on this point to go for nothing? Is the well weighed judgmuent of the immediate successors of at the apostles, of fathers, councils, synods, of the in reformers of our own branch of Clhrist's church, ca all to be set aside in favour of' modern opinion? And are those alone to be judged right who are 1" anxious to explain away the very existence of one w of God's most precious gifts, namely, adoptionii into his family, because the effects of that adoption , are not invariably manifest ? God's ways are not as our ways; and as it is impossible ftor us to un derstand the reason why so few show the decided marks of regeneration, or why we are not all per- tl I suaded of the value and responsibility of our re- st F lationship to the Godhead, as to be willing to a, t le led by Hi-s spirit fri'om the cradle to the grave. Wiser, and better, and more humble were it for the christian to believe with a venerable father of 1P the church, that ' by the priceP of tile blood of ri 1 Christ in baptism, children are washed, freed, and saved' friom original sin, which was propagated I f'om our first parents.'"-p. 19. I BREAD AND WINE. s "We believe that then and there the body h and blood of Christ are verily and indeed takeni and received by the faithful in the Lord's supper. v t We hold that a great and mysterious change takes s place in thie consecrated bread and wine; a change e of character, but not of substance, just as in any a thing a person consecrated to God's honour, or a dedicated to His service, there is a peculiar dig y nity, or more exalted character. A change has i indeed passed overl it, it ceases to belong to tie b world, it becomes the exclusive property of the great God of heaven and of earth."-p. 626. c r '' Tn this holy institution, says Bishop Jebb, as t 's in the first sacrament of baptism, a divine infiusion, I a leavenly grace and virtue, are peculiarly con n veyed into the soul. In baptism we originally received this gift of God : by the sacrament of i Lt the Lord's supper the gift then received is re d newed, enlarged, confirmed, strengthened, per fec-ted. By baptismal grace we first became Ipro is perly temples of the Holy lmhost : by the grace I, of the eucharist we are made special temples 'e also of the Son ; an habitation meet for the whole three persons of the ever blessed trinity."-p. 628. " Thus does our church, in conformity with timhe teaching of Christ anmd his apostles, hold the sacra )f ment of the Lord's supper to be the channel of h the highest spiritual blessings, and that it is emi i- nently, and in a way of peculiar appropriation, al the visible conduct through which, by the invisible iv operation of Hint who appointed it, is conveyed I- that special evangelical grace with which the t Father, Son, and Holy Ghost have conjointly dis n tinguished and blessed the christian dispensa d tion."-p. 628. a CATTLE STEALING.-Two of the three men, ' and the woman, apprehended on suspicion of cattle stealing, have been discharged in default s of evidence to put them on their trial. There is Sanother process to which they are amenable, for hlaviung above a certain quantity of meat in of their possession without being able to accolunt for in it, punishliable bIy pecuniary penalty. The evi 'y dence necessary for sulch conviction amounts, of morally, to a proof of felony, but, with a nice distinction, thie law that cannot reach the fill offence, inflicts a penalty upon one of equal cri of minality, under another name. ; PorNT OF LAW. - A person was proceeded e- against by inlbformation at timhe police-office on Fri Sday, under the " crnelty to animnals" act. Tihe v offence alleged was that of having wantonly tof' is- tnred a bfowl. Defendant's solicitor contended th that a fowl was not a "domestic animal," and the bt ench coinciding, the case was dismissed. The legal gentleman may take credit to himself for the le- force of persuasiveness that induced such a de ld cision. SAWYERS AND) SPLITTERS.- Comuplaints are renewed of the dcpradations committed by ticket of-leave men, and others, located on the east bank of the Tanmar, as sawyers and splitters. By virtue of a license from government, they settle close out side the boundaries of private property, and slaughter cattle and sheep with impunity. No fewer than fourteen of such characters reside in the immediate neighbourhood where the carcase of a beast was found, hanging to a tree, a few days since. SAWN TIMBER.-The market is so superabun dantly supplied with sawn timber, in consequence of the numerous licenses granted by government, that it may be purchased at almost any price. Nine hundred and seventy feet of planking were bartered the other day for a bag of flour. Taking this in connexion with a paragraph elsewhere, it will hardly excite surprise, that licensed sawyers, of the description referred to, should resort to robbery and pilfering. CONVEYANCES.-The low price of stock, and the trifling cost of maintenance, have induced some spirited individuals to establish regular com munication with various places in the neighbour hood, and increase the accommodation on lines already occupied. WVe have a coach running every day between Launceston and Hobhrt Town; a daily Perth and Longford coach ; Messrs. Chitty have lately started a daily conveyance from and to Evandale; and it is to be hoped, the Westbury road will also be tried. The importance of com munication is so great, that we take the opportu nity of suggesting to the residents in the sur rounding districts, their duty to encourage such attempts in every possible way. A traflick has, in the first instance, to be created, and if this cannot- be accomplished while cattle is low in price, and provender cheap, a public convenience will be postponed for years. If the more influ ential residents would ftrnish an example, they would reap the benefit at a future period. REVOLT AT JERIICO.-On Sunday, a number of the probationers stationed at Jerico revolted, and set the authorities at defiance. Amongst other acts of insubordination, they released some pri soners under confinement. The military were procured from Oatlands, and about twenty of' the ringleaders taken into custody. DEATH FROM SUFFOCATION.-An inquest was held at Norfolk Plains a few days since, upon the body of a child found dead in the bed where it had slept with its nurse. The jury returned a verdict of" died by the visitation of God." Death is supposed to have resulted from accidental suf focation. A GENTLEMAN AT LARGE.-On Sunday morn ing a gentleman was apprehended at the Cornwall Hotel by warrant from Hobart Town, upon a charge of felony. He travelled through the country under the assumed name of Captain Adams, and mixed freely with the higher classes of society. It turns out that he is a prisoner of the crown, l named George Young, that he has been about two months in the colony, and absconded six weeks ago from the Broad Marsh probation party. Having attired himself as a gentleman, he pro ceeded to Hobart Town, where he purchased a phaiton, and gave the unsuspecting vendor his acceptance. The gentleman put up at the Ship Inn, and relates a joke of having dined at the f public table with the doctor of the vessel which brought him a prisoner to these shores. His sen sations at such an unexpected rencontre he de i scribes as rather embarrassing; but with an ample a stock of assurance, he assisted in the polite cere \- monies of the table, and at the earliest opportu nity retired with as little abruptness as he thought necessary to avoid suspicion. In Launceston he selected the Cornwall as the most fashionable f hotel ; and whilst there came in contact with the t chiet police magistrate, Mr. Burgess. His in s tention was to have proceeded to Port Phillip in the Swan, but a warrant blighted the design. It n appears that a little episode connected with the rr adventures-merely taking awny another person's watch-has been, rather awkwardly, construed , into a felony, and the law does not seem to tole e rate that species of joke. Young describes him 11 self as having been a lieutenant in the U. S. i Albany guards, and, prior to entering that ser vice, a confidential bank clerk. Whien appre helded he was dressed respectably, with a brown d surtout, white trowsers, &c.; and having admitted \- his identity, freely narrated the circumstances at e tending his six weeks' tour. dl CATIHOLIC BISHOP. - The ceremony of high ie mass was performed at the catholic chapel on ie Sunday with unusual 'pomp, by Bishop Wilson, e who also preached upon the occasion to a numerous e- congregation, including many visitors of other de nominations. TiE CONVICT CHAPEL.--The building adjoin- ing the gaol, erected for the use of prisoners, is lofty and capacious. It is divided into five prin- cipal compartments. The two wings are occupied by male prisoners from the penitentiary. In the intervening space the pulpit is fixed to the southern wall, and immediately outside the communion rail there are two pews, with a bench in front of each, capable of seating about forty free persons. Be hind the pews and fronting the pulpit the pri- soner women are placed, in a compartment which communicates with the female factory. The ad joining space is separated from the latter by a brick wall, and protected in fiont by a heavy iron railing. It is subdivided for ti e purpose of sepa rating the male from the female prisoners con fined in the gaol, from which place it is entered. The chapel is constructed to prevent the prisoners undergoing punishment from being seen by the others, while the clergyman is visible to all. The afternoon service commences at four and con cludes about half-past five. There was a good attendance of free persons last Sunday afternoon, when the chalplain, the Rev. Mr. Gibbs, preached from the words, " Why halt ye between two opi nions: choose 3e this day whom ye will serve. If the Lord be God follow him, but if Baal follow him." He referred to the original state in which man was created, the consequences of the fall, and contrasted the condition of mankind now, with that enjoyed by our first parents previous to transgression. He alluded to the Inukewarmness that prevailed among professing christians, and stated that if religion was worth anything, it was all- important: that the omniscient could not ac cept a lip service and a lifeless profession. The world was divided into two classes-those who feared God, and those who feared him not-and no one could occupy neutral ground. .We were apt to suppose that heathens only could be idolaters ; but there were many in every chris tian congregation immersed in the concerns of time, who cherished the gratification of bad pas sions, self-aggrandisement, and the wealth of the world, as idols in their heart. He described the state of such, who nevertheless preserved a moral exterior, as particularly dangerous, and calculated to lull the mind into a fatal security. Whatever men might say of the enjoymentsof time and sense, the divine word assured us, the and experience of believers confirmed the fact, that there was no true happiness unconnected with an interest in Christ. The reverend gentleman concluded his remarks by bringing the text to bear upon his hearers, and urged them to decide-no longer " to halt between two opinions." We were pleased to observe so many respectable persons in attend ance. Their presence is calculated to have a fa vourable effect on the prisoners, by showing that attendance on the public ordinances of religion is esteemed a privilege, and that they ought to con sider it in the same view, and not merely as a compulsory portion of discipline. And those free persons who embrace the opportunity, if un der a proper influence, will discover that they can worship the Almighty as sincerely in a " convict chapel" as in the most gorgeous cathedral. STOCK.-Two extensive sales of stock are about to be held in the interior, whicll purchasers will do well to bear in recollection. On 21st instant Mr. T.'Y. Lowes will sell at St. Peter's Pass the sheep, horses, cattle, agricultural implements, &c.;,- belonging to Mr. O'Uonnor, and on the 10th December, Messrs. Eddie & Underwood will dis pose of the whole of the stock and other valuable property in the possession of Mr. W. G. Walker, of Vron. THE STEAMER " SHAMIROCK."-It will be ob served by Mr. Cranftird's advertisement that the Hunters River Company are about to reduce the fares between Sydney and Launceston. QL'ARTER SESSIONS.-The adjourned court will be holden on Monday, when jurors and witnesses are required to attend. There are six criminal cases to lie disposed of. CusTOMS.-Mr. D'Arch may be shortly ex pected to return from New Zealand, when the officers of the department will resume their former position, with slightalteration. It has been fonnd that tinder the cnstoms' regulations of New Zea land, respecting duties, &c.;, a collector's appoint ment would be a mere sinecure. ADJOURNED LICENSING MEETING.-The ad journed meeting of licensing justices will take placeon.Friday next. The reply of the law offi cers to the points submitted to them is, in effect, that the justices have not the power of sanctioning the applications which form the subject of discus sion, but in Hobart Town, the bench of magis trates acted upon an opposite opinion. LEGISLATIVE COUNClL.-The members as semble at Hobart Town this day. 'ý'SYDNEY.-We have the Hlerald, Chronicle,and Aust'alian to the 6th November. We observe a Mr. Nowlanlhas arrived in the Parrock Hall from London. This is probably our respected colo nist Mr. Timothy Nowlan, of Perth, who left some time ago to arrange some private business with the government, in which he was sunecessfil. -The following is the result of the municipal elections: Gipp's ward, Fisher and Ryan ; Bourke ward, Sillitoe; Brisbane ward, Smhidmore and Hyndes; Macquarie ward, Henderson; Phillip ward, Neale and Wilkie; Cook ward, Iredaleand Joseplisoit.-The True Sun has been revived. The Maitland Mercury contains reports from the various districts respecting the state of' the crops. Some have been blighted ; some have suffered in a less degree from frost ; others have been hiljnred by drought; and others by wet weather: Iat' upon the whole it is calculated the crop will be an average one.-The lWilliam had arrived, and may be daily expected. The % heat she took tip had not been sold : the current price ranged from 3s. to 3s. Gd. per bushel. Potatoes were selling for 10s. 6d. a ton. In other respects the market re mained as last quoted. MR. BURGEss.-The chief police magistrate is on a tour of inspection through the colony. On Tuesday lie visited the public offices connected with his department in Launceston, and will pro ceed to George Town, thence to Port Sorcll and firom that station to Westbury. COunT OF REQUESTS.-The business of this court will commence at ten o'clock on Saturday, there are sixteen cases set down for trial in the thirty pound and about sixty in the ten pound court, MANUREa.-In another page will be found some excellent remarks on manure, to which the at tention of the agriculturist is directed. INSUB ORDINATION AT THE TREADMILL,-Some of the men sentenced to the treadmill refuised to work on Tuesday. The chief police magistrate being in town investigated the matter, aud'the. result was, that the men were persuaded out of their insubordination, 