IRELAND. The Freeman's Journal states that the Chair- <*> manship of Ihe Commission of Inquiry into Land- <*> Tenures had been offered to Mr More O'Farrell, but that he had declined it. Dr Slatlery, the titular Archbishop of Cashel, has sent a letter to Mr O'Connell, stating that the events of the last few weeks have overcome the writ r's disinclination to mix in politics ; and, ac cordingly, he encloses £i as his subscription, and requests to be enrolled a member of the Repeal Association. The Commission of Oyer and Terminer opened in Dublin on the "25th of October, before the Chief Baron and Mr Justice Burton. Consider able curiosity prevailed, as it was fully expected that bills of indictment would have been sent be fore the Grand Jury in the case of " Barrett against Hughes." Mr Kemmis (the Crown Solicitor), Mr Cantwell (agent for Mr Barrett), and the Rev. Peter Tyrrell, one of the "conspirators," were in attendance from an early hour, but the Court adjourned without any proceeding being had in the matter. At two o'clock the Judge released the Grand Jury from their labours, and the threat of sending up the bills has been aban- doned.—Atlas. The Limerick Reporter has just published the following Brief Memoir of Mr Daniel O'Connell: Daniel O'Connell was born on the 6th of August, 1775, at Carhen, near Caherciveen, in the barony of Iveragh, and County of Kerry—the very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and com menced that bloody struggle by which they es tablished their national independence. His fa ther was Mr Morgan O'Connell, of Carhen, who was married to Catharine, daughter of Mr John O'Mullune, of Whited-church, in the County of Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donouges fdhuvj or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr O'Connell was educated on the Con tinent, partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain he had to undergo the formality of studying his profes sion (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, " when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not prepared to re ceive him." Having swallowed the regular num ber of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, lie was duly admitted to the Irish bar, in Easter Term, 179 G. Mr O'Connell married, on the 3rd of June, 1802, his relative, Mary, daughter of Mi- Edward O'Connell, M.D., of Tralee. He suc ceeded his father in 1809, and in 1825, by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count. O'Connell, Knight of the Cross, of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and Colonel of the late 6th regiment of the Irish Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator ; he died on the 9th of July, 1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in France; he was the youngest of twenty two children, by one marriage, of whom one half lived to the age of 99, at which age" this venerable patriot died; he was born in August, 1784, at Derrynane, the residence of his father, Mr Daniel O'Connell. To the foregoing brief memoir, the Tory press publishes in reply Mr Grattan's character of O'Connell in 1815, and which is as follows :— Examine their leader, Mr O'Connell—he as sumes a right to direct the Catholics of Ireland; he does not attempt to allay the passions of a warm and jealous people. Full of inflammatory matter, his declamations breathed everything but harmony, venting against Great Britain the most disgusting calumny, falsehoods, and treachery, equalled only by his impudence; describing Great Britain as the most stupid, the most dishonest, and the most besotted nation that ever existed ; that Ireland could. not confide in the promises of England, &c.; Without discrimination he pro nounced all Protestants as " bigots." When he advocated the grievances of the Catholic body, he omitted the greatest grievance— himself! A man that could make the speeches he has made, utter the sentiments he has uttered, abused the charac ters he has abused, praise the characters that he has praised, violate the promises that he has vio lated, propose such votes and censures as he has proro.ed, can have little regard for private honour or for public character ; he cannot comprehend the spirit of liberty, and is not fitted to receive it. He betrays such a scattered understanding and barbarous mind, that if he got liberty he would immediately lose it. Almost unsuited for the British constitution, and almost ignorant of the bonds of civil society, pf such a mould, and such a disposition, as to be incapable of accomplishing any rational object, his declamations to the lower orders are full of extravagance, wildness, and am biguity, and set afloat the bad passions of the people, make them restless in disposition, and im patient in action. He leaves a vacuum in the meaning of his harangue, to be filled up by the elated imagination of a warm-hearted and .sensible people. It is the part of a bad man to make use of gi iavances as instuments of power, and render them the means of discontent, without a single honest attempt at redress. He knows, or at least he ought to know, that this conduct, is of such a nature as must always tend to confusion in bad ministers, and strengthen their authority ; it se duces people into mischief not intended, and after exdtiug them to folly, it abandons them through fear. It may lead them to rise against an cxc ae man or titheman, to burn a hay-nek, or murder a fanner, but will never teach them to redress grievances, or to bring the offending minister to the scaffold. This leader in spirit is poor, his courage is of ahesitating quality, his political con fidence is prodigous also; in debate he is more than a hero; in every sentence there is a chal lenge; in the field he is a diplomatic. He was insulted and did not fight; again insulted, he was goaded to the ground, where his antagonist Ro derigo fell. He then offered an insult, was no ticed by the condescending spirit of an imprudent minister, was challenged, travelled four hundred miles incognito, was arrested through an unfor seen accident; did not go to the ground, being prevented by an unavoidable necessity. His speaking is extravagant diction ; c vulgar boast, a swaggering sentence, affected bombast, and lu dicrous composition. His liberty is not liberal, his politics are not reason, his reading is not learn ing, his learning is not knowledge; his rhetoric is a gaudy hyperbole, garnished with faded flowers, such as a drabbled girl would pick up in Covent garden, stuck in with the taste of a kitchenmaid. He makei politics a trade to serve his desperate and interested purpose. This man can bring about nothing good; in abortion he is the most fertile; the womb of his mind is of such sinful mould that it never can produce anything that is j not deformed. He never succeeded in any pro ject except the loss of your question. He barks and barks, and, even when the filthy slaverer has exhausted its poison, and returns to its kennel, it still barks and howls within unseen. No admin istration but would injure their reputation by ad vancing such a character. The following officers, hitherto out-pensioners, have been appointed to Ireland: —Captain Ridge, 36th j Captain Brown, 41st; Captain Donneluin, 48th; Captain Moyle, 66th ; Captains Cartan, Beaufoy, Calder, Warde, and Phibbs, half-pay j Lieutenant Furlong, half-pay j Lieutenant Mere dith, half-pay 16th Foot; Lieutenant Brown, half pay 50th Foot.— Morning Chronicle. Oct. 24. The Limerick Chronicle has the following singular paragraph in reference to what are termed "signal fires." —"In October last the whole country surrounding Lynerick, for an area of many miles, including portions of the counties of Limerick, Clare, and Tipperary, and the banks of the Shan non, at either side of the river, furnished almost simultaneously glowing indications of a 'demon stration,' the real meaning of which did not transpire, but that it was a political ruse little doubt appears. Fires were blazing in all direc tions, far as the eye could reach, and the illumi nation was general. The alarm to many families residing in and beyond the suburbs was extremely painful, and such fearful indications are regarded with any thing but pleasure in the present state of the country. 'J he formimable signal fires re ferred to, we since learn, were seen to spread into the counties of Cork and Kerry with almost magic rapidity." Captain Austin, C.B., is on a visit to the forti fications of the Upper Shannon. The Comet war stean er, Commander Frazer, is to be stationed in i that river as a guard ship. All the officers ap-i ponted to the payment of the pensioners in Ire- j land are assembled at the Adjutant-General's! office in Dublin, to receive instructions from the Superintendent of the establishment, Major Tulloch . Promotion has been very great in the Koya! Artillery this year, the juaior First Lieu tenant not being more than nine months in the { service. 