PRESENT CONDITION OP ROWE AND THE PAPAfc S TATES. [FROM THE COERESPONDENr OF AM IRISH JOOBVAL.] ROME, APRIL 3, 1344.-You wish me to tell you something of the state of Rome tn the year 1844; I shall begin, therefore, with her secu- larizes. The patrimony of St. Peter is at pre- | sent tn a very disturbed state-the exchequer almost exhausted, and nothing keeps up the state but the loan from Rothschild and the large sums of money expended by the English : the Jew first, and after that the Protestants. A large proportion of the English aristocracy spend their time in hunting, steeple chasing, balls, diuner parties, sight seeing, &c.; ; all these, and the ceremonies of St. Peter's, occupy their time from morning till night and from night till morning. There are a great variety of reports constantly in circulation, whieh keep the people iu a state of continual anxiety. One report is very current at this moment {the commencement of the holy week) that the four principal powers of Europe -Austria, France,"Russia, and England-have some kind of political agents here, demanding the Pope's consent to abdicate his temporal so« vereignty, and that they have giveu his Holiness only iwelve days to make up his mind on the subject. Another version of the story is, that the Emperor of Austria has signified to the Pope that, to insure the continuance of the tranquility of Italy, it will be necessary that the papal states should be occupied by Austrian troops. One thing, however, is certain, that three days have been set apart for additional prayers to the Virgin, to avert some great calamity that is hanging over the fore-doomed city. The minds of the people appear lo be exercised by the expectation of some great change, and to be prepared for it. The Government is detested, and nothing but the dread of Austrian bayonets keeps them within any bounds. Another report is, that the Hungarian bishops and clergy hive made some extraordinary demands on the Pope, which he cannot grant, and that they intend separating from the Church of Rome. Scenes also of another and most extraordinary and distressing character, are occurring daily before our eyes. Last winter, the prayers of the English congregation were requested on behalf of a family in great afil dion, and this affl ction was occasioned by one ol' the=u ha ing joined the Church of Rome a few days before. A Mr Scott Murray, M.P., a few weeks ago conformed to the Romish Church, and was baptised, be- cause they report here that the Archbishop of Canterbury, who baptised him, did not sprinkle the water on him at the very moment when he repeated the words Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. I cannot, however, inform you how ike baby, Murray, knew this ; that is beyond my skill. An English lady of rank is to conform this week, and many more, I hear, are in pre- paration for the same ceremony. The male convetts have generally received the rudiments of their education at Oxford. The females ap- pear to have been well imbued with Tractarian views previously to their joining the Church of Rome. Popish sermons are preached continually in English on the week days, by their best preachers, and printed notices sent round to every family. In these sermons the religion of the Protestant is attacked iu every way. One preacher stated a few days ago, that Lucifer was the first Protestant. He might have been nearer i the truth had he said'that Ahel was the first Protestant, and Cain, who originated the «n ¡ bloody sacrifice, was the first Romanist. Another stated that converts to Christianity were never i made by any one not belonging to the Catholic, I that is, the Romish Church. A gentleman from f the north of Ireland, who was preseut, could stand it no longer, and instantly walked out ot . the church. The most miserable part of the ; business is, that the English attend these ser i mons in considerable numbers, and are closely . watched to see if atty impression has been made, i A clergyman of the Church of England called r a few days ago on a family which had been ; tampered with in this way, and during the time Î he remained in the hou«e, the cards of two . Popish bishops were sent in ; bnt on being tn « formed that there was a clergyman within who ; would wish tb discuss the question of the true , church with them befóte the family, they de . dined the honor, and instantly decamped; and » while this was going forward, no one will be s allowed to preach to the English unless he pro t mised not to say one word on the subject of t Poi-ery. One cïpr^vm ¿u be:o£ incited in this s wpy to pre t¿h. 'J^oiiued, Itv savin» ** that be ri was not tu the h ab ti of_ 'ireArhiu-* if» a «traíght jj waisfcrtrt*.*' i j On Candl*»m*» Day, a number of officer*, tl wearing the Queen'* «utform and their different I decorations of honour, appeared at St. Peter's, i and each of them on his knees received from the i ! Pope's own hands a blasted candle, and then ; I walked iu the procession, holding the same r'lighted tn their hands preparatory to their be t coming " the Pope's own" Oue unfortunate t young man lent his uniform to a brother officer 9 on a similar occasion, and has been called over t the coals for so doing, at the Horse Guards ; s and I would humbly recommend that, for the j credit of the British at my and navy, the Duke, 3 of Wellington would throw more light on this subj 'ct than the blessed caadles can impart. We have above thirty English clergymen here. A. few of them exert themselves in finding out the individuals who have been tampered with 1»y the emissaries of Rome, and tu many cases feave been successful *' in staying the plague.1' "' Another extraordinary event occurred here a few days ago-a Protestant missionary meeting* at which upwards of £70 was collected for different missionary societies -. the Earl of Gainsborough in the chair. The Earl of Roden was expected to attend, but unfortunately he arrived a day too late. The speakiug was re- markably good, and the spirit manifested on the occasion was perfectly happy. The meeting was held within a stone's throw of the Propaganda. But the great wonder of all wonders was the arrival of the Bishop of Gibralter, for the pur- pose of holding a confirmation. There were about forty three confirmed, and three more were prevented attending by sickness. 