£ .THS^^URCfl; blonial gutties, pi^mpossiOTBtta ^^rjbljiflL reference Jgidu^^r^Won infi^agefc, a Ration LhUy j^i^^^clhi^wt^timdwd of intelligence, wotddso Ibng permit the means if divine instruction to be so abused , as in a considerable degree to defeat its own purpose. In our. last, we endeavoured to show this as | re speci:s the churchesof England and Ireland, egpeciallv the latter, being as we conceive, the principal cause of the present unhappy excitement existing and enormous expense incurred, in that unjustly treated island. Is it not monstrous that tbe public revenue of the nation is so wasted and abused-—a church consisting of half, a million of hearers, to require nearly £1,500,000 to pay for her clerical instruction, and that payment so unequally and shamefully applied, that it is impossible to look at it without pain. .This disgraceful waste of the national funds, to support the instructors of religion, is not confined to the Church of Ireland—the evil, although not so mischievously rampant as in Ireland, exists to an alawning extent in England also, which we will now endeavour to show. Church patronage has become so barefaced and shameless, that ere long every member belonging to any of the national churches in the United Kingdom who possesses a spark of honest religious feeling and principle, will fly from their unhallowed influence. Preferment in the Church of England is as regular a subject of sale, as Commissions in the Army during the reign of Mary Ann Clarke; of notorious memory; hence the door of the church is open to all who possess a golden key. In short, spiritual preferment is sold as openly has ffices in the East Indies ; not unfrequently has the cure of-sotils been brought under the auctioneer's hammer. Church patronage is dealt with as a mere commodity, and the pro duce of tithes and glebes, instead of being employed as the reward of religious zeal and service, is purchased like a life annuity as a provision for families; and such abuses will continue while the law tolerates the sale of Advowsons. The patronage of the English Church is vested in the Crown, Bishops, Deans, and Chapters, universities, collegiate establishments, aristocracy and gentry. The Lord Chancellor presents to all the livings in the Queen's book under .£20, which are about 780; he also presents to six prebend stalls in Bristol Cathedral, and to five in each of the cathedrals of Gloucester, Norwich, and Rochester, the Ministry present to the remaining patronage of the Crown, upwards of 1600 church preferments are in the gift of the Bishops; more than 600 in the gift of the two Universities ; 57 in the colleges of Eton and Winchester; about 1000 in the gift of cathedrals and collegiate establishments ; 700 in the Dean and Chapter of Westminster alone, and the remainder in the aristocracy and gentry. The population returns of 1831, make the number of parishes and parochial chapels in : jSngland and Wales 10,674, which divided [into rectories and vicarages exhibits the following classification :— Iu the gift of Rectories. Vicarages. The Crown 558 490 Bishops 592 .709 Leans and Chapters 190 792 University of Oxford 202 112 „ Cambridge. 152 131 ollegiate Establishments 39 107 rivate Individuals 3,444 3175 There are besides 649 chapels, not paroihial, making the total number of benefices England and Wales 11,342. The entire patrpnage of the Church may owever to a certain extent be said to be ested in the Crown ; no one'is eligible for fourch preferment but through the bishops, nd the bishops are all appointed by the Jrown, which has therefore a veto on ail ec- 'les^^ieal appointments, except advowsops. it*teferments. besides being sold for aoney, arc\often devoted to political puroses, and the pampering of noble families/ olitical devotion is also a sure path tospiitual preferment. An eminent writer says, " In the ordinal taon of a bishop, he is said to be entrusted with the office ' for the glory of God, and the edification of the christian flock he is particularly enjmgqd* not to be * covetuous,' '.nor greedy of ffithy lucre;* and hie promises t» be' faithful and sincere "in every branch of As duty.' ". How far the English and Irish ; ishops have observed tbeir ordination vows i \ this respect is now "bur object of enquiry, md'we rog^feegin will* Bishop Sparke, of Ely, whole aSKUal^incdme, 'exclusive of patroniage;-seVen years ago', w&s;"£27,'742. His eldest son, the Rev!. John Sparke, £. is Prpbpnd in. the Cathedral; oJF Ely. .400 Examining Chaplain to the Bishop ... " 100 Registrar intheDiocese^..7;... 300 Le^r Rector of Littlebury,..........:..... 303 Chief Steward of several manors....:.... 200 RectorofLeveringburgb,withtbe Cha- ;pelry of Parson Drove ..:•. .600 .;. ;• -. • • 1803 The Bishop's son-in-law, Rev. Edward Fardel),' a Prebend Stall in the Cathedral of Ely 400 Rectory of Bexwell 300 _——- of St. Mary 400 of St. Nicholas 600 Vicarage of Walei teach .400 2100 Other prelates seem also to agree with Lord Plunkett and Sir R. Inglis in considering the revenues of the Church as common or private, property. The late Archbishop Sutton is an eminent proof of the perversion of church patronage. The Suttons, who still remain in the Church are numerous ; among seven of them are shared sixteen vicarages, rectories and chapelries, besides preacherships, and dignities in cathedrals. Of eleven daughters, -several had the prudence to marry men in holy orders, who soon became amply endowed. Hugh Percy; son of the Earl of Beverly, married one . daughter, and in the course of a few years was portioned off with eight different preferments, estimated to be worth £10,000 a,year. This fortunate son-in-law, we believe, is now Bishop of Carlisle, to which he was translated from Rochester. According to - law,.he ought to have resigned all the posts he held on being promoted to a bishopric; but somehow he has been enabled to retain several of them. The Reverend James Croft married another . daughter, and has been equally amply provided for. A sister married the Rev. Richard Lock wood, who was presented in one year witli three vicarages. We have not room to enteranto further particulars, as respects the other branches of the family, direct and collateral, of this reverend divine. The late Bishop of Winchester is another instance of using the church revenue for the aggrandisement of his family. This prelate held the see of Lincoln, and changed his name from Prettyman to Tomline, on acceding to a large estate and title left him by a relative. His three sons possess amongst them thirteen chancellorships, prebendaries, rectories, vicarages, and canonries. The Sumners are also growing rather numerous in tbe Church Red Book, but they are too recently planted to spread their roots wide and deep in the Lord's vineyard. In the disposal of parochial patronage tliete is the same abuse and monopoly as in the higher departmertts of the Church—the most valuable benefices and livings fall into the hands of those whose chief claims are their families and connexions. We could illustrate this point, if our space would admit, which we regret, because it would more clearly show to our readers the shameless rapacity that directs the disposal of tfie revenues^ this State Church-—a roost complete confirmation of the divine remark, "It is not me ye seek, but the loaves and fishes." In order to cover as far as possibly the enormous expenditure of the Church of England, there are these who venture to assert that there are 18,000 clergymen in the Establishment to be provided for. Those who have attempted this clerical census must have included the parish clerks, sextons, and grave-diggers. The Church, both in England and elsewhere, is never at a loss in the trade of numericals. But by the works of several eminent writers, which we have good reason to conclude to be correct, we find the number . of prelates, dignitaries, rectors, vicars, and curates in England and Wales to be 7694, and the stations are as follow : —sees, 26 ; chancellorships, 26; deaneries, 28; archdeaconries, 61; prebends and canonries, 514; minor canonries, priest vicars, vicars choral, 330 ; rectories, vicarages, and chapelries, 11,342. Thus, then, there are 12,327 places of preferment divided amongst 7694 individuals—a little less than two to each. The Ecclesiastical Dictionary shows that 7191 individuals enjoy 11,342 livings, according to the following scale:— Individuals. Livings held by each. Total. 1,. 11 , 11 I'.;.;.:- 8 8 5 7 35 12 ..6.; 72 64 5......; 320 209 i 4 836 567 - 3 1,701 2,027 2 : 4,054 4,305 .,..:.. ..:.. .... 1 4,305 7J9J H,342 A certain writer states that " sinecurism abounds more in the Chprch than in the civil ^establishment. . In the former almost everything is done by deputy, 1 which results from, her excessive wealth ; for when large salaries are annexed, great duties are seldom discharged. Hence those who enjoy large incomes do not „ require to burthen themselves with, official tqil. First, they can afford to employ a deputy; next, they can purchase, or otherwise influence, the connivance of others to the neglect of their own duties. Thus they are enabled to indulge in recreation and pleasures which coijsume too much time, to properly prepare for the performance of the serious duties of religion. Hence has arisen, sinecurism in both Church and State, presenting the disgraceful spectacle of one class receiving the emoluments, and another, less fortunate, performing the work for which the pay is received. The curates and a few benefited clergy are the only portion of the Establishment who reside in and dothe duty of their parishes, the remainder being clerical sinecurists, filled "with the Holy Ghost, who share in the loaves and fishes." The duties of these dignitaries cannot be very onerous. Mr. Gordon, in the debate on tbe Curate Salary Bill in 1837, said, he knew a clergyman who was dignitary in six cathedrals. Were there any duties to perform ? How could a man perform so many different duties in so many different places, perhaps at the distance of a hundred miles from each other ? The curse of sinecurism appears to have existed in the Church as early as the time of Henry VIII. Archbishop Cratimer, in a letter to Cromwell, denounced the canons and prebendaries as a " superfluous condition." He said a prebendary was not a learner nor a .teacher, but a " good viander.'' If they were a superfluous condition under a Popish regime, they must be more so under a Protestant Establishment. Coventry, on the revenues of the Church, says, " from the tenure of charitable endowments tbe clergy have almost entire possession of this immense fund, which Lord Brougham estimated at two millions a-year. In England and Wales, according to the returns under the Gilbert Act, there are 3898 school charities, of which the clergy enjoy the exclusive emolument, and in the remaining charities they largely participate as trustees, or in other capacities. Threefourths at least of charitable property have been placed at the mercy of ecclesiastics; and from the inquiries recently made into charitable foundations, the worst abuses have been discovered under their management. The school of Pockingham in Yorkshire is a flagrant instance, in which a member of the, Church was receiving a snug income of £900 a-year for teaching one scholar. {This beats the Gell job hollow : here we had at least two boys taught for £1000 a-year.] The funds of the Mere and Spitals charities, and the Grammar Schools (n almost every town, have become mere sinecures, seldom having more than two or three ^foundation scholars in each, and the buildings piously intended for the gratuitous instruction of the children of the poor, have been perverted into boarding and day schools for the emolument of their clerical masters. Bristol, Bath, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Ripon, and Preston, are striking examples of this sort of perversion." The neglect with which the Episcopal clergy treated the public schools of this colony, during the fifteen years they had the entire control, can be no longer matter, of surprise. If they had succeeded in their late attempt to obtain re-possession of the management and the funds, the community might bid farewell to public education. Our space compels us to proceed no farther this week. We trust we shall be able to conclude our inquiry into this rotten branch of the national policy in our next. 