BLUEBEARD'S GHOST-THE WIDOW WHO DID AS WIDOWS WILL DO. POR some time after the fatal accident which deprived her of her husband, Mrs Bluebeard j was, as may be imagined, in a state of profound grief. There was not a widow itt all the coun-1 try who went to such expense for black bomba zeen. She had her beautiful hair confined in crimped caps, and her weepers came over her elbows. She put up a mqst splendid monument to her departed lord over the family vault of the] B'uebeards. The Rector, Dr Sly, who had been Mr Bluebeard's tutor at College, wrote an epitaph in the most pompous yet pathetic La tin :-'* Siste viator! mojrens conjux, heu I quanto minus est cum reltquis versari quam tui meminisse ;" in a word, ' everything that is usually said in epitaphs. A bust of the de parted saint, with Virtue mourning over it, stood over the epitaph, with medallions of his wives, and one of these medallions had as yet no name on it, nor (the epitaph said) could the widow ever be consoled until her own name was in scribed there. " Fur then I shall be with him. In coslo quies," she would say, throwing up her fine eyes to Heaven, and quoting the enormous words of the hatchment which was put up in the Church, and over Bluebeard's hall, where the butler, housekeeper, the footman, the house maid, and scullions, were all in the profoundest mourning. The keeper went out to shoot birds in a crape band; nay, the very scare-crows in the orchard and fruit-garden were ordered to be dressed in black. Sister Anne was the only person who refused to wear black. Mrs Bluebeard would have parted with her, but she had no other female relative ; and, as we all know, a woman must hnve a female relative under any circumstances nf pain, or pleasure, or profit-when she is married, or when she is widowed, or when she is in a delicate situation. Bluebeard Hall is situated, as we all very well know, in a remote country district, and, al though a fine residence, is remarkably gloomy and lonely. To the widow's susceptible mind, after the death of her-darling husband, the place became intolerable. The walk, the lawn, the fountain, the green glades of park over which frisked the dappled dear, all- all recalled the memory of her beloved. Uncontrollable emo tions, bursts of passionate tears, would follow these tender reminiscences of the widow; and the long and short of the matter was, that she was determined to give up Bluebeard Hall and live elsewhere ; her love for the memory of the deceased, she said, rendered the place too wretched. Of course an envious and sneering world said that she was tired of the country and wanted to marry again ; but she little heeded tis taunts, and Anne, who hated her-stepmother and could not live at home, was fain to accom pany her sister to the town where the Blue beards have had for m au y years a very large, ta en (eel, old-fashioned house. So she went to the town house, where they lived and quarrelled pretty much as usual ; and though Anne often threatened to leave her and go to a boarding house, of which there were plenty in the place, yet alter all to live with her sister, and drive out in the carriage with the footman and coach roan in mourning, and the lozenge on thc panels, with the Bluebeard and Shacabac arms quar iered on it, was far more respectable, and so the lovely sisters continued to dwell together. For a lady under Mrs Bluebeard's circum stances, the town house had other and peculiar advantages. Besides being an exceedingly spacious and dismal brick building, with a dis mal iron railing in front, and long dismal thin windows, with little panes of glass, it looked out into the churchyard, where, time out of mind, between two yew trees, one of which is put into the form of a peacock, while the other represents a dumb-waiter, it looked into the church- yard where the monument of the late. Bluebeard was |d ced over the family vault. It was (he first tiling; the widow saw from her bed room window in the morning, and'twas sweet to watch from the parlour the palid moonlight lighting up the bust of the departed, and Virtue throwing great black shadows across it. Poly anthuses, rhododendra, ranuucluses, aud other flowers with the largest names, and of the most delightful odours, were planted within the little iron tailing that enclosed the last resüug-pLace of the Bluebeards; and the beadle was instruc ted to half kill any boys who might be caught plucking these sweet testimonies of a wife's af .ted iou. Over (he sideboard in the dining roora hung a full-length of Mr Bluebeard, by Ticklegill, R.A., in a militia uniform, frowning down upon the kniv. s and forks and silver trays. Over the mantelpiece he was represented in a hunting « fistunie on his favorite b°rse ; there was a sticking-plaster silhouette of him in the widow's bed.roolu, and a miniature tn the drawing room, where he was drawn in a gown of black: and gold. Sister Anne said the town house was even more dismal than the country house, for lhere was pure air at th Hail, and it was pleasanter to look out on a park than on a churchyard, however fine the monuments might be. But the widow said she was a light minded hussy, and persisted as usual in her lamentations and mourning. The only male whom she would ad mit within her doo s was the parson of the pa rish, who read se»m<>ns to her. AH other com-! pany she resolutely refused, j Even the officers, thos - all-conqteriug heroes who make such ravages in females' hearts, and to uhom all ladies* doors are commonly open, could never get an entrance into the widow's house. Captain Blackheart!, whose whiskers vied in magnitude with those of the deceased Bluebeard himself, although he attended church regularly ever, week - he who had not dark ened the doers of a church for about ten years befoie-even Captaiu Biackbeard got nothing for his piety. lits ieve>e»ce the parson highly applauded the widow's conduct to the officers ; but, being himself of rather a social turn, he represented to the lovely mourner that she should endeavor to diveit Uer grief bv a little re«pe« la'de society, and recommended that dbe should Iront time to time entertain a few grave and sober persons whom he would present to ber. io Dr Sly had au unbounded influence over the fair mourner, she acceded lo his desires ; and accordingly be introduced to her house some of lite most vene rable and worthv of his acquaintance-all married people, however, so that the widow should uot take the least alarm.. lt happened that the doctor had a nephew, w ho waa a iawyei in Loudoq, and this gentleman came dutifully in the long vacation to pay a visit to his reverend uncle. " He ¡a none of your roystering, dashing young fellows," said his Reverence ; " he is the de light of his mamma and sisters; he never drinks! anything stronger than tea ; he never missed church thrice a Sunday for these twenty years : and I hope, my dear and amiable madam, that you wilt not object tn receive this pattern of .young men for the sake of your most devoted friend, his" uncle.*' The widow consented to receive Mr Sly. He was not a handsome man certainly. " But what does that matter ? " said the Doctor; "he is good, and virtue is better than all the beauty of all the dragoons in the Queen's service." Mr Sly came there to dinner, and he came to tea : and he drove out with the widow ia the carriage with the lozenge in it ; and at church he handed the psalm book ; and, in short, he paid her every attention which could be ex pected from so polite a young gentleman. At this the town began to talk, as people in towns wi(f. *' The Doctor kept all the bachelors out of the widow's house," said they, " in order that that ugly nephew of his may have the field entirely to himself." These speeches were of course heard by sister Anne, and the little minx was not a little glad to take advantage of them, in order to induce her sister to see some more cheerful company. The fact is, the young hussy loved a dance or a game at cards much more than a hum-drum conversation over a tea-table ; and so she plied her sister day and night with hints as to the pro propriety of opening her house, receiving the gentry of the county, and spending her fortune. To this point the widow at length, though with many sighs and vast unwillingness, acceded ; and she went so far as to order a very becoming half- mourning, in which ail the world declared she looked charming. " I carry," said she, " my blessed Bluebeard in my heart-that is in the deepest mourning for him, and when the heart grieves there is no need! of outward show." So she issued cards for a little quiet tea and supper, and several of the best families in the town and neighbourhood attended her entertain ment. lt was followed by another and another; and at last Captain Blackheard was actually introduced, though, of course, he came iu plain clothes. Dr. Sly and his nephew never could abide the captain. "They had heard some queer stories," they said, «* about proceedings in barracks. Who wns it that drank three bottles at a sitting? who had a mare that ran for the plate ? and why was it that Dolly Collins left the town so sud denly?' Mr Sly turned up the whites of his eyes as his uncle asked these quesiions, and sighed for the wickedness of the world. But for ail that he was delighted, especially at the anger whicii the widow manifested when the Dolly Cod di in s affair was hinted at. She was furious, and vowed she would never eee the wretch again. The lawyer and his uncle were charmed. O short sighted lawyer and parson, do you think Mrs Bluebeard would have been so angry if she had not been Jealous ?-do you think she would have been jealous if she had not-had not what ? She protested that she uo more cared for the captain than she did for one of her footmen ; but the next time he called she would not con descend to say a word to him. " My dearest Miss Anne," said the captain, as he met her in Sir Roger de Coverley (she was herself dancing with lin sign Trippet), " what is the matter with your lovely sister ?" " Dolly Coddlins is the matter,1' said Miss Anne. "Mr Sly has told all;" and she was down the middle in a twinkling. The captaiu blushed so at this monstrous in sinuation that anyone could see how incoriect it was. He made innumerable blunders in the dance, and was all the time casting such fero cious glances at Mr Sly (who did uot dance, but sat by the widow and ate ices), that his partner thought he was mad, and that Mr Sly became very uneasy. When the dance was over, he came to pay his respects to the widow, and in so doing, somehow trod so violently on Mr Sly's foot that that gentleman screamed with j pain, and presently went home. But though he was gone the widow was not a whit more j gracious to Captain Blackheart!. She requested Mr Trippet to order her carriage that night, and went home without uttering one single word to Captain Blackboard. The next morning, and with a face of preternatural longitude, the Rev. Qr. Sly paid a visit to the widow. " The wickedness and bloodthirstiness of the world," said he, ** increase every day. O my dear madam, what monsters do we meet in it - what wretches, what assassins, are allowed to ! go abroad ! Would you believe it, that this | morning, as my nephew was taking his peaceful morning meal, one of the ruffians from the bar racks presented himself with a challenge from Captain Black beard ? " ?' Is he hurt ? " screamed the widow. *' No, my dear friend, my dear Frederick is not hurt. And oh, what a joy it will be to think you have that tender solicitude for his welfare!** *' Vou know 1 have always had. the highest respect for him," said the widow ; who, when she screamed, was iu truth thinking of somebody else. But the Doctor did not choose to interpret her thoughts in that way, and gave all the benefit of them to his nephew. " That anxiety, dearest madam, which you express for him emboldens me, encourages me, authorises me, to press a point upon you which I am sure must have entered your thoughts ere now. The dear youth in whom you have shown such an interest lives but for you ! Yes, fair lady, start not at hearing that bis sole affections j are yours ; and with what pride shall I*,carry back to him the news that he is uot indifferent to you !" *' Are they going to fight?" continued the lady, in a breathless state of alarm. '* For Heaven's sake, dearest Doctor, prevent the horrid, horrid meeting. Send for a magistrate's warrant ; do anything ; but do not suffer those misguided young men to cut each other^s (bloats!" ** Fairest lady, I fly !" said the Doctor, and went back t» lunch quite delighted with the evident partiality M rs Bluebeard showed for his nephew. And Mrs Bluebeard, not content with exhorting him to prevent the duel, rushed to Mr Pound, the magistrale» informed him of the facts, got out warrants against both Mr Sly and the Captain, and would have put them into exe cution, but it was discovered that the former gentleman had abruptly left town, so that the constable could not lay hold of him. It some how, however, became to be generally known that the Widow Bluebeard had declared herself tn favour of Mr Sly, the lawyer ; that she had fainted when told her lover was about to fight a duel ; finally, that she had accepted him, and would marry him as soon as the quarrel between him and the Captain was settled. Dr Sly, when applied to, hammed and ba'ed, and would give no direct answer, but he denied nothing, and looked so knowing, that all the world was cer tain of the fact ; and the county paper next week s ated : " We understand that the lovely and wealthy Mrs Bl-b-rd is about once more to enter the bands of wedlock with our distinguished townsman, Frederick S-v, Esq., of the Middle Temple, London. The learned gentleman left town tn consequence of a dispute with a gallant son of Mars, which was likely to have led to warlike results, had not a migistrate's warrant intervened, when the Captain was bound over to keep the peace," In fact, as soon as the Captain was so bound over, Mr Sly came back, stating that he had quitted the town not to avoid a duel-far from it, but to keep out of the way of the magistrates, and give the Captain every facility. He had taken out no warrant ; he had been perfectly ready to meet the Captain ; if others had been more prudent, it was not his fault. So be held up his head, and cocked his hat with the most determined air ; and all the lawyers' clerks in the place were quite proud of their hero. As for Captain Blackbeard, his rage and indignation may be imagined : a wife robbed from him, his honour put in question by an odious, lanky, squinting lawyer ! He fell ill of a fever incon tinently, and the surgeon was obliged to take a quantity of blood from him, ten times the amount of which he swore he would have out of the veins of the atrocious Sly. The announcement in the Mercury, however, filled the widow with almost equal indignation. " The widow of the gallant Bluebeard,1' she said, " marry aa odious wretch who lives in dingy chambers in the Middle Temple ! Send for Dr Sly." The Doctor came : she rated him soundly, asked him how he dared set abroad such calum nies concerning her ; ordered him to send his nephew back to London at once ; and, as he valued her esteem, as he valued the next pre sentation to a tat living which lay in her gift, to contradict everywhere, and in the fullest terms, the wicked report concerning her. "My dearest madam," said the Doctor, pulling hts longest face, «'you shall be obeyed. The poor lad shall be acquainted with the fatal change in your sentiments." " Change in my sentiments, Dr SJy !" " With the destruction of his hopes, rather let me say ; and Heaven grant that the dear boy have strength to bear up against the misfor tune which comes so suddenly upon him !*' The next day sister Anne came with a face fu.ll of care to Mrs Bluebeard. " Oh that unhappy lover of yours ! ' said she. "Is the Captain unwell?" exclaimed the widow. " No, it is the other," answered sister Anne. ** Poor, poor Mr Sly ! He made a will leaving you all, except five pounds a year to his laun dress : he made his will, locked his door, took heart rending leave of his uncle at ni^ht, and this morning was found hanging at hts bed-post when Sambo, the black servant, tjok him up his water to shave. * Let me be buried,' he said, ' with the pincushion she gave me and the locket containing her hair.' Did you give him a pin cushion, sister? did you give him a locket with your hair?" " lt was only silver-gilt !" sobbed the widow; " and now, oh Heavens ! I have killed him !" The heart-rending nature of her sobs may be imagined; but they were abruptly interrupted by her sister. "Killed him?-no such thing! Sambo cut him down wheu he was as black in ths face as the hunest negro himself. He came down to breakfast, and I leave you to fancy what a touching meeting took place between the nephew and uncle." " So much love !" thought the widow. "What a pity he squints^so ? If he would but get his eyes put stiaight, I might perhaps-" She did not finish the sentence : ladies often leave this sort of sentence in a sweet confusion. But, hearing some news regarding Captain Blackbeard, whose illness and blood- letting were described to her most pathetically, as well as accurately, by the Scotch surgeon of the regiment, her feelings of compassion towards the lawyer cooled somewhat ; and when Dr Sly called to know if she would condescend to meet the unhappy youth, she said, in rather a distrait manner, that she wished him every happiness; that she had the highest regard and respect for him ; that she besought him not to think any more of committing the dreadful crime, which would make her unhappy for ever ; but that she thought, for the sake of both parties, they bad better not meet until Mr Sly's feelings had grown somewhat more calm. " Poor fellow ! poor fellow !" said the Doctor, " may he be enabled to bear his frightful cala mity \\. I hâve taken away his razors from him, and Sambo, my man, never lets bim out of his sight.73 \- The next day Mrs Bluebeard thought of I sending a friendly message to Dr, Sly's asking for news of the health of his nephew ; but, as j she was giving her orders on that subject to John Thomas, the footman, it happened the Captain arrived, and so Thomas was sent down stairs again. And the Captain looked so de lightfully interesting with his arm iu a sling, and his beautiful black whiskers curling round a face I which was paler than usual, that at the end of two hours the widow forgot the message alto gether, and, indeed, I believe, asked the Cap tain whether he would not stop and dine. Ensign Trippet came, too, and the party was ' very pleasant ; and the 'military gentlemen laughed hugely at the idea of the lawyer having j bten cut off the bed-post by the black servant, 1 and vt ere so witty on the subject, that the widow \ ended by half believing that the bed-post and hanging scheme on the part of Mr Sly was only a feint -a trick to win her heart. Though this, to be sure« was not agreed to by the lady with out a pang, for, entre nous, to hang oneself for a lady is no small compliment to ber attractions, and perhaps, Mrs Bluebeard was rather disap pointed at the notion that the hanging was not : a bona fide strangulation, However, presently her nerves were excited again ; and she was consoled or horrified, as the case may be (the* reader most settle the point according to his ideas and knowledge of woman kind) ; she was at any rate dreadfully excited by the receipt of a billet in the well-known clerk-like hand of M r Sly. It ran thus : " F saw fon UiroQeb Tour dining-room windows. Yon were hob-nobbing with Captain Blackheart!. You looked rosy and well. You smiled. You drank off the champagne at a single draught. I can bear it no more. Live on, smile on, and be happy. My ghost shall repine, perhaps, at your happiness with another-bot in life I should go mad were I to witness it. It is best that I should be gone. When you receive this tell my unole to drag the fish-pond at the end of Bachelor's Acre. His blaok servant Sambo accompanies me, it is true. But Sambo &ha;!l perish with me should bis obstinacy venture to restrain me from my purpose. I know the poor fellow's honesty well, but I also know my own de. «pair. Sambo will leave a wife and seven children. Be kind to those orphan mulattoes for the sake of " FREDERICK." The widow gave a dreadful shriek, and in terrupted the two Captains, who were each just in the act of swallowing a bumper of claret. Fly-fly-save him," she screamed ; "save him, monsters, ere it is too late ! Drowned ! - Frederick !-Bachelor's Wa-.'* Sypcope took place, and the rest of the sen tence was interrupted. Deucedly disappointed at being obliged to give up their wine, the two heroes seized their cocked hats, and went towards the spot which the widow in her wild exclamations of despair had sufficiently designated. Trippet was for running to the fish-pond at the rate of ten miles an hour. " Take it easy, my good fellow," said Cap tain Bluebeard ; " running is unwholesome after dinner. And, if that squinting scoundrel of a lawyer does drown himself, I shan't sleep any the worse." So the two gentlemen walked very leisurely OD towards the Bachelor's Walk : and, indeed, seeing, on their way thither, Major M acaba w looking out of the window at his quarters and smoking a cigar, they went up stairs to consult the Major, as also a bottle of Scheidam he had. ** They come not !" said the widow, when restored to herself. " Oh ! Heavens ! grant that Frederic is safe ! Sister Anne, go up to the leads and look if any body is coming." And up, accordingly, to the garrets sister Anne mounted. *' Do you see any body coming, sister Anne ?" " I see a crowd-a shutter-a shutter with a man on it-a beadle-forty little boys-gracious goodness ! what can it be. Dawn stairs tumbled sister Anne, and was looking out of the parlour window by her sister's side, when the crowd she had perceived from the garret, passed close by them. At the head walked the beadle, slashing about at the little boys. Two scores of these followed and sur rounded a SHUTTER carried by four men. On the shutter lay Frederick! He was ghastly pale, his hair was dragging over his face ; his clothes stuck tight to hint on account of the wet; streams of water gurgled down the shutter sides. But he was not dead ! He turned one eye round towards the window where Mrs Blue beard sat, aud gave her a look which she never could forget. Sambo brought up the rear of the procession. He was quite wet through ; and, if anything would have put his bair out of curl, j his ducking would have done so. But, as he was not a gentleman, he was allowed to walk ' home on foot, and, as he passed the widow's I window, be gave her one dreadful glance with his goggling black eyes, and moved on pointing with his hands to the shutter. John Thomas, the footman, was instantly despatched to Dr. Sly's to have news of the patient. There was no shilly-shallying now. He came back in half an hour to sav that Mr Frederick Sung himself into Bachelors Acre fish pond with Sambo, had be°n dragged out with difficulty, had been put to bed, and had a pint of white wine whey, and was pretty comfortable. " Thank Heaven ! ' said the widow, and gave John Thomas a seven-shilling piece, and sat down with a lightened heart to tea. " What a heart !" said she to sister Anne. " And oh, what a pity it is that he squints !" Here the two Captains arrived. They had remained at Major Macabaw's consulting the Schiedam. They had made up their minds what to say. *' Hang the fellow ! he will never have the pluck to drown himself," said Captain Black beard. " Let us argue on that, as we may safely." «« My sweet lady/' said he, accordingly, " we have had the pond dragged. No Mr Sly. And the fisherman who keeps the punt assures us that he has not been there all day." " Audacious falsehood !" said the widow, her eyes flashing fire. " Go, heartless man ! who dares to trifle thus with the feeling of a respec table and unprotected woman. Go, sir, you're only fit for the love of a-Dolly- Coddlins!" ( To be concluded in our next.) _ / 