AMERICAN DUELLING. THE American papers give an account of a duel at New Orleans, fought with the ferocity which characterises American duelling. The | parties were Mr. Hueston, of the Baton Rouge Gazette, and the Honorable Alcee Labranche. It appears, that Mr. Hueston had published in his paper an article against Mr. Labranche. Soon after Mr.Labranche saw the article, he heard that Mr. Hueston was in New Orleans ; and he at once took a stick, and went in search of him. He found Hueston at a billiard-table with a cue in his hand. A few words passed between them, ,f r.i.rânchsitruckhimanafoHowea ^K«Ti ,imea b6fore « "/ Dfhl!« A When they were separated, ",e 'i "it that Hueston was killed ; and ' H'' & the room and conceal liim Vnfi Ve refused to do. At length he «ÍÍ £w be room and go to some f íb. city, which be named, upon con r á 'ome person, who should remain ii,»» ft"j""1 ,r jjuest0n or his friends tie«, «"¡«ht be found if they should de *rib,S more from him. 'This being »<e ?Wr Labranche left the room and f*l!X nlacc which he had designated. 'inlt0' "?Wednesday, the 16th nit., and ®?X evening following, the duel was ?SA ft» Orfeón« Diamond of the fyV ',"" thus describes tho combat, the r"!r« which requires no comment: ^«rita met at six o'clock at the "Mort distance from the Gentilly L The distance ogreed upon was forty »T .J tlie weapons selected double rtjl ¿nï »ob« loadeu with ball Kifto fir" between the words'one' '% ' They fought four rounds, the ,BiM«hichwasaifollows: "S'KOS-Mr. Labranche discharged i ,u.r«b at the same time, and before Mr. JîSSdflrëd ««.epnd barrel, the time ? j Inn expired, Of course, he lost a fire. ^Round-Both fired, single barrels at ?J,T Mr. Labranche'? second barrel Apwaloons of Mr. Hueston, and *3 » the knees of them without l0?Ä!d-Mr. Labranche fired both 1,-1 at the same time ; tne balls passed Egh the bat of Mr. Hueston, about two "Äund-Mr. Hueston fired. Mr. I.banche's shot took effect on the eft side, "Z lMt rib, and passed out on the other ÎÎ milting low down. He threw Ins gym fÄ»nd fell back at lull length on the '"und, The wound was at first pronounced mitti by the physicians in attendance., "The parties exhibited on the ground the "towncoolness and fortitude. Mr. Hueston futilMid on a litter and carried to a house «at the pound. We are liappy to state that tillite hour last night hopes were enter- itis of his recovery. « P8.-Most sincerely do we regret the iii« ¿hit devolves upon us of announcing the Jeath of Mr. Hueston. Ho expired at half- st U o'clock, in the full possession of his ¡until faculties^_ Boulia PaaBECUTioN.-The case of Dr. Killer, now the object of Papal persecution ¡n Madeira, is a subject to which our readers ,¡11 be hippy that we recur. It is one, in feed, to which of necessity we must recur, wd in which all will feel deep interest who ¡tarin mind the apostolic admonition, " Re- member them that are in bonds as bound with them." The reply to the representation tint vis made to the Foreign Office was so far «II; hut, unquestionably, the .supineness of tie Government on such subjects requires to be greatly quickened by the force of public opinion. Dr. Kalley commenced his labours on the principle of conciliation, conceiving fat there was quite enough of common «round in the Roman Catholic and Protestant nüilons to form a basis of instruction for the poor ignorsnt Portuguese, without touch- ing on points of difference. It is clear, how em, that his practice has been better than bli theory : he has raised the standard of Protestantism, and openly preached the gos pfl, For some time he proceeded with the acquiescence, and apparent approval, (f the native authorities of Madeira. In Jmnaiy last, however, they began to iinpri ion his converts, and shortly after, be himself «ss subjected to the series of oppressive acts ihich we have already noticed, and which ltd to applications for protection to our ' Foreign Secretary. These, in the first in itince, proving quite fruitless, his persecu- tor! «ne encouraged to proceed farther ; and, in July last, he was put into the common jriion, where he remained when the last ac- counts left Madeira. His imprisonment was effected by an artifice. Every British sub- ject »entitled, by treaty, to what is called "horaenagem," i. e. imprisonment in his own bouse, if accused of any violation of the laws of Portugal, till he is brought to trial. But Dr. Kalley was requested to accompany the officers of justice while certain, papers were prepared, and was thus inveigled into the placeof confinement. Had he been aware of (lie mare that was laid for him, he would have insisted on his rights as a British subject, ni refilled to accompany the ofliceis to the prison. It is now intended to try him on a capital charge, for seducing "Catholics" from (lie true Church, there being a law which usips to this offence the punishment of death. In the mean time, his enemies were proposing to send him to the Ilhéo, a prison on a fortified island, or rather rock, on the coast of Madeira, where, in all probability, bil friends would be no longer able to com- municate with him. Indeed, if once be goes lhere, we think it not improbable we shall never hear of him again : for the enemies of religious reform in Portugal have of late manifested a disposition to proceed to ex tiemitiet; and in the late civil war of that country, it «as a common practice to get rid of opponents by sending them to submarine dungeons, like tho3e of the Ilhéo. As to the punishment of death assigned to Dr. Kalley's alleged offence by the law of Portugal (and lut death we believe by burning), it may be thought hardly likely that it will be carried «lo execution in the present day. But we Mregood authority for stating, that an in- | oindual was burnt olive at Lisbon (pri- mely) so receutly as 1812, for the alleged crime of heresy ; and since that another, i foreign officer in the Portuguese ser-1 nee, though we cannot state the exact date. ' It ii a melancholy fact that there exists a <ener»i impression in Madeira, that our Go vernment will not protect our countrymen resident in the. Portugese dominions, This wea is countenanced by the apparent reiniss ness of the Foreign Office in this case, and encourages the Portuguese authorities in their treatment of Dr. Kalley. A similar impres- sion »prevalent in Lisbon, and it is cherished V, «Mb «tcumstances as the following. Our minuter at Lisbon, Lord Howard de Walden, Mwrshowi his face at the British Church: »nu it ii s question discussed in Lisbon, ironi Mlly Mikapa, whether he ii a Protestant or a «minist, Our Consul at Lisbon is married to a Roman Catholic. The Vice-consul is a wgoledRomanist; the principal man of busi «siin Lord Howard's ofliceis also a Romanist. «neLonsul at Madeira is only nominally a «olestant; and it is chiefly to his remiss HMi(to me no harsher term) that Dr. Kalley «tributes the great audacity of his persecu- tors, trom what we leam, it appears that in we present peculiar times, the whole system « our foreign representation, including Am Miiaiors, Ministers, but especially Consuls ina rue-Consuls, is highly deserving of seri- ous public attention. It is indeed obvious, "." 'J «hatever degree »n Englishman is sniea with Romanism, he loses his nation !»,1 con8equently is so for an unfit per ';,V0.»uPpor'British interests abroad, espe ii¡{'." oman Catholic countries-a fact RT 'A nSw,. sorely felt »n many parts of «oman Catholic Ewope.-Ilecord. ti its MEMORAHI>E INTERVIEW.-That was a "ling moment, that was an auspicious hour, lr,tn,?.ant,c hi8tory of Louis Philippe, Wen 8 sliding on the sea-girt coast of his own wel-belovcd Normandy, whilst the golden 1,»;!. "n ?arl>' »u-tuinnal sun shed their L.i!0UjColounnE8 °" the peace-approoch lÄ'}0' Great Brîtain. *e monorch I inlWUhfra,ce' u'8nity»a,lu admiration, I? V"? clla«T»>g Queen of our own S1"' oA '! ,iu"e did 1« thiok when tí -r ln Swi,l:«land, a teacher of ma 3« "' ?.'»»»."«1« college, a pedestrian «nie i,ii isoaiidinavia, or, at best, an outlaw in îewo.' i,' Wll5" tl,e llame of Cleans was a KV'"1 »by-word, and when to »hen 1" wa81al,n,°8t an offence in Europe, lZ l,u could cherish a«'d none would «Sl«,iirBot that he did not P°88ea9 ft f""v'rtue. magnanimity or courage, but Zlâ, xv,r ueB ! litUe did he thon ima" SSálimi. h" d?y would artive whel1 he 5fÄ ?*",*? finies of France, and «*>«?. ships of that " Britannia," who still ? > " rules the wares," should anchor at peace in the quiet waters of Treport, conducting to the shores of that land the-young, noble, daring, active, energetic monarch of tho Bri- tish empire. No one can describe but Louis Philippe himself, the light which fell upon his brow, when he beheld with raptuious emo- tions, the graceful figure and the oft-described form of his " fair cousin." The roar of the artillery had music in it for his cars, since it an- nounced to him that his wise and enlightened policy was appreciated; that his honour and fidelity were prized ; that his alliance was sought for and valued; that his sacrifices for peace and order were known and estimated; that so satisfied were the people, the govern- ment, and the monarch of Great Britain, with j the King of the French, that the Queen her- self had come to receive the kiss of friendship and esteem from the French King, to holdout the hand of a sincere friendship to the French people, and to sit side by side in the chateau of the Orleans family, thus recognizing the monarchy of the barricades, the revolution of 1830, the charta of the new dynasty, and_dis- arming all envious, jealous, or unkind spirits, by carrying herself, as a gentle dove, not merely an olive-branch of peace, but even planting on the French soil the olive-tree itself. Long, long may it grow ! May it be cultivated, watered, defended by French honour, gallantry, and truthfulness! May there cease to exists an.y other rivalry between tile subjects of Victoria and those of Louis Philippe than the noble rivalry of who shall be pre-eminent in encouraging the cause of i peace, order, progress, national happiness, individual improvement, and the extension of civilization and truth!-Frazer's Magazine. SCOTTISH FASHIONS IN PARIS.-A letter from Paris says :-" Scottish fashions are all the rage here. In fact, there is nothing else to be seen in the shop windows but gilefs d'Ecosse, patelots d'Ecosse, tweeds d'Ecosse, cravates d'Ecosse, and all the multitudinous articles of the female toilette d'Ecosse. Everything that is worn is Scotch, or called Scotch. The very children are dressed en tirely in what is intended for Scotch plaids and they really might be taken for juvenile Highlanders by those who have never seen one. Ladies' dresses and bonnets are out- rageously Scotch, or intended to be so ; and the waistcoats and cravats, and pantaloons, and light summer coats of their husbands, lovers, and friends, are all of the pattern of the tartan. So general is the rage for Scotch things, that on going into a shop to buy a pair of gloves, I was actually pressed to pur- chase some socks and stockings d'Ecosse. THE QUEEN.-A gentleman who was amongst the first to welcome Her Majesty to England, on herlanding at Brighton,has been telling me of the effect produced upon the Queen by the visit she has just paid to our lively neighbours. It is one of unmixed pleasure, and I have no doubt it will be found the commencement of ' a constant trip to the continent every year. Her Majesty has already expressed something like an intention to that effect. I am told that Her Majesty expressed herself to the effect that Thursday was one of the happiest days of her life ; for on that day she had been the object of the purest demonstrations of respect from the people of France, and of the sincerest devotion from her own subjects. | In two of the greatest countries of the world she found herself, within the short space of six hours, the centre object of the most unbounded popularity. I could mention facts to show the tact and quickness of Her Majesty in de- tecting, at one glance, the character and pro- fession of those by whom she may be sur- rounded for the moment, and the aptness with which she hits upon that which she feels will be most agreeable to them; but these facts I do not feel myself at liberty to men- tion ; because it never could be supposed that they would become matters for publica- tion. I only now refer to them as hearing out a statement which Hong since made with respect to Her Majesty-that it is impossible tor any one lo approach her and not feet that her personal demeanour casts a hulo around the crown which she so deservedlv wears. Knowing this, and feeling it most deeply, I cannot but regret that any circumstance should have occurred which deprives, for another year, her Irish subjects from having the happiness of welcoming Queen Victoria to their shores.-Correspondent of Dublin Monitor. CLOSE op BAUTIIOHTMBW -PAM.-This an- nual fair has closed its languid existence. There is scarcely an event in the metropolis that more clearly shows an alteration in our public customs, and in the tone, feeling, and taste of society than the gradual decline of this annual gathering. Tlieie was nothing from the opening proclamation by the Lord Mayor till the time the tents were struck, that indicated any of the bustle, merriment, fun, or mischief that characterised it even so late as a dozen years ago. All the great show booths and refreshment stalls were wanting not an equipage was seen-even the pick- pockets were idle, for there were no pockets worth picking. Though there were in the evening groups of idlers strolling about the few toy and gingerbread stalls scattered here and there, the policemen had almost a sine- cure, and the magistrates were not delayed longer on tho bench for the dispensation of justice than usual. In a few yiars people wil 1 only read or hear of the doings of " Bartlemy Fair." With the termination of the fair yesterday, there has probably expired the most summary'and expeditious, it not the most ancient, Court of Law and Jus- tice in the Metropolis. Divested gra- dually of its high powers, and its collection of piccage, toilage, and stallage, formerly realizing large sums, its business has this year dwindled to merely collecting a few paltry tolls from gingerbread-stall keepers, which haye been barely sufficient to pay for the expense of the room at the Hand and Shears, in Cloth-fair, where, as a matter of form, its sittings are held, and for the remu- neration of its necessary officers. This court, which is incidental only to some fairs, is, as its name of Norman French imports, of very high antiquity, and it gave power to the steward ot the manor, in which such fairs w.re held, of summary jurisdiction for of- fences committed therein. It is called pie poudre, either from the dusty feet of the suitors, or because justice was there adminis- tered as quickly as it was possible to wipe dust from the shoes of the applicants. Al- though formerly the court took jurisdiction ,of many criminal as well as civil cases, this has for the last few years been confined solely to collecting the tolia from ,stall and show keepers, or to take cognizance of any invasion on the room or stand of a rival trader. The last case in which a criminal application was made was a few years since, when one of the Thespian corps of Richardson's Theatre ap- plied for redress againt a'brother performer, for the abduction of his fair hut frail paitner, in which, however, the court had no control. THE QUEEN IN FKANCE.-"One half the world," it is said, " don't know how the other half lives," and the impression in France ap- pears to be that our beloved Queen lives chiefly on Cheshire cheese and London por- ter. The only luxuries that the papers men- tion as having been sent for by Louis Philippe for the entertainment of his fellow-sovereign are "filthy beer," and strong family Cheshire." The papers say that u French agent has been sent to London for the purpose ot getting these articles, and we happen to know that the in- dividual alluded to experienced considerable difficulty owing to his igiiornncc> of the En- glish language. His first inquiry was for robuste de Londres (London stout), but gain- ing no attention, he asked for some parfait de pain blanc ( Whitbrend's entire). Finding his way at length to a public- house, and his instruc- tions having referred particularly to double X., lie called lustily ot the bar for some deux fois dix ; and the publican, not understanding him, pointed to a cask labelled Old Tom, which induced the agent to exclaim with con- siderable energy, " Non, non, non-pas de ve- nerable Thomas." The search for the Cheshire cheese was also a source of considerable em- barrassment, and the inquiry îat fromage fort a la bonne famille (good strong family cheese) was very unsuccessful in the New-cut, into which the agent had wandered in his search for the course but wholesome condiment. Being a stranger in London, the emissary, mustering up all the English he could, ad- dressed a stranger thus, " Vii you av de boule to tel de v'ay-1 shall lind Cheshire?" The I answer fo which waa giren rather by way of 1 comment to a bystander in the following terms :-T-" I say, Bill, hero's a turn cove ! he wants to find the way into Cheshire 1 After thesa and other difflculius hud been sur- mounted, the cheese and porter were shipped on board the Dart, steamer, which was very properly commanded by Captain Cheese.nan. -Punch. RYDE, ISLE or WIGHT, OCT. 2.-Yesterday the Rev. R. Waldo Sibthorp received the Holy Communion at the parish church at St. Helen's, near this town. We presume this is a virtual return to the bosom of the Anglican I Church. PnoonESS or Tim FREE CHURCH IN GLASGOW. -Wo again note'the progress of church building in this city in connection with the Free^ Church. Free St. Paul's is rapidly drawing near completion, and is expected to be opened for public worship about the end of this month. Free St. George's is also in a forward state, and is expected to be opened by the first December. Free St. Davids's and Anderston (Mr. Somerville's) have just been roofed in. Melville Church (Dr. Henderson's) is in process of being roofed. Mr. Buchanan's, Free St. Andrew's, and Free St. Matthew's are commenced, and have made considerable progress. Patrick and Govan churches are going on rapidly. Tha building of free St. James's (the congregation assembling for the present in Chalmers Church) has not com- menced, but preparations are in progress. Free St John's congregation remain for the present in the church in East Regent Street. We do notas yet hear of any movement on the south side of the river, where we are aware there is a large body of adherents. Guardian. HEALTH OP SIR ROBERT PEEL.-TheLondon correspondents of some of the Irish journals, in the dearth of other mutter, have drawn a very startling picture of Sir It. Peel's present state of health, and have significantly intimated that he is labouring under some chronic diaease.lliat threatens fatal rcsuls. We aro .Jîappyin'hëirfgS^ that there, is,not the slightest Caui\Atíúwyorxanv^SÍ1wf^' announcements. The Riglit Hon.' Baronet certainly appeared much harrased by the great physical and mental labour which he must have endured during the late Session of Parliament, but beyond that, from which a little relaxation would soon restore him, his health was in no degree affected. We are sorry to see the paragraphs to which we have alluded, copied into the columns of our London contemporaries, for, groundless as they are, they are calculated to give pain to those friends of the Right Honorable Baronet, whose distance from him at that moment may prevent their immediate relief from anxiety.-London Observer. Would that it were etiquette for Sovereigns to follow the general fashion, and make a book! Queen Victoria's own account of her excursions, and of her observations and reflec- tions, would be far more interesting than the newspaper reports. And how it would sell! -why, it would bring in a huge additional revenue to the privy purse. The hint is worth taking, and the publishers should forthwith make tenders.-Spectator. BRIKP MEMOIR OF O'CONNELL.- Daniel O'connell was bom on the Gth of August, 1775, at Carhen, near Caherciveen, in the barony of Inveragh, and county of Kerry-the very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and commenced that bloody struggle by which they established their national independence. His father was Mr. Morgan O'connell of Carhen, who was married to Catherine, daughter of Mr. John O'Mullane of Whited Church, in the county of Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donouglies fdliuvj or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Connell was educated on the Continent, partly at Louvain, partly at St. Omer, and partly at Douay. On his re- turn toBritain he had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (thelaw)inEngland, for, to use his own words, "when he was pre- pared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not prepared to receive him." Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mut- ton at the Middle Temple, he was duly ad- mitted to the Irish Bar, in Easter Term, 1796. Mr. O'connell married on the 3rd June, 1802, his relative Mary, the daughter of Mr. Ed- ward O'connell, M.D., of Tralee; he suc- ceeded his father in 1809, and in 1825, by the death of fii% ürfcle ?Maurice O'CaiuieH, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'connell, Knight of the Cross of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and Colonel of the late 6th Regiment of the Irish Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator; he died on the 9th July, 1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in Franco ; he was the youngest of twenty-two children hy one marriage, of whom one-half lived to the age of 99, at which age this vene- rable patriot died ; he was bom in August, 1734, at Derrynane, the residence of his father, Mr. Daniel O'Connell.-Limerick Me* porter. COMICAL CONFERENCE.-The Chinese Com- missioners entertained Sir Henry Pottinger at Nankin, prior to the settlement of the terms of peace. " Numerous patties," says Captain Loch, " of minced meat, pork, arrowroot, vermicelli soup with meat in it, pigs' ear soup, and other strange dishes, were served in succession, in small china and silver bnsins; and in proportion to our various capabilities in making these messes disappear, we seemed to rise in the estimation of the beholders. But human nature could not support this ordeal long; and, as a coup de grace, Ke-Ying (uncle of the Emperor) insisted upon Sir Henry opening his mouth, while he with great dex- terity shot into it several immense sugar- plums. I shall never forget Sir Henry's face of determined resignation, after he found re* monstrances were of no avail, nor the figure of Ce-Ying, as he stood placed before him, in the attitude of a short-sighted old lady thread- ing a needle, poising the bonne bouche between his finger and thumb preparatory to his suc- cessful throw." THE MERMAID.-Country cousins, idlers, flaneurs, and every variety of the sight-seeing species, will hear with mingled pleasure and tribulation, that a mermaid has arrived in this country, and has taken up her residence at the Cosmorama in Regent-street. This far famed syren of the sea has been received with applause and respect by all the potentates through whose dominions she has passed, and is accompanied by a brilliant suite of epithets amongst which we observe tho old stagers,' " indisputable, _ genuine, unquestionable," and a long train of adjectives of that ilk, much used by enormous liars in the exercise of their gentle croft. The mermaid has a most " ancient and fish- like" appearance, and bears a most marvellous resemblance to a youthful baboon, whose nether quarters have been thrust unceremoniously into a salmon's tail. _ Such_ is the impres- sion of the uninitiated in the mysteries of the mammalia. Die reste, the playbill states that " The features are both pleasing and interesting ; its abundance of hair is extraordinary, but coarse as bristles ; its teeth are of a snowy whiteness, without any grinders, with cartilaginous gums, tongue, and roof to the mouth. The two arms, which are short, terminate with short webbed fin- gers, each having the appearance of a nail at the end. The bust is perfectly that of a woman. The back is nearly covered with fins, and to support its body when sitting up in the water it has four fins, placed in oppo- site directions, in fiontofthe body." Phis unsuspected syren was lately a tenant of the Rio de la Plata, where she occupied a roomy grotto full five fathom below the surface of the water. She was in- veigled from her briny retreat hysome fisher- men, who forthwith fell on their knees and worshipped her as she floundered in their net. Whilst the pious piscalori were at their ori- sons the panting mermaid expired, but her divinity being undiiniuished by death,, she was at once stuffed and converted into an idol. The orthodox fishermen eventually sold their goddess to some Europeans, as the South American creed is of that elastic nature which recognises the superior sanctity of the auri sacra fames. The" Edinburgh /leview I lately disinterred a good story respecting that inveterate sight-seer, Lord Stowell. His Lordship was wont to boast that be' had seen every sight and show in England, ile ; ' -" «Ï ?- . '' ! .. II. ' » tendered his shilling to see s new" mermaid, ! hut on bring recognized hy the showman, the man was troubled with ajtwingo of con- science, and returned the inoiey, saying-" I can't cheat so good u customer as your ho- nour; it's only the old say ¿ftpent done up again," If the glass case was taken off this quaint fish, and it were admitled to the scru- tinizing gaze of the curious, perhaps some of the old sight-seers might recognise an old friend with a now face; however, as Charles Lamb sagely observes, it is fir more com- fortable to place implicit faiti in all these wonders, and if we can be humbugged for a shilling, the charge is so moderate that even Joseph Hume would scarcely complain. Morning Posl. WELLINGTON AND BONAPARTE^-The Duke of Wellington, on his return (ron India, oc- cupied the house in St. Heleni which was assigned to Bonaparte on his Wing exiled there ; and subsequently the IJuke, during the occupation of Paris by the ¿Hied troops, occupied Bonapartfc'spalaco. windi gave rise to the following letter to Admiral Malcolm, who commanded at St. Helena. It is a literary curiosity, and|ought to shame ¡diets :-" Paris, April 3, 16IÖ. My dear Malcolm:- I am very much obliged to you for Mr. Simpson's book, which I will read when I Shall have a moment's leasurc. I am glad yoij have taken the command at St. Helena, andjupon which I congratulate you. We must navet be idle, if we can avoid it. You may tell'' Bony' that I find his apartments at the Elyiee Bourbon very convenient, and that I hope he likes mine at Mr, Malcolm's. It is a^roll sequel enough to the affairs of Europe that we should change places of residence.-I am yours most sincerely, WELLINGTON.-Itear Admiral Sir P. Malcolm." j ' STATISTICS OF THE BAPTIST, DSNOMINA I TION.-The annual report of / the Baptist I Union for 1843 gives an account of its state I and operations. The number of Baptist chapels in England and Ireland is 1677 ; of these, 1411 have reported tliers: numbers to the Union, and comprise 131,2?2" members; 4ÍK£í¿íS£!aihü¡¿»&^^ 143,027 children. The cieïr' ÎrierêaSoToPi members during the last year was 9039'Iîn' 1274 chapels. ' ' ' c1 ti jtl 