A GHOST STORY OF CHRISTMAS. [By Boz.] ( Continued from last Saturday's Gazette .) The spirit of Christmas which, ever and anon, in his benevolence, shed the sprinklings of his torch, rife with super- added happiness, on the cheerful, led Scrooge to the dwelling of his clerk. " On the threshold of the door the spirit smiled, and stopped to bless Bob Cratchit's dwelling with the sprinkles of his torch. Think of that ! Bob had but fifteen 'bob' a week himself; he pocketed on Saturdays but fifteen copies of his Christian name ; and yet the ghost of Christmas Present blessed his four roomed house. " Then up rose Mrs. Cratchit, Cratchit's wife, dressed out but poorly in a twice turned gown, but brave in ribbons, which are cheap, and which make a goodly show for sixpence; and she, then laid the cloth, assisted by Belinda Cratchit, second of her daugh- ters, also brave in ribbons ; while Master Peter Cratchit plunged a fork into the saucepan of potatoes, and, getting the corners of his monstrous shirt collar (Bob's private property, conferred upon his son and heir in honor of the day), into his mouth, rejoiced to find himself so gallantly attired, and yearned to show his linen in the fashionable parks ; and now two smaller Crachits, boy and girl, came tearing in, screaming that, outside the baker's, they had smelt the goose, and known it for their own ; and bask- ing in luxurious thoughts of sage and onion, these young Crachits danced about the table, and exalted Master Peter Cratchit to the skies, while he (not proud, although his collars nearly choked him) blew the fire until the potatoes, bubbling up, knocked loudly at the saucepan- lid to be let out and peeled. " ' What has ever got your precious father, then,' said Mrs. Cratchit ;' and your brother, Tiny Tim ; and Martha warn't as late last Christmas day by half an hour !' "'Here's Martha, mother!' said a girl, appearing as she spoke. " 'Here's Martha, mother !' cried the two young Crachits. " Hurrah ! There's such a goose, Martha !' " ' Why, bless your heart alive, my dear, how late you are !' said Mrs. Cratchit, kissing her a dozen times, and taking off her shawl and bonnet for her, with officious zeal. " ' We'd a deal of work to finish last night,' replied the girl, ' and had to clear away this morning, mother.' " ' Well ! Never mind so long as you are come,' said Mrs. Cratchit, 'Sit ye down before the fire, my dear, and have a warm, Lord bless ye !' "'No, no ! There's father coming,' cried the two young Cratchits, who were everywhere at once. ' Hide, Martha, hide !' " So Martha hid herself, 'and in came little Bob, with at least three feet of comforter, exclusive of the fringe, hang- ing down before him ; and his thread bare clothes darned up and brushed, to look seasonable ; and Tiny Tim upon his shoulder. Alas for Tiny Tim, he bore a little crutch, and had his limbs supported by an iron frame ! " ' Why; where's our Martha ?' cried Bob Cratchit, looking round. " 'Not — coming,' said Mrs. Crat- chit. " " ' Not coming !' said Bob,— with a sudden declension in his high spirits ; for he had been Tim's blood horse till the way from church, and had come home rampant. 'Not coming upon Christmas day !' "Martha didn't like to see him dis- appointed, if it were only in joke ; so she came out prematurely from behind the closet door and ran into his arms, while the two young Cratchits hustled Tiny Tim and bore him off into the wash-house, that he might hear the pud- ding singing in the copper. " ' And how did little Tim behave ?' asked Mrs. Cratchit, when she had rallied Bob on his credulity and Bob had hugged his daughter to his heart's content. " 'As good as gold,' said Bob, ' and better. Somehow he gets very thought- ful sitting by himself so much, and thinks the strangest things you ever heard. He told me, coming home, that he hoped the people saw him in the church, be- cause he was a cripple ; and it might be pleasant to them to remember upon Christmas day who made lame beggars walk and blind men see.' " Bob's voice was tremulous when he told them this, and trembled more when he said that Tiny Tim was growing quite strong and hearty. (To be continued.) 