MISCELLANEA. . „ . A Bride Disappoint.-" Many a s ip, &c.; This adnjro never more fullr ronfied than in a. case which occurred at our parish church, or rather j iatheohareh-ya'd thereunto belonging, on Mnrntar last. Shortly before 12 o'clock, i youthful couple -the lady somewhat on the shady J ^ f diminutive stature, and dressed )n all Ibe dimity I and gingham finery of bridal costume, and a gentleman, ihegrnomelect,(if rftherseedyeiterior—were seen joyously wending their way tip the umhrageoua archway towards the church portal. Tlieir object being Buspeeted—what couple can walk towards u church during the hallowed iMirimMa) hours without, suspicion!—the usual number of stragglers followed is the wafce, to witness ilif. ceremony, j The happy pair wore unencumbered hv witbtr bridesmen or maidens—no anxious attendants waited on them from llwir caTriaees, no groups of friends o. kinslqlk.in favDursand whiietatin, bed been inrited j to the wedding breakfast. The happy couple apparent!;- satisfied with their own bliss, had no thought of its beinc shared in by tlieohtrusive gazo of strangers. Well, in this order, and attended only J bvtbe crowd of unbidden guests before spolen of, : only they to reached return Ihe wives, portal Bnd of within St. Mary's, which ttat so mystic many portal, maidens* through names which hnve heen so many eschewed maidens for ha™ ever passed ; but, us we said before, the old adage was in this cbbb loo sadly verified, and " a slip between tbp cup and the lip" did occur, wbich sent tba elated snrl crnectant bride again to lier solitary home in single blessedness. On reaching the doSr a halt was sSiflenly made by the bridegroom, an earnest consul- J tat ion took place between the parties, and ut length ; the lady, " all blushes end stnilea," dragged forth j iron) tLe deen reces^s of fiernoctetone of tue cur- • coins of !,er Victoria, with which the^ger j swain made off in a double cjoick time towards ibe : High-st. The gratuitous visiters thought doubtless that the rinff had heen forgetten, and the swain j fet.* .heTeurs the opsbot of the matter. Tins disconsohte fair ons maintained her aland at the church door, often send- ing furtive and anrious glances toward* ihe gate, cy and not so the missing bridegroom ; tbe minutes decreased to momi-.r.'-. the hell ofSt. Mary's clock boomed forth tti- " wishing h -ur^r noon," • ttr^sr "i«r: ! bftrsrlf w^lerin^ about !>Ve the ghost in tf-rnkf— alon®, unb)est, «n«*ef|. V/liat was now to betloneT Wiiat ^as n dedicate tind tender una hi a shin? woman, thus the riciini of disappointmont, to do? No lri?nd* around hf-r to 8vm;>fttbi6e in bfcr Borrow, and oxj»o»e»d to iIjd dfrision jpers of a churchyard rehire. The moment tbe restrv-donr vns closed'ette darted to nnotljet, hut (lint wo was hatred against ber ; she Hew from do^r to door, made the circuit of the edifice, but to no puTpose. Thi- moS, -«rer ready to insult mi'ifotiufte, now^ turned iheirJet-Tsioto «peni:isuh j the fair victim vns repolarly imldn»d. end onlr sa^ed froa« personal injury bi' iho i:Kerferenc.' of some of the more decent of 'ii»? tvumoders^tmisied bv ibe police. The ancient bulled lias it, "thesis no fni'h in man,e*n youruwn hn-.thprj'* eod, penile readers, thiss'Teepitig dpo'inri,jiM>n ozwnst iho sterner sex was in this case bu: ?<?o merited* The sira;ile cause of the disinpearnncii of tiie hride^roam wnstlus: feeling, oa arrivi^^ at the church,' bU "resolution, Uke Hob Ar.res 1 conrapft, costing out of bis fingers* ends, the limbless m*n be^^pd oS there awe ihp lown of Is. to procure "a drop of summut sburt," to "snrew his courage to tbe sticking; point." The too ensy bride, nfasf consented, and ibe sequel has been told. Esau sold Ins birlbri?bt for a mess of pottage, Judas betrayed bis master for SO pieces of silver, aod l!io maritUl bltss, hope*, and prospects of ntrr Jittle heroine, on the shady oHe of 41, were so!d hv her •'f.MthlessfvaiQ" for e shilling's worth of boer. Morat—Ladies, never lenti a shilUcg wbej\ you are et the church door, at all events before ibe knot is tied; above ell, marry none but tc-atol&Uers.;—C. Eramfter. Cool RcsoctmoN's.—la a despatch from Sir C. Napier to Lord'Elfenborougb, dated Camp, Abubuihar, January 22, is tbe loll owing anecdote:—"I most tell your Lordship au anecdote of Major Wad* d»n?ton, r.f the eng-infers. In blotriog up Einaum Gburbe took three mines to fire himeelf—they were close together. Having fired the fusees oftvro, he, with hie characteriatic dehberatton, proceeded to apply bis match to the third, which would not ignite. Aa officer v?bo w«s *hb biro cried out—* Gond •God, W'ftddinpton, come array; the tiro mines will explode dirertlr,' and immcdie'ely the officer very properly ran off to a tree, itself much loo close, but iw did cot like to leave tbo major, whose answer "was, with his accustomed slow way of speaking, ' T can't help that,' this mine must be fired and there be actually rt>m»ined lill the third waslrgbted, nnd the other tiro did explode, and he escaped, trailing stray (forthe officer told me it could not be called a run tor any one but SVaddiogton) tinder a shower of ruins, with bis hands over his bead to eave it from falling bricks. Tbis wase rety foolish thins to do, but one fcannotbelp admiring the cool resolution ofthetBan." j FftEpcri Finance.—The national debt of France, which in 1572,under Chsrles IX., was 17,000,000f., was, in 1832, 5,417,495,0}74, At the present time it is Almost 7,OOO>OOO,O0Of, France has already been > bankrupt six limes, viz. .'—Under Sully, who deducted the ioierrst formerly paid oa the rmal at 1 the end of Loaia XIV/s reign, under Desmaret, who paid neither capital nor interest; at the fall of! the " ty$teme Law," under Lepelletier; under the AbbeTerrai, who did not pay the assignments; during the revolution after the crearioa cf45,000,000 of mortgages ,* lastly in i?99, by the reduction of two thirds of the debt. About l7"yeBrs ogo, two soldiers captured b desertferin a Vmage near Barnard Castle called Bowes (now better raoW by the name of "Dotheboys Hall M ), when it bappeoed that they were without land ahaolrfes; * They therefore called at a hardware ebop in the $lace, hot could not supplied. The tradesman, howerer, told them he had a traveller coming next day, and vould order a stock. Ac* cordiogly he otder BgfoM. One ci the <?M«o2di>rs having to pass through the village about a week ago called apon -his accommodating friend, nnd found the whole gross of band Shackles snugly rusting upon s ebelf, — An American paper says that slags may be prevented -Crorn getting into froU trees by tSghtly tying b piece ) < of hair cloth -found the item of the 