LECTURES ON PUSEYISM. Dolitered in the Scott Church, Sydney, 11v tug hev. dr. lang, m c. lecture iv. — the rulb of l'aith. Auaust 4, 1844. All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof , for correction, for instruction in righteousness : Thut the man of God may be perfect , thoroughly furnished unto all good works.— 2 Tim. iii. 16, 17. God, to/to at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, To the fathers, or ancients, God spake by the prophets, or those holy men of old who spake as they were moved by theHoly Ghost ; and what he thus spake to them is recorded tor our learning also in the old Testament. To us, who have the happiness to live in these last days, these days of far greater enlightenment, of a fur cleurer revelation, lie hath spoken in the New Testament by his Son. And what he has thus spoken, whether to the fathers in the first instance, or to us, to all mankind, in the second is pre-eminently culled Scripture, or " that which is written ; ' the whole of what is thus called Scripture being declared in the text to be " profitable lor doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness the great end, moreover, of the infinitely wise and beneficent Jehovah, in giving such a revelation of his ...III m ivi/iwImiwI Kainrv i7s/y fit >lll lU llittii l\ill««y l/wlllg ((< w i onr nature, and, the universal prevalence of that holiness, in heart, speech and behaviour, without which no man shall see the Lord. In accordance with this doctrine of Revelation, we are taught in the ' Shorter Catechism'' of the Presbyterian Church, that admirable compend of Holy Scripture, thut " the word of God, which is con tained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, is the only rule to direct us how we may glorify God and enjoy him for ever;" these Scriptures teaching us principally " what man is to believo con- ceruing God, and what duty God requires of man." In the progress, however, of that corrup tion, both of fuith and practice, which gradually overspread the whole Christian Church alter the apostolic age, very er roneous ideas came to be entertained in regard to the Holy Scriptures as the only rule of faith and practice for christian men. It was at first darkly insinuated from time to time, und afterwards taught openly, that the Holy Scriptures were not sufficient of themselves as a rule of faith and practice, a3 a guide to salvation ; that it was abso lutely necessary to supplement their teach ing with the teaching of the Church on many points on which their testimony was either altogether silent or not sufficiently ex plicit ; that it was actually unsafeto place the sacred volume in the hands of the common people without the accompaniment of Notes and Comments, creeds and catechisms, . decrees of Councils and Traditions of the Fathers. The Holy Scriptuies were thus virtuully dethroned from the place of judgment and authority which they were diviuely intended and fitted to occupy in the estimation of the christian world ; they were locked up in a foreign tongue ft om the use of the great body of the people ; and this monstrous doctrine was at length taught concerning tliem " that they actually depended for their authority throughout the christian world on the authority of the Clmrcli"_that the witness or testimony of God which they embodied was not to he received till it wus con firmed or strengthened by the witness or testimony of man ! This monstrous, this blasphemous doctrine — that the authority of Holy Scripture depends upon the au thority of the Church — was taught so early even as the days of Augustine, minis ter or bishop of Hippo in Africa, a cele brated christian father of the fifth century ; although unaccompanied in his case with those other pernicious doctrines that flowed from it as a necessary consequence in the subsequent progress of corruption and apostacy. But this was not the only fun damental error that had crept into the faith und practice of the Christian church far earlier indeed than the days of Augustine ; and the circumstance demonstrates the ab solute necessity of some standard of appeal fovi Itmliar thnn that nf nripcta nr htahnna councils or popes. And, blessed be God, that standard we have in his own holy word. For to assert that that word deponds in any degree for its authority on the Church, or in other words, on a particular corporation of priests, is as absurd as to maintain that a letter addressed to any in dividual in this Colony by the Secretary of State, or by the Queen herself, must depend for its authority on its bearing the regular Post mark. The Holy Scriptures are God's letters to mankind,, and the only office of the Church in regard to tlievn is to trans'-" mil them and to obey them. They come direct from God himself to every individual of mankind, and as far as their paramount and divine authority is concerned,, the Church has nothing to do but to provide for their due conveyance. Now it has ever been the grand dis tinguishing principle of the Protestant Church since the Reformation to maintain the sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures as a rule of faith and practice, as the only sure guide to- salvation. Roman Cutholics have often indeed reproached Protestants with their endless divisions; but this is a point on which they all agree — this is common ground on which they all meet harmo niously together. In proof of this general agreement of Protestants on the point in question, I shall read an interesting extract from the work of that famous divine- of the Church of England, to whom we stand in debted for the noble maxim, The Bible, the Bible alone is the religion of Protestants. Chillingworth, the cele brated divine I refer to, was a great scholar, a man of vast and various learning, and an eminent christian. He was originally a Roman Catholic, and I believe was educated for the Romish priesthood, but having seen and renounced the errors of his Church be becaine a zealous Protestant and attached himself, in the first instance, to the Pu ritans or Nonconformists of the reign of Charles the Second. But finding that the tyrannical laws o( the period precluded him from the exercise of the holy ministry in that capacity, he was iuduced at length to conform to the Church of England, and lived and died in the communion of that Church. The work from which the fol lowing extract is taken is entitled "The Religion of Protestants a Safe Way to Salvation,'' and in the passage I am about to read he is replying to Mr. Knot, a Roman Catholic . priest, who has been urgiug against him the divisions of Pro- testanis. When I say to Mr. Knot, tho religion of Protestants is in prudence to be preferred, before yours, as on the one side I did not un derstand by you opinion, the doctrine of Bel. lurinine or Hummus, or uny other privato man. amongst yoii, nor tjie doctrine of the; Sorbonnc, or of tile Jesuits, or of the Domini.! cuns, or of any oilier particular coinpunyl among you, but that wherein you nil agreo, or profess to ujree, the duclrino of the Council! of Trent so, accordingly, op the other side,! by " tho religion of Protestants," I do not un derstand the doctrine of Luther, or Calvin, or; Melancthon; nor the confession of Augusta, or Geneva ; nor the catechism of Heidelberg ; nor the articles of the Church of England; no. nor the Harmony of Protestant confessions; but that wherein they all agree, and which they all subscribe with a greater harmony, as a perfect rule of their faith and actions, that is the Bible. Tug Bible, I say, tug Bible is tub religion of Puote stants. What soever else they believe besides it, and the plain, irrefragable, indubitable consequences of it, well may they hold it as a matter of opinion. But as matter of faith and religion, neither can they with coherence to their own grounds believe it themselves, nor require the belief of it of others, without most high- and most schismatical presumption. I, for my part, after a long, (and.as I verily believe and hope) impartial search, of the true way to eternal happiness, do profess plainly, that I cannot find any. rest for the sole of my foot, but upon this rock only. I see plainly, and with mine own eyes, that there are popes against popes, councils against councils,, some fathers against others, the same fathers against themselves, a consent of fathers of one age against a consent of fathers of another age, the Church of one age against thaChurch oi anotner age. 1 raditive interpretations ot Scripture are pretended, but there are few or none to be found. No tradition but only of Scripture can derive itself from the fountain, but may be plainly proved, either to have been brought in in such an age after Christ, or- that in such an age it was not in. In a word, there is no sufficient certainty but of Soripture only, . for any. considering man to build upon. This,, therefore, and this only, I have reason to believe. This I will profess. According to this, I will live, and for this, if there be occasion; I will not only willingly, but even gladly, lose my life, though I should be sorry that Christians should take it from me. Propose me anything out of this book, and require whether I believe it or no, and seem it never so incomprehensible to human reason, I will subscribe it with hand andheart, as knowing no demonstration can be stronger than this, " God has said so, therefore it is true." In other things I will take no man's judgment from him, neither shall any man take mine from me. I will think no man the worse man, nor the worse Christian.; I will love no man the less, for differing in opinion <ijum iue# liu wiitii ultras uru i iuBitt to OliisrS) I expect from them again. I am fully assured that God does not, and therefore that men ought not, to require any more of any uian. than this, to. believe the Scripture to beGod's word, to endeavour lo find the true sense of it, and to live according to it. On this fundamental article of our holy religion, the sufficiency and the paramount authority of Holy Scripture, our own Confession of Faith merely expresses the sentiments of the whole Protestant Church — Lutherans and Calvinists, Episcopalians and Presbyterians, Independents, Metho dists, and Baptists. The following- is an extract from the First Chapter of the Confession of Faith,, entitled, Of the Holy Scriptures. IY. The authority of the Holy Scripture, for which it ought to be believed and obeyed, de pended) not upon tlie testimony of any man or church, but wholly upon God, (who is truth itself.) the author thereof ; and therefore it is to be received, because it is the word of God.. VI. The whole counsel of God, concerning all things necessary for his own glory, man's salvation, faith, and life, is either expressly set down in Scripture, or by good and necessary consequence may be deduced from Scripture : unto which nothing at any time is to be added, whether by new revelations of the Spirit, or traditions of men. Nevertheless we acknow ledge the inward illumination of the Spirit of God to be necessary for the saving understand, ingof such things as are revealed in the word ; and there are some circumstances concerning the worship of God, and government of the church, common to human actions and so- cieties, which are to be ordered by the light of nature and Christian prudence, according to the general rules of the word, which are always to he observed. VII. All tilings in Scripture are not alike plain in themselves, nor alike clear unto all ; yet those things which are necessary to be known, believed, and observed, for sulvation, are so clearly propounded and opened in some place of Scripture or other, that not only the learned; but the unlearned, in a due use of the ordinary means, may attain unto a sufficient understanding of them. IX. The infallible rale of interpretation of Scripture, is the Scripture itself; and therefore, when there is a nuestion about the true And full sense of any soripture, (which is not mani- fold, but one,) it may be searched and known by other places that speak more clearly. X. The Supreme Judge, by whom all con. troversiesof religion are to be determined, and all' decrees of councils, opinions of ancient writers, doctrines of men, and private spirits, are to be examined, and in whose sentence we are to rest. can be no other but the Holy Spirit : speaking in the Scripture. Such, I say, are the doctrines of our common Protestantism in regard to the Holy Scriptures as the only Rule of Faith ; and practice. A sect has recently arisen, however,, within the pale of the Protestant Episcopal Church, under the designation of Puseyism, of which one of the characteristic' features is an endeavour to revive certain of the peculiar doctrines of Popery on the subject of the Holy Scriptures as being anything but the only rule of faith and practice for Christian men. And the ob vious tendency and effect of. the system of diluted Popery, which is thus attempted to be palmed upon the Christian world under . the guise of Protestantism, is to-call in ques tion and to- undermine the paramount au thority of the Holy Scriptures, to represent theii teaching as uncertain and insufficient as a guide to salvation,, nay as absolutely unsafe- and dangerous of itself to the morals and.- religion- of the- community ! In short ther grand- peculiarity both of Popery and Puseyism,. as contradistinguished from the PfninQtanllom r\\( fUn P inn tna Pi'a. SVSWOIUUIIOUl VI IUO Il-OIUIIlJaMUH, 1.41V J. iv- testantism of the Bible, is to make our holy religion depend upon authority rather than upon conviction— on the authority of a cor poration of priests,, calling itself the Church, rather than upon the word of God. Permit me,, on this branch of our subject, to quote the language of a celebrated American divine, a personal friend of my own, of the city of Baltimore, in the United States There are but two possible foundations, upon one or other ot which, ail religion must repose. One is authority the other conviction. The former, professing to emanate from the throne oi God, and to be perpetuated in a manner always supernatural, sustains its pre tensions by unceasing miracles, and appears before men only to state its claims, and receive unqualified obedienee to its behests. To hear, to believe, and to obey, are in its view the sole duties of mankind ;, while to reason, to invest- Hate, to uomriare. to enrmirp to miiilvra. nft» » \ I alike rebellions against its sacred character. On the other hand, the religion of conviction, recognizing God as its author, and the present blessedness and eternal glory of man, as its 'immediate ends, throws open the heart, the mind, and the conscience to its sweet and eu- nobling influences. It appeals constantly to the understanding; it pleads for nothing more earnestly, than for the most ample, thorough and mature consideration ;.it asks for dominion over the affections, the conscience, the in tellect,, only. when< that dominion shall have been conceded by a willing, an enlightened, a convinced spirit. This is oitr religion. The Bible is at once its sacred repository, and the great instrument of its propagation. The peculiar tenets and tendencies of Puseyism in regard to the Holy Scriptuies, as the only rule of faith and practice for Christian men, are strongly observable at the present moment on the important sub ject of Education ;. for while Roman Ca tholics would prohibit the use of the Holy Scriptures altogether in common schools for the education of the people,: the Puseyites will not allow them to be used unless in conjunction with their own notes and com ments, creeds and catechisms, articles and additions. In this way the attempt to establish a General System of Education for this Colony, on a basis on which it was supposed all Protestants could agree — the basis of the Holy Scriptures in the au thorised version — was opposed and defeated a few years ago ; and believing that the failure of any similar attempt would be equally certain now, the iriends of educa tion are driven to tlie necessity o( . looking for a still wider and more comprehensive basis in pursuance of their great object, the education of the people. It is impossible, however,, under all the circumstances of the case, to give the Puseyites credit for a simple and sincere desire for the Christian instruction of the people. Their object is nothing more nor less than the honour and glory, the extension and aggrandisement, of their own communion, and the general subjugation of the minds of men to the paramount authoiity of their priesthood. Like the Pharisees of old— and for similar purposes, and with equally unworthy mo tives— they compass sea and land to make proselytes to their peculiar -system ; and in their eagerness lo monopolize the di- The Rev. Robert Breckinridge, D. D., .Minister of the Second Presbyterian Church, Baltimore, Maryland. rection of the entire youth of the commu nity, they are willing to sacrifice even the grand fundamental principle of the Protes tant Reformation itself, that " the Bible, the Bible alone, is the religion of Pro testants.' to be concluded in our next number. 