EDUCATION. Now that it is probable that His Excel lency has received an answer from the Home Government with reference to the Public School affair, and it may be consi- dered necessary to submit some improve- ments respecting that important department, which, it cannot be denied, has not been brought to a proper state of efficiency, we consider it proper to place before the community a condensed copy of a speech delivered in the Sydney Council on the subject of Education, by the Rev. Dr. Lang, which we extract from the Melbourne Patriot of the 7th instant :— Dr. Lang (continued.) — But there are other Episcopalian ministers, of high standing in their own communion, who are of a very different opinion on this subject. General Martin, a wealthy East Indian, who had amassed a princely fortune, left that fortune, by his will, for the establishment of an institution for the education of youth, directing that the youth to be so educated should be instructed in the Christian religion. Bishop Wilson, of Calcutta, endeavoured long and earnestly to get the in- stitution recognized as an exclusively Epis- copalian establishment ; but the Governors of the institution having determined otherwise, agreed to the following general proposition, for the management of the institution in matters of religion, and appointed a Roman Catholic priest and a Scotch Presbyterian minister to co-operate with the Bishop in ascertaining what these fundamental principles were on which all the communions specified were agreed :—" That the public religious instruction given to the children of the school be in conformity with the principles held in common by the English, Scotch, Roman, Greek, and American churches ; but that the school be not placed under any particular denomination of Christians, and that no points which are in controversy between the said churches be touched upon in the course of public instruction." Bishop Wilson was ex- ceedingly unwilling to agree to such terms; but finding that he would otherwise lose all the hold he had, on behalf of his own communion, on the educational institution, possessed of a splendid building, and funds to the amount of nearly £200,000, he agreed with his two co- adjutors in drawing up the following summary of universally received Christian principles for the institution in question :—" The following are the main truths held in common, on which the public religious instruction should, in your Committee's opinion, proceed : — ' 1st. The Being of God ; his unity and perfections. 2nd. The Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Tes- taments, a revelation inspired by the Holy Ghost. 3rd. The Mystery of the adorable Trinity. 4th. The Duty, Incarnation, Atone- ment, and Intercession of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. 5th. The fall and corruption of man; his accountableness and guilt. 6th. Sal- vation through grace, by meritorious sacrifice and redemption of Christ. 7th. The Person- ality and Deity of the Holy Spirit, and his operations and grace in the sanctification of man. 8th. The indispensable obligation of repentance towards God, faith in Christ, and continual prayer for the grace of the Holy Spirit. 9th. The moral duties which every Christian is bound to perform towards God, his neighbour, and himself, as they are summed up in the ten commandments, and enlarged upon in the other parts of the Holy Scriptures, all based on the doctrines above specified, and enforced as their proper fruits ' " Now this is precisely the principle of Lord Stanley's system of national education. It is objected to such a system that it is an irreligious and infidel system. This I deny in toto. All the funda- mental principles and facts of Divine Revela- tion are embodied in its reading lessons, and in the Scripture extracts, both from the Old and New Testaments, that are read in its schools. It is objected to this system, that it makes an entire separation between secular and religious instruction. This I also meet with a most un- qualified denial. The objection is a mere quibble upon words— upon the meaning of the words religious instruction. For whereas no instruc- tion is deemed religious instruction by the digestor that is communicated directly to the child by a minister of religion. I maintain that, presenting to the understanding and heart of the child such fundamental principles and facts of Divine Revelation as the following, is religious instruction in the highest sense of the word, and I appeal to the common sense of mankind whether it is not :—" Hear, O Israel, the Lord thy God is one Lord. God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth. There is none righteous, no, not one. All have sinned and come short of the glory of God. The wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. It is appontied unto all men once to die, but after death the judgment. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him. should not perish, but have everlasting life. God spared not his own son, but delivered him.up freely to the death for us all. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy soul, with, all thy heart, with all thy strength and with all thy mind. This is the first commandment ; and the second is like unto it : Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. Whatever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them. He hath showed thee, O man, what is good ; and what do the Lord thy God require of thee, but to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God. Pure religion, and undefined before God, even the Father, is this: to visit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." I have used the authorised version in these passages. In the Scripture extracts of the Stanley system, such passages are given sometimes in the authorised and sometimes in the Douay ; but in no instance is there the slightest difference in the meaning of His text. And as the Church of England make use of two versions of the psalms, the circumstance is by no means unprecedented to the members of that communion. Considering the machinery that the Episcopal Church has the agitation in this matter, I am not at all sur- prised at the number of petitions that have been presented against the general system, con- sidering the peculiar position of those who have been instrumental in getting up these petitions, and very exceptionable means that have been generally taken to get them nume- rously signed. They have uniformly been got up by the clergy, and chiefly by those of the Episcopal Church. Now, considering the ex tensive machinery which that church can employ for such a purpose, and the influence which a resident minister of her communion, in every district of the colony, can command, I confess I am not in the least surprised, either at the number of the petitions against the general system, or at the number of signatures they have obtained. On the contrary, I was pre- pared, from the first, for a still greater number of hostile petitions, and for a still more nume- rous array of signatures. Let it not be sup- posed, however, that the ministers who have been concerned in getting up these petitions are to be considered as free agents in the matter —as expressing their own candid opinions on the subject. On the contrary, they are not at liberty to have any private opinion on the sub- ject, or, at least, to give expression to that opinion if they have. They are all under the vow of canonical obedience, and can only think and act in the matter as they are bidden by their lord and master. What, again, is the general character of the signatures to these petitions? Why, it is perfectly gratuitous to suppose that a large proportion of these peti- tioners are neither members of the Church of England nor of any church whatever. A vast majority of their number consists of poisons who are utterly incapable of forming an opinion on the subject—men of the lowest class in society, both in point of intellect and of general standing, women and children. The police offices and court of requests—the very public houses have, to my own certain knowledge, been canvassed for signatures. And what ar- guments have been used to induce people to sign ? Why, is if not the fact that Lord Stan- ley's system has been uniformly denounced all over tne colony from the pulpit, from the press, and from the platform—as an irreligious and infidel system—as a system that is advocated and patronised only by men who are notoriously irreligious and infidel themselves. Now, I appeal to this house, whether the general sys- tem recommended by the Select Committee deserves any such character ? (Hear, hear, from the Attorney-General.) And as to the men who support it, I am quite willing, as one of them, to put up with whatever character the petitioners may be pleased to assign me. As a colonist, however, I have a far better right than most of those petitioners, whether clerical or laic, to offer an opinion on the subject of education in this house, having brought out to this colony myself, within the last fifteen years, not fewer than twenty-six schoolmasters, in- cluding a considerable number of University bred men, many of whom have rendered the most essential service to the cause of education, and consequently to this community. As a specimen of the sort of means that have been taken to prejudice the public against this measure, it is painful to refer to an attempt made in a quarter from which better things might have been expected, to induce the pro- testant public to believe that, if the general system recommended by the Select Committee should be brought into operation, hymns to the Virgin Mary would be taught in the schools. I do not say that this was actually said in so many words ; but I do say that it was intended that the public should believe it. And they did believe it : for members of my own congrega- tion, who read the report of the clerical meet- ing I refer to, were very indignant at supposing that I could recommend to them a system which would allow of hymns to the Virgin Mary. Now, I maintain, sir, that this was unfair, and disingenuous in the extreme—utterly unworthy of the quarter from which it emanated. As a genuine and thorough Protestant I will yield to no man, either in the house or out of it ; and if I were really of opinion that I either com- promised or endangered any principles of Pro- testantism, by concurring in the Stanley system, I for one should thenceforth have nothing to do with it. But sincerely desiring to accord to others the same measure of civil and religious liberty I claim for myself, I am quite willing to meet the Roman Catholic for the purposes of general education, on such neutral or common ground as would enable him to feel equally at rest in regard to the religious opinions of the youth of his communion. I maintain, more- over, that in the peculiar circumstances of this colony it is the bounden duty of the State to enable us to meet for such purposes on such neutral ground, and to protect the one from proselytism as well as the other. On this part of the subject, I am happy to express my entire concurrence in one of the proposed amend- ments of the honourable and learned member for Durham, to the effect that it should not be allowable for the clergy of different commu- nions to visit the schools on stated days for the purpose of imparting religious instruction. I do think, and did from the first, that this pro- posed arrangement is quite unnecessary, and would be productive of bad effects. For my own part, I should not like to send Protestant children to a school that was to he visited, at stated times, for the purpose of imparting religious instruction to any of the pupils by a Romish priest; and I would, in like manner, respect the feelings of Roman Catholics, by not going myself to any such school for any such purpose. Under the general system, the pupils of all denominations will be taught those grand fundamental principles and truths and facts of Divine Revelation, that form the com- mon basis for the whole superstructure of morality and religion for all who hear the Christian name. Whatever additional instruc- tion may be deemed requisite either by the parent or the minister or priest, let that addi- tional instruction be imparted in the family circle, in the Sunday school, or the church. But numerous, and numerously signed, as have been the petitions against the Stanley system, these petitions have by no means monopolized either the numbers or the respectability and general intelligence of the colony. We have had many and most respectably signed petitions in favour of the general system, the general intelligence of the colony, I have good reason to believe, not only from these petitions, but from various other sources, is strongly in favour of that system. The whole province of Port Phillip, without the exception of a single an- tagonist petition, is strongly in favour of it, and I hope and trust this house will be equally in favour of it also. It has been alleged against the friends and advocates of the general system, that they wish to break up and destroy the existing school machinery of the colony ; this, however, is a most unmerited accusation. The existing schools may, in my opinion, be continued under the general system, without any com- promise of principle, so as to be equally valuable as nurseries for their youth to the respective denominations. And to convince the opponents of a general system, that the friends of such a system are not unreasonable, exclusive, or ty- rannical, I should be inclined to go still further than leave this great question undecided for one moment longer. I should be wilting to concur in an amendment, which I understand is to be proposed by the honourable and learned member for Sydney, and to meet our opponents half way. I conjure the council, however, not to consent to the motion for the previous question, and thereby to leave this Most momentous sub- ject undecided for another year. After all the agitation of the public mind upon the subject, after all the enquiries that have been made res- pecting it, such a course would he regarded by thousands in all parts of the colony, but espe- cially by the whole province of Port Phillip, Where comparatively nothing has hitherto been done for education, and where the people are most anxious for art immediate settlement of the question, with extreme indignation. In such it case the public would have good reason to say of us, that we had deserved to be sent about our business, as it is reported we are to be very shortly. I conjure the council to take up this most important, this vital question, in a conciliatory spirit, and without insisting on extreme measures on either side,—to do what is really and obviously practicable for the colony. If we do so, we shall render to our adopted country a service that would never be forgotten; and though, in that event, we should never meet here again in the same capacity, after we separate for the present session, we shall have entitled ourselves to a species of immortality. (Strong sensation,) [We regret that in consequence of the great length to which Dr. Lang's speech unexpectedly extended, nearly three hours, and the bodily exhaustion of the reporter, the particular por- tion containing the rationale or exposition of Lord Stanley's system, has been much more abridged and imperfectly reported than either the preceding or concluding portions. The reader will of course make due allowance for this ; for the particular portion of the argu- ment we allude to was much more elaborate than the report would indicate.] Mr. Bowman said, that he should feel he was not performing his duty if he were to give a silent vote upon so important a subject as the one under discussion. He was bound in con- science to oppose the adoption of the system of education recommended by the committee, as far as he at present understood it, (hear, hear) ; and he would equally oppose any other system for the education of Protestant children under which the Bible was either wholly or in part excluded. They were bound to respect the religious objections of their Roman Catholic brethren, by whom the use of the Holy Scrip- tures in the schools were opposed ; and if the general system of education, was adopted, such a rejection as he objected to must necessarily take place. He conceived, also, that the house was bound to pause ere they adopted the re- commendation of the committee, on account of the general opposition which had been mani- fested to it, and the many numerously signed petitions which had been presented against it : the great bulk of the community, probably four fifths, being most strongly opposed to it. Much had been said as to the getting up of these peti- tions, but as far as those which had been got up in his neighbourhood were concerned, or any others which had been got up under his obser- vation, he must deny that any undue influence whatever had been exercised for the purpose of obtaining signatures. (Hear, hear.) It was questionable, he thought, whether the petitions presented in support of the other side of the question were equally genuine ; and when a pe- tition of that nature was presented from a small section of the inhabitants of Richmond, he could have taken many exceptions to it ; but he con- sidered the cause to be so weak already, that it was not necessary to weaken it further. (Hear, hear.) He felt that the adoption of this system would convey a very questionable compliment to the clergy and schoolmasters of the colony who had laboured in the Vineyard for the last thirty years for the education and training up of youth under the old, and he must confess, very inefficient system. (Hear, hear.) Imper- fect as this system was, however, some of those who had been educated under it in this colony, had attained the highest honours of citizenship, and bid fair to support the distinguished position in a proper manner. No doubt the system would admit of much improvement, and he should not object to the establishment of a general system of education upon proper principles ; but he trusted there would be no hasty adoption of any such system, until it was shown that its operation would be equally honest to all classes of the community, and that it was an improve- ment in efficiency upon the old plan. It should be shown, also, that it would be more econo- mical ; but in each of these points there was a failure of proof, as far as the system at present proposed was concerned ; and so far from being more economical in its operation, it was most likely, owing to the scattered nature of the population, to be more expensive : for they would have in addition the instruction and learning of the schoolmasters to pay for ; and being suspected to possess superior knowledge and attainment to those at present employed, it could not be expected that they would be satis- fied with the miserable pittance hitherto awarded for similar services. (Hear, hear.) He was happy to hear the hon. and reverend member for Port Phillip, towards the close of his able address that evening, say, that he was not de- sirous of breaking up the schools at present existing, as this declaration had tended, in a great degree, to modify his (Mr. Bowman's) objections to the present proposition. (Hear, hear.) With reference to what had been said concerning the Catholic school at Richmond, he admitted that there had been such a school for many years, at some distance from the town, which was numerously attended by the children of Protestant parents ; but he must confess that he saw very great carelessness in those parents ; and if those parents had been educated at all, it must have been on something of Lord Stanley's system that their education was given to them, they would not otherwise have been so indif- ferent as to the religious principles of their children. (Hear, hear ) There was another Roman Catholic school in the centre of the town, however ; and although he was not pre- pared to deny that it might be attended by some Protestant children, such of these chil- dren as did attend it were assuredly very young. If the allusion, with reference to which he was then speaking, had been made with the view of impugning the efficiency of the Episcopalian school established in that neighbourhood, he must assert most strenuously, that there were no grounds for such a proceeding, as the school had always been conducted in a manner calcu- lated to produce the most important and bene- ficial results. There was in this school about sixty children, and the number was continually increasing ; there had indeed been a great in- crease in that neighbourhood of children, and this, of necessity, increased the number of pupils at the various schools. He did not believe that there was any immediate necessity for a change in the present educational system ; for he had no doubt that that system was far more effec- tual in its operation than the general tenor of the arguments used by hon. members opposite would induce a casual observer to believe ; and taking all the circumstances into consideration, he was inclined to believe that the children of New South Wales were as well educated as those of the rural districts of Great Britain, (Hear, hear.) As he had said before, it would not be paying a proper sort of compliment to the clergy and schoolmasters of the colony to break off the system of education which they had so long laboured to carry out with the greatest possible benefit to the community, and to establish something in its stead which was not only untried in its effects, as far as this co- lony was concerned ; but was rendered still more doubtful of success by not having realised elsewhere the full expectations which were en- tertained respecting it. He should be quite willing to support any general system of edu- cation which was calculated to meet the real wants of the community in as economical a manner as possible; although he was far from being of opinion that the very fact of a system being the most economical, would necessarily make it the best; but he could not give his support to a system such as the Resolutions then before the house proposed to carry out, or to any other system which should exhibit a de- parture from what he conceived to be the great basis of education. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Cowper suggested, that as the evening was advancing, it being then nine o'clock, it would be well to adjourn the debate until a future day. (Cries of no, no! go on ! adjourn !) Mr. Wentworth said, that in a question of such intense importance as the one then under consideration, nine o'clock was too early an hour for an adjournment of the subject, and he advised the continuance of the discussion until its termination, although the latter should not be before two o'clock in the morning. Mr. Therry was in favour of an adjourn- ment, conceiving that the subject was alto- gether too important to be dismissed in such a hurried manner. They had already a new amendment before them which hon. members should be allowed time to turn over and think upon in their minds before they came to a final determination ; and the honorable and reverend member for Port Phillip had just given them notice that another amendment was to be pro- posed; so that the position of the question was greatly changed since the commencement of the discussion. The Council then decided upon the question of adjournment with the following result:— Ayes.......15 Noes.......10 Majority in favour of adjournment... 5 