*THE RJSE, PROGRESS, GROWING STATIS TICS, AND COMMERCIAL IMPORTANCE OF THE PORK TRADE IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. Twenty years ago, we are told, the pork trade ef Cin cinnati was so insignificant, that no one house was engaged. In it exclusively; the hogs killed (out of doors) in one season not exceeding 10,000. From this small beginning the business has increased, so that the num ber of hogs killed last year was stated to have reached two hundred and fifty thousand; the butchers in many instances paying a premium for the privilege of killing them. There are twenty-six pork-houses or firms ex clusively engaged in the trade, and employing in it capital to the amount of two millions of dollars. The bulk of the business of raising the pork is done within a circle of 300 miles in diameter, with Cincinnati as its centre, including the contiguous parts of Ohio, Ken tucky, and Indiana. Hogs are frequently driven to this market from a distance of 200 miles, for although large numbers are killed in the Wabash and Miami Val leys, at Madison, Ioa, Portsmouth, Chillicothe, and other places, the business will concentrate where labour, salt, barrels, and other facilities are most abundant. In a populous city, the steaks, sparetibs, &cM; not used in packing, can always be disposed of for cash, without loss; and in this city, if anywhere in the west, active cash capital is always found. The number of hogs prepared for market last season in Cincinnati, and the great district which surrounds it, could not, it is said, fall short of 500,000 over and above the vast number required for domestic consumption. Of this number 250.000 were probably slaughtered, cured, and packed in Cincinnati, and 150,000 more reshipped there. The hogs are fed on corn exclusively. The stock is well crossed with imported animals from Europe, of the various Chinese, Irish, English, and Russian breeds, and is probably exceeded by none in the United States. Hogs have been raised weighing over 1200 lbs., but the average weight runs from 200 to 250 lbs.—the latter size being the most desirable. In Kentucky the drovers frequently buy the hogs alive of the farmers by gross weight; but generally the farmers club together (each one having his hogs marked), and drive them to market in droves of 500 to 1000, seldom less than 500, except in the immediate vicinity of the city. During the first day or two the hogs cannot well travel more than four to six miles; but after that they travel eight and sometimes ten miles per day. The Yorkshires are said to be the best travellers. Having reached some of the extensive slaughtering establishments in the neigh bourhood of the city, a bargain is made with the but chers to kill and dress them, which is done for their oflal, being dressed and carried to town at the expense of the butcher. Each carcase on being bought and de livered to the pork-packer, is first weighed, and then passed to a block eight feet long, four feet wide, and two feet high from the floor, at which two cutters stand, one on each side of the block, and each armed with an exceedingly sharp clever, about two feet long and six inches wide. Two other men pass up the hog on to the block, placing him upon his side. One cutter cuts off the head, the other the haras, each at a single stroke. The haras are passed to the haratrimmer at an adjacent table, who trims them ready for salting. The head is sometimes sold to the soap boiler, in which case it is thrown into a heap near the door to be handy for him— at other times it is used in making prime pork, and it is then passed to a hand to split, clean, and wash, ready for the packer. The sides and shoulders, still left on the block, are split in two, lengthwise of the hog, through the centre of the back-bone. The leaf-lard is then trimmed out—the shoulder cut from the side, and passed into the cellar to be cured in bulk in dgy salt. The side, if from a heavy fat hog, is split, each side into four parts lengthwise with the rib, the pieces or strips thus cut being about six inches wide and twenty-two long. Tiie thickest strips of the sides have the hut-end of the rib and back-bone taken out, and made into clear pork; the lighter, thinner sides, are sometimes cut up for prime pork or thin mess, but are most commonly cured with the shoulders, and made into bacon. The usual day's work for a set of fifty hands is to cut up in the above manner 500 hogs on one block, but 800 have been cut up on one block at Duffield's pork house, in one day of twelve working hours, and upon a trial of skill three hogs have been cut up in one minute. Such is the system and expedition used in the extensive pork houses, that 500 hogs received one day, are all ready fer shipping the next, including the weighing, cutting, packing, rendering the lard, and branding; and all in as neat, clean, handsome style, as anywhere in the world. The different grades of barrelled or pickled ork known to the trade, and to the inspection laws, are, first in order and qualify, clear pork, mess, prime, chine, and jolea. The Cincinnati barrel pork will compare with the best packed in the United States, as to quality, weight, sufficiency of salt and cooperage; and for keep ag a length of time is equal to Irish pork. The mode of rendering lard is very simple, the leaf and trimmings being cut up with cleavers into pieces two inches square, and thrown into large iroa kettles of 100 gallons each. After it has eeoked about three hours, it is strained, and pumped into coolers of 300. to 400 gallons, cooled to about 100 degrees of Fahrenheit, and: then drawn into kegs or barrels as wanted. Some of the large pork<hoases can dispose of 1000 hogs per day (although they seldom desire so maay), employing for that pur pose about 75 hands at an average of about lOO dols. per. day. The oil expressed from lard it in the propor tion of 62 parte to 88 Wtoswnt, It sellf at fcna £44 to £50 per tun in the London market. A hog properly fattened will produce 2 cwt. of lard, worth from £4 to £5. The inhabitants of Yorkshire, Hampshire, and Wilt shire, say, " to scald a pig is to spoil a pig," and, if ex cellence in the curative process, as well as any other talent, ought to entitle the opinions of the holders to proper deference, from them we gather that the pig should be " hungered from twenty- four hours to thirty six hours before it is killed, and (quoting the instruc tions literally) " instead of scalding or sharing the hair off, as is the common method, singe it; to facilitate this, take care that the animal be dry before killing, lay it on one side, cover it thinly with straw, light it to windward, and, as it burns away, renew it twice or thrice, till the hair is all singed off, taking particular care not to burn nor scorch the skin itself. Do the un der side in the same manner. Then, without using any water (which greatly deteriorates the meat), scrape the singed hair cleanly off" The whole of the entrails are now taken out, and an economical housewife will con trive to keep a large family on these, for at least a week. All this should be done early in the morning, Mr Cob bett says, before the sun is up, and then hang up your carcase to cool till the next day. But all the remainder is not to be converted into bacon, no; there are the griskins, flade, bones, thigh bones, spare ribs, chines, cheeks, &c.;, which are not to be cured for bacon. It is desirable to put more or less salt to each of these, with the exception of the griskins; indeed, the best way to treat the chines and cheeks, is to put them into the brine, with the flitches, which should be placed in a salting trough that has a gutter round the edges, to dtain away the brine (sloping the tub has the same effect) for to have sweet and fine bacon, the flitches must never lie sopping in the brine. For the first three or four days, put nothing but salt to your meat, and when that has brought away all the blood, pour it off, and use the following mixture, rubbing it in, and turn ing your flitches every day, for four or five weeks— " Three pounds of the coarsest sugar, ^lb. bay salt, |lb. saltpetre, to a pig, and lib. of common salt to every stone." The best sized bacon pig is from 10 to 12 stone, and let it be fat, or it is useless to expeet good bacon. If at the end of the time mentioned, your meat has well imbibed the brine, prepare it for smoking, by placing the flitches up in the tub, that they may drain. The smoking may be done by any cottager, as nothing but. wood smoke is required, only take care to hang your bacon sufficiently high not to be melted by the fire. If the fly be about you ought to sew it up in coarse canvass. A month is the usual time for smoking. Observe the following rules1. The pig must fast; this relieves the vessels that, in a loaded state, are apt to putrefy. 2. The killing mnst be quick and without irritation. 3. Thoroughly cooled before salting. 4. The salt not rubbed in, as that only excites the putre factive proncness. 5. Placed in lead or stone is best. 6\. Stop the salt well into the shank ends. 7. Move your flitches frequently. Amongst the many kinds of food which suit the almost indiscriminate appetite of the hog, it exhibits a very marked liking for parsnips. A correspondent of the Gardeners' Chronicle says :— "Whilst staying in the Isle of Gnernsey for a couple of months in the summer of 1841, I was much pleased with the peculiarly fine flavour of the pork, being sweet, juicy, firm, and beautifully white, at a season of the year when that unclean animal is thought not to be in the highest perfection. This superiority in flavour and appearance is attributed to the plentiful supply of raw unwashed parsnips with which the animal is fed. In confir mation of a universally-admitted fact. 1 beg to send you the following extract from a lately-published history of the island and its products:—" Hogs prefer raw parsnips to all other roots, and make excellent pork when fed upon them; but the boiling of the root renders the bacon flabby. By this food the animal can be fatted in six weeks. Too much can hardly be said of the beef and pork fatted on parsnips. At this time (July I7th, 1840), there is in the Gnernsey market a porker, twenty-two months old, weighing neat 750lbs. English, which has never eaten any thing but raw parsnips and sour milk; finer meat was never seen. In the use of parsnips one caution is absolutely neces sary—they are never to be washed, but to be given as they are taken up from the ground. Used in that way, they are not found to surfeit the hogs and cattle, and to fatten them better and quicker than they otherwise would. If washed, they are apt. to satiate, and, as the farmers say, will uever thoroughly fatten them. Am ox will eat 12,0 lbs. per day, exclusive of hay.' To show that even the partial stye-feeding of hogs may be profitably practised in New South Wales, it will be sufficient, says the Editor af the Sydney Record, to give the account of expenses incurred by Arthur Young in fattening sixteen of them on boiled parsnips and bar ley meal. These hogs attained the weight of from 892lbs to 462 lbs. in three months; and at 2d per lb., the then low selling price in England, realized a profit of ill7 16s 8d as the value of a portion of au acre of parsnips consumed. The remaining portion of the acre; realized £3 12s, in feeding four dairy cows for three months, the food of each being estimated at la 6d per week. The pigs had also consumed 46 bushels of harley meal, produced at An expense of £3 18s 9d. Cooking, and attendance of a hoy for three months, cost £3 15s. They sold for £52 Ids 8(1, and had been purchased for fattening at the price of £27 6s 3d, consequently they might be expected to attain the last of these values in the ordinary pastures of Australia, free, of expense, or nearly so. The other .expense of these sixteen pigs was merely that of cultivating about two acres of ground in parsnips and barley, with; £3 15s in addition for at tendanee. The custom ef the North Americans who carry- on the business of converting, pip into wax candles, is to drive the animals into the woods, where they feed for some months on aeorns, &c.;, and then they are fattened for one month on Indian corn, by which time they are quite ready for the process of conversion. They are then boiled, en masse, fat and lean together, unless the state of the provision market make it profitable to spare some of the hams. The immense returns accruing to the elder Colony, from the profitable realization of its surplus sheep and cattle through the boiling process and its concomitants, have induced the general belief that there are many other Colonial resources which, having never been tho roughly put to the proof, may be considered as yet un tried. Pig feeding, for example (which in the United States has become the basis of such an extensive branch of commerce), is now thought of so much, and so favourably, that a recent Sydney paper recommends the addition of this to their other sources of Colonial wealth. The settlers have abundant facilities for such a purpose ; and if the following statement, copied from a United States paper, regarding the uses to which pigs are now being converted in America is to be relied on, the experiment is worth trying:— " The notice you have seen with regard to the transformation of the whole hog into lard (with the exception of the hams), ia perfectly true; the consumption and consequent demand for lard is very great, and more money is realised by turning the hog into tba<, than into pork or bacon. The process is to render all the flesh in the usual manner, and then squeeze the mats that re mains in a press, like cheese; the refuse, called oil cake, is then sold here, or sent to the south, to feed and fatten cattle, and hence perhaps the origin of the story attributed to Mr Everett, in Eng land, that the Americans having no way to get rid of their bacon, feed cattle upon it. The preparation of oil from lard is a great and growing manufacture, which greatly assisted last autumn in sustaining the price of hogs, which would otherwise have been sold at much lower prices than they were. All fatty matter is composed chiefly of two elements, oleine and stearine ; these are separated by chemical and mechanical operations, the first becomes oil and the latter tallow; these operations have long been familiar to the French chemists, and indeed much of our lard has gone to France, and no doubt we have had much of its products sent back to us and eaten in the form and under the name of olive oil. We have now six or seven of these es tablishments in this city, and some of them manufacture very fine oil, fit for all the purposes of sweet oil, as well for machinery as for lighting; for the latter purpose it has almost superseded whale and sperm oil, and has lowered the price from I dot. 75c. per gallon to 1 dol. 25<\, and even 1 doL The lard oil is sold by wholesale at 65 to 70 cents per gallon, and retail at 75 cents. I nse it in jny house now exclusively, and the females like it much better than sperm, as it has no smell, I believe in this contest the hog will conquer the ubale, and that it will hare a great and serious effect upon the whale fisheries to their pre judice, while it will have a corresponding good one upon all the Western States, who are engaged in the propagation of swine. The whaling people of New Bedford can't bear the sight of a hog." As a fitting i ccompaniment to the foregoing notice, we may mention the singular fact that the fat of the hog may be converted into spermaceti " by boiling with lime, and afterwards treating by sulphuric acid the saponaceous mars thus formed," which process has at tained such a degree of accuracy and success in Ame rica, that a new description of (so called) sperm candles has almost superseded the real ones, not only in the home markets of the United StateB, but in several of the distant emporia of that great commercial republic; and at the present moment the Americans are inun dating the New South Wales market with sperm can dles, which sell retail in Sydney for 2s a-pound, and in America for is. No tallow trade can equal this. We believe that it would be difficult to overrate the im portance of the considerations thus brought forward in this part of the world, and now that the spirit of Aus* tralian enterprise is fairly awake, it will not require the Ghost of Hamlet's father to suggest the possibility of partly superseding in the English market the profitable Itussian trade in hogs' bristles, with which we have ob served the ridges on many of the swinish multitude in these parts to be remarkably well timbered. And why should not these important branches of commercial eco nomy be as applicable to South Australia as to any other country ? If we are correctly informed (which we cannet doubt), we have in this Province many an important field for the improvement and profitable extension of our herds of swine, and rendering them vast auxiliaries in the in crease of our Colonial exports, and the consequent re-es. tablishment of our monetary status. Amongst the several localities which have been indicated by our most ex perienced and well-informed bushmen, the valley of the Murray, and the extensive reed beds of its tributaries, have been enthusiastically mentioned as affording abun dance of ordinary feed for almost countless herds ; be sides contiguous maize land whereon to provide for the fattening process. We do not pretend, after all we have heard, to compare the valley of the Murray with that of the almoEt interminable Missisippi; but we do aver the opinion that the natural advantages of the noble river which distinguishes our interior, have never yet been sufficiently appreciated, or even described in commensurate terms, although the laudations of its eminent discoverer, and those who have succeeded him in the arduous work of geographical exploration, have been considered extreme, and even visionary. It may be argued, and very fairly so, that the Colonists have enough upon their hands already; but if such attempts as we humbly endeavour to stimulate become admitted theories worthy of being carried out by the descendants of a great commercial nation, and are represented in the Mother-country as such, the Colony will not long want the means^ of practical and profitable illustration, although the objects may not all be noble or illustrious* No snow, falls lighter than the snow.of age ; but none is hesner for it never melts. 