REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON LAND GRIEVANCES. THE report of the committee has been brought up, and is very voluminous. How far it has proved any grievances towards the Squatters, and what their sufferings are, except such as they have brought upon themselves, we for our parts cannot see. We have not space to publish such an im mense mass of reading, it filling no less than fourteen columns of the Herald. We shall just examine a few of its leading features, that our readers may form some idea of it. It commences with a truism, which it needed neither a ghost nor a committee to tell us, but on which it spends almost three columns of argument, namely, that laying on the minimum price of one pound per acre for land in Australia, was an act of ignorance and absurdity combined, which prove the necessity of a change of the system of disposing of crown lands alto gether. But the committee quite forgot to tell vs (which was the more strange, as in fact it was a Squatters' committee) that some of the Mammoth Squatters owning also large tracts within the boundaries, were among those who urged the home government to raise the minimum price of land, that they might sell theirs to the more advantage. The next article is on " the Depasturing Regulations." On these the report says " A claim however is now put forth by " the Executive to raise a revenue from 0" these lands, not only without the aid, but " without the consent or advice of the le "gislature. In considering this claim, " your committee are anxious to express " their strong impression that such a claim, " however easy it may be to obtain a par ' liamentary sanction for it, is not in ac " cordance with the law of England" To this we say, that there was not alawyer on that committeewe think who would put his name to an opinion, if laid before him, that such was his impression of the law of England, knowing, as he must, that "the crown is sole proprietor of all lands under its dominion;" and that whatsoever lands it has not alienated, it still possesses, and surely it can do as it will with its own, whether as to granting, letting, leasing, or permitting the occupation of.: therefore it can only expose the colony to the laughter of mankind to put forth such an assumption. The report says-" It will hardly be gravely " asserted, that. every newly discovered " country becomes as much the private " estate of her Majesty, as Windsor Park or Whittlebury Foiest." But if the crown has not the dominium and property of these lands, it cannot grant them away (for ex nihilo nihil fit), therefore, the grants of Camden, and Shoalhaven, .and Windermere, are null and voidkl Will the committee assert this? " Her Majesty," continues the .report " has indeed an undoubted right to collect " the rents.and profits of her domain lands, " but only for the benefit of the consoli "dated fund. These hereditary revenues " of the crown were solemnly surrendered ." during the .life of Her Majesty, to the " consolidated fund, in consideration of a " civil list of £385,000, by .the statute 1 "'Victoria, c. 2, sec. 2. The inevitable 4-'inference -is, that-the ordinance .if the " local legislature, 2 Vic., No. 37, apply " ing the sums paid for the use of these " lands, to the purposes of mutual secuiity " and protection, and assisting the colonial " government .in raising rents .from these " lands to be applied otherwise than to the " consolidated fund, is void to all intents " and purposes, as tending to defraud the " consolidated fund, and repugnant to the " laws of England. Your committee .do " not put this forth as their own opinion, " but'as a conclusion to which those must " inevitably be driven, who maintain that " the waste lands of this colony, are the " domain lands of the crown." As to the mere phrase "domain lands of 'the crown;" it is evidently introduced to blink the question. Either all colonial waste'lands are the property of the crown, or they are not. If 'they are not, then all grants heretofore made, are null and void: if they are, the crown can certainly dispose of them as it sees fit. Notwithstanding Ithe ingenuity of the hypothesis, that all Great Britain, on which the sun in his gyration never sets-that those lands, and all moneys, rents, issues, and profits arising from them, were included in tim royal do. mains surrendered to the control of' parlia ment, in consideration of £385,000 a year, is laughable to read : Were these co lonial lands surrendered eo nomine ? Were they contemplated in the surrender'? If then they were neither named, nor so much as contemplated, how can they have been surrendered? This " fine frenzy" of our Australian squatter-poets we fear will not be honored by the Apollo of Downing street with the bays. Nor as law, will, we fancy, the 12 judges award it a place in the legal fasti. As to Blackstone whom they quote, he was only a lawyer like others, but we be lieve lawyers, greater than Blackstone, have given it as a legal axiom, that under the Norman law, (which is still in full vigour) the crown WAS AND Is the sole proprietor of all the lands in the British Empire; nor are' the Dukes of Northumberland, Newcastle, or Wellington, more-than tenants in capite of the lands they hold. As to the 19 years after the battle of Hastings, and the Danish invasion, they may be put in an appendix 'to the legal history of John-a-Nokes, if ever it shall be written. But it is impos sible without smiling, to read hero :at the Antipodes, the new discovery, that no grant made by the Norman Conqueror, was con sidered by the grantee valid for 19.years or that he waited for the acquiescence of the English nation to make them. ' We believe Wm. considered the hard kndcks ihe gave at Hastings his best title to bestow those lands, and his Domesday-book a better guide in doing so, than the assent or dissent of the Saxons whom he slew, defeated, and ousted of every sod of their lands. But the best of all 'the arguments re mains, viz., that the "unappropriated lands " of the colony are a vast common-" the "analogy of law," says the report, "would " seem to imply, that those waste lands " stand to the settled parts of the colony in " the relation of a vast common, to which, " until it be appropriated, all Her Ma " jesty's subjects have a common right, " free'access, SUBJeCT ONLY to such regu " lations as are necessary to preserve peace " and order." Either these waste lands are common, or they are not- if they are the property of ALL, by common right, the crown ought not-cannot take, nor of course grant them, because it would be an injury to all but the grantee; nor could it give even the herbage of any part to any one individual above another: nor of course give a license for occupation. The crown never pretends to dispose of the Curragh of Kildare nor any part of it, though most valuable. If these waste lands are not of common right, what becomes of this squatters'-law? Such language is, in truth, ludicrous, and we fear will make people in England hold us very cheap as a people fit for self-govern ment, Another truism of the report is, that £5 rent per section for government land within the boundaries, is too much : no doubt it is far too high. The report next complains of the arbi trary power of commissioners of crown lands, but we believe if these gentlemen err, or act unjustly, their principal error and chief injustice is against the small squatters, by favouring the large ; so that the small ones-the resident ones- those who ought to bemost encouraged, are fre quently so oppressed by the large, as to be driven wholly from districts where every thing is swallowed up by the Mammoth squatters. The report then speaks of "the influ ence exercised by the present depasturing license system upon the general improve ment of the colony, and the social and moral condition of the people." To talk thus we did not expect from squatters-those very squatters, whose system, that of spreading their flocks and herds in all possible numbers through the vast forests and woodlands of Australia, living themselves, in the majority of cases, apart from .their stations and employing only 'sINGLE MEN, who they knew were many of them at first some of the most immoral of mankind, and spread the pestilence of irreligion and every sort of moral contagion far and wide, which in its baleful progress swept like a simoom, the unhappy aborigines who came within its deadly influence almost off the face of the earth.-We did not (we say) expect to hear those gentlemen thus beginning to preach up religion and morality :-but if they are in earnest-if this is but a pre tence and a cloak, let them prove their sincerity by two things; first, let them go and live where their property is situated, and among their.people and flocks, to pun ish the evil, and reward the good: and secondly, let them employ MARRIED ser vants, who with all the facilities Australia affords.for feeding families, will not (as is proved by Mr. Fitzgerald and others) be more costly than single men. Here are means of proving their sin cerity. If they shrink from this test, but must continue their old system of absen teeism, and employing at the'distant sheep and cattle stations, single men only, they had better leave off sermonizing -about education, and religion, and morality, lest they expose themselves to thie s'arcasm Clodius accusat Machos ; and their desire for long tenures will be attributed to mo tives very different 'from those of soul savying. The report is very diffuse on what it calls " the compact" of 1834, contained ha Sir Richard Bourke's address to tihe coun cil. This question has been so largely and fully discussed, within and without the walls of .the council, that it were super fluous here to dilate upon it. The docu ments are 'before tihe public, and thley canim judge. One thing we will say, however, that if the English government has broken faith in this case, it is not its debut in faith breaking-look at Ireland I Was faith ever kept with her I There is we fear but little boot in reproaches, but get the best terms we can by fair means and by reason ing. Be " the compact" as it may, it is clear that inasmuch as we have, living and arriving aniong us, the refuse of English jails-England thus disburthened, ought in reason to pay at least one half of the cost of coercing those disciples of her own train ing, whom she has sent and is sending among us from Norfolk Island. One thing is quite apparent, viz., lthat thle Squatters will not, if' they can, allow the Queen to manago her own lands -else why this vast outcry against the regulations, as if the colony were con signed to ruin ? At the utmost they will only lay one farthing per pound on wool (even were there no previous license money) while, although the govern ment is taking off the duty on foreign wool of one penny per pound, which is nearly tantamount to a tax of a penny per pound on Australian, yet we have hardly a mur mur from the Squatters I Does not this shew their insincerity, and that it is not the farthing a pound which alarms them, but the interference of government at all with their all grasping of runs, of which they want, under the cloak of a love of religion and morality, to get a tenure of 21 years? Give them 21 years tenure of their 100,000, and 200,000, and 500,000 acres, and they will laugh to scorn the efforts of any Governor, to promote a sound, healthy system of colonization; which would require that every man holding over a certain amount of land, should either reside upon it, or give it up to those who will; and also be obliged, according to his quantity of land, to em ploy a certain number of married men. If this be not done, and soon, our colony will become a second Tartary, or Scythia, or South America: nothing can arrest the savageness, vice, and immorality that will: overspread it. In one opinion of the committee we fully concur, viz., .that a great'-total radical change of system is necessary; to prevent the whole surface of New South Wales being absorbed by a combination of Mammoth Squatters, who will usurp that dominion over its lands, now possessed by the crown, whose fault it will be if it permit that these oligarchs should surreptitiously obtain the power to tyrannize over all small stock-owners, and new-comers, as they have done and are doing; and especially if it allow them to exclude the plough, the spade, and the pruning hook. What is the value of a set of shepherds or stockmen roaming over a wild and trackless forest, raising a net annual return of 2d or 3d an acre from land, compared with a country warm with life and cultivation, studded with houses, corn fields, and vineyards, and all the thousand blessings of civilization, raising a return from'the earth of £5 ; nay, when wines, fruits, oil, silk, are intro duced of £10 per acre ? While with this the land will produce as much and cheaper wool, inasmuch as we shall have native shepherds instead of imported ones. The squatters then greatly over- rate their own value, both Imperially and colonially. Their system is growing up to an unnatural magnitude like a wen, absorbing all the nourishment of. the body-politic, and all legislative care and regard. Who, now a-days talks in council, or regards the sufferings of that most valuable of all classes, the working farmers ? Every thing must be done for the squatters, nothing for them I and why ? Because the law-makers are squatters ! Because the body of the people are wronged-cheated--robbed of their share in the making of laws! This is the root of the evil. We are glad, how ever, the working of the squatting system is brought before the public eye. It must surely do good, that is provided, (as we hope) that the Governor will follow up wisely and firmly what he has so equitably and justly begun-viz., making those who hold most land, pay most to the exigencies of the public, for whom the crown is the trustee, and not the tool, or guardian of the private interest of the great squatters, --but the .guardian of all. We have only touched on a few leading points of the report, and must conclude for the present. We may return to the subject. 