THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. [ FROM THE SYDNEY MORNING CHRONICLE. ] We give in this day's Chronicle an account of the ancient, noble, and impressive ceremony of the consecration of our beloved pastor and friend, our late Vicar General, now Bishop of Adelaide, who will shortly depart from amongst us. To depict the character of such a clergyman to people in Sydney, were like "to gild refined gold, or paint the lily." In him we saw what the early teachers of nations were, whose lives were spent in pointing out the road to heaven to their flocks, and ministering to their spiritual and temporal wants, forgetful of ease, recrea- tion, or care of health ; like them he lived but for the people whom he loved, and who loved him in return. His labours among us have ter- minated, and he can truly say with the Apostle, now as to us, bonum certamen cerlavi, cursum consummavi, fidem sercavi. May happiness and peace ever wait upon his steps whithersoever they turn ! On Sunday, the 8th of September, the Right Rev. Dr Francis Murphy was solemnly consecrated to the Episcopal office and functions of Bishop of Adelaide in the Metro- politan Church of St. Mary, Sydney. The august ceremonial, practised from the earliest ages of christianity, in the ordination of bishops, and forming so interesting a portion of the Catholic ritual, in reference to the continual succession of her pastors, was performed in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, with a degree of splendour hitherto unknown in this colony, and in the presence of a crowded and highly respectable assembly, consisting partly of Protestants, attracted not only by the novelty of such a spectacle in the City of Sydney, but also by the high re- putation of the bishop elect, both in his own country and in New South Wales. To prevent confusion, none were ad- mitted in the seats of the Cathedral, except by tickets ; and consequently, the audience was in a great measure select. The sacred edifice, and the adjacent square, were crowded long before the appointed hour, by well dressed people. The interior of the Cathedral and sanctuary were fitted up with much taste and elegance. On the gospel side of the high altar, was erected a small chapel or altar, the front and sides of chrystal displayed to view the remains of St. Felicianus* Martyr ; on the altar were displayed the epis- copal insignia of the bishop elect, consisting of the crozier, mitre, gloves, ring, &c.; A richly carved and highly orna- mented faldistorium, for the consecrator stood at the gospel side of the altar. In the front were placed handsome seats, covered with cloth of gold, for the assistant prelate, Rev. Mr McEncroe, and the bishop elect. Facing each other, on either side, were the chairs and seats for the clergy and chaplains. At one extremity of the sanctuary, there stood a credence table, bearing the sacred vessels necessary for the celebration of high mass, and for performing the rite of consecration. At the appointed hour, the bishops and clergy, having assembled at the adjoining presbytery, entered the Cathedral in processional order. The service commenced as soon as the procession had entered the sanctuary, The bishop elect, robed as a pres- byter, in a cope of white silk, was introduced by the assistant bishop, and the Rev. Mr McEncroe acting assistant bishop, to the consecrator, Archbishop Polding, seated in full pon- tificials before the altar. The assistant bishop then ad- dressed the consecrating bishop: "Most reverend father, our holy father, the Catholic Church, requests that you will promote this presbyter to the episcopal charge." Upon this the latter inquired, "have you the mandate of the apostolical see ?" and the answer being made in the affirmative, he ordered the document to be read. The senior assistant bishop thereupon handed the brief to the Rev. C. Lovat (of Yass) one of the consecrator's chaplains, by whom it was read aloud ; after which, the bishop elect knelt down before the consecrating bishop, and with his bands upon the Holy ————————————————————— * This young martyr was, in the persecution of Dio- clesian, beheaded, together with his brother, at Rome, A.D. 286\. The relics were lately found in the catacombs at Rome, with a vial containing some of the martyr's blood, a palm branch sculptured at the entrance of the tomb, and a fragment of the stone bearing the inscription, "locus Feliciani." These are now placed in the shrine with the martyr's body, the muscular parts of which, destroyed by time, have been artificially restored, so as to represent the heroic youth with the wound of the executioner's axe. The above has been, duly authenticated and certified by the proper ecclesiastical authority at Rome. ———————————————————— Gospels, promised to be faithful to the constitutions of the Catholic Church, and to obey its supreme head upon earth, the bishop of Rome and his legitimate successors. The bishop elect then retired to his seat between the two assistant prelates to be interrogated respecting the principal tenets of the Catholic faith, and the most important duties of a Christian bishop. The examination which was conducted with great soleiruiity by the Archbishop, next proceeded, agreeably to the Roman pontifical ; the bishop elect rising at the end of every question, to express his assent, as required. After the examination, the bishop elect conducted by the assistant prelates to the consecra tor, knelt before him, and reverently kissed his hand j upon which the consecrator unmitred, turned to the altar with his assistants, and com menced, as usual, the prayers of the mass, the bishop elect remaining at his ¡eft hand, whilst the assistant bishop, and chaplain, recited the Confiteor, at their seats. * After the Gloria, the consecrating bishop proceeded with the mass as far as the alleluia of the Gradual ; when the bishop elect, being conducted by tbe assistant bishop to his chapel, was there unrobed of the cope by the acolytes, and invested with the sandals, |»ectoral cross, and stole. He ivas next vested with tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple ; and hus habi'ed. proceeded to bis altar, where assisted on either hand by the bishops, hu read the Liturgy, as Tar as die part already mentioned, After tire Traut, the consecrating I bishop, mitred, resumed his seat in front of the altar, where I the bishop elect, uncovered, was again presented to him, at tended by the assistant bishops, the former making reverence, and the latter inclining. Then, al! having taken their seats as before, thecot;secrator thns addressed the bishop elect: " It is :he duty of a bishop 13 judge, to interpret, lo con secrate, to ordain, to makt obía-ion, «nd toconfinn." Having thus concisely stated the duties of a bishop, be next invited all present lo unite with bim in pr >.yer, that in providence io the good of the Church, th ~~ample portion of Lis grace upon the newly fe'ecied bishop. The bishops then severally kne t down, as did a¡so the clergy iu attendance, whilst the bishop elect laid himself prostrate on bis face, at the left side of the consecrating bishop, and the itanits commenced. These beautiful supplications weee sung from the altar hy the Rev. Mensis Stunner and Voang, with exquisite taste and feeling, and were responded lo by the choir. Whilst the litanies were chaunting, the consecrating bishop, assuming the pastoral staff, and turning towards the bishop ! elect, blessed li rta, at the same time ofFetiog up a prayer in hrs behalf. He then took the hook of the gospels, and with the assistance of the other bishop?, silen'ly p'aced it on the shoulders and neck of the bishop eieet ; and in this manner it was supported, by assistant priests, until the traditions of the gospels, at a subsequent part of the ceremonial. The consecrating bishop, and the assistant prelates, then imposed hands on the head cf the bishop ele-ït, saying, " receive thou the Holy Ghost;" after which, the Archbishop standing uncovered, offered up this prayer:-" Be propitious, O Lord, to our supplications, and opening to this thy servant, the abundance of priestly grace, pour forih upon bim div mighty working benediction." The right of eonsecrntion then pro ceeded, and the preface used upon Such occasions was chaunted hy tte consecrating bishop, with a holy fervour and unction which appeared ut produce a strong ira^re^üm upo» ail present. Next followed the veni creator spiritus, after the first verse of which, ihe consecraiin< bishop, bei na mitred aod sealed^ put off his ring arid gloves; and the bishop elect, having his head I ound with a fillet of linen, and kneeling, was annointed by the c -n«err»tor »iib the sacr.-' rnental schism, upon the crown oi th'.' head, s head anointed and consecra-e I by h?av» Q! y bt-ntdiciion, in tiie order of high priest." At the conclusion of the hvmn, the consecrating Id-hop ro*e from his «pat before ihe alta , an l being unmitred, rontinu-*d the preface, praying, that he whose head had jost been anointed wi h the holy chris:n, ? mi^bt he abundantly endowed with a'l thr- graces and vir ties proper to the new dignity to which he hud. been raised ; that there tnij-iit abroad m him the constancy of tai:fi, the pnrity of charity, and the sing'e heartedness of peace; tita as a faithful and provident Srr^ani over the ¡loam liol.I o' God he might distribute fond in seasonable lime, and watch over the flock committed to l>¡»¡ care ; ibm he mi.¡¡hi be .s!«ep'es. in solicitude, fervent in spirit, a haler <,f pri>4e, a lover oi iiumi'iiy and trulli, never fit any line de- rrting th' rn, no. I ojeteóme by praises or hy 'ear ; a.n _ j wisdom i!>« church and the fio; k espec ially en'p.sted to his j j charge. At this pail of ¡le ser»ie*-, the 132ml P-qim. erce \ quam bonum, was chann'ei hythe elixir, du-¡rig w hi h. the co'.secrattng bishop an in'ed willi cjri-m the han^s of tht ?>i-bop elect, savin-', *' lie these han-1« anoirre'* wi it thc blessed oil and ¿ La fia to be iî'.ng and nrop^e!, so ¡*e \'<-.-.-\ a '?» in'-d nnd con. secra'ed." The hand*"nf ti:e ti' "» î'(s;if>:i were, lino rl;i-.»-d, and placed wubin a iinen h.-in-t, t.'pon ubi- i ihe co?i*e:'iatin. bisbt»p proceeded lo bless ihn ¡eslora' »'ail »oil ring .i"d ihe-t delivered them to the bis'nop elect, a'.'jua wi,h tl»-? book of the gospe's. Alter the tradition of il»« ro^pe'«, rtn ! ¡Iso R.lmtr-sion the bishop e!e-.t to the Ui»s of peace lin» liturgy ol the ran. was resinned, and «tie gospel ol t'- ¡}H\ ..Í.-*IIV¡IJ<Í, by the deacon, the Rev. Mr |toi To«n then ascended the pulpit, and detiv-red an etuqneut discourse highly appropi u'o to th<» oera-ion, wi'h thar sauviiy of manner and dignity for wht<~h th . ri^hi reieten I preacher is "O eminently di*t'iijri.,itl,t'd. Tt.is discourse, which we are unable at present to srhjoin, was part'y expository, and part'y admonitory. Ile commenced l y giving a rapid but masterly exposition of the rise and pru- j teresa of christianity. He next p;oceeded to show the perils and sacrifices of those who dévots themselves to prendí thf gospel of p ane - an exceedingly beau-iful exposrioo. throughout of Isaías, chap. 52, v. 7, 8, 9, 10, comm-ncing, " How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him thai biingeib good tidings, and that ptepotfeth peace," &<-., an ! he concluded by adíír; siittg severally the bishop elect and the people, admonishing euch of thïir respective du-ies, and fervently imploring the blessing ol heaven upon bo;h. At the OrTertO'v, the b'rhop e'e-st was accompanied to the high altar by thc s0sistant bishop-, «nd there kneeling made his offerings, whii'h consisted of two lighied wax torches, two loires. and two small bartels ci «¡ne; ali richly ornamented j and handed from ene to the ether of the wolvi.s with becoming grace. The consecrating bishop, «he bi-hop elect, and the assistant bishops, now proceeded to the bii>!t altar, »here the bishop elect, ejanding al the epistle side, continued the mass along with the consecrating bishop. After this the consecrating bishop and bislmf» elect both kissed the altar, the former giving peace lo the bishop elect, and the !at«er again to the assistant bishops. At the com munion of tho consecrating bishop, the bishop elect partook of the «ame hast and ot the same chalice. After the ablu tion, the bishop elect moved io the gospel side of the aliar, »here he continued the mass, »long with the comsec ra: in g bishop,at the epistle side; and after tb? post communion,the consecrating bishop having solemnlr blessed the as-emljlr, sat down mitred in front of the aliar, where the bishop e?e«t kneeling before him, he blessed, first the mitre, and '«ben the glove?. When this ceremony had been concluded, the newly con cerated bishop was enthroned in the Episcopal chair, with ihe mitre co bis ht*'*, !' ¿ p.-is'oral siaiF in his hand, and invested wtth »ll the instar i of hi« office; upon wlvch the consecrator, bowing to the altar, commenced the Te Deum. The spectacle, at this moment, wrs exceedingly solemn and imposing ; lite bishops and clergy having ar ranged themselves on both ride?, ín ihe form of a coronal, to which the variety and splendour of the vestments gave a most picturesque effect, whilsf the centre fi^ttre of the group, arrayed in full pontificals, appeared in all die rai'd dignity of his high office* as if he had descended from a higher sphere to minister anti rule in the church upon earth. Shortly however the scene chanced, and whilst the choir was still pealing forth the solemn Te Deum, the newly j consecrated bishop rising from his chair, was led pontifically j through the Cathedral, and jn in's progress, blessed the people, all of whom seemed deeply interested and affected j by this touching part of the ceiemony. Returning to lite sanctuary, the latter ascended to the midd e GÍ the altar, where, with his mitre on his bead, and pastoral staff in his hand, he chaunted the Episcopal form of benediction, and then turning towards the people, tin ice tva*ed his hand over «hem in the form of a cross, saying, " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost after which the procession ie turned rhjough the church lo the entrance of the Cathedral, in the same order in which U had entered. Such is the outline of the ceremonia], wi ich was con ducted vHtb splendour and effect. This account can convey only a faint idea of the reality, and still lees of the impression which it appeared to produce upon all who witnessed it. Notwithstanding the length of the service, which com» menced at eleven o'clock, and did cot terminate tiU half ' "past three, no symptom of weariness or inattention mani fested itself; and even Protestants, of whom there were several hundreds present, appeared to take almost as deep an interest in it as Catitoíirs. The most perfect order and de corum prevailed throughout the service, there was no con fusion although the Cathedral was as closely packed as it possibly could be, a great crowd remaining outside who were unable to obtain admittance, so great indeed that some few of our most distinguished personages bad to be received through the vestry door ` who were seen rcakingsway to th%it ie|ts some behind the altar, others across a portion of tfo S8Ä||airy, sind little ont* io their red hoods hastily tripping it rn front of the arch, bishop's throne. No one during this lengthy ceremony evinced the slightest uneasiness or impatience, all «rerein, terested, ao'l to all therefore time passed unperceived. Surely it is a magnificent sisrht to witness these cere monies-this hte prf- sernrJ thrfitijjh all ibe vicissitudes of time and empire-in their tmmitive ac curacy ! Sorely it affords a subj*)' i of «leep rc fi cii >fi io al', that in the utter most parts of tile eaith, a spiritual f-jnciion of the highes! jurisdiction should take place, as independent of the secular authority as was the consecration <¡f the Apostles and of their disciples, under the sanction of an authority which three hundred rear* l»a«e tried ja vain to proscribe and extinguish in our native land. The same authority which sanctioned the consecration of the first prelate in that land, more than 1000 years since, now sanctions the first Episcopal Con- secration in Ausrnt a. Such is and must be the power of duration-of vitality-of unity-of universslity in the Church of God, and ta that (?;iurch aioce." 