THE COURIER. Strenue et Prospere. HOBART TOWN. FRIDAY. APRIL 5. AT a period when the paternal care of the British Government for the colony appears to be centred in the one object of wringing from her eyer* ptcunisry and otiier advantage which the combined acumen of the Colonial ' Office, the Fióme Office, and the astute Lords of the Treasury can devise; when their des- patches teem with reflections upon the past extravagance of public expenditure in the colony, mischievously encouraged (as is plainly insinuated) by the Governors themselves ; when a board is appointed to cut down, at all hazards, the convict expenses, and, lest it should fall, the prisoners are to be set to work to outgrow us in wheat, when the flour contracts are fulfilled at little more than three farthings a pound; a corresponding exertion, on the part of the local authorities, backed by the moral sense of the community, to restrain unjust imposition upon ourselves, a correspondent of a contemporary journal offers a suggestion which should be taken hold of, relative to the unfair imposition upon the colony -of the expenses of the Government Printing-office, as regards the Gazette. And when it is considered that the Gazette is filled, to a great extent, with tables of classification of probation prisoners (religiously devoted to imperial purposes,) with lists of their abscond ings and apprehensions, their cxpirys of sen- tence and notices of muster, with appointments of sessions of Supreme Courts and Courts of Quarter Sessions to try these imperial offend- ers ; and ofttimes with long tenders to induce the settlers to undertake the feeding of them at prices which the opposition induced by the depression of the times renders ruinous, it can hardly be regarded as unreasonable to expect the British Government, whose purposes are thus carried out, will acknowledge the equity of paying in due moderation for it. The apportionment of the expense of the Post-office department forms a precedent for remon- strance ; and, having in that instance beeti conceded, it is reasonable to suppose the same concessions will follow in the case of the Printing-office and other departments, great and small, where the imperial objects of the Home Government are sustained at our cost. Accord- ing to the figurative opinion elicited on the late trial, a convict colony might be presumed to be a " nipper ;" but no British dependency ever was more completely done than we have been by the officials of Downing-street. THE chivalrous spirit of the Advertiser has dictated a vindication of duelling, which amounts to this-that the "crime," for so the Advertiser notwithstanding calls it, has been authorised by the example of two Pre- miers of England (one the Duke of Welling- ton,) of a Lord Chancellor, two Judges, a Master of -the Rolls, and more than one Attorney-General ; and that Sir Robert Peel, when inquiring regarding this colony, asked, "Is there a high tone of feeling? are there many duels there?" and that thus-by duel- ling-only can many injuries be prevented or atoned for, and no man should be prevented from vindicating his injured honor.'' The lameness of this defence of a practice which, like many others, has been suffered to outlive the ignorance and superstition from which .it had its rise, is better than an elaborate con- demnation of it. The Adverther has certainly taken some trouble in stringing together a list of individuals who have fought duels, and we shall suppose his list to be accurate enough; probably, it has been taken from Dr. Milligan's " History of Duelling," a work which appeared a year or two since, and in which the particulars of several duels are con- tained. But of what value is this catalogue of names ? Can the Adverther show that all the individuals mentioned, acted on the deli- berate guidance of their understandings when they gave or accepted challenges ; or that they were not, on the contrary, in so doing, under the influence of those erroneous impulses fiom which no man is entirely exempt ? We admire the Advertiser's style of giving his authorities. It was Premiers, Lord Chan- cellors, Judges, Masters of the Soils, who gave the authority of their example in favour of duelling, not me», who sometime were young, were hot, impassioned, controlled by motives which their better judgment after, wards condemned 1 Adopting tbe Advertiser's mode of argument, we can fancy a youth defending himself against the charge of play- ing truant, or of orchard- robbing, by giving a catalogue of Judges, Premiers, Chancellors, and so forth, who had all in their day played truant or robbed orchards ! There must be a limit to the authority of example, as an argu- ment in justification of any practice, or what folly, extravagance, or crime almost is there which will not be defensible ? But Sir Robert Peel asked in reference to this colony simultaneously whether there was a high tone of feeling in it, and whether any duels were fought? We shall raise no question as to whether the Advertiser quotes correctly ; but taking his representation for true, to what does it amount? It amounts to this, and no more,-that the most polished states of society, as the most primitive, have their peculiar forms of disease, and that these are often the index to the general condition of society, just as-to take a homely illustration-maggots are an indication of richness, or their absence of poor- ness, in the character of a cheese. For duel- ling is no more the essence fas the Adverther would make it appear) of a high tone of feel- ing in society than maggots are the essential goodness of a cheese I We have no hesitation in going so far as to say, that in many instances, between duelling and a high tone of feeling, there is an immediate connexion; but we leave to the Advertiser to prove that high feelings always dictate right acts, or that they do not often, wanting the rays of sound judg- ment, do quite the reverse. But then, says the Advertiser-not Sir Robert Peel now-by duelling only can many injuries be prevented or atoned for, and no mun should be prevented vindicating his honor. Certainly not, nor his sense either ; and we leave the Advertiser to do this last in his next publication, by showing that duels are calculated to prevent, or atone for, injuries, or to establish any man's honor. fVe maintain, until better enlightened, that they can do neither the one nor the other. Paul Chatfield'« definition agrees with our own notion of the character of the vast majority of those whose means of preventing and atoning for injuries is the duello : - "A duellist is a moral coward, .eeking to hide the pusillanimity of his mind, by affecting a corporeal courage. Instead of discharging a pistol, the resource of bullies and bruvos, the really brave soul will dare to discharge its duty to God and man by refus- ing to break the laws of both. He is the true hero who can exclaim in the sublime lunguage of the French philosopher, ' Je crains Dieu, cher Abner, et je n'ai d'autre crainte.' " FIVE unhappy men have this morning j closed ignomimously a life of sin and sorrow, and we can at length speak, from our own observation, of the effects of a public execution. The scaffold was erected, as usual, in front of the gaol, within tíhe outer wall ; five ropes, ready noosed, were suspended; a military guard stood with their backs to the gaol, and facing them, in the middle of the street, a body of constables ; a crowd of many hundreds filled up the rear-ground, and the windows of the public offices exhibited eager spectators. The crowd consisted, beside men, of scores of women and as many children. As we turned the corner from Divey-slreet, when proceeding to the place of execution, the first group which arrested our attention consisted of three women and a man who stood by the paling which runs from the Police- office to the river side, and whose loud and reckless laugh and jocularity jarred with the feelings inspired by the occasion. Moving into the crowd, a female might be seen with two infant children which she was labouring to elevate at arm'8-iength to enable them to catch a glimpse-of what ?-of the ropes by which BO many lives were to be taken ! A spectator, whose gruff address indicated that a sense of inconvenience-from his view being obscured by the position taken by the woman and children referred to-rather than any very nice feeling of moral propriety was Iris motive,-commented aloud on the woman's bringing infants to witness such a spectacle, to which she replied coolly, "nothing like example ;" and then, turning to the children in her arms, she said-" look there my dears (pointing to tbe ropes,) they'ii soon be here, and you'll see the ropes put round their necks." A buzz in the crowd intimated the presence on the scaffold of the fust who ascended, and, on turning in that direction, a lad, apparently, was to be seen bowing to the spectators. His youthful and comely appear- ance excited expressions of grief and compas- sion from many present, and the words " so young" were simultaneously uttered in several quarters. His fated comrades now followed successively, accompanied by the Very . Reverend the Vicar-General, who appeared to the last to be earnestly applying the preparations and consolations of religion to the condemned. The ropes were now placed round the necks of the victims, and tlie caps drawn over their eyes. Just as this operation was about to be performed on one of the number, he stepped back.and kissed a companion in fate; and it was an eye whose fountains must have been frozen or dried up that could refuse a tear of sympathy at this last expression of an affection which was more powerful than all other emotions in such a seasou. The exterior of man's wretched justice being now arranged, the decent for- malities which precede the slaughter gone through, many of the spectators began to move away« satisfied with what they had seen, when a sudden noise attracting attention to the scaffuld, all was found to be over. The stretched ropes (which, in all the coolness of one familiar to his duties, the executioner was to be observed correcting some disarrange- ment in) indicated that all had been done which man in hate, or revenge, or fear, or aught of dislove, can do to his fellow- worm man, and that five human beings had ex- changed the vigour of life and early manhood for that sleep in which the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest. .So much for the detail of this scene. What are the reflections suggested by it ? it was intended, as all such spectacles are, to inspire dread. The woman in the crowd who alleged " nothing like example," iu justifica- tion of her bringing her infants to this scene, must not be censured. Are subjects to have a belter spirit than that which the law proceeds upon ? The law says-goes on the principle-that there is *' nothing like example." Awaji with such trash, however, we say. That ^¡neiple is as fallacious in practice at. i? is morally corrupt; and it is consistent!» interpreted when inter- preted as in this in'stance-in favour of exposing innocence to that which will surely, manifestly, admittedly corrupt. What were the sentiments inspired by the exhibition to us of man's mortal Bufferings judicially inflicted ? Were they sentiments of dread of such sufferings, and consequent fear to pro- voke their infliction? We declare to God, no. No man will ever think of the punish- ment of death with half the horror, after witnessing its infliction, which he had done before. The sentiment which the spectacle inspired in us, and which we could read in the countenances of many around us, was one of surprising iudiffereuce at the physical suffering, of deep moral sympathy for the sufferers, which excluded every other thought but that of their fate,-a sentiment, therefore, requiring a watchful exercise of sound judg- ment to prevent its betraying the mind into extravagances. We may hazard another reflection which occurred to us in connection with the same event. The Law exhibited itself in the ex- ecution this morning, asserting the utmost limit of its rights ; but the law has no rights for which it has not corresponding duties. Unless the first are measured by the last, injustice is done. Conceding its right to take life, we are bound to insist on its duty to use all the moral and other appliances at its command to obviate the necessity of such a measure; still more to remove all stimulus, as far as it can, to the perpetration of the crimes obnoxious to its penal severity. Need we inquire whether such has been the case in the instances of the several unhappy men who have suffered this morning? Has legal justice harmonised with moral justice in their lives'experience ? We stop not to attempt to resolve these questions ; but we cannot allow ourselves to sink out of all notice or acknowledgment the principle involved in them. At the same time we are fully alive to the impossibility, in the present circum- stances of this colony, of dispensing with death-punishment in many cases of bush ranging-an admission, which only forces upon us the more strongly the unsoundness of the policy now pursued in respect to convicts, which itself being the commence- ment of a -vicious circle, can be sustained viciously only, and can bring in its train nothing bul what is vicious. Tuesday. WE observe in a local print of Tuesday last, in the course of a very tedious and, in this colony, a very purposeless article,-the obvious emanation, where at all original, of a well-known pen,-the following passage : " The curates and a few benefited (query, beneficed ?) elerey arc the only portion of the establishment who reside in, and do the duty of, their parishes ; the remain- der being clerical sinecuriits, filled with the Holy Ghost, who share in the loaves and fishes." With the ostensible object of the writer of the above in the article in which it appears we care not to meddle ; but whether sharing to the full extent his views of the Church Establishment of England, or participating only slightly in them, or at variance with them altogether, we should equally abhor the ' sneering blasphemy with which the name of the third person iu the Trinity is introduced by him, and esteem it our imperative duty to rebuke the brazen guiltiness of the blas- phemer. A blasphemous writer is entitled to no forbearance, for he exercises none; he outrages the sentiments of every religious mind, and disgusts even those who lay no claim to the character of religious. He is a dangerous pestilence in the estimation of all serious minds, and an offensive nuisance] in theirs whose sentiments have only the decencies and decorums of life for their basis. WE draw attention to a letter in our columns which has reached us from London, addressed to the settlers of Van Diemen's Land, by one who has had experience in their circumstances, and has not ceased to be interested in them. We likewise call attention to a paragraph, taken from a Liverpool paper, headed " Austra- lian Grain." We still think, as we expressed some time since, that it would be advisable for the colonists to make an appeal to Lord Stanley for the same favour to be extended to Van Diemen's Land grain as that of Canada enjoys, the greater distance of our colony being taken also into further account. Sir Eardley \\\ ilmot would doubtless second such an appeal. 