THE " COLONIAL OBSEfVER." " CHRISTIANITY at the present moment is exactly in the condition of its great author in the days of his.flesh, crucified between two thieves. Popery on the one hand, and Puseyism on the other." * * * Popery is, a highway robber and no mistake. He comes up to Christian," * * * and telling him to stand and deliver, robs him of his bible." The above language we quote from the Colonial Observer* of the 4th of last month : Haid we not seen the words with our own eyes in that publication, we should scarcely have credited that any man, laying claim to respectability,-any man, outside of a tub or conventicle, would have the hardihood to make such unwarrantable,-such daring,- such utterly and absolutely unfounded as- sertions-assertions not only untrue, but diametrically opposed to the most known and notorious facts- facts open to the world. By Popery we understand the Observer to mean the Catholic Church. We shall not quarrel about the rude, vulgar insolence of the nickname Popery. We shall enter at once into the question of the truth or falsehood of the assertion of the Observer. He says, Popery robs the Christian of his Bible! We desire him to tell us when and where has he got his Bible, unless from Popery (as he calls the Catholic Church ?) How except from her authority, .does he know there is a Bible, or collection of writings by holy men, and that these writings were all inspired by God? How, except from her authority, does he know who wrote the epistle of St. James, that is, which of the Saint James's wrote it, (for there were two of the name?) How, except from her authority, does he know that it was dictated to either of them by the Holy Ghost, for Luther called it an epistle -of straw, (epistola straminea) ? How, except from her authority, does he know that the Apocalypse was written by St. John, and inspired by that Divine Spirit, for the same great reformer declared it Apocryphal?- How, except from the authority of the Catholic Church, does he know that the Canticle of Canticles (Song of Solomon) is the work of the Holy Ghost, and the Book of Baruch, the work of man ? \- We do not ask him how he knows them to be true, for books may be quite true, and yet not inspired - they are things as different as heaven is from earth. Josephus's history, or Tacitus's annals may be quite true, but that does not give them divine authority. We ask him then, how he knows with the certainty of faith, ex cept from. the Catholic Church, that these looks are in all their parts divinely true, .and inspired by-the spirit of God? Here we again challenge him to the proof. Who was it that first discriminated be tween the truly inspired Scriptures, and -the many false Scriptures, which were put forth (there were liars then, as well as now) for MANY HAD TAKEN IN HAND (Lukel1,i.) to write Gospels ? The Catholic Church It Who has guarded with more than a mother's care, that sacred deposit, of which she was appointed by Christ the judge, interpretress and conservatrix.? The Catholic Church ! Who has preserved those precious writings from the ravages of time, by multiplying copies.of them? and from the continued attempts of " Reformers"'to add to, detract from, or interpolate the text, so as to cor rupt it, in order to aid their views ? The Catholic Church.! Who was it, whose -members suffered scourgings, mutilations, crucifixioihs, beheadings, and every kind of death,- rather than deliver up. the holy books to the persecutors, who sought to destroy them with Christianity itself? The Ca- tholic Church ! Who was it that provided before the art of printing was invented, that.numbers.:of religious men should be -continually employed in transcribing the sacred volume, in the monasteries, and even females in convents ? The Catholic Church ! What church is that whose children even NOW, IN THIS OUR DAY, if persecution. were to arise, would suffer imprisonment, scourging, or any kind of death, rather than deliver up the holy Bible to the per secutors ? No doubt the Catholic. 'To the Catholic Church, then, is it solely due that we have a Bible at all—to the Catholic Church is due (notwithstanding the vast cost and labour) that, before the art of printing, so many thousand Bibles were. dispersed throughout the Christian world, And yet, in the face of such facts as we have stated, this man comes forth and says Popery robs the Christian of his Bible! And who is this man? A son without a father ! An apostle sent by nobody ! Who is he ? Whence 'did he' come ? Who sent him ?-will he say John Knox ? or John Calvin.? This is no answer. How can they-preach 'except they be sent.? and who~ sent either Knox or Calvin ? If-the 'Rev.. Observer has a mission from Christ, Manes had one as well, and Arius, and John Bockholdt, and 'Socinus, and George Fox, and Johanna Southcote, and the bearded prophets there is no difference—either all' have missions or none. But how do they prove the truth of their missions, reader ? Why that the old church was idolatrous ! But, an idolatrous church can have' no mission itself, and therefore can give none, (ex nihilo nihil fit) Their mission then: falls to the ground.; and .this man, there fore, entering not into the fold by the door, is (as to spiritual power) " a thief and a robber."-(John x. 1.) Such a man deserves no answer: 'nor should he get one, but for the sake of; others.' We omitted to mention, that in so great abhorrence has tho Catholic Church held * The Colonial Observer is said to be conducted by the traditores, or traitors, who for fear of tor- meats and death gave up the Holy Books to be burned, that in the violent persecution of Dioclesian, A. D. 302, several having done so, through weakness, whom Cecilian, Bishop of Carthage,,received on repentance to communion, which was approved of by the Pope, but which Donatus, Bishop of Caste Nigrae in Africa(one of the Unco Guid) so condemned, that he first censured it, then fell into schism, lastly commenced a most perverse and obstinate heresy, which spread far and wide, and continued for upwards of a century amongst the people of Africa. We mention this, merely to show the ex- traordinary love, reverence, and respect in which the Catholics always held the Bible, as. they do still, and ever will; but they evince that love, not by profaning it-not by making it a school-book a play-thing not by telling every ignorant cobbler, or a oyster wench, or boy, or child, that they are able, and commanded to read and to judge of its meaning and import, without consult- ing or submitting to any human authority ! -No ! but by praying for the guidance of the Holy Spirit to understand it aright, be- fore they read it—by reading it with reve- rential diffidence in their own judgment; and in yielding obedience to the decisions and teaching of the Church instructed by Christ, and the spiritual guides she pro- vides them, being sure in so doing, not to err ! This is the Catholic way of reveren- cing the Bible, as the vehicle of the word of God. We wish here to correct some very com- mon, but very fatal mistakes: one is res- pecting the words everlastingly dinned in our ears of " search the scriptures," as if it were an universal command : whereas it is no command at all! but only an argument ad hominem : Christ when he spoke these words, was not instructing his disciples— He never gave them such a precept !— He is merely arguing with the obstinate Jews, who professed to build their doctrine on the Scriptures of Moses. He says— (John v. 39) " search the Scriptures for in them YE THINK ye have eternal life ?" It seemed a sort of ordinary saying among the Jews, for the priests said the same, (John vii. 52) " search the Scriptures, for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet." In the words " ye think," Dr. Wiseman very pro perly remarks, that their meaning is adverse to the idea of their finding eternal life in the Scriptures (i. e. misunderstanding and per verting them as they did;) and he adduces parallel passages, such as " they think in their much speaking they shall be heard," (Matt. vi. 7.) See also, Luke xviii. 8, John xi. 13. We have not space to argue the point at length now ; but his words could not bear the meaning attributed to them, becanse, first-lie is speaking only of the OLD TESTAMENT; and secondly, if he intended It as an universal command (as is so often asserted) he would have used a very different-form of words, and addressed them not in an argument ad hominem to the' Jews only, but plainly to his disciples, on the Mount, or somewhere. Another text worn threadbare by tea and tract ladies and gentlemen, is (II. Tim. iii. 15) " from a child thou has known the holy Scriptures, which are able -to make thee wise unto salvation, ' through faith' which is in Christ Jesus." The argument deduced from this text, un- fortunately for them would prove too much, for as Timothy only knew the Old Testament, if that alone were sufficient to make wise to salvation, the new were needless, which to say, would be blasphemy. They torture these few (and they are few) texts, in order to extract out of them a meaning they do not contain, nor convey, viz., a command of Christ for all to read the Bible ; for if he gave such a command, he would be a tyrant (which' is another blasphemy to imagine) because he would then have given a command impossible to be obeyed, seeing that all men had not Bibles, nor if they had, could they read them! Our limits forbid its now to enter more fully into the question ; but the assertions we have alluded to, as to the meaning of our Saviour and St. Paul, are illogical, irrational, and un founded. Yet' on them hangs the whole so called Reformation. Venice, they say, stands upon wooden legs, but here is a system of religion without even wooden legs !—without a leg at all to stand on! 'Having been ourselves educated in the doctrines of the Church of England, we feel not only great fraternal love and, respect, but the deepest sympathy, and tenderest re gard for all who are similarly circumstanced -we too well know the power of parental teaching on the human mind-the force of habit-the esprit' de corps,' 'and all the thou- sand ties which 'bind men to the habits of thinking they have acquired in youth: else why is it that the son of an Episcopalian sees the Trinity so clearly revealed in scrip ture, while the son of an Unitarian cannot see it there at all, but utterly denies it ? 'Why is it that the son of a Presbyterian believes fully in absolute decrees, and that the son of an Arminian regards such doc trine as impious ?-that the son of a Jew is a Jew—of a Deist a Deist, &c.; &c.; ? But the most strange part of all is, that each can see the veil that hides the truth from his neighbour's eyes, but cannot see that which hangs before his own ! In one thing, however, they all agree, viz. that Popery at all events, 'is a corrup- tion; and some say (even the law) .that it, is idolatrous This prestige—this rooted opi- nion (for we cannot call it conviction)-this enchainment of mind which is begun in the nursery, continued at school, confirmed through life-is heard at breakfast-- din-' ner supper- at Church and 'in farces— songs read in revels-tracts- annotations to Bibles, &c.-that; the Catholic faith of the present day (which they nickname Popery) is a thing different, 'nay altogether opposed to the Catholic faith of the primitive ages! This rooted but most groundless opinion, is the greatest of obstacles to men in arriving at truth; and one which few indeed sur- mount. But as the false witnesses against Christ could not agree in their testimony, so nei ther do those who assert this execrable and impious falsehood, that the Church of Christ has erred from the truth. The Book of Homilies, canonized by Act of Parliament, (Act xxxv) says, " laity and clergy,` learned and unlearned, all ages, sects, and degrees of men, women and children of whole Chris- tendom, had been at once drowned in an abominable idolatry, and that for the space of 800 years and more," (Homr Per. Idol. iii. 251.) This, though the word more is ambiguous, would bring the ancient Church safe and sound to about A.D. 750. Perkins, a great writer, says, ," We say that before c the days of Luther, for the space of many hundred years, an universal apostacy over- spread the whole face of the earth, and that our. (the true) Church was not visible in the world ;" (Expos. Creed. p. 400) - this is strong, and cautious, bujt is vague. Almost every writer on the subject has fixed on and asserted a different date for the " first rise of the papacy; that is, each writer has fixed on a different man as the one who last sat as a true Bishop of. Rome and legitimate successor to St. Peter; and him who first by a metamorphosis far beyond any thing in the thousand and one nights, as soon as he sat in the chair, became the Man of sin ! the grand enemy of truth ! -Antichrist !- This is the rub !-To omit fifty others, who chose all periods, " the learned and worthy Mr. Napier" (as Collier's list. Dict, calls him) says, " From the year of Christ, 316, the antichristian and papistical reign has begun; reigning universally and without any debatable contradiction 1260 years !" (Revelations prop. 37. p. 68.) This is pre cise enough and reaches pretty high ! How ever that Antichrist did, openly or covertly \- by night or by day- in some century, either the 8th or the 4th-get into St. Pe ter's chair is certain! for the grave and learned head of the Anglican Church, Arch bishop Tillotson, thus solemnly preaches: " In the beginning of the Reformation, when Antichrist sat securely in the quiet possession of his kingdom, Luther arose," (Serm. 49. p. 588.) If writings and printings were not in delible-if it were not impossible to delete and blot them from human sight, (for litera scripta manent) posterity would not believe that human beings-men endowed with, rationality, could have been so utterly blinded in understanding by fanaticism, as to pen the puerile dreams—the ridiculous hallucinations -—the outrageous extrava vagances, only befitting maniacs, that we read in their comments on the Apocalypse and prophecies, and all the mysteries hidden in the number 666 ! Grenville Sharp, one of the latest of the mad tribe) who out of the Bible was no fool, said that in the word Lat, which is the Hebrew verb to hide, or conceal, be discovers the ANTI- CHRIST ! The priest at Mass LATs some things (i. e., speaks setto voce) and as ihe speaks in LAT-in, the name of the beast is LATEINOS ! This is further proved by the name of his church and palace, LAT eran; and, it is confirmed by the said LAT-eran palace and church, beingsituatedi in the ancient LAT-ium ! But the Achilles of proofs-the wonder-the clincher is, that if you read the word Italy backwards (He- brew-like) YLATI, you find the fatalword LAT full in the centre of it !! So that it is "more than certain" that LAT-EINOS was the name of the Beast, and the Beast itself was the LAT-in Church - Is this small sample enough for thee, dear reader ? Only our space forbids, we should give thee such extracts from those comin mentators, that hadst thou the gravity of Don Quixote, we should move the muscles of thy countenance :-but we must be brief. We cannot here possibly combat at any length, the monstrous, false, and impious doctrine, that the Church of Christ (i. a. the Catholic Church) is not now the same in all its virginal purity—is not endowed. with all the same glorious attributes-is not identical in faith with, the ancient and primitive Church. And why is she the same? Is it because mens' virtue, or wis dom or any human power could then, or now, sustain her in purity and perfection ? No! but because her divine founder and hieadl hus 'pledged his sacied word thInt " the gates (or powers). of hell shall not revail against her;"' and " tliatlie will ra- main with her during all Ages." To him, " a thousand years are but as yesterday," and to say, that He who has "espoused liar \-- with an eternal love," took his spouse, (as some fashionable husbands take their wives) viz., with being very fond at first, (lie was fond, they say, Ior about a century) ; then rather less fond for another eentury4 -then somewhat cool and careless, but on the whole kind, for another century or so ;-but at last, did so wholly forget, neglect, and abandon her, as to allow Antichrist to se duce her, and live with her as an adultress I -all this they assert; but to the mind of reason, it is such monstrous iimpiety, as well as total absurdity, that had we net, seen at Horeb, and at Dan, and Bethel, as well as amongst Manicheans, and Priscillia nists, and Southcottites, and ****, how low the human mind can descend from reason, it would beutterly incredible. But to destroy this most strange, but fatal delusion, we have only to read their own writers, who stab to the heart their own doctrine and assertions.-To touch upon it slightly en passaiit :-their' most violent partizans admit, (as we said) that up to A.D. 316, the Church was not Popish, but pure, and christian, being but just emerged from the violent and bloody persecution begun by Dioclesian In 302, and continued to-.A.D. 313.. In 325, the first great general Council was held at Nice against the " reformation" begun by Arius, a priest of Alexandria, who asserted that the Church had fallen into idolatry, in wor- shipping Christ as God, and equal to the Father, in direct contradiction, as he said, to the scripture, in which He says himself, that " my Father is greater than I," &c.; &c.; So we have got the true Church on by admission of all, nine years more, to A.D. 325. In 326, St. Helena, the mother of Con- stantine the Great, went to Jerusalem, to endeavour to find the cross bn which her Saviour was nailed, and did find, and venerate it, as affectionately. as an Alfred, or a More, or a Fisher, or a Fenelon, or a Pascal, or a Bossuet, or an Alban Butler, would have done; or as now a Polding, or a Pompallier, or a Wiseman, or a Gregory XVI. would. So that we find that holy and illustrious woman, the mother of the greatest monarch of the world, whose faith was identical with that of St. ' thanasius and of all the great men to the number of three hundred and eighteen, who formed the Nicene Council that condemned Arius, doing just what anothei Catholic princess now would do, and no more. Thus we have got forward the true Church another year to 326. All men must agree, that God would not, nor could not, (without dishonouring his own glorious name) by a miracle, bear attestation to a falsehood. Now the Emperor Julian, who had apostatized, and determined to prove Christ, who had foretold the utter destruction of the Jewish temple, to be an impostor, seit his friend Alypius, who had been pro-prwtor in Britain, to rebuild it, and to spare no cost; he with such orders, assembled architects and workmen from every quarter, as well as Jews, whose very women carried the earth out of the founda- tions in their aprons, so overjoyed were they: however, repeated earthquakes, and subterraneous fires bursting forth on every renewed attempt, obliged them after all their efforts, to desist and give it up. This great miraculous event is recorded by the greatest men, who were its contemporaries, such as St. Gregory Nazianzen, St. Chrysos- tom, St. Cyril, &c.; &c; ; even Ammianus Afar- cellinus, a Pagan nobleman and friend of Julian, thus admits it,-"Hocque modo, elemento destinatius repellente;" Bishop War- burton wrote a dissertation expressly on it,ad ducing all the authorities, and declares, that " this illustrious miracle comes out in a full blaze of evidence :" this brings on the true church thirty-seven years more, to A. D. 363. Let us see if we cannot bring it down a few years mere. St. Jerom, that learned and illustrious man, was born according to the best authorities, in 342, consequently was 21 years. of age at the time of this great event. He travelled to Antioch-to 1 Alexandria-to Jerusalem-he.received, as he says, the blessings of the eminent saints and solitaries, the two Macariuses,. Isidore, Pambo,' Pcemen, and Joseph, all of whom had known and loved the great St. Athan asius, who lived to A, D. 373. Therefore, there can beno doubt that St. Jerom well knew the faith of that age. He writes, in 377, , thus to St. Damasus, Pope-" I am joined in communion with your holiness '- -that is, with the chair of Peter ; who ever eats the lamb out of that house is a profane person ; whoever is not in that ark shall perish in the deluge. I do not-know Vitalis: I do not communicate with Mdle tins : Paulinus is a stranger to me : who ever gathers not with thee, scatters; that is, whoever is not of Christ, belongs to Anttichrist," &e; . e must curtail this .beautiful letter, imperishable inonument as it i9, of what the faith was A. D. 377. We have gotthe ancicnt faith tlius 'far : St. Jeroni was employed by the Pope to translate or revise the whole Latin Bible (which is. still in use, and called the Vul gate;'acknowledged by all nien of learning to be of the highest accuracy and value.) St..Jeroii lived to A.D. 420, having up to his death, enjoyed the friendship. of the *great prelates and saints, who illustrated that brilliant age' of the church; so that we may fully and fairly assume that no 'change in faith, from the -great miracle of 363 at the foundations of the Temple, to that great man's deceasc, did 'or-could take place. This brings the truth to'A.D. 420. *Now let -us see, whether we cannot make modern Catholicity' sfiake hands with the ancient. To omit other proofs; St. Palladius was-ordained Bishop to preach to the Scots in Ireland and Scotland,' A.D). 431, by. Pope Celestine, which lie did, 'and became the apostle of the latter. St. Patrick was ordained by thme same Pope to the Irish 'Mission, A.]). 432, -who, arriving in Ireland soon after, converted in a few years the whole Irish people, to the very faith they new hold. During the eleven or twelve years that elitpsed. from the deaths of- Saint Jerome, to the consecra Lion of Saint Palladitis and Saint Patrick, all the prodigious things declared by .Gran ville Sharpe and Bishop Newton to be con Itamned in the Apocalypse must have occurred! But even in these years we have four Apos tohic menc who preceded St. Patrick preach jaIg in Ireland, namely, SS. Albeus, Deolan, Ibar, and Kiaran 'Saigir. Thtis have, we brought, by a. clear, familiar, but itnan swerable chain of proofs, plain, to the on derstanding' of a child, tlhit It is demon strable, from mere history, that thseze is not jot or a tittle in which, as to faith, time modern Church differs from' that of a Je- rome,- an Athanasians, a Chrysostomi, a Cyril, an Ignatius. Points of discipline may change, but the faith-never. St. Augustine the monk was ordained by Pope Gregory I. to preach to the Saxons, in 596, which he did effectually. It was pre' cisely'- the same faith as that taught by St. Patrick to the Irish: how-could it be other- wise? Geometry demonstrates, that two lines eaeh equal to a third, must be equal to each other-so St. Athanasius, St. 'Jerom, St. Patrick, and 'St. Augustine" the . monk; agreeing in faith 'with the head' 'of the church, must have agreed withi each other. We have thus endeavoured to condense into a focus, and refute shortly..but clearly, some' of the most common mistakes as to the non- identity of the modern Catholicity with the ancient, which we do hope will 6 induce all well meaning non-Catholics to regard us and our faith, with a more lenient eye, and more kindly feeling-were it not for them, we should utterly disregard the arguments---the unfounded assertions, and the rude, uncourteous, and most unbecoming language of the Observer, In his number of the 27th ult.,. lie re iterates his old contempt of truth, in saying, "she (i. e. the Catholic Church) has denied the Holy Scriptures to the laity, or, in other a words, has withheld them from them in i every possible way." .How true this is, will appear from the following. able article, , which we copy from the Dublin Review, and some other documents bearing on-the question. The Observer asks (speaking of the Irish) " will the Romish priesthood tell us, there- fore, whether they have ever given these three millions and a half of people the Holy Scriptures in the only tongue they can understand." In 'this there are almost as many mis-statements as-words: in the first place, we do not believe there are now one million-nay, not the half of one million of people in Ireland who cannot.speak English : in many years' experience, we never met perhaps an hundred: secondly, the reading and writing of the Irish or Celtic language (especially in the ancient character, consisting of only seventeen let ters, the same. in number, and very nearly t the same in form, as those brought by Cad mus from Phoenicia into Greece, and which alone can express the sounds of the Irish language) never was general among the people, but was confined to a few who might have fancied it, or young men intended for the priesthood ; thirdly, the Bible is given, that is sold, to the whole' people of Ireland, rho-,iuh' it; ' nay, booksellers vie with each other in selling it cheap, as an advertise ment out of the Freeman's Journal (which we give as a sample) will shew. So this "damning confession" which the Observer wants so much to hear, he will be disappointed of; but though he never heard of Irish Scriptures, there was an Irish New Testament published by Dr. O'Don nell, Archbishop of Tuam, one hundred years ago, for the cost of which the people of his diocese paid an acreable rate rand lately, Dr. M'Hale of Tuam, also has published the I New Testament in Irish, and' circulated it among the few of his flock .who can read Irish. But in all this fanfaroniade' of the Ob- server, he forgot to tell us, that every thing that bloody and ruthless tyranny could do, was done, to 'exterminate -all books and writings from 'amongst the Irish.' `That more than Vandalic tigress, Elizabeth; in slaying the Irish, did not forget"their fair famed learning ; she ordered' all books, manuscripts, and writings of -whatever kind, to be sought out every-where, brought to Dublin and burnt, which was- done, with the exception of a few of such 'exquisite penmanship, that her savage ministers; dis obeyed their more- savage mistress "and a few are still preserved. in Trinity. College, Dublin, as curiosities. The Observer forgot aso to'say, that there was a law passed which' declared, that if 'a Catholic kept a school,' he was" subject to transportation, and if' he' returned from transportation he was hanged ? And that if any adult or child' attended such school, he thereby forfeited all property? Yet, this man dares to reproach the Irish Clergy with the non- possession of the 'scriptures by the Irish Catholic people, knowing 'that men like him, have for three -centuries done-all that the most ingenious tyranny, and most savage barbarism could-do, to eradicate the bible, and all other works in the Irish lan guage! - -1 -.' a 'Thme Observer*, perhaips, would do quite as well to mind his own flock, (if hb'has'a flock) as to trourble himself so greatly 'about the Irish: they are in 'good hands': those who can read the bible may have it at six shillings; and every Bishop and Priest re -commends it to huis flock, though not' cx -actly in the way. the Loiidon -Hibernian 4Society did,. when they sent; 750 Bibles in thin Irish character to thme 18th or. 'Royal Irish regiment, not one of whom could read Irish, and'very.fcw cotildaspeakit- ~When Q~ueen Elizabeth destroyed Irish learning, she could not destroy the Catholic., faith': -the. Irish people 'were fed -with the same , word of life as the primitive christians, wimo \- vcre not deprived of' it, though thoy.'had Sno new testament fornmany years,St. o~hmn's SGospel iot- being written till -A.D. .96. Christ did not say to his disciples when he sent them, ""go write bibles and distribute them ;" nor " go set up schools etc. teach men to read' . But knowing that for .1450 years men generally could not have bibles, nor read them if ,they had, he 'said' to. his apostles " go teach all nations ;" that is 'go preach the gospel--the word of- life, Irenaeus says,' (4dmm Icir, ci,' I) 'Sero coeperunt ilpostoli doctrinam suam literis consignare; principio intenti'predicatione verbi, at illucd inscriberent cordibus discipulorum.' (The Apostles began late to write their doctrine in scripture, at first they were eager to preach the word and thus write it in the hearts of the disciples.) The same method the Irish clergy took; when Elizabeth destroyed their books. It is remarkable, that lhe great polyglot bible by Cardinal Ximenes, which'occupied several learned men for twelve years -came out in six vols. folio in 1517, the very year that St. Martin, II.-(Luther) began to dogmatize, How this Ximenes must have hated the bible! and also those learned Benedictines, Maurists, Jesuits, &c.;, who spent their lives giving out other inestimable polyglot bibles since; as also in seeking out, collating, and correcting innumerable, manuscipts of the the sacred writings in Chaldaic, Coptic, Ar menian, Arabic, Syriac, Greek, Latin, &c.; ! How these men must have desircd to ex terminate and abolish the bible ! 