LETTERS ON THE INQUISITION. (Continued from our last.) NOTES AND ILLUSTRATIONS. (C). THE PROTESTANT'S RULE OF BELIEF. There is nothing in the leading rule of the Pro testant's belief, that can impart that certitude, which the character of divine faith requires ; nor yet, in- spire that wise conviction which is so important to christian happiness. On the contrary, there is nothing in the rule but what, if well analysed, and consistently applied, must create incertittude and doubt; and what, therefore, must eventually tend to generate incredulity or indifference. These propositions, awful as they are, are, I conceive, as manifestly true in theory, as they are incontestably confirmed by experience. For the mind to possess that certitude, that un. hesitating certitude, whlclh is the essential property of divine faith, or even enjoy that calm conviction, which is the best ingredient of christian happiness; it cannot but seem necessary, that both its certitude and its conviction, should be founded upon some firm and solid basis; upon principles so fixed, definite, and clear, as neither to admit the misgivings of doubt, nor the fluctuations of instability. In fact, nothing should be so solid, nothing is so solid, as the foundations of divine faith; nothing should be so secure and satisfactory, as the grounds or motives upon which the confidences of christian happiness repose. Without these requisites,' the mind, whose very nature is weakness and instability, must necessarily be unsettled and perplexed. And what then is the real and acknowledged foundation, both of the Protestant's faith and of his convictions ? I am speaking of the consistent Pro testant. The Protestant who forms his belief con sistently, and according to his own rule of faith, is a man who, denying and rejecting the right of any external authority to decide or controul his religious opinions, judges for himself, and forms his own system of belief, according to the dictates of his own reason, and the suggestions of his own con science. This alone is consistent Protestantism, insomuch that whatever Protestant has not formed his belief in this manner, is a direct violator of the first law of the reformation. In order then, to perform the arduous task, the first expedient to which he has recourse, and in fact, the only one, to which he should have re course—is to study and consult his Bible. Accord- ingly he does this. He reads, studies, and pores over the sacred volume—the book, alas, which, per- haps, beyond any other, is the most difficult to understand. However, he reads and consults this. But then, here is the awful circumstance. His own weak and private reason is its only authorised inter- preter I so that what forms his belief, are the notions or opinions, which his own judgment affixes to it. Wherefore, supposing any set of religious opinions, formed in this manner—although formed with the utmost care and piety,—can the person who has formed them thus, be really in his own heart, assured that they are certainly DIVINE; the dictates of the Holy Ghost, and the solid basis of eternal security ? Fanaticism, surely, or the boldest pre. sumption, could alone confide in so palpable a de lusion. The peculiarity alone of a set of opinions, or of a code of belief formed in this manner; and differing as it must, from every other, cannot but destroy,—to the good sense at least, of every other prudent man—the assurance that it is divine. In fact, any set of religious opinions, that are formed, and founded upon the judgment alone of any pri vate individual, must, of course, be just alike un certain, and alike unsteady, as is the judgment of the individual who presumes to decide. They can be no other than conjectures; or bare probabilities at best. And probabilities are not faith. And yet, such as the above, is alone consistent Protestantlsm. It is a fortunate thing for religion, as well as for society, that there are few CONSISTENT Protestants; few, who following their own leading rule, compose BY IT their own separate creeds. For if such were the case, there would necessarily be just as many creeds, as individuals. The ordinary and general principle, therefore, of the belief of the great body of the Protestant public, for example, in relation to the Established Church—is habit, and the pre- sumed authority of this Church. " Perhaps," says Mr. Secretary Knox, "' ninety nine out of a hundred, have from mere habit, belonged to the Church of England. This conjecture of the learned writer may possibly be exaggerated. But, to be lieve, even upon the presumed or assumed authority of any Protestant Church—this, besides being a violation of the first law of the Reformation, is, at the same time, a platform far too slender to form the basis of any belief that can be properly deemed divine. The reason is, and it is the acknowledg- ment of all the Protestant Churches—that all churches, like all individuals, are liable to error; and that their doctrines consequently may be erroneous and false. "Articles of Churches,' says Bishop Watson, " are not of divine authority. Have done with them. This MAY be true. This MAY be false." However, so it is—nothing is so inconsistent as the Protestant Churches, once powerfully estab lilsied. For althlough all these profess to admit the rejection of authority, or of all control, on the sub ject of belief, as inconsistent with the liberty, and the privileges both of the Gospel and of reasoun yet they, all of them, claim a measure of authority which is not, in fact, inferior to that of infallibilty. Thus, for example, the Church of England com- mands, and compels, its members to believe its doc- trines, under the pain of excommunication. It even obliges its ministers to swear, that they revere, and accept them, as the dictates of the Holy Ghost. Surely if this is not inconsistency and something worse, it is difficult to say what it is. But in order to show, still farther, how little the authority of any particular Protestant church, how ever powerful and respectable it may be, is entitled to be prudently regarded and reverenced as divine, let the reader only make the following simple obser vation. Let him take any single Protestant church he pleases—let him take, for instance, the estab- lished church of this country, a church, whicah is, no doubt, distinguished for the learning, the talents, and the virtues of multitudes of its members. Let him take this church. Behold, he sees at once that its authority is denied, and itself rejected, as not being the true church of Christ, by all the other Protestant churches and religions of the universe. Its authority is denied, and its pretensions and creed are rejected by Churches, perhaps equal to itself, in point of extent, and of the numbers of their members; for example, the whole Lutheran and Calvinistic communions. They are rejected, too, by men who, in regard of learning, talents, and their exalted characters, are alike, and equally famed, as are the members of the established church. Wherefore, considering these circumstances, and comparing authority with authority, and claims with claims; the inference in the ordinary course of reasoning is, that the pretensions of the Church of England to any divine authority are groundless and unfounded. It is certainly so, if the concurrent and united judgment of a larger, and this equally enlightened body of men be preferable to that of a smaller. Tihe foregoing consideration will appear siill more forcible, if to it be added, also, the reflection on the state of the established church itself. As desiribed by some of its own members, " it is shivered to pieces by wedges made out of its own body." It is divided, indeed, into schools or sects, maintaining the most opposite and conflicting doctrines, ' We have," says Mr. Nightingale, " in the body of our clergy, Arminian, Calvinian, Unitarian, Pelagian, Arian, Socinian, Sabellian, Trinitarian, and I know not how many other sorts of clergymen." "Attend" says Secretary Knox, " to the controversy at this day, within the Church of England, about the meaning of the 39 articles, and the obligation in curred by subscription. See, how some make ab solutely nothing of this, or of them, turning the articles into a dead letter, and assent and consent into a farce." The public curiosity is just now excited by the formation of a new school or sect, which is rising up in one of the Universities, and which is com posed of some of its most learned, pious, and dis tinguished members. What, however, may be the real tenets, or the ulterior designs of these respec- table personages, this is a secret, which time must reveal. At present, they appear, to be neither one thing nor the other, Via Menians, wanderers between two very widely separated paths—too enlightened to approve of their own church—too deeply pre- judiced to make choice of ours. To ours, indeed, their leading and favourite principles would conduct them, had they but the courage to follow them up consistently. Whence, also, they are called by their own Protestant opponents," the Revivalists of Popery." But, ah ! so, I fear much, it will be : arrived on the banks of the Rubicon, they will shrink back, and turn away. However, I will say ; "Tales cum sint Utinam nostei essent." Concerning the private opinions, entertained by multitudes of the most learned portions of the Es- tablished Church, I say nothing. 'These, of course, must be various and discordant, wherever men reason and judge for themselves. If indeed, the accu sation which is very frequently urged against them, be well founded, Socinianism is their favourite system. Hence, therefore; all the above circumstances, seeing the state of the established church, that it is thus divided within itself; rejected by all the other churches and sects of the reforma- tion, is well as by the immense body of the Catholic church, considering these, and many such like cir cumstances, I cannot well conceive how any pru dent man can, upon the sanctions of its authority, either adore its articles, as divine ; or revere the establishment itself, as the institution of the eternal wisdom. Here, again, just as in the case of judging by the rule of Protestantism, the proudest man must doubt. If the evils, resulting from the principles of pro testantism, were confined but to certain doubts, con- cerning certain articles of faith, or if they were limited only to an inconsiderable portion of so- ciety, the misfortune, although great, would still be, comparatively speaking, of inferior moment. But, unhappily, both for the order of religion and of society, the great evils which result from those principles, are these, that, besides producing doubts and various forms of religious error, they produce, moreover, wherever they are boldly and consistently applied, either the rejection of all religion, or a total indifference to its doctrines. Such, certainly, is the fact, whilst, at the same time, the multitudes who do apply them thus, are countless and innumerable —crowding all the paths of society, and consisting, for the most part, of men, who, if not learned, are well educated. And then, what is still most awful, It is by those principles alone, that they either de- fend, or pretend to prove, their respective codes of irreligion. In fact, if once you emancipate the human mind from all restraint,—if you proclaim, as the first law of Protestantism does—that every individual is the judge, and arbiter of his own belief, why, with this prerogative, this ' Glorious Liberty of the Reformation," you may account at once, consider ing all the various forms of the human character the force of men's passions, prejudices, and self love ; the differences of their capacity, dispositions, &c.-you; may, considering these circumstances, acount not only for every absurdity of error, but for every doctrine of irreligion, and for a total indiffer ence to all religion. So obviously, in fact; are all these evils the natural, and even necessary result of the aforesaid principles, that they were early fore- seen and foretold, by the very men who had intro duced them. In their confidential letters to one another, it may be seen that the first Reformers were frequently wont as own and lament them. Thus Melancthon, for example, in an epistle to one of his friends says to him:' " It is much to be feared, that the time will soon come when men 'will con- sider religion as a matter of no moment; or else, they will look upon all differences of religion, as mere trifles, and verbal things." In another epistle he exclaims, " What a tragedy have we prepared for posterity !' To foresee indeed, and to foretell all this, considering the above principles, required neither any great foresight, nor any prophetic spirit. 