A GHOST STORY OF CHRISTMAS. (BY BOZ.) (Continued from our last.) " It opened, and a little girl, much younger than the boy, came darting in, and, putting her arms about his neck, and often kissing him, addressed him as her " Dear, dear brother." " ' I have come to bring you home, dear brother!' said the child, clapping her tiny hands, and bending down to laugh, ' to bring you home, home, home !' " ' Home, little Fan ?' returned the boy. "'Yes!' said the child, brimful of glee, 'Home, for good and all.' ' Home, for ever and ever.' Father is so much kinder than he used to be, that home's like Heaven. He spoke so gently to me one dear night when I was going to bed, that I was not afraid to ask him once more if you might come home ; and he said, ' Yes, you should ;' and sent me in a coach to bring you. ' And you're to be a man!' said the child, opening her eyes, 'and never to come back here ; but, first, we're to be together all the Christmas long, and have the merriest time in all the world.' " ' You are quite a woman, little Fan !' exclaimed the boy. " She clapped her hands and laughed, and tried to touch his head ; but, being too little, laughed again, and stood on tiptoe to embrace him. Then she began to drag him, in her childish eagerness, towards the door ; and he, nothing loath to go, accompanied her. " ' Always a delicate creature, whom a breath might have withered,' said the ghost ; but ' she had a large heart !' " ' So she had,' cried Scrooge. 'You are right. I'll not gainsay it, spirit. God forbid !' " ' She died a woman,' said the ghost, ' and had, as I think, children.' " ' One child,' Scrooge returned. "'True,' said the ghost. " Your nephew !' " Scrooge seemed uneasy in his mind, and answered briefly, ' Yes.' " Presto! The scene changes, and we have another picture of the early life of Scrooge. " The ghost stopped at a certain ware- house door, and asked Scrooge if he knew it. " ' Know it !' said Scrooge. - Was I not apprenticed here ?' " They went in. At sight of an old gentleman in a Welsh wig sitting behind such a high desk, and if he had been two inches taller he must have knocked his head against the ceiling. Scrooge cried in great excitement — " ' Why, it's old Fezziwig ! Bless his heart, it's Fezziwig alive again.' " Old Fezziwig laid down his pen and looked up at the clock, which pointed to the hour of seven. He rubbed his hands ; adjusted his capacious waistcoat ; laughed all over himself, from his shoes to his organ of benevolence ; and called out in a comfortable, oily, rich, fat, jovial, voice, " ' Yo ho, there ! Ebenezer ! Dick !" " Scrooge's former self, now grown a young man, came briskly in, accompa- nied by his fellow-'prentice. " ' Dick Williams, to be sure!' said Scrooge to the ghost. ' Bless me, yes. There he is. He was very much attached to me, was Dick. Poor Dick ! Dear, dear !' " ' Yo ho, my boys !' said Fezziwig. ' No more work to-night. Christmas eve, Dick. Christmas, Ebenezer ! Let's have the shutters up," cried old Fezziwig, with a sharp clap of his hands, ' before a man can say Jack Robinson !' " You wouldn't believe how these two fellows went at it. They charged into the street with the shutters— one, two, three — had 'em up in their places — four, five, six — barred 'em and pinned 'em — seven, eight, nine — and came back before you could have got to twelve, panting like race-horses. " ' Hilli-ho !' cried old Fezziwig, skip- ping down from the high desk with won- derful agility, ' Clear away, my lads, and let's have lots of room here. Hilli-ho, Dick. Chirrup, Ebenezer.' " Clear away ! There was nothing they wouldn't have cleared away, or couldn't have cleared away, with old Fezziwig looking on. It was done in a minute. Every moveable was packed off as if it were dismissed from public life for evermore ; the floor was swept and watered, the lamps were trimmed, fuel was heaped upon the fire, and the ware- house was as snug, as warm, and dry, and as bright a ball-room as you would desire to see upon a winter's night. " In came a fiddler with a music book, and went up to the lofty desk, and made an orchestra of it, and tuned like fifty stomach aches. In came Mrs. Fezziwig, one vast substantial smile. In came the three Miss Fezziwigs, beaming and love- able. In came the six young followers whose hearts they broke. In came all the young men and women employed in the business. In came the housemaid, with her cousin the baker. In came the cook, with her brother's particular friend, the milkman. In came the boy from over the way, who was suspected of not hav- ing board enough from his master, trying to hide himself behind the girl from next door but one, who was proved to have had her ears pulled by her mistress. In they all came, one after another : some shyly, some boldly, some gracefully, some awkwardly, some pushing, some pulling — in they all came, anyhow and everyhow. Away they all went, twenty couples at once, hands half round and back again the other way ; down the middle and up again ; round and round in various stages of affectionate group- ing ; old top couple always turning up in the wrong place ; new top couple starting off again as soon as they got there ; all top couples at last, and not a bottom one to help them. When this result was brought about, old Fezziwig, clapping his hands to stop the dance, cried out, " Well done !' and the fiddler plunged his hot face into a pot of porter, especially provided for that purpose. But, scorning rest upon his reappearance, he instantly began again, though there were no dancers yet, as if the other fid- dler had been carried home exhausted on a shutter, and he were a bran new man resolved to beat him out of sight or perish. " There were more dances and there were forfeits, and more dances, and there was cake, and there was negus, and there was a great piece of roast, and there was a great piece of cold boiled, and there was mince pies, and plenty of beer. But the great effect of the evening came after the roast and boiled, when the fid- dler(an artful dog, mind. The sort of man who knew his business better than you or I could have told it him !) struck up ' Sir Roger de Covelry.' Then old Fezziwig stood out to dance with Mrs. Fezziwig. Top couple too ; with a good stiff piece of work cut out for them ; three or four and twenty pair of part- ners; people who were not to be trifled with : people who would dance, and had no notion of walking. " But if they had been twice aa many, ah, four times, old Fezziwig would have been a match for them, and so would Mrs. Fezziwig. As to her, she was worthy to be his partner in every sense of the term. If that's not high praise, tell me the higher, an I'll use it. A positive light , appeared to issue from Fezziwig's calves. They shone in every part of the dance like moons. You couldn't have predicted, at any gives time. what would become of 'em next. And when old Fezziwig and Mrs. Fezzi- wig had gone all through the dance; ad- vance and retire; held hands with your partner ; bow and curtsy ; corkscrew ; thread-the-needle, and back again to your place ; Fezziwig 'cut'— cut so deftly, that he appeared to wink with his legs, and came upon his feet again with- out a stagger. " And the result of all this was mere kindly feeling; and Mr. Scrooge began to talk rationally about the facility with which happiness might be recipro- cated ; and then he became uneasy, and wished he had an opportunity of saying a word or two to his clerk. And when the phantom showed him a picture of his selfish conduct in respect to an angelic creature whose love he had forfeited for love of gold, and Scrooge was tortured, for the kindly affections of nature were creeping back upon him, and he was fast beginning to divine the true uses of wealth. A picture of the do- mestic bliss of the fair one, contrasted against one of his own lonely and com- fortless condition, completes the mission of the phantom of the past, and puts the finishing stroke to the miser's sense of his own wretchedness. We now come to stave three, in which the second of the three spirits is intro- duced. Scrooge hears the clock strike as before, but no phantom appears, and, strange to say, he feels dissatisfied. A broad, ruddy light, from an adjoining apartment, leads him to suspect that he will there find the promised spirit. Nor is he disappointed. A voice calls his name, and he enters. Here he finds a jolly ghost, the ' Ghost of Christmas present,' surrounded by all the emblems of plenty, festivity, comfort, and good cheer. Scrooge looked on the benignant spirit with kindly satisfaction, and asked to be led forth, that the change working within him might be perfected. He touched the robe of the phantom, and they were forthwith walking amongst the snow-whitened streets, where everything gave indication of the festive season. " The poulterers' shops were still half open, and the fruiterers were radiant in their glory. There were great, round, pot-bellied baskets of chestnuts, shaped like the waistcoats of jolly old gentlemen, lolling at the doors, and tumbling out and into the street in their apoplectic opulence. There were ruddy, brown- faced, broad- girthed Spanish onions, shining in the fatness of their growth like Spanish friars ; and winking from their shelves in wanton slyness at the girls as they went by, and glanced de- murely at the hung-up mistletoe. There were pears and apples clustered high in blooming pyramids; there were bunches of grapes, made, in the shopkeepers' benevolence, to dangle from conspicuous hooks, that people's mouths might water gratis as they passed ; there were piles of filberts, massy and brown, recalling, in their fragrance, ancient walks among the woods, and pleasant shufflings ankle deep through withered leaves; there were Nor- folk biffins, squab and swarthy, setting off the yellow of the oranges and lemons, and, in the great compactness of their juicy persons, urgently entreating and be- seeching to be carried home in paper bags and eaten after dinner. The very gold and silver fish act forth among these choice fruits in a bowl, though members of a dull and stagnant-blooded race, ap- peared to know that there was something going on ; and, to a fish, went gasping round and round their little world in slow and passionless excitement. " The grocers ! oh, the grocers ! nearly closed, with, perhaps, two shutters down, or one ; but, through those gaps, such glimpses ! It was not alone that the scales descending on the counter made a merry sound, or that the twine and roller parted company so briskly, or that the canisters were rattled up and down like juggling tricks, or even that the blended scenes of tea and coffee were so grateful to the nose, or even that the raisins were so plentiful and rare, the almonds so ex- tremely white, the sticks of cinnamon so long and straight, the other spices so de- licious, candied fruits so caked and spot- ted with molten sugar as to make the coldest lookers-on feel faint and subse- quently bilious. Nor was it that the figs were moist and puply, or that the French plums blushed in modest tartness from their highly decorated boxes, or that everything was good to eat, and in its Christmas dress ; but the customers were all so hurried and so eager in the hopeful promise of the day, that they tumbled up against each other at the door, clashing their wicker baskets wildly, and left their purchases upon the counter, and came running back to fetch them, and com- bined hundreds of the like mistakes in the best humour possible ; while the grocer and his people were so frank and fresh that the polished hearts with which they fastened their aprons behind might have been their own, worn outside for general inspection, and for Christmas to peck at if they should choose." (To be continued.) 