A DREAM BY THE FIRE. - It is impossible, as every one knows, to sit by the fire in winter time without gazing at it very .earnestly ; and the more you gaze, the 'more you see in it — strange faces, and one of your lave, perhaps, like a very "red, red rose' — a flamingo, or a whole flock of them— Mount Yesuvius, with the neighbourhood- overrun by the molten lava— a distant view of the Potteries, or the Carron Iron Works, by night, with the furnaces at lull work ; there is no end of the glowing objects you may see between or above the bars, if you have the least spark of imagination to eke them out with. It is not a pleasure, however, without its price. In the eourse of time the eyes be come parched by the heat, the eyelids grow heavy, and in a moment or two you will inevitably go to sleep ; to avoid which I jumped up, though with some effort, and determined to look in at the Coal Holt — not the one in the cellar, but .the Strand. S till, from the name, the reader may run away with, or rather be run away with— the notion the Coal Hole goes the whole coal, at some shed or dingy wharf down those daik arches or narrow lanes in the neighbourhood of the Adelphi— that it is a depository for Wallsend, Russell's Main, and Adair's, Hetton, Pontop's, and black diamond. Whereas, if they take the right Rhodes, they will find a well-known house of entertainment in Fountain Court, celebrated for its good cheer and comic singing, to which a little deaf-and-dumb waiter— —call him page if you please — plays a mute accompaniment. Well I walked in, passing the bar on the right, to the large room, where some voice in three volumes was singing a glee, with as much good- will as if it had been earning three suppers. Gh, what a rich jolly tripple chorus it was singing of wine and Bacchus, and Yenus and myrtles — -while with every line some bright glorious image rose up in the mind-s eye — fauns skipping and nymphs dancing, grapes clustering, flowers springing, birds singing, and the sun shining from the clear blue sky with a fervour that made the blood bound through the heart, and run with a sensible thrill through every vein ! And when the song ceased, the genial feeling did not cease with it : for though there was no sun there, or blue sky, or clustering vines, there was abundance of radient lamps, and the fire glowed like a furnace, and the generous juice of the grape shone in amber and ruby through the crystal, and shed a light as from the painted windows of the Temple of Bacchus on the snowy table-cloths. A nd then those social little nooks round the room !:,. Mirth occupied one ; you could hear him laughing till his sides' shook and his voice quavered. Friendship-had taken: possession of the next one: and. was giving out hearty toasts and sentiments, followed by hip, flip, hips ! and ." loud hurrahs ! Harmony sat in the third : he had joined in the trio, a capital fourth-— and in the other boxes sat dozens of Sociables, and United Brothers, and Odd Fellows, enjoying them selves to their hearts' content, over the good things, solid and liquid, of this wofld. What comfortable steams rose over the tops of the partitions ; what savoury odours streamed around ; what a cheerful clatter of knives and forks - and plates ; what a merry jingle of bottles and glasses, as they kissed each other in their hospitable jour neys — like gossips laden with drink ; what a tinkling, as if of little bells, between the glass and the busy spoon ! What fumes of gin, rum, and brandy, mingling in the air and making a sort of aromatic punch for the benefit of the nose ! And what rattling peals of laughter, that seemed to come from some fat fellow with two hearts— one mocking the other I And all the while the deaf-and-dumb page, inspired by the spirit of the place, grew more and more intelli gent, till he seemed to hear with every feature, but his ears to speak with eveiy feature but his mouth. And better than all, in a corner box there was my very crony, my bosom friend, the friend of my soul, my other self, old Mann— or Old Humanity, as we used to call him — -sipping from a huge goblet to which be invited everybody who only looked at him ; for he had a large heart and a liberal hand, loved everybody in the world but himself, and deserved to be as largely loved in return. Yes— there he was, smiling and looking, like a father to every one in the room. It was impossible not to drink with him when he asked you, which he was as sure to do, if you were within hearing, as that Burton ale is not Burton's Melancholy. So to it we went, glass for glass, hob and nob, here's to thee, and fill again — and the wife and children, down to baby in arms, were pledged in humming ale. At least that was his liquor, as it was Adam's, though of a weaker sort - for before A. B. was invented, double X would have been an anachronism. However, strong ale was his drink, and of all songs he best loved that old one, which sings of "jollie good ale and olde." But every man else might call for what he liked and welcome — even the stranger when he had never seen before was a brother by descent to old Mann, and treated accordingly. So to it, 1 say, we went— with a will, as the sailors say — like the jovial topers in Rabelais, taking great draughts of the stingo, and slices of the brawn, and huge trusses of the green salad, in which two or three lobsters had lost, themselves, like tars in the country parts.; and meanwhile, the singing began again, first only one voice, then two, then three, then a fourth chimed in,, and then more and more till the room rang again with the lusty chorus ! Oh 'twas a glorious place that Coal Hole! — -warm, bright, joyous with song and laughter — you quite forgot there was such a thing as care, dull care, in the world ! Well, we drank on, old Mann and I, till my head became so heavy with the ale that had. mounted into.it, that I could not hold it up, but do what I would, it must needs? drop first on my bosom, and then lower and lower till it bobbed on the table ; and lo, when it bobbed up again 1 was all in the dark, pitch dark Every lamp had gone . out ; and as to the fire, it had died of apoplexy, or something as sudden, for there was not a spark left of it. I never felt so cold and dreary in my life, for with the light and the warmth, the voices had died away too, Instead of the jovial chorus, the joyous jest, the many tongues all clattering together, and the multitudi nous laughing, on jolly cock crowing to another, like the chanticleers of the village . . . . all mute — not a tongue wagged — silent as death J I. stretched out my hand for my ale .; it was gone, table and all. I felt for old Mann, and he was gone too ; or turned into something cold, damp and hard, like a wall. As soon as I could fetch my breath and voice, I called him: "Mann! Mann! Mann ! Where are you ?" "Here I am," answered the voice of Mann, as from somewhere under the floor. "What, are we down stairs?" " I believe we are," grumbled the voice. . " What, down in the cellar ? . "Yes." " Good God ! How did we come there ?" said I. " We had not such a great deal of ale ! Why we were up in the great room, with a biasing fire, and the lamps, and Hudson or somebody was singing a comic song. For the Lord's sake, Mann, let's get up again. Where are you— what are you doing?" "Here — getting coal !" "Getting coal!"— (how drunk he must have been !) — And again I called to him by name— " Mann ! Mann!" "Here." "Where?" . "Here."- ' \? ;?.;:?!/?: 1 .,.! Following the: sound, I struck my head against a beam or a wall, witlx a crash that almost stunned me. I was in a low passage, so low that I yras obliged to bend almost double. But there was a glimmer of light before me, and I crept towards' it, till at last I saw a man, lying on his back in a sort of black cupboard, or gigantic coffin, at the top of which he was picking with a pickaxe, as if he had been buried alive, and was trying to break out. -He was almost naked, and had his head bound up with a dirty clotb. " Gracious Heaven ! Mann how came you there?— how came we here ? I thought we were in the Coal Hole !" " And so we are," said Mann,, without turning his head or stopping for % moment in his labour. Pick, pick, pick — as if his return to the world depended on it. And I longed for a pickaxe, too, the black earth seemed to be closing upon me so oppres sively. What a mystery it was ! As if I aiuLMann had actually passed, by death, from the upper world, its. light, its warmth, and human society, to the dark chambers of the grave ! And was it really so ? — had we bidden adieu for ever to the sun, for ever and ever to the blue skies and the green earth, and the sweet elastic air on -which we -used .to live ? Weire we really sundered from all dear social ties, till- the gg a m, earth crumbled away, and the heavens rolled up like a parchment before the Href It wanted not demons to' convert it to a place of torment-— the horrors of retrospec tion were sufficient to make that gloomy vault, or whatever it was, the abode of exquisite anguisfl. Oh, how vividly re turned upon me the blessed warmth and light, the communion with my kind, from , whiclx I was suddenly and unaccountably ' cut off! Perhaps— so whispered a! re morseful, misgiving thought— I had enjoyed, these too much, too selfishly, too heedlessly, without asking or caring what portion;: others of my fellow men had in the boun?- . ties of Providence. Perchance, for , thai sin, I had been condemned to an immortal solitary confinement, in the bowels of the/ earth ; for I was solitary— Mann was too? much occupied with his tool, pick, pick, pick, to be a companion. And something; told me, that there he might work for thousand years without obtaining a glimpe . of the blue sky Mann, who on earth had - so enjoyed the fellowship of man! and for: very loneliness I could not help calling to. him, occasionally, only for the sound of his voice, but he was too much absorbed in dreary task to attend to me ; sometimes he br'ely answered met sometimes hot. Pick, pick, pick : he was so abstracted from me, _ by his labour, it was as if he had not been; there. Qh, but for one/human being that ., would spk if spoken to— that wouM look at me, -feel with me; and as I prayed, a faint light approached, from some un fathomable distance, nearer and nearer, .till - a woman, or the ghost of a woman, stoop- . ing, partly because of the low channel, -and . partly it seemed, from some heavy burden! on her back, came crawling, past me. Another victim of Divine wrath,' doomed to dreadful penance in the chambers of the earth. Oh, how squalid she was— how worn by woe — how haggard, how gaunt, how utterly withered from all that is. womanly into all that is witch-like ! And yet, even in that wasted form, and those, wretched features, I recognised one I" had' known above— she was the wife of Mann ! "Elinor!" But she made no answer, save a mourn ful shake of the head, and crept slowly on ; she had not breath or heart to speak#? Methought, now perhaps Mann will' turn towards her, and pause in his work ; but pick, pick, pick, pick, he let his wife, bis miserable wife, pass on without a word or a glance. There was no time there, then, even for love ! My soul sank within me.? What an eternity was before me; dead even in hope ! Nay not yet, for two more forms approached, strangely harnessed, and. painfully- dragging behind them some? ponderous load, that made them stop to' pant for breath — if it could be called, breath, that was inhaled in that awful sub terranean prison. As they stopped 1 knew tliem, a girl and boy— but oh, how sadly disfigured ! In years and size so young, in face, so carefully old, like pain-ridden dwarfs ! They were Mann's children ! But the father looked not at his children ; the children glanced not at their father ; there was no time for love, conjugal, paternal, or filial, in that terrible place ! ' The ways of Providence are inscrutable! It is not for us to pry into the secrets of -Heaven ; and yet I could not help asking in my soul, by what awful guilt Maiin, his wife, and his poor children, could have incurred so stupendous a punishment, such an appalling infliction the Divine wrath ? Above ground, on the living earth, they had seemed amongst the better examples of human nature ; generous, charitable, in word and deed, honest, industrious, ten derly affectionate to each other. I had! known them under various phases, in sickness, in poverty, and oppressed and yet flow unrepining they were, how patient, how forbearing ! Above all, in their days of want, how munificent, bstowing the half of their little on those who had less ! As I thought of it, a crushing sense of my oWn unworthiness, compared with their worthy completely overwhelmed me. There was no juggling there, no self-deceit in that pitch- black prison, the Condemned Cell of the Soul ! Weighed, even in my own balance, against poor Mann, conscience declared me deficient — -that I ought rather to have been condemned to pick, pick, pick; picking at that sable roof, to gain a glimpse,' if I could, of the blessed face of Nature ! " Mann," I cried, "Mann!" "Well." " Let me work for you a bit. You must be cramped in that narrow cell— and worn out with labour." " Yes— my back's a'mcst broke— and my neck aches as if it had been twisted." " Give me the pick." He put the tool into my hand-l|cnf. heavy it was ! And I crept into the. black niche ; but it was so like getting into the narrow home, that I lay paralysed with cold and dread, unable to lift my arm. In the mean time a faint light appeared as before, but from the opposite direction r it might be that Mann's wife and children were on their return— but no! a secret whisper told me that they were my own partner and bur little ones, and I involun tarily closed my eyes against a spectacle, painted beforehand, on the blank black air. i dared not look at my wife or children — it wa,s agony, unutterable agony only to think of them in those depths of desolation. But I was no t to be spared that infliction Through my eyelids, supernaturally trans parent, I beheld a sight that filled my soul with bitterness. Oh, those dear faces, so prematurely old, hunger-pinched, and puckered with cares— precociously in formed of the woes of the world- — children, without childhood. And oh ! that sad, forlorn matron's face, once the sunniest on. eart ; now, with hair so gray, eyes so dull, lips so thin— misery, misery? The sight was unbearable, and I shrieked out, " I am, I am in " But before I could pronounce the un mentionable word, my eyes suddenly opened, and I saw before me my winter fire, with that great black- block of the mineral fuel on the top, which, by its intense contrast with the glowing mass beneath, had led me into such a dream of the Dark and Bright of the world, and that transition from the Coal Hole to the Coal Mine. — Hood's Magazine. . , . . Edited and Priuted by MR. PATRICK GRANT, at the' .. . . Priming Olfice, 17, Brido-street; -. Publishing Office— MR. MOKKts, Stationer?60J, loirer George "street. ' ' f 