SUBOn.NATI'iN OK EVIDENCE. We nimlc some obsprvatinns in one of our recent ir.itnlicrstipon thefright fttl exlciit lo which llie crime of per jury appear!! to hair nllained in ibis colony, owinf, no tloulit, in a great measure In ihe extreme vagueness of ilie law. whereby this alarming sytnp- j tun of mornl depravity ought lo f-c ' entirely sulijtigateil, or at all events '? rcstrnined from ad'ordins any such palpiiLle denionstnitions of ilK exist ence as Fome which we have lately nilnefscd. In rclorrin0; more fully lo Ilie siil'jecl, we (Jo not wish (o tie understood as imputing the prevalence of this vice solely lo the circumstance of this heing a penal colony ; no, for we are persuaded that the evil op; rates in an alarming degree, even . in the mother country itself. Here, : however, it appears lo assume a more tangible chape, on account of the su perior facility which we possess of ob serving ils indications, dusiness or curiosity occasionally inducing most nf us lo hecome lie witnesses of judi cial proceedings. Now lite oflcnen of '' v.jllul snd corrupt' perjury is in ottr rslimalion of so licnious and diabolical u character, and strikes so immediately at llie root of nil social security as lo leave ti- nlterly at a loss in what language fo express ihe abhorrence we entertain , i.otd of tlio crime itself and also of thoSb rrho would knowingly incur the guilt of its commission. We all know in liotv many instances the law, in order lo decide in his favor, requires nothing further of a man than his assertion upon oath, and we are also well aware of the extreme caution il displays in entertaining an accusation of perjury against liiu) ; this to a particular ex lent may, perhaps, bo well enough, but like all other principles of human nciion ought nol to ho pushed beyond n certain boundary; like inost other offences against the well being of so ciety, it ought to be clearly defined and once convicted of if, any indivi dual is, in our opinion, highly deserv ing of ihe law's severest visitation! nor can any punishment, short of death itself, be considered as exces sive when applied lo the case of those who wilfully and designedly infract the laws of God and man. We care not a rush what arguments may be ad duccd in deprecation of tbe assump tion, our opinion (and from it we shall never swerve.) is, that a man ODce convicted of perjury, ought for ever to be incapacitated from taking an oath in imy court of justice. This we may be told would amount to a sentence of outlawry against him ; true, and wherefore thrtild it not ? has he not voluntary deprived himself of the right lo be believed, and has he nol exhibited the moral turpitude of his disposition in tbe most revolting — the most indisputable point of view ? Unquestionably he ban, and upon that account, society onght for ever afterwards to consider him as an alien from its bosom — at one whom it wonld be alike criminal to kit) and mon strous to forgive. We may, perhaps, in thin place, be reminded of the ne cessity of forgivenesi at enjoiucd by our religion, hut, if so, we answer thul even Christ himself declared that there was one sin which should never be purdoned ' neither in thin world nor yet in the world to come' — viz., the sin against the Holy Ghost. Mn oh polemical discussion upon this subject has, we know, been carried on throughout the whole chrislain world, nor do we believe that the qtifistion concerning tlie peculiar na turo of the deadly sin alluded to in those memorable words, has ever been satisfactorily settled. Under these circumstances we consider our selves at full liberty lo surmise and conjecture upon a subject (if such supposed difficulty, and had not tile Kedeenter himself most expressly commanded us ' (o swear not at all.' wo bhould certainly be inclined to ihe belief that he referred to the sin of perjury, when speaking of that against the ' Holy Ghost,' for how can we imagine a greater possible affront offered to Heaven's Majesty than that of naming him as the wilness and voucher of a lie. Al though our view of the subject may, by some persons, bn considered as harsh anil severe, it is, nevertheless, one to which we shall always consis tently adhere, for we cannot — we will not consent to Ihe expediency of affording lo the convicted perjurer a second opportunity of perpetrating his offence ; if sincere penitence be in his case, followed by reformation, so much the better fur himself, but ought society to place the innocent in jeopardy in order to test the reformation of the guilty? Assuredly not, and there lore we repeat il, that no man con victed of the offence ought upon any account a second time to be trusted. It would he a painful, if not an im possible Insk, even lo conjecture the awful number of sacrifices which, since tbe foundation of the colony, has from lime to lime been offered up at the altar of this infernal Moloch, or the vast amount of suffering which it has enabled the guilty to inflict upon an unoffending fellow mortal ; the oallis of wretches twice and thrice convicted of forswearing themselves, have been listened to, and their as sertions taken as gospel truths against those whom it was the wish of tyrants 10 destroy: nc certainly live m better limes, but, alas ! a ' leaven' has lit- en left behind u-Iiicli, if not speedily removed, threatens lo infect ami utiale the otherwise wholesome mass. Upwards and premiums are covertly offered — nay, openly pro claimed for those who convict their fellows (by what means we must leave to conjecture) of any infraction of the law tending (o a pecuniary fine — a host of hungry half paid con stables are encouragpd (o keep a 'sharp look out' upon ihe public by the expectation of immediate reward, and the example thus set be fore the prisoner population cannot fail nf exercising .i demoralizing in fluence. Wo fear that the whole po lice system :s a cont/nunncc and ex- J tension of llie same principle, and that the. say inn; of AI r. Alfred Slephen, when Attorney-General, will shortly j be verified to the If Her — namely, thai for ' half-a-crnwn a-bead, any num ber of witnesses may be obtained ready and willing to swear anything. ' The prospect is truly frightful, and requires immcdiateconsider.il ion. The idea of condemning a man up«n ihe testimony of a wrplch already con victed of this blasphemous offence, is horrible in the extreme; more espe cially when we nnrselics hold out encouragement (in the shape of some peculiar indulgence) by which the said «tf:iin(cd perjurer may be tempted lo a repelili'in (if his crime I lie who taught us to pray, taught us lo depre cate the being ' led inlo temptation' in a contention with which, when suf ficiently attractive, He knew that hu man nature seldom comes oft' trium phant. Let us nol, therefore, become accessory tn the guilt incurred by t'tose who commit perjury in the hope -jf reward, whether pecuniary or other wise, L'lt let us discountenance it. Two or thfe vigorous prosecutions for this oflt-,.'-cP, moro especially if followed by co-:vic-ions, would, we are persuaded, po la.' lowards lessen ing tlie evil, and the establishment of a widely different no'.icc svsieni 'night become the mewns of abolishing oil tbe effects arising from evil example. 