THE BISHOP OF TASMANIA'S LECTURE. The Right Reverend Father in God delivered a lecture, in continuation of the series upon the errors of the Roman Catholic Church, on Sunday evening, on the text Matthew, chap. IG, verses 18 and 19: "And I say unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." His lordship commenced his lecture by adverting to the protest against the style of the Roman Catholic Bishop, as Bishop of Hobart Town, which had been taken in the former part of the day, in reference to which he said that it was unnecessary that he should vindicate his motives. " He conceived the assumptions of the Bishop of Rome dangerous, and as such he had protested against them. Of the particular assumption in question the foundation day in the general assumption of supremacy on the part of the Pope, which was the foundation of all the controversies between the Churches of Rome and England. The discourse was on the subject of the Pope's supremacy, in the treatment of which the Lord Bishop dwelt on three points : 1st, whether there was any supremacy on the part of Peter over the other Apostles of our Lord, and whether this was official or personal ; 2nd, whether it was designed to be permanent; and. 3rd. whether it had been enjoyed from the earliest times by the Bishop of Rome. His lordship said that disservice to Protestantism had been done by the over- zeal of some Protestants who had denied that any pre-eminence had been enjoyed by St. Peter. That disciple did receive several marks from our Saviour of pre- eminent favour, which his lordship cited Scripture to show and the fact was admitted by the early church and the early fathers. But they all regarded this distinction as personal, not officiate in proof of which the fathers were adverted to who disagree as to the ground of the distinction, some alleging the age of St. Peter, others his manful confession of faith, others his being the first eil ledges the ground of it. The question, however, was, Did he enjoy any official distinction? Scripture negatived such an opinion. There were many important occasions in the history and discourses of our Saviour in which he might have signally expressed the pre-eminence of St. Peter, hut in which the equality of the disciples was left unquestioned. That in St. John, in which Christ deputed his Apostles to their work where he addresses them as equal again, on the last occasion of his giving them their missionary commission " Go ye into all the world," &c.;, where there was no exclusive promise of support to St. Peter where he was not placed at the head of, but at the side of the rest-and so again where the Comforter was promised. The passages referred to his lordship said, might appear to bear little on the question, but really they did bear much upon it. There were others, when for instance our Saviour breathed on his disciple, and said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins ye remit," &c.; : there was nothing personally distinguish- ing St. Peter. The most memorable passage connected with this controversy was that of the text, on which his lordship said that he thought, while Protestants were too anxious to explain it away, Catholics built too much upon it. Among the fathers, some maintained that the rock on which Christ promised to build his Church was Peter ; others, his confession of faith ; a third party. Christ himself; and a fourth, some other opinion. The best judged interpretation, in his lordship's view, was that of Bishop Horsley, according to which (if we understood right) Peter's confession it was which obtained the Saviour's blessing-a blessing, however, which applied to Peter himself, that on him, that is, on the works of which he should be the instrument, Christ's Church should be built-a promise fulfilled in his being the instrument employed in gathering in the Gentiles, as well as in establishing the Church among the Jews a promise, the fulfilment of which commenced at the Day of Pentecost when Peter preached the first christian sermon, by which three thousand converts were made. As the Church of Christ was founded by Peter among Jews and Gentiles, so to Peter personally and individually were given the keys of the kingdom of heaven. Then, with regard to his binding and loosing, he dissolved the Mosaic law when the kingdom was opened to all believers. The opinion of St. Peter's superiority was not that of the early Church, as many of the fathers proudly appealed to by the Church of Rome Chrysostom, for instance, whom his lordship quoted-might show. His lordship dwelt in many other passages of Scripture which were quoted to show the official equality of Peter-Paul's declaration offers equality with the chief est of the Apostles-his rebuke of Peter-St. John presiding at a meeting of the Apostles-Peter's being sent by the Apostles to Jerusalem, a fact at variance with the idea of the relative situations of Cardinals and Pope, at variance also with that Scripture which declares the superiority of him that sends to him that Is sent. His lordship contrasted St. Peter's counsel to obey Kings with the language of the Popes on the same point when the sovereigns were obnoxious to them-as instance Pope Pius the Vih's bull against Elizabeth, which the Bishop quoted. His lordship adverted also to the want of proof of succession to St. Peter, even supposing his pre-eminence in the sense disputed to be admitted. Where was it said that others should inherit his position? When find they earned it as Peter did The superiority of the Bishop of Rome had been denied by a Bishop of Rome himself in the 6th century, when there was a dispute on the point with the rising See of Constantinople. His lordship quoted the words of Pelagius a true man of God-on that occasion, who asserted that none of his predecessors had ever assumed the impious title of father, and declared that he who desired to be called patriarch, was the precursor of Anti-Christ. Other passages in the history of the Church to the like effect were also quoted. His lordship concluded by again insisting that he was bound by oath to speak and act as he had done, and by counselling his hearers to resist error, but not to abuse their liberty in that respect by making it a cloak of mali- ciousness; but at all times to bear in mind the oblige gation to exercise a charity extending beyond their own communion, without the exercise of which their religion would be but "but as a tinkling cymbal." 