A NEW DEMOCRATIC MOVEMENT. I [Fito» 1 HE lONDCf» TIMB«.J A movement, which ealls itself " The National j Union or confederation of all classes to hold the Ministers of the Crown responsible for the wtlfare of the people," has commenced at Birmingham, under the superintendence of Mr Atwood. The i title which the association has assumed, is not, we ' should say, a happy one, or particularly adapted lo recommend the .movement to the public mind It may be -unfair to judge a new scheme by the heading it puts at its. top, but this does at the same time tell in a degree as an indication of its general tone aud character. It may state a political prin- ciple too broadly, nakedly, precipitately. There is such a fault as starting too big .; though we may not quite condemn, we suspect when this is done. That Ministers of. the Crown are legally, re sponsible for the welfare of the people, « a principle that requires a little modification to be made to ' harmonise with modern notions, We do net suppose Tor ah instant that the Bir mîngham'Watîàuai TJmoB means io assert, that on thé taH df any grearpublic"^ lor the time being is to %e seized, arraigned, and tried before a Jury itt Westminster Hall,, They do not naefiu to say that n Minister is to be be- headed, irnpris?ued 1« iitt^ «ar temkled «f hk* pro perty, in proportion to the condition of 4he labor i market, and the quantity of the bankruptcies. This would be to Carthaginian a proceeding, we hope, to please them ; and yet they state this principle \ broadly and without íimit. We know the Chinese Government deprive the Imperial Physician of his salary at every illness of his distinguished charge. But we hardly think public men in England could be induced to take office under such hard conditions as these. We hardly think such a system would an- swer now. We wonder that amid the depth of specu- lation which has been applied to the subject, the Bir nrngham politicians have not found that political economy is a difficult and perplexing department of , science ; that very talented and very honest men ! may differ in applying it ; and that, therefore, j when it is to be proved that such and such bad ef- j fects have followed from such and such a line of political economy having been pursued by an ad- ministration, the difficulty of conviction will be immense and insuperable. We wonder that they have not considered that the train of causes which lead to any particular period of distress, may be long latent, and deeply seated in the history of a country, and that to consider the Ministry pro tempore responsible for the whole of it, is a sum- mary mode of applying justice; and that, for a perfect execution of the maxim, we should have to summon not only all existing statesmen,er and in, before the national bar, but also the ghosts of de- parted ones, through the periods of a Lord Liver- pool, a Pitt, and a Walpole, of a Clarendon, and a Weston, up to the statesmen ecclesiastics of the middle ages, and the sages of the Wiltenagamot. With respect to the particular line of political eco- nomy which the new movement takes up, it is of course unntcessary to state what it is under tbe di- rection of Mr Attwood. Mr Attwood's fixed and immutable notions on the subject of the currency are known pretty generally. We will do him, however, the justice to say that his letter on the present occasion is as moderate, temperate, and quiet as his strong views on the subject can allow, lie seems almost content to sink all questions in the monetary one-to be neither Whig nor Tory, Republican nor Aristocrat, or any thing else, but an advocate of the small paper currency simply. We give him all credit for the honesty and sincerity of his motives ; we believe him to be a public spirited and patriotic person; and we are only sorry to see thal his talents, energies, aud feelings are absorbed in a project in which the general sense and established monetary principles of the day must carry it against him. Mr Attwood must indeed be very sanguine to be gaining new hope and confi- dence for his cause, on the very extraordinary grounds on which he does. Much as we are con- vinced of the ramification of causes, and fertility of connections in the political department, we must confess we were not prepared to consider the pre- sent Repeal movement in Ireland cither as the consequence, more or less, of the recent Corn-law Bill and tariff; or, again, as the germ and seed of any extensive alterations ia the currency. Mr. Attwood, however, seems to see both. He collects encouragement from the most out-of-the-way and apparently irrelevant signs that the political atmos- phere exhibits; and in the mixture of the O'Connell agitation in ireland, and the Rebecca one in Wales -in the confused and noisy medley of monster meetings and crashing toll-bars-sees the chaos from which thecne-pound creation will before long emerge to light If we undersfand what his school's views of the evils of the present system of currency is, they seem reducible to the partial grievances felt by many, especially among the landed proprietors, who have to pay annuities and interest on mortgages in more money, i.e., money more valuable in conse- quence of the change of currency, than what those burdens amounted to originally ; and, se- condly, the general public one by which the nation at large suffers the same at the hands of the fund- holders. How the former could affect the nation at large we cannot conceive, however it may have borne upon individuals. Thelatter is reducible, as a grievance, to a certain increase in the amount of national taxation. We are not admitting this, of course ; but we me now taking their own ground, and trying to understand it as clearly as we can, and we only see the result of their reasoning to be an additional amount of taxation. But we fancy this would very inadequately express the disadvan- tages they profess to find in the existing system. This is mere dust in the balance compared with the vast, subtile, poisonous, and deadening conse- quences which they attribute to the present cur- rency system, as affecting the whole trading, and commercial, and agricultural state of the country -with those deep, wide roots of all visible and sensible evil under the sun, which they see in it. Explain yourselves then, we say, a little better than you do. Prove your tangible evils, and show their plain, ascertainable rise, step by step, from the ex- isting monetary system. People who attack a pre- sent established course of things have a great oims probandi upon them ; it is right they should have. They cannot expect statesmen to listen to them unless ihey make ont their case with very great and matter-of-fact clearness and accuracy-unless they come out with more than the ordinary respect- able average show of clever-viewing paper argu- ment. The bad state of the trade of this country for some time past, and the misery and distress of the operative classes, is of course undeniable, and is a sad consideration. But we are afraid we must say we consider the causes of it, so far as thev can be traced, are as much of the morai as of purely technical and scientific kind. We fear a good deal of the secret of ii lies in the fact that the poor and laboring classes do and always will suffer, and be the losing parties in the struggle with their supe- riors for the division of the spoil ; and we cordially agree with Mr Attwood in the following sentiment, and wish he had stuck to il simply, instead of go- ing into his currency scheme. By "productive in- dustry" we presume he means, in unscientific hm £"agç, the poorer classes : "lu my humble opinion, founded upon long reflection, aud the experience of history, ail Go- vernments, of whatever kind, or however com- posed, whether republican, despotic, or limited, have a tendency to use the power of accumulated wealth in oppressing and defrauding productive industry. From this great principle proceeds the decline and fall of nations." We do not see that this burden is taken up by the political economists of Mr Attwood's school. They abound in large assertions, and lay down grand general principles, and abstract commercial law«. ^Meantime a certain monetary «ystem is and has been in existence for a length df years-has acquired a seat and root in ojur ,ra.d.«?-baa bVeu liie.one on which dalinga have gojtfi 07,money been leut anil jborrowed,.fcrrtuneB amassed., the deepest ¿utereat* «embarked, and commercial . connexions formed. lt> . was SM' «j» only whtfu ita rôal tho one pound note plan had produced the most enormous laxity and uncertainty, aud introduced a whole mass of false capital into our trade. The idea of a change to such a state of things again, to be ! accomplished by uprooting the existing system, seems to us to be indescribably perilous, not onlv as a change and convulsion, but as being jin Ute direct teeth of all the miserable ex perience by which the rival was tried and con- demned. 