THE MORMONITES, OR LATTER-DAY SAINTS.— On Monday last, the 11th Instant an inquest was held before Mr. T, Badger, coroner, and a highly respectable jury, at the Green Gate, at Handsworth Woodhouse, near Rotherham, on view of the body of Robert Turner, of Sheffield, aged 35, by trade a spring knife cutler, whose body had been dis covered on Sunday se'night in the Rother. It appeared from the evidence of William Bellamy, Matthew Gregory, Simon Gee, and others, that Turner had embraced the religion of the 'Mormon es, or Latter-day Saints,and after preaching at Handsworth Woodhouse, on Sunday, the 19th of November, he gave out that if any person felt thoroughly convinced of the truth of the religious principles' which' he professed and preached, and would attend early on the following morning, he would baptise them in the River Rother. Ac- cordingly, very early on the following morning, several persons met Turner, their preacher, in a meadow called Fairy "Meadow," adjoining the praying andasiuging,- and belong addressed' by one of their preachers frodn Sheffield, as' to thiatbsolute necessity of" their being born of water aid' of the ,Spirit, or; else they could not e'nter the kingdom of Heaven, several of their disciples at' once' proceeded to strip off all their clothes,, and Tiurer plunged iilto the river, which was deep, and' considerably aswollen by the late rains, followed by one William Bellamy, a collier, whom' he baptised in the name of the Father, Son, andd Holy Ghost?. e gotouP safe `and then one Maithew Gregorywent in, and, the priest, after plunging hiins over head, to use the man's own words, and nearly ? sl?kening" him, he, with great dificulty, half drowned, much starved,: and frightened, scrambled out of the river, and saved his life; but Turner,' on leaving hold of. Gregory, unfortunately slip'peld forward into tbe deep water, andr-.the lcurrent runnnlg 'trong, li was carried away into the middle of the river, and soon sank to rise no more. Exertions were made to save the man, Without effect.., Daily efforts had been made to find the body, and on Sunday afternoon last it was discovered standing upright in the river, with the head partly out of the water, and-about twenty. five yards only from the place where he. was drowned. The coroner and 'jury,: after making strict enquiry' into all the circumstances of the. case, but strongly condemning. the rash and in. considerate conduct of the parties in plunging into the river, where it was both deep and dangerous, and sttongly recommending the sorviiors not again to run such risks, returned a verdict of " Accidental death." A VasIx To usa Presatans.-A journe;to the Pyramids 'is particularly good fun, apart from the antiquarian enthusiasm which a man ioaren. sibly' "gets up" on these occasions. The side thither occuipies two hbors and a lia!f, and' should you fortunately be in Egypt while the cora is growing, the cetne ofyour journey is particularly; cheerful. Every inch of the ground to within two or three hundred yards of the base of the Pyramids of Cheops is cultivated. . The perfume of the crisp, fresh air is delicious ; the lark rises from beneath your feet ; the grashopper disports acrass your path. The first view of the Great Pyramid is rather disap. pointing. It does not augment in siszeas distance diminishes, nor can one form any correct notion of its stupendous bulk by comparison with any other neighbouring object. "upreared by human hands." Its neighbours, Cephrenes, Philista, and Mycerinaes approach it too nearly in magnitide, and bear too close a family resemblance for purposes of.contrast: It is advisable, if you are bent on mounting to the summit, to disencumber yourself of all but your shirt and a pair of loose trowsers, for the journey upwards must be taken rapidly, and cannot easily be accomplished with warm or tight clothing. A couple of Arabs leap on to the stones immediately above you, and offer you each a hand, while a third follows to give you an impetus from behind, and catch you in case of a slip. Up you go, panting and toiling, as, you mount step after step (each three feet in height), and stopping every four or five mi. nuotes to take breath and receive the cheering con. gratulations of your rude guides, fr Good-good -Ingoles berry good I?and then, in an under tone, and with an impudent grin and extended hand "BaksheelshI" Arrived at the top, and relieved from your fatigue --for it does try the sinews and die. arrange .the..bellows-you sit to contemplate the prospect. Now you begin to be sensible of the altitude of the pyramid. From the apex of noinsig. ni8cant building could you' behold so much ofL the works of nature and the efforts of man. Before you lies Grand' Cairo, with its cupolas 'fortiflcat!on, minarets, and cypresses-beneath you, and to the very walls' of the town, is spread a carpet of softest greenD by the silvery Nile. To thbi extreme right, and to the.left, and for the whdli space before you, is tie vast and apparent illimita. ble world of sand wheioe' nyriad of mititite' chre. tale glitter and sparkle in the' sui relieving the ydead and dreaid i?ior?olroy iof the booundless ex. panse. You insensibly fall into a reverie while the scenes of the mighty, past. flit nefore you like so many. dissolving views. .The ,history of' the twelve kings, the discovery of Moses in the bulb rrushes, the adventures of Joseph and his brethere, the loves of Antony and Cleopatra,-the more modern events,.io wbhich Napoleop aod bhe French army, Mahomet All and -the'.Mameluhes, have iguared, successively occupy your' musings. In a moment the vision is. dissipaed,*yon r ghides are at your elbow, and while one' whhipers the eternal " bak shsesk,'t with a leer, another: dsaws 'froni his bosom a rude porcelain imitaioesof tsimummyr,'and hints Antigesn I autigu it you buy I ,?Bdou? n bersy good."'-Tra~el onf Monsfeur Violes, ... 