A GHOST STORY OF CHRISTMAS. [BY Boz.3 CHRISTMAS COHIPS but once a year, and right merrily he c mes usually; but there be cold, pelt-loving people, with mnched-up souls, who slmi the doors in his face and bid him away for a» extravagant rascal, while they would fain prevent him from distributing his savoury flesh pot-, and his "cakes and aie," and his mer riment* through the land. Let such read "-The Ghost Story," aud they «'»ll, perhaps, become wiser, and discover that the true happiness of this world arises from dispensing it as widely as possible; thal the highest pleasure consists in pleasing ; that, in truth, there is neither hap piness or pleasure, fun or merriment, without leciptocily. Bul what will the kind, and the pom!, and the generous say to the book ? Why, (li« y will love all around them the more deeply, I a II uh the mote lightly, give the more generously, aiirl, as we have done to our readers, ciy out, *. A merry, merry Christmas!" the more fer vidly and heartily . Oh! these are brave spirits that Hoz has called up from the vasty deep, and we hope that, even now, they are walking abroad amongst mankind, working their will and (heir g-u> i i ur¡ oses; miraculously transmuting blocks of ma; Me into panting, tender, deep- throbbing, heart-shaped masses of muscular fibre, from which the purest ol' blood dances rich and warm through thousands of ramifications, giving a ruddy glow to parchment checks, a brighter pai i-estuess to < yes heretofore cold as pebble slet es, and a tingling sensation of delight to bosoms which have hitherto fostered no lore or *\ input hy save foi the first numeral, no charity save th at. which mopes in a. musty lodgment dignified by the title ot home. Excellent Boz ! ivv would fain have thy spirits wander for ever, making new com etti, and spteadiug gladness amongst the dwellings of men. Once more, a men y Christmas ! and come, we are in a generous linmotu : draw the curtains : close toonil (lie bricht (ire : pass the wine, the toddy, if the reader pleas»', or, if he belongs to the iviîij:eiaiice order (ibis is libel ty hall), he may nsu the water hollie. We are going to dish up jibe " Ghost Story " for the entertainment of our -friends. Read and relish. In the tirât stave of the carol we are told 4hat " Marley was tlead ; " and we learn, sub sequently, that of this fact there vs as no doubt. lt is evident that he was very dead-*. dead as . a door nail.'* Scrooge, the hero of the tale, a cold-hearted miser, once the partner of Marley, now;lhe inheritor of his business and property, ? kuri that Marley was dead ; but, though Marley had undoubtedly beien buried, Scrooge retained hts name above the warehouse door, and ¡ill persons were admonished of Scrooge em; Ma*ley. Cold, stingy, and unfeeling, but above all and every thing, so bitterly frigid, that it is related of him, that " the heaviest rain and snow, and hail, and sleet,could boast an advan tage over him in only one respect : they often came down handsomely, and Scroope never did." One cold, bitter, biting, foggy Christmas-eve we have Scrooge pictured in his miserable counting house, near his o wu miserable fire,; keeping hts eye on the poor clerk, who was seated in a ceil beyond, wi til a tite so small that it ** lo«,ked like one coal,"and,as Scrooge would j not allow it to be replenished, the clerk put on a white comforter and tried to warm himself At the candle, in which effort, not being a man of strong imagination, he failed." The discom fort of the seene is for a moment put to flight by a poor, b¡it chem fol nephew, who had mat ried young and failed to make his way in the vr-'-rid, but who enters joyously, exclaiming ** A merry Christmas, unce! God «ave you ! " \- ». * ; . " Humbug ! " says the uncle ; and as humbug be treats all bis nephew's speeches relative to the season, hts warm invitation to dinner, and his still warmer gushes of affection. The nephew retired, still wishing his obdurate relative a merry Christmas, and bestowing a similar benediction on the poor clerk, who, though he had but fifteen shillings a week and a wife and family to support, talked as gaily about a merry Christ mas as if he had been the master of thousands : a delusion winch caused Scrooge to contemplate retirement to Bedlam. As the nephew departed two gentlemen entered, who asked Scrooge to subscribe to a fund to purchase meat and drink, and means of warmth lor the poor, but Scrooge, with scornful taunts, pointed to the treadini.l and union workhouse, to which he subscribed compulsorily, and the gentlemen withdrew-from their hopeless errand. The fog, and frost, and darkness thickened, but the majority of the world, intent on being comfortable, were busily preparing for Christmas. A boy essayed lo j regale the wealthy niggard with a carol, but was driven off. Í " At length the hour of shutting up the I counting house arrived. With an ill will ! Scrooge dismounted from his stool, and tacitly j admitted the fact to the expectant clerk iu the j tank, who instantly snuffed bis caudle out and put on his hat. I *' You'll want all day to-morrow, I suppose?" said Scrooge. " If quite convenient, sir.** " lt's not convenient," said Scrooge, " and it's not fair. ïf t were, to stop half'-a crown for it, you'd think yourself ill-used, I'll be bound.'* The clerk smiled faintly. 44 And yet." said Scrooge, '* you don't think me. ill-used when I pay a day's wages for no work." The cleik observed that it was only once a >'ear* . , Í " A poor excuse for picking a man s pocket every twenty-fifth of December," said Scrooge, buttoning his great coat to the chin. " But 1 suppose you must have the whole day. Be here all the earlier next morning." I The clerk promised that he would ; and Scrooge walked out with a growl. The- office was closed in a twinkling, and the clerk, with the long ends of his white comforter dangling below bis waist (for he boasted no great coat), \ went down a slide on Cornhill, at the end of a j lane of boys, twenty times, in honor of its being Christmas-eve, and then ran home to Camden Town, as hard as he could pelt, to play at blind man's-buff. Scrooge took his usual melancholy tavern dinner, read the papers, and returned to the gloomy rooms which he occupied. As he entered the house he cast his eye» on the knocker, and saw, not without some feelings to which he was unaccustomed, that it represented, gleaming with a sort of ghastly light, the face of his de ceased parino. Malley. While he grazed at it, however, it became a knocker again, and he en tered, looking, with a moment's irresolution, at the back of the door as if he half expected to be terrified with the sight of ¡VI ai ley's pigtail sticking out into the hall. The fancies of Scrooge were all afloat about his late partner, it seems, though he had mentioned him but once to the strangers who asked his subscription to the charity. He examined every apartment in his house that night, and having sat down before hts morsel of fire to take hts gruel, his thoughts again run upon Marley. But we must let Boz describe the ensuing scene himself. "'Humbug!' said Scrooge; and walked across the room. 44 After several turns, he sat down again. As he threw his head back in the chair, his glance happened to rest upon a bell, a disused-bell, that hung in the room, and communicated for some purpose now forgotten with a chamber in the highest story of the building. It was with great astonishment, and with a strange, inexplicable dread, that, as he looked, be saw this bell begin to swing. It swung so softly in the outset that it scarcely made a sound ; but soon it rang out loudly, and so did every belt in the house. " This might have lasted half a minute, or a minute, but it seemed au hour. The bells ceased, as they had begun, together. They were suc ceeded by a clinking noiso, deep down below, as if some person were dragging a heavy chain over the casks iii the wine merchant's cellar. Scrooge then remembered to have heard that ghosts in haunted houses were described as dragging chains. " The cellar door flew open with a booming sound, and theu he beard the noise much louder on the floors below ; then coming up the stairs; then coming straight towards his door. " 4 It's humbug still !' said Scrooge. * I won't believe it.' 44 His color changed, though, when, without a pause, it caine on through the heavy door, and passed into the room before his eyes. Upon its coming in, the dying flame leaped up, as though it cried, * 1 know him ! ¡VI ai ley's ghost !' and fell again. " The same fare : the very same. Marley in his pigtail, usual waistcoat, tights and boots ; the tassels on the latter bristling, like his pigtail, and his coat skirts, and the hair upon his head. The chain he drew was clasppd about his middle. It was long and wound about him like a tail ; and it was made (for Scrooge observed it closely), of cash boxes, keys, padlocks, legers, deeds,, j and heavy purses wrought in steel. His body j was transparent ; so that Scrooge, observing him, and looking through his waistcoat, could see the two buttons on his coat behind'. 44 Scrooge had often heard it said that .Marley had uo bowels, but he had never believed it until now. 44 No, nor did he believe it even now. Though he looked the phantom through and and through, and saw it standing before him; though he felt the chilling influence of its death-cold eyes, and marked the very texture of the folded kerchief bound about its head and chin, which wrapper : he had not observed before : he was still incre dulous and fought against his senses. 44 4 How now !' said Scrooge, caustic and cold as ever. * What «Jo you want with, me ?' I 444 Much 1' Marley's voice, no doubt about that. ! 44 4 Who are you ?' 4* * Ask me who I was * " 4 Who were you then V said Scrooge, raising his voice. 4 You're particular, for a shade.' He was going to say, * to a shade,' but substituted this as more^appropriate. J '* * la life I was your partner, Jacob Marley.' \- " * Can yon, can yon »it do wo V asked Scrooge, ; looking doubtfully at him. " « I can.» " « Do it then. " Scrooge asked the question/ beeause he d;d'ut know whether a ghost so transparent might find himself in a condition to take a chair; and felt that, in the event of its being impossible, it might involve the necessity of an embarrassing explanation. But the ghost sat down on the opposite side of the fire-place, as if he were qu«te used to it. " * You don't believe in me/ observed the ghost. " . I don't,' said Scroog«. " ' What evidence would you have of my reality, beyond that of your senses ?' *« « I don't know,' said Scrooge. " * Why do you doubt your senses V " * Because,' said Scroog, * a little thing af fects them, A slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats. You may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato. There's j more of gravy than of grave about you, whatever you are !' " Scrooge was not much in the habit of crack ing jokes, nor did he feel in his heart by any means waggish then. The truth is, that he tried to be smart, as a means of distracting his own attention and keeping down his terror, for the spectre's voice disturbed the very marrow in his bones. *' To sit, staling at those fixed, glazed eyes, in silence for a moment, would play, Scrooge felt, the very deuce with him. There was something very awful, too, in the spectre's being provided with au infernal atmosphere of his own. Scrooge could not feel it himself, but this was clearly the case; for, though the ghost sat perfectly mo tionless, its hair, and skirts, and tassels, were still ag tated as hy the hot vapor from an oven. " ' You see this toothpick V said Scrooge, re turning quickly to the charge, for the reason just assigned ; and wishing, though it was only for a moment, to divert the vision's stony gaze from himself. ** * [ do,' replied the ghost. *' ' You are not looking at it,' said Scrooge. "' But I see it/ said the ghost, « notwith sta din».' «< . Well I' returned Scrooge, « I have but to swallow this and be for the rest of my days per secuted by a legion of goblins, all of my own creation. Humbug, I tel! you; humbug !' " At this, the spirit raised a frightful cry, and shook its chain with such a dismal and appal ling noise, that Scrooge held tight to his chair, to save himself from falling in a swoon ; but how much greater was his horror when the phantom, taking off the bandage round its head, as if it was too wann to wear in-doors, its lower jaw dropped on its breast ! *' Scrooge fell upon his kuees, and clasped his , hands before his face. " * Mercy !' he said ; ' dreadful apparition, i why do you trouble me V " * Man of the worldly mind !' replied the ghost ; 4 do you believe in me, or do you not V . * I do,'said Scrooge. « I mus ; but why do spirits walk the earth ; and why do they come to me ?* ** * lt is required of every man/ the ghost re turned, ' that the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellow men, and travel faraud 1 wide ; and f that spirit goes not forth in life, it ; is condemned to do so after death. It is doomed to wander through the world, oh, wo is me! and witness what it cannot share, but might have shared it ou earth, and turned to hap piness !' " Again the spectre raised a cry, and shook its chain, and wrung its hands. " 'You are fettered,* said Scrooge, trembling, * tell rae why ?' *** I wear the chain I forged in life/ said «he ghost. ' I made it link by link, and yard by yard ; I girded it on of my own free will, and of my own free will I wore it. Is its pattern strange to you ?' '* Scrooge trembled more and more. ** * Or would you know/ further pursued the ghost; * the weight and strength of the strong coil you bear yourself ? It was full as heavy and as strong as this, seveu Christmas-eves ago. You have labored on it since. It is a ponderous chain.' " Scrooge glanced about him on the floor, in the expectation of finding himself surrounded by «orne fifty or sixty fathoms of iron cable ; but be could see nothing. "« Jacob/ he said imploringly; 1 old Jacob ¡Marley, tell me more; speak comfort tome, Jacob.' *. . I have none to give/ the ghost replied ; *it comes from other regions. Ebenezer Scrooge, and is couveyed by other ministers to other kinds of men. Nor can I tell you what I would. A very little more is all permitted to me. 1 cannot r. st, 1 cannot stay, I cannot linger anywhere. My spirit never walked beyond our counting house, mark me !-fu life my spirit never roved beyond the narrow limits of our money changing hole ; and weary journeys lie before me !' It was a habit of Scrooge, whenever he became thoughtful, lo put his hands into his breeches pockets. Pondering on what the ghost had said, he .did so now, but without lifting up his eyes, or getting up from off his . knees. " * You must have been very slow about it, Jacob/ Scrooge observed in a business - like manner, though with humility and deference. " * Slow !' the gtiost repeated. ' Seven years dead,* mused Scrooge ; « and travelling all the time ?* "«The whole time/ said the ghost. « No rest, no peace. Incessant torture of re morse.' *. * You travel fast ?' said Scrooge. '« * Ou the wings of the wind/ replied the ghost. «* * You must have got over a great quantity of ground in seven years/ said Scrooge. " The ghost, on bearing this, set up another cry, and clanked its chain so hideously in the dtfad silence of the night, that the v ard would have been justified in indicting it far a nuisance. " ' Oh ! captive, bound, and double ironed,' cried the phantom, ' not to know that ages of incessant labor by immottal creatures, for this earth must pass into eternity be fore the good of which it is susceptible is all developed. Not 'to know that any Christian spirit working kindiy in its tittle sphere, what ever it may be, will rind its mortal life too short for its vast means of usefuln ss. Not to know that no space of reg ret can make amends for one life's opportunities misused ! Yet such was I. Oh ! such was I.' .« * But you were always a good mau of bu siness, Jacob,' faultered Scrooge, who -now be gan to apply this to himself. »"Business!' cried the ghost, wringing its hands again« ' Mankind was my business. The common welfare was my business ; charity, mercy, forbearance, and benevolence, were all my business. The dealings of my trade were but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business !' " it held up its chain at arm's length, as if that were the cause of its unavailing grief, and flung it heavily upon the ground again.-(To be continued.) 