A GHOST STORY OF CHRISTMAS. [BY BOZ.] (Concluded from our last.) His active little crutch was heard upon the floor, and back came Tiny Tim before another word was spoken, escorted by his brother and sister to his stool beside the fire; and while Bob, turning up his cuffs - as if, poor fellow, they were capable of being made more shabby - compounded some hot mixture io a jug with gin and lemons, and stirred it round and round and put it on the hob to simmer; Master Peter and the two ubiquitous young Cratchits were to fetch the goose, with which they soon returned in high procession. "Such a bustle ensued that you might have thought a goose the rarest of all birds, a feathered phenomenon, to which a black swan was a matter of course; and, in truth, it was some thing very like it in that house. Mrs Cratchit made the gravy (ready beforehand in a little sauce pan) hissing hot ; Master Peter smashed the potatoes with incredible vigour; Miss Be linda sweetened up the apple sauce; Martha dusted the hot plates; Bob took Tiny Tim be side him in a tiny corner at the table; the two young Cratchits set chairs for everybody, not forgetting themselves, and mounted guard upon their posts, crammed spoons info their mouths lest they should shriek for goose before their turn came to be helped. At last the dishes were set on and grace was said. It was succeeded by a breathless pause, as Mrs Cratchit, looking slowly all along the carving knife, prepared to plunge it in the breast ; but when she did, and when the long expected gush of stuffing issued forth, one murmur nf delight arose all round the board, and even Tiny Tim, excited by the two young Cratchits, beat ou the table with the bindle ot his knife, and feebly cried « Hurrah ! ' *' There uever was such a goose. Bob said he diJn't believe there ever was such a goose cooked. Its tenderness and flavour, size and cheapness, were the themes of universal admira tion. Eked out by the apple sauce and mashed potatoes, it was a sufficient dinner for the whole family ; indeed, as Mrs Cratrhit said, with great delight (surveying one small atom of a bone upon a dish), they hadn't ate it all at last ! Yet every oue bed had enough, and the youngest Cratchits in particular were steeped in sage and onions tn the eyebrows ! But now, the plates being changed by Miss Belinda, Mrs Cratchit left the room alone, too nervous to bear wit nesses, to take the pudding up. and bring il in. " Suppose it should not be done enough ! Suppose it should break in turning out! Suppose somebody should have got over the wall of the back yard and stolen it while th*y were merry with the goose : a supposition at which the two young Cratchits became livid! All sorts of horrors were supposed. " Hallo! A great deal of steam! The pud ding was out of the copper. A smell like a washing day ! That was the cloth. A smell like an eating house, and a pastrycook's next door to that! That was the udding. In half a mi nute Mrs Cratchit entered, flushed, but smiling proudly, with the pudding, like a speckled cannon ball, so hard and firm, blazing in half of half a quartern of ignited brandy, and be dight willi Christmas holly stuck into the top. .« Oh, a wonderful puddin»; ! Bob Cratchit said, and calmly ton, that he regarded it as the greatest success achieved by Mrs Cratchit since th. ir marriage. Mrs Cratchit said that now the weight was off her mind, she would confess she had her doubts about the quantity of flour. Everybody haa something to say about it, but uobody said or thought it was at all a small pudding for a large family. It would have been Ant heresy to do so. Bob Cratchit would have bin lied to hint at such a thing. "At last the dinner was a>l done, the clo'-h was cleated, the hearth swept, and the fire made o j/. 'I he com pou lid io the jog being tasted and o.t.sidcieil perfect, apples and oranges were put upon the labie, and a shovel full of chestnuts on the Cue. Then all the Chiatchit family drew r. nnd the hearth, in what Bob Cratchit called & cuele, meaning half a one; and at Bob Critchet's fibo" stood the family display of glass: two tumbles s und u ctistaid cup without a haticle. " '1 hese held the liol stuff from the jug, how ever, as well as golden goblets would have done; and Bob -eived it out with beaming looks, while the chestnuts on the fire sputtered and crackled noisily. Th tn Bob pío tosed - *'4 A merry Christmas to us all, my dears. God btes* u* ! ' " Which ¿ill the family re echoed. *' 4 God ble.s.8 us every one ! ' said Tiny Tim, the last of all. " He sat verv close to his father's side, upon his little stool Bob held his withered little hand in his, as if he loved the child, and wished to keep him by hi- side, aud dreaded that he might be takeu troui him." Scrooge felt an interest he had never felt before, and be asked it I iuy Tim would live. The spirit saw a vacant chair and a crutch without an ou tier, and, in answer to the anxious inquiries of his companion, he replied that, if those shadows remained unaltered by the future, no other Christmas would find Tiny Tim in the poor chimney corner. But the festivity went on, and the cletk di mik the health of Scrooge, though the wife and youngsters liked not the toast. Scrooge here learued some wholesome lessons respecting the estimation in which he wa» held, and the struggles of virtuous poverty to " make all ends meet," but mirth and happi ness were the pervading features while the Spirit of Chijstmas .was present. Bob Cratchit told hts family " how.he had a situation in his eye ?or Master Peter, which would bring in, ii obtained, full five and sixpence weekly." The two young Cratchits laughed tremendously al th idea of Peter's being a man of business; mid Peter looked thoughtfully at the fire from bel» eeo his elbows, as if he were " deliberating what particular i ¡«ve slim-nt s he should favotn when he came into the receipt of that bewil deiing income." '! he phantom led Scrooge to many places on the land and over the mighty sea, anti whethei in the hut, or in the water girt lighthouse, fui from is and or continent, men exchanged kindlj g;eeting and acknowledged the presence o Christmas. Suddenly Scrooge bea d a hearty laugh, and looking-Mp, lound hiui-ei', unexpectedly, at hi nephew's, in u bright, gleaming room, with thi spirit standing by his side, " looking at the sami uephew with ap).roving affability." "'Ha, hal 'laughed Scrooge's nephew * Ha, ha, ha.' " If you should happen, by an unlikely chance tu know a man more blest in a laugh thai Scrooge's nephew, all L cati say is, I shouh like to know him too. Introduce him to me ant i'll cultivate his acquaintance. " lt is a fair, even handed, noble adjustmen of things, that, while there is in fee ti ou iu diseasi aud si.irow, theie is nothing in the world 8< irrerisubly contagious as laughter and goo« humour. When Scrooge's nephew laughed ii this way, holding his sides, rolling his head, am twitting hts face into the most extravagant con torti'iiis. Scrooge's niece, by marriage, laughe as heartily as he. And their assembled frieuds b ing not a bit behindhand, roared out lustily. " « Ha, ha ! Ha, ha, ha, ha ! ' " 4 He said that Christmas was a humbug, a I live ! ' cried Scrooge's nephew. * He believe it too.' '« . More shame for bira, Fred.! 'said Scrooge1 nu CR, indignantly. Bless these women : the never do anything by halves ; they are al wa) in earnest. " Sii^ wa-- very pretty : exceedingly prett] With a di ???pied, -urprisr-d looking, capital fae« a i'¡e little mouth, that seemed made to b k ssed. as no dojibi it «¡is; all kinds of goo li .|e dots about ber chin, that melted into on a-other v hen she laughed: and the sunnier p «ir ot ey rs you ever saw in any little creature h ad. A hogether, she was w hat you would hav c.¡led |.invoking, you know; but satistactorj to * Oh, pe«, feet IV satisfactory .« » He'.- d c ¿mica! old fell??.w,' said Scrooge U'-phew, ' «hat's the truth; and not so pleasar a-> bc might be. However, his offences carr their own punishment, and I have nothing to say against him.' " Topper had clearly got his eyes upon one of Scrooge's neice's sisters, for he answered that a bachelor was a wretched outcast who had no right to express an opinion on the subject. Whereat Scrooge's niece's sister- the plump one with the lace tucker : not the one with the roses-blushed. " * Do go on, Fred.' said Scrooge's neice, clapping her hands. ' He never finishes what he begins to say. He is such a ridiculous fellow !' " Scrooge's nephew revelled in another laugh, and, as it was impossible to keep the infection 'off, though the plump sister tried hard to do it with aromatic vinegar, his example was unani mously followed. «? « I was going to say,* said Scrooge's nephew, ' that the consequence of his taking a dislike to us, and not making merry with us, is, as I think, that he loses some pleasant moments, which could do no harm. I am sure he loses plea santer companions that he can find in his own thoughts, either in his mouldy old office, or hts dusty chambers. I mean to give him the same chance every year, whether he likes it or not, for f pity him. He may fail at Christmas till he dies, but he can't help thinking better of it, I defy him, if he finds me going there, tn a good temper, year after year, aud saying uncle Scrooge, how are you ? If it only put him in the vein to leave his poor clerk fifty pound?, (kat's something; and I think I shook him yes terday. '* It was their turn to laugh now, at the notion of his shaking Scrooge. But, being thorougly good natured, and not much caring what they laughed at, so that they laughed at any rate, he encouraged them in their merriment, and passed the bottle joyously. " But they didn't devote the whole evening to music. A lier a while they played at forfeits ; for it is good to he children sometimes, and never better than at Chistmas, when its mighty foun der was a child himself. Stop. There was first a game at blindman s buff. Of course lhere was. And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes in hts boots. My opiniou is, lhat it was a done thing between him and Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it. The way he went after that plump sister tn the la« e tucker was an outrage on the credulity of human nature. Knocking down the fire-irons, tumbling over lite chairs, bumping up against the piano, smothering himself among the curtains, where ever she went, there weut he. He always knew where the plump sister was. He wouldn't catch anybody -else. If you had fallen up against him, as some of them did, and stood there, he would have made a feint of endeavouring to seize you, which would have been an affront to your understanding ; and would instantly have sidled off in the direction of the plump sister. She ofteu cried out that it was'nt fair ; and it really was not. But when nt last he caught her ; when, in spite of all her silken rustlings, and her rapid flot tirings past him, he got her into a corner whence there was no escape ; then his conduct was the most execrable. For his pretending not to know her; his pretending that it was necessary to touch her head-dress, and further to assure himself' of her identity by pres sing a certain ring ui>cn her finger, and a certain chain about her neck, was vile, monstrous ! No doubt she told him her opinion ot it, when, another blind man being in office, they were so very confidential altogether, behind the curtains. " Scrooge's neice was not one of the blind man's-buff party, hut was made comfortable with a targe chair and a footstool, in a snug corner, where the Ghost and Scrooge were close behind her. But she joined in the forfeits, and loved her love to admiration with all the letters of the alphabet. Likewise, at the game of how, when, and where, she was very great, and, to the secret joy of Scrooge's nephew, beat her sisters hollow, though they were sharp girls, too, as Topper could have told you. There might have been twenty people there, young and old, but they all played, and so did Scrooge, for, wholly forgetting in the interest he had in what was going on, that his voice made no sound in their ears, he sometimes came out with his guess quite loud, and very often guessed right, too ; for the sharpest needle, best Whitechapel, war ranted not to cu* in the eye, was not sharper than Scrooge : blunt as he took it in head to he. " The Ghost was greatly pleased to find him in this mood, and looked upon him with such favor that he begged like a boy to be allowed to stay until the guests departed. But this the Spirit said could not be done. " ' Here's a new game,' said Scrooge. « One half hour, Spirit, only one !' lt was a game called Yes and No, where Scrooges nephew had to think of something, and the rest must find out what ; he only an swering to their questions yes or no as the case was. The brisk fire of questioning to which he was exposed elicited from him that he was ?udg^kof an animal, a live animal, rather a ^^^^Rahle animal, a savage animal, an animal ^^fe^rowled and gruuted sometimes, and talked ||Retimes, and lived in Loudon, and walked j^nut the streets, and was'nt made a show of, wasn't led by any body, and didn't live in a wlnagerie, and was never killed in a market, and was not horse, or an ass, or a cow, or a bull, or a tiger, or a dog, or a pig, or a cat, or a bear. At every fresh question that was put to him, this nephew burst into a fresh roar of laughter; and was so inexpressibly tickled, that he was obliged to get up off the sofa and stamp. At last the plump sister, falling into a similar state, cried out : " . I have found it out ! I know what it is, Fred. ! I know what it is.' " « What is it ?' cried Fred. " ' lt's your uncle Scro-o-o-o-oge !' " Which it certainly was. Admiration was the unieersal sentiment, though some objected to the reply to * Is it a bear ?' ought to have been * Yes ;' inasmuch as an answer in the nega tive was sufficient to have diverted their thoughts from Mr Scrooge, supposing they had ever had any tendency that way. *' . He has guen us plenty of merriment, I ant sure,' said Fred., ' and it would be ungrate- j lui not to drink his health. Here is a glass of j mulled wine ready to our hand at the moment,' and L say uncle Scrooge !' «'4 Well, uncle Scrooge !' they cried. " ' A merry Christmas and a happy New Year lo the old man wherever he is I' said Said Scrogge's nephew. « He wouldn't take it ! from me, but may he have it nevertheless. Uncle Scrooge !' " Uncle Scrooge had imperceptibly become so gay and light of heart that he would have pledged the unconscious company in return, and thanked them in an audible speech if the ghost had given him time. But the whole scene pas sed off in the breath of the last word spoken by his nephew, and he and the spirit were again upon their travels." Stave four brings us acquainted with " The last of the Spirits," " the Ghost of Christmas yet to come." This grave and solemn spirit showed Afr Scrooge visions of that futurity which would come if he persevere ! in the path which he had so long pursued. He heard the remarks of his associates on his death, though without knowing of whom they spoke, witnessed the cold, selfish acts of the pillagers who had at tended him in his last moments, for, rich as he was, as he had befriended none he was friend less, and the few moveables in his house, even to his bed-curtains, were stripped from about his corse. Scrooge asked the ghost to show bim if there were any man or woman in town who felt an emotion caused by the death of that man. The phantom led him to a family of the principal of which he was the hard, unrelenting creditor, and there was pleasure around the hearth, for they would have time to pay their debt, and were saved from ruin. " ( Let me see some tenderness connected with a death,* said Scrooge, * or that dark chamber, spirit, which we left just now, will be for ever present to me.' " The ghost conducted him through several streets familiar to his feet; and, as they went along, Scrooge looked here and there to find himself, but nowhere was he to be seen. They entered poor Bob Cratchit's house, the dwel ling he had visited before, and found the mother, and the children seated round the fire. 44 Quiet. Very quiet. The noisy little Crat chits were as still as statues in one corner, and sat looking up at Peter, w ho had a book before him. The mother and her daughters were en gaged in sewing. But surely they were very quiet ! And he took a child, and set him in the midst of them.' " Where had Scrooge heard these words ? He had not dreamed them. The boy must have tead them out, as he and the spirit crossed the threshold. Why did he not go in ? " The mother laid her work upon the table, and put her hand up to her face. " ' The color hurts my eyes/ she said. " The color. Ah, poor Tiny Tim ! 44 * They'ie better now again,' said Cratchit's wife. ' It makes them weak by candlelight; and I wouldn't show weak eyes to your father when he comes home for the world, lt must be near his time.' 44 . Past it rather,' Peter answered, shutting up (he book. 4 But I th nk he 1MS walked a little slower than he used these last few evenings, mother.' "They were quiet again. At last she said, and in a steady cheerful voice that only faltered once "'I have known him walk with-1 have known him walk with-Tiny Tim upou his shoul der, very fast indeed.' 44 ' And so have I,' cried Peter. 4 Often.* 444 And so have I !' exclaimed another. So had ali. 44 4 But he was very light to carry,' she re sumed, intent upon her work, 4 and his father loved him so that it was no trouble-uo trouble. And there is your father at the door.' 44 She hurried out to mt et him, and little Bob, in his comforter-he had need of it, poor fellow \- came in. His tea was ready for him on the hob, and they all tiied who should help him to it must. Then the two young Cratchits got upon his knees and laid, each child. a little che¿k, upon his face, as if they said-4 don't mind it father ; don't be grieved.' 44 Bob was very cheerful with them, and spuke pleasantly to all the family. He looked at the work upon the table, aud praised the industry and speed of Mrs Cratchit and the girls. 44 * They would be done long before Sunday/ he said. 444 Sunday ! Then you went to-day, Robert V said his wife. 44 . Yes, my dear,' returned Bob. 4 I wish you could have gone. It would have done you good to see how green a place it is. But you'll see it often. I promised him that I would walk there on a Sunday. My little child !' cried Bob. My little child !' " He broke down all at once. He couldn't help it. If he could have helped it he and his child would have been farther apart, perhaps, than they were. 44 He left the room and went up stairs into i the room above, which was lighted cheerfully, and hung with Christmas. There was a chair set close beside the child, and there were signs of some one having been there lately. Poor Bob sat down in it, and, when he had thought a little and composed himself, he kissed the little face. He vi as reconciled to what had happened, and went do*n again quite happy. 44 They drew about the fire and talked, the girls and mother working still. Bob told them of the extraordinary kindness of Mr Scrooge's nephew, whom he had scarcely see ti but once, and who, meeting him in the street thal day, and seeing that he looked a little, 4 just a little down, you know/ said Bob, inquired what had hap pened to distress him. 4 On which,' said Bob, for he is the pleasantest spoken gentleman you ever heard, 4 I told him. I am heartily sorry for it, Mr Cratchit/ he said, 4 and heartily sorry for your good wife. By the by, how ever he knew that I don't know.' " 4 Knew what, my dear ?* 44 4 Why, that you were a good wife,' replied Bob. 44 4 Everybody knows that!'said Peter. 44 4 Very well observed my boy !' cried Bob. 4 I hope they do. Heartily sorry, he said, for your good wife.. If I can be of service to you in any way, he said, giving me his card, that's where I live. Pray come to me. Now it wasn't/ cried Bob, 4 for the sake of anything he might be able to do for us so much as for his kind way, that this wars quite delightful, lt really seemed as if he had known our Tiny Tim, aud felt with us.' 44 4 I'm sure that he's a good soul !' said Mrs Cratchit.' 444 You would be surer of it, my dear/ sa?d Bob, * if you saw and spoke to h'm. 1 shouldn't i t e at all surprised, mark what I say, if he gol Peter a betlersituation.' 44 4 Only hear that, Peter,' returned Mrs Cratchit. «« 4 And then,' cried one of the girls. « Peter will be keeping company with some one, and setting up for himself.' «* * Get aloug with you,' retorted Peter, grinning. 44 4 It's just as likely as not,' said Bob, 4 one of those days ; though there's plenty of time for that, my dear. Bnt, however, and whenever we part from one another, I am su e we shall none of us forget poor Tiny Tim, shall we9 or this first parting that there was among us ?' 44 * Never, father !' cried they all. 44 * And t know,' said Bob, * I know, my dears, that when we recollect how patient and how mild he was, although he was a little, little child, we shall not quarrel easily among our selves, and forget poor Tiny Tim in doing it.' 44 . No, never father !' they all cried again. 44 4 1 am very happy,' said little Bob, * I am very happy !* 44 Mrs Cratchit kissed him, hts daughters kissed him, the two young Cratchits kissed him, and Peter and himself shook hands. Spirit of Tiny Tim, thy childish essence was from God! 44 'Spectre,* said Scrooge, 'something informs me that our parting moment is at hand. I know it, but £ know not how. Tell me what mau that was whom we saw lying dead !' " The spirit led him to a churchyard, and showed him a grave inscribed with his own name. He was a changed man, and sought in agony to know if the spirit had shadowed the things that would inevitably be, or if, by departing from the courses, he could lead his destiny to other ends. He entreated, without effect, to have his fate reversed, promising to honor Christmas in his heart, to live in the past, the present, and the future, and to let the spirits of all three work within him, when, 4* holding up his hands in on» last prayer, he 6aw an alteration in the phan tom's hood and dress, It shrunk, collapsed, and dwindled down into a bedpost." 44 Yes ! and the bedpost was his own. The bed was his own. Best and happiest of all, the time before him was his own, to make amends io ! 44 4 I will live in the past, the present, and the future,' Scrooge repeated, as he scrambled out of bed. 4 The spirits of all three shall strive within me. Oh, Jacob Marley ! Heaven, and Christmas time be praised for this ! I say it on my knees, old Jacob ; on my knees !' 44 He was so fluttered and so glowing with his good intentions that his broken voice would scarcely answer to his call. He had been sob bing violently in his conflict with the spirit, and his face was wet with tears. 44 4 I don't know what to do !' cried Scrooge, laughing and crying in the same breath, and making a perfect Laocoon of himself with his stockings. 4 I am as light as a feather, 1 am as happy as an angel, I ara as merry as a school boy. I am as giddy as a drunken man. A merry Christmas to everybody. A happy New Year to all thi world. Hallo, herc! Whoop! Hallo !' 44 He had frisked into the sitting room, and was now standing there perfectly winded. .4 4 There's the saucepan that the gruel was in !' cried Scrooge, starting off again and frisk ing round the fire place. 4 There's the door by which the ghost of old Jacob Malley entered. There's the door where the ghost of Christmas present sat ! There's the window where I saw the wandering spirits ! It's all right, it's all true, it all happened. Ha, ha, ha !' 44 Really, for a maa who had been out of practice for so many years, it was a splendid laugh, a most illustrious laugh. The father of a long, long line of brilliant laughs ! 44 * I don't know what day of the month it is !' said Scrooge. 4 I don't know how long I've been among the spirits. I don't know anything. I'm quite a baby. Never mind. I don't care. I'd rather be a bady. Hallo ! Whoop ! Hallo, here !' 44 He was checked in his ttansports by the churches ringing out the lustiest peals he had ever had. Clash, clang, hammer, ding, dong, bell. Bell, dong, ding, hammer, clang, c ash ! Oh, glorious, glorious ! 44 Running to the window, he opened it and put out his head. No fog, no mist ; clear, bright, jovial, stirring, cold ; cold, piping for the blood to dance to ; golden sunlight ; heaveuly sky ; sweet fresh air; merry bells. Oh, glorious, glorious ! 44 * W hat's to day ?' cried Scrooge, calling downward to a boy in Sunday clothes, who, perhaps, had loitered tn to look about him. 44 4 EH ?' returned the boy, with all his might of wonder. 44 4 Whats to-day, my fine fellow?' said Scrooge. 44 * To-day V replied the boy. 4 Why CHRIST MAS DAY.' 44 * It's Christmas day !' said Scrooge to him self. 4 I haven't missed it. The spirits have done it alt in one night. They can do anything they like. Of course they can. Hallo, my fine fellow !' 44 4 Hallo !' returned the boy. 44 4 Do you know the poulterer's in the next street but one, at the corner?' Scrooge in quired. 44 4 I should hope I did.' replied the lad. 44 4 An intelligent boy !' said Scrooge. ' Á remarkable boy ! Do you know whether they've sold the prize turkey that was hanging up there ? Not the light prize turkey : the big one? ** 4 What a delightful boy !* said Scrooge. * It's a pleasure to talk to him. Yes, my buck !' 44 * it's hanging there now,' replied the boy. Is it ?' said Scrooge. 4 Go and buy it.' " 4 Walk-ER !' exclaimed the boy. 44 4 No, no,' said Scrooge, 4 I am in earnest' Go and buy it, and tell 'em to brick it here, that I may give them the direction where to take it. Come back with the man, and I'll give you a shilling. Come back with him in less than five minutes, and I'll give you half-a-crown.' 44 The boy was off like a shot. He must have had a steady hand at a trigger who could have got a shot off half so fast. 44 4 I'll send it to Bob Cratchit's !* whispered Scrooge, rubbing his hands, and splitting with a laugh. « He shan't know who sends it. It's twice the size of Tioy Tim. Joe Miller never made such a joke as sending it to Bob's will be!' J b 44 It was a Turkey ! He never could have stood upon his legs, that bird. He would have snapped tbera off in a minute, like sticks of seat-' ing-wax. " ' Why, it's impossible to carry that to Campden Town,' said Scrooge. «Yon most have a cab.' " Scrooge walked forth an entirely new person. He smiled upon all he met, and looked so irreZ sistibly pleasant that several good-humoured fei» lows smiled in turn, and said, " Good morning, sir ; a merry Christmas to you !' Happening* to encounter one of the gentlemen who had called upon him on the preceding day, he wished him a merry Christmas also, and ordered bim to put his name down as a subscriber to the cha ritable fund for a sum, the magnitude of which' astonished the kind-hearted gentlemen. Bot Scrooge had not forgotten the past, and lie observed that mauy back payments were mi ciuded in his present contribution. Scrooge next astonished his nephew by going to dine with him. '* * Is your master at home, my dear ?' said Scrooge to the girl. Nice girl!-Very. i «« * Yes sir.' .« ' Where is he, my love ?' said Scrooge. " ' He's in the dining-room, sir, along wit mistress. I'll show you up stairs, sir, if yoi please.' " * Thank'ee. He knows me/ said Scrooge, with his hand already on the dining- room loclu ' I'll go in here, my dear.' " He turned it gently, and sidled his face ¡ni round the door. They were looking at the table (which was spread out in great array); for these young housekeepers are always nervous on such points, and like to see that everything is right. 4 " ' Fred !' said Scrooge. " Dear heart alive, how his niece by marriage! started ! Scrooge had forgotten, for the mo ment, about her sitting in the corner with the footstool, or he would not hare done it ou'any account. * Why, bless my soul,' cried Fred, * who is that !' " ' It is I-your uncle Scrooge. I have come to dinner ; will you let me in, Fred ?' *' Let him in ! It's a mercy he didn't shake his arm off. He was at home in five minutest Nothing could be heartier. His niece was jost: the same. So did Toper when he came. So did the plump sister when she came. So did every one when they came. Wonderful party, wonf derful games, wonderful unanimity, wonderful happiness ! ' " But he was early at the office next morning. Ob he was early there. If he could only be there first, and catch Bob Cratchit coming ie late ! That was the thing he had set his heart upon. " And he did il; yes he did! The clock struck nine. No Bob. A quarter past. N«i Bob. He was full eighteen minutes and a half behind his time. Scrooge sat with his door wide open, that he might see him come into die tank. *' His hat was off, before he opened the door; his comforter, too. He was on his stool in a jiffy, diiving away with his pen as if he were trying to overtake nine o'clock. « Hallo!' growled Scrooge, in h's accus« tomed voice as near as he could feign it. * What do you mean by coming here at this time of th«y day V J ** * I'm very sorry, sir,' said Bob. ' I am bei» hind mv time.' \ " * You are,' repeated Scrooge. * Yes-I think you are. Step this way, if you please." ** ' It's only once a year, sir,' pleaded Bob, appearing from the tank. * It shall not be re peated. I was making rather merry yesterday, .ir. " * Now, I'll tell you what, my friend,'said Scrooge, 11 am not going to stand this sort ojf thing any longer. And, therefore,' he continued^ leaping from his stool, and giving Bob such a dig in the waistcoat that he staggered back into the tank again, * and, therefore, I am about to raise your salary !' ! Bob trembled, and got a little nearer to the ruler. He had a momentary idea of knocking Scrooge down with il, holding him, and calling to the people in the courtfor help and a straight waistcoat. *' ' A merry Christmas, Bob !* said Scrooge, with an earnestness that could not be mistaken, as he clapped him on the back. ' A merrier Christmas, Bob, my good fellow, than I have giveu you for many a year ! I'll raise your say lary, and endeavor to assist your struggling fa» mily, and we will discuss your affairs this very afternoon over a Christmas bowl of smoking bishop, Bob. Make up your fires, and buy another coal scuttle before you dot another i. Bob Crotchit.' " Scrooge was better than his word. He did it all, and infinitely more ; and, to Tiny Tim, who did NOT die, he was a second father. He became as good a friend, as good a master, and as good a man as the good old city knew, any other good old city, town, or borough in the* good old world. Some people laughed to see the alteration in him, but he let them laugh, and lillie heeded them, for he was wise enough ta know that nothing ever happened on this globe, for good, at which some people did not have their fill of laughter in the outset ; and knowing that such as these would be blind anyway, he thought it quite as well that they should wrinkle up their eyes in grins, as have the malady inj less attractive forms. His own heart laughed; and that was quite enough for him. j " He had no further intercourse with spirits,; but lived upon the total abstinence principle ever afterwards ; and it was always said of him that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge. May that be truly said of us, and all of us ! And so, as Tiny Tim observed, God bless us every one!** ADELAIDE: Printed and Published (every Tuesday and Friday) by RICHARD BUCKHÍH, Sen., at the Office of Southern Australian," Rundle-street, when all earn* munieations are requested to ba addressed. TERMS: Newspaper.-6d per Number, or£l 15s. per Annum; paid in advance. Advertisements-6 lines and mutete (each insertion), 8s. 6d.; above 6 lines, 3d. per Un». Advertisements must have written noon them the BB* ber of times they are to be inserted, or they «ill bi continued until countermanded. The Southern Australian is regularly filed in London Messis. Capper & Gole, Australian and New Zeata _ Subscription Reading Rooms, sod General Agency OSee. No. 455, West Strand, Charmer Cross ; and by MrP-t~ Simmonds, agent for the Colonial Newspapers, Newspaper and Adverting Agency Office, 18, Cornhill opposite, th« Royal Exchange, where orders «ni A*F*<W titemsaU will be received and iwwarded. 