Literature. NEW BOOKS. Mary Schweidler , The Amber Witch, Edited by W. Meinhold Doctor of Theology, &c.; Translated from the German, by Lady Duff Gordon. London: 1844. "Some books are born great, others acheive greatness, and others have great- ness thurst upon them." Mary Schweid- ler, or, the Amber Witch, belong to the third category. It is a book of which it is the fashion to speak well. Every- body talks of it, all profess to admire it, and the raptures into which it has thrown some literary enthusiasts fairly rival those which have been enjoyed in succession by the Ojibbeways, the new dance, and General Thom Thumb. The Quarterly Review led the march of madness by de- claring the book was equal to Robinson Crusoe, and that the Rationalists'" of Germany fell into a trap the author laid for them, by taking it for a true story. There are passages, however, so very ex- trvagant that the "Rationalists"' must be among the most irrational of Christian men to be thus imposed upon. The story is interesting, and if we had not heard it so outrageously praised, it would have afforded us some pleasure in the perusal. It is supposed to be written by one Abraham Schweidler, the Pastor of Coserow, whose beautiful and innocent daughter, while rambling, on the sea- shore finds a quantity of amber ; and the sudden wealth enjoyed by the family in consequence, causes her to be suspected of witchcraft. A vicious Sheriff, whose overtures she has rejected, brings her to trial, when she is condemned to be burnt. The book was written, as we have said, with a view of imposing upon a critical clique in Germany, and great pains have been taken to give to the circumstances, an appearance of reality. Dr. Meinhold is a clever man, and he occasionally writes with power and natural effect, as in the following scene. SELLING THE AMBER. " I presently inquired for the mer- chants, who sat at the table drinking their parting cup, with their travelling equipments already lying by them, seeing that they were just going to set out on their way to Settin ; straightway one of them jumped up from his liquor, a little fellow with a right noble paunch, and a black plaster on his nose, and asked me what I would of them ? I took him aside into a window, and told him I had some fine amber, if he had a mind to buy it of me, which he straightway agreed to do. And when he had whispered some- what into the car of his fellow, he began to look very pleasant, and reached me the pitcher before he went to my inn. I was still fasting, so that I felt my very heart warmed by it in an instant. (Gra- cious God, what can go beyond a good draught of wine taken within measure !) After this we went to my inn, and told the maid to carry the box on one side into a small chamber. I had scarce opened it and taken away the gown, when the man held up both bands for joy, and said he had never seep such wealth of amber, and asked how I had come by it ? I answered that my child had found it on the sea shore ; whereat he wondered greatly that we had so much amber here, and offered me 300 florins for the whole box. I was quite beside myself for joy at such an offer, but took care not to let him see it, and bargined with him till I got 500 florins, and I was to go with him to the Castle, and take the money forthwith. Here- upon I ordered mine host to make ready at once a mug of beer, and a good din- ner for my child, and went back to the Castle with the man, and the maid who carried the box, begging him, in order to avoid common talk to say nothing of my good fortune to mine host, nor indeed to any one else in the town, and to count out the money to me privately, seeing that I could not be sure that the thieves might not lay in wait for me on the road home, if they heard of it, and this the man did. Shortly after, I was very near getting into great trouble ; for as I had an extreme longing to fall on my knees, so that I could not wait until such time as I should have got back to my inn, I went up three or four steps of the Castle-stairs, and entered into a small chamber, where I humbled myself be- fore the Lord. But the host, Nicolas Cracke, followed me, thinking I was a thief, and would have stopped me, so that l knew not how to excuse myself but by saying that I had been made drunken by the wine which the strange merchants had given to me (for he had seen what a good pull I had made of it), seeing I had not broken pay fast that morning, and that I was looking for a chamber wherein I might sleep a while, which lie he believed (if in-truth it were a lie, for I was really drunken, though not with wine, but with love and grati- tude to my Maker), and accordingly he let me go." The girl being accused of witchcraft, is apprehended and carried to Pudgle, to be tried by the wicked sheriff. | THE SUPPOSED WITCH AND THE RABBLE. " ' I heard right well,' says the pastor, ' as we drove away, that many spat but after us, and one said, 'We would far sooner lay fire under thy coals than pray for thee.' We were still sighing over such words as these, when came near to the churchyard, and there sat the ac cursed witch Lizzie Kolken at the door of her house, with her hymn-book in her lap, screeching out at the top of her voice, 'God the Father dwell with us,' as we drove past her ; the witch vexed my poor child so sore that she swounded and fell like one dead upon me. I beg- ged the driver to stop, and called to old Lizzie to bring us a pitcher of water but she did as though she had not heard me, and went on to sing so that it rang again. Whereupon the constable jumped down, and at my request ran back to my house to fetch a pitcher of water ; and he presently came back with it, and the people after him, who began to say aloud that my child's bad con-- science had stricken her, and that she had now betrayed herself. Wherefore I thanked God when she came to life again, and we could leave the village. But at Uckeritze it was just the same, for all the people had flocked together, and were standing on the green before Labahn his house when he went by. Nevertheless they were quiet enough as we drove past; albeit some few cried, ' How can it be, how can it be !' I heard nothing else. But in the forest near the water-mill, the miller and his men ran out and shouted, laughing, 'Look at the witch, look at the witch !' Whereupon one of the men struck at my poor child with the sack which he held in his hand, so that she turned quite white, and the flour flew all about the coach like a cloud. When I rebuked him, the wicked rogue laughed and said, that if no other smoke ever came under her nose, so much the better for her. The people stood so thick on the hill be- fore the castle, that we could scarce force our way through, and the sheriff caused the death bell in the castle-tower to toll as an avisum. Whereupon more and more people came running out of the alehouses and cottages. Some cried out, ' Is that the witch ?' Others again, ' Look at the parsons witch !' and much more, which for very shame I may not write. They scraped up the mud out of the gutter which ran from the castle- kitchen, and threw it upon us ; item a great stone, the which struck one of the horses so that it shyed , and belike would have upset the coach had not a man sprung forward, and held it in.'' THE SHERIFF AND HIS INTEDED VICTIM. " All this happened before the castle- gates, where the sheriff stood smiling and looking on, with a heron's feather stuck in his grey hat. But as soon as the horse was quiet again, he came to the coach and moked al my child, saying, 'See, young maid, thou wouldst not come to me, and here thou art nevertheless ! Whereupon she answered, ' Yea, I come ; and may you one day come before your judge as I come before you ; whereunto I said. Amen, and asked him how his lordship could answer before God and man for what he had done to a wretched man life myself, and to my child ? But be answered, saying, 'Why had I come with her ?' And when I told him of the rude people here, item of the churlish miller's man, he said that it was not his fault, and threatened all the people around with his fist, for they were mak- ing a great noise. Thereupon he com- manded my child to get down and to follow him, and went before her into the castle ; motioned the constable, who would have gone with them, to stay at the foot of the steps ; and began to mount the winding staircase to the upper rooms along with my child. But she whispered me privately, ' Do not leave me father ;' and I presently followed softly after them. Hearing by their voice in which cham- ber they were, I laid my ear against the door to listen. And the villian offered to her that if the would love him, naught should harm her, saying he had power to have her from the people ; but that if she would not, she should go before the court next day, and she might guess her- self how it would fare with her, seeing that he had many witnesses to prove that she had played the wanton with Satin, and had suffered him to kiss her. Here- upon she was silent, and only sobbed, which the arch-rogue took as a good sign and went on: 'If you have had Satan himself for a sweetheart, you surely may love me.' And he went to her, and would have taken her in his arms, as I perceived ; for she gave a loud scream, and flew to the door; but he had held her fast, and begged and threatened as the devil prompted him. I was about to go in when I heard her strike him in the face, ' Get thee behind me Satan,' so that he let her go. Whereupon she ran out at the door so suddenly that she threw me on the ground, and fell upon me with a loud cry. Hereat the sheriff, who had fol- lowed her, started, but presently cried out, 'Wait, thou prying parson I will teach thee to listen', and ran out and beck- oned to the constable who, stood on the steps below. He bade him first shut me up in one dungeon, seeing that I was an eavesdropper, and then returned and thrust my child into another. But he, thought better of it when we had come halfway down the winding stair, and said he would excuse me this time, and that the constable might let me go, and only lock up my child very fast, and bring the key to him, seeing she was a stubborn person, as he had seen at the first hearing which he had given her. Hereupon my poor child was torn from me, and, I fell in a swond upon the steps." The following is a laughable episode of the wonderful tales -- LAYING A GHOST. Some months before a man had been broken on the wheel at Güzhow, be- cause, being tempted of Satin, he mur- dered a travelling workman. The man, however, straightway began to walk after so fearful a fashion, that in the evening and night season he sprang down from the wheel in his gallows dress whenever a cart passed by the gallows, which stand hard by the road to Wol- gast, and jumped up behind the people, who in horror and dismay flogged on their horses, and thereby made a great rattling on the log embankment which leads beside the gallows into a little wood called the Kraulin. And it was a strange thing that on the same night the travel- lers were almost always robbed or mur- dered on Strellin heath. Here upon the magistrates had the man taken down from the wheel, and buried under the gallows, in hopes laying his ghost. But it went on just as before, sitting at night snow-white on the wheel so that none durst any longer travel the Road to Wol- gast. Until at last it happened that, young Rüdiger von Neinkerken of Mel- lenthin, in Usedom, who had been studying at Wittenberg, and elsewhere, and was now on his way home, came this road by night with his carriage. Now as soon as this young lord drove along the road, he also espied the ap- parition sitting on the wheel, and scar- cely had he passed the gallows when the ghost jumped down and ran after him. The driver was horribly frightened, and lashed on the horses as every body else had done before, and they, taking fright, galloped over the log-road with a mar- vellous clatter. Meanwhile, however, the young nobleman saw by the light of the moon how that the apparition flat- tened a ball of horse-dung whereon it trode, and straightway felt sure within himself that it was no ghost. Where- upon he called to the driver to stop ; and as the man would not harken to him, he sprung out of the carriage, drew his rapier, and hastened to attack the ghost. When the ghost saw this he would have turned and fled ; but the young nobleman gave him such a blow on the head with his fist that he fell upon the ground with a loud wailing. Summa : the young lord, having called back his driver, dragged the ghost into the town again where he turned out to be a shoemaker called Schwelm. I also, on seeing such a crowd ran thither with many others, to look at the fellow. He trembled like an aspen leaf ; and when he was roughly told to make a clean breast whereby he might peradventure save his own life, if it ap- peared he had murdered no one, he con- fessed that he had got his wife to make him a gallows' dress which he had put on, and sat on the wheel before the dead man, when, from the darkness and the distance, no one could see that two were sitting there together ; and this he did more especially when he knew, that a cart was going from the town to Wolgast. When the cart came by, and he jumped down and ran after it, all the people were so affrighted that they no longer kept their eye upon the gallows, but only on him, flogged the horses, and gal- loped with much noise and clatter, over the log embankment. This was heard by his fellows in Strelin and Dam[?]- becke (two villages which are about three- fourths on the way), who held themselves ready to unyoke the horses and to plunder the travellers when they came up with them. That after the dead man was buried he could play ghost more easily still, &c.; That this was the whole truth; and that he himself had never in his life robbed, still, less mur- dered, any one ; wherefore he begged to be forgiven ; that all the robberies and murders which had happened had been, done by his fellows alone. Ah, thou knave ! But I afterwards heard that he and his fellows were broken on the together, as was but fair." 