'Al,:-.' ' ' -M [?] ' -?y. -r - ; ' Tfcrfc f&fcher; -df' ©tirvgreat dramf&tiat;'iwas» John '-Shdhspfeare,4 fgWliJaflo'vrsasequenty I'lMter/andBalij a-dealin Wool iaa the 'i4tb#.i6''fS'tat-foi#Wlis?ei fe attained. the su4 Torino0 honours ' J Of the borough iby ! being elected v' to'tte- Office - Of 'hi ghbailiff in 1 568 j /Tffwould; -appear, to We vbv that: whatever re&pebtabiiity; : the corporation of rStratfor d ' pb&SOssed; ji'n thdr-oW-nyes- atidth&t; of; their "fellow 'burgesses, -t-heir vblaiins to (erudition were;'ve'ry huniMe-:-7fbr but- -of nineteen mem ber's '."of that body whose signatures are attached to a' ""dobuni-eht "'bearing' date 1564 -.sftycBbvenT.coald.'' write, "dheir names, . and ' Amoixg < 'the t w.el ve »-w ho affiled th eir . m ark : -only, .-> was > John : Shakspeare. The original : positron- -ofvthe bard of Avon- was- little favo rable -certainly to -the .development -of mental . powers 'In 1574. his father's ; affairs began -,toy'falL ' -into -decay, arid -in -1585-8 a distress : :-hayi;ng- been Issued against - his .goods, it was .returned unexecuted -with this notification, ':J6hesvBhackpere- nihil habefc nnde -distr. (potest levari." - '-The" .ex-r bailiff of .Stratford .'died in 1601 „ H:e -had m .avr led r M ar-y , -the (youngest daughter of Robert -Arden of Wil- : (ihecote in Warwickshire',' by whom -he had weight :cMMren ; Alone, Margaret, William, ' Criibertjj'.-Jone, » Ann,.- IHeha-rd,? and - Edmund. r 0£ .'this "family -some -died, .in infancy ; 'Edmund -embraced the calling of- an actor, : ;&nd;'! died'hr-TflOT s Jone9 :the '-second.- daughter- ,;/of thatiBamemarried'-W-iliiam Martha- -hatter in stidl =-_«?3g:_vst: -in .that town. 'William Shakspeare "was 'born at 'Strritford u:pOn-Avon9 on-'the'2Brd.'df JApHl,3T''564-a fact," says ;Sk6ttowe, '" which comprises the whole of the. poet's '.history till 'he is found, f for some time,' at the free grammar- school of his native town, 'where 'he doii-btless ac quired the Latin, 6 the mkll Latin,' that his friend Ben Jonson assures us he Was master j of." Oildon, ;Se weill, 'Upton, and 'Others, ; have strenuously coriterided for young . Shakspeare's scholarship and erudition ; there is little evidence,' however,1 that he 1 ever en- j jqyed much of school discipline; whati learning hepossessed was WOn'fOr 'himself by his Own strong and active understanding. ; The narrowness of his father's circumstances ; su&ciently; account for his neglected educa- i tion ; but, after all, what occason is there | afforded us, while perusing his immortal; pages, to regret his scantiness of school learn- j ing ? At the youthful age of eighteen, our I , "poet entered into the connubial state. Tfaej wife' be selected for himself was some eight years older than her husband ; arid the at tachment — if any such ever existed — appears to have had little influence either on his mirid of his fortunes. Shortly after ' the birth of his youngest child, Shakspeare quitted Strat- ; ford, and proceeded to London, his motive! for taking this step is involved in obscurity j Ro we says that" it was in consequence of his| having got -into a poaching scrape, and in-; curred the bitter resentment of Sir Thomas! Lucy of Charlecote, by his ungracious beha-| viour during the legal proceedings whichj were instituted against him ; but Malone; throws discredit on the- whole story, and con-| tends that 'Shakspeare was induced to -visitj "London by some actors who persuaded himj to engage in the profession of a player. He; was at this time about twenty-two years of age, and the first office which he HUM on thej stage was one of the lowest class. He soonj rose, however, to a more elevated station! among his Thespian brethren, although he does not appear ever to have sustained a| leading- part on the stage. The ghost in his own Hamlet was his best effort ; and he is known to have been the representative bi Adam in c As You Like It.' If the name3 of the actors prefixed to vE very Man in his -Humour were arranged in the same order as the persons of the drama, lie must have performed the part of 4 Old Kno well' in that comedy. 'Whatever Shakspeare may have been in the practical part of his art, the speech which he has put into into Ham let's mouth, in his directions to the players, affords sufficient evidence that he understood theory of the histrionic art per fectly Wrell. It is now impossible to fix the date, of Shakespeare's first appearance as a dramatic writer. When he appeared in this character he had many illustrious cotemporaries, but no rival; at one bound he placed himself fbrmost and alone in the race of fame. "The cotemporarie?. of Shakspeare were great and -remarkSBle --tn-en. They had wingedumaginations, arid made lofty flights. They saw above, below, or around ; but they had not taste ror discrimination which he possessed, nor the same extensive vision. They drew correctly and vividly for, particu lar aspects, while he towered above; his sub ject, and surveyed It on all sides, from 4 top .to toe.' If some saw further than others, they were dazzled at the'riehes .beforerthem, -and grasped." hastily, and. With "little' eare.; They were' perplexed'" with '' that -variety which he made subservierifc to the general effect. They painted ja poMait, Or dr three only, as though afraid of confusion. -He,' on the i other - hand, 'managed -vand -'miUr- Shalled all. His characters lie,' Mke Strata of earth, one under another ; or,-;toi use- his own expression, 5 matched in mouth like 'Mils, each urid er each : W e need only look athe play of ' Fal staff. Where there f are Wits j arid rogu es, and simpletons, of a -dozen shades- — Falstaff, Hal,tPoins, Bardolph, Wymp Pistol, Hostess, Shallow, ' Silence, 'Slender— -to ' say nothing of those rich recruits, equatenty 'to- a civil war. Now, no one else! has dorie'this, and it must be presumed that none ih&ve; been able to do it : Marlow, -"Marston, Web ster, Becker, Jbnsbn, Massinger, "Beaumont and Fletcher— a strong phalanx, yet «cnot have proved themselves competent -to so: dif ficult a task." Besides this thirty-six plays, - commencing with the first part of Henry YI. arid ending with the Tempest, all of which -were cer tainly produced 'betwixt the : years ; 1 589 jaod 1613, Shakspeare wrote some poetical pieces which were published separately: wiz. Venus arid Adonis, The 'Rape of LucrCce, The pas sionate Pilgrim, A Lover's 'Uomplaintj/and a volume of 'Sonnets. These pieces have indeed been entirely eclipsed 'by >:the unTi- valled splendour of dramas Trbm sthe same pen, but they are noble compositions never theless, arid worthy in all respects of' theigoL den age of our literature. The Ycnus aii'd Adonis, and the Rape of Lucrcce, appeared in 1593-4, and wCre hdth dedicated to- Henry Wriothesley, eafl of Southampton. That young nobleman; proved a -muniicen t'fiatrcn . Ro we relates, that un one ocoaon he pre sented the poet with a thousaiMupounds, a sum equivalent to least 'five 'housadd pounds in our bwri day. Theearls of Fem- broke arid Montgomery also vied with neaoh olher, and with Souihamptbn|4iif their praise of the rising dramatist, Who was also soon still more highly flattered : by the special notice and favour of -Queen 'Elizabeth, -at whose desire he is said To-'have 'Composed ; his ; 4 Merry Wives-bf Wiridisbr,,With(the ,view-..of": exhibiting Falstaff in the character < of (a lover. How well ' ShakspMre-' knew to com- plimerit royal : Vanity, the following 1 lines dn the 4 Midsummer JNight'sJ Bream,' (testify : " That very time I saw, (hut thou coul'st .riot) Flyiog between the riofd iridou anUffie'teatth, Cupid all arrard eeritaari; aim- h©1 took At a lair vestal throned by the west; . . And loos'd his love-shaft smartly frotii hisr bow, r , ;As" it should pierce A fohriSrecf thousand hearts ; Cjt ut \ -riright see yorirsg Oripid's-fiety shaft Quench'd in the chaste beams of the wat'ty triobn ; Arid the imperial Vot'fess pitoseden, ; intmaideri meditation u%py 'nrfee. ' < With such" patronage, Urid' Silh'killoWail him self of it, it' is not " matter . of (surprise ' tha t our'. poCt, unlike 'too many of his 'iftCdbh- ' temporaries, shquld :'h&ve; .quickly -UUproved his ' finances ' lanfd -1 risen J in the Wo#ld. r'So early 'as' "the " year 1 possessed a-! Share . in Blackfriar's theatre, and the next-y®6 . purchased' one Of ihe:; best 'hbUsCs iri'liis native tbwUJto 5- Which; in Titetee '-aSdd -a,!smMl estate "of one ; hundred " atM :J seven acres ; -of land: in the "n'e%hbbu?hod8, ;'Ndr- did this 'flow "of . " wordjy vprcs'peritT Mterrupt 0hi» ' friendly - Cori hexiori s ' With tils v fbrtUBSit e arid' probably 'less prUderit ' brhreB, " brie At" ieakt Of 'the 'gifted Aircie Tidd- been ex alted by the piib!rc',,srifice -flte bf; a : a rival. : Much -I has %&&& : 'AboUt the _-U<iWWWMWrBnfBrTTTTtmm r--JIIIIIII I ill! isied -between Jonscn and Shakspeare, but the 'story has been amply disproved -by Mr. Gifford, who expresses his fixed persuasion that 'the two great dramatists were friends antkassoeiates till one of ; them finally retired from public notice; that no feud, no jealousy, ever disturbed their connexion ; that Shaks peare was pleased with Jon son, and that Jon son loved and admired Shakspeare. The. profession of a player was certainly ! not eOflgenialto our poet's inclinations. That j ire regarded himself us dishonoured by it i appears from his OIL and CXI. sonnets, in j which' he expresses regret that he had " -yi ade himself a motley to the view and bids his friend ' Upbraid -Fortune " That did not better for his life provide ; Theaa public means; which public "manners breed,' ' , 'He. seems to 'have finally quitted the metro polis arid -retirM to his beloved "Stratford | aboiit -the year >1613. Henceforward even i tradition is silent -regarding him . We only j knowThathe dted< on the 23rd of April 1616, | the anniversary ; of his birth, and the same | day -on Which expired, In Spain, -his - great I contemporary Cervantes. O n the 25th April ! his 'body was' interred on the- north side of thej chaneel of the' parish church, where<a inonu- 1 mehtwaMbsequently erected to his memory. | In the ye&rT;?-41/awery noble-and beautiful j monument was raised to him in Westminster abbey. His wife survived him eight years. Tie -deft two daughters ;Who> were both married, and from one of whom sprung Ladyj Barnard, our poet's last lineal descendant who died in T67t). The powers of language hive "been ex- hausted'in dissertations 'upon - the genius und criticisms on the dramas of Shakspeare. The : following masterly - and eloquent enco- muDa oil ourgreat dramatist, us coming from the pen of a foreign cntie/ ought to belm- partialat least r " The - distinguishing pro perty," says Bchlegel, "of the dramatic poet is the capability of : transporting himself so completely into every -situation, even the most un usual , i hat he is enabled, as plenipotentiary of the whole ' human race, without particular instruction for each separate case, to act and speak in the name of everv individual. It is the power of endowing the:- creatures:: of his imagination with such self-existent energy, thafcThey -after wards act "in .such "conjunct are according to general laws of .nature : the poet institutes, as it were, experiments,! which are received with . as - much authority, ; as if ihey had heen made on real objects. Kevbr, perhaps,, was . there so comprehensive: tw talent Tor- : the- delineation' of character as: Shakspeare's. Ifc n'ot only .grasps the -di ver-: si ties of rank, sex, and. ager down -to,, the d aw nings. of Mfttncy; not - only do the .king .and the beggar, the hero and the pickpocket,. the. . skge aiid'theldiotv speak < and -act i with -equal; -truth ; nbfc «uily> does .he transport- himself to, t distant ages and foreign nations, .and portray in the'mosfc accurate manner, .witlionly .a few apparent 1 violations, of costume,:- the .'-spirit "of the ancient Romans,. of ' the ;French In -their wars With'- the English, of. the English them selves during a great part of their history, . of i-ihe Bdutbern Europeaos..(:in the '.serious -part bf many -comedies), the , cultivated .society of that time, and the fanner rude-and .barbarous state dflihe ' North his .human characters have nbtso nly such .depth, and . precision' that . ! c$i$tofc and ' . -y are inexhaustible, even in 'conception .5— mo-— this- Prometheus not merely forms men, -he opens the .gates- of ' .the magical - world of spirits j calls up the midnight ghost ; ex hibits before us>his. -witches amidst their un hallowed mysteries | peoples the air with sportive fairies .and sylphs : — -and, these beings existing only in imagination, possess .such truth rand consistency, that, even when de formed monsters like Caliban, he extorts -the conviction, that if there should be such beings, they would so conduct themsel ves In a word, as lie carried with him the most fruitful and daring fancy into the -kingdom of nature,—- on the other band, he carries nature into the regions of fancy, lying beyond the confin es 6f reality. We are lost i n asto- i nishment at seeing the extraordinary, the wonderful, and the unheard of, in such: inti mate nearness. " If Shakspeare deserves our admiration for his characters, he is equally deserving it for his exhibition of passion, taking this Word in its widest signification, as including every | mental condition, every tone from indif-; ference or familiar mirth to the wildest rage ' and despair. He gives us the history bf. minds, j he lays open to us, in a single word, : a whol series of preceding conditions. His ; passioni do not at first riand displayed to us in all ttaeir height, as is the case With so many tragic poets, who, In the language of' Lessing, are thorough i masters of the legal; style cif love. He paints in & most inimitable I manner,- the gradual progress from 'the first j origin. He gives,' as Tiessing Says, living picture of all the 'most ; minute and j secret "aft ifices-hy "Which afeeling < steals into j our souls; of all the imperceptible :advan-| tages which it there gains; ; of all the. strata- 1 ,geulis by which -every other passion is made j -subservient to. it, till -it becomes -the sblej tyrant of our ? desire -.and our aversions, J Of t all npdets, perhaps, ihe lalone has ^por trayed the mental diseases, .melancholy, delirium, lunacy, with .such inexpressible, and, in eveiry respect, definite triith,' that the; physician may enrich his observations from, them in the same manner as from rest!' cases J And ;yet Jonson has' Objected 'to. baks-i ' peace that his 'pathos- is 'not 'always natural and 'free from affectation. There areit Is true, passages, though, Comparatively speak-' log, very few, where his poetry exceeds the bounds of 'true dialogue, where a tee soaring imagination, a too luxuriant Wit, rendered The complete dramatic TorgetMOess -Of him self impossible. With this exception, "the censure originates ' only in vaTanei3css way of | 'thinking, to which -'every : thing appears ;un-| natural that doe3 not '..suit its own ; tame insi-j pidity. Hence, an idea' has been 'formed ofl simple and natural pathos, which consists in | .exclamations destitute of imagery- and nowisej elevated above every-day life. But energe-l ' ticsil 'passions electrify'the -whdle of the men-! tal"po wers, and 'will, .eonsequentlyv in highly; favoured natures, express themselves In an; ingenius. and -;'figurative manner. It has; often- been remarked/ that indignation ?givesj wit; and, as despair- . .occasionally, breaks out into laughter. It may sometimes . also ..give \- vent- to Itself in- antithetical. comparisons. " Besides, the -rights ,.of . .the; poetical form have . not - been duly weighed. . .Shakspeare, who? was; always sure of his object, to mov.e, in .-a -.-suffictentiy -powerful .manner when -.he wished. ' to do so, has pccasionaSly, hj w- dulging In, a freer ply , -purposely .moderated the impressions when too. painful, and imme diately introduced & musical alleviation of our-sympafhy . He- had $iot -those -rude ideas of his-art which many moderns seem to have, as -if the -poet, like the:clown- inthe-proVerb, must strike twice on the same place. An ancient rhetorician deli vered a caution against dwelling too long on the excitation of pityj for nothing,: he said, dries so soon las tearai 'and Shakspeare: acted conformably to this in- genius maxim -withoutknowing it. " The objection, that "Shakspeare wounds Our feelings by the open display of the most disgusting moral odiousness, harrows up the mind unmercifullv, and tortures even our minds by the exhibition of the most insup portable and hateful spectacles, is one of much greater im poriance. ITe lias never, in fact, varnished over wild and blood thirsty passions with «a pleasing ektefibr---never dlothed crime and want of principle with a fake show of greatness of soiil; and In that respect he is every way deserving of 'praise. Twice he has portrayed downright villains ; and the masterly way in wrhich he has con trived to elude impressioiis of too painful 'a nature, may be seen in lago and -BichaM the Third. ""-The t5onstartt"':-:'rbfe®enoe to va petty and puny 'race ; must ; cripple the bold ness of the poet . Forttmatelyfor his art, Shakspeare livedrin an -age extremely suscep tible of noble and tender impressions, 1 but which had Still enough of ' the firmness inhe rited from 1 a vigorous oklen > time, not to shrink back with dismay from every Strong and violent picture. "We" "have lived to- see tragedies of Which the catastrophe ! consists in the swoon of The enamoured princess. Tf 'Shakspeare falls occasionally into the>oppo site extreme, it is a noble error, originating -in the fullness of a gigantic 'Strength : ' and 'yet this tragical Titan, who storms the heavens, and threatens to tear the world from off its hinges ; Who/more fruitful than ijEehylus, makes our -hair stand on end, and -congeals otir: blood with horror, possessed at' the sanie f im e, 1 the in ein uating loveliness of the sweetesfc poetry. He plays with Ibvolilce a child ; and Ms songs; are breathed out like- melting sighSe. He finites in - his genius : !the utmost elevation andTho utmost depth ; 'and the most' foreign, and. even apparently irreebnnleableproperti'es, subsist in him peaeeUMy ''together. The world of spirits and nature have laid arll their treasures at his feet. ' In strength a demK god, in profundity of view -a prophet,In - seeing wisdom a protecting spirit of a? higher order, he lowers himself to mortals, a's if run- conscious of his superiority ; and bis a 'OpeU and unassuming as a child;"'5 a '. 4qHMHa0wnHBiiraBHnMWMMwniwMriMM \- V— — »— «- ' . - ' NaMml' .sity in, the. Island- .of ' jPenang-:whi never seen eke wherenamely ,ihev truiupet beetle.. .-.Although pot .large Itself, Jt .has la long trumpet-shaped proboscis, or Idiod -4f .feeler,- from which it emits- so. loud.', and long a sound, among the woods by, the rooun tains' sides, that yo.u could -scarcely believe that any insect could send forth such a tone. Ifc gave one more"th"e idea of the 'sound Which a bird- might utter ; such, "for instance, "as that of the ' bell-bird, -or :th'e whip-bird, ; or , the 'lajioMn laekass I vernacularf'v " teet with in ' lN ew ' Bohth ' 'WSte's; 'Nemesis, : ; ' .. . " ' 