AUSTRALIAN CORN. ( From the Wigtonshire Free Press.) Mr. Forbes 'Mackenzie is not the only man in the House of Commons, nor the only man in the Ministry, who thinks it \- dangerous to do a little; but rieht to. do inuch. He unluckily blurted out the new maxim, when, he announced that the Maynooth vote of 2000/. a-year was so -«rery mischievous, because- it was so very limited, but that all the evil vanished when multiplied by. three. Pope has told ps that ; .. . , , -A' little learning is a dangerous thing : Mr. Torbes , Mackenzie has applied, the doctrine to theological teaching : he bids ns ' Drink .deep, or taste not of the f Roman'' spring , and - now the last importation of -poli tical doctrine from PeCbleshire has been , applauded in the House of Commons, and found an echo from the Premier himself. The Chartists have been acting throughout on the principle of opposing all - concessions, unless the five . points were to be acceded. Corn-law repeal, and protection to the present electors, nay, household suffrage itself, were all denounced; because the men, who would grant freedom: of trade' and the' ballot, would not swallow universal suffrage and equal electoral districts. As some men are said to hate most intensely those who most closely resemble themselves, so did the Chartists oppose most the 'Whigs and the prompters of the Reform Bill. Other men doubted the wisdom, all reprobated the policy of this refusal, to take good measures by instalments ; but as the sys- tem has received the meed of Sir Robert Peel's approbation, and has been stamped with the seal of official propriety. Henceforth we may assume it as a Tory axiom, - that what is right in principle is wrong in detail ; and, vice versa, that which is most wrong in detail, is most wrong in principle. This rule was indeed first promulgated ' when Mr. Gladstone pronounced the doc trines of free trade to be the doctrines of common sense, . . and when the Premier declared it to be the first duty of a- com mercial country to buy in the cheapest and sell in the dearest market, and then, in the face of these avowals, when these same political leaders forced a protecting duty upon corn in its most objectionable shape of a sliding scale. To the -heads of the Government belong the merit of laying down the general principle, and then resisting its practical application, unless taken in its entirety. The humble followers of the great political quack of the day have no other claim to distinction than a willing acquiescence in this absur dity. And when Mr. Mackenzie is jeered for his apparent inconsistency, he ought manfully to avow that he only follows out the ministerial rule; that whoever takes office under Peel must -be prepared to subscribe the same test ; and that, of all his underlings, it may, with the ut most, truth, be affirmed— " One suit of motley is their common wear." The latest application of the official theory was made last week, when Mr. Hult demanded an act of pure justice for the Australian colonies. Corn, the pro duce of Canada or corn, the produce of the United States, if made into -flour in Canada,— may be brought into this country at a rate of duty so low that it is merely nominal. . Hitherto the impor tation has not been large, because the act has been only for a short time in operation ; the corn-growers and mer chants of Canada have not yet had ;time to make-their arrangements, and to- get into the new system ; but tlie quantity has gradually increased. Mills aTe in the pourse of erection oriall thegreat streams ? bordering the United States, and before long a plentiful supply may be expected. This will not render us independent ' of foreign supplies, but it will add materi ally to the stock'for home consumption. 1$ is. admitted that we ought to treat our colonies as we treat any integral part of the mother.country ; ai d, moreover, that it is most misehievouS to favour any one colony, either at the expense of this country or of any other of our yast pos- sessionsi Up to the present time- in deed, and with the West Indian colonies in particular, it has been too much the fashion to go to. the other extreme, and to grant, privileges and immunities which were detrimental to the interests of Great Britain herself. For many . years ;> we have been inclined to favour the sugar monopolists in the colonies; and to maxe the consumers here pay for the exclusive privilege. In the case ofCanada wehave recently acted upon a different and a better rule ; "we opened to. her the mar kets of oiirown country, and we benefitted jthe -consumers here at the same time as the producers there. From Canada there -was a prospect of obtaining something . like a plentiful supply : Canada had been in a state of rebellion : she had cost us three millions and a half to bring her back to her allegiance : and the Premier, whose rqle is to give everything to inti midation and force, ana nothing to reason, and, moreover, to give largely, or not to give at all, forced the Canada Corn Bill upon the alarmed agriculturists of this country. In common fairness Australia asked for a participation - in the same benefits ; she too was a part of our cor": lonial possessions : she had just 'leornt that she could produce corn in quantities large enough for her own consumption, and- with a trifle to spare : as a proofi she had sent a sample home to be ex hibited at the , Anti-Corn Law League Bazaar : and she wished to participate in . the honour of feeding us. Her people were industrious ; they had been loyal -:' . they had not required a battalion of : the: guards to keep down insurrection, . inoi?: the suspension of the constitution, > to -bring - back peace and contentment; Moreover she had made rapid strides in jthedevelopement. of herr resources, - was costing the mother country very little money or care, and was likely to want less. Nay, she was isolated in her posi-r tion; and wgs not able to smuggle the corn of foreign countries into her districts and re-export it as the growth of her own soil. She had neither the chance of fraud to provide against, nor the necessity of constant supervision. To -ordinary observers, the case of Australia would have' aippeared even stronger than that of Canada: it would have been thought that the fair carrying ont of a principle wonld have induced the Premier to admit the just claims of .this distant province. But no. He was inexorable. Australia was not Canada, any more than it was New Zealand or Otaheite : geographically the Premier was quite correct ; but Australia did not present those claims to Tory considera? tion which violence had procured for Canada; Australia had never given any trouble, and so she. had no right to ex pect any favour. This was reason num ber one ; but reason the second was an exemplification of Mr. -Mackenzie's rule : Canada could send us a large quantity of corn,— i-poor" Australia had buifa trifling; surplus ; to bestow ; we: might well take from the great giver, but we are com pelled to refuse the lesser offer. Poor Australia . Her sins are great, because: they are so small ; and to foHow up the logic-— 1 Then were they greatest, we're they none at all/ The "agricultural mind" can't bear alarming; about trifles': it is only when a great injury is to be inflicted that tlie strength is to be : summoned to bear the shock : petty disturbances are..not-tb "Be endured in ..the agricultural system : the boon, though small to grant, is large to: receive ; but its very smallness to the giver makes its xefu'sal : irepe;ative. Such is the .dictum of the sapient leaders, "of the combined monopolists- at home: such is the way in which a mighty nation is to be ruled ; and on such rules are we to cement the Sections of our cbiohiid dependencies. V Much asr the preisenf "House of Com-r mons has disgraced itself during the pre sent session, it never cut such a pitiable figure as it did amidst the taunts of the free, traders, and the sound arguments of Mr. Baring and Mr. Hutt. When there is a piece of injustice to be done, there is a ready majority to do it : arguments and facts are alike lost upon the land lords' majority. They can wheel and twist as they are bid ; but they never consent to any following oat of any rule. The Grand-Antipodean and Hemisphe rical Junction Railway, between Glasgow and Sydney. — The projectors of this rail way have determined on carrying out the recommendations of the Board - of Trade in favour of - the most direct lines ; and on taking a" terrestrial globe — such as fhose used at schools— it will be found that an iron rod stuck into it at Glas gow and driven completely through, will come out at Sydney. It is therefore obvious that the most direct road to the antipodes would be a straight tunnel car ried through the centre pf- the world di rect— forming a great trunk line, from which branches might be carried to all the mines in every part of the earth, so that gold could - be brought straight from Golconda to Glasgow, and thence by railway to the- London market. The benefit to the. potteries can only be con ceived by those who know the value of clay.Tj'rought up in its pure -state from the centre of the earth, while the chance of the precious metals which may be come upon in the course o'f the cuttings will be another of the peculiar advantages of this undertaking. It -is obvims that the principle of gravitation will cause the trains to travel -at a rate hitherto wholly, unattainable, as far. as the centre of gravity, to which point it is proposed to carry the line at present. There will .consequently be a succession of down trains only, in the first instance, but the up trains will ibe put on as soon as a magnetic apparatus, now under consi deration. by. the, provisional committee, has been completely organized. It will be seen that no steam being necessary, no explosion need be apprehended, and there being neither smole nor hot water — the latter being often productive of bubbles— the usual fate of many rail road; projects cannot, in this instance, be looked for. Parties desirous of spending a short time at the centreof gravity, for the purpose of inspecting the interesting relics with which that favoured locality abounds, will have an opportunity of doing so; but there will be. fast trains Tunning jightthrough. without stoppager Ihe momentum acquired in the descent -of the down trains being quite sufficient to convert it into an up train without any additional power. Further particulars may be obtained of Fudge, Brothers, and. Co., . brokers, Glasgow. - April 1, 1815\. — Punch. ! . - Convict Establishments,— The expense .of the hulks last year at Portsmouth, Chatham, "Woolwich, at Bermuda and Gibraltar, was (according to a parliamen-, tary paper issued on Saturday) £54195, whilst; the earnings of the convicts arnounted to a662,l95. On the 31st of December last the number of convicts WRS-3,l-60,-of which 2, 202- were in-Eng- lapd, 1,330 in -Bermuda, and 313. in Gibraltar. The reports of the different chaplains are very satisfactory.- tSunday Times , May 18. ' The fortifications -of- paris arer" to be armed - with ,220S norar, , cannon, or. hoiriizersof 'which ' 50 are to be Paix- han-s guns, 5350 m u s ke ts f or. the r am-: mparts;. r200;000, infantry muskets, /l 500 fusees, 1,0,00,000 projectiles,' &c.; Cyme of the /Duke of Wellington's Failure as a Minister. — The Duke of Wellington brought to the post of first minister immortal-fame ; a quality of suc cess which would almost seem to include all others. His public knowledge was such as might be expected from one whose conduct already formed an important por tion of the history of -Ms - country. He had a personal and intimate acquaintance with the sovereigns and chief statesmen of Europe, a kind of information in which English ministers have generally been deficient, but without which the manager ment of our. external affairs , must, at the best, be haphazard. He possessed ad ministrative talents of the highest order. The tone of the age, the temper of the country, the great qualities and, the high character of the minister, -indicated a long and prosperous administration. The only in dividaal in his cabinet, who, from a combination of circumstances rather than from any intellectual supremacy over his colleagues, was competent to be his rival, was content to be his successor. In his, most aspiring moments, Mr; Peel, in all probability, aimed at no higher reach ; and with youth aud the leadership of the House of Commons, onehas ncrreasoto be surprised at his moderation. The con viction that the Duke's government would only cease with . the. termination of his public career was To gen that the "moment be was installed in hffice, the Whigs s railed on him.; political ; concilia : tion became the slang of the day, and the fusion of parties the babble of clubs and the tattle of boudoirs. Hpw comes it th en that 'so great a m an, in so great a position, . should have so signally = failed ; —should have broken up his governMent, wrecked his pdrty, aiiii 1 so .completely anhihilated " his political position. that, even with his historical:; reputation to sustain him, he can since only re-appear in the councils of his sovereigns in a subordinate, hpt td say equivocal" charac ter ? With all those "great -qualities which will secure him a place in bur his tory not perhaps , inferior . even to MarL ; borodgh, the Duke of Weffl&igton; has one deficiency, which has been the stumbling- block of his civil career. Bishop Bur net,. in speculating, on the: extraordinary influence of Lord Shaftesbury, and ac counting how a statesman, so inconsistent in his conduct and so false to his confe derates, should have so powerfully con-, trolled his country; observes, "His strength lay in hia knowledge of Eng land.'' Now, that is exactly, the kind of knowledge which the Duke of Wellington never, possessed. — -Dr Israeli's " Sybil." The , French and English.--". The one effect of the last- war ought to be to excite in both nations the greatest mu tual respect. France, with the aid of half Europe, could not conquer England ; England, with the aid of all Europe; never could have overcome France, had France been zealous and united in Napo; leon's quarrel. When Napoleon saw kings and princes bowing before him at Dresden, Wellington was-advancing vic toriously in Spain ; when a million of men in 1815 were invading France, Na-; poleon engaged for three days with two armies each. singly equal to his own, and was for two days victorious. Equally and utterly false are the follies uttered by silly men of both couneries about the cer-? tainty of Englishmen and Frenchmen meet in war, each may know that they will meet in each other all a soldieris qualities; skill, activity, and undaunted courage; with bodies - ables to do the bidding of the spirit, either in action or endurance. England aud France may do each! other incalculable mischief by going to war, both physically and morally ; but they can gain for themselves, or hope to gain,", nothing. It were an accursed wish in either to wish to destroy the other, and happily the wish would be as utterly vain: as it would be wicked."— Stanleg'q Life, of Dr. Arnold, vol. ii., p. 431. i ; A Courteous Shadows A young lady,; known to the present writer, was terrified one night, by seeing, at the foot of ber; 1 bed, a tall shadow, making perpetualobei-: ; sances.. .Though it is quite natual that beauty should be in the receipt of homage, the damsel, accustomed to adulation at other times, was alarmed by such intru sion at " the dead waste and middle of the night." Hiding. her head under tbe bedclothes, she summoned her scattered spirits,;, took counsel within herself, and, having recovered her presence ef mind, looked with a' scrutinizing eye: at the phantom, There it was; still making sa laams, according to. the eastern mode of adoration. . A . figure of the. other world!" thought she. " "Dreadful!"; How far.- she might have blamed her at traction for bringing such unwelcome visitats no one couldtell but 'her. self- possession had: acquired strength ; >and self-possession is fatal to ghosts, whether their advent be to worship' 6'r to terrify. She alose, went to the window, and de tected the '' cause of the effect." Her house was -on the.border of a suburban by -lane, and a gas-lamp ' standing there -had projected intoThe room 'a shadow of an intermediate tree, whosej branches swayed in the nightTbreeze.' - She .took care? afterwards r. to : close the shutters.— Ainswortli s Magazine. '' Another Monster Packet-ship.- — It is said -tliat- the, -keel of-a-new-- paoketrship, to be of. 1500" tons, is immediately to be laid in one' of 1 the ship -yards in New York. She is to be called the James K. Polk, and, is, we, are , told, , to. surpass the Henry 'Clay, launched last week.Ae York Heraid. : An aristocratic Irishman, speaking of his native country, said it was an execra- Bleiplace ; 'in i fact: the only thing worth owning- in vitLwas :tlie: whisky. : " You mCan1 to'say then/5 said a waggish friend M that, with' alt Her "faults, -you love he, still." Surgeons in Emigrants &ipai4;:The;Lords.T of the Treasury have had under, consider, ation a communication from the Cpstoms' Board; requesting to beinformed, whether Vessels, bound to North America with passengers, are required" to carry a . Sur geon, Mr Card well -has .received direcr tions to acquaint .the Board that their Lordships -are of -opinion -that Vessels conveying passengers to North America should, under the circumstances stated, he relieved from the obligation of carrying a surgeon, pending the decision bf Far? liament on the subject, with reference to the 15th section of- the _5th and 6th Victoria, cap. 107, and- the 18th section of 7th and 8th Victoria, cap. 112, which; requires all vessels carrying 100 passenr gers; and also vessels going a voyage of the duration of twelve weeks, having 50 passengers on board, to hire on board, asione of her complement, a person duly authorised by law to practice in the United Kingdom as a physician,1 surgeon,: or apothecary, under a penalty of £\ 99 in each case of default. ... To Destroy Rats.— One quaft of the best Oatmeal ; .2 ounces of ; finely- powr- -dered loaf-sugar ; -. 6 . drops oih of Rho dium.; 6 drops oil of Garra way ; 6 drops oil- of Aniseed ; Musk, £ of a grain. Mix well together on a sheet of elean pa per with a knife, taking every possible care, to break the small lumpsTdrmed by the drops of oil in the oatmeal ; also -not -to touch the mixture with the hands» .Keep it in a closely eovered pot for use. Choose a yery quiet, retired place, much Tfequenled by raU ; place on six qr eight pieces of clean board about two table- spoo'nsfall of the food for at /least four nights successively, taking care to ieinove all that the rats have not consumed every morning; in so doing, disturb the Tats as little as possible, and on no' account whatbfeO strike 'or kill them, even should they be found tame enough to be caught by the hand. In the course of four or :five days, they will become tame, and will scarcely leijiye the feed on the approach of any person. They will scent each other, and Will probably con gregate from all parts' bf the neighbour hood. Continue to ' feed them nightly until they are found to eat freely ; then, abont the sixth night, mix a small teas- spoonful of arsenic with the powder ; and after leaving it all - night, remove what may remain; and burn it. The publica tion states that a rat has.no gall, for which reason the smallest quantity of the poison, if taken by them, will be found to insure their destruction. They will retreat to their haunts, where; feeling an intolerable thirst, most of them will drink water and die. Few will remain to tell the tale, if these directions are attended to ; but care must be taken not to use too much ar senic, on the account of its extreme acidity, or their natural insti|pt will: be sure.: to detetfthem from swallowing any part of the poison.— JET. The Premier. — -Dr .Arpold; in a lette? dated25thNovember, 1836;said,"Peel has an idea, about the currency and: a distinct impression. I. would, therefore, trust him for- not yielding to clamonr on that point ; but about most matters, and especially about the church, 'he seems to have no idea, and I would not trust him for not giving, it all up, to-morrow, if the clamour were loud enough ". Discovery of Lithographic: Stone in Canada.— -The Montreal Herald: states that Mr Logan, who is whll known by geologists for ; his researches in Canada, has in a recent survey of the Upper -Pro vince discovered near Lake Siracoe, and explored to the extent of 60 or .70- miles, a great ..bed of lithographic stone. If true, this will prove of great importance to the art, as Germany has hitherto been the only source of supply, and thata most limited one, owing to the distance from any port of shipment. Abolition of Gretna Green-Marriages. -One of the nine bills brought in by Lord Brougham a few, evenings since . in the -House of Lords,: and just printed, is a ;bUl ." for amending and declaring the law of marriage." The first clause of this proposed act declares, that frpin. and after the 1st of January next, no mar riage solemnized in Scotland shall be valid, either in Scotland or any other part of the" United Kingdom; or of the dominions belonging, thereto, unless both the parties were born in Scotland, or had their, most usual place of residence there, or had lived in Scotland for three weeks next preceding such marriage ; " any Jaw, custom, or usage, to the contrary not withstanding;" The bill -proposes - to \- enact that -all children who are legitimate in Scotland shall be -deemed so in all -parts . of- the United -Kingdom-; and further, that all. marriages and; divorces, valid by the law of Scotland, shall be deemed so in "all parts of the United Kingdom. The- bill -finally declares that all persons .forging - marriage certificates; arn to be liable to> transportation for life or any smaller terra the court before which : they may be tried may think fit to awardl The ..German -papers give currency- to 4_be-! statement That M. - Liebig;T h e cce - lebrated professor of chemistry at the University df Giessen, has discovered a mineral substance, which when combined with guano, will produce one of the.most fertilising manures known. It is added that a jointstock compamwith a capital of ;12Q,000L sterKnflpposed for the most partofvlMyHlh capitalists, .yrasUjippeiy ' on thq discovery being i.%iprformed for the purpose of carrying ran upon a large scale the manufacture of the new compound. Among the subscrib ers are, however, several eminent profes sors of agriculture; who, according to1 the Impartial Du Rhin, give out that the application of this substance to the cul ture of lands will produce an entire revolution in the agricultural- systcmi /Comparative /Expenses of Stone and Iron Bridges, pWo eanpothelpnoticingThe vast difference between the cost of stone bridges and those on the suspension principle. Westminster bridge, jaow absolutely a disgraceful heap. pf . ruins, cost half :a million sterling for the work nnder water alone, and the total structure two and a-haf millions-; Waterloo and London,Bridges, we believe, each exceeded two millions ; and the Southwark .iron bridge, -with stone piers, a massive snd- elegant structure, was completed for 8650,000; while the Hungerford sus pension bt idgehas cost Jittlemorethan 1OO;00O, and - that under many adverse circumstances causing delay and expense. An Awkward Blunder.— A valuable collection of .books, presented by the French Chamber of Deputies to the Gon- gress at Washington, hs jst Been sold by auction, at the custom-nouse of 'New- York, to defray the duties,- which no party had taken the trouble tp satisfy. It is well Ihis national slight .was not. perpetrated on the banks of the Thames ; we should have found it no easy matter to purge ourselves of that contempt in .the eyes of our irritable neighbours. It will, probably, create no great sqreness, happening where it has,— -the senate hav ing taken the -necessary steps to disavow all participation in. the insult on. the part of the" Americans or th.eir representatives, and the press being unanimous in its in? dtgnation. The directing committee of the . congressional library has . been qr? dered' to investigate tiie lenses mid au thors qf this singular mistake, to reclaim the books,; and to offer thanks ; and expla nations to the French Governments— English paper . Dr. Forster, of Findrassie, near Elgin produced 104 bushels of chevalier sbari(ey from a single acre, by the applipation of electricity. . The cost of the electric ap paratus was 361 per apre» and it wll ' lasl for twenty years. : . . Jt rhaving been recently ffiscorered that the whole of the architrave of St. Raul's . Cathedral is Composed :of : white„m workmen" within the lat few days Have been busily employed in removing the thick coating of black paint with which for years it had been covered, revealing, as they proceed, carvings of the most beautiful description. The project. of a metropolitan Railway tunnel is beginning to be seriously enter tained, and a prospectus has been issued, pointing out its practicability. It is pro posed that this subterranean railway should commence at -Hyde Park corner, and have intermediate stations at each chief thoroughfare, with a street front age. : The gibbet has not fifteen years life in it. If in 1 860, fifteen years hence, there shall'-he a death punishment existing, if :we. shall, still be in this world together, reproach- me with being the falsest pro?, phet, the veriest fool, that ever presumed , tortalk of the advancing spirit of the times.— Lora jyugent. . flNBaSBSBBBBMBHnnnBWMManMBSKIRnMMni 