CHURCH OF ST. BENEDICT, ABERCROM- BIE PLACE, PARRAMATTA STREET. As the hour of nine approached on Monday last, the time fixed for laying the corner stone of the above church, numerous parties were to be seen wending their way from the several quarters of the city in the direction of the new church. St. Patrick's benefit society, bearing their splendid banner and accompanied by the excellent band of St. Patrick's Total Abstinence Society, arrived in due time at Abercrombie Place. His Grace the Archbishop, attended by the Right Rev. Dr. Epalle, and the Very Rev. the Vicar General, had previously reached the site. The Catholic clergy of Sydney and the missionaries destined for the apostolic labours of the South Sea Islands, were also present to take their respective parts in the solemn cerenony. The number of spectators was very considerable, at the least calcu- lation from two to three thousand. The Bishops and clergy having vested in the school adjoioing the new church, preceded by a cross bearer, the acolytes, and the Religious of the Order of St. Benedict, with a numerous train of boys, wearing surplices, moved to the spot intended' for the future altar, where a cross had been previously erected; the ecclesiastical choir in the mean time intoned the antiphon Signum Salutes &c.;, with the 83rd salm O quam delecta Tabernacula. After this, the Archbishop, standing without his mitre, said the following prayer :- "O Lord God, who, though the heavens and earth contain Thee not, yet deignest to possess a temple on earth, in which thy name may be called upon continually; we beseech thee, the merits of the blessed Mary, ever Virgin, of St. Benedict, and of all the Saints interceding for us, visit this place with the serene regard of thy clemency, purify it through tile infusion of thy grace, and preserve it henceforth from all defilement; and, as thou didst perfect the devotion of thy beloved servant David, in the work of Solomon, his son, so vouchsafe to accomplish in this work the desires, of our hearts; and may all spirits of mali- ciousness be put hence in flight away. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, thy Son, who livest and reignest with thee, in the unity of the Holy Ghost, God, world-without end, Amen." The Archbishop then returned to the corner stone, and having blessed the same in the manner pres- cribed in the pontifical, his Grace, then standing wearing a plain white mitre and leaning on his pastoral staff, addressed the assembled multitude on the nature and solemnity of the present ceremony. He observed that though the ignorant or bigotted might look on such ceremony asso much idle pomp, or superstitious exhibition, yet to the sincere Christian nothing was dearer or more venerated than the rite of imploring the blessing of God on that place where a temple was to to dedicated to his most holy name. It is true, indeed con- tiuued his Grace, that the who's universe. is, or should be, but one immense temple made for the Living God, and that the Almighty has no need of material temples buillt by the hand. of man; but that man has much need of these sacred edifices, wherein he may bend his knee in acts of adoration and supplication to his Creator; and as we know that the primeval fall of men has brought a curse onthe earth, to which in the lan- guage of St. Paul every creature "is made subject even until now," and in order to release the material elements from this primeval malediction, the Church uses in the words of the same Apostlle prayer and the word of God, in order that the things and places set apart for divine worship may be thus purified and rerdered in same manner fitted for their sacred purpose. Nothing was higher or holier in the estimation of King David of old, than to build a Temple to his God, yet this honour was denied him, for he was a man of blood, and it was reserved for his son and successor, the peaceful Solomon; but David did all in his power to for- ward the cherished object of his heart: laid up vast treasures for the purpose and procured the, most precious materials for the work; and when the Temple was commenced under the auspiciouns reign - of Solomon, the people vied with each other in holy emulation, who should bring in most silver and gold wherewith to build the house of the Lord. Those who had not these piecious gifts came forward with their humble offerings such as they posseassed, in order to have some share in the glorious work of erecting a temple to the Most High; and so should you, my Christian Brethren, continued His Grace, come forward with pious alacrity, in initation of the Israelites of old, to co-operate, in this good work, to which a serene sky, a bright sun, and we trust a propitious heaven seem to promise a happy termi- nation, I may use the words of St. Chrysostom, said His Grace, who on an occasion similar to the pre- sent said, " Some build splendid sepulchres that posterity may hear of their fame; are these to be most admired, or you who raise up Churches? Only think, you will have a reward even to the coming of Christ, if you build an altar to his namne. Tell me, should the Emperor command you to prepare a house for him to dwell amongst you, would you not set every means in motion? But now it is the kingly Church of Christ which you build. Do not reckon the expense, but count the fruit. Whilat others cultivate the earth, do you cultivate their souls. They bring you the fruit of the earth, do you carry them to heaven. He who begins the wok is the cause of all. What a thing it is to go and enter the Houese of God, and to see that even you built it; to cast yourself down, and after that repose of body, to be present at the morning and evening hymns. To have the priest with you in your dwelling, and conversing with you; to enjoy his blessing; to see others coming in to share this with you. This is a wall of ac- curity, - this the protection of your possessions - this that field of which it was said, 'The order of the full field, which the Lord has blessed.' " The Archbishop, Bishop Epalle, the Vicar- General, and the other clergy then laid their offer- ings on the foundation stone, and the people with the most praiseworthy and generous emulation imi- tated this example; the band in the meanwhile played some enlivening airs. At the close of the offerings the very satisfactory, announcement was made that that the munificent sum of £305 had been received. The remaining part of the ceremony was then proceeded with, when the Litany of the Saints was sung, and the 126th, 60th, 86th, and 121st. psalms were intoned while the Bishops and Clergy pro- ceeded along the foundations sprinkling them with blessed water and reciting the appropriate prayers. On returning to the corner stone which had been by this time placed in its proper position, the Arch- bishop intoned the hymn Veni Creator, and the choir sang the same in alternate verses. His Grace then addressed the surrounding spectators from the stone and remarked on the concluding words of the inscription on the plate, that from this auspicious commencement he entertained the most lively hope of a presperous termination; and he further re- marked that he proposed to form a society on the plan of St. Patrick's for this part of the city; and that he was sure that the residents of this locality and all others interested in the Church of St. Benedict would emulate in their noble exertions the Society of St. Patrick, which has done so much honour to themselves and religion by the erection of a Church in the opposite direction of the city; and for this purpose he invited them to meet him in the adjoining school house on the evening of Sunday week next, at the hour of seven o'clock. After this His Grace gave his solemn pontifical benediction to the people, who then departed much edified with the proceedings of the day. A Brass Plate, bearing a Latin inscription to the following effect, was placed in the Foundation Stone, viz.: "That John Bede Polding, Arch- bishop of Sydney, laid the corner stone of this Church, dedicated to Almighty God, in honour of St. Benedict, on the 21st day of July, 1845, in the Pontificate of Gregory the 16th, and ninth year of the reign of Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Sir George Gipps, Knight, being Governor of the Colony, John Morris, Builder. " A beautiful silver trowel, manufactured for the occasion by Messrs. Birnstiugl, of George- street, having a drawing of the Church engraved thereon, was presented by the builder, Mr. John Morris, to his Grace thie Archbishop, when he was about to lay the cement under the stone. The erection of the work has so far redounded to the credit of the builder, and the Church promises to be a great ornament to that end of the city. 