l?HE TREASONABLE SPIRIT OF POPERY. If we believe the Papists themselves, or at least the professions of the priests who serve in the -mass- ho uses, and of their other accredited organs. Popery is the essence of loyalty and patriotism. "No do.ibtbut they are the people, and good faith .and faliy shall die with them. But it is fortunate 4ut the woildthat the canons arid decretals of Rome remain in tables of brass, to be a never-perishing 'memorial of her blood thirsty wars of extermina tion, and to give the lie in her foul throat to all her protestations of brotherly love and political integ rity. The system which begau in an unwarrant able assumption and lordship over Gi d's heritage, was gradually developed in persecution of the. s .ints of the Most High, until the Harlot became -drunk with the blood -of the martyrs of -Jesus, and -the Kings of the earth committed fornication with 'her. Iu her drunken orgies, she kicked crowns from the heads of sovereigns, and set her foot on their necks, and the inhabitants of the earth were made dtuuk with the wine -of he-r fornication, aud compelled to receive on their foreheads and in their hands themavk of the beast. But this galling and degrading yoke was at length throiyn off; the Chris tian religiou was once 'inore openly preached in its primitive purity 4 and the vile counterfeit which had so long deceived the major part of the world was exposed to just and indignant abhorrence. In .England the -torch of truth was rekindled — its rglorious flame arose from the burning bodies ol Latimer aod Ridley, and, by God's blessing, it shall never be extinguished. It is, then, no wonder 4hat England should be an especial object of hatred to Rome, seeing that England has ever since the Reformation, opposed an invincible barrier to her encroachment. Yes, it is to heretic England that tthe world is indebted not only for its emancipation, but for its subsequent preservation, from the iron jaws of the Inquisition. Finding herself utterly unable to compete with England in Cair discussion or honourable warfare' — if indeed such terms can have any significance when used in connection with the abominations ol Popery — finding herself, we say, totally defeated in controversy, and unable to effect her diabolical designs by fire and sword — unable, in short, to celebrate the feast of Saint Bartholomew in the original style of 15/2 — the policy of Rome in late years has been to assume an air of the greatest charity and brotherly kindness towards the world. It is her cue to wear the willow and sit forlorn by the wayside, entreating the compassion of the passer-by. Poor injured creature I She who was aforetime the persecutor, is now, if her own reite rated asseverations are to be credited, the victim of persecution ; and England, which formerly suf fered such severe maltreatment at her hands, is now a sanguinary despot 5 " like the Romans, (the Papists of the heathen world, sheseems to delight in bloody" her government is characterised as a system of " tyranny, wrong, and misrule and her nobles are styled " the dastardly faction a lj of which is be explained in one single wotd — Eng-land is A PROTESTANT .country ; her sons will not receive the mark cf the beast, nor worship his image. Is this imagination ? We have this rery lan guage before us in the accredited organ of Popery in this Colony. The prospect of a war with America makes the dirt of the Chronicle come out more -dirtily than usual — his finders must have tingled with delight as he penned the following effusion: — " But it is as concern Ireland, that we regard this ., thunder cloud which seems to approach, with more in-, tense interest. Can England venture -to go-to war while Ireland continues in a fever of discontent? All her dis posable troops are employed in Ireland to support a tyrant landlordism, and an exotic church ; can they with- draw these while the intolerable wrongs of the Irish people are unredressed, and their souls burning with re- sentment ? If England thus rushes into war, s/ie perils the safety of her empire ! She cannot inju e America by invasions; her vast extent, and her twenty .millions of people render her invulnerable to the assault of any army Great Britain can command. The war must be naval. England may attack her commerce— but the Yaukees know very well how to retaliate ; they will cover the ocean with privateers; they will carry off in- calculable wealth in British prizes ; England may thus be the greatest sufferer. But end how or when it will, and however deplorable .in other respects, a war with America cannot but be pro ductive of good to Ireland ; and the more it may abate the pride of England, by so muck the more fu I of hope for the oppressed and despoiled people of Ireland! Such are the fruits of tyranny, wrong, and misrule! Such is. the heart-rending position of Ireland now, ti:at her gallant sons the most zealously loyal— the moil chi valrously devoted people in 'Europe to their sovereign see no hope of redress of their grievances, but in the humble arrogance of the English oligarchy'! Some may; affect wonder at this ; but we reply, read history. When were the most brutal and horrible of the penal' laws enacted ? When the victories of Marlborough, in 4704, gave the dastardly faction insolent confidence and impunity ! When was the first link struck from the manacles of Ireland? in 1788 when the rifles of the Yankees at Sayaloga taught England a new lesson in war; when was the second ? When Dumourier at Ge - mappes in 1793 showed the vaunting Aristucrates el London that France was not to be conquered ; when the third ? in 1829 when the indignant demand of eight millions of men forced it from the iron Soul of Welling- ton, ana tne sona Digotry ol lieorge IV ; We shall sec when the last— Casliereagh's blood stained and ab horred unien, will be torn to rags; it may be sooner than some expect." A 'tirade of such unparalleled atrocity and trai torous falsehood it has seldom been our lot fo peruse, even in the Chronicle. And yet, aftei all, it is with difficulty that we repress & smile, when we recal the thousand and one protestations of the -Great Dan, echoed by the Sydney -sympathizers that the Repealers were all men of peace— that the monster meetings were not called for the pur pose of intimidating the Government — that they only sought the attainment of their objects by Con stitutional means, and that it was not separation from, but independence of, Eugland, which was the summit of their desires. We remember such statements being palmed off upon a simple public which was thus hoodwinked with considerable suc cess, notwithstanding the contemporaneous publica tion of inflammatory articles and songs in " The Nation,' notwithstanding the emotions of hatred against the '« Saxons,' aroused by allusions to events which had happened on the spots chosen for their Brobdingnagiun gatherings. But the deceit was too gross to escape detection ; and while the rational portion of the population were beginning to recover from the state of partial stupefaction in which they had too long supinely lain, the British Government tool; a decided step, and sent the ring leaders in the mutinous movement to gaol. From gaol they escaped by the special interposition 'of the great Popish goddess Mary, but they found alj their schemes to raise a fresh rebellion ineffectual. Repeal died .a natural death ; and though a sort of ghost, in the -shape of Federalism, subsequently appeared to certain lovers of the marvellous though even Dan himself declared his faith in the apparition — the excitement had so-completely sub sided that the Agitator's fine words not only did not butter a single parsnip, but did not even make a single Iiish mouth water. Ireland, in fact, is for Ireland, in a state -of wonderful tranquillity ; scarcely a single Protestant has been murdered since Dan got out of gaol.; and the people are beginning fully to comprehend how egregiously they "have suffered themselves to be led by the nose, and to acknowledge that the hated Saxons are in realty their, truest friends. Such being the state of Ireland, is it not ridicu lous to see the little contemptible puddle of the Chronicle lashing itself into a tempest of wrath against England—against that countiy -through which Ireland has acquired the only real blessings she enjoys ? "Can England venture to go to war while Ireland continues in a fever of discontent ?" Truly this is a grave enquiry, and one which we might think it worth while to answer, beyond the driveller who wrote it wonid thank us for our. pains. We confess, that, for ourselves, we are not much alarmed for the safety of the British Empirp, which, according to this learned Theban, is in such emminent peril ; nor do we believe that the British Government, if driven to arms by the impertinence of the American President, will es teem it of the slightest moment whether the Papists of Ireland like it or not. We doubt whether the blustraiious ''demands of eight millions of men" will /owe " the iron Soul of Wellington" to yie'd one iota of principle. From mistaken policy we fear too much has already been yielded ; but not an atom of concession will ever be wrung from what this antipodean traitor calls " the humbled arrogance of the English oligarchy." In all this, however, to return to our first re. mark, the true character of Popery is to be dis cerned. Notwithstanding her general assumption of. the attitude of the injured party — notwithstand ing her multitudinous array of grievances, and her reverberated preachments of her own meekness and patience, the cloven foot of the beast will oc casionally peep out from beneath the scarlet gar ment of Babylon. The wolf will still be a wolf, though he speak with the tongue, and bear the fleece of the lamb ; and Popery is still Popery, though it assumes the simplicity of Christianity, and calls the heretics of England " Beloved fellow- Christians i" (Vide Dr. Murray's Letter to the Protestants of England.) " Some may affect wonder at this ; but we reply, read history ;" they will then be satisfied that Popery i3 not only unchanged, but unchangeable. She cannot cease to arrogate universal domination, without damnifying her claim to infallibility. She cannot repeal a single Canon ; she cannot revoke a single bull ; she cannot abandon a single posi tion, without acknowledging herself, as all the world knows her to be, an Arch-imposter and de ceiver. All her pretended loyally and charily are therefore to bewegarded as a mask, put on to con ceal the hideous deformities of her countenance ; and it is well, that not only -the light of past his tory, but the intemperate zeal of her sons in the present -day, enable us to tear off the mask, and expose her innate cruelty and treason .to the indig nation of the world. The scribe of the Chronicle has done the Pro testants ol Australia a sigual service. He has held up the horrible character of Popish politics, in so conspicuous a point of view, that it will in deed be strange if Protestants are subsequently deceived. Suppose on- American frigate to enter Port Jackson, (which might easily; be done in its present defenceless state, it requires little penetra tion to see ihat-the sympathies of a large portion of the population of the Colony will, if they act up to principles of the treasonable religion they proiess be enlisted on the side of the invaders. The Chronicle tells us plainly, in his paper of Saturday that the American hostility to England " has been principally fostered by a reliance on Irish discon tent . For Irish, read Popish , and the statement is perfectly true.; and there is Popish discontent enough In the -Colony to fo3ter an amount of Yankee hostility sufficient to 'place the whole terri tory in the hands of those upstart republicans — if there was not also a considerable infusion of Pro testant blood among us. Yes ! let the blood thirsty buccaneers of Folk cornel let every Popish sympathizer unite in giving them welcome:1, there are Protestant 'Prentice Boys enough here to slam the gates of the City in their faces, and make the welkin ring with undaunted cries of " No Surrender !" 