"TAKE NO THOUGHT FOR THE MORROW !" This Scriptural exhortation was exem- <*> plified in a very affecting manner at St Cyr, A woman being in extremis sent for the last succours of religion. The Driest went, attended by Martin, the beadle of the parish. To reach the room of the dying person, they had to ascend a stair case so extremely steep and nairow, that Martin could not help being struck with the difficulty there would be in getting the coffined body of the woman down it, after death for interment. His mind was so pre-occupied with this idea, that throughout tne morning he could not help repealing it to every one he met, and was talking ot it at tinnier, when he him self was suddenly struck with apoplexy, and died before the question which caused him so much anxiety could be solved, by the departure from this life of the eick woman. — Galignani. In a single century, four thousand mil lion of human beings appear on ihe face of the earth, act their many parts, and sink into the grave. SAGACITY OF A CAT. Cats are undoubtedly the least remark able for intellectual prowess of any race of animals of creation, hut a grimalkin be longing to one of those aris'ocra«ic-looking mansions, which add so much to the pic. turesque beauty of the Lake district, is now regularly performing feats equal to any ever performed by a four-footed crea ture. At the house alluded to (which we must omit to name), the inmates had been regularly aroused every morning by a loud knocking at the dv ,r, a s if some one was in a hurry to gain admittance, and still on going to the door nothing could be found • and lime was when it would have been be lieved that the •• Dell had business on his hand," yet, though the days of ghosts and goblins are gone, fears were actually entertained lhat some supernatural agency was at work, and as the rapping wasquite regular, it was agreed to watch the door ; and accordingly one night early, when the full moon was shining clearly, a person was secreted near the door, but had not waited long before a favourite cat delibe rately climbed up the knocker, and gave rap, rap, with first-ra?e ingenuity, and, on the door being opened, leaped down and walkedjn. Thus was the mystery cleared up. The cat had before gone in anno. ticca. Pu*: :;o.t 1 rrlcriiis ibis- feat «, regularly as clockwork every evening. •Should any naturalist doubt the veracity of this tale, he shall be instructed, on giving a hint, where he may see pussy perform her ingenious trick.— ffestnwrelandGa- zette. SIR WALTER SCOTT'S MEMORY. Cunningham (the late Allan) spoke very partially of Scott* who was a great friend of his. I asked him if he credited the power of Scott's memory in reciting ihe whole of Campbell's *v Pleasures of Hop.;," after a slight perusal of the manuscript. He doubted the truth, as Campbell and Scott were not intimate, beiug opposite in political opinions. He, however, fully be lieved in Scott's ability to do bo. His fricud, James Hegg, he said told him, that when reciting one of his own (Hogg's) ballads to Sir Walter Scott, he stuck fast and could uot proceed. Scott said to him, " I'll try, Jamie, if I can recollect it." With 'his he went through the whole of the ballad, though it was three years since he had heard it. Such was the powerful memory of this great genius. — Tivcedel's Yorkshire Miscellany. 