A BEAUTIFUL SPEECH. (From Simmond's Colonial Magazine.) Among the budget of curious papers we re ceived by the last steamer from our attentive agent at Boston, was a copy of the Natchez Free Trader , on running over the columns of which we found a perfect gem of Indian eloquence. It purports to be a speech of Colonel Cobb, the celebrated half-breed Chief of the Choctaws, made in reply to J. J. M'Rae, Esq., the agent for enrolling and emigrating the Indians to the West of the Mississippi, who had made a speech to the Indians, about one thousand in number, as sembled at Hopahka, informing them that " their council fires no more could be kindled here that "their warriors can have no field for their glory, and that their spirits will decay with them ; and that if they should take the hand of their great father, the Pre sident, which is now offered to them to lead to their western homes, then will their hopes be higher-r-their destinies brighter." The Natchez Courier appropriately says of this bit of eloquence, that for comprehends siveness and brevity, for beauty of diction and force, for affecting sublimity and pro priety of sentiment, they have never seen any production to exceed it. W e publish it as a epmposition%orthy to be preserved te Speech of Colonel Cobb, Head Mingo of the Choctaws East of the Mississippi, in reply to the Agent of the United States . " Brother — We have heard your talk as from the lips of our father, the great White Chief at Washington, and my people have called upon me to spfeak to you. The red man has no books, and when he wishes to make known his views like his father before him, he speaks from his mouth. He is afraid of writing. — When he speaks he knows what he says— the Great Spirit hears him. Writing is the invention of the pale faces; it gives birth to error and to feuds. The Great Spirit talks — we hear him in the thunder — in the rushing winds and the mighty waters \--but he never writes. " Brother — When you were young, we were strong; we fought by your side; but our arms are now broken. You have grown large — my people have become small. "Brother— My voice is weak; you can scarcely hear me ; it is not the, shout of a warrior, but the wail of an infant. I have lost it in mourning over the misfortunes of my people. These are their graves, and in those aged pines you hear the ghosts of the departed ; their ashes are here, and we have been left to protect them. Our warriors are nearly all gone to the far country west ; but here are our dead. Shall we go too, and give their bones to, the wolves ? " Brother— Two sleeps have passed since we heard your talk. We have thought upon it--You ask us to leave our country, and tell us it is our Father's wish. We would not desire to displease our Father. We respect him, and vou are his child : but the Choctaw always thinks, we want time to answer. " Brother- — Our hearts are full. Twelve winters ago our Chiefs sold our country. Every warrior that you see here was opposed to the treaty. If the dead could have been counted, it could never have been made ; but, \alas ! although they stood around, they could nqt be seen or heard. Their tears came in the rain-drops, and their voices on the wailing wind ; but the pale faces knew it not, and our land was taken away. "Brother — We do not now complain. The Choctaw suffers, but he never weeps. You have the strong arm, and we cannot resist ; but the pale face worships the Great Spirit — so does the red man. The Great Spirit loves truth. When you took our country, you promised us land. There is your promise in the book. Twelve times have the trees dropped their leaves, and yet we have received no land. Our houses have been taken from us. The white man's plough turns up the bones of our fathers. We dare not kindle our fires, and yet you said we might remain, and you would give us land. " Brother— Is this truth ? But we believe, j now our Great Father knows our condition, he will listen to us. We are as mourning orphans in our country ; but our Father will take us by the hand. When he fulfils his promise, we will answer his talk : he means well— we know it ; but we cannot think now. Grief has made children of us. When our business is settled, we shall be men again, and talk to our Great; Father about what he has promised. . " Brother-- You stand in the moccasins of a great chief ; you spoke the words of a mighty nation, and your talk was long. My people are small ;— their shadows scarcely reach to your knee— they are scattered and gone. When I shout, I hear my voice in the depths of the woods, but no answering shout comes back : my words, therefore, are few. I have nothing more to say, but to tell what I have said to the tall chief of the pale aces whose brother William Tyler, of Vir ginia, brother to the President of the United States, recently appointed one of the Choctaw Commissioners stands by your side." Mr. Hood on Over-taxed and Under-paid \ Labour. — "As my works testify, I am of the working class myself, and in my working sphere furnish employment for many hands, including paper-makers, draughtsmen, en- gragers, compositors, pressmen, binders, folders, and stitchers, and critics, all re ceiving a fair day's work. My gains conse quently are limited— not nearly so enormous as have been realized upon shirts, slops, shawls, &c; — curiously illustrating how a man or a woman might be c clothed with curses as with a garment.' My fortune may be expressed without a long row of those ciphers — -O's, at once significant of hundreds of thousands of pounds, and as many ejacu lations of pain and sorrow from dependent slaves. My health might all be hoarded, if I were miserly, in a gallipot or a tin snuff box. My guineas placed edge to edge, in stead of extending from the Minories to Golden-square, would barely reach from home to Broad-street. My riches would hardly allow me a roll in them, thank God ! no reproach clings to my coin. No tears or blood clog the meshes, no hair plucked in desperation, is knitted with the silk of my lean purse. No consumptive sempstress can point at me with her bony finger, and say f For thee, seiving in forma pauperis , I am become this living skeleton !' or hold up to roe her fatal needle, as one through the eye' of which the scriptural camel must pass ere I may hope to enter heaven. No withered work-woman, shaking at roe her dripping, suicidal locks, can cry, in a piercing voice, 6 For thee, and for six poor pence I em broidered eighty flowers on this veil, literally a veil of tears.' No famishing labourer, his joints racked with toil, holds out to me 'in the palm of his broad hand, seven miserable shillings, and mutters, ' For these and a parish loaf, for six long days, from dawn till dark, through hot and cold, through wet and dry, I tilled thy land !' My short sleeps are peaceful, my dreams untroubled. No "ghastly phantoms with reproachful faces, and silence more terrible than speech, haunt my quiet pillow." Something about the " Reader "— That well known agent in the world of literature, " the Reader ! " is a personage who, from the birth-day of typography to the present hour, has experienced one invariable and enviable fate — he has never had a single syllable spoken against him. He is the only creature that ever lived of whom there has been at all times but good report. Everybody, in every age, has been run down, except the Reader ! Seas of ink have been exhausted in establish ing upon triumphant grounds the blackness of human nature, but not a drop has ever fallen upon the " Reader s" character. 