THE IRISH MATCHMAKER. by williafic carleton. Though this word at a glance may be said to explain ilse', yet lest our English and Scotch readers might not clearly understand its meaning, we shall briefly give them such a definition of it as will enable tliern tocom- ipreht-nd it in its full extent. The Irish Matchmaker, then, is a person selected to conduct reciprocity treaties of the heart between lovers themselves in the first in stance, or, where the principal parties are indifferent, between their respective families, when the latter happen to be of opinion that it is a safer and more prudent thing to consult the interest of the young folk rather than their inclination. In short, the Matchmaker is the person engaged in carrying from one party to another all the messages, letters, tokens, presents, and secret communi cations of the tender passion, in whatever shape or cha racter the said patties may deem it proper to transmit them. The Matchmaker, therefore is a general negocia- tor in all such matters of love or interest as are designed by the principals or their friends to terminate in the honourable bond of marriage for with nothing morally _ improper or. licentious, or annroaching to the charade, of an intrigue, will the regular Irish Matchmaker have anything at all to do; The Matchmaker, therefore, after all, is only the creature -of necessity, and is never en gaged by an Irishman unless to remove such preliminary- obstacles as may stand in the way of his own direct operations. In point of tact, the Matchmaker is nothing but a pioneer, who, after the plan of the attack has been laid down, clears away some of the rougher difficulties, until the regular advance is made, the siege opened in due form, aud the citadel successfully entered by the princi pal parly. We have said thus much to prevent our fair neigh bours of England and Scotland from imagining that be cause such a character as the Irish Matchmaker exists at all, Irishmen are personally deficient in that fluent -energy which is-so necessary to express the emotions oi the tender passion Addison has proved to the satisfac tion or any rational mind that modesty and assurance are inseperable— that a blushing face may accompany a courageous, nay, a desperate heart — and that, on the contrary, an abundance of assurance may be associated with a very handsome degree of modesty. In love matters, I grant, modesty is the forte of an Irishman, whose character in this respect has been unconsciously hit off hy the poet Indeed he may be truly termed vultus iitgenui puer, ingenuique pudoris ; which means, when translated, that in looking for a wife, an Irish man is "a boy of an easy face, and very remarkable modesty." At the head of the Matchmakers, and far above all -competitors, stands the -Irish Midwife, of whose abilities in this way it is impossible to speak too highly. And let not our readers imagine that the duties which devolve upon her, as well as upon matchmakers in- general, are slight or easily discharged. To conduct a matter of this kind ably, great tact, knowledge of character, and very delicate handling, are necessary. To be incorruptible, faithful to both parties, not to give offence to either, and to ohvitte detection in case of seqret bias or partiality, demand talents of no common order. The amount of fortune is often to be regulated— the good qualities of the panies placed in the best, or, what is often still more judicious, in the most suitable light — and when there happens to be a scarcity of the commodity, it must be furnished from her own invention. The miser is to be softened, the contemptuous tone of the purse-proud bodagh lowered without offence, the crafty cajoled, and sometimes the unsuspecting overreached. Now, all this requires an able hand, as matchmaking in general among the Irish does. Indeed I question whether the wiliest politician that ever attempted to manage a treaty ol peace between two-hostile powers could have a morediffi cult card to play than often falls to the I ol of the Irish Matchmaker. The Midwife, however, from her confidential inter- -courze with the sex, and the respect with which both young and old of them look upon her, is peculiarly well qualified for the office. She has seen the youth shoot up and tipen into the young man-— she has seen the young man m»rged into the husband, and the husband very fiequrnily lost in'the wtfe. -Now, the marks and tokens by which she noted all this are as perceptible in the young of this day as they were in the young o! -fifty years ago ; she consequently knows from experience how to manage each patty, so as to bring about the consumma tion which she so devoutly wi>hes. Upon second thoughts, however, we are inclined to think after all that the right of precedence upon this point does not exclusively belong to the Midwife; or at least, that there exists another person who contests it with her so strongly that we are scarcely capable "of de termining their respective claims ; this is the Cosherer. The Cosherer in Ireland is a woman who goes from one relation's house to another, from friend to friend,. from aquaintance to acquaintance— is always welcome,, aud uniformly well treated. The very extent of her connexions makes her independent ; so that if she re ceives an affiont, otherwise a cold reception, from one, she never feels it to affect her comfort, but on the con trary carries it about with her in the shape of a com plaint to the res', and details it with such a rich spirit of vituperative enjoyment, that we believe in our soul seme of her friends, knowing what healthful occupation it gives her, actually affront her from pure kindness. The Cosherer is the very impersonation of fndustry. Unless when asleep, no mortal living ever saw her hands idle Her principal employment is knitting; and whether she sits, stands, or walks, there she is with the enjl of the s ocking under her arm, knit, kr.it, knitting. She also tews and quills ; and whenever a quilling is going lor_ ward, she can tell you at once in whaiueighbours hous the quilting frame was used last, and where it is to be now had ; and when it has been got, she is all bustle and business, ordering and commanding about her — -her laree red three-cornered pincushion hanging conspicu ously at her side, a lump of chalk in one hand, and a coil of twine in the other, ready to mark the pattern, whether it be wave, square, or diamond. The Cosherer is always dressed with neatness and comfort, but generally wears something about her that reminds one of a day gone by. and may be considered as the lingering remnants of some old custom that has fallen into disuse. This, slight as it is, endears her to many, for it stands out as the memorial of some uld, and perhaps affecting associations, which at its very appearance are called out from the heart in which they were slumber, iog. It is impossible to imagine a happier life than that of the Cosherer. She has evidently no trouble, no care, no children, nor any of the various claims of life, to disturb or encumber her. Wherever she goes she is made, and finds herself, perfectly at home. The whole business of her life is carrying about intelligence, making and pro jecting matches, singing old songs and telling old stories, which she frequently does with a feeling and unction not often to be met with. She will sing you the different sets and variations of the old airs, repeat the history and traditions of old families, recite ranns, interpret dreams, give the origin of old local customs, and tell; a ghost story in a style that would make your hair stand on end . She ia a bit of a doctress, too — an extensive herbalist, and is very skilful and lucky among children. In short, she is a perfect Gentleman's Magazine in her way—a regular repertory of traditionary .lore, a collector and distributor of social antiquities, dealing in every thing that is tiicewoin or old, and handling it with such a quiet and antique air, that one would imagine her life to be a life not of years but of centuries, and that . she had passed the greater portion of -it, long as it was, -in " wan dering by the shores of old romance." Such a woman the reader will at once perceive is a for midable competitor for popular confidence with the Mid wife. Indeed there is but one consideration alone upon which we would be inclined to admit that the latter has any advantage over — and it is, that she is the Midwife; a word which is a tower of strength to her, not only against all professional opponents, but against such analogous characters as would intrude even up»n any of her subordinate or collateral offices; As matchmakers it is extremely difficult to decide between her and the Cosherer; so much so, indeed, that we are disposed to leave the claim for priority undetermined. . In this res pect each pulls in the same harness ; and as they are so well matched, we will allow them to jog on side hy side, drawing the youngsters of the neighbouring villages slowly but surely towards the land of matrimony. In humble country life, as in high life, we find in na ture the same principles and motives of action. Let not the speculating mother of rank, nor the husband-hunt ing dowager, imagine for a moment that the-.plans, stra tagems, lures, and trap-falls, with which they endeavour to secure some wealthy fool for their daughters, are not known and practised — ay, and with as much subtlety and circumvention too — by the very humblest of their own sex. In these matters they fiave iiot one whit of superiority over the lowest, sharpest, and most fraudu lent gossip of a country village, where the arts of women are almost as sagaciously practised, and the small scandal as ably detailed, as in the highest circles of fashion. The third great master of - the art of matchmaking is the Skanahits, who is nothmgmore or less than the coun ternart of the Cosherer : lor as the Cosherer is never of the male sex, so the Shanahus never works; and the latter is a far superior authority in old popalar pro phecy and genealogy. As a matchmaker, however, the Shanahus comes infinitely short of the Cosherer; for the truth is, that this branch of diplomacy falls natnrally within the manoeuvring and intriguing spirit of a woman. Our readers are not to understand that in Ireland there exists, like the fiddler or dancing-master, a dis tinct character openly known by the appellation o! matchmaker. No such thing. On the contrary, the negociations they undertake are all nerformed under /alse colours. The business, in fact, is close and secret and always carried on with the profoundest mystery veiled by tbe sanction of some other ostensible occu pation. One ol the best-specimens of the kind we evermtf was old Rose Mohan, or, as she was called, Moan, a name, we doubt, fearfully expressive of the consequences which too frequently followed her own negociations. Rose wn« a tirly creature of middle size, who always went dressed in a short crimson cloak mucb faded, a striped red and blue drugget petticoat, and a heather- coloured gvuvn of the same fabric. When walking, which she did with the aid of a light hazel 3taff hooked at the top, she generally kept the hood of the cloak over her head, which gave to her whole figure a picturesque effect ; and when she threw it back, one could not help admiring how well her small but symmetrical features agreed with the dowd cap of white linen, with a plain musliu border, which she wore. A pair of biue stock ings and sharp-pqinted shoes high in the heels com pleted her dress. Her features were good natured and Irish ; but there lay over the whole countenance an ex pression of quickness and sagacity, contracted no doubt by a habitual exercise of penetration and ciicnmspec- tion. At the time I saw her she was very old, and I believe had the reputation of being the last in that part of the country who was known to go about from bouse to house spinning on the distaff, an instrument which has now passed away, being more conveniently replaced by the spinning-wheel. The manner and style of Rose's visits were different from those of any other who cou'd come to a farmer's house, or even to an humble cottage, for to the inmates of both were her services equally rendered. Let us sup pose, for instance, -the whole female part of a farmer's family assembled of a summer evening about five o'clock, each engaged in some domestic employment : in runs a lad who has been sporting about, breathlessly exclaiming, whilst his eyes are lit up with delight, " Mother ! mother! here's Rose Moan coming down the boreen I" " Get out, aviok; no, she's not." " Bad cess to me but she is; that 1 may never stir if she isn't! Now !" The whole family are instantly at the door to see if it be she, with the exception of the prettiest of them ail, Kitty, who sits at her wheel, and immediately begins to croon over an old Irish air which is sadly out of tune; and well do we know, notwithstanding the mellow tones of that sweet voice, why it is so, and also why that youthful cheek in which health and beauty meet, is now the colour of crimson. "Oh, l.osha,acushla, darlin', a hundred thousand welcomes to yon!) Och, rnuslia, what kept you away "so long, Rose ? Sure you won't lave us this month o' Sundays Rose ?" are only a few of the cordial expressions of hospitality and kind ness with which she is "received. But Kitty, whose cheek but a moment ago was carmine, why is it now so pale as the lily? "An' what news, Rose?" asks one of Iter sisters ; " sure you'll tell us every thing: won't you-?" " Throth, avillish, I have no bad news, any liow — an' as to tellin' yon all— Biddy, Ihig dumb, let me alone. No I have no bad news, God be praised, but good news." Kilty's cheek is ayain crimson, and her lips, ripe and red as cherries, expand with the sweet soft smile of ber country, exhibiting a set of teeth for which many a countess would barter thousands, and giving out a breath more delicious than the fragrance ofa summer meadow.. Oh, no wonder, indeed, that the kind heart of Rose con tains in its-recesses a message to her as tender as ever was transmitted from man to woman ! "An/ Kitty, acushla, wbere's the welcome fromiyou that's my favourite? Now don't be jealous, childre sure you all know she is, an' ever an' always was." ' "If it's not upon my lips, it's in my hearl, Rose, an from that heart you're welcome !" She rises up and kisses Rose, who gives her one glance of meaning, accompanied by the slightest imagin able smile, and a gentle but significant pressure of ihe hands, which thrills to her hearl and diffuses a sense oi ecstacy through her whole spirit. Nothing now remains but the opportunity, which is equally sought for by Rose and her, to hear without interruption, the purport of her lover's communication ; and this we leave to lovers to imagine. In Ireland, however -odd it -may seem, there occur among the very poorest classes Some of the hatdest and most penurious bargains in matchmaking that ever were heard of or known. Now, strangers might imagine thai all this, close higgling proceeds from a spirit naturally near and sordid, but it |s not so. The real secret of it lies in the poverty and Necessity of the parties, and chiefly in the bitter experience of their parents, who having come together in a state of destitution, are anxious each as much at the expense of the other as possible, to prevent their children from experiencing the same priva tion and misery which they themselves felt. Many a fme have matches been suspended or altogether bioken off because one party refuses to give his son a slip ot a pig, or another his daughter a pair of blankets ; and it was no unusual thing for a matchmaker to say, " Never mind ; I have it all settled but the slip." One might naturally wonder why those who are so shrewd and pro vident upon this subject do not strive to prevent early marriages where the poverty is so great. So unques- tionably they ought, but it is a settled usage of the country, and one too which Irishmen have ever been in the habit of considering as an evil. We have no doubt that if they once began to reasonrupou it as such, they would be very strongly disposed to check a custom which has been the means of involving themselves and their unhappy offspring in misery, penury, and not un- frequently in guilt itself. Rose, like many others in this world who a-e not con scious of the same failing, smelt strongly of the shop j in other words, her conversation had a strong matrimo nial tendency. No two beings'ever lived so decidedly antithetical to each other in this point of view as the Matchmaker and tbe Keener. Mention tbe name of an individual or a family to the Keener, and the medium through which her memory passes back to them is that of ber professed employment — a mourner at wakes and funerals. " Don't you know young Kelly of Tamlaglit ?" " 1 do, avick," replies the Keener, " and what about him ?" " Why he was married to-day mornin' to ould Jack M'Cluskey's daughter." " Well, God grant them luck an' happiness, poor things ! I do indeed remimber his father's wake and funeral well— ould Risthard Kelly of. Tamlaglit — a da- cent corpse he made for bis years, an well he looked. But indeed I knew by the colour that sted in his cheeks, an' the limbs remainin' soople for the twenty-four hours nfther his departure, that some of the family ud' follow him afore the year was out; an' so she did. Tbe younest daughter, poor thing, by raison of a could she got, over-hentin' herself at a dance, was stretched be side him that very day was eleven months ; and God knows it was from the heart my grief Came for her— to see the poor handsome colleen laid low so soon. But when a gallopin' consumption sets in, avourrieen, sure we all know what's to happen. In Crockaniskac-hurch yard they sleep— the Lord make both their beds in heaven this day !'' The very reverse of this, but at the same time as inveterately professional, was Rose Moa$. " God save yon, Rose." " God save you kindly, avick. Eh'!— let me look at you. Aren't you red Billy M'Guirk's sou from Bal- lagh ?" "'I am, Rose. An,' Rose, how is yourself an' the world gettin'an ?" " Can't complain, dear, in such times; How are yez all at home, alanna ? " Faix, middhn' well, Rase, thank God an' you. You heard of my granduncle's death, big Ntd.M'Coul ?" " 1 did, avick, God rest him. Sure it's well I remim ber his weddin', poor man, by the same at ken that I know one that helped him on wid it a thrifle. He was married in a blue coat and buckskins, an' wore a scarlet waistcoat that you'd see three miles off. Oh, well I re mimber it. An' whin he was settin' out that mornin' to the priest's house,' Ned,' says I, an' X fwhisbpered him, ' dhrop a button on the right knee afore you get the words said.' 'Thigh urn.' said he, wid a smile, an' he slipped ten thirteens into my hand as he spoke 1 I'll do it,' said he, and then a fig for the fairies !' — because you see if there's a button of the right knee left unbut toned, the fairies— this day's Friday, God stand betune us and harm ! — can do neither, hurt nor harm to sow 1 or body, an' sure that's a great blessin,' avick. He left two fine s'ips o' girls behind him." " He did so -as good-lookin' girls as there's in the parish " " Faix, an' kind mother for them, avick; She'll be marryin' agin, I'm judgin,' she bein' sich a fresh good lookin' woman. " Why, it's very likely, Rose." " Throth its natural, achora. What caualonewo" man do wid such a large farm upon her hands, widou" uuvuig sums one to manage it lor ner, an' prevent her from bein' imposed on ? But indeed the first thing she ought to do is to marry off her two girls widout loss of time, in regard that it's hard to say how a stepfather an' thiin might agree; and I've often known the mother herself, when she had a fresh family comiri' an her, to be as unnatural to her fatherless childre as if she was a stranger to thim, and that. the same blood did'nt run in their veins. Not saying that Mary M'Coul will or would act that way by he,r own-; for indeed sbe's come of a kind ould stock, an' ought to have a good heart. Tell her, avick, when you see her, that I'll spinel a day or two wid her — let me see — to morrow .will be Palm Sun day—why, about the Aisther holidays." " Indeed I will, Rose, with great pleasure." " An' fwhisper, dear.jist tell her that I've a thing to say to her — that I had a long dish o' discourse about her wid a friend «' mine. You won't forget now ?" " Oh the dickens a forget !" " Thank you. dear ; God mark vou to-grace, nvour- neen! When you're a little ouldher, maybe I'll be a friend to you jet." This last intimation was given with a kind of myste rious benevolence, very visable in ihe complacent shrewdness of her face, and with a twinkle in the ej'e, full ol grave humour and considerable self-importance, leaving the mind of the person she spoke to in such an agreeable uncertainty as rendered it a matter of -great difficulty to determine whether she was serious or only in jest, but at all events -throwing the'oiiusof inquiry upon him. The ease and tact with which Roseooald involve two young persons of opposite sexes in a mutual attachment, were very remarkable. In truth, she was. a. kind of ma trimonial incendiary, who went through the country holding her torch now. to this heart and again to that- first to one and then to another, until she had the parish more or less. in a And when we consider the combustible niateriais of which the Irish heart is com posed, it is no wonder indeed that the labour of taking the census in Ireland increases at such a rapid rate during tbe time that cla'pses between the periods of its being made out. If Rose, for instance, met a young woman of her acquaintance accidentally— and it was wonderful to think how regularly these accidental meet ings take place — she would address her probably some what as follows : — " Arra, Biddy Sullivan, how are you, a colleen ?" " Faix, bravely, thank you, Rose. How is yourself ?" " Indeed, thin, sorra hit o' the health we can com plain of, Bhried, ban-in' whin this pain in tile back comes upon us. The last time I seen your mother, Biddy, she -was complainin' of a weid. I hope she's betther, poor woman i " " Hut I bad scran to the thing ails her! She has as light a foot as e'er a one of us, an' can dance' Jackson's mornin' brush' as well as ever she could." " Throth, an' I'm proud to hear it. Och'! och ! 'Jackson's mornin' brush'!' and it was she thai could do it. Sure I remimber her wedding day like yestherday. Ay, far an' near her fame wint as a dancer, an' the clauest-made girl that ever came from Lishuie. Like yestherday do -I remimber it, an' how the squire him self an' the ladies from the Big House came down to see herself an' your father, the bride and bridegroom— an5 it wasn't on every hill head you'd get sich a. couple — dancin' the same 'Jackson's mornin' brush.' Oh! it was far and near ber fame wint for dancin' that. And is there no news wid you, Bhried, at all, all ?" "The sorra word, Rose; where tul f get news? Sure it's yonrself that's always, on the fut that ought to have the hews for us, Rose alive." " An' maybe I have too. I was spaikitP to a friend o' mine about you the other day." "A friendo' yours, Rose! Why, what friend could it be ?'' ' A fiiend «>' mine— ay.,an' of yours too. Maybe you have more friends than you think, Biddy— and kind ones too, .as' far as wishin' you well goes, 'tany rate. Ay have yoiii faix, an' friends that e'er a girl in the parish might be proud to hear named ih "the one day wid her. Awotih !" " Bedad we're in luck, thin, for that's more than I knew of. An' "who inuv these great friends of ours be Rose?" " Awouhl Faix, as dacent a boy as ever broke bread the same boy is, and,' says he, ' if I had goold in bnshelfuls, I'd think it too little for that girl but poor lad, lie's uotsoaisy or happy in his mind in regard o' that. ' I'm al'eard,' says; he,' that she'd put scorn upon me, an' not think me her aiquals. An' no more lam,' says he again. ' for where, aftherall, would you get tbe likes of Biddy Sullivan ?— Poor boy ! throth my heart aches for him I " Well, can't you fall in love wid him yourself, Rose, whn'ever he is ? . " Indeed, an' if I was at your age; it would be no. shame to me to do-so ; but, to tell you the thruth,the sorra often ever the likes of '-Paul Heffernanca.ueacrass me." " Paul Heffernan 1 Why Rose,"?' replied Biddy, smiling with the assumed lightness of indifference, " is,, that your beauty ? If it is, why keep him, an' make much of him." - " Oh, wurrah 1 the, differ there is between the hearts an' tongues of some people— one from another— an', the way they spaik behind others' backs ! Well, well, I'in sure that wasn't tlis way he spoke of you, Biddy; an' God forgive you for runnin' down the poor hoy as you're doin'. Trogs ! I believe you're the only girl would do it.' "Who, me! I'm uot rnutiin' him down. I'm neither runnin' him up nor down. I have neither good nor bad to say about him— the boy's a black slhranger to me, barrin to know, his face." "Faix, an' he's in consate wid you these three months past, an' intinds to lie at the dance on Friday next, in Jack Gomcrly's new house: Now, good" bye, alanna; keep-yotir own counsel till the time comes, an? mind what I said to you. It's not behind every ditch the likes of -Paul Heffernan grows. My blessin' be wid you !'' Thus would Rose depart just at the critical moment, for well she knew that by husbanding her information and leaving the heart something to find out, she took the most effectual steps to excite and sustain that kind of interest which is apt ultimately to ripen, even from its own agitation, into the attachment she is auxiovs to promote. The next day, by a meeting similarly accidental, she come? in contact with Paul Heffernan, who, honest lad, bad never probably bestowed a thought upon Biddy Sullivan in bis life. " Morrow ghudy Paul! -how is your father's son/ ahager?" "Motrom gkuteha , Rosel — my father's son wants nothin' but a good wife, Rosha." An' its not every set day or bonfire night that a good wife is to be had, Paul— that is, a good one, as you say for, throth, there's many o' tbem in the market sich as they are. I was talkin' about you to a friend of mine the other day— an', trogs, I'ui afeard you're not worth" all the abuse we gave you." "More power to you, Rose 1 I'm obliged to j'ou. But who is the friend in the manetime ?" " Poor girl ! Throth, when your name slipped out an her, the point of a rush would take a drop of blood out o' her cheek, the way she crimsoned up. ' An,' Rose,' says she, ' if ever I know you to breath it to man or niortual, my lips I'll never open to you to my dvin' day. Trogs, whin I looked at her, an' the tears standin in her purty black eyes, I thought I did'nt see a betther favoured girl, for both face and figure, this many a day, than the same Biddy Sullivan." " Biddy -Sullivan 1, Is. that long JacVs daughter of Cargah ?'' v " The same. But, Paul, avick, if a syllable o' what I tould you — " "Hut, Rosed honour bright! Do you think me a stag, that I'd go and inform on you ?" " Fwhishper, Paul; she'll be at the dance on Friday nextin Jack Gormly's new house. So bmuiaght Ikath an' think o' what I betrayed to you."" Thus did Rose very quietly and sagaciously bind two young hearts together, who probably might otherwise have never for a moment even thought of each other. Of course, when Paul and Biddy met at the dance on the following Friday, the one was the object of the closest attention to the other ; and each being prepared to witness strong proofs of attachment irom the oppo site party, everything fell out exactly according to their expectations. Sometimes it happens that a booby of a fellow during his calf love will employ a male friend to plead his suit with a pretty girl, who, if the principal party had spunk, might be very willing to marry him. To the credit of oar fair country women, however, belt said, than in scarcely one instance out of twenty does it happen, or has ever happened, that any. of them ever fails to punish the faint heart by bestowing the fay- lady upon what is called the blackfoot or spokesman whom he selects to make love for him. In such a case it is very naturally supposed that the latter will speak two words for himself and one for his friend, and indeed the result bears out the supposition. Now, nothing on earth gratifies the heart o! the established Matchmaker so much as to hear of such a disaster befalling a spoony. She exults over his misfortune for months, and publishes his shame to the uttermost bounds of her own little world, branding him as " a poor pitiful crature, who had not the courage to spaik up for himself or to employ them that could." In fact, she entertains much the same feeling against him that a regular physician would towards some weak-minded patient, who prefers the knavish ignorance of a quack to the skill and services of an able and educated medical practitioner. Characters like Rose are fast disappearing in Ireland : and indeed in a country where the means of life were generally inadequate to the wants of the population, they were calculated, however warmly the heart may look back upon the memory of their services, to ido more harm than good, by inducing young folks to enter into early and improvident marriages. They certainly sprang: up from a state of society not thoroughly formed by ptoper education and knowledge — where the lan guage ofa people too, was in many extensive districts in such a state of transition as in the interchange of af fection to render an interpreter absolutely necessary. We have ourselves witnessed marriages where the husband aud wife spoke the one English and the other Irish, each being able with difficulty to understand the other. In all . such cases Rose was invaluable,. She spoke Irih and English fluently, and indeed was acquainted with eveiy thing in tbe slightest or most remote degree ne cessary to the conduct of a love affair/ from the first glance up until the priest had pronounced the last words —or to speak more correctly, until " the throwing of the stocking." Rose was invariably placed upon the bob, which is the seat of comfort and honour at a farmer's fireside, aud there she'Sat neat and tidy, detailing all the news of the parish, telling them how such a marriage was one unbroken honeymoon — a sure proof by the way that she herself had a hand in it — and again, how another one did not turn out well, and she said so; ' there was al ways a bad dhrop in the Haggerties ; but, my dear girl the girl herself was for him; so as she made Iter own bed ahe must lie-in it, poor thing. Any way, thanks be to goodness I had nothing to do With it !" Rose was to be found in every fair or market, and al ways at a patticular place at a certain hour of the day, where the parties engaged in a courtship were sure to meet her on these occasions. She took a chirping glass., but never so as to become unsteady. Great deference was paid to everytiiing she said ; and if this was hot conceded to her, she extorted it with a high hand. No body living could drink a health with half the comic sig nificance that Rose threw into her eye wheD saying, " Well, young couple, here's everything as you wish it l'» Rose's motions from place to place were usually very slow, and for the best reason in the world, because she was frequently interrupted. For instance, if she met a young man on her way, ten to one but he stood and held a long and' earnest conversation with her ; and that it was both important and confidential, might easily be gathered from the fact that whenever a stranger passed, it was either suspended altogether, or carried on in so low a tone as to be inaudible. This held equally good with the girls. Many a time have I seen them retracing their steps, and p.obably walking back a mile or two, all the time engaged in discussing some topic evidently of more than ordinary interest to themselves. And when they shook hands and bade each other good bye, at what pace did the latter scamper homewards across fields and ditches, in order to make up for the time she had lost 1. Nobody ever saw Rose receive a penny of money, and yet when she took a fancy, it was beyond any doubt that she has often been known to assist j'oung folks in their early struggles ; but in no instance was the slight est aid ever afforded to any one whose union she had not herself been instrumental in bringing about. As to the when and the how she got this money, and the great quantity of famale apparel which she was known to possess, we think we see our readers smile at the sim plicity of those who may not be able to guess the seve ral sources from whence she obtained it; One other fact we must mention before we close this sketch of her character. There were some houses— we will not, for we dare not, say how many— into which Rose was never seen to enter. This, however, was not her fault. Every one knew that what she did, she did always for the best; and if some small bits of execra tion were occasionally levelled at her, it was not more than the parlies levelled at each other. All marriages cannot be happy ; and indeed it was a creditable prool of Rose Moan's sagacity that so few cf those effected through her instrumentality were unfortunate. Poor Rose ! matchmaking was the great business of your simple but not absolutely harmless life. You are long since, we trust, gone to that happy place where there are neither marryings not givingsin marriage, but where you will have a long Sabbath from your old habits aud tendencies: We love for more reasons than either one or two to think of your faded crimson cloak, peaked shoes, hazel staff, clear grey eye, and nose and chin that were lull of character. As you used to say yourself, bannaght lhath .'—my blessing be with you 1 