OPTICAL DELUSIONS AND GHOSTS. It may be laid down as a general maxim, that any one who thinks he has seen a ghost, may take the vision as a symptom that his bodily health is deranged. Let him, therefore, seek medical advice, and, ten to one, the spec- tre will no more haunt him. To see a ghost is, ipso facto, to be a subject for the physician. Every encouragement should be given to those who endeavour to account for the phenomenon by a natural solution. Of this kind is the fol- lowing attempt, in 1755, to answer the ques tion, Why naked spectres have, under certain influences of weather, been seen hovering over graves, fields of battle, &c.;:— "As a corpse dissolves, each species of particles returns to its element; the grosser to the earth, and the subtler to the air. These last pervade the pores of ground in which the corpse is laid, carrying with them some earthly particles, and are thereby hindered from sudden dissipation. Rising out of the ground in the order they lay whilst they compounded a mass, they represent a draft of the figure of which they were a part." Now, though we were not aware that such dreadful vapours were ever seen (they ma- nifest themselves to another sense pretty fre- quently in city Golgothas), and though the verity or error of the explication must be left to the decision of able physiologists, we honour the man who sought a rational, instead of an irrational cause for such spectre. To show how fond men are of the marvellous, it is only necessary to point to the story of a lady, buried before life was extinct, and who, having been roused from her trance by some one who came to rob her coffin, returned in the body to her husband's home, and lived many years afterwards. This, though it pro- bably had a veritable origin, was so tempting to the imagination as to find an abiding place, and to be specially related as having occurred in every part of Europe. England has claimed it in two or three counties ; so has Italy, Flan- ders, Germany, and France ; and it is reported to have happened in different centuries. Boc- caccio has recorded it, and so have many north- ern chroniclers. Now it is hardly within the doctrine of chances, that so astounding and peculiar an event could have happened, in all its particulars, more than once. But no mat- ter for that; it was a marvel and a mystery, and, therefore, was too good a thing for any nation to lose sight of in its exciting tradi- tions. Of this class of wonders—the more wonderful for being real—the following is the most ghastly relation extant. Doctor Craft gives many histories of persons, who, being interred alive, have expired in their graves and tombs, as has afterwards been dis- covered by various marks made not only in their sepulchres, but also in their own bodies. He, in a particular manner, makes mention of a young lady of Augsbourg, who, falling into a syncope (mistaken for death), was buried in a deep vault, without being covered with earth, because her friends thought it sufficient to have the vault carefully shut up. Some years after, however, one of the same family happening to die, the vault was opened, and the body of the young lady fcund on the stairs at its entry, without any fingers on the right hand! No ghost story in the world can compete with this in horror. One may laugh at phan- toms, but here is, indeed, a searing and hideous misery. But to return to the flagrant fallacies of ghost-craft, An edifying story is told of a haunted house, in which, it was said, an heir apparent had been murdered by his uncle. Dreadful, sounds, shrieks, and unearthly moanings were heard in the mansion (a baro- nial castle), and for nearly a century no one dared inhabit it. At length, one of the heroes of Waterloo, to whom the property descended, was determined to unravel the mystery, for which purpose he resolved to sleep in the castle alone, on the night he took possession. After his first sleep, the screams and hollow moans were, as usual, audible; and, leaving his bed, he followed the sounds till he arrived, as he thought, in their immediate vicinity. This was the great hall of his ancestors. The un- seen voice evidently came from behind the ar- ras in this place. Springing towards the spot, he ran his sword into it; but the blade was so fixed that he could not withdraw it. Having retraced his steps to his chamber, he betook himself to his couch, and slept till morning, when several persons called at the castle, inqui- ring if he had met the ghost. "O yes," he replied, "the disturber is now as dead as a door nail; he lies behind the screen, where my sword has transfixed him. Bring a crowbar and we'll haul the spectre out." With such a leader, and broad day to boot, the throng tore down the Ecreen where the sword was fixed, when, in a recess, they found the fragments of a chapel organ, of which the wooden trunks had, a hundred years ago, been used as props to shore up the work when the hall was re- paired. These had been forgotten; and the northern blast, finding its way through crannies in the wall, had played wild and discordant music on the pipes. The following curious instance of a musical ghost occurred in the writer's own family:—A lady having watched several nights by the bedside of her sister (a married woman), suf- fering under dangerous illness, was at length fairly exhausted by physical fatigue and anxi- ety. Long privation of sleep had worked its bewildering eflect. Further attendance was out of the question at that time. It was absolutely necessary that she should repair to her mo- ther's bouse, and recruit her strength and spi- rits, in order that she might better be able to resume her affectionate offices on behalf of one so dear to her; and her brother having under- taken to sit up with the patient's husband, and to communicate, in case of need, with his un- married sister, the latter set out on her return to the maternal home, there to find repose of which she stocd so excessively in need. Ut- terly weary, worn out, and plodding towards her residence, more by instinct than by perception of outward objects, she almost slept as she walked, and was only roused to consciousness by the sudden glare from a shop- window, produced by a strong light before a polished reflector. Look- ing about her, she could not distinctly remem- ber how she came to he where she was. She felt bewildered and alarmed. Being in the neighbourhood of one of her friends, she thought it would be prudent to call, and, distrustful of further progress in the street by herself, ask for some one to accompany her. Accordingly, at tended by a servant, she reached her home safely. But whether her somnolency while walking, or the shock she had received on ha- ving been startled into consciousness, or the extreme agitation under which she laboured on account of the critical state of her sister—whe- ther any or all these had brought about ner- vous irritability, certain it is that she had no tendency to sleep on sitting down in her own room, where she remained in a state of painful viligance—her thoughts meanwhile shapening themselves in all kinds of dreary prognostics. A piano-forte, closed up, was in her room; and, as the almost exhausted lady leaned back in her chair, she heard (so she thought) the keys of the instrument struck on a sudden by some unseen hand, which, after a wild and dis- mal prelude, performed a dirge-like melody. She had never before heard the air, nor could she imagine how so mournful, so ghastly, so funereal, so spiritual a character could be given to music. In the weakness of her fear, she started up, grasped the back of the chair for support, and ejaculated to herself "My sister is dead!—these sounds, which seem born of tears, announce to me her dissolution!" On a sudden the strains ceased; and the returning silence was quickly broken by loud knocking at the street-door. Gasping with terror, she stag- gered to open it, when her brother appeared. "Maria is just dead!" she shrieked; " you come to tell me so!" "Be calm, I beseech you," he replied ; "I bring you news from the physician that all danger is over, and that she will soon be well." The delight was too much. The poor watcher fainted in her brother's arms, was conveyed to bed, and, after a night's re- pose, waked happily at sunrise. The imaginary and presaging sonnds were falsified, as such omens often are, though the failures are seldom recorded. Had not the hearer of them been so utterly worn out in mind and body, no such sounds would have seemed to be audible. Exhaustion is a cunning impostor.— Ainsworth's Magazine. It is when the brain and nervous system have been shattered by moral causes, or by the sequelae of physical ones, that the most cu- rious phenomena occur as regards the visual powers. The author of the Diary of a Late Physician has published a ludicrous paper of the spectre dog, which followed the man wher- ever he might be, he could not shake him off, either in his walks, or in his bedroom, or in the stage-coach: the dog was always there. I know not whether this story be founded on fact or not, but a case very similar occurred to a gentlenian, who related it to me. In great distress of mind, he had taken a quantity of laudanum with the intent to poison himself. It did not accomplish what he intended, but was productive of most distressing nervous affec- tions. Among others, as soon as he was in bed at night, he saw a dog lying at the foot of his bed upon the floor. He got out of bed to verify it—the dog vanished; when he returned to his couch, there was the dog again. The most singular item in the history was that his mind could not rectify the error; the visual im- pressions overcame the rational powers. He would leave his bed two or three times the same night to be shamed by a phantom; and this lasted for full six weeks. At a subsequent pe- riod, and previously to his death, which was a melancholy one, he was haunted night after night by a chess-board with men upon it. That ghosts and apparitions have appeared to people cannot be doubted. Carlyle has alluded to the history of Luther and the blue-bottle fly, and referred it naturally to that imperfect state of the sensorial powers when debilitated by phy- sical exhaustion or moral causes. It is not true that there are ghosts in substantial forms, paradoxically expressing it; but they are visi- ble to the mind's eye. It is nowhere recorded that two people ever saw a ghost at the same time and in company. It might so happen, that of two men walking down a lane at night, one should fancy he saw a ghost and point it out to the other, whose fear might persuade him that he saw something; but no two men at the same time, and in each other's company, ever saw the same spectral form be- fore their eyes.—Sir George Lefevre. A young lady, known to the present writer, was terrified one night by seeing at the foot of her bed a tall shadow, making perpetual obei- sances. Though it is quite natural that beauty should be in the receipt of homage, the damsel, accustomed to adulation at other times, was alarmed by such intrusion at "the dead waste and middle hour of the night." Hiding her head under the bedclothes, she summoned her scattered spirits, took counsel within herself, and having recovered her presence of mind, looked with a scrutinising eye at the phantom. There it was still making salaams, according to the Eastern mode of adoration. "A figure of the other world," thought she. "Dreadful!" How far she might have blamed her attractions for bringing such unwelcome visitants no one could tell; but her self-possession had acquired strength; and self-possession is fatal to ghosts, whether their advent be to worship or to ter- rify. She arose, went to the window, and de tected the "cause of the effect." Her house was on the border of the suburban by-lane, and a gas-lamp standing there had projected into the room a shadow of an intermediate tree, whose branches swayed in the night-breeze. She took care afterwards to close the shutters. Ainsworth's Magazine. A new novel, from the pen of Mr M'Combie, of the Port P/iillip Gazelle. "Arabin; or, the adven tures of a Colonist," is advertised in the late English ' papers. Mr Carpenter, a witness, in a case tried in the Supreme Court, elated that he heard the cries of "murder, thieves, fire, robbers," but it was of such common occurrence that he did not notice it.—Hobart Town Observer. 9th December. 