DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. The Election — We have to direct the attention of our readers to an advertise- ment in another column, calling a meet- ing of the supporters of Mr. Archibald Boyd at the Royal Hotel to-day, at two o'clock. We trust there will be a nu- merous attendance of the electors. The Court of Requests.— The August sittings of the Court of Requests for this district commence this morning at the old Court House, King-street. The Sydney Press.— The Southern Queen, a Sydney journal, of the Puseyite class, has given up the ghost. The com- munity has sustained no injury from the loss, for her Majesty was a most namby- pamby attempt at a newspaper, from the beginning. New Magistrate.-— Frederick Martin, Esq., of Western Port, was sworn in as a magistrate of the territory at the Supreme Court on Saturday. Port Fairy. — Intelligence reached town by Friday's overland mail from Portland, of a series of outrages commit- ted by the blacks, at and in the vicinity of Messrs. Campbell and M'Knight's sta- tion, in the Port Fairy district, about twenty- five miles from Belfast. The utter absence of a protective force in that district has, it seems, emboldened the marauders, who belong to the Mount Eales tribe, to carry on their depreda- tions with the greatest effrontery, and not content with carrying off with them sheep and cattle at will, they have the hardihood to dare the settlers to pursue them, and in one or two cases they have even gone the length of attempting to take human life. This state of things cannot, of course, be long tolerated ; if the authori- ties do not interfere for the protection of the settlers, we may expect in a short time to hear of another wholesale mas- sacre. LONSDALE WARD.—The vacancy in the representation of Lonsdale Ward in the Town Council, occasioned by the death of the late Adam Pullar, Esq.. will be de- clared at the meeting of the Town Coun- cil on Thursday, when, we presume, the Alderman of the ward ( Alderman Orr) will appoint the time and place for hold- ing the election of a successor. There is not as yet, any candidate in the field, but a requisition was being got up, we presume for the fun of the thing, on Fri- day and Saturday, in favour, of Mr. Mi- chael M'Namara, formerly of the " Brien Boru." Mr. Fawkner has been tig- toying a little with the matter, but, as if experience was at length bringing wis- dom to the irascible little gentleman, he has for once permitted prudence to get the better of his hankering after civic honors, and is not to enter the field. Mr. Annand is the only probable candidate at present spoken of, and he, it seems, is not to be permitted to exercise his own free- will in the matter, for some contemptible scribbler in the Patiriot of Friday has already attempted to get up an ill feeling against him by the maliciously false im- putation that he was canvassing for the office before the remains of Mr Pullar were well deposited in the grave. The calumniator, however, who was obviously playing the old thief's game of " stop thief," had not calculated upon refutation being so easy , else he would never have fallen upon such a sorry expedient, which, as all such expedients should, has served the cause it was meant to injure A re- quisition to Mr. Annand is, believe, in course of signature. PROJECTED RAILWAY.—The project of forming wooden railways in the interior of this colony, originally set agoing by the Rev. Dr. Lang, M.C., and which excited great attention in the middle dis- trict at the time of its publication, is about being acted upon at Newcastle, measures being actually in progress there for the purpose of constructing a wooden railways between that town and Mait- land. The expense, it has been ascer- tained, after careful enquiry will not ex- ceed £ 13,000, and the revenue from pas- 'sengers alone at one shilling or one shil- ling and sixpence per head will not, it is supposed, fall short of £1000 a year. Determined Sui cidEI-A: few driys ago, a man named William Grey, recently arrived in the colony, hired with Mr. H. S. Wills, to proceed with his wife and three children to the station at Mount William. He joined the drays at Corio, and on Tuesday evening had proceeded as far as Fyansford, where they , camped for the night. Grey was left in a hut for a few minutes, by Tymbs, the carter in charge of the drays, and sometime afterwards it was discovered he was mis- sing. On looking about the premises, the unfortunate man was found lying on his back in the calf-pen, with his throat cut from ear to ear, the razor still in his hand. Life was totally extinct when the body was taken up. No motive whatever could be assigned for the deed, unless the simple circumstance that he was heard to express great fears of the blacks, and seemed reluctant to proceed so far into the interior. He did not appear to be in the least degree excited previous to the commission of the deed. The most dis- tressing part of the business is the un- fortunate and destitute manner in which his wife and three children are left, the youngest being only seven months old. — Geelong Advertiser, July 31. The Theatre.— The Queen's Theatre closes for the season on Thursday evening next, when the performances, which are for the benefit of the spirited proprietor of the establishment, Mr. J. T. Smith, are under the patronage of the St. Andrew's Society of Australia Felix. Stall-fed Beef.— The good folks of Melbourne were treated on Friday last to an exhibition of grass-fed beer at the butcher's shop of Mr. H. W. Mortimer, corner of William and Collins-streets, which we certainly think was never pa- ralleled in any part of the globe. The carcase was that of a small heifer, be- tween three and four years old from the station of Mr. Niel Black in the Port Fairy district, which rivalled in down- right fatness the finest stall-fed beef we have ever seen ; the depth of solid fat was in some places not less than six inches.1 The barron would have furnished a feast for a Mayor's banquet. The Portland Libel Case.—An at- tempt, we understand, will be made to quash the proceedings against Mr. Wilkin- son of the Portland Guardian, on writ of Habeas Corpus. We sincerely wish it may he successful, but we fear the re- verse, the proceedings being got up with great care. GRAMMATICAL.—It is reported that the schoolmasters of Melbourne came to a resolution at their meeting the other day, to use the Patriot, in future, as a class- book for the students of English Gram- mar. There is a dignified contempt of persons, moods, and tenses in the principal leaders, police reports, and local intel- ligence of our daily contemporary, which must afford an admirable exercise for " the young idea." The police report of Satur- day, in particular, is the most amusing conglomeration we have ever met with in print. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.—The (Syd- ney) Australian mentions a rumour as having obtained in the Middle District to the effect, that Mr. Foster, the barrister, was about to retire from the representation of the County of Northumberland, the re- port, however, seems to be without au- thentication. The vacancy in the Coun- cil occasioned by Major Wentworth's re- signation of his seat as member for the Northumberland District of Boroughs can- not be filled up for some time owing to the gallant Major's having forgotten to send his resignation to the Governor as well as his constituents. The Daguerreotype.—Mr. Goodman, the artist, arrived from Sydney, per the steamer THISTLE, bringing with him his daguerreotype machine which he purposes bringing into operation in the course of a few days. We have not heard where Mr. G. contemplates finding for himself and machine "a local habitation and a name," but we can imagine no place in town so likely to suit his view as the look-out on the summit of the Crown Hotel, Lons- dale-street. The Puseyites. — The "Sydney cor- respondent" of our contemporary the Patriot speaks of its being in contem- plation to try the establishment of a branch of the Puseyite Lay Asso- ciation of the Church of England in Melbourne. A proposition of this kind was in contemplation so long ago as the month of April last, and it may afford some information as to the know- ledge of Melbourne affairs which obtains in Sydney, as well as some amusement, that we mention that Mr Alderman Kerr was actually proposed as the Secretary. 