Original poetry. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN LYRICS. — No. I. In one of those sequestered dells, Where Nature's choicest beauty dwells, I idly strayed : Australia's sun shone overhead, The ground beneath with flowers was spread, In pride arrayed. The pure air and the glowing sky Filled all my mind with ecstasy, And warmth like theirs ; Yet, when my eyes were turned to look Upon the sparkling, rippling brook, They filled with tears. Wild Caledonia's mountain scenes, Her cataracts, and deep ravines, Rushed to my mind ; Her castles, abbeys, haunted ground, Where elves and sprites long since were found — Where rivers wind. (In stately pride I've seen these flow. Unruffled, wending onwards slow, To ocean vast ; And sometimes with resistless force, O'er rocks and banks with stormy course, They furious pass'd.) Where patriots fought, and martyrs bled ; The mem'ry of the honored dead Hallows each spot; — Where Wallace, our loved hero, trod, And where men died for truth and God, All unforgot. This land is fair, her skies are bright, But, here, there is no holy light From days gone by ; No fond associations cling, With brightening influence on their wing, To earth and sky. My words, half thought, half spoke, were hushed — A sudden sound, that to me rushed, Checked my regret ; And, gliding on with fairy feet, A female form, surpassing sweet, My glances met. There was a lustre in her eye, Blue, deeper than our sunny sky, Bright as our star; — A ruddy brown upon her cheek, That seemed of our own land to speak — This land of fire. The scarlet creeper decked her brows, Mimosa's golden-clustered boughs Waved in her hand ; The dew-drops glanced like diamonds o'er The robe of gossamer she wore, With silken band. Her glance was piercing, earnest, keen, But in her high, determined mien Was rustic grace. With dignity and kindness met, She thus addressed me, trembling yet. Before her face: — To you I come, with high intent. To check the rising discontent You feel e'en now ; For, even beneath my high command, You look upon this lovely land With gloomy brow. You say that no tradition here, Nor fairy legend, can endear A spot of earth ; — No battle-fields, and poet's haunts, No ghost, whose story oft enchants The fireside hearth. Yet, rouse thee up ! the field is thine, Exert the energies divine I give to thee ; Bring fancies from the wood, the vale — People with spirits bright the dale ; Skim o'er the sea. Come, call up tales of wild romance, Look with a poet's ardent glance On all around ; The blooming flower, the stormy wind, Should wake ideas in thy mind Worth having found. But, chiefly, scan the human heart — That is the same in every part, In every clime ; Its dreams and fancies, hopes and fears. Its love, its hate, its smiles, and tears ; These paint sublime. For thee the dew-drops I will spread, Open the flowers beneath thy tread — Tune the bird's song ; Pass softly on the summer wind — Briug music's spirit to thy mind ; Sweeping along, With thee I'll wander by the brook, With thee I'll on the ocean look. And on the storm; — Like echoes of sweet music steal Softly, till all thy soul will feel Inspired and warm, Until I see thy inmost heart Enraptured with my glowing art, And Nature's face ; Then by my influence I will prove If thou canst paint the power of love — Its workings trace. Watch, how softly o'er the soul It reigns with sweet, yet strong control, In human breasts ; Mark how its purifying rays Destroys man's wonted selfishness, Where'er it rests. By me your powers shall yet expand, And, in this fair and pleasant land, Youths yet to be — In vineyards and in orange groves — Shall sing your sweet songs to their loves Fight merrily. Yes! now I mark thy kindling eye ; I need not ask for a reply — Thou art my own. She said, and swept along the mead ; My heart was lightened — now, indeed, All grief was gone ! There was a spirit o'er me now, Bringing sweet fancies round my brow, Breathing delight; And, all around bright Nature wore, A brighter aspect than before, Unto my sight. The very air I breathe brings joy — Whatever may be my employ, Fancy is near, And clothes, with all its winning grate, Each spot of earth, each form, each face. That can appear. D. G. July, 1845. 