PAUPER EDUCATION IN THE PARISH OF ST. PANCRAS. On Wednesday, April 2, Messrs. Trcmcnlicro and Twissleton, the assistant poor law commissioners, attended at the workhouse for the purpose of c unci ud in;; their inquiry f,v miixrinir into il minute examin- ation personally of tho above men tioned children. The church war dens, together with a great number of the directors, guardians, and vestrymen were present to watch tho proceedings of the commis sioners. The commissioners pro ceeded to examine the hoy's school. Ten hoys were selected by them who had been in the school twelve months and upwards, and were cxnmined in reading, writing, arith metic, minutely questioned upon various points of .Scripture, both collectively and individually, by the commissioners. The examination was hero adjourned, the guardians taking themselves ofl to a private room to enjoy a substantial luclieon, and leaving the assistant commis sioners to amuse themselves by strolling about the grounds and partaking of the pauper soup in the kitchen, with, which it is stated they expressed themselves very well satisfied. Upon the commissioners and gttnrdians re-nssemhling in the echoolroom tho examination was resumed. In order to show the nmlA nf AVftnAl!irtft<tn mlrwtml lit tuvuv tho commissioners, the following iew examples are subjoined : — What is the name nf the present sovereign of this kingdom ? — Victoria. Who was her father ? — Edward Duke of Kent. Who wns his father ? — George the Third. Who reigned as king during a portion of George tho Third's life ? — Oliver Cromwell. (Laughter.) In manufactures, ques tion proposed; — Why are all the cotton manufactories of the couutry at Manchester instead of London ? —No answer. Where does silk come from? — India. How is it manufactured ? Spun by silk worms. Mr. Twissleton : What is this made of (pointing to the front of his ehirt) ? — Cotton. Mr. Twissleton : What arc tho ropes tnadeol to hang people? — N'o nnswer. At the con clusion of the proceedings the com missioners expressed their satisfac tion at the way in which the chil- urou nan answered most 01 me questions put to them, and Mr. Twissleton is stated to have ob served to some of tho guardians, that out of the number of persons I who hail made application to the j l'oor Law commissioners for situa tions as musters of pauper schools, j there had been fifteen who knew t less than 601110 of the hoys who | had that duy been under exumitia- | tion. I On Thursday, Messrs. Treme-n j hero and Twissleton, again utteuded I nt tho workhouse for the purpose of I finally completing their labours. In writing anu cyphering the girls did j not show themselves very proficient ; 1 but in reading, iNc., ami in their . general knowledge of the scriptures, j they acquitted themselves in a far superior manner to the children in the hoys' school. The commis- Hioncrs having concluded the cxtt- miuinnlion of the girls' school, ac companied by the directors and guardians, proceeded to the hoys' school room for the purpose of hear ing the male children exhibit their proficiency in singing. They had sung one or two hymns und com menced chanting, the " Doxo- logy." Whilst singing the last verso, " Glory he to the Father and to tho Son," &c.;, the company 11s- henriug the words, " And to the lloly Ghost, ' chanted in an un known voice, which indicated that tho owuer had neither studied at | tho lloyal Academy of Music nor Mr. liulhih's sy.stu 