ODD-FELLOWSHIP. To the Editor of the Commercial Journal. Sir, — Having observed that you occupy, at times, a considerable portion of your journal in advocating the cause of Odd- Fellowship, and have frequently expatiated \- on .the justness of its laws and regulations as regards the welfare of its brethren, has induced me to forward you this for inser tion, if approved of, the verasity of which you may depend on. I am acquainted with a person, residing in Sydney, who about nine years ago, joined the Inde pendent Order of Odd-Fellows, a few weeks after it was established, and con tinued a member for several years, paying regularly, and, indeed, answering every cail with attention and submission, and in every way conducting himself as a worthy Brother ; his connection with the Lodge passing off for years in the most amicable and friendly manner, with the full assur ance, according to the laws, that if it should please God to visit him with sickness or infirmity, he would, if he needed, have a friend in the Lodge he had so long con tributed to, which would afford him succour when in sickness or distress, should he re quire its aid. Necessity for a time, caused him to absent himself from the Lodge, during which time some arrears accumulated, and he received a notice of suspension on that account, and on that account only. He attended : and' in the house where the Lodge is held, and on Lodge night, Tie paid over to the then acting Secretary the full amount then due and claimed from him on the same evening. The money was re turned to him by the Secretary, saying he had been ordered so to do by. bis supe riors. He again attended, on Lodge night, and respectfully addressed a note to the N. G., informing him that he waited per mission to join his Lodge and pay his arrears : he was answered by the Secretary, in writing, that as he no longer was a bro ther of the Order, his money could not be received; he naturally was surprised at such treatment, and addressed more than one letter to the Lodge, requesting to be heard in Lodge, according to the law laid down; to answer and repudiate any ca lumny that might exist, but this- was also refused. You ivill; Mr. Editor, by this time, begin to entertain an idea that he had bfeen guilty of sortie very monstrous offence of a very malignant character, some heavy affair, that bad thus Caused him to be so discarded and disgraced ; that some particularly mysterious foul charge was laid against him, which demanded his im mediate expulsion— but you will, no doubt, Mr. Editor, be surprised that no such charge existed— no deeds of darkness could be brought to light — all that could be ad vanced against him was, that a Member of the Order, with whom _he had beeii some time connected, had taken a mistaken idea that led him to suppose he had been in sulted and injured, in a certain private matter, away and entirely unconnected with the Lodge or Lodge business— -" the head and front of his offending hath this extent — no more" — this the great and serious matter that has caused his absence from tbe Lodge ; for if there be ought else, why not summon him to appear in Lodge, or before' Committee, and exculpate him self if he can, and not stab in the dark. Such treatment is contrary to Odd-Fellows' Laws— it is insulting;. and :cowardly — it is unjust ; for instance, only suppose that he be taken ill, and God knows we are all subject to such visitation, how hard it would be that after paying all the Lodge demands for so many years, he is denied that assistance, (should he require it,) that has cheered him even in thought for so long a time, and that, too, for so paltry and so unjust a reason. I am, Mr. Editor, Your's sincerely. VERITAS. . Odd Fellows.— James Watt Lodge. — This Lodge held its fourth anniversary, on the evening of the 16th January, 1845, iu the Thistle Tavern, G lassford- street, Glasgow. Mr. Archibald M'Kenzie, of the Liverpool Company, occupied the chair ; Mr. Alexander Rigg, croupier. The Chairman, in giving the toast of the evening, showed the amount of benefit accruing to individuals who con nected themselves with such societies ; and that they, as a body of four years standing, numbering about 300 members, had paid out for the last year for sick-gift and funerals nearly £170. and that £129 had been, dur ing the same period, added to their stock in bank, which now amounts to £444, as a se curity against old age. . This is creditable for a Benevolent Institution. . The Bride of the Ojibbeway. — An erroneous report recently prevailed in America, as well as in England, that the bride of trongwind had returned home. The Detroit Advertiser , in alluding to that report, says, — " We recently saw this Indian with his fashionable wife at our stores purchasing articles for housekeeping. She is a very pretty, sty lish,pefr7e English woman. He is a coarse, awkward, stupid, and booby-looking Indian. She seemed to treat her spouse in rather a school mistress. style, and was. vastly amused at his ignorance of the use of the most necessary householcl articles... He put in objections to the purchase of anything that did not meet his savage notions, and seemed to doubt the necessity of having earthen plates. She managed the savage pretty well ; but, while he was enforcing his Indian economy in very harsh tones and unintelligible English, we could not help asking ourselves if that was the mighty Indian magic that won the second iDesdemona. We imagine that one winter n the rude houses of the Ojibbeways will take off something of the poetry of savage life." Training for a Dearth. — The Hano ver Gazette states, that a short time ago a party of 80 persons at Detmold sat down to an excellent dinner of horse-flesh ; a healthy and fat one-year-old filly having been slaughtered for the repast. The Ga zette adds that all the guests spoke in the highest terms of the savoury quality of the meat, which had been dressed by excellent cooks, in a variety of ways. Coughing in Church. — If a person who feels an irresistible desire to cough will endeavour to draw a long breath, what would be a paroxysm will generally terminate in a single cough ; when the irritation in thethtoat is very great, it may generally be relieved also by rubbing the lips; 4ip of the nose, or eye- lids with the fingers; or slightly scratch ing some part of the face with the nails so as almost to produce pain. A fit of coughing may very commonly be prevented either by taking a long breath, or thus irritating the nerves of tbe face. A Ghost in Daylight. — The super stitions of last century have not entirely passed away. A remnant is still left at the present day, even in the heart of the agricultural county of East Lothian, as the following will show. On Sunday last a worthy elder of the Free Church, who is a. farmer and a bachelor, left his house in the care of a female domestic, while he went on his way to attend his regular place of worship. No sooner had he taken the road than a great noise was heard in the room ne had left, which sounded like the pattering > of many feet. Such a sound proceeding from the master's own room was anything but " canny." and so fright ened was the servant that she called in a neighbour, but she in her turn also got frightened, when both took to their heels and ran a distance of a. quarter of a mile to where the hinds' houses are, when their story of the house being haunted was soon told to the gaping wonder of the assembled women. After many consultations, curi osity got the better of their fears, when it was resolved they should go to the ha' house in a body and endeavour to make out the cause of the disturbance. This was accordingly done, but on reaching the room door, the same noise was still heard with even greater violence than before, but none would venture to open it; at last one of the women espied a man on the public road, and to him they applied for counsel and assistance. The man very courageously agreed to lend his aid, and laughed at their fears, telling them there were no ghosts nowadays ; but no sooner was he in tlie house,' aud heard the noise, than he also was affected with the malady, and declared his unwillingness 'to open the door. In this dilemma there was nothing for it but waiting with patience until the master came home from church. As the noise was louder than ever, they wisely concluded that this was a warning that he had not long to live — of course the warning could not apply to themselves. Id the interim all the stories that ever were heard of about warnings and ghosts were fully discussed, until the worthy elder made his appearance, when, with breathless anxiety, he was told of the awful sounds heard : but to calm their minds he pro posed to read a chapter of the Bible to thefn, which was accordingly done. Thus fortified, the elder opened the room door, when the astonishment of the females may be more easily imagined than described, when out started the ghost in the shape of a pet foal that has been in the habit oif folituving its master into the house, where it is generally regaled with a piece of bread; but in the present instance had been inadvertently shut in the room. — Kelso Worder. The late' Robert Foster, of Wolvey, Warwickshire, has directed in his Will the following legacies to he paid, free of legacy drity Clergy Orphan Society, £1,000; Cliristiari Knowledge Society, £1,000; National Society; £500; Society for the Propaga- gation of the Gospel; £1,000 ; Building Churches Society, £2,200; Additional Curates Society, £1,000 ; Schools at Knighton, Leicestershire, £200; Bir mingham General Hospital, £500: Leicestershire Infirmary, £300 ; total, £6,500. The Solicitor of Excise.— It is rumoured that Dr. Batemari, chief clerk to the late Mr. Mayow, the assistant solicitor to that department, will be the successor to that office. The salary will in fu ture be only £1,000 per annum. Mr. Carr, soii of the late Mr. Morton Carr, who formerly held the ap pointment of solicitor to that revenue, at whiuli time it was worth £4,000 per annum, has very re cently been appointed to tbat situation, in the room of P. W. Dehaney, Esq., deceased. Beneficial Effects of Society. — The man who feels a tendency to shrink from collision with his fellows, to run away with distaste and apprehen sion from the great practical business of life, does not enjoy complete moral and intellectual health — will quickly contract a silly conceit and fastidious ness, or sink into imbecility and misanthropy ; and should devoutly thank Providence for the oc casion, however momentarily startling and irritating, which stirs him out of his lethargy— his cowardly lethargy — and sends him among his fellows, puts him in a manner upon a course of training, upon an experience of comparative suffering — it may be of suffering, it may be of sorrow, requiring the exer cise of powers of which he had before scarcely been conscious, and gives him presently the exhilarating consciousness, that he is exhibiting himself — a man, " ay, every inch," a Man.— Warren. 