LOCAL. , THE Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Tasmania left town yesterday on a visit to the northern part of the island. We understand his Lordship will perform Divine Service at Oatlands and Jericho, in passing those stations on Sunday. WHEAT TENDERS The tenders to supply wheat to the Commissariat Stores were opened on Wednesday. Although only 20,000 bushels were required by the advertisement, the quantity tendered amounted to upwards of 70,000. The lowest tenders were at 5s 2d. per 100 lbs. ; the highest 7s. 2d. The Commissariat have accepted all the tenders up to 5s. 9d. per 100 lbs., which includes nearly 10,000 bushels beyond the 20,000 for which the tenders were demanded. ROBBERY -The large room belonging to Messrs. Hay and Ivey was forcibly entered on Thursday night. The thief or thieves broke in from the rear through the counting-house window and carried away the desk, from which they extracted about £6 in notes and loose silver. No property of any other kind was touched. Messrs. Hay and Ivey offer GEO to any person giving such information as will lead to conviction. To CORRESPONDENTS.-" H. It's" letter upon the probable deficiency of the wheat crop in our next " A Layman's" second letter too late for this impression. BISHOP SUMNER'S CHARGE. If we keep constantly before our minds (says Bishop J. Sumner in his last charge the great objects of our ministry, all things will have their right places and receive their due importance. The Sacrament of Baptism, for instance, which we desire to magnify. Act as you would act if you were anxious that a friend should seek some remedy for a disease of which he was unconscious, but which you well knew must be fatal. You would gain nothing by extolling the efficiency of the remedy, till he were convinced of the dangerous tendency of the disease. On the same principle, men will esteem Baptism a holy rite, blessed of the Lord, and honourable in proportion as they understand their fallen state-their need of a better nature than that which they inherit from Adam. Then it will be with them as with the Ethiopian to whom Philip opened the Scriptures, and preached' unto him Jesus and he said, Sir, here is water, what doth hinder me to be baptised ?"' So it will be with parents. Having brought a corrupt being into the world, they will hasten to wash away his sins in the laver of regeneration, calling upon the name of the Lord ; they will enrol their sinful infant in covenant with Him by whom she is taken away, that having been born a child of wrath he may be made a child of grace. So in regard to the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. You desire that all should kneel around it, and show there a testimony of their faith, and seek an increase of grace a more perfect conformity to his image. The honour is not in the action, but in the feeling which prompts the action. Preach, therefore, the Cross of Christ as the only and sufficient satisfaction for sin; and they who are drawn to the Cross will not fail to value the ordinance which represents it, even though they do not believe that the body and blood of Christ are transferred into the figurative emblems for if they were so transferred, or could be, what would it profit? "It is the spirit that quickened, the flesh profited nothing." REVIVALS have seen these revivals in a good many States of America for the last six years, and invariably I have observed, that of those so '? converted," as the term is full fifty per cent, fall away in the first year. Yes, Mr. Editor, from my own experience in the Eastern and Western States, as well as from the evidence and admission of others, I hold it to be a fact that a full half fall away in the first year into a state of mind which is altogether insensible to any religious persuasion. This change is seldom brought about by the ordinary means of grace. It takes place in extraordinary meetings, for that purpose organized-only under the influence of intense excitement only when crowds are assembled together upon those chiefly in whom the passions and weaknesses of our nature pre- dominate over the intellectual and moral feelings; rarely upon the educated, the prudent, and the clear beaded. I have seen as a consequence of these revivals, that those converted in them, females especially, are often assailed by one kind or another of insanity. I have seen a good many revivals, and in every instance I have seen as a consequence immediately traceable to it despair, distraction, insanity, suicide. In fact, any one who has seen such, and the way in which they are conducted, knows that they are, my trjeir,)mrjMDetlit>aV adapted to call forth and fan into a flame whatever spark of insanity or mental incongruity there maybe in the individual. The Holy Ghost is not the minister of madness. And I dare not call this change a spiritual conversion and work of the Holy Ghost, when 1 Have seen that all the means that are used are those which directly bear upon and tend to excite the sensual and animal part of our nature. All the means which I see the conductors use are calculated to create cerebral or nervous excitement in the highest degree. All the symptoms that are manifested are of this kind. The flushed faces, the heavy eyes, the involuntary tears, the groans which they are compelled by an internal force to utter the talk which they feel compelled to the visions they see, and the feelings they feel ;- all these, as every physician of candour and knowledge is well aware, are not spiritual but physical. the signs and symptoms of disease_Correspondent-of the Churchman. 