Scraps (rom Punch's Ohost. BT " K'. K.," KOW THE OLII OHBII, We beg to state that several mistakes un- avoidably occurred in our réport of the Governor's speech, which shouldliaye been as follows ' ' ' . , -Mr, Speaker and Gentlemen' Having received ¡ my. recall, I must now prorogu^thisicouncil.'and send you where .you oug||t to be-Tto, yoiir wool-sheds. ; I have co-operated with you in some of your measures, but I must observe that the «'privilege-gentlemen" have given me a deal of.trouble. ^ I have transmitted to her Majesty's Go- vernment your address on thè subject of immigration; but as I thinkthat you and the " Morning Herald" want - to swamp the country with an overflow of labour, I'have not concurred'in your opinions as to num- bers.' ; ?" ? - . '.' " I thank you for the supplies you have granted for the 'supp'ort of her Majesty's Government, but I must, observe; that you made a deal of unnecessary talking aboutit. I think the temporalities of .the. colony are improving^ aud that, general stability, in all bur afiairs will bej finally estalîlished,* un-! -lesa thc noiayipàrt-of- this' Council have too much their own, way ; upon the whole, I am rejoiced at ní'y. depárturé (since I feel confident of obtaining ; another! situation), and I trust for the sake of, my suçcéssor in, office that the constituents pf New' Soutli Wales, when they next have an opportunity, will returh morie suitable members than some of you frothy brawlers. When I hear that capital may be safely invested in this colony I'll send over a few thousands of my savings made whilst among you. Goodnight. FOUND, on Saturday evening last, in I the vicinity of Bent-street;f à packet of j memorandums and other papers, which on ! inspection prove to be the outlines of .speeches on subjects lately ' agitating the public mind ; the matter and style are laboured, and their merit very LOWE; A gentleman has recently been observed; walking in the inner domain, in a very contemplative,mood ; indeed, from several muttered»ejaculations we fear he is medi- tating suicide ; his mental distress has been BROUGIIT-ON, by municipal disappoint- ments., ..... ; , We are given to understand that an in- genious parson of the name of " Lang" is about to proceed to Europe in the " Aerial Machine," which conveyance he prefers to all others, being an adept at raising the wind.1 "' v 