'THE PHILOSOPHY OF WALTZING. ..«/«'> "J! I ?.-(. !>. :f ".-» »VJ ( IT. 3 ; O. VI '"". "« . V .' /.- >-'-. i "! j sL l|>iqsppl)y pfthelWaBz ? , Hpw;'surl); I \\.A.rid yet look to Hegel; read the 261st article of his Philo- sophical Encyclopedia ; : ; inquire; into the 'mutual rela tion between space and time, the 'Vergehefn uridSich - wiedererzeugen des Raums in Zeit, und der Zeit in Raum, which constitute die Bewequnq , or motion, and you will find no better solution, exemplification, and illustration of this problem— mo safer escape from tossed restlessly about on the great ocean of uncer tainty," than in " the iEstheticks " of the Waltz. The morality of the Waltz? — Still more absurb! Wait a moment. What is the standing complaint against the social relations of our great metropolis ? Acquaintanceship is fast displacing Friendship out of the world-— sighs out a poetical dreamer. As every body is now required to know everybody, so the am- "bition of being supposed to know every thing can only end, under the most favourable circumstances, in the knowing a little of every thing, and a great deal about nothing— exclaims the stern moralist. — Et la raison ? La voila ! rejoins the staunch partizan of the Waltz, your minuets and quadrilles have done it all. You danced quadrilles at the last ball with a score of young 'ladies in succession — did any one of them remember ybu the next morning? — would you have been excused if you had bowed to your fair partner in the park? — ils there any chance of you being recognised at the next ball ; or, if you will be happy enough to be so, and will be allowed a repetition of your former feli- city, will you be ever able to claim more than an eau suc é acquaintanceship ? But how differently do we fare in the regions of the Waltz ! Of course, as in every thing else chance pre sides at the first trial ; but at the second, friendship knits the bond. " Ay , ay," continues an enthusiast of the same class, " and in nine cases out of every ten, the winged boy with the bow and quiver pops in for the third." Partners in the Waltz during the season become generally man and wife at its end. The reason is obvious: for it is not in the mazes and per- . petual changes, in rapid rivettings and equally sudden ruptures of a quadrille, but in the steady adherence, iu the " prentice constancy " of the Waltz, that we are " taught the blessings and the duties of the partnership for life. In Byron's exclamation — Imperial Waltz ! imported from the Rhine Long be thy import from all duty free ! our politicians cannot fail to see the first spell - words of the free-trade " grammarie," and our tariff tud income-tax legislators are themselves in duty -bound to erect in the hall of the new parliament the "Statue of the Waltz, or at least (does our suggestion comes too late for the cartoon prizeman ? ) adorn the walls with a picture representing the ship which brought from Germany Delightful Waltz, on tiptoe for a mate, just at the nick of time, when . , The welcome vessel reach'd the genial strand, - And round her flock'd the daughters of the land.- As for the poetry of the Waltz!— who so callous to his duties, so deadened to the highest aspirations of /mankind, as to be found wanting- when called upon to descant upon this fruitful theme? Waltz is poetry itself, in its purest essence; in its sublirriest signifi cance; representing it not its fits but its settled mood, displaying all its capabilities and all its character istics, it is universal. May not a complete system of geography be taught by its ubiqity ? Does it not range ; from Philadelphia to Pekin, from Heel a to Vesuvius? It is ancient and modern, classic and romantic, imagi nary and real ; for it celebrates alike the Amazons and the Gipsies, Prometheus and La Sylphide, ghosts t and steamboats. It has explored earth and heaven to find emblems and types for ideas and feelings, and has wedded joy to Aurora, Melancholy to 1 hilomele, and Hope to Iris. It can afford to descend from the most exalted to the meanest subject ; from the highest tier of society to the lowest ; from the Coronation Anthem tos Roccoco ; from the Queen Victoria to the innumer able Betsey s, Fannies, and Rosas, of Guinguette celebrity. Nor has it spared, in sober sadness, its lessons to the worldly and thoughtless ; — the cozener ' and the spendthrift have been rebuked and apostro phised by its measured castigation, and it has taught us the "great moral that " Life is but a dance." All arts, sciences, and professions, have been forced to .walk in its train. Themis has been obliged to resign her scales, Mercury his naked tipstaff and his winged -shoes. Not content with hallowing every flower knovin in our part of the world, its flying ships have imported cargoes of "exotic plants." Steamboats, railroads, and suspension- bridges, have prospered -under its tutelary wings, and proved how poetical they may become ; and no one knows . but what the British Association, which has at the last meeting ' wound up its arduous labours in so edifying a manner, \- viz., by a waltz, may in the future, for the still better working of its numerous sections, appoint to:each a waltz- master for president. 