A Narrative qf a Visit to the Australian Colonies, by JAnnME BACKHOeSoE. London: Hamilton Adams, & Co., 1844. (Continued from page 95.) At Kelvedon my attention was called to the cir- cumstance of the flesh of cattle that had died in the bush, having become poisonous. Several pigs, geese, and fowls died, from having eaten of the flesh of a dead bullock, or pecked about the car- case. A person in this neighbourhood had boiled some of the flesh of a cow, found dead in the bush, and had given it to his dogs and pigs, which were made so sick that he thought they also would have died. It is possible that these cattle might have. died from the bite of serpents, and that the poison mnight have become propagated in their carcases; but from whatever cause they may become poison- ous, the instinct of wild animals protects them from suffering by it; for the carcases of such cat- le often remain untouched either by birds or beasts of prey. Another prisoner was a youth who was the cabin boy on board the Charlotte cutter, in our first voyage in Bass's Straits: he had been trained in vice from infancy, and had passed from the milder to the severer form of punishment, in con- sequence of his waywardness since he was trans- ported. When on board the cutter, the following conversation passed between him and the mate: \--Mate-- Tommy, where do you come from ?" Boy-" Liverpool, sir." Mate-" What is your father?" Boy--"I have none, sir." Mate 'What was lhe?" Boy-" Nothing, sir." Mate. -" What is your mother?" Boy-" She is dead; sir." Mate-" Who do you live with, at home ?" Boy-" My sister, sir." Mate-" What is your sister?" Boy-" Nothing, sir." Mate-" What did yon do for a living?" Boy-" They used to put me in at the windows to open doors, sir." In this way it is to be feared that many are trained to crime, and become the pests of society from the influence of an evil education; and that the parties stated to be "nothing," which is a common description in such cases, have lived by vicious means. H. Germain says he rarely carried a gun, though Ihe often fell in with parties of aborigines, "in whom there was then no harm." He thinks they hurt nobody till two white men, charged with murder, escaped from Port Dalrymple, and got among them. He pursued this mode of life so closely as to be at one time five years without sleeping on a bed; and sometimes in very wet weather he was driven to take refuge from floods in a tree, where he has had to remain all night covered with a large kangaroo's skin, to keep off the rain. He was the first white man who pene- trated into several parts of the colony, and a prin- cipal in conferring upon them such names as Jericho, Bagdad, Abyssinia, &c.; Only one of the party could read, and his only books were a bible, and the Arabian Nights' Entertainment, out of which books the places were successively named. He considers his health to have been preserved through these hardships chiefly by washing him- self well every morning and evening. The more the works of creation are understood, the more the evidence of infinite wisdom and power in the Creator is seen. If it were designed that the display of these, in every part of creation should be among the Incitements to adoratlon and praise in the mind of man, how greatlyl hs lls fallen state exhibited in this connection? Instead of being able to nanme them according to their quail ties, as Adam was before the fall, most persons pass them unheeded by; many are disgusted at the properties which render them fit for the places they are designed to fill; and among those who study them, too many make them their idols, In stead of giving God the glory. We had a visit from a young physician, who was prevailed upon to join a ship at Liverpool, as the medical officer, with the understandlng, that for his passage out lie was only expected to attend to the state of the crew, and that if lis services were required by tihe passengers, they would pay him on their own private account. But he after wards found that the contract of the owners with the passengers included medical attendance, and of this the owners took care to apprize him when the ship was on the point of sailing. Thus they availed themselves of his services for the whole ship's company, when ihe was unable to make a stand against their imposition. This is the second instance we have met with of medical men being imposed upon, in connexion with voyages to these colonies. In tile other case tihe surgeon was in vited to see the ship, when at Gravesend, and to sleep on board, and in the morning ihe found him self at sea 1 I attended the interment of the prisoner before alluded to, who died yesterday. After the "burial service" of the episcopal church had been read, I spoke a few words to those assembled on the oc casion, I was never more struck with the inappro priateness of much of this service, and of its danger of misleading the ignorant, and of lulling them into a state of ease, by holding out the idea that all would be well with them at last, without distinction as to their past lives. We afterwards had an interview with a considerable number of the prisoners in the court-house, in which much openness was felt in preaching the gospel. It is awful to see the unmoved hardness with which prisoners make oath, most solemnly to the truth of what they state on both sides, when it is obvious that on one side there must be perjury. Truly.oatlhs are Insufficient to secure correcttesti niony where the moral standard of truth is low; where it is gone, they only add to crime; and where this standard is properly maintained, they are useless, yea being yea, and nay, nay. On visiting some of the natives at their fire, I saw the little black boy before noticed, after filling his pipe and smoking with the rest of his country people, lay it down, and kneel in his mother's lap and suck I This was a combination of circum stances such as I had never imagined; and one that quite overpowered the feelings of gravity, excited by the degraded condition of the people. A short time after our visit to Molong, one of the men went off t!'e road with a cart toward a house where spirits were sold illicitly. On the way lihe upset the cart, which fell across his breast: he had cut away part of the side of the cart with a pocket knife, but had died before he could extri cate himself. When ihe was found, a wild dog was eating his head, and his own dog was eating the horse. Accidents from the use of intoxicating drinks are not unfrequent in this land, where the quantity of spirituous liquors consumed is very great in proportion to the population. We lately heard of a man falling, in a state of helpless drunk enness, on one of the large, flat, loose, ant-hills, that are common in the bush. When found, he was lifeless, the exasperated ants having eaten the interior of his nostrils and throat. An old Irishman informed us that Ihe could trace many points of resemblance to the ancient Irish language, in the language of the blacks of this colony. I spent some time in the school, under thie care of J. E. Keane, in which there are about thirty pupils, who are trained with much christian care, and are diligently instructed in the holy scriptures. I conld not, however, but lament to hear them taught such palpable error as is conveyed in the catechism of the episcopal church, by which they are instructed to say, that they become members of Christ, and children of God by baptism, clearly implying by baptism with water. I know this fallacy is attempted to be explained away by vari ous arguments ; but it is quite in vain to try to twist the plain meaningof the words. It remains palpably untrue, that ansy infant by water-baptism becomes a member of Christ, or a child of God; and the direct tendency of such instruction as teaches them to say tiis is the case, is to deceive the young, with regard to their own religions state, and to lead them to attach to this rite the imagi nary effect of a mystical charm, and to divert their attention from the baptism of the Holy Ghost, received only through the medlation of Chrlst, by which alone they can become members of Christ, children of God, and heirs of eternal life. At Penrith, a Jew, professing christianity, the father- in.law of the landlord of the inn, told us that, as we had come among them to preach the gospel, we should be free of all charges. We ac knowledged his kindness, and explained how our expenses were paid, to which ihe replied, he hoped we would not debar him of this privilege. During tihe drought, the proprietor of Regent ville had a herd of sixteen horses, which strayed to a peninsula on the mountalns, where they could hear the fall of water, but could not reach it. As if enchanted by the sound, they ihad continued to pace rounld the spot till they all perished by thlrst. At Little Swan Plort we visited the mounds of oyster shells, left by the aborigines who formerly inhabited this country. These shells are now dug out, and burnt for lime; they must have been the accumulation of ages. The tide was very high in Spring Bay on the forenoon of the 21st. It flowed four times in the course of the day I This might possibly be the effect of conflicting winds on the Pacific, or of a volcanic eruption somewhere at sea. (To be continued.) 