FREE CHURCH. We publish the annexed letter, acknow ledging the receipt of the money con tributed by the inhabitants of Launceston last year, in aid of the free church of Scot land. Individuals of every denomination came forward on that occasion to express their sympathy towards those noble-minded men who voluntarily relinquished their sti pends when they could no longer be received without compromising christian principles. Mr. Bonar's communication will be read with interest by those who rejoice in the prevalence of true piety. Edinburgh and Glasgow Bank, Edinburgh, 27th Dec. 1844. DEAR SIR,-I am favoured with your very In teresting letter of 23rd July last, enclosing a bill for one hundred and thirty-nine pounds, thirteen shillings and tenpence, for our church-more dear to us now than ever. Our glorious Redeemer has summoned His people in this land to a great and honorable work. He has called on them to embody in acts those principles for which they honestly contended, that the world might be aroused to a due consideration of their vital Importance. When we ponder the solemn position In which we are thus placed as witnesses for Christ's cause, specially for His crown rights as our forefathers of old, our spirits are awed and humbled, that we so unworthy, should have such honor put upon us as to suffer for His sake. The movement was undertaken in " faith, but amid fears and misgivings as to many of the results. But our gracious Lord sends not His soldiers a i warfare on their own charges. He makes His strength sufficient for their weakness, and could " I only convey to you a suitable idea of the love, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost, and oncrease a of grace which our bountiful heavenly Father has so largely dispensed to His chosen- ones in our Zion, you and our other brethren in Christ, of whatever denomination, would join anew in a song of praise. I cannot here tell of the many precious ones who have been gathered into the sheepfold of Christ since May, 1848, especially in the Highlands-and islands, where perhaps the persecution of the Godless proprietors has been the most severe and unrelenting-the power of the spirit- so sending home the word preached, the minister's voice was drowned amidst the mourning and lamentations of distressed souls. Several islands in which there was no protestant family, in which there was. not one or more, under deep and earnest soul cen cern-where oftentime senseless indifference and 'carnal indulgence almost universally prevailed, there is now found sobriety, self denial, and zeal for the glory of God. Throughout the whole country, perhaps the most remarkable features are the great and general desire to hear the word, and the spirit of gene rosity manifested to provide the means of grace, both for old and young. The amount contributed from May 1848, to April 1844, was no less than four hundred and eighteen thousand seven hun dred and twenty pounds; and since then the amount goes on augmenting with unabated vigour. Churches are everywhere being completed, and as sites are obtained, new ones are rising up. About 200 schools are already in operation, and a few months ago a plan was proposed for erecting a theological college, for which we have already got £21,000, in twenty-one subscriptions of £1,000 each, as a beginning.. The Lord has turned the hearts of christians throughout the world, I may say, towards us. On the continent of Europe particularly, they have examined our cause with the deepest interest, and the fruits of our movement appear there; and again we are cheered by the sympathies and aid of our friends on the other side of the world. We place high value on your contribution. - To say we thank you fur it, is far too tame to express our feelings,'and yet I'have a great deal more to ask from you. I ask you to pray for us, that we may be strengthened with all strength, that we may be steadfast in the day of trial; for we believe that what has happened to us, is only the beginning of sorrows. And may the Lord bless and prosper you in your far distant land. May He cause His face to shine upon you and make you glad.-I am, dear air, very sincerely your's, \- Anu.s. JSONAR. Rev. Thomas Hastie, Presbyterian Church, Launceston, V.D. Land. 