AND / j TASMANIAN! 7Vie two original Journals of Van Diemen's Land CONSOLIDATE!^. OPKN TO ALL-INtXUENCKr)' BY NONE. This Journal is published on the Evening of every ' .Tuesday and Friday, and circulates extensively throughout tho Australian > Colonies, India, China,'Europe, and America; i It is regularly filed at the office of Alessrs. Simmonds and "''Clowes, General Agents, Cornhill,' London, and ,. and at the Jerusslem Coffeo Houfeej . I BOB ART T\> Ty" N I 1 AUGUST J5, 1«45. WB solicit the particular attention of the people to a fact mentioned, in the course of our comment upon " the Estimates," of an over-ruled proposal of His 'Excellency' the Lieutenant -Governor m respect to per centage public officer retrenchment. That fact will speak volurneB to every honorably minded man of the wickedness ol the ca- lumnies .which have been promulgated against His Excellency. ===-_-____ i i THE Cornwall Chronicle contains a very excellent article upon the subject of the Transportation System, and'the benefits it brings with it to all the Australian colonies, in furnishing a supply of efficient and cheap labour. We regret we have not space to extract from it to-day, but we shall do so, offering a few accompanying comments, in our next. _ ?\ , r THE chief topic of discussion, in conver- sation and in print, is-" retrenchment." This journal is decidedly for commencing with the Ecclesiastical department, and' of that of course beginning at the head. We trust not to be accused of "abusing" the Bishop, when we attempt to enquire into what is the nature of his employment what ia ita use to the public-and how ap- propriately that nature and that use are paid by the public. Weare not of Lord Stanley's calumniators/ but we unhesitatingly assert that never was a more unfortunate " bit of patronage" ex- erted, of a more unfortunate time for its exertion, than the sending --forth, r by ¿he noble Secretary, a Bishop to Von Diemen's Land, and the quartering him upon the people at a salary which, with attendant consequences, swelled the Ecclesiastical ex- penditure upwards of two thousand pounds per anjium. This too, at a time when all parties agree that the most rigid economy of the public revenue is absolutely necessary. We have repeatedly asked, and not the ghost of an answer has ever been returned (except " abuse") in what single instance of any one kind or form whatever-Lay or Ecclesiastical-has the colony benefitted by this additional burthen of expence, and this a-lighting the flames of social discord, which Lord Stanley so inconsiderately inflicted upon it ? The " church " already ate up three shillings in every pound sterling of the public revenue, when Lord Stanley, again we say most inconsiderately, inflicted upon the colony a Lord-corporate-body Bishop at a cost most inconveniently en creasing that already perfectly unnecessary expenditure. Cui bono, as we have just said, either Lay or Ecclesiastical ? Is the chaplaincy of the colony in a higher state of good behaviour, exemplary conduct, ^pro- fessional exertion, and personal good feeling towards their head, than when an Arch- deacon or a Senior Chaplain presided ? Does the community exhibit greater attention to religious and moral duties ? Does " peace and good-will," that great Apostolic prin- ciple, more extensively, generally, or indi- vidually prevail ? Happy indeed should we be, could it be shown that even any one part, much more so that the whole of this Christian category existed to a greater ex tent than it had done before Lord Stanley's unfortunate patronage conversion of an Archdeaconry into a Bishopric. Cui bono, then we repeat, to individuals or to the public, has been Bishop Nixon's appoint- ment in any one single instance ? The contrary might readily be shown, and we are quite prepared to do so, that it is not Bishop Nixon's fault that the flames of in- tolerant bigotry do not burn throughout the colony in all the fury of Burley violence. That extraordinary man was a layman and a zealot. The times in which he lived were critical, and Luther, Calvin, Melancthon, Knox, and others, their apostles, may be said to have scarcely succeeded in working a great politico-religious revolution, for it partook of both characters, the minds of men having been prepared for blood by the blazing fires of Henry and his "faggot" daughter. But what was the exciting religious, and fanning the flame of political discord, even to the extent of attempting to render the prayers offered up by the Queen's sub- jects to the throne of the great Supreme for the bestowal of His divine blessing upon the Queen's representative, subordinate to those they preferred in favour of the Bishop ? Talk of the supremacy of the Pope ! Did ever the most outrageous Catholic Piiest, even in the most ignorant recess of Papisti- cal Ireland, venture to insult the loyalty of a sans culotte community by such an attempt? Cui bono, again we ask, was Lord Stanley's infliction upon the people and their revenue, the prelacy itself, and such a practice of it ? If the converse question is asked—the above specimen of Ecclesiastical inflation, and the ntguments adduced at the public meeting as to the necessity of stringent re- trenchment, afford a quite ample reply. But it is said that Lord Stanley, knowing the prejudices generally prevailing amongst Englishmen in favour of the aristocratic principle, imagined that the Tasmanian people would cheerfully pay for a Bishop, for the sake of having one ; and that, m fuither gratification of the attachment of the people to what is familiarly known as " quality-binding," he sent one out with letters patent, in which a sort of equivocal "My-Lording" was equivocally bestowed. Perhaps this it was which produced the Bishop. But we apprehend Lord Stanley did the mental perceptions of the Tasmanian colonists injustice. The time has passed away, when large masses of flowing horse- hair as coverings for the head, and theatri- cally looking ermine robes, were necessary to give weight to the decisions of the judg- ment seat. But nevertheless Dr. Nixon may have not so appreciated the intellects of the people he came to play at prelacy with. He may have imagined that, without the titular " My-Lording," the personal habilimenting of balloon-puffed (passing by other puffery) white muslin, and aponry of black silk, he could not collect at his " evening lectures" crowds to wonder und admire. It was thus perhaps that his pen instinctively inserted (in his letter to Bishop Wilson) that his " TITLE" is too explicitly laid down in his Letters Patent to require it to be conceded lo him on the score of courtesy." Alas, for human nature ! It is proverbially infirm on points of vanity. The boy from school just appointed to an ensigncy, when upon joining his regiment he for the first time sports his uniform, is to be forgiven for strutting past the sentry-post to obtain salutes. It is a silly peacockery, but it is pardonable on the score of the national vanity of youth. Per haps the Ecclesiastical Neophyte Dignitary, who makes the uninitiated stare at the ex- hibtion of the never before seen short cas- sock! may console himself by the recollection of the apothegm of the wisest of men, in the Holy Volume,.that "all is vanity." Yet " sober men of Boston" may perhaps con sider these little weaknesses indices to the mind. Wehave already referred to the warfare whichlit has been Bishop Nixon's misfor- tune ft have waged with "all sorts and conditions of men," from the Queen's repre- sentante to the poor Trinity .Cambridge gradúale parson (perhaps the ibest scholar and th) most amiable man in the diocese, the Dioiesan himself included), .who, while refusing to him spiritual employment, was told to permit his destitute wife and children to starve (the exact words),< rather than continue to exercise in profitable and res- pectable secular employment, which one of our procesional brethren kindly bestowed upon him, rendering eminent talent avail his support. We are willing to hat this has arisen in a great able foi believe degiec fjom circumstance. But it is never- theless - - - leeply to be regretted, and Di. Nixon lïmeelf will assuredly find it soin ;'the end. The Latin proverb says " accipiter" is not a.belovedbird,-^" juin semper tiivit in ' armis.'y ^hcPApostleB,' upon the legitimacy: of his descent from'whom Bishop Nixon1 insists, Wei e'distinguished for meekness-, mildness-^Jbumility-and generosity. They were essentially and eminently " men of pence." The exercise of these attiibutes pioved the Divine oiigin of their ministry. Dr. Nixon seeks no such proofs. He con- tents himself with saying-"Lo! MyLet Itera Patent!" When the churchwardens t of St. David's most correctly refused to 1 expend the money of their constituents, the ! parishioners, upon any but long-established , pnrish purposes, the Bishop meets them by locking the doors of the church, and putting the keys in his pocket, again justifies him» self-"Lo! My Letteis Patent!" These " letters" are the real Ecclesiastical " vege- table pills." Tbey are applicable to all cases-an answer to all persons-and suited to all occasions-yet we have very high legal authority for believing that they are of less value than the paper on which they are written, for reasons which we have re- peatedly given. We trust then that we have proven our- selves berne out in attaching great blame to Lord Stanley for burthening a community, struggling with difficulties-unable to sup- port a long existing civil establishment-its Government driven to the necessity of " dock or tax"-with the imposition of some two thousand pounds per annum, to support a Bishop, whose office is found to be neither theoretically nor practically useful. We entiiely agree with the sentiments ex- pressed so fully at the public meeting, that some retrenchment is necessary, and we hope the Government will commence with the case of that baneful disease, under which the colony sn severely labours-an Eccle- siastical plethora. _----_-__. Two words mightily sounding, but in real faot meaning nothing, are in constant ure by some of our contemporaries and by those persons who permit their senses to be prepossessed with the effect of some "parti- cular expression, without having any dis- tinct understanding of what it really means, -"Political Principles." We understand what " Religious Principles" mean, because they are founded upon a rock, and are, as is their divine origin, immutable ; but that there ever was or ever can be permanent "Political Principles," that is to say, upon which change of circumstances does not effect change, we are prepared distinctly t j deny. We will take an example or two. Mf. Pitt, the son of thegreat Lord Chatham, before he formed the celebrated coalition with Mr. Fox, professed, and was followed by a large party in Parliament, exactly the opposite principles which he professed after that coalition. Upon its dissolution, when George the Third constituted him Premier, and he withstood the powerful opposition of a considerable majority of the House of Commons, until bold continuance in office in despite thereof, produced its natural effect, divisions daily melting away from SO against him to 20-10-5-until he possessed as commanding a majority as he was before in R cheerless minority. Hia " Political Prin- ciples" changed so effectually that he intro- duced himself that very same India Bill, his own opposition to which caused the downfall of the Fox administration, and his own elevation f Mr. Burke, the greatest opponent to the place-the pension system, that brought the splendid oratory to bear against it, became himself a pensioner. The Duke of Wellington made use of the strongest expressions in Parliament against conceding one atom to the Catholics ; yet a few months only elapsed when he formed a chief com ponency of the administration which intro- duced and passed the great Emancipation Bill. Sir Robert Peel's party turned out Lord Melbourne's party by denouncing " Po- litical principles" in both Church aud State, which very same principles that very same party are now so entirely governed by, that it is said of them (we mentioned the occa- sion in a recent number), " it is a Tory minister governing upon Whig principles." And what are Tory and what are Whig principles ? The leaders of both parties de- fine these distinctions, the substance of the answer invariably by their respective pro- fessors is that the " principles" they profess arc those best calculated to effect the good of the country. Now as nothing in nature stands still, so have these political principles ever been found, from the very day when the terra was first used, to be in a constant state of change. It would he a lamentable descent on the subject to go to the newspapers of this little colony. We, however, cannot pass by 'a passage in the Courier, in which Captain Forster is reprimanded for allusion, in the Courier's apprehension, to this journal, the turnings about of which offend his pa 'triotic sensibilities. Let him look at his own. Surely it was a rapid turn from Ma hometanism to the Prelacy-from the Turk's Head to the_Mitre! -' ' -. .? «^ >-I A valued correspondent expresses great anxiety lest we .should have changed our political principles. He may rest assured we have done nothing of the kind. We are certainly not disposed to join in a blind op ^position to the Government, much less to assail the private character of the Queen's Representative-to combine wjth those who, to use His Excellency's words, " taking advantage of his situation as a Governor, dared to insult him by false statements and insinuations, and upon, whom he looked as contemptible cowards and anonymous'assas* sins ; and was he placed in any other situa- tion but that of Governor, he would know how to put down such conduct, with à gen~ tleman, m a moment." , " taking advantage" of this manly avowal of His Excellency, the Courier puts forth the following-we called them in our last indecent-we repeat the word, " indecent remarks :"- ' " Such is the language-we record it with re- gret-in which pur 'representative of Majesty' thinks proper, not only to address the Council, but the PUBLIC, from his seat in the Legislative Council Chamber. Wo know not against whom Sir Eardley Wilmot, 'taking, advantage of his position, levelleid his undignified ebullition of ill disguised feeling. .A moro indiscreet display of mortified vanity and vexation never escaped the Ups of a Lleutenant-Govornor. We cannot re collect a parallel. That numberless acts of folly and oj indiscretion have causod the private name of the Lleutenant-Governor to be1 lightly uttered in prieatf society, is matter of general notoriety and unavailing regret. His Excellency, in ad- dressing the .Council, and the PUBLIC, in the strong and extraordinary languago which ho uttered onThursday lost, lost aight of the dignity wliioh ought to' he, at least externally, maintained by a_ Lieutenant-Governor-especially by one who jhi>3 indulged in such" frequent allusions to himself 'as the Queen's .representativo-and succeeded only^n betraying the immeasurable weakness of the man. vWe must pity while we condemn It ha« passed into au'axiom- acknowledged and acted upon in England and her colonies-that when any mim becomes a publio servant, his conduut, both publio and private, is open to publio animadver- sion. The privilege which custom has thus as. sumcd may bo occasionally liable to abuse. Sir Eurdlov Wilmot, however, whether ia his private or publio capacity, is the last man who should complain. He is alike indebted to tho public, whose innate spirit of loyalty to any shape assum- ing the representative of their So vcrc'ign, is, and always has boon, abundantly manifested-and he i* deeply indebted to the forbearance of the Pi ess, which mighty instrument of public expression U seems alike to have been his misfortune and his fallu to provoke." > Now we adopt the words of the Courier. " We cannot recollect a parallel" of such in decent insolence as this, " either in England or her colonies," or in any other portion of the civilized world. The Courier dare to address such language as this .to Eng- lishmen, and in the very face of the Queen's Representative ? We know of no terms of reprehension strong enough to express the public indignation which this presumptuous indecency has so generally excited. Speak to who you will on the subject, high or low, rich.or poor, the universal exclamation is, ".it is indeed too bad." We cannot-wc would not insult His Excellency's dignity so much as to comment upon individual ex- pression?, but this we will venture to tell the Courier, that the friends of His Excellency scorn the execrable " insinuations" thus put forth Insinuations, in every case where they are used, proving their own falsehood, being, as they are, and as they were so ac- curately designated by the Governor, " the base out-pourings of contemptible cowards and assassins." The Courier asserts, " that His an established axiom,established and acted upon in England and in the colonies, that when any man becomes a public servant, his conduct, both publia and private, is open to public animadversion." Now wholly igno- rant as he shows himself to be, of the " axiom" he talks of, either in England or the colonies, yet he is defied to realize his miserable insinuations. Come forth with what you allude to. Out with it ! If you are base enough to insinuate, be at least manly enough to particularize. Let even a Governor have fair play, or confess yourself to be a calumniator-the worst sort of ca- lumniators-one who has not the shadow of pretence for his calumnies ! And is it to hold up the tail of such " principles" as these that our correspondent invokes us. No : we repeat what we have often asserted, our " political principles" are described in a few words-independent and unbiassed attachment to the best interests of " the land we live in," but never forget- ting that it is a colony-that as so being, it is part and parcel of the colonial system of England, and that it is the worst of igno. lance not to know that that system can never be infringed upon by any colony, from Canada the great to Van Diemen's Land tho little, until it is in a position to accompany the infringement with-"a declaration of independence." _ t WB mentioned in our last the receipt of the Estimates (commonly called " The Blue Book") for 1846. Previous to discussing their merits, we wish to draw attention to two errors which have been very assiduously impressed upon the public mind. In order to disabuse it of those errors, we intreat of all who wish to form a fair consideration of these estimates, to carry to it a recollection of FACTS as they really exist, and not to be influenced by empty declamation bottomed upon an utterly baseless foundation. We wish to draw the attention of the people to their real position, and to " the system" of which the colony they form com- poses a component part. We wish them not to imagiue that they can obtain any re- laxation of that system (one which is of establishment since the time of the Stuarts) -the great colonial system of England. We should as warmly support the establish- ment of any, the most advanced system of free Government, which the most free com- munity upon the face of the earth possesses (the people may depend upon it that demo- cracies in theory are the worst of tyrannie» in practice), as any of the loudest oouonents of " the things that be," was there the slightest possibility of effecting it ; but we wish to guard against the illusion with which it has been, and is, so strenuously endeavoured to hoodwink' the '.people and excite discontent, and no better method can be adopted than placing before them the "principles" which England insists upon in the Government of ALL her colonies, and from which she will admit no essential de- parture unless by force of arms. The leading feature of these "principles" is, that Eng- land shall possess the whole, sole, and un- restrained administration, through officen -of itsown appointment,,of the revenues of the colonies, UNTIL it sholl be able to pro- vide for the expense'of ita own Government, Vnd to make certain andpermanent support for the individuftlsj-sent by England to ad- minister that Government, the patronage of all of'whom is reserved to itself by England, and the emolumentary establishment of their respective offices determined by England. TnEN.aqualified representative Government, the machinery of which is still fixed by Eng- land, is permitted ; but its powers are limited to making laws for its internal government, and-be this borne in especial remembrance DETERMINING THE METH0D0FBAI8IN0 WHAT- EVER SUMS ENGLAND MAT ORDER TO ATTACH TO THE CIVIL ESTABLISHMENT, AND TO ALL THE INDIVIDUALS COMPOSING 1T.UP0NASCAL« OP REMUNERATION (Wary)lNVA*IABLYFHKD BY HERSELF. From this invariable " system England never baa' yet departed : a struggle to obtain a slight modification of it occa- sioned the j late outbreak in Canada : that outbreak occasioned great evils, and no one single'advantage to the colonists ; and until, as in the case of the united States, power^ is possessed by the 'people'to'ênforce their demands,by the sword, England never de- parts from a "5>ri»«>fe""which she consi- ders necessary touthé,'exÍ8tebce-of her colo- nial empire." ^Whethçfthisis.or is not, the most desirable state of things under which any people may live, ii another question, not now to be debated.. Our object is only to state the fact, the "principle" of which is, that all colonies nre supposed to 08 formed, l>y emigrants voluntarily quitting the 'parent,-«land for reasons of their own, and'earrying" with them drily so much of the rights they possessed m it; as they may £»4 permitted by thp parent land under the Government it has ¡established in the colony emigrated to. This is,the "rationale" of «11 colonies-this is the " principle " upon which they are'governed-this is the reason why references ,are invariably made to the colonial Minister of England in every matter of the slightest public' interest connected . with the colonies, or either of them-and this is the reason why all this commotion about the unconstitutionally of " taxation without representation" is so absurd, those who so exclaim forgetting that there is no ' constitution for colonies hut that which is made for them by especial Act of Parliament (the Huskisson Act for Van Diemen's Land), and that when constitutional rights are talked «bout, the colonial Minister would be asto- nished that the existing relations between the parent state and her colonies should be so little known as that it could be sup- posed tliat England would ever think of granHng to Van Diemen's Land what had never been 'done to any other colony, and even the Canadian relaxation, in the estab- lished "colonial system," was only con- ceded after a severe struggle »nd an enor- mous expense. The " constitution" recently granted to New South Wales has been re- ferred to by certain of the "patriots." What is it ? Is one atom of power more possessed than we haVe already defined in our explanation of the colouial system? Can the Legislative Council-two-thirds elected-do what the opposition require here ? Can retrenchment of any sort.take place ? Not in one penny of the expendi- ture which England has ordered to be pro- vided by New South Wales, not even in its appropriation. Such offices as England has not ordered, and in the exercise of its own ' patronage sent out ils own appointees to fill, or such expenditure (the improvement u of, the colony, for example, roads, budges, &c.;,) as the Council may consider necessary to go to for colonial purposes, the colonial Minister leaves entirely to themselves. " Raise the money as you please," he says, " apportion it as you like ; but the officers I appoint must be paid, and at the rate I have affixed. The Act of Parliament, )our ' con- stitution,' provides that certain sums shall be paid out of the general revenue for cer- tain services, those provided for as I dictate, do what you please with the remainder." The Council says, " We will not provide salaries for such and such offices or depart- ments." " Very well," says the Governor, " I will. I shall pay them out of the general revenue." The Collector of Customs will take care to pay himself and his department out of the Customs, and other public ser- vants are paid in the same manner. Amongst other plans for reduction, the Survey De- partment has been paiticularly mentioned. Now, how stand the facts in respect thereto ? Upon the removal of Major Boyd by Sir John Franklin (a remarkably kind act, as were all his removals, Major Boyd getting all his hack pay, promotion to the rank of Major.aud appointment to that distinguished corps the 29th Regiment), Captain-Bower, then Deputy - Surveyor - General of New Brunswick, having been " noted for promo- tion," was sent for by the colonial Minister, offered the appointment of Surveyor-General of Van Diemen's Land, and the salary fixed. Captain Power accepted it, his former office of Deputy-Surveyor-General was filled up, and he proceeded here with his family at a large expense and much inconvenience. The idea of reducing an office so appointed, is so absurd, that it is to be lamented so many words have been spoken, and so much paper wasted about it. But a screaming outcry .has been raised about the £5000 a month (not to exceed in all £25,000) borrowed, or J to 'be borrowed, from Mr. Dunn's bank. " What right has the Council," say the con atitutionists (without a constitution) "to encumber, the public revenue with such a " debt'?" The public revenue is not pledged * ,to Mr.Dunn at all ! The Crown land revenue is charged with the interest ; and if it is not x meant to deny that the Crowu possesses any rights at all, it has been rightfully, certainly (whether judiciously is not the question), < and it is one which can only be raised be- tween the Crown the proprietor of the lands charged, and tlfe Governor its representa- tive. So also other retrenchments which ? i the opposition speakers and writers commit themselves by calling upon the Governor to make, which,'even was he ever so much disposed to concede to their wishes (and a < miserable mess he would make of it if he . did) he has not the power-we assert it posi- tively-HB HAS NOT THE POWER to do SO, without the previous consent of the Secre- tary for the Colonies,-that the estimates might be reduced in such respects as would not interfere with the established regulation of the Secretary of State, is quite possible ' they ought to be reduced as between Eng- land and the colony, by making England pay such portion of the expense of Police, gaols, law, and many others occasioned by Britain having extended an existing complied com ipact with the, colony, and making it the general prison for the whole British empire, we have'tpvariably maintained, and continue to maintain; but that the retrenchments made by^Sir Eardley Wilmot are made solely by his own free-will and accord, neither the Council nor the colony having the slightest control in the matter, we think we have f shown conclusively. Whether this is, or is not, a very desirable " system" for English- men tojive under, we again say is not the question. We onlv state the plain fact that euch is the state in which they do live. We hear much talk about "constitutional rights" . and yie believe that the " place of call," where with " colours flying" all passers-by without distinction of person were invited to sign'all or sundry of the petitions, was re- cently agitated by the exhibition of a large placard, headed, " No taxation without re Î resent at ion." Now nonsense as this would e even in England, where, as is well kiiown, only oNB person out of every TWBNTT-TWO being "represented;" twenty-one out of that number are'"taxed without representation" -¿nonsense as that outcry would be even in England, it is ,h,ere infinitely tinore so, well knowing as some of the patriots do (the great majority; we admit, are kept in perfect darkness of the real'atate of things) that in no one colony of the British empire does what that placard would demand exist, we cannot but deplore that '.'agitation" should have been excited for no possibly available earthly purpose whatever. But *' the con- stitution" is loudly talked about. What Constitution ? The constitution of England ? 'Why, Sir John Pedder the Chief Justice would ,'not allow the Statute of James, n verv old part and parcel of the constitution j of England, to be called "law" heie, until the Colonial Act so calling it was sent to the colonial Minister to ascertain his plea- sure whether it should be law here or not. Now we only adduce this proceeding of the Chief Justice of the colony to show what perfect nonsense it is to talk about colonists possessing the " constitution" of England. But passing by other considerations, it is a well-known fact that the most eminent lawyers in England declare that it is utterly impossible that a country can possess-a con- stitution, that is to say, a fixed code of laws, which is so voluminous that no man ever yet lived who had read over, much less made j himself acquainted with, one-fiftieth part of them, and which is undergoing daily the most vitally important changes, so that what is unconstitutional to-day is constitutional to-morrow, and vice versa." We could elaborate this subject almost indefinitely, 1 but it is unnecessary. We now proceed to ' the estimates, which the local Government, by the authority of its master the Secretary for the Colonies, has made known for ïhe service of the ensuing year. ' ' ' The estimated expenditure for the past 1 year was £116.644, that for the present year is £101,638, being a reduction of £15,006. This is effected by various reduc ' tions, and by a per centage of salaries, His ' Excellency setting the example by docking £400 of his own. ' On this point the oppo 1 sidon paper, the Advertiser, comments with i fairness and liberality, and as we are accus 1 tomed to complain when he forgets those i " principles," so it is but just to praise when I it is due. Thus he comments on the volun- tarily made reduction of the Lieutenant ! Governor : " His Excellency, certainly, gives up at once £400, and if his remaining salary comfs with the sacrifices wrung from the remaining members of the ' we' he will give up £170, which makes his snlarv £3430, bemg £70 less than was fixed ,03 tho Governor's salary, and which was increased by a vole from the Council itself. Now, consi- dering his Excellency really holds a distinguished position, widely separated from that of any other man in the colony, official or otherwise-that he has a certain dignity to maintain-a certain style of living to support-that to him every tale of want is referred, and that, in a few instances, is the sup- plicant unrelieved-that the calls oj charity upon his purse are many-and that, in this respect, he more than tulfils the duties oj his office-we do think that his Excellency has made a sacrifice, and a consi- derable one. In him, and in him alone, are united the working official and the pageant. Ho must i maintain some of the show of office All the other officials aie îcquired merely to work. That is, the colony requires no more, and as it pa} s them, it has no right to pay for more than it requires.'' Now this is certainly fair and candid, but judging from what our contemporary has ! thus fairly and candidly admitted, how much I further would he have gone in that same i spirit had he known the following fact. - I The Lieutenant- Governor proposed to those ' by whose opinions he permitted himself to be guided, ¿AaiTWENTY-FIVE PER CENT. i should be ^deducted from all salaries above^ I £200 per'annumi notwithstanding the serious I responsibility to the Secretary of State which such retrenchment would occasion ! His Ex- cellency was over-ruled. This saving would I have produced upwards of FOUR THOUSAND I POUNDS per annum to the public I We offer I not one word of comment upon this fact. I We only ask of Englishmen, does such a ' Governor deserve the wicked insinuations I which have been in so truly dastardly a 1 manner put forth against him ? | We now proceed with the Estimates. I None of the public officers have volunteered 1 to add to the five per cent, reduction which was determined upon. The salaries of His Excellency, the two Judges, and the Bishop are placed in the same item, and amount to £7,100. His Excellency's establishment is > reduced in fact £31. The expense of the j four orderlies is removed to this head from the Police. The Colonial Secretary's de- ' partment was last year £2,957 ; this year it is £2,495 ; saving £462. Treasurer and Collector much as before. Audit depart- ment last year, £1,602 ; this year, 1,480; saving £142. Customs, Hobart Town, last year, £3,173; Launceston, £1,928; total this year, £5,223. Post-office, last year, £6,771 ; this year, £7,026. Here an im- portant change might be effected without encreasing the expense: the whole of the Ho- bart Town office salaries amount to £1,200 ; of this the Postmaster-General, as he is called, who really does nothing but sit by the Post-office fire and read the newspapers, gets almost one-half, £450 ; while the real . workers, the four clerks, who are at all calls, day and night, get only the balance among ' them; We would deduct £150 from the ' sinecurist, and give it to the workers ; the salaries would then stand thus:-Postmaster j for doing nothing, £300 per annum ; Ac- countant and Chief Clerk, who made the office, £300; one clerk, £180; one clerk.! £150; one clerk, £130 ; one clerk, £120., Thus the expenditure would be the same. | We regret to find that the local Government has determined upon encreasing the rates of postage, the large sum of fifty per cent. His Excellency may depend upon it,*'for the rea- sons we offered in a recent number, the re- venue will decrease, while the public will be inconvenienced ; added to which, a more unpopular measure than a tax upon commu- nication could not be resorted to. Port office department, last year, £5,079 ; this year, £3,690; saving £1,389. The Port officer receives as before, one-half of his sa- lary of £500 per annum from England, the other half from the colony. The Registrar of Births, &c;, is abolished. Government Printer, last year. £1100 ; this year, £1022. Now comes the Leviathan, which we fully admit, and could show to dempnstratiou, ought to be paid in about the proportion of two-thirds by England, and one-third by the colony ; but as to effecting such a bene- ficial act of common justice, it is wholly out of the power of the local Government. The sense of justice alone it is to be hoped will induce the Secretary of State to accord it. The entire expense last year, was £30,817 ; this year it is £21,859 ; saving £9,958. Of this the colony ought, we again say, in com- mon decency, to pay not more at the very utmost than £10,000 per annum. Public Works, last year, £2,480 ; this year. £800 ; saving £1,6893 But as the Road Act is rejected, the amount will of course be as before. Judicial, last year, £19.328 ; this year, £18,015; saving£l,313. Ecclesias- tical, last year, £13,642; this year. £11J,580; saviug £2,062. The parsons afford i a fine field for retrenchment; at all events we would du away with house and forage al- low iinci-, mid, make all the glebes available nut to the private purses of the parsons, but to the public reveuue. Appropriate them to the credit of the head " Pauperism." The Seoretary of State would readily consent to this. Pensions as before. Pauperism much the same. Miscellaneous^ last year, £6,294 ; this year, £8,490 ; increase, £1,196. These are the items of Expenditure : now for the " Ways and Mean«." The Govern- ment take them at £106,332, but we greatly fear that they will be found vastly inferior to the calculation, particularly if the pro- posed method of increase is adopted, which we are well convinced will (to use an Irish ¡ ism) produce a loss. The Postage we have already said will assuredly fall off. The Licenses to Publicans will also, for not one ! of the respectable public houses, who have no " sly night work," but with difficulty pay the present £25 : doubling 'it is íeally so very ill-calculated to attain the desired object, that if it is the plan of the Colonial Secretary alone, without the advice of others, we should certainly consider him-as some of the advocates of the abolition of the transportation system have been designated -a " monomaniac." The Ways and Means are thus calculated, we sinceiely regret to say, in our apprehension, at least one-quarter more than they will realise : Customs. £70,000 Post-office. 5,500 'Additional Tax .. 1,500 England pays for Con- vict Postage . i ..' 1,500 Licenses.' 9,876 Additional .. .. ' 5,000 Quit- Rents .. .. '2,500 I Rent of Gov. Property 200 j Fees of Public Officers ' ' (a very bad and op-! pressive tax) .. .. 8,402 Ferries ,. .. *... 1,657 Five per cent, on all Salaries above £200 '" 897 England pays for Con- vict Printing .. .. 300 TOTAL REVENUS £106,322 The Lund Fund occupies separate expla- nations ; but being the exclusive property of the Crown, we suppose his Excellency pub- lishes it for public information. The total land revenue last year was estimated at £2782 ; this year it is estimated at £13,600, being an increase of revenue of £10,818. Last year the total charge therefrom was £4742 ; this year it is £5275, being an in- crease of £533. It is to be observed that the sum of £1750, as estimated to be paid from the 1 ,and Fund, interest on the whole amount of the loan of £25,000 contracted to be lent by Mr. Dunn's bank, not charged i on the general revenue, as has been erro j neoubly repoited, nor indeed specifically upon the Land Fund, but nevertheless it is upon that fund, the unquestioned properly of the ^CcfliwJ-that it is charged. There will be a sum of £11,225 to be provided, which with the sum of £9408 voted, but not expsnded, is required to make up deficiencies of the year 1844. Our readers have now before them the substance of the proposed expenditure, and the estimated revenue. There is one item in the Judicial estimate which we cannot j pass without one word of comment. We , mean the Court of Requests ; we have men I tioned it iu another place ; we shall only i therefore say, that the whole colony im- plores of His Excellency not to allow the i Session of Council to pass over without abating so fearful a scourge. With the preliminary observations with which we introduced the Estimates, we now leave them to the calm consideration of the i public. 