LAU.NCKSTON : Tmurbday EvF-xiNfi, Nov. 6, 1845. Six members otMlie Legislative Council, Messrs. Kerr, Grefson, Kermode, Strans ton, Dry, anil Vcnion, have rcsigucil tlieir seats. Protest iias succeeded ^iiotest — session after session-^for some half-score years, against llie |.olice and gaol expendi ture, whilst the amount has been voted by nliant iinn-ndiclils' dimler Drotest as afore said) to meel llie wliining entreaty of suc cessive Governors, tliat tlicir government might not be embarrassed; but Secretaries of State have continued to treat the pro lesls and the remonstrances of our coun cillors with silent contempt. The crisis, it was Co be expected, would have arrived long ago ;? but Sir ErniDlBY Wilmot lias forced it on at last; and all the really in dependent men in his council liave Bimul taneously resigned. To a report of the proceedings in the Legislative Council, we have deioted as mueli space as possible in our columns to day. We think it highly important that this report be circulated as widely as pos sible j and more particularly in Eoglaud ; ond to accomplish this, that liie columns of every newspaper in the colony should be occupied therewith. Ono paper maybe Been and read in circles where others are not koown, aud may Uius be instrumental in imparting instruction in quarters where ignorance pfourjealposiuon as a colony would otherwise «ipnUnue to exist. Such a report of proceedings is worth pages o commentary, in'.-'cotayeying to the world the actual circuinstancesty which eo large a proportion ?of^nianlxsis - of » tegistatiy council have been forced into a resignation of their important offices. The people of England are slow to believe the -injustice perpetrated in tlieir colonies; they must he constantly advised of the abounding iniquities of tlieir colonial system : and no popular representation -could be ol such importance in llie accomplishment of this object, as reports of the recent proceedings in our Legislative Council Cliamber— re- sulting, as these proceeding have. done, in the resignation of three-fourths of the unofficial members of council. The decided ultimate measure of the members who have thus nobly asserted their independence, although anticipated by the recent course of events in .the council chamber, produced an astounding effect on the public mind when announced in Laun ceston yesterday. With feverish anxiety the public will watch to see if there is any man amongst them who will be base enough to accept office under llie present govern ment. . \ We are glad to hear that immediate steps arc to be taken lo demonstrate the public appreciation of the conduct of tlii retiring members, and lo bring before tlie Queen and Parliament the intolerable tyranny of Downing-strcet officials. Not i moment is to be lost, and the inhabitant! of every district of the island ought wanrly to cn |agcin this all-important demonstration. ._ iSL I We have South Australian pnpprs to the 18th October. Mnjor llodE, tlie new Go vernor, had arrived, via the overland route to Bombay, and hence to .Adelaide by the Hon. East India Company's sloop of war, Elphinstone, which ship will convey Go vernor Guey to New Ztolaud. Major Rode landed at Adelaide on llie 14th October, in al-oul seventy-five days from London, and vas gazetted on llie I7th October. It is reported that the Elphinstonc will call al Hobart Town on her way lo New Zealand. The ntiv Governor was formerly military secretary to Sir William Nicolay, at the Isle of France. Out of the most respectable public meet ings we ever remember to have seen in Launceston, was held on Tuesday, pur suant to advertisement, at the Cornwall Hotel, for the purpose of considering a pe tition to the Imperial Parliament, with re ference to the importation of grain and flour, the produce of the Australasian colo nies into Great Britain, free of duty, or upon the same terms as the produce ol Canada. William Akcheu, Esq. was called to the chair. Before the general proceedings of the meeting were entered upon, Mr. Sinclair proposed a subscription for the purpose of defraying the necessary expenses connected with the petition, its presentation, advertising in the Times news paper, &c.; The chairman briefly but clearly stated the business of the day, and the re solutions and petition advertised in another column were unanimously adopted. About £60 was collected towards defraying the expellee of petitioning, &c.; and it was ar ranged that additional contributions for the same object should b; solicited by various parties in the country districts. We are particularly gratified to find that at this meeting a most distinct recognition has been made of Uic valuable services of Mr. Hutt, and other meraberaof lbe House of Commons, as well as of Ihe able advocacy of the Times and qtrfef London journals who supported Mr. Htrr's mo tion. This, as far as we have observed, has been overlooked in meetings ou the same subject in New South Wales; cer tainly the public sense of such services has not been founally expressed, by resolution, al any other meeting, although individual speakers have concurred in acknowledging their value to the colonies. New South Wales.— Dji. Leiouaiidt.— : Our renders will remember that from time to lime we have given from tbe Sydney papers ' iccounts of the reported destruction of tbe Esplorer and bis party, by tb.e natives in tbe interior of Ken' Holland, and of die proposed measures resorted to fur the discovery of lbe truth of this distressing report. A Mr. Hodg son, who, accompanied by a party of eight other persons, started from Moreum Bay to fulfil the important and aniiouB duty of making enquiries willi reference to lbe report of tile travellers dentil, returned to Moreton Uny on llie 29tb September, after (laving travelled upwards of eight hundred miles; and the re sult of bis investigation lias been to satisfy him that the reports are false, and that .l}f. ]« and is liltle baud of adventurers nre proceeding safely on their expedition. It will be seen by our extracts ftom Sydney papers that Sir TbunuM Mitchell is ubout taking his departure on his overland expedition to l'ort Essingtou. The ship Jane ond tbe barque Henry, from London, arrived here yesterday morniug. It lias been exactly ten months since the Jane cleared the beads fur England— slic was sig nalised as ' safe out' on the 5tll January last. The Jane is laid on for Mauritius to sail about lbe *25tli tustaut. Minkuals.— A valuable specimen of lend ore baB beeu fuunil recently in a quarry wilbin tbe township of Geelong, Tort Phillip. The annual meeting of the Cornwall Iu surance Company will be belli at tlieir office, in Brisbane- street, to-morrow, at twelve o'clock. Insolvent Coonr.— It is grotifyingio find tbe business of tuis court declining.; There were no cases fur hearing on Wednesday. Tub West Tamad. Nuisance.— Tbrousrh tbe vigilant* or Mr. Midgclcy and Mr. Uavifl, tliere is little doubt but the supposed 'ghost,' that has been such a source of annoyance to the family of Mr. Plummer, bus been discovered ulthough not sufficiently conclusive to guaran tee its arrest. AKT1QDITIKS.--At Trewes lliere have been recently found cast-iron pipeB used by die Romans for warming apartments. Wrc are compelled to omit many local notices in this number. 