Miscellaneous Extracts. A FASHIONABLE CHURCH AND FASH- IONABLE CONGREGATION. — Clifton church, though a parish church, and a church capable of accommodating a large number, is not to any extent the church of the parishioners ; the rich and the non-resident occupy the reserved seats and those few that are still nominally free are filled by servants, as impatient as their masters of the poor man's contiguity to their lace and livery. It is not the church of the poor man ; he has no busi- ness there in that atmosphere of eau de Cologne and bouquet de la reine, where the glitter of gilt-edged prayer-books and the rustle of brocades present sounds and sights extraordinary to humble com- prehensions. The rich must worship, it is true, as well as the poor ; and agree- able spectacle as it is to see the poor attend in truth and sincerity, the rich joining in the services of the church in humbleness and reverence is a still more gratifying sight ; but the poor ought not to be kept out of their own parish church — from the pews by the rich, and from the free-seats by their powdered footmen. It is such exclusiveness when carried into the church that begets those hostile feelings Bulwer so truly represents in the character of the old woman in Engene Aram, when she says " the scriptures are the comfort of the poor, for they tell us it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for the rich man to enter the king- dom of heaven." The congregation of Clifton, too, generally carry the easy lounge of the drawing-room into the church ; they make themselves as com- fortable as they can during the Confession, Litany, and other prayers, in contempt, if nothing else, of the 18th canon, which says, "All manner of persons [no excep- tion, you see, for magnificent] then present shall reverently kneel upon their knees when the general Confession, Litany, and other prayers are read, and shall stand up at the saying of the Belief, according to the rules in that behalf prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer." PERSECUTION. — Nearly on the summit of a high hill, overlooking the early por- tion of the city of Bristol, did our popish progenitors select a site for the shrine of of St. Michael the Archangel ; and nearly on the same spot, in the reign of Queen Mary, of red- hot memory, did their des- cendents make a bonfire of sundry poor shoemakers and weavers, who were un- reasonable enough to require more than thee mere word of a few monks for the existence of purgatory and the real pre- sence. But I am willing to think that the spirit which dictated such acts is pas- sing away from man's breasts — that all persuasions are ashamed of persecution, and that if we could ever again see either a Bonner or a Calvin, it would be hard to find a community to countenance the ferocity of the one, or the fanaticism of the other, so far as either or both went to the shedding of blood. It was an old story or demonology, that the witches were wont to make candles of men's fat, in order to see the secrets of hell—and certainly it is not by the light of such human sacrifices at once blazed on the summit or St. Michael's hill that the beauties of a system, religious, political, or social can be seen ; the authors of such atrocities, only make manifest to men their own iniquity, and do the cause of Christian moderation a mighty service. A CHURCH EPIDEMIC. — The morning was hearty, cold, clear, and frosty, and each person as he or she entered the church presented that peculiar appearance which indicates so well the pungent state of the atmosphere outside. Their habiliment, told too of the arrival of winter. First came madam, with muff and tippet; then, perhaps, one or two little girls, cloaked and beaver-bonnetted, followed by a tiny brother, close buttoned to the chin, and his hands buried in a pair of woollen mittens; the family cortege winds up with the father who conscious that he has to provide food for the little mouths in front, thinks his life of value, and fortifies himself in folds of broad cloth against the contingencies of the climate. Such a group as this entered almost with me, and soon after they had taken their seats, mamma distributed to each little mouth a large medicated horehound lollypop, as an antidote against the shrewd air of a November morning ; this however did not prevent the elder girl coughing, which she did, I suppose to prove the ne- cessity of maternal precaution. And every- one knows how catching a cough is in church — so sooner had she given this sig- nal of distress than her sister followed, then a family in the next pew commenced, and were answered by two elderly gentle- men from the north ailse, who were echoed in the other ; presently the noisy epidemic mounted to the south gallery, and thence extending to the organ loft, set the choir going in a manner less musical than usual, the senior churchwarden was the next whom it seized by the throat, though the moment the barking commenced, he pulled a paper of hippo lozenges from his pocket, and lastly , as if to complete its noisy vagaries, the affliction fell amongst the children of the parochial school, and some fifty lads of tender ages and nose retroussés, were in a moment off in full cry, with as much per- tinacity as if they were having rehearsal on Hullah's system. A GHOST STORY. — Some years have now passed since the son of a merchant in the west of England had occasion to make a voyage to North America for the settlement of some affairs with that foreign branch of the house, leaving a sister in delicate health, but not absolutely an invalid at home. He arrived safely, and was received under the roof of his brother, who managed the business in America. A few days after his arrival he made his appearance at the breakfast table with an aspect as woe begone and haggard that his brother was alarmed " You are not well," said he; " what is the matter?" "Nothing, I am quite well in body." Then, brother, some- thing has happened; do not conceal it from me." There was a pause ; and then the elder born, looking steadfastly in his brothers face, said, "Mary is dead: I saw her last night!" "Our sister?" "Yes." In vain did the youngest brother reason with the elder upon the folly of giving way to such de- lusions. The solemn reply was, "she is dead, I saw her and spoke with her at half-past twelve last night." Finding all remonstrance vain, the younger noted the time, not with any belief in the fatal announcement ; but for the purpose of hereafter convincing his brother of the absurdity of yielding to such melancholy impressions. The business which led the elder brother abroad having been transacted, he returned to England ; and when the ship that brought him home came to anchor, his father's boat in which was an old servant of the family came alongside; he was in mourning. " How is my father and mother?" hastily enquired the son. " Master and mistress are quite well, but -" " You need not go on the — th" — naming the night and hour. And t was so — Hood's Magazine. Island of Rum. — We understand the Marquis of Salisbury has purchased this island for the sum of £24,000, to form a shooting ground or deer forest, for which it is well adapted. In former times Rum was one vast forest, and it is still desig- nated in the Gaelic language " the king- dom of the wild forest. " The island is about eight miles long and seven broad. In consequence of two great emigrations of the people lo 1826 and 1828, the po- pulation was reduced from 400 to 100 or 130. MARVELLOUS EFFECTS OF GUANO AND ELECTRICITY. — A Yankee lad, whose father was a farmer, went into a barn to play, a short time ago ; and being de- lained a prisoner by a thunder storm, he fell asleep upon a bag or guano. The old gentleman when the storm was over went into the farm-yard to look for his son, and met a giant, eight feet high coming out of the barn. "Hallo! who are you ?" he cried ; what are you doing here? "Why, father," squeaked the Goliath, " it's me ; don't you know Tom- my ?" " You !" the astonished parent exclaimed ; " why, Tom, how on airth did you get stretched out so long in so short a time ?" " Why, father," replied the boy, looking down upon the gaping old man, " I slept upon them bags of guano as you put in the barn, and that and the lighting together has done the business !" 