!S. I'N 19 CO.U8IN TOM;' : ' ? on. '- ?MEN AND MOTIVES. ' , 'Poor Jack .Martin:! Nay, we do him previous wrong — ♦for he was not poor ; hut rich, imperial, in his simplo honesty. He wanted — excellent want! — a sense of .poverty. He woro a whole coat — had rarely a fracture in his shoe — slept under a roof of nights, and could sometimes boast of five shillings in Jiis pocket. Hence, ?Jack — ignorant Jack ! — never dreamt of any worldly ?difference between himself and Tom Martin ; his pros perous, and most ambitious cousin. ' God bless you ! he did n't sco me,' Jack would say to a companion, when having nodded, with a twinkling eye to Tom, the nod was unreturned, Tom quickening his pace, and looking into the sky, to avoid his pauper cousin. ' Depend onT he never saw me — bless you! — one of the best fellows in the world ; always so pleased to see roe ' And such was .Jack's innocent belief; he could not understand that Tom —an old schoolfellow, liis blood relation Tom — took any glory to himself from the seven hundred a-year, and the 'very genteel acquaintance acquired by the graco of such an income, to the disadvantage of cousin Jack — good- tempered, merry-hearted Jack; who, we may observe'/, defied fortuno with seventy-five pounds per annum; terrible odds ; the more especially, when increased by thd addition of one wife and two children. Jack enjoyed — roiy we say as much — a small clerkship, and seemed ono of tho many whom fortune forgets either for good or evil. Years and years passed, and Jack Martin was only a poor clerk. . Tom Martin was not to be so overlooked. Ho attacked fortune with a boldness, a laughing confidence, which when successful, is considered tho certain evidence of genius : if it fail, it is rashness, ignorance, gross presump tion. Jack and Tom started in life from the same point; Jaok crept a step or two and than stuck fast : whiUt Tom took ogre's strides into tho pleasant places of the world. At times tliey met, or rather passed eauh other; nothing inducing Jack to suspect that there was the slightest distinction between them — that Tom, except from a growing defect gt vision, could have failed to see him. 'Poor follow ! he always used to bo dim- sighted,' Jack would say'-; ' but bless me ! how very fast ho walks. Capital fellow, cousin Tom — always very fond of mo.' It was, in truth, an annoyance to Tom, that his extra ordinary position in the world — his increasing reputation in tho market ; was wholly unacknowledged by his vulgar cousin Jack ; who saw cousin Tom — and would have scon only couBin Tom, had bo been clothed in cloth of gold, and dubbed a knight. Tliero was tho samp laugh — the sarao gripo of the hand — when Tom found impossible to avoid the grasp — the satno kind salutation as in former yoara. Tom, when confronted by Jack, seemed humiliated by his very heartiness ; his robust welcome awoke a re collection of former annoyance. .Jack rose before the prosperous Tom the ghost of departed poverty. . ' What an excellent fellow, is my cousin Tom 1' Bald Jack, worm from ono of these ineotings, to a brother clerk — a fellow vassul — in the office of Smith and Smith. . ' What's he done, Jaok ?' asked his friend. ' O, he's done nothing,' replied Jack ; ' but ho's a fine follow! So anxious about me.' 'Well, I am happy to hear it. I suppose he promises something, then V . ' Not at all ; but he has given me capital advice. Tom was always fond of me.' ' '« Advice ? And shall you take it, eh, Jack ? ' asked bis companion. ' ' ' I can't say I shall ; but, poor fellow! ho. meant It well — a good-hearted erodturo ! I'll toll you all about it. You see this morning, as I was going along Chcnpsido, I met Tom between Alderman Poger and Snarl the common-councilman. 'What! cousin Tom,' says I, and canght hold ot his hand — ' how are you ? How are you, cousin Tom 1 ' ' And what said the alderman and ? ' ' O, .they nodded and laughed to Tom, and no doubt, thinking I 'd something particular to say to my cousin, they dropped his arm, and walked on.' u And was your cousin,' asked Jack's friend drily, ' very much pleased at the meeting ? ' 'lobe sure he was — havo n't I told you, Tom was always so fond of me ? ' ' Well, and his advice ? ' ' Why, lie asked me to walk down Gutter-Une with him ; and when we had gone a little way, he stopped, and looking at roe in his kiud, good way, he laid, * Cousin John,' ? ?'John!' «« « Suy Jock,' says I, 'cousin Tom — no John between relations— Jack as always ' — ' Jack,' says be, - what's your present salary ? ' — ' Seventy- livo pounds a-year,' says I. ' It's very little,' says he, and I could n't deny it ; ' very little for a man of your talents.' — ' Why,' says I, 'not to (-ay much about talents, I've known greater fools get a good deal more ; but never mind that.' — 'And you've a wife and two children ? ' says he. ' Ha ! you've never conic and taken a bit with us,' says I, 'as you promised; cousin Sally would be so happy' — 'Well, I will como,' suys be ; ' but now to business. A wife and two children '.' ' say* he. ' Between you and me,' says 1, ' there's flannel wanted for a third.' — ' It's a great pity/ nays he. ' Can't bo helped,' says I. ' However,' says Tom, ' this makes the matter more urgent. Cousin Jack, you're wasting your abilities in England — you are, indeed}' and poor fellow he seemed quite concerned as he spoke. ' What would you have me do then ? ' says I. ' Do ! ' says ho, ' why I would n't have you stop another week in London ! If you want to be a man, — they 're the words of a friend, Jack, — and here he squeezed my band quite like a brother, — ' go to New Zealand : there s no place like it — four harvests a-year and no taxes — good-bye! but do go to New Zealand.' ' Cousin Tom, in bis benevolent condescension, had fre quently promised to dine with cousin Jack, and, as Jack nimsolf would insist upon calling her, cousin Sally. Twice had Tom named tho day — twice had Jack mortgaged something of the comforts of the ensuing six days, that he might make the Sunday banquet more worthy of the patronage of Tom. Twice had cousin Sally — a plain, homely, little woman — been thrown into a fluster by the promised cousin Tom. More : Tom had been promised by Jack to the children as a most especial treat, and the littlo ones counted the days and then the hours for the arrival of tho mysterious, the wonderful cousin Tom. ' Bleu my heart, Sally !' cried cousin Jack, as the church clock struck two, 'I hope nothing has happened to dear cousin Tom.' ' Happen to him,' cried cousin Sally, with lowering discontent, and an expressive look at a shoulder ol' mutton dished and saddening before tho fire ; _ whilst covered plates upon tho hobB gavo token of turnip-tops and dumplings — ' what should happen to him.' ' Ho couldn't havo mistaken me — I'm sure I said one o'clock,' observed Jack, looking anxiously towards tho window, whore his two children, with noses flattened against tho panes, were watching for cousin Tom. ' This is the third time he has made a fool of us,' ex. claimed cousin Sally. 'Don't talk In that way, Sally; if he don't come now, something must havo happened to him. He promised to come, and ho's so fond of me! An excellent creature, cousin Tom.' ? . . . ;?' ,Tho mutton *s rags,' , said cousin Sally,, frowning on thoscethiiig joint. . ' ..,./. ..'.,' ''[,., t T.',,, '-,'..'; *.' V^/i' ' 'Always a man of his word,' said the liusband. , ,*., : . . . 'Turnip-tops not worth a. farthing, continued.' cousin saiiy.- ?'. i / ; '-.,?. : : ', ]??.'.'.'. -''i.\:!r ',.]'.'„.., . ' Little forgetful, but has a heart of gold.' , ;, ' ' t. , ; ' Dumplings liko lead.' , ' .l.- ' .'. .] ' l.u ') '.,; .- *:^, .' , ,, ' Here's cousin!' lisped one of the children, '''cousin Tpmi' ' ,- .;. .'' ?;:::.-'?'?' v '':'';,; ' No, it isn't,' said tho eldpr, ' 't is only a.fun'oral.J',,; For the third time, cousin Tom disappointed tlib hopes of tho too-sanguino Jack. In justico, however, to Tom, we must stato that his promises to dinq wero rather in ferred by Jack, than seriously mado by 'tho prosperous cousin. 'To-morrow 's Sunday,' Jack has cried, suddenly coming upon tho unguarded Tom, at tho timo 'in'hjgh conversation with very genteel acquaintance, ' you, must come — one o'clock — plain Jiving you know— mutton 'ami dumplings— you always liked dumplings— say you, will como.' '...?' . ? '.' On this, Tom, liko Hotspur,- 'nil smarting' ; would make anwor, ho ' would,' or ' could not,' which answor Jack, in his gladness, immediately received as a 'serious Eledjro ; and for this reason — a reason only discovered y himself — ' Cousin Tom was so lond of him,' !? ,V Cousin Tom yearned for high connexions. ' Having fairly sweated to achiovo tho honour, cousin Tom was becomo a member of a small club. For many days ho had hung upon the looks of the Honourable Alexander Pulington, a gotlcman of somewhat conlincd means, and limited understanding. Happy moment ! At precisely five minutes past one o'clock, on the first of April, 18—, the hand of cousin Tom was for tho first time suffered to grasp tho two outstretched fingers of tho Honourable Alexander Fulington. We are thus scrupulous as to the time, as it was the most important in Tom's existence! As the great Danish sculptor once called his birth-day, that day on which he first ontered Rome, so did Tom only begin to live from the squeczo permitted to him by the benignant Pulington ! The day was Sunday — a May Sunday ; and tho friend ship of Tom of his Honourable friend had becomo raoro flowing with the KvnRon. What could have brought the lonourablo Alexander Pulington into tho northern suburbs, wo cannot guess ; let it suRico, he was somewhere in Caindon.town ; and wanduring in that unknown region was suddenly encountered by cousin Tom. We bIiuU not chronicle all the discourse that ensued upon the meeting ; however, wo may state that Tom ventured to call bis Honourable friend 'a devil of a fellow,' Pulington smiling a muto confession to tho charge. Moreover, an elderly^ spinster, passing, with a largo Prayer-book, cast a withering look at tho tivo frionds, one of whom was at the time laughing very irreverently, whilst tho other, as it seemed to tho lady, incoherently exclaimed, ' D — d fine— d— d fino — quite un angel.' . ? , ': . Thus stood tho friends, and thus, soul communing with soul, they laughed away tho moments, .whon suddenly nousin Tom was roused to tho gross ovouht of wayfaring life by a most vehement slap on tho shoulder. . Quick as thought ho turned, nnd — oh, slmmo !— oh, horror !— .oh, death to his new-born friendship with tho Honourable Alexander Pulington ! — Thoro stood cousin Jack, all his good-natured faoo melting with a smile, his right hand outstretched, while his left foro-fingor pointed.graeefully nnd significantly down io his foot, whore in a rod dish smoked a breast of veal, that moment from tho baker's— , a breast of veal hissing and bubbling on, a bed of brown potatoes! . .:?'... . : ? «a^ ; VI know you'd come — I told Sally thorff'niust have boon a mistake. Sho said, it was pride— but la. 1 I knew you'd, drop In upon us and take potluok — como along ; bring your friend with you— there'll bo quito enough 5 and. you Ml bowclcomo. Sir, as tho flowors in May.; Hore, Tommy,' and cousin Jack turned to his eldest boh, a plump urchin of sevon years old, glistening in a whito pinafore, and carrying in his two hands a mug of porter, 'Cousin Tom,' and Jack smiled again as he displayed; the boy, ' you know he's your namesake- ; I christened him after you, becauso I knew you woro always so. very, fond of mo. Here, Tommy, run to tho Coach-and-Horses' and tell 'em to send home another pot of beer, in thoir own . pot — mother won't mind tho halfpenny; and now, cousin Tom, if you and your friend will just follow mo. down that court ? ' , ?, J , Tho despairing artist, feeling that tho passion of his heroine defied his skill, modestly yet cunningly hung a' veil boforo her. A liko difficulty suggests to us a liko escape : We shall not attempt to describo tho agony of cousin Tom — tho tortures of the moment. Talk of tho punishment of the brazen bull ; what was it to the horrors of that broast of veal 1 Wo will not linger on tho theme, but simply assure the reader that neither Tom nor his friend, tho Honorable Alexander Puliugton, dined with cousin Jack. Wo have, however, to record another pain ful 'incidont arising from this ill-timed hospitality. After many struggles, cousin Tom was compelled to quit tho club :. for a month ho wrestled with his destiny; but it was too much for the nerves of a stoic that his appoaraneo should be the inevitable signal to divers members to com moncc an earnest enquiry of tho waiters if thoro was in tho house a breast of veal, with particular and most sig nificant queries touching baked potatoes. How cousin Jack was anathomatized by cousin Tom ! A year or two passed away, and cousin Tom fell in lovo ; it was prudent in him to have an intonso affection for Dorothea Sybilwitz, the only child of a German baron, who, philosophically regardless of the evanescent advantages of nobility, dovoted his many days to tho vending of a certain precious ointment, made patent by tbo state. Tho daughter of tho medicinal philosopher had a dowry of i£20,000 ; sho h.id, moreover, a vory propor notion, of tho delightful privileges of wordly station, hlio was a mere woman, and wus not content to sink tho nobility inherited from her father in her father's gallipots. Hence Dorothea Sybilwitz, as the phraso runs, looked high. How it happened, let Cupid answer ; but certain it is, that with all these aspirations, Dorothea fell in lovo with cousin Tom. It was true — she reasoned with herself — ho had no high relations to recommend him ; but, then, ho had no poor beggarly connexions to cast a shadow on her. golden fortunes. It was thus Dorothea compromised between her love of nobility and her lovo for cousin Tom. Rank was, after nil, an abstract idea ; whereas cousin Tom was really a tall, well-mado young fellow, with vory tantalizing whiskers. Tho match was sotlled — Dorothea Sybilwitz was tho affianced bride of cousin Tom. , What a lovely day was the Derby day of 1837 ! Cousin Tom, within one month of his coming marriage with Do rothea Sybilwitss, with his bride and twofcmnlo friends; took the road to Epsom. Thoro never was such a delightful day: even tho confusion that now and then occurred upon tho way, served to give a whet, a zest, to tho pleasures of tho Bccno. ' A. thousand and a thousand vehicles lined the/road. Cousin Tom was, all attention, and Dorothea SybilwitK was all bliss, ? whon suddenly a voico roared abovo. the :: hubbub, 'Tom, Torn — cousin Tom, I say,' and Tom, casting his oyes down beheld, in a low, spring oart, drawn by n pony something, less than a Newfound land dog, tho ;smiling,,hnppy; cousin Jaok I ,'',How are you,' cousin Tom ?— here wo are, you boo— hero, 'a Sally, and hero ,'s tho ? two., boys— ;and hero's baby; , couldn ,'t loavo baby behind, you know — and hero 's Mr. and Mrs. Simcox, all neighbours and friends— boautiful pony that ; small ; .but 1 ?ll hot ; you a bottlo of, ginger boor ;that-lio keeps up wltli you all tho way.' .; . ... ?-.,_? .-..,., . i;,.,,,! ?'Cousin Toni's fuco becamo yellow as his glovo/ and; 'Miss ' Dorothea Sybilwitz with ashy lips, and terriblo »eyes,'said rautteringly, ' Cousin ! Cousin!' Cousin'Tom'; said nothing ; but cousin Jack was rcsolvod to bo soon, bocausb ho knew cousin Tom was so fond of liira. ' : ; m Tom, cousin Tom,' he cried, 'here's Sarah! Don't you know your cousin Sarah.?' and the husband with a; look of triumph pulled tho coat of cousin Tom, compelling him to glaucc at cousin Sarah, at tho tirao in a coarse straw bonnett and cotton shawl, suckling her last-born.' 'So you're going to be married, Tom, are you? — I heard' something of it — well I wish you joy ; and I wish you joy* ma'am, for I can see by your blushing and biting your lips, that ? ' To tke inexpressible relief of cousin Tom, the postillions cut out of the 'line and distanced the pony-chaise; hence eousin Jack could see no more. Miss Dorothea Sybil witz had, however, -learned the existence of a horribly poor, and therefore horribly -low cousin, and Dorothea smiled not again that day. Early the next morning — even whilst cousin Jack was at his breakfast — cousin Tom, threading the intricacies of the Brill, Caradcn Town, presented himself at the humble dwelling of the poor lawyer's -clerk. 'I knew some day you'd come to nee mo — I was euro you would,' cried joyous cousin Jack ; .' because, though you are a little better off than I am, still I knew that could make no difference to you; no, no, I kn»w you were still very ?fond of me.' In many words cousin Tom told tho purposo of his Kirrand. Ho thought the situation held by -cousin Jack ?was Tar beneath his talents; and therefore, as he would not go abroad, if he would consent to retire into Wales, he' and his family should bo amply provided for by cousin Tom. This was the offer, recommended by all the arts of language at the command of tho visitor. ' ?'' ; 'God bless you, Tom!' cried Jack, 'you havo a heart indeed ; you always were so kind to me. What I got is to bo suro little onough for Sarah and — and — -ind thoy'ro nice littlo things, ar'n't tlioy ?' said Jack, in a' thickened voice, averting his head, and pointing to his children. 'Beautiful babes !' cried cousin Tom, taking one upon, his knee, and trying to smile upon it. 'But what say you to my offer, Jack 1' ' ' '.'' ' ': ? 'I say, God bloss you — but I can't take it— no, I can't. Though as a poor clerk, I writo my hand down to the stump, I can't cat the bread of obligation.' And on this point cousin Jack was resolute; and cousin Tom; with a perplexed and angry face, quitted tho house. Misfortunes suddenly fell upon cousin Jack; for -that day week ho was discharged from his office. This was the more strange, as it was only too days before, that Smith and Smith, his oinployors, wore splendidly enter tained at tho table of cousin Tom. Poor cousin Jack owed two or throe debts; the creditors becamn clamorous —bo could obtain no new employment; to make things worse, two of the children sickened, as it was thought, for tho measles. ? With an aching henrt and a pale brow, cousin Jack knocked at tho door of cousin Tom. 'God bless you, Tom,' ho cried, 'it would be a long fltory to tell you what I've suffered for this fortnight past. Hal you are a friend indeed — but 1 must takq your offer — I will go, and for the sake of others, find my days in Wales. May God bless you,' and tho tears 'ran down Jack's fuco, *.' for your kindness to me 1' : . . ' ..' In six days cousin Jack and his family were 'buried amidst tho mountains of North Wales; and Miss Dorothea Sybil witz consonted to bear the name of cousin' 'Tom; -whoso kindness for Jack was still further enhanced by an offer, that whoa the boys should be old onough,' ho would place them very eligibly at bob. ? ' ? ?'?'? -'?????-????'?? Cousin Jack stilllives in Walosj still enjoys his forty pounds a-year from cousin Tom. .. : '' That makes tho fourth ten this year,' said cousin Tom, as he despatched .the note, the ' lost ' quarter's allowance to his cousin, ' the fourth ten d— n him !' 1 And air tho world cries, ' How good is cousin Tom to cousin Jack — Iioiv kind is he to his poor relation!' And tho unsuspecting ' Jack amidst tho mountains, quaffs his cup of small ale, and, to applauding neighbours, tells the virtues of liis relative, and still the close, of his eulogy is, ' Here's .cousin Tom's bealthJ Yes, cousin Tom was always so fond of mo'!' 