AUSTRALASIAN GRAIN AND FLOUR. It is proper colonists should be made acquainted with the names of those who supported Mr. Hutt's motion. We copy from. the Times: IOUBB'OF OOMMONS, TIURSDAY, MAY 8. Motion made and question put, " That this House ,do resolve. itself into a committee of the whole :House, for the purpose of considering the following .resolution ---That it is expedient to permit grain and flour, the produce of Australasia, to be imported into the United Kingdom on payment of the same amount of duty as is now levied on grain and flour the produce of. Canada."--(Mr. Hutt.) The House 'divided-Ayes, 93 1 Noes, 147. Minoatry-Ays.--IH. A. Aglionby, P. Ains worth, W. Aldam, R. Archbold, W. Baine, A. Bannerman, D. Barclay, Rt. Hon. F. T. Barinr, *E. G. Barnard, Hon. Capt. Berkeley, Hon. H. F. Berkeley, . . Bernal, Hon. E. P. Bouverie, J. Bright, J. Brocklehuret, J. Brotherton, C. Buller, W. Bnsfeild, Hon. C. C. Caverulish, Hon. G. H. Cavendish, B. Chapman, J. Collett, W. G. Craig, Lord Dalmeny. Captain Dalrymple, G. H. Dash wood, J. Dennistoun, E. Divett, G. Duncan, T. ,Duneombe. Admiral Dundas, Viscbunt Ebrington,. W. Ellis, B. Escott, It. Etwall, W. Evans, W. Ewart, M. Forster, T. M. Gibson, T. C. Granger, t, i.on. Sir G. Grey, Lord t. Grosvenor, Sir J. Guest, Sir J. Hanmer, B. Hawe, Lord M. Hill, Viscount Howick, Alderman Humphrey,W. James, J. Jervis, Rt. Hon. H. Laboucher' H. Lambton, J. H. Langston, Hon. W. S. Lasc lles, Lord Le veson, Hon. H. T. Liddell, R. ti. Mangles, S. Marjoribanks, J. Martin,T. B. Martin, Right Hon. F. A. Maule, T. Mitchell, D. Morris, General Mo riseon. G. F. Muntz, A. Murray, M. J. O'Connell, R. Osborne, Colonel Paget, J. Parker, Captain Pechell, Viscount Pollington, R. Pulsford, 1'. N. Redington, J. L. Ricardo, E. R. Rice. D. R. Ross, Hon. Captain Rous, R. Scott, B. Smith. J. A. Smith, W. R. C. Stansfield, W. H. Stanton. H. W. Tancred, H. Tufnell, J. H. Vivian,T. Wakley, H. Warburton, H. G. Ward, W. Wilshere, C. Wood, W. Wrightson, H. R. Yorke. Tellers W. Hutt, Sir W. James. GREEN PoNDs.-On Wednesday last a fancy sale was held at Green Ponds: It was numerously and respectably attended, and there was a large supply of tancy ann useful articles. Three rooms were occupied on the occasion; one for fancy articles, one for toys, and one for refreshments. The purchasing commenced at one o'clock, and teas carried on with great spirit until four. The sum realised, after deducting expenses, was £28; to be added to the fiund for erecting a vestry and schoolroom in connection with the congregational chapel at Green Ponds-an addition much re quired for the convenience of the congregation worshipping in the above chapel. We under stand that, exclusive of the sum raised on this occasion, £33 have been collected within tihe last few months to pay off the debt upon the chapel, which is now free front encumbrance.-Conmmuni. cated. PORTLANS BAY.-We have papers by the Minerva to 18th October. They notice numerons depredations committed by the blacks, and the charge of cannil,alism Is preferred. An instance, says the Gazette, occurred a few weeks since on the Cline station near the Glenelg. A black woman had for some time been living with two or three white men, but having contracted disease, died. Site was Immediately borne off by her tribe, several of whom afterwards announced with rapturous emotions the extreme delicacy of her flesh to the taste.. ..A meeting of the cre ditors of Thomas Scott, tile jetty contractor, took place at the office of Mr. Claridge, for the purpose of examining Mr. Scott's affairs. The liabilities of the estate were from £700 to £1002 12s. 10d.; while tile immediately available assets were esti mated at £181 8s. 10d., leaving a deficiency of £821 8s. 10d.....About nine hlbrds at Mount Eales have been killed by the Mdunt Rouse blacks within the last month..... Whaling Report. Lady Mary Pelham.-May 27, Dutton I whale; July 1, Dutton I ditto; July 11, Barnes I ditto; Sept. 2, Dutton 1 ditto; Sept. 12, Arnott I ditto; total 5. Henry's Shore Party.-June 22, Clarke I whale; Aug. 21, Clarke I ditto; total 2. The Pelham's men were paid off, and, after having enjoyed themselves for a day or two after their arduous work, have gone, or were preparing to go, into the interior to commence shearing or follow some other useful occupation. Three whales were caught at Belfast, two by Mr. Charles Mills and one by Captain Mills, making a total of 10 caught at Belfast this season, 2 by the Adelaide and 8 by Griffith's party, of which latter 4 were killed by Captain Mills. SouTH AUSTRALIA.--Our news from this colony is to the 20th nlt.....The Herjeebhoy Rustonljee Pattle, the long-expected ship from Bremen, had arrived with 202 German immigrants, after a voyage of 117 days from port to port. Her pas sage had been a pleasant and prosperous one throughout. Her passengers were of rather a superior class, and comprised many workmen of trades much wanted there ; including several linen, cotton, and cloth weavers, who seriously contemplated following tip their various vocations, and spoke confidently of being able to establish blanket, cloth, linen, and cotton manufactures: there were also several miners, two chemists, and a practical assayer, besides the usual sprinkling of mechanics.....A new company for purchasing mineral lands, and carrying on mining operations in South Anatralia, with a capital, it is believed, of £200,000, had been successfully established in London at the date of the latest advices.....The official survey of tlhe special copper mine Is com pleted, and the land grant or grants, as the pro prietors may determine, will soon be ready for delivery.....The excitement on the arrival of conditlonal-pardon immigrants had sbsidled, upon the discovery that there was no remedy, the Go vernor not having the power of contravening an Act of Parliament. His Excellency's reply In substance was, that the conditional pardons confer on the holders the privilege of proceeding whither they please, witllhn suchtt limits as may be specified in them (agreeably .to the Otlh and 7th Victoria), and that they lhave the sanme effect (within sucht limits), to all Intents and purposes, as absolueto pardons, passed under the great seal ofthe United Kingdom. PORT PHILLIP.-sBy the Soran we have papers to the 14th instant; but they are destitute of matter possessing general interest. A meeting I had been held relative to the corn duty question, and after some sensible advocacy of the .prihciple contended for, a committee was appointed to frame a petition to parliament. ROBBBRY.-On Monday night Mr. Gibbons' store at the wharf was entered, between the hours of eight and nine o'clock. The thieves forced open a back door, and having thus gained access to the counting-house, broke open a desk, out of which they took a few shillings in silver. They also searched a trunk containing clothes, from which some articles are missed. The prize which it would appear they desired to obtain was a small tin box. This was found on the following morn ing on the Windmill-hill; fortunately it contained nothing of value, except letters and books. A few of the former are missing, and the latter were found strewed about the ground. NARROW ESCAP.-IMr. Duniam narrowly escaped drowning on Monday night. He was proceeding on shore from the brig Orataau, and fell overboard. Constables Livesay and Ward fortunately heard the splash thus occasioned, and by prompt attention rendered effectual service. BEEF.-TiThe smaller of the two Circular Head oxen slaughtered last week by Mr. Bransgrove weighed 15841bs., with upwards at 200lbs. loose fat. TICKET-OPF- LEAV MUSTER. -The aBInnuIal -muster of ticket-of-leave men, for this district, will take place on Sunday, the 2nd November, at the police-office, Launceston. None are authorised to absent themselves, unless by special exemption from the Comptroller-General. This caution has frequently been given, and we believe, the penal ties will be rigidly enforced against those who neglect to attend. MEcHANIcs' INsTITUTTE.-To-morrow evening W. H. Breton,Esq.,the President of the Institute will deliver a lecture "On the ancient inhabitants of America and their ruined cities." It is a sub. ject of much interest, and gives rise to learned speculative conjecture.. Mr. Breton will illnstrate the subject by a variety of diagrams prepared ex pressly for the lecture. SEIzURE OF A. Vss89rL.-.The cotter William, for some time past trading between this port and Adelaide, was seized by Mr. Dryburgh on Mon dlay. The circumstances which led to this pro. ceeding are as follows :-The William came up the river on Sunday with stock from Port Albeit, having adso on board two hogsheads of rum, one of geneva, and a case of tobacco. Some of the cattle were in a state that rendered it exceedingly advisable to land them Immediately and (as ls always required) permission was obtained to take the vessel to a convenient private wharf, if the spirits and tobacco were first landed. Accordingly the three hogsheads were rolled on shore on Sunday night. Tihe master of the vessel excused himself for not landing the tobacco just then, and the landing waiters not considering it a matter of so much importance as the spirits, the vessel was allowed to take her berth at the private wharf. Upon guaging the spirits, and comparing the actual contents with those mentioned ih the manifest, it was acertained that about thirty gallons were missing, fifteen of geneva and fifteen of rum, the duty upon which would be about £25. The officers of customs then made enquiries for the tobacco, but it could no-where be found ; and the master before making his declaration upon entering the vessel, repbrted It was missing, sup. posed to have been stolen. It was also discovered upon close examinaltion of the spirit casks that they had been recently " spiled," suggesting the probability that the contents had been drawn off. fMlr. Dryburgh, head landing waiter, seized the vessel, which now lies in the river under charge of a customs officer, awaiting the result of a refer ence to head quarters. CounT OF R EQUESTs.-There are fifteen cases on the list in the £30 court, and twenty-two in the £10 court, which sits on the 25th instant. QUARTER SEssIoNs.-The quarter sessions will sit on the 25th instant, for settling the jury list, appointing visiting magistrates for the ensuing year, and regulating cab fares. There are no pri soners for trial.` DISTRI1aUTION OF IREWARDs.-The trials of the Nile gang having closed, the subscriptions for re warding the police have been distributed. They amounted altogether to about £57. Of thils sum Mr. Harvey, we unlherstand, received £25. Mr Davis, who apprehlended Edwards, throngh wheno; tihe Infatmous transactions were broughlt to light, received £; for himself and assistants, who In. curred about £3 of personal expenses in prosecu ting the affair. STRANOE OCCURRENcE.-Some of the good folks who inhabit the WVest Bank of the Tamar have been alarmed by extraordinary occurrences, which, being at present unaccountable, have beenl ascribed to preternatural agency ; at least,the alarm has been such,and thestatementsso authenticated, that Mr. Midlgley the chief constable and a subor dinate have proceeded tothespot forthepurpose of investigating the matter. The principal scene of the mystery Is the residence of Mr. Plummer ; but Mr. Hill; a nelghbour, has also been similarly annoyed. Anonymous letters of a most indecent description have been thrust through the windows of Mr. Plummer's residence by invisible hands. The house at all hours, both day and night, has been assailed with stones and other offensive missiles. Strict watch has been kept, and yet windows have been broken in broad daylight, in defiance of all caution. Constables were stationed on the pre mises, but their vigilance was eluded. Upon one occasion an individual was seen and chased, buit, according to all accounts he seemed, when within grasp, to dissipate Into air or sink into the earth, like the ghost in the vision of Scrooge. Mr. Plummer applied to the police magistrate for ad. vice, detailing the above as facts, and as we men tioned before, Mr. Midgley has been sent down to ascertain how much of truth there isin the statement. Mr. Plummer is a well known and respectable inhabitant; and although no doubt he has been subjected to this annoyance from the ill feeling of a neighbour, there is something very remarkable inthe" Devil and Dr. Faustus" sort of proceeding by which the agent remains lnvisible whilst working his mischief. EXPonTATIONs.-It appears from the quarterly returns published in our last, that there were exported-barley 4,028 bushels, value £1038; oats 0,850 bushels, value £1,009; flour 400 tons, value £4,905; wheat 49,933 bushels, value £10,830, besides bran and malt, value £298; making the total value of grain exported, £17,040. EaIORRATION.-:By the Oratavr one hundred working men will leave this port: the list of pas sengers contains the names of oneshundred and three. These men, of the "active, able-bodied" description, have been engaged by Mr. Craufurd for the Hunter's River Steam Navigation Com pany. Mr. Raven advertises for fifty men for Port Phillip ; and the Messrs. Benty for one hundred to proceed to Portland Bay: very pro bably four times thnt.sumher msay he required. This great demand for labour has arisen in some measure from the circumstance of flock-masters having Increased their possessidns, owing to the remunerating price of wool. Ifsecurity of tenure were guaranteed to the squatter, this colony would be drained of Its free working population. It must be felt that thisemigration isgreatly in favour of the home government's resolution, to convert this into a purely penal colony, for at the present rate it will soon make the agriculturist entirely deo. pendent upon probation labour. WHEAT.-Account sales of wheat shipped from this port, and sold in London, have been received by the last arrivals. From these it appears, the average prices realised were from 68s. to OIs. per quarter, netting to the shippers about 4s. per bushel. SPEcIE.-The Eguestrian, at Hobart Town, brings £20,000 In specie for the Commissariat. SOUTa AUSTRALIAN MINea .-At the public banquet in Freemason's Tavern, a Mr. Dutton, we observe from the report, stated that the best copper ore sold for £43 l1s. per ton; other ore sold for £39, and the lowest priced £8. Mr. L.W. Gilles was present, and added that from March, 1844, to January, 1845, no less than 1,118 tons of ore had been shipped from South Australia. TENDRns.-Tenders will be received by the Commissariat until Wednesday next, for the con veyance of troops from Launceston to Norfolk Island, and thence to New Zealand, together with such detachments as may be embarked at the last-mentioned place for.Sydney and Launceston. I - ELECTROTYPE.-The electrotype process is now extensively applied to thecoatingofiron bolts with copper for ship.bullding purposes. RAsHNEoSS.--Ono of the emigrants by the Ora tava junmped overboard just as the vessel was leaving the wharf. Being under the influence of t liquor, lie would have been drowned had not a boat been close at hand, into wichl he was dragged, and then. carried to the Steam Packet Hotel, where lie was speedily restored. NEw VEssEL.-The new schooner, 72 tone, Jannched a few days since, Is advertised for sale. PRIEST.-We hear petitions have been for warded to the Executive, praying for this culprit's reprieve. He and Gillan are both attended in gaol by the Roman Catholic minister. 