-o BOOGINO In SPAXN.-Whilst walking about I was followed by a boy who had.the appearance of a beggar, but wps muttering something in a low voice at intervals, which I could not make out; I desired him to speak out, when he said, " La puntita nel cigarro per mi padre," " The end of the cigar for my father '" the only time I ever noticed this humble and lowly, as well as affectionate, mode of soliciting charity.-Spain and Spaniards. An anecdote is told of George the Third, that when inspecting the large dock forming at Plymouth during his reign, he inquired " why its dimensions should so greatly exceed those of the other docks 1" The builder replied, "that the French were build ing larger ships than any we had, and therefore it was necessary to have a dock in England fit to re ceive them." He instanced, amongst others, the Commerce de Marseiller, one of their finest three deckers; and sure enough that ship was the first which entered the large dock, having been sent to England by Lord Hood, at the evacuation of Toulon, in 1793. She was found, however, to be so badly timbered, as not to be worth the expense of repairs, and she was broken up in August, 1802.-United Service Gasette. A WILD BoAn.-The Echo de la Niesvre gives an account of the killing of a wild boar, at Fours, which had long been the terror of the country. He had entered the premises of M. SchmiJ, in open day, and, when that gentleman came up, he found two of his five yard-dogs dead, the three other dying, and his gamekeeper lamed for life, by a dreadful wound inflicted in the leg by the tusks of the fero cious animal. M. Schmid fired his gun, which was loaded with ball, at the boar, and wounded him sufficiently to prevent the animal from making an attack. He then rushed at him, and with his coutean de chasse cut his throat. The animal weighed 130 kilogrammes, and in his hide were found ten balls, four of which had been fired at him long before,and six by M. Schmid and his keeper on the day of his death. SaGAcIrY OF A CaT.-Cats are undoubtedly the least remarkable for intellectual powers of any race of animals of creation, but a grimalkin belonging to one of those aristocratic-looking mansions, which add so much to the picturesque beauty of the Lake district, is now regularly performing feats equal to any ever performed by a four-footed creature. At the house alluded to (which we mustomit to name), the inmates had been regularly aroused every morn ing by a loud knocking at the door,.as if some one was in hurry to gain admittance, and still on going to the door nothing could be found; and time was when it would have been believed that the " De'll had business on his hand," yet, though the days of ghosts and goblins are gone, tears were actually entertained that some supernatural agency was at work, and as the rapping was quite regular, it was agreed to watch the door; and accordingly one night early, when the full me.on was shining clearly, a person was secreted near the door, but he had not waited long before a favourite cat deliberately climb ed up the knocker, and gave rap, rap, with first-rate ingenuity, and, on the door being opened, leaped down and walked in. Titus was the mystery cleared up. The cat had before gone in unnoticed. Puss now performs this feat as regularly as clockwork every evening. Should any naturalist doubt the veracity of this tale, he shall be instructed, on giv ing a hint. where he may see pussy perform her ingenious trick.- WVestmoreland Gazette. PROBABLE SPEED OF MENTAL ACTION.-If mental action is electric, the proverbial quickness of thought that is, the quickness of transmission of sensation and will, may be presumed to have been brought to an exact measurement. The speed of light has long been known to be about 192.000 miles per second, and the experiments of Wheatstone have shown that the electric agent travels (if I may so speak) at the same rate, showing a likelihood that one law rules the movements of all the "imponderable bodies." Mental action may, accordingly, be pre sumed to have a rapidity equal to one hundred and ninety-two thousand miles in the second, a rate evi dently far beyond what is necessary to make the design and execution of any of our ordinary muscular movements apparently identical in point of time, which they are.-Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation, Mr. Brown, a partner of the well.known medical practitioner, Mr. Topper, is about to be united to Miss Meredith, who for many years has resided with bliss Burdett Courts. This intended alliance has given rise, in some quarters, to a report of the wealthy heiress being about to be married.-Court Journal. i | - ,l I"' mmm;-=,=?m--"m-thu ,am- . i 