TUE CELEBRATED DIALOGUES. PART II. ABOUT BAPTISMAL REGENERATION ¡ CONFIRMA- TION; THE AUTHORITY Or THE CHURCH, AND OTHER INTEnESTINa SUnJECTS OF CONTRO- VERSY lit THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND, AT TUE rRESENT TIME. BETWEEN THE HON. AND REV. ALLCRAFT INCUBUS, AND FAMILY; THE REV. DR. HOOKKM; THE VERT REVEREND ATLCIIDEACON DUAL; THE RIGHT HON. SIR JAMES GAMMON; TUE MILDHAY FA- MILY, AND OTHERS. BY HOWLAND HILL, THE YOUNGER. [Continued from our last.] SCEXE-The company arriving at Keepemdown Jtectory. The Mist Atitdmaya come an hour be- fore dinnert awl ail the young ladies walk on the laxen. Afr, Commissioner Sauwlers being forced to go and try to settle a quarrel between a millo erat and his workmen, senda a reluctant apology. 7'he company are introduced to each other in the library. Having introduced his elder daughters and Afr. Frederick, Mr. Incubus takes Emily by her left hand, and says, " Air. Archdeacon Dual, allow me to introduce my youngest daughter, Alias Emily, a young heretic.'* Emily appears disconcerted, the Miss Alildmays lock serious, Mr. Mildmay seems hurt, the rest stare, the young In eubusses titter. Doctor Hookem, Oh, we are not speaking of thc Magistrate ; but of the Church. I say-with the 20th Article,-" the Church has authority." Mr. George Mildmay. DoctorSochcvcrcl quoted the passage in Romans, which describes thc obe- dience due to Magistrates, as if it enjoined obe- dience to their will and opinion in religion. My brother was only replying to that mis- statement of thc Apostle's meaning. And be might have added, that that and other passages cannot infer obedience in religion, tor thc Magistrates there primarily alluded to, were, ns is well know», and as thc Doctor himself said, heathen Idolators, andi vicious persecutors of the Church. Doctor Sachevcrtl. Well, hut we are speaking; of thc authority of thc Church. Mr. frederick Incubus. Ves, and I wish it had more. If I bad as much power as I should liker I would soon put a stop to all these schlsmaticat opposera of thc Church,-and to all these úseles» jan gi i a ss nlso. Milt MiUmay. Hut you could not hinder peo- ple from thinking. Mr. frederick Incubus. Then I would make them keep their thoughts to themselves, or I would--I would Doctor Sachcverel. Youthful blood is wann, and I commend your zeal, Mr. Frederick ; but wc arc either too late in the day, or too carly, for measures ofthat sort. But to return to our point. Mr. /umbu*. Another toast, gentlemen,-the Lord Bishop of London, and No. 90. Sir James Gammon. With all my heart ; n very agreeable relief, Sir. Mr. Incubus. I do not willi to interrupt thc conversation, however. Doctor Sacheverel. The 20th Article says, the Church lias authority. What do you say to that, Mr. Mildmay ? Mr.Mildmay. I say, if the Church has what it claims, it must be obie to show its right, by some grant from the "head of all principality and power," nnd that neither docs the Article itself, nor any other claimant. But there is another question arises on these words of this very Arti- cle ; a question winch needs to bc settled before we can satisfactorily consider the other. The Church has authority. Who are the Church ? Doctor Hookem. Who are thc Church I Why, the heads of the Church, to bc sure. Mr.Mildmay. The Church has but ONK HEAD ; has it, Doctor ? And nt any rate, the heads or head people in the Church, are not the Church itself. We must still enquire, who is this body, to whom thc awful power in question is entrusted ? Who are thc Church ? Sir James Gammon. Oh, I think thc Church defines that herself, most beautifully. Mr. Arch- deacon, will you be kind enough to seek thc Arti- cle I mean, and read it? Archdeacon Dual. Let me see, which is it ? Oh ¡ -Ah;-Hum ;-Ah ;-Herc it is. Article 19. " The visible Church of Christ is a congregation of faithful men, &c.;" Mr. Mildmay. Exactly so. Then this congre- gation of believers lins authority in matters of faith. Here again two momentous questions arise. One is, did wc ever hear of a Church doing anything of this sort ? Thc other is, over whom lins their decision authority ? If over themselves, they make themselves thc source of the authority? by which they are to be governed ; which is Inde- pendency with a witness; if over others, they as- sume nn authority, which thc Inspired Apostles, as wc said before, absolutely disclaimed. Mrs. Incubus. Thc long and the short of it is Mr. Mildmay, you want to set up yourself as wiser than all that have gone before you, and to have it all your own woy. Mr. Mildmay. Precisely the opposite, my dcor Madam. I wish to be tinder authority, altogether; only, in religious affairs, I must have Divine au- thority. A nd as I would not claim any power myself, in these great realities, I would not con- cede it to others. I will neither make my creed myself, nor let any human beings do so for mc. Mr. /Archdeacon. You asked just now, Sir, if wc ever heard of, or saw a Church making rules of faith and worship. Our own Church das done so, thc Roman and many others. Nothing more common. Mr. Mildmay. True, people arrogating to them- selves thc name of thc Church, have done so ; but those assemblies do not agree with thc definition given in Article 19, of the nature of a Church. Mr. Incubus. Ah, so you make out thc com- pilers of our beautiful Liturgy and Articles, not to have been believers ? What next ? Miss Charlotte incubus. It is really too bad. Mr. Mildmay. No, Sir, I do not pretend to judge them as to their state of mind ; but only their actions and corporate qualifications. If believers, they were only n part of the believers in the nation: anda part ot thc Church, is not the Church. Did you ever hear of the whole Church of England meeting together ? Mr. Incubus. "Why, Mr. Mildmay, you do not mean that all thc people should come and exercise authority, thc babes and all ; they arc nil of thc Church, but they arc not to be rulers in thc Church. Mr.Mildmay. I am only enquiring who thc Church nrc ; for thc article says, it is the Church that has thc authority. Are Infants members of the Church, Doctor ? Doctor Sacheverel. Certainly they are, Mr. Mildmay, and I hope you arc not goiag to dispute that. Arc they not regenerate by the Holy Ghost.' Are they not fit for the Church in glory, if they die in infancy ? and if so, why not for the Church on earth ? Mr. MiMmay. I om not disputing it, Doctor, nt least not nt this moment ; though I think there will be a great difference between the soul of an infant in this world, and in heaven ; here it is in- sensible, but there it will be all intelligence :-~ else what would be the bliss of heaven J Bat to return to the regeneration by baptism. What is the good of it, if it does not keep them from sin Î For " he that is truly bom of God sinneth not" Doctor Sacheverel. Good. Is it no good to have all your originol sin washed away and for- given, and your soul secured for heaven ; nay, and born again T Clo be Continued.) Flinted and published by WILLIAM PRATT, C7, ElizabctH-strcet, Hobart Town, for the Fropri » etor, JOHN FaEDEaic«: HALLER, of Devonshire Terrace, Meh-ille-strcet, and the Old Wharf. Published also at the " Observer" Office, Col- lins-street, where all Advertisements and Com- munications are requested to be sent 