ECCLESIASTICAL. LECTURE IT. ON IMAGE WORSHIP. THE Bishop proceeded on Sunday, the 16th inst., with the subject of Image Worship, in con* tinuation of the Lecture of the preceding Sunday. His Lordship's text was chosen from Exodus xx. part of the 4th and 5th verses : " Thou shalt not make unto thyself any graven image ; thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them." Having considered in the last lecture the occasion of the delivery of this command, and the growth of Image Worship in the Romish Church, we have now to examine how far such a doctrine is held in that Church ; and we will seek an explanation of this, 1st, in her own decrees ; 2nd, in the writings of her most eminent divines; and 3rd, in her practice. In the creed of Pope Pius and the Trent Catechism (both works of acknowledged au- thority) is taught the lawfulness of retaining and giving due honour to images of the Virgin Mary and the Saints ; and the Decree of the Council of Trent on this subject com- mands the same, adding its customary anathema against all who shall teach or think to the contrary. What is meant by due honour is not defined ; but in the Decree of the Council is the following passage, from which some explanation may be gathered, though it is a point on which the Romish writers themselves, as will be presently seen, are by no means agreed; '«through those images which we kiss, and before which we uncover our heads and prostrate ourselves, we adore Christ and venerate the Saints, whose likeness they bear ;" and it is also set forth as a pretext for their use, that they are retained " not only because the people are thus reminded of the benefits and gifts which are bestowed upon them by Christ, but also because the miracles of God, peiformed by the Saints and their salutary examples, are thus placed before the eyes of the faithful, that they may give thanks to God for them, &c.;" With respect to due honour, we observe that the Church of Rome-for the sake of providing a different form of worship for each of the different orders of beings whom she directs to be adored-is obliged to invent different degrees of worship, for which we and all worshippers of one only Supreme Being bave no occasion. Thus the persona of the blessed Trinity, say they, are to be worshipped with Latría, or the highest kind of worship, (derived from a Greek word signifying to serve) Saints and relics with Dulia (trova another Greek word signifying to serve?) while to the Virgin Mary is decreed a middle kind of worship called Hyperdulia-as she is con- sidered to be a being superior to Saints and relics, but inferior to the Deity. Between these terms (Latría and Dulia) the difference is but imaginary, since they are used indis- criminately in the Septuagint as applied to the worship of the true God and the worship of idols, and also as the translation of the same Hebrew word; the commentators of Rome themselves, moreover, are not agreed how these orders of worship are to be applied. Their opinions may be divided into three classes. 1st. That of those who maintained, like Durandus, that the image is not to be wor- shipped of itself, hut only the exemplar before the image. 2nd. That of St. Thomas Aquinas, Bonaventura, and Cajetan, who asserted that the same honour is due to the image as to the exemplar, and therefore that the image of Christ should be worshipped with Latría, that of the Virgin with Hyperdulia, and those of the other Saints with Dulia. 3rd. A middle opinion, as held by Ambrosius, Catharinus and others, that images in them- selves are to be worshipped, but with a worship inferior to that of the exemplars. These are but the opinions of commentators it is to be remembered, and the Church of Rome is not bound by them ; but we must also recollect that St. Thomas Aquinas, one of the upholders of that opinion which ascribed the greatest honours to images, and a canonised saint of that Church, is commended in her prayers as the "Light of the Holy Church." and is entreated to intercede for the people with the Son of God. His authority, therefore, is undeniably good. These distinctions are held amongst the learned-but how are the ignorant to under- stand them ? Thomas Aquinas is charged by Bellarmine, a champion of the third opinion, in a controversy on this very subject, with being compelled to use the most fine-spun distinctions, which they themselves scarcely understand, much less the unskilled people. But since the commentators are disagreed, and, it may be, all in the wrong as to the tenets of the Church, we must look to its practice and iitformularies, in which we cannot be deceived. The Roman Pontifical (Rome, A.D. 1595,) in the order for the processional reception of tbe Emperor, directs that the " cross of the Legate, because Latría is due to it, shall be on the right hand, and the sword of the Emperor on tbe left;" and in another formulary (Roman Ritual) the consecration of a new cross is ,pronounced in these words, «Let this figure of the crois be sanctified in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that those praying and boning themselves 'before this cross, on account of the Lord, may find health of body and mind, through Christ our Lord. Amen." The authority to which the Church of Rome appeals for the antiquity of the practice of Image Worship, is that of tbe second Council of Nice, convened in 787, and which princi- pally, it seems, was employed in repealing the 'Decrees against Image Worship, which had been passed by the Council of Constantinople ?.D. 754. The eighth century must be ac- knowledged to be a very late period for a Church which arrogates to itself the titles of Ancient and Catholic, to refer to as an ancient authority for any of its tenets. This Council decrees thus:-"That men give them (i.e. images) salutation and honorary adoration j not, however, the trae Latria which is accord, ing to the faith, and which it is right to give to the divine nature alone; but that to these, like as to the figure of the precious and vivifying cross, and the Holy Gospels and the rest of the sacred monuments, the offering of incense and lights be rendered for their honour, as it was the pioua custom of the ancients. For the honour of the image passes to its original, and he wfio adores the image adores in it the person ofliîm* who Ts depicted. In the sixteenth cerflury Naclantus, a Romish Bishop, taught, uncensured and uncorrected by the Church, tbiat the " image itself" is worthy of the same veneration as the prototype, and hence that an image, of 'Christ was to be adored with the same divine worship* (Catria) as Christ himself. It is acknowledged, even by Romanist writers, that Image Worship was not known in the Church during the first three centuries; and Du Pin fixes the date of its introduction towards the end of the fourth. It is evident, from the transactions of the Councils of Con- stantinople and Nice in the eighth century, that the evil must have grown at that time very ex- tensive. The decrees of the latter were sent to Britain by Charlemagne, and were by the English divines looked upon with horror ; they pronounced that the Bithynian Synod had ap- proved " many things unsuitable to the Church of God, and contrary to the true faith: espe- cially the worship of images, an usage alto- gether execrated by the Catholic Church." Arguments from Scripture against the practice were drawn up by them, and transmitted to the Emperor, who wrote books against it, and was answered by Pope Adrian in an epistle " con- cerning images, against those who impugn the Nicene Synod." The Council of Frankfort also condemned the Nicene decrees. The Romanist's appeal to antiquity is abundantly answered by the writings of Irenteus A. D. 180, who reprehends the doctrine of Image Worship, which was held by the Gnostic Heretics in his time ; of Clemens Alexandrinus A. D. 200, whose words are, " It is evidently forbidden us to exercise that deceitful art ; for it is written, . Thou shalt not make any simili- tude ;' " of Tertullian, Minucius Felix, Origen, and Lactantius, all in the third century ; and of Ambrose and the learned Augustin in the fourth ; whose language bears witness to the truth of the assertion-that in the first four centuries it was a tenet unknown amongst any, except the pagans and the heretics. The consideration of the Scriptural autho- rity adduced in its support by the Romanists, and of the dangers asserted by Protestants to attend its adoption, is reserved for a future discourse. LECTURE III. ON IMAGE WORSHIP, The Bishop concluded the subject of Image Worship, in a third lecture, last Sunday evening, from Ex. xx. 4, 5. The tendency to Image Worship in the Church was checked by the decree of the Council of Elvira A. D. 305, forbidding pictures in Churches, " lest that which is worshipped or adored should be painted on the walls." Our Anglo-Saxon forefathers rejected the Nicaean decrees so late as the eighth century. Surely Rome has something better to plead than the rejected decrees of a Council of the eighth century. Yes; Rome appeals to the Bible. Bellarmine of old, (and the argument has been repeated to the present day,) quotes " the two cherubim of beaten gold, directed to be placed on the mercy seat ; where, being over the ark, they must have been adored by the people." These images the people never saw, because they were in the Most Holy Place. Bellarmine also brings for- ward the brazen serpent, as a type and form of Christ which the people were authorised to adore. " If (he asks) Christ in the form of a serpent might be venerated, why not Christ in the form of man ?" Now, in answer to this, it must be observed, that the direction was not to pray to, or to adore, or to fall down before this brazen image, but to behold it, that simple action being the sign of their faith in God's promise ; and when the children of Israel, in after ages, went further than this, and burned incense before it, the image was deetroyed among the other idols by Hezekiah, who called it as we are told Nehushtan, t. e., a piece of brass,-no object of worship, even though it had been an emblem of Christ and a means of healing grace to God's people. Bellarmine argues again, that if Scripture assigns human actions and a human form to the Almighty, we are justified in so depicting Him. But our Lord says, " God is a spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth ;" and he says this to the woman of Samaria, a descendant of that very people who had sinned in worshipping the true God after an idolatrous fashion. The Romish manual of Instruction, published in Dublin, 1840, under the title of "An Abridgment of Christian Doctrine,'* asks, " How do you prove it lawful to paint God the Father like an old man, seeing he is a pure spirit and bath no body ?" Answer :->" Be- cause he appeared to the Prophet Daniel in the shape of an. old man." But, surely, no figura- tive manner of speech, which must be used if we would speak of God at all, can justify us in making a likeness of anything in Heaven above or earth beneath, when it is so clearly forbidden by the commandment. Let us see the effects of Image Worship. The performance of devotions before various images, before the holy crois, and before the consecrated wafer, has been constantly sanc- tioned by the different Popes and Fathers, pro- mising various indulgences and pardons here and hereafter. But the discovery of the cheats in images contributed not a little to their dis- grace. The well known crucifix of Boxley in Kent, which moved to the prayers of suppliants, long received great offerings ; until one Par- tridge ventured to move it, and found it full of secret springs. Being thus discovered it was brought to Maidstone, and there shown to all the people ; thence to the King s court, and in their sight all its motions were performed; thence to Paul's Cross, where, after a sermon by the Bishop of Rochester, it was again tully displayed, and so committed to the flames. The system of Image Worship and false mira- cles, as still in force, was then described, both from Romish documents lately published, and from the personal experience of his Lordship when a resident in Italy. He concluded with a solemn address to those who might be tempted to provoke the jealousy of the Almighty by conceding to the idolatrous Image Worship of the Church of Rome, and an exhortation to his own flock in the words of the Apostle St. John,--« Little children, keep yourselves from idols." 