a pill for successionists ! . . But it is said, and contended for, that Bishops are how what the Apostles were in their time. To be sure some things are exeppted, as the pretence would other wise immediately refute itself Let us hear Bishop Taylor : " In this extraordinary privileges of the Apos tles they had no successors, therefore of necessity a suc cessor must be constituted in the ordinary office of .Apostolate. Now what is this ordinary office? Most certainly since the ektraordurary (as is evident) was only a telpe for the founding. and beginning, .the other are such as are necessary for the perpetuating "of a Church. Now in clear evidence of sense, these offices and pow rs are Preachine, Baptizing, Consecrating, .Ordaining, and Governing. For these were necessary for the perpetuating of a Church, unless men' could- be1 Christians that were never christened, nourished up to life without the Eucharist, becoming Priests without calling of God and ordination, have their sinnes par dpried without absolution, be members and parts and %9ls of a ChurcKwfiedf Ahere jno coadunation, no authority, nd'Governour- These tfie")fi|»,9sile$$ind with-, out all question, and -whatsoever they HS3" lhey"bad from Chiist, and these were eternally necessary ; these then were the offices of the Apostolate, which Christ promised to assist for ever, and this is that which we now call the Order and OlSce of Episcopacy;.. The Apostolate and Episcopacy which did commuuicate in all the power, and offices which were ordinary anib per petual, are in Scriptures clearly all one in ordinary mi nistra'ion, and their names are often used in common to signify exactly the same ordinary function." " Impo sition of hands is a duty and office necessary fur the perpetuating of a Church, ne gene sit Vnius atatis, least it expire in one age : this power of imposition of hands for Ordination was fixed upon the Aj ostles and Apostolike men, and not communicated to the 72 Dis ciples or Presbyters : for the Apostles, and Apostolike men, did so, de facto, and were commanded to doe so, and the 72 never did so, therefore this office and minis try of "the Apostolate is distinct arid superior to that of Presbyters, and this distincti ri must be so continued to all ages of the. church, lor the thing was not tempo rary hut productive of issue and succession and there fore as perpetual as the Clergy, as the Church itself," "Fur farther confirmation," says Bingham, "of what has. been asseruil, it will not be amiss here to subjoin next a short account of the Titles or Honour which were given to Bishops in the primitive church. . The most ancient of these, is the title of Apostles; which, in a lare and secondary sense, is thought by many to have been tlte < riginal name for Bisltops, before the name Bishop was appropriated to their order. For at first they suppose the names Bishop and Presbyter to have been common names for all of the first and second order; during which time the appropriate name for Bishopc, to distinguish thetri from mere Presbyters, was that of Apostles. Thus Theudoret says expressly, 4 The same perstms were anciently called promiscuously both Bishops and Presbyters, whilst those who are now called Bishops, w'ere (then) cailed Apostles. But shortly after, i ne 'name Apostles was appropriated to such onlv as were -Apostles indeed; and then the name Bishop was given to those who be'ore were called Apos tles. Thus, he says, EpaphroJitus was the Apostle of the Philipians, and Titus the Apostle of the Cret-uis, and Timothy the Apostle of the Asiaticks. And tliis he repeats inseveral other places of his writings." " The author under the name of St. Ambrose asserts the same thing ; 4 That all -Bishops. were called Apostles at first.' And therefore, he says,, that St. Paul to.dis- tinguish himself from such Apostles, calls himself an Apostle, not of man, nor serit by triiiii. to preach, as those others we're, who were.chpsen and sent by the, -Apostles to confirm the : Clfurcnesv' A'ffiAbs" "cites another passage out of this same author, which speaks more fully to the. purpose : 4 They,' says he, 44 who are now; called Bishops, were o-it»inally called Apostles i but the holy Apostles being dead, they who were ordained after them to govern the churches, could not arrjve to the excellency of those first ; nor had they the testimony of miracles, 'but' -were in many respects inferior to them ; there'ore they thought it not decent to assume to them- elves the name of Apostles; but dividing the names, ''hey left to Presbyters the name of the Presbytery, and 'hey themselves were called Bishops.'" 44 This is what those authors infer from the identity of the names, Bishop and Presbyter, in the -first age ; they do nut thence argue (as sume who "abuse the an- thority have done siij'.e) that therefore Bishops and Presbyters were all one but they think that Bishops were then distinguished by a more appropriate name, and more expressive o! their superiority, which was that of secondary Apostles." So Dr. Hook " The officer ivhnm we now call a Bishop was at first called an Apostle, although after wards it was thought better to confine the title ol Apos tle to those who had seen the Lord Jesus, while their successors, exercising the same rights and authority, though unendowed with miraculous powers, contented themselves with the designation of Bishops. The importance of these extracts must apologize for their length. Powerful efforts are sometimes made to hold up this system by claiming authority for it from the precedent of scriptural Bishops. This, however, its ablest advocates seem to be conscious is untenable ground. They find something mure indefinite about the office of Apostles. This makes it more easy to in dulge in suppositions and assertions. Besides, the scheme is an imposing one ': sole exclusive successors of the Apostles! What may they not do, if they can es tablish this? The world" must how to their awful au- thority. The Pope has shewn us what may be accom plished in subjugating the bodies, and souls, and sub stance of mankind by one such successor what would be the state of the world, then, were every Bishop es tablished as a Pope in his dpeese ? To say this is all ex aggeration, is to contradict all past history and expe rience. The Dature of the subject, the boldness of these claims, and the confidence with which they are urged, demand a careful investigation of this Apostleship of Bishops. But before we enter upon that investigation, it will not be irrelevant to notice how these arid similar advocates of this high scheme of Episcopacy disagree with each other. . Bishop Taylor declares that; if this high church scheme be not the same as was in the Apostles' times, and if they " cannot shew divine authority for it they must be called usurpers." But the famous Henry Dod- well, one of its most learned and strenuons advocates, affirms-— 44 That ail the reasoning froth which teen con clude that the whole model of ecclesiastical discipline may be extracted from the writings of the New Testa ment, is very precarious. There is," says he, 44 no pas sage of any sacred writer which openly professes this design. Indeed there is not one which so treats of ec clesiastical government as if the author, or the writer's author, the Holy Spirit, had intended to describe any one form of church government as being to remain every where aS for ever inviolate. The sacred penmen have nowhere declared with sufficient deafness, how great a change must take place in church government when the churches should first withdraw from the com munion of the synagogues. They nowhere clearly show how much was allowed to the personal gifts of the Holy Ghost, and how much to places and offices. They no where, with decided clearness, distinguish the extraor dinary officers, who were not to outlive that age, from the ordinary ministeis, who -were not to cease till the second coming of Christ. Indeed; all things of this nature were then so generally known, and they so sup pose this knowledge in what they say, that they never for the sake of posterity explain them ; concerning themselves only with present things, and leaviag the future. They nowhere professedly explain the offices or ministries themselves, as to their nature or extent; which surely they would have done if any particular form had been prescribed for perpetual duration." The learned Dr. Bently deelares that 44 our Bishops, with all Christian antiquity, never thought themselves and their order to succeed the Scripture Ejrisecpoi, (Bishops), but the Scripture Apostoloi, (Apostles) ; they were diadoclioi ton Apostolon, the successors of the Apos tles. The Presbyters, therefore, while the apostles lived, were Bpiscopoi, Overseers." Yet Dodwell, supe rior to Bentley in ecclesiastical learning, positively affirms, that 44 the office of the Apostles perished with the Apostles; in which office there never was any sue cession to anv of them," except to Judas the traitor." Let the reader also remark, here, that the scheme of the Apostleship of modern Bishops, fully concedes the point, that Bishops and Presbyters were, in the Apos- . ties days, one and the same order. For these advocates never reckon more than three orders in the ministry, riz.— (1) Bishops, whose appropriate name, they say, is Apostles; (2) Priests br Presbyters; and (3) Deacons. Now were we to reckon Scriptural Bishops and Presby. ers as distinct orders, this would make, for the Apostles days, four orders: and would contradict their own enu meration of orders. It follows, therefore, that their plan of Apostleship fully concedes that Scriptural Bi shops and Presby.ter'3, not only had these names in common, so that Presbyters were called Bishops, and Bishops were called Presbyters indifferently, but that they were really one and the same order. Accordingly, Dr. Hammond says, that Presbyters, as mentioned in Acts xi. 30, were Bishops; also in Acts xiv. 23, and other places. And he says that the word Presbyter was 44 fitly made use of by the Apostlrs and writers of the New Testament; and affixed to the Governors of the. Christian church." 44 And although this ti tle of Pres byter have been also extended to a second order in the church, and is now only in use for them, tinder the name 4he Scripture times, it be-. long6d: principally, if not alone, tshopsthureiieibg" no evidence that any of tjiat secbod order were tltCL instituted.'' In plain. English, the Dr. fairly grants that Presbyters, in Seripture'times, were Bishops, and Bishops were Presbyters: i.e., they were one and the same order and office. And Bentley affirms that" Pres byters, while the Apostles lived, were Bishops.'' We proceed, however, to investigate further these claims of the rights and authority of Apostles for mo dern Bishops. Let us consider whom it is they succeed, and to what they succeed. The claim amounts to this, that modern apostles, by voluntary humility called Bi shops, are the exclusive successors of the twelve Apos tles ; that they succeed them in those rights and in that authority which no other order of ministers possessed : and that this inheritance is indivisible, i.e. that it can not belong to two different orders of men at the same time; yea, that it is itself the very essence of the order of modern apostles ; so that no individual could possess . it but he would, by the very fact of this possession, iin mediately bec'oaie an Apostle himself. To establish their scheme, these advocates must shew two things: 1st. that the order Of the twelve Apostles was to be an ordinary, standing order in the church; and 2ndly, they must shew divine law, positive divine law, for the exclusive - succession of modern bishops to the rights and authority of the twelve, then the assump tion of such fights and authority, without divine law, is an impious assumption,- and an attempt at an intoler able usurpation in the chinch of -Christ. . " This being the state of the question, on this point, we "eotrie to inquire into the prools. The prools produced are of two kinds, first, scriptural ; secondly, ecclesiastical. As this is a question of divine right, scriptural authority alone can decide it. E'ccle-" s-iastical or human authority, as authority, is' imperti nent, and can decide nothing one way or another." How ever, we shallexamine it in its place. First, then, the Scriptural proofs: - The claims being so high and awful, the. proofs must be clear, plain, and powerful. Dr. Barrow's remarks on the matttr of proofs as to the Pope's Supremacy, will hold with equal force as to the Supremacy of Bishops. . \Ve shall insert them, with words in brackets, shewing their ap plication to"; this system. 44 If," says he, 44 God had'de signed the Bishop of Rome .Bishops as supreme over ministers arid people to be for a perpetual course of times Sovereign Monarch Monarchs of his church, it may. reasonably be supposed that he would expressly have declared his mind in the ease, i t being a point of the greatest importance of all that concern the administra tion of his kingdom in the world. Princes. do not use to send their Vice Roys unfurnished witli Patents clearly signifying their commission, that no man out of ignorance or doubts concerning that point, excusably . may. rtiusa compliance ; jind,. inb-all equity, promulga tion is requisite to the establishment of any law, or ex acting obedience. Bnt in all the Pandects of Divine Revelation, the Bishop of Rome or the Supremacy o! Bishops is not so much as once mentioned, either by name, or by character, or .by probable intimation : they cannot hook him them in otherwise than by straining hard, and iraming a long chain of consequences, each of which is too subtle for to constrain any man's persua sion. In the Levitical Law all things concerning the High Fiiest; not only his Designation, Succession. Consecration; |Duty, Power, Maintenance, Priiiiege of its High Priest oif Bishops as High Priests whereby: lie they., might be directed in the administration of his their office of their Supremacy and know what ob servance to require. Wliereas also the Scripture doth inculcate duties of all sorts, and doth not forget fre quently to press duties of respect and obedieric'e towards particular Governors of the church; is it not strange that it should never bestow one precept, whereby we might be instructed and admonished to pay our duty to the Universal Pastor? to these Supreme Pastors especially considering, that God who directed the pens of the Apostle's, and who intended that their writings should continue for the perpetual instruction of Chris tiaas, did foresee liow requisite such a precept Would be to secure that duty; for if but one such precept did ap pear, it would, do iliediusiuess, and avoid all contcsta- tion about it." Thus also speaks the learned Stilling-: Heet in his celebrated Irenicum : 44 We sliall discuss the nature of a Divine Right, and shew whereon an unal terable Divine Right must be founded." ' Very well : now high churchmen say that modern Bishops ha'e divine right to 44 the rights and authority of Apostles." Let Stillingfleet state the law of the "case; 44 Jits (law) is that which makes a thing to become a duty: so jus quasi jns'sum andyitssfl jura, as Festus explains it, i.e. that whereby a thing is not only lecitum (lawful) in men's lawful power to do it or no, but is made debitum, (duty) and is constituted a duty by the force'and virtue of a Divine Command. Whatsoever binds Christians as an universal standing law, must be clearly revealed as such, and laid down in Scripture in such evident terms; as all who have their senses exeicised th rein, may discern to have beien the will of Christ, that it should perpetually oblige all believers to the world? end, as is clear in the case of baptism; and the Lord's Supper." Let, .then; shell a law, such 44 a divine com inand, an universal standing law, clearly revealed as such, and laid down in Scripture in such evident terms, as all who have thiir setises exercised t terein may di'S cern to have been the will of Christ, that it should per petually oblige all believers to .the world's end"— let such a law be shewn for the claim of the rights and au thority of Apostles as belonging to modern Bishops, and the question is ended. We all cordially submit 1 1, and acquiesce in, such a divine law. But, if no 's cb law be produced ; if no such law can be produced ; it no such law. ever was promulgated ; then, to urge s ch a claim upon the consciences of all other ininis:ers aril people, and, on this baseless assumption, to pronounce all their ordinances void, all their ministers as Kor .h, Dathan, and Abiram ; what is this, but to curse those whom Christ has blessed ? what, but to introduce a system of usurpation iu the church of God, essentially destructive ol its peace to the end of the world ? This for tlie nature of the proof's. But to proceed ; — it will be proper here in order to avoid ambiguity,. 19 notice the different significations of the term Apostle. The general meaning of the term Apcistle; is one sent, a missionary, a messenger. Accordingly, when the Sa viour sent forth the twelve, he also saith St. Luke, 44 named them Apostles:" These are called the Apostle's, by way of eminence. Etisebius says, "the Lord Jesiii . Christ called twelve Apostles, whom alone amongst the I rest of his disciples he denominated with peculiar honor ! his Apostles." They are also called 44 the twelve" in i various parts of the New Testament ': the 44 Apostles of Christ," in opposition to Apostles of men, dr of churches, 1 Cor. i. 1 ; 2 Cor. i. I ; 11, 13, and in many otlier places. The term when applied to others is simply 14 Apostle," or 44 the Apostle," or " Messenger of the churches.' (to be (continued ) A Domestic Medicine,— In cases of indigestion, it is not a very easy thing, although most desirable, to ex cite the regular peristaltic action of the bowels by diet ; and, consequently purgative medicine is continually re sorted to for this purpose. The continual use of purga tives is objectionai ; but how is it to be obviated ? By home baked bread: Let the best and cleanest wheat be ground by an honest miller, without being dressed at all (no bran is to be from it), made into bread, and well baked: The first week any one tries this, who has been reQuirimr -medicine daily, he will find such benefit that he will not be inclined readily 10 part with it,— Lan cet. 