MISCELLANEOUS. Naval and Military.—A circum- stance, showing the punctual and exact manner in tvhieh the business at tlie Admiralty is conducted, r.as just come under our notice. Some day last week an old seafaring looking man — he might be sixty years of age — called on a highly re spectable solicitor of this city, at his office, and after stating that his name was Andrews, and that lie was originally from Bristol, went on to say that he Lad been residing in America for twenty-nine years, and that, previous to that time lie left our navy with a pension of something about £10 a -year, which he enjoyed for a short lime ; hut on gniug to America he lost sight of it altogether, and (lid not trouble him- self about it, linring made some money. Having since experienced a reverse of fortune, he had just re turned to Bristol, but lound all his relatives — of whom ho knew any thing — dead ; on making some in quiries, however, lie learned that lie could claiui affinity with the gentle man on whom lie then called, and to him he applied for advice ns to tlie best mode of recovering his pension. The gentlcmnn all this time looked, as lie naturally might, suspiciously on his visitor, expect ing that the claim of relationship would terminate with a request for money. As he listened, however, attentively to his story, he perceived that the man mentioned several facts connected with . the family, which could hardly be known but to one of the family ; he therefore told him to call next day, and in the meantime he determined to write a letter to the Admiralty, stating the case ns it was stated to liitn, and his impressions thereon. When the man called next day he gave him the letter, and told him to take it to London and present it to the Admiralty himself; the man took the letter, and then transpired the fact that he had no means of going to London, upon which the gentleman (such was his fceliDg in the matter) gave him two sovereigns aud he departed. Here the story would seem to have none but the feature of an every-day trick of imposture practised on a kind na ture ; and somo of the gentleman's friends who subsequently heard the tale, intimated that his heart had hardly been more soft in tlie matter than his head. However, two days after the occurrence, and when lie himself began to think he had been too ready to believe a rover's story, liis office door opened, and Mr. Andrew's walked in, and placing the two sovereigns on the table, said, to his benefactor's surprise, "There's your money, sir, and thanks." It appears, on Andrews arriving in London, he went to the Admiralty, and sent up his letter ; in ten minutes more he was called up himself to the presence of one oi the board, who had a huge led ger and the letter before him. After looking at the letter, the ledger, and Andrews alternately, for a minute or two, his lordship said, " It is all right, sir, you are the man ! and entitled to £260 arrears of pension ; how will you have it ?" and, then, after a pause, he said, "You had better not take it all : vou mar lose it. Here are ten pounds, go down to Bristol, and on the gentleman j who has written this letter commu nicating with me, it slinll be paid in the mode and through the chan nel he pleases." Andrews, who never expected to be more than re instated in his pension, (which of course he was, felt not a little delighted to find that he bad a small fortune of arrears, and hurried down to his benefactor to thank him for his kindness. — Bristol Times. Singular Cause of Waste of Gas. — It has been discovered that gases pass through cast iron under moderate pres- sure, and so ready is the passage, that water pipes, when empty, have been known to get filled in this way with gas from pipes in their neighbourhood, al- though all the pipes concerned had been proved to be sound. One consequence of this has been, thai a quantity of witcr ; intended for domestic use, has hecn im pregnated with coal gas, and another is, that a gas sufficient in amount to form i an explosive compound, has found its j way lo water cisterns, where, on light I being brought near if, considerable da mage has been done. Mr. James Muir of the New Hirer Watrr Works Imi devised a simple and effectual remedy for this serious inconvenience, which consists in freely letting atmospheric air into the water pipes, on their becoming empty. Monmouth Steam Electrical Ma chine.— A hydro-electrical machine, of extraordinary and unprecedented power, is now being constructed lor the United States. It will be able lo produce a spark of 36 inches to coat 3,600 feet nl metallic surface, in a battery of 4S Leyden jars, of 2 feet h'gh, by 10 inches in diameter. This shock would kill a thousand men in an instant, if it were passed through such a drain ! This ma chine will be more than four limes as powerful as the one exhibited at the Po- lytechnic Institution, London, whose effects have been witnessed by more than three hundred thousand persons wiihin the hist year, and is now by far the most powerful instrument in the world. The expense will be nearly 4.500 dollars, with the apparatus for illustra- lion. The name ol this Leviaihan ma chine is to be the " Benjamin Franklin and as it will out be shown at all in Europe, America will possess, exclu sively, this magnificent, unequalled instrument. It wilt leave the manufac tory lor the United Stales early in the year. — Mechanics' Mn'y;zir.e. Casting of a Forl'wi of Statue of the Duhe of Wellington. — I Abtul a fortnight ego we sviincx"ed the j casting of a large pi- rt ion of ihe cques- I trran group of tire Duke ol Wellington I for the west end ol Loudon, and u strik- ing sight it was, though seen by only a j few gentlemen, and the woikmen em- ' ployed. The run Irom the furnace con sisted of more than twenty tons of metal ' —the greatest quantity of brass (wo are inclined lo believe) that ever was molten together, and so used in the world— and the effect was very extraordinary. The glowing stream, as it poured from the top of the furnace along tire channel prepared lor it into the deep pit, tvns covered with vapours of unimaginable variety ol colours and brilliancy; and above a canopy of dense cloud, reflect ing and retracting the rays of light, was not the less grand Irom the knowledge that no living being could exist in that atmosphere for twenty seconds of time. The pin as they filled seemed masses of living fire ; and when by ingenious ma chinery the plugs were removed to allow the liquid element to rush into the casi, the noise and blasts, like the discharge ol artillery, was perfectly awful. The meant adopted to ensure success in this vast and most difficult trir.l of art np- peared to be adequate to us accomplish ment ; but so overpowering is the imprisoned licit, that wc were informed even weeks must elapse before the cases and buildings can be removed, and the certainty of triumph or failure ascertained —a nervous affair for an artist. It must be acknowledged, when we mention that the cost of the material and the rcccpli- cles, for its lusion and formation (into about half a horse I) amounted to no less a sum than from £3,500 to £3,800. Wc hope, and have reason to do so from external appearances, that all has gone well. And we aleo trust that this briel notice of a British wotk will be inte resting to the British public. — Literary Gazette. Quite Unnecessary. — At the late meeting of the Royal Society at Lord Northampton's, a man was exhibited- with an artificial steel hand, the Inven tion of Sir George Cayley. We are iaTormed that that worthy Baronet is now engaged in making an iron heart for the Pour Law Commissioners. Henry Hunt.— He was gentlemanly in his tnannrr and attire ; six feet .and better iu height, and extremely vrell- formcd. He was dressed in a blue lapelled coat, light waistcoat, and ketseys, and top-boots ; his leg and foot were about the finest and neatest 1 ever taw. Me wore bis own hair, it wst in moderate quantity and a little grey. His features wererrgular; and there wst a kind of youthful blandness nbaut them which, in amicable discussion, give his face a most agreeable expression. His lips were delicately thin and receding ; but there was a dumb utterance about them which, in all the portraits I have seen ol him, was never truly copied. His eyes were blue or light grey — not very clear, nor quick, but ruthcr heavy; except, as I afterwards lud opportunities fur observing, when he tvas excited in speaking, at which limes theyseemcJ to wisicu'j utiu )>iuisuuc; a:iu it lie wor.lCU himself furious, as he sometimes wnuht, they became blood-streaked, and almost started Irom their sockets. Then it was that the impression of Ins lip was to be observed— the kind smile was exchanged for lite cut) of scotn, or tl.c < u se ol in dignation. His voire was bellowing ; his face swollen and Hushed ; his griped hand beat as if it were to pulverize; and his whole manner gave token of a pain ful energy, struggling for utterance. — Passages in the Life of a Radical. The total number of peisons who have been charged before the metropo litan police in the year eighteen hundred and forty-four far exceeds what would be the general belief on lire subject, and many of the occupations ol peisons thus placed would not be thought of bv the public. There were — Clergymen, 5 ; CfiarlimalfHfl 1 11 rnilaitlinre CQ compositors, 44; clockmakers, 46; button makers, 35; carpenters, 1,324 ; cletks, 5S2 ; coach and cabmen, 1 ,018 ; curriers, 131 ; cutlers, 76 ; carvers and gilders, 146; drapers, 122; dyers, 151 ; engineers, 192; excisemen, 8 ; fnhinon- gers, 45; French-polishers, 7;gardeners, 412; glsssmakers, 290; gloven, 27; gold-beateis, 116; greengrocers, 133; hairdressers, 125; baiters, 322 ; inter preters, 4 ; jewellers, 37; grocers, 91 ; labourers, 14,849; lawters, 77; liun- drfsses, 85S; masons. 110; medical mrn, 159 ; opticians, 12 ; painters, 076; paper-makers, 35S ; parish officers, 12 ; pawnbrokers, 12; postmen, 16 ; piinteu, 115; publicans, 92; reporters, 25; sailors, 1,968 ; sawyers, 159; saddlers, 99 ; ser vants, 8S2 ; women do, 1,072 ; sheriff V officcis, 6: shopkeepers, 39 ; artists, t>7 ; bakers, 502 ; brushm.ikers, 96 ; barmen, 2S ; brasslounderv, 109; brewrrs, 23 ; biick-layers, 723 ; butchers, -13 ; shoe makers, 145; walennen, 206; wo'.nen shoemakers, 493; smiths, 697 ; soldiers, 236 ; surveyors, 1 1 ; iai!o kers, 117; tobacconists, 7-1 ; toolmakers, 110; turners, 71 ; watchmakers, 197; weavers, -jo.j ; women tin, 210; wool- storers, 6; sweeps, 209; no trade or occupation— men, 9,519; women, 15,640. Effects of Opium on the Mind. — A lady, who knew nothing experimentally of opium, once told us, that she could tell when .Mr, Colt-ridge had taken too much opium by his shining countenance. She was right : we know that mark of opium excessively well, and the cause ol it, or lit Iojs'. v.o l.el'eve tin cause to lie ill the quiiken.ng ol the insensible perspiration, which accumulates and ( glisieus on tlie fac. Be th t it u: tv, ; I a criterion it was ll.nt c.uiki not deceive us as to the condition of Coleridge. And uniformly in this condition lie made his most effective intellectual displays. It is true that lie might not be happy under this fiery animation, and wo lolly believe that he was not. Nobody is happy under laudanum except for a very short term o( years. But in what way did that operate upon his exertions as a writer ! SVc arc of opinion that it killed Coleridge «s a poet. " The harp of Quancock" was silenced for ever by the torments ol opium. But proportionately it reused and stung by misery his meta physical instincts into more spasmodic lite. Poetry can (loutish in the atmos phere of happiness. But subtle and perplexed investigations of difficult pro blems arc amongst the commonest re sources for bceuiling the sense ol misery. — niacitvood's Magazine. The Female with a Death's Head. — More than a whole year there wns a great sensation m Berlin respecting a Polish countess who was staying at the " Hotel dc Home," and had a death's head in stead of the usual one; she also had property lo an immense amount. These ideal and imaginary fancies of tlie people became more confirmed, as the statement was never contradicted by any one of the parties — until lately, by the publica tion ol Diffcnbach's Quarterly Journal of Operative Surgery, we find the storv about the countess with a death's head explained in an article under the heading " Restoration of Noses." Professor Diffenbach says — " Ir is lour years ago that late at night a Pole and a Polish lady, accompanied by nn Italian lady, came and wished to consult him. The Polish lady, enveloped deeply in black, remained in the background. The Italian lady addressed Diffenbach, and said, The unfortunate there wishes to speak lo you alone.' The two other persons soon after retired. Opposite Professor Diffenbach stood, speechless, a being enveloped in black. Willi uneasiness, looking around, she lifted up the veil, and there stood with the death's head upon the trunk of a living being, the like of which I had never seen before. A thin red skin scarcely covered the bones of the face, in the middle of which was a hole, through which one could pass three fingers ; the tongue and throat could be seen ; all the muscles, , palate bones, &c.;, were entirely des troyed. And from this miserable Ache ron she stretched lorth her tongue when she wanted to speak. The under eyelids were turned outwards showing tlie inner red surface, and from the upper jaw a small toothless fi cumference of about three inches of icar surrounded the hole. From the great opening in the middle came up, between the eyebrows, a ted, bony substance, which spread itself to the middle of the forehead." This lady, without speech, without nose, stood before Diffenbach alone at 12 o'clock in the night ; then, instead of the voice of a human being, pourcd'forth from the hole in i lie l ice a kind of whistling sound. Yet, without1 understanding her, Diffcnhacli could comprehend what she wished ; she placed Iter fingers on his nose. As tlie prolcssor only could express himself in pantomime the lady only understanding Polish, he called in the assistance of her friends; she instantly hajtciud lo envelope bcr- sell in lier black veil, for even among her own family relations she onlv appeared covered in the same garment. Dr. D.ffenbach then communicated to tlie brother and the Italian lady, her go verness, who understood French, that he lound it impossible to make an operation. He recommended her a mask, ami then retired from beholding one of the most extraordinavy scenes he ever he held, and which he says is still in his memoiy. Tlie next morning D.ffenbach proceided on a journey to Vienna. Scarcely had he arrived there tvhen he again met this extraordinary being : she tullowcd him hkc a ghost. At Vienna he succeeded, at last, in gelling the cilebralcd ortist Carahelh to make for her nu artificial jaw and teeth, tluough which the cuuld eat with facility, and her sneecli became more distinct. She then returned to! her fatherland, and visaed I)r Diffen- ! bach again at Iler.in, and tht-ie rrncwrd j her rrqucsl for a new nose, which he I at last undertook, and succeeded in the j operation. Ddlenback concludes Ins description hy staling that "this unfor tunate lady became a new creature; she walked in society unveiled, with flowers in her luir ; she visited the Theatre, and left Berlin uilli a chrcitul heart, and the Satisfaction that through her ur, shaking and resolute mind she had pressed upon me an operation winch at first I thought impossible." Tins is a picture of a maiden lady, eighteen years ol age, the offe ring of a nch ar.d wealthy family, mid noble blood too. The sad dis figurement was the result of scrofula in childhood. Portable Life- Boat. — On Saturday I last experiments to test the srrviceah'e- i ntss and efficacy of the new lite-boat, | tcccuily invented hy M. Munz'tni, wrte i made to the basin of Woolwich Dock- yard, in presence of a gteal many nautical and scientific persons, amongst wtujin were Sir Francis Colhrr. Sir Edward I'.irrv, Mr. Wdluck, Chairman ol the East India Company, Mr. Wight- man, Sir John I'rat k!in, Captain Crosier, R.N., Mr. I.aing, Ci pram Shea, of the Indii Service, Lrut. Fntou, H.N., Mr. t'ow, the b a'huiMer r f the lloyal , dockyard, anu otf e'f. The boat em ployed on this occasion had been sent lo the dockyard in the e.iily psrt ol the w c c k , hy command of his Royal High ness Pnticc Albert, who has taken a gie.lt intrust in the invention, and who had intended t i hate been pirn-lit at j the experiment, which were lo have' been tried outing the week, had not the j weather prevented hut). Tire bout weighed only 216 lbs., with all her lackle nod apparatus, and woul-J hold about 24 prisons. She is constructed of waterproof cloth, something hkc sail cloth, stretched oo a Irurue of wood ; when not wanted she may be slowed or placed on the deck or other convenient part of any vessel where she will he flat, not Inking up more than three inches in depth, the breadth of the frame or hoop which lorms her gunwale. The experi ments mntle on Saturday by command of the Admiralty were very satisfactory, and it wns the general opinion expressed hy tlmsc most competent to judge, that she was nn admirable boat for nil the purposes lor which she was intended — the saving life at sea, Ihe landing troops, the acting ns a pontoon, and many pur poses in which mure cumbrous and bulky boats are nntv employed. Her powers were severely tested ; she was thrown from the Alecto steamer, at a height of 25 feel from the water, into the basin ; she took the water safely, not shipping above a quart of flic element ; eight men then descended hy roprs and boarded her in a minute ; they pulled Iter across the basin and performed a variety of evolutions, to the satisfaction ol the spectators. She is unders'ood lo have all the udv.int.' gcs nl what is called the Mossoolah boat, without the ob jections to it, being fiat-h ittnmcd she draws little water, and will ride over a heavy surf where a common ship's boat could scarcely live. She is portable and light, yet sufficiently strong, and rrqtiircs no tackle to he hoisted over the side i f a ship. For steamers, and for all vessels i where space is a matter ol importance, and where tlio number of hands or | passengers is considerable, these boats j should he taken to sea. It is notorious j that at present vessels arc so badly lor- j nislied with boats, lint where arcidcnts | occur it is almost miraculous il those on j hoard do not perish. By means of this j very simple, vet very perfect, invention j half the perils of the ocean can he avoided, and human life preserved. Chinese v, Yankee Cleverness. — The space in the front ol the factories is ex ceedingly limited, so much so as to render anything beyond pedestrian ex ercise absurd. Prompted cither hy vanity or hy an irresistible love of the quadrupedal species, an American gen tleman brought his horse from Macao, and for some days persisted in riding up and down a space ol ground not much latger than the deck of a 74 gun ship. In doing this lie was ob'iged to pass at each turn a certain cc.lloc shop, the owner ol which speedily ssw n method of turning to his own account the curious propensity of the foreigner, and actually placed on Ills door «n advertisement stilling that he had hired a l-'anqui to idc opposite his house tor the diversion r-f his guests, from five to six every evening, aud begged those who wished to sec the sight would patronise his house at linn hour. Crcal was the ! delight of Jonathan at the crowd of spectators who were gathered round him l> r the next ftvv succeeding days; and deep was his annoyance upon the truth of the matter gelling wind among the community, the circumstance tiaii«puing by reason of one ol their number, a good ; Chinese scholar, having litcn hniist-il attracted lo read the advertisement. It is needless In add, the horse went again | to Mnrao hy I he first opportunity, — I An Aidc-de camp's Recollections of China, j-c. The Monster Bell for York Minster, —The bell intended to he put up in the south tower of York Minster, has re- cently been manufactured at the foundry of the Messrs. Mears, Whitechapel, it being larger than any other io the United Kingdom. Its weight exceeds 12 tons; it is 7 feet 7 inches in height, and its diameter is 8 feel 4 inches, being heavier hy 7 tons than the celebrated " Torn" of Lincoln, nod by 5 tons than " Old Tom" of Oxford. The metal look 12 days to cool, from the lSth January, uiicn n vtas puuicu into mc mould, in the 30th lib. The clapper is not vet put in, hut this will weigh be tween 3 and 4 cwt. The tone of it is described as being exceedingly grand, ! and to he compared to the lull swelling | diapason of an o'gun. The amis nl the I city ol York, and thnse of the Arch- i bishop (tlie cross keys), are on the he'd j in opposite positions to each other. The i following inscription, in Lombirdiau characters, is round ihe upper rim : — i " In s.mclta t-t ctt-ri » Trinitatis honnrem picmia sptmie Cullata Ebotjccnccs !a- | rientlum coraverunt in njum tcclesix i melrt p. II. Pet r i ehor." Ami on the j the lower rim are the words, ' Anno | salmis MDCCCXLY Vicinnm, ug. i VIII. Kiuardi Arclnepi XXXVIII. C. I et G. Mcars, Loidini, Ifcetmit." The i cost ol it Is about £200it, tins having been raised hy voluntary subscriptions. Il is intended hv the executive commuter previous to its removal to the ctii.cdral at Yoik, where it will be conveyed bv railw iy, that the pnbbc u'.l have an opportunity of seeing Inched, (winch ii lo he named ' l'eier ol Y.nk") and which il will requite the united effotts ol 20 horrcs to.draw, Xcu: Cure for the Whitlow. — The suffering pan is lo he moistened with water, and then ti uclu- I with nitrate ol silver, till the spot begins to be ihs- coloured, when ii is lo be simply covered with tint and bandigcd. If the c- ni- plain! is ol recent il.itr, prnbibly on the iolbnving day, all pains will cease, and, on (lie third, the cure is tffVeitd ; if ol longer durat.on, the skin wd! be much , thickened, and, after actmg on it wr'l the Caustic, il n.n-i bv Irin--..d W.i'n ihe Cissors or kn le, m order I" give free exil to the collected mailer umfcineaih. It swelling arid reilmsi are s'.dl pusem, (tie application ol tlie lm.ar caustic is lo he repeated, tiff the tumour disappears, and tlie spot becomes free Irom p«m. Il stliitlow happens on callous part of the baud, il will be belter lo reuiaie thin layers of tlio callous skin with tlio knife, before the caustic is used. Watm fomentations of linseed arc likewise use ful in such case«. — Medical Times. Hemlock a Cure for Rheumatism.— The preparation Dr. Nclig.m has em ployed for the last two years, is mado as follows ; — take any quantity of ficslt hemlock lenves, express t lie j nice in r tincture p'es«, set it aside lor forty-eight hours, pour off the clear supernatant liquor from the frcula and chiorophylla which it lias deposited, and lastly ndrj to it n fililt part hy measure, of rectified spirit. This preparation will keep well lor two years, anil its uniform strength, together with the facility with which the dose may he increased or diminished, gave it n decided advantage over either the extract, or the powder of the fruit or leaves. The best time for gathering the leaves is when they are in full flower, l'rcviourly to submitting them lo expres sion, the stalks should ho picked out, and carefully rejected, the leafy patl alone being used. The best extract Dr. Neligan Ins found to be prepared hy submitting the exprcsicd juice, obtained as above, to spontaneous evaporation ; but even that, he sacs, sooti loses all tracr of eoncine. H.-nilock in medici nal doses, appears to Dr. Ncligan, to act by allaying nervous irritability, and diminishing muscular pain ; the fre quency and furcc of the heart's action are n't diminished, hot il docs not pro duce the least tendency lo drowsiness or sleep. When given for some lime, or in rapidly increased doses, it causes n dis agreeable sensation of dryness in tlio throat, with a feeling of constriction, and difficulty ol swallowing, amounting to actual pain, requiring the medicine lo bo | suspended for a few days, or else given in diminished doses.— Medical Times. British Museum. — The number of visitors during t lie three last holidays exceeded those ol last year by 14,980. The number present on Monday was 32 233, on Tuesday 8133, and Wed nesday 20,183; whilst on Whit Monday list year thcic were 25.556, Tuciday 0,413, and Wednesday 16,603. Tlio conduct of the visimis was very orderly. A Tarnation Fir. — America, it it reported, is desirous of settling the Oregon question by tho simple and pacific process ol tossing up, nnd is only, we understand, prevented from making a proposition lo the British Government to ih u ifL-ct, hy the fear of having to horiow a dollar for the pur pose. — Punch. A Regular Heritme. — It is stated that the daughter of Jcptha S inborn, a judge ol one of the new courts id 1-iwa, has shot two full grown bears, the pa't , winter. The ammals came prowling about her father's premises in tho absence ol an y nt the men folk, when Mits .S. up with a rifle aud shot them, Ofi ! Jcpthu, judge ol luw.i, what a daughter hasl tliuu. — American Paper. Syria. — A civil war, and one ol ex termination, feigns at this moment (17th Mas) in the mountains, between the Duties and the Christians, and during the list fi'U-cn days, the horrors wc hava seen perpetrated around us are dreadful. On every side the sounds ol luttle are heard, and nothing is seen hut fire and fljtnrs; houses, vill i ges, churches, and convents, b.ing reciprocally a prey to the flames. We hive now tielore us tho appal . ing spectacle of no less than eleven village nnd a number of Maronita churches and convents in fl.unei, and what is worse, when (lie Chiistians ata victorious, they enter the Druse railages, putting to lite end of the sword, men, women, and children ; the Druse follow iheir example when they are vietorious. All the silk worms of both parties, tlia sole support of the Syrian population, lisve been destroyed. Tlie convents ol .tiaiuiiiita stiisi SJ4IUVIIXB iiHic IIUI UCCll spared ; ilicy hate been burned, and the bodies nf their priests after death have been burned hy the Druses. Every horror is practised on their enemies. The poor Chiistians are much more numerous, and at the commencement were victorious cTcr the r e enncs; but our Paicha, who is out with hit regular tri-opt, as soon ns l.e perceives the Christians victorious, points his Artillery aga.nst them, loaded with grape, and compels rids unfortunate seel to take to flight. The Druses immediately enter their villves, sacking them, burning their goods, Ac. Fire and battle con tinue to rage with destructive violence (111 all stile arouu.1 us, a id the last Itewa we have, is, that the Christians have j be i a obliged to flic on the regular , troops, which places us in a very alarm- I ing p'lsinun, ax vve fear a revolution of | the Turks ngimst all the Christians, and i we lie now all of us prepared, weapon i to hand, to d-fend our houses aud tho ! lives of our families. i 