MENTOR. THE STORY OF A FEATHER. Kjj DouijijtjJ attract. (A story from ?. rosen.") CHAPTER XXIX. (Continued from our last.) I MEET PATTY BUTLER IN NEWGATE THE TURNKEY'S WIFE PLEADS FOR CURLWELL. AT the time-the good old times was in Newgate there was a finer spirit of cordiality between the keepers and the kept than at the present day, lessens the gloom of that great, yet necessary, evil. The departing spirit of romance still lingered about it. Fine ladies thronged the lobby to roll their liquid eyes upon the gentle highwayman and housebreakers, though barred from liberty, were still treated as persons of distinction, indulgence being ever venerable for ready money. In those days, Bacchus and Venus were never denied by the grim turnkey ; but received with a frank courtesy due to their large influence on the life of mortals. Hence, Newgate was not the stony terror of our day. True, it was not so clean ; but then, in all the real enjoyments of life, how much more comfortable ! Soap is but a poor commodity, exchanged against that agreeable licence which softens captivity. True, there was then the gaol, fever, that sometimes lessened the fees of the hangman ; but then there was permitted ingress to all black bottles, with no inquisitorial nose of turnkey, snuffing their contents. Even then romance gilded the prison flags, and cast a bloom, a lustre on the footpath and the burglar I Then was there popping of corks and rustling of lute strings I And now is Newgate a hard, dull, dumpish reality; dull as a play- house. As if in mockery of the glad past, the eyes of Jack Sheppard hang, ignobly idle in Newgate lobby. The imagination may yet play around them I but, alas they are but as a satire and reproach to the poor, grisly ankles of the degenerate burglar of our time to the living felon of present Newgate, as the Elgin marbles to the dwarfs that gave on tiptoe under them. That Mrs. Traply should board and bed with her husband in Newgate was a part of that indulgence vouchsafed in the old, benevolent day : turnkeys are not now so blessed t Hence, I owed my introduction to the gaol, and my early meeting with dear, persecuted Patty. Air. Traply quitted his connubial bed before daylight, called from his repose by the iron tongue of law. " Ugh 1" he granted, as he put on his clothes, " here's a day, I An tell, to call a man out I Pretty ride I shall have to Tyburn I It's pleasant enough in summer; but this weather's enough to kill a man." "Never mind, Mike," said his wife; "I've got you what you love for dinner- rabbit and onions ; so let the thoughts of that comfort you as you go and come." " He I" cried Traply, " a man wants something, Heaven knows;" and with this saying he went upon his awful errand, an errand to be lightened by the vision of rabbit and onions I When Mrs. Traply rose, she looked at me again and again, and vowing I should be a perfect beauty when a little put to rights, began to prepare breakfast. Suddenly she stopped and then adding a second cup and saucer, said-" Yes, poor dear, she shall breakfast with me and as luck would have it, she's a feather dresser ; she can tidy it up for me." With this thought, Mrs. Traply left the room. In a few minutes she returned, with Patty Butler, prisoner I Poor thing I thought to see her much changed ; even more pale, more haggard than when carried from Bloomsbury. It was not so. Ill she looked very ill. But to me she seemed as one who held constant communion with death, and was thereby comforted. There was sadness in her face, yet sadness glorified by sweetest patience. Sorrow seemed to ennoble her. She appeared no more sullied by all the hideous guilt and misery of the gaol than did the light of heaven that shone in upon her. Her eyes were mild and tearless and at her mouth there was a smile of resignation ; a smile that showed angelic might of heart ; mighty from its very meekness. Her voice was changed ; deeper, calmer. " There, my dear child," said Mrs. Traply, whose heart was, after all, unchecked by the mints or Newgate, " mere ; ~ make yourself happy with some tea and toast. Come ; you seem a little down this morning. He I don't wonder at it I, who have been here these ten years ha my dear, when I danced at the race-bill with Sir Mohawk Brush, I never thought to come to Newgate. A little drop in your tea, and Mrs. Traply having gratified her own cup with some brandy, prof ferred the restorative to Party. You won't? Well, you know best I should never get through these days without it. I'm sure it's enough to work poor Traply to death. They hang six more next Monday." Fatty spoke not but shuddered, then with an effort com- pressed her lips. "Jack Ketch drinks George the Third's health every Monday, said the woman ; " calls him the real father of his people, he does so well know how to correct 'em, Ila !" cried Mrs. Traply, casting a glance at a Dutch clock in the corner, "they havn't got to St. Giles's Pound yet; and such a day Poor dear Traply 1 I feel for his rheumatism. And going, they do go so slow, my dear." Party tried to speak ; she could not. " You couldn't have lived so long in London without seeing such a sight, my love?" I never did never will," said Patty. " Let us hope not for though there's a sort of something that makes one long to see it I don't know, but it isn't pleasant-no, my dear, it isn't," cried Mrs. Traply, with emphasis. " I was a young, giddy, happy thing, when I saw the first man hanged. Hall my dear little I thought of New- gate then. Well, we won't talk of it. We'll talk of your little trouble, my love. I'm sure I hope it will come to nothing. I'm sure, I think you innocent." " I am innocent," said Patty, mildly. " But my dear, cried the turnkey's wife, "what's innocence in Newgate 9 Bless you, it's better to be a little guilty and safe outside, than be as innocent as snow, and locked up. Still you know, my dear, matters do look a little black against you, in case of the work" " I am prepared, even for the worst," said Patty. " I don't blame you, as a Christian, my dear ; I don't blame you, said the woman. " But for all that you wouldn't throw away your life, my dear ? It would be murder, you know." Party said no word, but sighed heavily. " And you're so young and if you were once comfortable, I've no doubt would be very good-looking. Bless you t I shall live to see you . happy wife, and the mother of a dear family. Now, there's that gentleman, Mr. Curhvell-the man's a doting upon you. he says he'll lay out his last farthing upon lawyers and witnesses' for you and, for money, iii a, good cause, there's kind-hearted people to be found who'll swear what they're told my dear." ' " I am sorry to hear it," said Patty. "What when they know you to be innocent, and will swear what will prove as much ?" " Never mind ; we will not talk of it, Mrs. Traply, I have known but little to tie me to this world and if it-if I say" here Patty struggled with her heart ; then observing me upon chair, she said, her lips quivering as she spoke-" What a pretty feather ! Is it yours ?" " Yes, my dear, though I don't wear such things now. Ha the last time I wore that feather I danced with Sir Mohawk Brush-I think I've named him to you before. Hall if he had only kept his word, what a sweet man he would have been. It's been tumbled, my love, lying by in my box ; perhaps you can put it to rights for me?" " Certainly : I shall, indeed, be glad for you have been very kind to me." " And I want to be kind to you, if you'll let me," said the woman. " Now there's Mr. CurlweU-" " Pray do not speak of him," said Patty. " A nice, kind, affable mast ; older than you, to be here ; but all the better; for the when he will, he'll leave you snug. Suppose now-I merely say suppose, he could get you out of this trouble, if you'd only marry him suppose, I say, there was nothing between death and the church, what would you do?" Patty, who had been gazing at me, laid me down upon the table, and looking fell at the woman, answered in a calm, deep voie«-"Die 1" .. You'd never so wicked," cried Mrs. Traply. " I will never be so wicked," said Patty, to false, so cruelly deceitful towards any man, at to how a love where my heart sickens." " Yes, my dear, but to day," said Mrs. Traply. " But to live," cried Fatty, with quick earnestness; to live and be a daily hypocrite; to feel a daily heartache to shudder at even a word of tenderness to loathe.one's-self for seeming content happy ! Where all this is, what can be life? Oh, no I" said Fatty, with a gentle smile, " I have thought of death and indeed, I can die." " He my dear, that's often our pride and vanity to think so. But to die any way in our own sheets, with the doctor, and every other comfort about us, and to have all sorts of civil things said in a sermon made on purpose for us, even then, my dear, death is bad enough ; but what, when you go out of the world with a bad name with the world, my love always to have something to say against you?" " Terrible, very terrible," said Patty, placing her hand to her brow, " but I have thought of this too and it is little very little, with the thought of innocence. The world," cried Fatty, in a piteous voice-" What shall I be to the world ? What to me the blame or praise of the world, when I am in the grave 1" Yes, my dear ; but you must own there's a hard trial 'twixt Newgate and that. He 1 at this moment, poor things stand again Mrs. Traply looked at the Dutch clock-" at this very moment, they're taking their last sup at the Pound. Hal there's the trial, my love." Fatty trembled from head to foot, and I could see her small bands work convulsively could see the lighting of her heart to keep the terror down, as Mrs. Traply, for the kindest purpose, as she thought, painted the horrors of the death-journey from Newgate to Tyburn. " You don't know what it is child, or you wouldn't talk in that way. Hat my dear, it's very different to going with a party, and sitting at a window to see the poor things in the cart, and being one of em, you know. Innocence, my dear, is all very well ; but I don't know any innocence that could bear to be stared at by thousands of people, all looking as if they had red-hot eyes upon you ! And then to see the whole street swimming about you-and to have the blood like boiling lead in your cars for a dear soul as was reprieved told me all about it and how all the men and women looked like stony faced devils round him-and how as he heard some of 'em laugh, it went like a knife into his heart and how as the cart rumbled along, he prayed for the stones to open and bury him and how when he got to Tyburn, had my dear, he was proved as innocent as you are, and yet he felt all this-and how, as I was saying, when he got to Tyburn-but you don't listen to me?" The woman spoke the truth for Fatty had sunk beneath the struggle of her feelings, and lay insensible in the chair. (To be continued.) IT is time that some effort should be made, in these regions of the Antipodes, to dispel the delu- sions of superstition and to correct the influence of deep-seated prejudices. In the parent-hind, this has been, to a considerable extent, accomplished by the universal diffusion of sound and useful know- ledge-by opening sources of correct information that pour their refreshing streams through every ramification of society. The lower classes, from the defects of education and the consequent limited scope of their views, long clung with stubborn tenacity, to opinions handed down as heirlooms from remote generations, and to dogmas that traced their origin to the rude wisdom of our forefathers. Yet, even in these sections of the people, impressions stamped on forming intelligence, and prejudices imparted to expanding intellect by the lips of parents and confirmed by all the associations of maturer years, have been compelled to give way before the triumphant march of science. The machinery of magicians, necromancer, and fairies has long been broken to pieces and the wild belief in ghosts and apparitions has been dissipated and destroyed by the teachings of reason founded on religion. The dark mysteries of the occult sciences hold the mind no longer in thraldom and in terror; and the pretensions of judicial astrology are scattered to the winds. The marvellous tales that amused our boyhood have given place to a series of juvenile productions at once calculated to inform the understanding, strengthen the judgment, and enlighten the heart; while, collaterally with the employment of these important agents on the plastic mind of youth, similar results have been accomplished on confirmed habits and matured opinions by works of accurate science and by the appliances of talent and learning. Hence the impious absurdities of " Francis Moore have been, to a great extent, superseded by the really-valtuble information of the British Almanac, with a host of kindred periodicals in its train ; while the decline of confidence in meteorological predictions is marked by the fact that the data on which " Weather Tables" profess to be constructed, are now all but about doned. The last great imposition on popular credulity was the *. Weather Almanack" of Mr. Murphy, which won a transient reputation by a single fortunate conjecture. Its almost invariable failure, joined to the evident deception of expecting for general predictions a specific accomplishment, over an area so extensive as to admit every variety of meteorological transition, speedily overthrew its authority, and deprived it of all credit except that which could not be denied it, as an ingenious and profitable speculation. Along with the banishment of these delusions came the annihilation of popular faith in planetary power over the destinies, and in lunar influence over the minds and passions, of mankind. Reason and religion have combined to expose the monstrous absurdity-the daring profanity of believing that a being of infinite wisdom and goodness would delegate, to any portion of inanimate creation, powers that constitute the essential attributes of deity, and that can alone be exercised by an ever-superintend- ing and ever-watchful Providence. Such is the present state of popular information at home. In these remote colonies, the case is necessarily and widely different. Numbers transferred themselves to these distant climes before the great movement of" national education' commenced The results of scientific investigation and the arrangements of benevolent zeal have not yet had time to follow them, so as to produce their full and legitimate effect in correcting the erroneous notions which they brought to their adopted land. They retain, therefore, to a greater extent and in more active force, the superstitious prejudices implanted in earlier and less favoured days. With the view of contributing, in a slight degree, to the correction of some of the errors which, from the operation of these circumstances, yet prevail amongst us, we give the subjoined paper from Chambers' Edinburgh Journal a periodical which has powerfully aided to bring about so beneficial a change in the " land of our sires." POPULAR FALLACIES ABOUT THE MOON. THE late laborious researches of M. Arago (respecting the supposed influence of the Moon on the state of the weather, and on animal and vegetable bodies, are ably reported in two articles, respectively published in the first and seventh numbers of the Monthly Chronicle, a new periodical which bears the comprehensive title of " a National Journal of Politics, Literature, Science, and Art, and which is understood to be under the management of able writers in all of these departments. The influence of the Moon on the Weather forms the subject of the first article. From a very early period, meteorological phenomena were supposed to be connected with the lunar motions ; nor was this supposition unnatural, considering the obvious and undeniable, though at the same time mysterious, influence of the same planet on the tides. Originally, however, the moon and other heavenly bodies were regarded more as signs than causes, as far as atmospheric phenomena were concerned ; but in course of time these signs degenerated into a most absurd system of rules, having no real foundation in nature. The following, for example, is one of the axioms regarding the moon's influence : " If the horns of the lunar crescent, on the third day after new moon, are sharply and clearly defined, the weather may be expected to be fair during the ensuing month." The absurdity of this is made apparent by the plain argu- mentation subjoined. " The lunar crescent is produced by a peculiar relation of position which subsists between the aspects of the moon presented to the sun and the earth. If only half the hemisphere which receives the sun's light be presented towards the earth, the moon is exactly halved ; if a quarter of the hemisphere be turned to the earth, the moon is a crescent, and its age is then nearly four days. When its age is less than two days, therefore, less than an eighth of its illuminated hemisphere is presented to our planet, and consequently it appears as a very thin crescent. It is evident that these effects, if seen through perfectly transparent space, could not alter with circumstances, and that, in the same position of the moon, with respect to the earth and sun, the crescent must be at all times equally sharp and distinct. But when the moon is viewed (as it is by us through an atmosphere from thirty to forty miles high-that atmosphere being liable to be more or less loaded with imperfectly transparent vapours-it will be seen with more or less distinctness, according to the varying transparency of the medium through which it is viewed. The fact, therefore, of the cres- cent appearing distinct and well defined, or obscurely with the points of the horns blunted, is merely a consequence of our atmosphere being at one time more pure, clear, and transparent, than at another." Another axiom of lunar meteorology declares, that " if on the fourth day the moon project no shadow, we are to expect bad weather during the month." In this instance, also the moon simply serves as an instrument to determine the humidity of the air for as the quantity of light reflected from the moon must be always the same, its intensity on reaching our earth, or in other words its power to produce a shadow, must be determined by the amount of vapours in the atmosphere which it passes through. The proposition, therefore, is identical with the last and only means, that when " the atmosphere in the west, a little after sunset, on the fourth day of the moon, is loaded with humidity, the weather during the month will be bad." These two propositions, accordingly, couched under such seemingly profound terms, signify no more than that we shall always have bad weather during any given month, if the atmosphere in the western horizon is vapoury for an hour or two, on a certain evening, towards its begin- nings proposition most superlatively lame, impotent, and inconclusive. The ingenious writer of these papers, after exhibiting the fallacy of such axioms as these, proceeds to examine the justice of the very common notion that a change of weather accompanies a chance of the moon." The long train of scientific reasoning which follows on this subject would occupy too much of our space, and we shall content ourselves, therefore, with stating the conclusion to which the writer arrives. "From all that has been stated, it follows, then, conclusively, that the popular notions concern- ing the influence of the lunar phases on the weather have no foundation in theory, and no correspondence with observed facts. That the moon, by her gravita- tion, exerts an attraction on our atmosphere, cannot be doubted ; but its effects are either too small in amount to be appreciable in the actual state of meteorological instruments, or they are obliterated by other more powerful causes, from which they have not yet been eliminated." The notion, therefore, that a change is to be looked for at full and new moon, venerable as that notion is from its antiquity and the universality of its acceptation, receives no countenance from the results of scientific inquiry. The supposed influence of the moon is not confined to the weather. Gardeners in some countries have an idea that the red moon kills the young shoots of plants. The red moon is that which is full between the middle of April and the close of May. Now, in charging such a moon with an injurious effect on plants, the accusers simply mistake a sign for a cause. Plants are killed frequently at that sea- son as if by frosts, though, on the nights when the death takes place, a thermometer in the open air may stand many degrees above the freezing point. Observing this to be the case, gardeners can see no cause for the evil done to the plants but the lunar light, which they notice to be always keen and strong at the period. But, in reality, the state of the atmosphere is the true cause of the injury to the vegetables. On clear and unclouded nights, substances on the earth's surface lose heat by radiation, while the sky is not in a state to restore to them any of their lost warmth. Ice is, in fact, produced in warm climates, under such circumstances. But if the atmosphere be clouded, these clouds, having the quality of radiating, heat, restore the caloric radiated from substances on the surface of the earth: On cloudy nights, accordingly, when the moon is veiled, plants receive no injury by the radiation of their heat ; while, on cloudless nights, when the moon is vivid and unveiled, plants are injured. The moon falsely bears the blame, whereas, in reality, she is only a sign of that condition of the atmosphere which is justly chargeable with the injury. There is another equally erroneous aphorism respecting the influence of the moon on vegetables. Almost all European gardeners and agriculturists hold that vegetables, plants, and trees, which are expected to thrive, should be planted, grafted, and pruned, during the increase of the moon. (The supporter of this theory has thus attempted to prove its accordance with physical principles :-" During the day, the solar heat augments the quantity of sap which circulates in plants, by increasing the magnitude of the tubes through which the sap in ives ; while the cold of the night produces the opposite effect, by contracting these tubes. Now, if the moment of sunset, if the moon be increasing it will be above the horizon, and the warmth of its light would pro- long the circulation of the up; but, during its decline, it will not rise for a considerable time after sunset, and the plants will be suddenly exposed to the unmitigated cold of the ing at, by which a sudden contraction of leaves and tubes will be produced, and the circulation of the sap at suddenly obstructed." This is the best reasoning why he can be adduced by its supporters in favour of this doctrine, and, unfortunately for them, the whole can be very simply shown to be based on error- though no matter of moonshine. "If we admit (says the writer in the Monthly Chronicle) the lunar rays to possess any sensible calorific power, this reasoning might be allowed ; but it will have very little force when it is [' considered that the extreme range of temperature which can be produced by the lunar light does not amount to the ten-thousandth part of a degree of the thermometer !" But, in truth, argumentation is not required to overturn this fallacy. It is enough that experiment decisively shows that no appreciable difference can be observed in the qualities of vegetables planted at different times in the lunar month. Pliny's prescription of the full moon as the time for bean sowing, and of the new moon as the season for putting lentils in the earth, excites a smile in M. I Arago. M Truly, we have need," says he, " of a robust faith to admit, without proof, that the moon, at a distance of 240,000 miles, shall in one position act advantageously on the vegetation of beans, and that, at the same distance, and in the opposite position, she shall be propitious to lentils." It is strange how long these and other fallacies relative to the supposed influence of the moon on vegetables, have held a place among the practical and everyday aphorisms of mankind, without being supported even by the shadow of a fair argument " " It is a prevalent notion in some parts of Europe, that the moon's light is attended with the effect of darkening the complexion." Here, again, the silver regent of the sky" gets the repute of effecting changes which seem to be more properly attributable to other causes. The sun's rays have, it is well known, a striking effect on the colour of many objects, but the moon's rays appear to possess but little of the same power. The white chloride of silver becomes a deep black when laid in the sun, while the moon's rays do not effect it in the least. This and other circumstances lead us to doubt the moon's power in blackening the skin. M. Arago thinks it not improbable that the radiation of unre stored heat from the skin may tend to darken its hue when exposed to the air on a clear cold night. Bivouacking by night in the open air soon deepens the time of the human face. But here it is not the moon that acts, although the true cause will operate often when the moon is unveiled by clouds, as in the case of the vegetables already adverted to. A clear moonless light will have the same effect as a clear night with a visible moon. There is a prevailing notion amongst butchers, in some parts of the world, that the marrow found in the bones of animals varies in quantity according to the phase of the moon in which they were slaughtered. Experiments, instituted for the purpose, have proved this belief to be without foundation, and this is the only mode of refutation which the subject will admit of. The same answer may be given to the assertions that shell-fish become larger during the increase than during the decline of the moon, and that a healthy man gains two pounds weight at the beginning of every lunar month, which he loses ere its end. Experiment disproves both. Another common idea is, that putrefaction is forwarded by the light of the moon. This is another instance if the fact really be as stated-of the substitution of the moon for the clear sky, which permits the moon to be visible. It is in clear nights that dew is deposited, and humidity has a tendency to accelerate putrefaction. Passing over several minor instances, noticed by our authority, of supposed lunar influence, we come to that opinion which has given origin to the word lunatic, as applied to insane persons. From a very early period, human diseases, generally, were held to be deeply connected with the planetary bodies. The critical seasons of almost all maladies were conceived by Hippocrates and Galen to be effected by the moon's phases. All ideas of this kind, however, have now been banished from medicine, excepting as regards insanity, and nervous or brain diseases in general. There still are persons, and even physicians, who maintain that the paroxysms of insane persons are more violent when the moon is at full than at other times Those who. support this opinion refer to numbers of recorded cases in proof of it. Lunar eclipses, in particular, are referred to as having been frequently instrumental in exciting maniacs to outrageous paroxysms, as well as in causing death both to persons in this unfortunate state, and to others. Mutluohis Faber writes of a maniac, who at the moment of a lunar eclipse became furious, seized a sword, and fell upon all around. In 1693, an Italian physician found a great number of deaths to occur on the occasion of an eclipse, during the prevalence of a fever. But an eclipse, it must be remembered, was a source of profound terror in those days, and it is certain that it has now no such effects. A careful examination of cases of mental aberration, will in all likelihood lead to a similar conviction that the moon has really nothing whatever to do with insanity, or any other disorders of the brain. 