THE LESSON OF .LIFE. . , A HOUSEHOLD nOUANCK. [Continued from page 24.3 ' CHAPTER IV; . - ' And what — what if tho Jew give notice of the rob bery'!?' askud Belleville, almost stunned by the intelligence of the careless Do . la Jonquillo. :'? What if., Aaron de nounce tho thief?' ' Think not of it, my dear Chevalier, replied Do la Jonquille; 'tho Jew is a man of honour. .No, no — you have nought to fear.' ? , . ? , - ' I — I lour !' exclaimed. Belleville, looking fiercely at the immovcablo Marquis; ' let the felon tremble,— what have I to dread 1' ' ? ..' 'Alas! most spotless Chovalier,' replied Do la Jon quillo, with affectud compassion ; ' in this wiokod work ing-day world, purity oven as bright as yours will be dimmed, bo somewhat tarnished by the tainting breath of common rumour. Now, though I, his friend, believe the Chevalier J3elloville to bo of a moitt ancient honourable, houso, there are unbelieving dullards who may wisb'to know bis quartcrings : though I am well content to think him rich as the Mogul, the sordid folks in Paris may sometimes ask to see his ready monoy. Truly, now, m«jr it not bo -so, thrico noblo Chevalier ?' ' Marquis !' cried Belloville., dwolliug with significant emphasis on tho word. ' ' Ha ! ha ! Confess— does not my Marquis sound «» well as your Chevalier? — has it not as true a ring? Como, Belleville, let the meddling world if it choose play tho herald with our titles, 'tis not for us to busy ourselves with such unprofitable employment. To mo, you shall be princo if you will ; so, I pray you, let alone my humblo raarquisatf.' Saying this, Do la Jonquille, rocking himself in his chair, stared confidently at Belleville, confounded by tho assurance of his companion. ' I ? I fear me, Marquis, that our tastes will henceforth unfit us for a communion that ? ' ' No, no,' interrupted De la Jonquille, ' never beliere it. I perceive your delicacy ; you shrink from the superiority of my accomplishments.' ' I do, indeed, ' replied Bollville, sternly. ' Tut ! tho mero ignoranco of modesty. Take the word of tho Marquis De la Jonquillo — ha ! ha ! a blooming title, is 't not ? — take his word, that you nro in a fair way to eclipse even tho brilliancy of his name. Oh, Chovalier ! and Do la Jonquille guzed intently at Belleville, 'you know not your powers — aro oven unconscious ofyonr triumphs.' 'Enough of this — enough, that I know and loathe your infamy— that I* command you to bo gone,' cried Belleville. ''And the bracelet — the diamonds, Chevalier,' said the unmoved Marquis; ' will you keep the trinket, or shall I pay the crowns ? Shall I ? Madame Belleville !' and the Marquis bowed with his excelling- grace as the matron entered the room. ' Madame Belleville, you come at a most happy moment. Let mo ask a lady's taste. We talked oi diamonds, and ? ' 'I fear, Sir,' said Madame Belleville, coldly, ' that I have seen the spoil you speak of — fear I know its history.' \- 'Spoil is a harsh word from fair lips,' replied the. unabashed Marquis ; ' a cruel word ; for, trust me, the Chevalier is the most punctilious player. I nover knew a man bring such fine morality to the gatning-tablo : cardinals might learn of him.' ' Another time for praise, most honourable Marquis,' said Belleville ; ' should we meet again, I may have better leisure to listen to this eulogy.' ''Tis always thus with him, Madame,' cried the smiling Do la Jonquille; 'deaf ears to his own merits, and the promptest tongue for the virtues of his friend.' Bellevillo, almost maddened by the phlegmatic assur anoe of his visitor, was yet curbed by a lurking menace in his eyes. For a third time the Chevalier bowed, and glanced towards the door; and still the Marquis stood his ground, and smiled. ' Shall wo meet to-night, Belloville ?' asked Do la Jonquille ; ' or, for one evening, do you play tlio hermit ?' ' I have business, answered Bolloville, drily ; ' business, it may be, of a delicate and serious import, with Eugene de Loire. You know tho gentleman — if my memory fuil not, nobla Marquis, I have heard you say as much.' ' We have met,' answered De la Jonquille, with com posure, ' but our meeting was so brief, and the crowd so great, I can hardly hope to lingor in his memory.' ' OH ! we have the means to bring you to his thoughts,' said Belleville, and he fixed his eyes upon the tranquil cut- purse. \- 'And may I look for such service from the friendship of my best companion if' asked De la Jonquille; whilst Belleville turned his face from the keen, malignant glunco of the Inquirer. '? Why, so ! I must rack my wit to iind a due reward for such rare courtesy.' . Edith, who had watched the threatening and significant looks of tho two friends — for such thev had hitherto de clared themselves — sought to know ot her husband the motive of Do la Jonquillo's sudden bittornb.is : whilst loathing him she trembled at his words. ' What hasty speech lmd passed— what inadvertent thought escaped, to stir the temper of the Marquis ?' ' A thousand pardons, gentlo Madame Belleville,' ro plied De la Jonquillo. '1 fear tho ghastly sight that stopped me on my way — poor youth ! a brave, hopeful, fenorouB lad — has made me most unfit for company, oor, murdered lad!' And De la Jonquille, calling up a look of sadness, crossed bis arms, and -sighed' heavily: \- 'Humph ! a suddon griof — let us hope not a fatal one : and yet, you spoko of murdor, Marquin.' said Belleville,' sneeringly. ' Was tho victim a very vulued friend, or a mere acquaintance, to bo replucod at tho noxt tavern ?' 'Dear Maduino Bellevile,' said Do la Jonquillo, doign- ing no reply to the irony of the Chevalier, 'my poor young frionu, Antoine Laval— — ' ' 'Antoino Laval!' exclaimed Madame Bolloville. 'f What of him 1 Oh 1 merciful llpuven !— Antoine — ? — '?'. ? 'Madame Belleville,' obsorved the Chovalier, coldly, 'I fear I lack a porfect knowledge sf your many esti-' mable friends.' :??;.:' i , i , t. a i ., u~' Speak, Sir— speak 1' cried Madame Bollovlllo to tho Marquis : ' .what of Antoine 1 Heed not myjiusband ; ho knows not. tho misery may come of this—knows riot' tho youth'1 '' : ? ???' i! '~'; '''''''' '!','? '..!'?' ' Your pardon, Madame Belleville,' answered De la1 Jonquille; 'the Chevalier and the unhappy lad met but two nights since. Bellevillo,' said tho Marquis, 'surely you remember the handsome stripling in thu bloom coloured satin — him who staked ana lost with such emotion!' 'Antoine at a gaming- house! Antoino snared by tho . fiends of play ?' cried Madame Belloville. ':'J ' I counselled him — wanted him of his danger— his inexperience,' said De la Jouquillo ; ' but who can resist the Chovalier ?' ,' ' Rupert — husband ! No, no, your soul is saved thnt sin ! Changed us you are — debased, degraded by your hateful trade, you aro yourself a father, and could not lure that noble yuuth to crime. If — if it bo other wise ? ' ' ''' ' What then !' asked Belleville, nnd ho glared fiorcly at the agonized woman. ' What if this Antoino Laval — if so he's called — played and lost his every crown— what's in it but good luck, since I'm the winner ?' ? ' And yet the history of the poor lad, when known, may cause some idle talk among tho tenderhearted folks of Paris. Who knows, Chevalier,' said Do la Jonquille; ' that greedy, grumbling justice may not ask a restitution of your winnings ? Hear tho story. This Antoino Laval was the son — tho only child — of a merchant's widow. At his father's death, his mother quitted Paris; and, m itli a small pittance, the produce of remaining merchandise, devoted herself to one only care— the education of her darling boy. He grow up a handsome, frank, ingcuiouB youth ; and many, many were the days of future happiness hoped for by tho widowed heart of the fond mother.' ' ' Humph ! so far a moving story,' said Belloville, bitterly ; ' and, for that you are new at tho trick or pathos, movingly told. Even Eugene do Loire, might forget his losses, touched by tho sympathetic strain of the Marquis De la Jonquille.' ' Hear me out — hear out tho tale ; then, if you hayo lungs for the sport, crow your laughter. A twelvemonth since, tho widow and her son returned to Paris A friend of tho dead merchant took tho youth into his office, where every day his gentleness, intelligence, and cheerful habits obtained him praise, advancement, and, in brief, a pluce of highest contldcnce. One night, urged by curiosity— ho had seen no such haunt in Paris — ho sought the tables. Whilst there, watching thu games, fixed in his purposo not to play, a visitor accosted him ; learned his history, his occupation, his command of wealth incalculable. You know that visitor, Chevalier — you know his subtle, elegant address, his fatal smilu ?' Madame Belleville raised her eyes to the lowering, burning brow of her guilty husband, and reading thoro his infamy, buried her fuuo in her hands and wept con vulsively. 'Why do you pauso V asked Belvillo. ' Toll out your tale,' good Marquis of tho gibbet — most delicate Jonquillo of tho rope — out with it : I, too, hayo a history that, in jjood time, may follow.' : ' ' !. The Marquis Dc la Jonquille smiled, gently elevated; his oyebrows, and proceeded with ,. his story :—' Again' and again Antoino appeared at -the tables. .'His 'friend advised, tempted; tho young man staked;'. wcin— night' after night ho won — I saw his fortune— saw him doomed.' Well, tho story has'tho old ending Ytho run changed—' tho young man lost nnd lost; lib staUod money not his own; it passed into your purse,. Chovalier Belleville :- and, ere you had sought;your peaceful pillowy' the: mi- serable Antoino Lavel— tho poor, wrctelied, maddened dupe — hurt taken alonp.intho dark!' Sayihg'this.'tlio' Marquis fixed hiB eyes on Bclyilliyand coldly' Btnlled. ' '-\ ''^Why-— why: do you preach this to mo !' oxclaimcd -th*o infuriated Belleville: ' why, hypocrite, villain, out purse?'.. ...... . ? c . '? What besides ? Nothing more?' asked Do la Jon quille, and still ho smiled. 'Come, make my character complete for evil ; call me companion, friend of the Chevalier Belleville.' ' Miscreant !' shouted Bellevillo, and, drawing bis rapier, he rushed upon the Marquis. ' Miscreant ! though I defraud the gallows, I'll ? ' But, at this moment, Belvillo's weapon, foiled by the easy mastery of his opponent, flow to a far end of the apartment, and, as it had been glass, shivered, as it fell, into pieces. Belleville stared, wondor- struck, at the sleight. ' Fie, Belleville !' observed Oe la Jonquillc, at the time placidly sheathing his weapon ; 'fie I you hold a rapier as 'twere a flail. Madame Bellovjlle,' and the Marquis bowed profoundly to the fainting, terrified woman, ' I have the honour to take my leave.' f Villain!' cried Belville, impotent with rage, 'villain! ; wo shall meet again.' ,.' Certainly, most certainly,' repliod Do la Jonquillo, and, again smiling on the Chevalier, the robber Marquis walked leisurely from tho apartment. ';. Bolville, with a mysterious feeling of minglod awe and hatred of his departed visitor, stood motionless, silent. No sound' was heard in tho apartment Eavo the deep sob bings of his wretched wife, accusing him, in bitterest accents, of his guilt. Ho stood, humbled and degraded, not daring to meet a face which, for more than eighteen years, had shone with love upon him. He seemed to himself a felon arraigned at his own hearth-stone. , 'Edith — wife,' cried Bclloville, and his hoart sank at the words : falling in a chair, he appeared awaiting his sentence. Awhile ho sat in silence, then, starting from bis seat, exclaimed imploringly, his voico breaking with tho intensity of his passion — ' Wife — wife — for tho love of God, — speak to mo !' Ere all the words were uttered, Edith was in her husband's arms. ' So, — tliou art still Edith,' said Belleville, after some timo venturing to meet his wife's eyes, — 'still my wife. And yet, 'tis not tho face—not the look of Edith. Why do you gaze so upon mo ? Why those frozen eyes — why that face of stone ? Am I grown so hateful — hideous ? Speak your thoughts, woman — I can almost soo thorn,' criod Belleville gloomily, his passion returning as ho felt himself more and moro alionuted from the good, kind spirit of her, who, though sho could not but cling to it, could not but feel how wicked, worthless was the object of her woman's love. ' Well,' said Bollovillo, folding his arms, and drawing himself up to challenge tho keonost glances of his wife, ' well,' ho criod in laughing mockery, 'what see you? What monstor do you look upon? Truth, though of tho bitterest, — I givo you all honour, Madamo Bollovillo — ever falls from your tongue} I can listonto it oven now. What see you ?', 'Ask mo not — ask mo not,' criod Edith, ''tis too terrible to spook.' ? , ' Indood I By Mercury, and all my other saints j you; make mo curious. Como, paint the pioturo, Madamo Belleville.' .. ; , ' ; I ' 'T will bo in blood, then,' answered Edith, and Rupert, recoiled at the words — at the voico, for it was the voico. of the accusing angel that uttorod them. 'In tho blood, of tho futhorless — in tho. tears of the widow,— the widow walling, for her child. Oh, man ! what fiend has snared you?'r . ? 'Fiend 1 The bugbear of a slavish mind— the fabled goblin of poor, weak fools, who take drudgery as their, destiny, and dare not— for the jaok-o'-lantnorn — break, their chain or cast their load away. Am I to bo startled, by such jargon as gossips uso ? — Or shall I at once con fess that I have made away my soul to our great enemy— that, under sign and seal, I am his future bondman ?' ' No, husband, no. : Well you say, — all such compacts ' between man and demons are but the fancies of a fabler's tale. 'Tis thoughts, — Rupert, — thoughts, that harden ing tho hoart to all tho charities of life, make man a selfish hunter of his race — 't is thoughts, that, killing human sympathies, condemn tho immortal soul. The fiends that ho in wait for us need no charm to raise them — no mystio word — no wizard's spell, — the wickedness of thought is power sufficient. How often to think ovil is to call a devil up to act it !' ' Humph ! Can it bo ?' asked Bellevile, sneeringly. ' Can so much danger be about us ? The stars preserve poor, thinking man !' ' You deem me visionary, dreaming, Belleville,' said Edith, and her eyes filled with tears. 'Tell me,' she cried, her voice deepening as she spoke, ' when you thought to despoil Antoine Laval, if no imp of darkn«w wcro at hand, whetting a weapon for his breast!' ' Peace !' raved Belleville, his eyes flashing, ' peace ! or wilt make roe mad ? What know I of his death-? ?T is true, I won his gold — but won it fairly, openly. His fate is upon his own head.' Edith approached her husband, and extending her arms towards him — her form dilated, — her eye Axed, — her face, her attitudo, that of a prophetess, — she spoke in thrilling tones, — ' Upon your head, Rupert, upon yours ! I look upon it, and 1 see no single hair that is not, dyed with helpless blood — no spot of your face that is hot stained with the lifo of a dupe.' 'Devils!' exclaimed Belleville, and, in his madness, he rushed towards Edith, his hand grasping for his sword; Edith, unmoved by his fronzy, calmly pointed to the broken weapon on the floor : Bollevillo, abashed at his own desperate cowardice, awed by tho stern tranquillity of tho better naturo beforo him, paused and muttered. ' Leave mo — dost hear i — I would bo alone.' ?- Impossible, Rupert,' said Edith, 'impossible.' ' Am I not master here, Madam ?' asked Belleville: haughtily. 'Were you master of all Paris, Rupert, you could not now command tho solitudo of ono poor hour.' ' Ay ?' asked Bellevillo, wonderingly. ?- Even now, I see him by your side,— I see him, the companion of your futuro life,' cried Edith, 'the follower, for over at your hand, until the grave shall opon for you.' ' Foacc, and bogone !' cried Belloville. ' Does the woman seo ghosts in broad day ? You see him ? Whom !' ' Antoino Laval,' answered Edith. As she spoke, a shriek resounded through tbo house : Belleville started, and with whito face, and in a voice tremulous with appro, tension, askoil— ' was not that Marie ? ' ' Your daughter,' answered Madame Belleville. ' ' ' What do I seo ?' oxeluimod Belleville, — as a girl, with staring, vacant oyes, and smiles of latent madness, glided into tho apartment. ' It cannot be ! ' cried the. father, and his trembling hands clasped his head, as ho gazed upon tho terriblo faco of tho girl — a face of youthful beauty blighted by tho looks of a maniac— ' wifo, wife, it cannpt bo ! ' criod Belleville in agony, — ' Speak — that is — is ? ' and, inc: pablo of further spocoh, ho stood gasping, with his hand pointing towards tho maiden. ' Edith looked .upon her child, and the brow, of tho mother wns darkened for over with tho horrid truth. The par on t neither raved, nor shod a tear, but, turning her face, struck old with suddon misery, upon her husband/ she answered him in a voice of hollow whispering — 'That is — 1 knew tho truth but yesterday — that is tho' affianced bride of Antoine Laval. ' ? ' - . At tho words, Rupert fell as dead at tho feet of. his wtlless child. 