THE STORY OF A FEATHER. was stated streets. (A Storeroom w POSCH.") CHAPTER XXXVI. (Coutlûuedfrom our last) -. SOMETHING MORE OF FANNY DAVIS THE POOR ACTORS HOME MISS GAUNT WOLF. " FANNY DAVIS," continued the bodice, " is only now in a tier seventeenth year and for her salary, she may, perhaps, have as many shillings as years. Yet is She the most discreet, the most gentle of creatures. Her first baby recollections are of the playhouse. From the first hour she could balance her self upon her two feet, Fanny was an actress. Ere she had been twenty months in the world's theatre, she was a little toddling fairy at one shilling per night. Being the child of a poorest actors- folks just trusted with syllables in London her baby earnings were precious silver drops in the Small household cup of her parents. Hence, too, She had no real childhood. Happily for her, she was not an infant wonder. She was not taught to think herself a little lump of brain in red shoes ; a dwarfed woman housed in the image of on infant. Oh, those baby prodigies 1" cried the bodice. " Baby prodigies 1" 1 echoed in my ignorance. I. Comedy and tragedy queens of six years old," said the bodice. a Creatures made to chew Shakspeare with their pap ; poor little soul forced out of babyhood to mum maturity. And they catch a trick of it, poor things I and full-grown babies stare, and applaud, and whoop at the miracle, as doubtless Adam wondered when the first parrot cried . Pretty Poll r To make a prodigy of this sort, you must first kill the baby. Depend upon it, these doings are child-murders, with only this difference they escape the coroner. Happily, I say then, Fanny Davis was none of these. She was not fed on the applause of an audience she was not brought up by the clapping hands of a wise and discerning public. To this moment she has never heard her voice upon the stage, but is accounted no more of than a part of the human furniture which makes up the train of queens and princesses ; is now one of a mob of happy villagers, and now a silent chambermaid. Hence, to Fanny there is no hope none. She can never be an actress never anything but a sort of fringe upon an actress's robe. Her seventeen shillings per week may have increase of three-and there, in the playhouse at least-must the hopes of Fanny rest. And. the best of it is, dear creature, she knows this, and in all her poverty is blithe as a robin in December." " Is she pretty?" I asked. "Very beautiful," answered the bodice; and therefore in this place had need of a stout heart and constant spirit. Mr. Garrick is somewhat particular, and doesn't let the wild fellows of the town sharpen their wits upon the actresses-he doesn't let his green-room be a place of ease to other places ; nevertheless, he can't stop letters, and presents in them, with promises and rickshaws that catch poor butterfly girls. Generally one a night of these things comes to Fanny, and still it is refused. Only two nights since, a note was offered her. 'I know nobody to write to me,' she said But it is of consequence, Miss Davis 1' said the bearer. 'Is it so, indeed?' cried Fanny « then pray take it to my father.' Bless her I" cried the bodice, 1 hugged her for the moment all the closer for it.'" " A sweet thing, indeed," said 1. How I should like to see barT In good times" observed the bodice. But I have told you half. Though I loved the dear child from the first time etna wore me, I knew not her fall worth until about a fortnight ago. IT is a touching story, though indeed there's little in it. " . Tell ft me," I cried impatiently. "Last Thursday week," said the bodice, "I was worn by Fanny, who, I observed, looked ill very ill. Poor child She was hoarse-almost inarticulate and I could feel, burnt with a fever. Several of the ladies-for Fanny is a general favourite spoke to her, and begged her to go home. Still she answered with a smile, faint enough, that it was nothing-It would pass off-she should be better. At length, dear Airs. Class called Ute under prompter to Fanny. E '1 his dear child must go home she sha'n't stay here I Well said the prompter, she had better take on her dress, and Dress 1 Don't talk to me of your rags', men ; she shan't stop an instant Here, Neill' and Clive called to her maid, wrap her up warm in my cloak get her things together, and-you. Bob, go for a coach 1 she said to one of the men. And mind', Mall, yon take her safe home, and say I shall come and' see her in the morning. Now, Mrs. Clive," said that bodice, " is not a woman to be denied anything ; even David shake before hers and so, in a very few minutes, Fanny well wrapt up, was in a coach on her way home, and Nell with Her. 1 found Fanny's dwelling-place humble enough, but clean and orderly. There were five children, all much younger than herself, at home. Fanny's mother had some time since quitted" the stage, as she says, to look after her family. Poor fault this is a bit of professional pride the stage quitted her. Her first hold upon it was merely a pretty face and slim figure, and as bloom and slimness departed, why, the stage slipped from her, and she then said it would be cheaper for her to look to her children at home, than to remain in the profession. Mr. Davis, with conjugal pride, is wont to speak of the sacrifice that Mr Davis made for her family, what she might have been, had she continued on the boards, nobody could tell. However, there was no arguing with a mother's heart ; the dear soul would have her way, and it was a sacrifice-but she hasn't. Mr. Davis had an uncertain nightly salary at Covent Garden, which he always speaks of as our house, though it is now three years since he belonged to it. Poor fellow] He is an honest worthy creature, devoted to his wife and children, and by such devotion enabled to bear much. He and Mrs. Davis think each other the greatest treasures in the world! Hence have they enjoyment-with' only a handful of sleepy fire in the winter's grate, and with pale-faced children about them to talk of the triumphs of one another in the country " "'hit possible?" I asked. "True, I assure you and a great solace it is to them. I remained about a week in their lodgings, and heard them at it every day. ' Well, John,' Mrs. Davis would begin, a I saw Hamlet last night. People may call it a Wife's prejudice, but 'twas nothing like your Hamlet at' Cranbrolre. I shall never forget that point of yours at the Ghost's speech, . I am thy father's spirit. As for Garrick, he quite missed it' It's very odd, Mary,' said Davis, ' I was just then thinking of the new Juliet, and your Juliet at Gravesend. That line of yours-' . What' line, John ?' Mrs. Davis! asked; with the prettiest Innocence. ' Oh, my dear, that line that struck the mayor so Much As with a club dash out my desperate brains 1' There, Mary, though you're my own wife, I will say it, you went quite through the bean. The poor girl of the other night scarcely touched one's Waistcoat.' And thus," said the Boddice, the happy pauper couple are wont to flatter one another." With an empty cupboard,' 'at least you say, a great solace, and may serve" them somewhat instead of beer and ale," said I. «. Yes," answered the bodice, drily ; " but they cannot feed the little Davies after that fashion. However, to my story of Fan by. her poor mother was dreadfully alarmed when the girl was brought home. ' Oh,' she cried, I those shoes-those dreadful shower I knew she'd catch her death P This made me look at the shots, which, will satisfy street attire,' Mrs. Cfive's maid brought with her. They were worn thin as paper; and though stitched and stitched, there were treacherous holes at the sides to the fever and death in from the cold" wet street. Poor thing I In show tftHag seethed she that day stood three hours at s^lissseslh a My dear Fanny I cried Mrs. Davis; witH all thW I southward her fate.' I Oh, I shall be quite well to-morroW ¡ I tasiU lodead. I am not so ill news was only Mrs: Clive would make welcome home,' said Fanny. And she'll be here, ma'am, also had masses In the mornings cried Nell, who ti^roturiMaTtOber mistress; Mrs.-, Davis assisted Fanny to M?, and then; with heavy l»i»H,.rc«klBtibl»»^6iiiif».i'ehrM' tOBlatp. awaited ttsa-comlrtg of her- mrtkohaYwBb' beats the story of Fanny's Hints with tearful eyes; and sweet that, JP's BeViN "always "a good «hfUM coats to-morrow. Poor, penniless play try I shall never forget this wrtUbtd,' a bewildered look with white' hair turtitd'aad'tornad over each shop. I knew would come to think was sure of it he said. was anxious voice; and then again and again be handled theatres; again looked at every flaw and again and again -"manifest, Limutkin at Us (BOS. HO then sat moodily lot»to%*^totW*ÎHh*ptl*ttïwmûtàttïlmtlt>§uVl Tire out, My God I that I should lose a child-and asks a child for a pair of shoes 1' I says seen many a tragedy acted," Skid We bodice, << have many a time heard Garrick's soliloquy on death-it never touched me half so much as that poor player's grief on two old shoes." ANd Fanny?" said I, impatiently. " She Was better-so much better in the morning," answered the bodice, that she resolved to go to the theatre. The streets were quite dry, she skid, and she could get too hurt, fear father had gone out to borrow money for new shoe leather, and her mother as I think upon the same fruitless errand. Fanny sat by the fire, with one of her little sisters in her lap and her shoes-the fatal pair-were still upon the hearth. A sharp, short trap struck the door, which, are one of the children could reach, was opened, and Miss Gauntwolf entered." .' And who is Miss Gauntwolf?" I asked. *. I forgot : you have not yet seen her. She is a girl in the theatre, in the same rank and receiving about the same salary as Fanny." "1 perceive," said 1 ; " Fanny's friend." " Certainly not," said the bodice : save on the business of the house, they never speak. Poor sold thing 1 but you shall hear all in time. Miss Gauntwolf entered the room in B very cloud of musk. She was-as, indeed, she always managed- ficently dressed, in a sack of rich sky-coloured satin, with cloak and bonnet, and the prettiest shoes to match. Miss Gaunt- wolf,' cried Fanny, colouring, and setting down her sister. " My dear creature, cried the young lady, ' I saw you were very ill last night and you know, I couldn't rest this morning till I came to see you. My dear soul 1 you don't take care of yourself. You don't wrap yourself up enough this dreadful weather. Now look at me, I always muffle always thought I never stir out but in the carriage ' "-. "Carriage! Did you not say the young lady had only seventeen shillings a week?" I asked. a' Seventeen shillings," answered the bodice gravely, and then proceeded with the talk of Miss Gauntwolf. <? . Now, my dear, I hope you are better much better,' and the visitor poured her pretty lips, and threw a look of concern into her mealy doll's face, as she gazed at Fanny. " Better, much better," answered Fanny, rising. " Now, don't get up don't use any ceremony with me. The truth is, I came in the hope of finding you well enough to go to the house. My dear they do work us to death at that theatre, and so I've told his lordship over and over again ; so that if you were recovered, I'd take you in my carriage. There is only my dear father in it," said Miss Gauntwolf. .' Your father in the carriage?' said Fanny coldly. That's all and he's nobody you know-so there's a sweet creatures come,' said Miss Gauntwolf. " ? I thank you,' said Fanny, a I must wait for my mother I' " a Now.' urged the young lady, ' I'm sure that's unnecessary. Do come.' " Fanny resolutely shook her head. But why not Well, you are such a strange girl 1 Such a day as this-and you so weak, so ill and there's a warm seat in the sweetest carriage in the world, and' .. « I'd rather walk, said Fanny firmly. " ' You'd rather walk !' exclaimed Miss Gauntwolf. " Much rather,' repeated Fanny. *' ' Well, you are the strangest girl's again said Miss Gaunt- wolf, piqued by Fanny's resolution. And then, at a loss for further arguments, Miss Gauntwolf sat in silence at the fire- side, and listlessly, with her pretty blue satin slipper, pushed at Fanny's leathern shoe. " Ha, my friend 1" I cried to the bodice, " what a picture of ulcerous misery and noble truth is there I Oh that silly satin slipper, that would at all cost ride, and that heroic, worn-out leathern shoe, that in all weathers, would rather walk I" (To be continued.) 