LATEST ENGLISH NE^S. Sir John Franklin has been Gazetted to thejcommand of the North Polar expedition. The Erebus and Terror have been fitted 'with screw propellers forthat service, and 'Commander Owen Stanley appointed se-; cond in command. Her Majesty returned to Brighton on the -21st February, and held a Levee on the 5tb March at St James'. Another was to be held on Wednesday the 12tb. We have heard from a source generally well-informed, that it is the intention of ^Government to make a retired list for the Navy in all its grades--after each 'officer ^has reached his 69th year. ^ Her Majesty in Council has appointed Sir M. Montefiore (a Jew) to the ofhce of' ïligh Sheriff of KVnt. Mr. Sidney Herbert was re-elected M. P. for South Wilts, on â9th 1'ebruarv, with ' out opposition. "* ' j The Hon Henry Fitzroy has been re elected for jLewjes without opposition. Several additions to the naval áccommó 'dations of Portsmouth are in progress tow -aidsjéompletion. A new steam basin, four <newslips, and a mástarid paint house, all; of the largest size. Devonport dock-yard is to fortified. Tho works will consist of heavy batteries for red 'hot shot, and «ost upwards of £lS,0Qd. " A new test has Leen proposed for the university of Oxford, by which the candidate binds himself to read the 39 Articles in the sense in which he believes they were origi nally put forth,and are at the time explained to him. Earl'Grey who had been, for some lime ina most precarious state of health, is now fast recovering. Jiy a new regulation, the boys are to enter at Eton, if older than 14. This is a year younger thau the former period of ad mission. ' The amoutit of gold coin and bullion io the issue department of the Bank of Eng land, on the 10th Jan uaw, amounted to £12493,444 -, of silver bullion/ £ I 593,51 L In the Banking department, or gold and silver coin, £714,566. Or. the21 st of February , notice was giveri by the Post Office authorities,that an addi tional postage of 4d. per hal flounce over the present charge on letters, and 2d. on 'every newspaper, will commence on the first of March. This charge will apply to all letters and newspapers to and from Au stralia, Bourbon, Cape of Good Hope,China, Hongkong, Java. Madagascar, Mauritius, New Zealand, Sumatra, and Van Diemens Land. We have, however, reason to be lieve {says the Hobart Town Advertiser,) that this increase of postage only applies to letters and papers by the overland mail. In Ireland 'things" were tolerably quiet ; but Repeal, it was said, had not given up the ghost. OConnell has declared thal the new Secretary, Sir T. Freemantle, « is a very nice man for a smnll tea-party.' Despite the opposition of Mr. Shuni;, the new Governor of Pennsylvania the legislature of that place had, (to its credit hi it recorded,) voted the payment of « the debt." so severely, so sarcastically, and so eloquently commented upon by the Ute Rev. Sydney Smith. To the number ol the illustrious dead his name is now added -"living only, it would seem, until he saw fie Pennsylvanian *' repudiators"' roused to a sense of honesty. Despatches were announced in the Times of March 1st. as having been sent olf for th ' Go%*ernor of New South Wafes. The Queen contemplated paying a visit t J Ireland in July. 