CHAPTER VII. The night passed, and Isaac remained a prisoner "at home." He had been invited in a manner which admitted of no refusal, to retire to the bed sent by Sheepskin for the landlord— Flittermouse, as Isaac thought, sarcasti- cally observing that the pallet would do just as well for Pattison as Peppercorn. All night did Isaac lie sleepless, planning means of escape. He was but too well convinced by the tone and looks of young Hyacinth that he was discovered ; and in the meanness of his own nature, had no thought, no hope of mercy. As he lay, Providence Hall glittered like a temple of crystal before him ; Biddy, the house-keeper, arose in smiling self complacency ; Cupid, the terrier, seemed to wag his tail in mockery of greeting ; yea, the defunct white horse once more bit the bare brown common ; and all the old familiar things tortured him with recollections of the happy past. — " They 'll murder me and lay my death upon the ghosts," said Peppercorn to himself a hundred times. And then he thought of the manifold rogueries of Sheepskin, of the rent paid by the Dutch money-lender ; "for that could be no invention," concluded the miser, in his ava- rice — of the bartered mantel-pieces, the locks, and the lead. " I knew it — I know it — I shall die in the work- house — I said I should — a pauper, yes, a pauper," he cried aloud. " Well, if you must, can't you die without making a noise about it?" exclaimed the voice of Muzzleby to the disconsolate miser, who crawled from the inner room into the apartment where the bear-leader sat enjoying his tobacco. " Well, I 'm sure you're mighty particular, Mr. Pattison," and the smoker, staring at Peppercorn, blew clouds of smoke into his face " Where are you going !' asked Muzzleby, in a voice of thunder, seeing Isaac shuffling near tho door. " I — it's a raw morning, and I — I've a coldness at the stomach, and I've forgot my ginger," said Peppercorn : " I — it 's my only remedy — I shall die without it." " Sorry, but you must then," calmly observed the smoker ; " nobody goes out to- day : don 't you know we expect our landlord ? Well you are cold." Isaac shook as with the ague. " I tell you what do, as you can't stir for ginger, suppose you go and warm yourself helping little Nick and Dogstar in the cellar." "Helping ! — in the cellar ! What are they doing ?" cried Peppercorn. " Digging a hole." Isaac stared. " Don't I tell you our landlord's coming? — well, that's the hole where they 're going to bury him." " Bury him ! Horrible !" shrieked Peppercorn. " A shame and a sin to bury him, I say, when it costs so much to keep my bear ;" and Muzzleby, shutting, his eyes leaned his head back, and, with half-closed lips, gently puffed out the smoke. " And the wretches will really kill——" "No abuse, Mr. Pattison ; we shall do what becomes men with a troublesome landlord." " And where — where's the young man ?" asked Isaac, for the moment placing his hopes on Hyacinth. "He's in the street to watch when Peppercorn comes ; swell, then, as soon as he opens the door, and gets into the passage," and Muzzleby laid his hand upon the arm of the old man, sending a cold thrill through his bones, " there's a couple of stout lads, who ——" At this mo- ment Peppercorn thought he heard a sudden scuffling down stairs, and with a howl, and scarce knowing whi- ther he went, he rushed back into his room, and rolled himself up in the blankets. He remained trembling and listening for a full hour, when the dancing-master opened the door, and cried in his softest and most amiable tones, " Pattison, my old boy, it 'a all over." " Dead !" groaned Peppercorn. " And buried," answered Muzzleby, in the same note. " Somebody in mistake for me," thought Peppercorn : " perhaps, Sheepskin ;" and he smiled and clasped his hands under the blankets. " What a blessing is upon me !" For the whole day Peppercorn remained swathed in his blankets, not daring to venture forth. At all times ab- stemious as a hermit, he less than ever felt the want of food, so was he worn by the horror of the past and the dread of the present. The evening approached, and the landlord resigned himself, to his fate for another night, hoping, and almost praying, for release on the morrow. It was near midnight when Peppercorn awoke from a feverish sleep — from dreams of terror : it was some mo- ments ere he could shake off the influence of the vision, so strongly did it possess him. At length he became assured of his waking being, and of the real dangers that thronged about him. He began to try his memory for some prayer learned in his boyhood, and for a brief mo- ment his heaps of gold seemed to the miser no more than ashes, when a speck of light, as from a star, beamed in the darkness. He held his breath, and grasped the blankets, the veins of bis bony hands swelling like earth- worms. The light increased— and his eyes grew big with horror, and his heart seemed to stop its beating, and his voice died in his throat, as he gazed upon a mortal face— the face of his wronged sister ! The spectre, with its fixed eyes, approached the bed — the lips of the old man moved, but his tongue was jellied in his mouth ; —as the shade came nearer, the miser drew his frozen legs upwards, and clutching the blanket, he tore it in his hand as he rose — such strength did terror give his years —as it had been woven of the finest thread. Still the spectre came nearer, when the terrified wretch, his back fairly creeping up the wall, stood upon his feet to con- front it. He stood in the bed, his face white and wet as reeking chalk ; and his mouth open an with the death-gasp, In a moment, all was dark ; and the miser, with a thrilling shriek, fell huddled in a heap upon the bed ! 