CRICKETING. RETURN MATCH BETWEEN THE MAITLAND AND AUSTRALIAN CLUBS. Last Monday being the day fixed for the return match between the Maitland and Austra- lian Clubs, a considerable number of persons, among whom were many old cricketers, assem- bled early on the ground to witness the game. The Australians had come up from Sydney the previous day, accompanied by several of their friends and backers, and appeared to entertain no doubt of this match teraiinating as favorably for them as the last. The Maitland Club had been a week or two before very dubious of their chance, but the last few days of the previous week had somewhat inspired them, having been fine and dry, and highly favorable for practising, and a new player having joined them who promised very well for the match. The ground was in first-rate order, and the weather fine and bracing. The Maitland Club went in first, and had but a short innings, making only 34 notches, in- cluding 4 byes. This result was scarcely to be attributed to their batting, which appeared to us to be pretty good, but partly to the very effective bowling of Still and Rowley, and still more to the excellent fielding of the Australians. We do not remember seing anything to equal their fielding in the early part of the innings. There was no confusion or waste of running, but the instant the ball had left the bat there was some one ready to lay hold of it, and it was thrown in instantaneously ; very few long hits were achieved by the Maitland Club. Ritchie, as backstop, was particularly efficient, scarcely a ball passing him throughout the innings; of the others, when all were good, perhaps Still and Hatfield might be singled out for superior quickness and certainty. Among the Maitland men, Cheeseman appeared to us to be the most quick and certain batsman. The Australians then went in, and made a very successful score of 103, including 12 byes. Though the batting of several was excellent, this result was in a great part owing to the inferior fielding of the Maitland men in the early part of the innings, arising from their want of practice together. They appeared to us to be not only slower and less certain than their competitors, but to be very confused and irregular, leaving openings for numerous runs of four and five, and even a six, on the part of the Australians. These long runs were partly aided, too, by the ground, the Australians having, in changing from the ground usually played on by the Maitland Club, chosen a place near the verge of a declivity, down which the left handed hits of Hatfield and Clarkson sent the ball at a fearful rate. It was the latter who made six runs off one ball down the hill. Towards the latter part of the innings the Maitland men fielded much better; but Hatfield, Ritchie, Still, and Clarkson each made very good numbers, of these Still struck us as dividing the palm with Hatfield for skilful and hard hitting, Ritchie making most of his rous by a skilful turn given to the ball as it passed him, rather than by hitting at it. Honeysett's peculiar bowling was very effective with most of the Australians; but Hatfield, Still, and Clarkson got several good runs from his balls. The Maitland eleven now went in for their second innings, having the long odds of 69 to make up before equalling the first innings of the Australians. As it was getting late only six of their players went in that evening, the game being adjourned to Tuesday morning, when it was resumed by the Maitland Club playing out their second innings, in which they made 56 notches, including 11 byes, and 1 wide ball ; being thus beaten by the Australians in one innings, with 13 runs to spare. In their second innings the Maitland players batted very well, Cheeseman in particular, maintaining his ground to good purpose, scoring 25. The following was the score of the three innings : MAITLAND CLUB. First Innings. Wright, c. by Clarkson.4 Holdstock, c. by Hatfield. 1 Willoughby, run out.6 Poil, b. by Rowley. 4 Chittenden, c. by Thompson.3 i Cheeseman, b. by Still. 7 Honeysett, b. by Rowley. 1 Martyr, b. by Rowley.2 Turner, b. by Still.0 Dee, b. by Rowley. 2 Ruddell, not out.0 Byes.4 34 Second Innings. Cheeseman, b. by Rowley.25 Willoughby, run out. 0 Wright, b. by Still. 2 Honeysett, c. by Cunningham. 3 Martyr, b. by Still. 0 Chittenden, b. by Still. 2 Holdstock, b. by Rowley. 0 Poil, b. by Still. 0 Dee, not out. 7 Turner, b. by Still. 3 Ruddell, b. by Rowley. 2 Byes ...'. 11 Wide ball. 1 56 34 Total both innings.90 AUSTRALIAN CLUB. First Innings. Hatfield, b. by Honeysett.. 5 Thompson, struck bales off.. 0 Sadler, leg before wicket. 8 Byrnes, c. by Dee. 0 Ritchie, b. by Holdstock. 25 Still, b. by Honeysett. 25 Rowley, b. by Honeysett. 1 Bennett, b. by Holdstock. 1 Clarkson, b. by Holdstock. 16 Howell, c. by Willoughby. 0 Cunningham, not out. 0 Byes. 12 103 MATCH AT SINGLE WICKET. Some of the Maitland players, not feeling satisfied to acknowledge the superiority of the Australians, proposed a match at single wicket, of four from each club, for £5 a-side, which, j after a good deal of discussion, was finally accepted and settled. The four Maitland players were Cheeseman, Chittenden, Honey- sett, and Wright; and the four Australians were Hatfield, Thompson, Rowley, and Byrnes. The four Australians went in first, Hatfield first taking the bat, and scoring l8, when he was cleverly caught out by Chittenden. The other three, whose play we did not see, made 6 between them, thus making a total for the innings of 24. This was even better worth' seeing than the match of eleven, the players on both sides being all good. The Maitlanders fielded very well, but Hatfield's powerful hitting and quick running enabled him to get a three and several twos. Honeysett bowled admirably. The Maitland men then went in, Cheeseman leading oft", and making 11, followed by Chittenden with 14, Honeysett with 3, and Wright with 6. The last was the most extra- ordinary performance throughout the whole cricketing. In the first innings in this match Hatfield had struck a ball to a great height and distance, and Wright ran to catch it. Just before the ball dropped on him his foot slipped on a small stump, and the instep was badly sprained ; the pain caused him to make an involuntary movement, and missing the catch, the ball struck him on the upper lip, cutting it open to the bone, and knocking him down. He was obliged to be then removed, and his foot was rubbed and his lip dressed. After walking up and down for some time he had so far recovered as to be able to limp along by himself. When his turn came to go in he was perfectly willing, but asked if another man might run for him. This the Australians would not grant, as the Maitland men had kept them very close to a hasty bargain previously. Wright therefore ran and hopped the distance for his six notches, amidst the cheers of the lookers on. He batted very well, and we could not help fancying that Hatfield, the smartest fielder on the ground, ran slowly after his balls, as if unwilling to pit his speed against that of a lame man. Cheeseman and Chittenden batted also excellently, having to contend against admirable fielders. The Australians now went in for their second innings, having 11 to make before equalling their opponents' first innings. In this innings they had the ill luck to see their best bat bowled out without getting a notch. The other three made 16, including a wide ball. We did not see much of the play of this innings, which was finished on Wednesday morning. The Maitland men then took their second innings, and had but 6 to make to win the match. We did not see the innings, but we presume the Australians must have fielded and bowled well, for the two first of the Maitland players only made 4, so that the third man was requisite before they won the match. AUSTRALIAN CLUB. First Innings. Hatfield, c. by Chittenden.l8 Thompson, fell on wicket. 4 Rowley, b. by Honeysett. 2 Byrnes, b. by Honeysett. 0 24 Second Innings. Byrnes, c. by Honeysett. 7 Hatfield, b. by Honeysett. 0 Thompson, b. by Honeysett. 2 Rowley, b. by Honeysett. 6 Wide ball. 1 16 24 40 MAITLAND CLUB. First Innings. Cheeseman, b. by Rowley.11 Chittenden, b. by Rowley. 14 Honeysett, b. by Rowley. 3 Wright, b. by Rowley. 6 Wide ball. 1 35 Secomd Innings. Cheeseman, b. by Rowley. 4 Chittenden, c. by Hatfield. 0 Honeysett, not out. 2 6 35 41 SECOND MATCH AT SINGLE WICKET. On the conclusion of the above match several challenges were, we believe, given by the Australians, but none accepted on the part of the Maitlanders till Wednesday evening, when a match for £5 a-side, at single wicket, was made between Still and Ritchie, of the Australian Club, and Honeysett and Cheeseman, of the Maitland Club. The match accordingly com- menced the next morning, the Australians going in first, when Still scored 1, and Ritchie 2, with 1 wide ball. The Maitland men then went in, but were both bowled out by Still without making a notch. The Australians then went in again, and Ritchie scored 3, and Still 10 ; making their total 17. The Maitland men then went in for their second innings, Honeysett scoring 1, and Cheeseman 2 ; thus losing the match by 14 runs. Still and Cheeseman both batted well, but Ritchie seemed not to bat so well as in the return match. Still's bowling was first-rate, and the best we noticed through- out the cricketing ; Honeysett's bowling was not so good as usual. Cheeseman fielded well, but Ritchie was much more effective, being remarkably quick and certain. THIRD MATCH AT SINGLE WICKET. On Thursday afternoon a match came off at single wicket, between Thomas Helms, of Morpeth, and William Sparks, of Sydney. They had each but one innings, and Helms scored 5, against Sparks's one ; Helms thus winning by 4 runs. FOURTH MATCH AT SINGLE WICKET. On Friday morning another single wicket match, for £2 a-side, was played between Honey- sett and Helms : Helms to have three innings, and Honeysett two. Helms went in first, and played two of his innings without getting a notch. Honeysett then went in, and made l8. Helms then went in for his third innings, and made 3. Honeysett thus won in one innings by 15. On Friday afternoon a friendly game was played by some of the members of both clubs and other persons, which concluded the sports of the most complete sporting week seen in Maitland for a long time. Colonial Brown Stout and Ale.-It always affords us sincere pleasure to be able to report improvements in colonial productions. During the past week we have tasted some brown stout, brewed by Mr. Underwood, of the Hunter Brewery, which is really first-rate: it is certainly some of the best colonial malt liquor we have tasted, and is little inferior in body and flavour to good samples of London porter. The two or three last batches of ale turned out from the same brewery are nearly equal to the stout; and if the spirited proprietor continues to brew such excellent liquor he will prove a dangerous competitor to his colonial rivals, and will aid very materially in securing the home market to oar own brewers. Wool-Bales ... 5 Tallow-Casks . 105 Punch. 29 591 Coals-Tons.... 180 Skins-Bales ... l8 Shells-Bushels. 400 Exports from the District during the Week.-The following is a summary, compiled from the Shipping Gazette, of the principal produce received in Sydney from the Hunter River district, from the7th to the 13th June: - Wheat-Bushels 1,100 Bags .. 12 Maize-Bushels 1,500 Barley-Bags .. 50 Grain (not named) Bushels.. 236 Bran-Ton. 1 Hay-Trusses .. 130 Hunter River Agricultural Society. The meeting of the sub-committee appointed to revise the laws and regulations of the Agricul- tural Society did not take place on Tuesday last, as announced in our last. It was post- poned to Tuesday next, at two o'clock, at the Northumberland Hotel. Regatta at Hexham.-Some of the residents at Hexham are exerting themselves to get up a regatta on the Hunter, to come off on Monday, the 21st July next. There are to be three races for sailing boats, one each for first, second, and third class boats, and two rowing matches. Subscription lists have been left at some of the inns in Maitland and Newcastle ; and we hope that those who aré desirous of encouraging the taste for aquatic sports will not be backward in rendering their assisstance to the gentlemen who are exerting themselves to get up the Hexham regatta. The locality is certainly the finest on the river for boat racing. The Theatre.-The two new pieces mentioned in our last as being in preparation are announced for performance on Wednesday evening next. We hope "The First Night, or My own Ghost," will not give up the ghost the first night ; nor, if we may judge from the buoyant hopes of the performers respecting its fate, have we any reason to think it will. "The Floating Beacon, or the Norwegian Wreckers," is from the pen of Mr. E. Fitzball, whose name alone will com- mand success. These new pieces are to be followed by "The Man about Town." Legislative Council.-His Excellency the Governor has again prorogued the Legislative Council; and we have reason to suppose that this time there will be no further prorogaration, as they are to meet "for the dispatch of business," on the 29th July next. Publicans' Licenses.-An adjourned licens- ing meeting was held in the court house, East Maitland, on Tuesday last, when the following licenses were granted:- James Holdstock, for his present house in West Maitland, as the Cricketers' Arms; James Ferguson, of the Lochinvar Inn, Lochinvar; George Hoddle, of the Red Cow, West Maitland, license con- firmed ; John Mayo, for his new house, opposite the present, East Maitland ; Henry Adams, for a new house, to be called the Black Horse, East Maitland ; the present Black Horse being licensed, as the Prince Albert, to William Eckford ; William Tinson, of the Buck's Head, West Maitland, a full license (for spirits as well as wine and beer as at present) ; John Taylor, of the Angel Inn, West Maitland, license con- firmed; Samuel Clift, for his new house, opposite the Court House, East Maitland ; and James Smith, of the Golden Fleece, East Maitland, license confirmed. Impudent Robbery.-John Marks was brought before the bench on Tuesday last, charged with stealing 43 yards of colonial cloth from the house of Mr. Cummins, of the Sports- man's Arms, West Maitland, in whose keeping the cloth (belonging to George Chivers), together with several other pieces, had been left; and John Smith was charged with receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen. Mr. Cummins missed the piece in question on Monday evening, and remembered seeing the prisoner Marks in his house before and after that, but did not suspect him. He had been seen, how- ever, carrying the cloth on his back from Mr. Cummins's, by a man named Henry Collins, who informed constable Kerr of the same ; and the latter, having learned from constable Grant that a piece of cloth had been stolen from Mr. Cummins's, went directly to the prisoner Smith's (knowing him to be a " pal" of Marks's), where he found the cloth. He put Smith in the watch-house, and then went to Reeves's, where he saw Marks come out of the back door, and took him into custody also. In the course of the investigation, Mr. Cummins expressed to the bench his gratitude for the promptness and sagacity shown by the police in the recovery of the property and capture of the prisoners, scarcely two hours having elapsed from the time the robbery was committed until their apprehension. The prisoners were both committed for trial, Marks for stealing, and Smith for receiving the cloth. Sudden Death of Mr. Pilcher.-It is with great regret that we record the death of Mr. H. I. Pilcher, solicitor, who has been for the last fifteen years a resident of Maitland. The suddenness of the event has increased the grief of his large family and nu jierous friends. On Saturday Mr. Pilcher was in his usual health, and attending to his professional duties in his office, where, about half-past two o'clock, he was surprised by apoplexy. He was im- mediately removed in a carriage to his residence. Drs. Sloane and Beardmore were called in to his assistance; but neither of those gentle- men entertained the least hope of his recovery from the first. The unfortunate gentleman expired a little before eleven o'clock the same evening, not having spoken from the time of the attack. His death, or even serious illness, was wholly unexpected by his medical attend- ant, who had known him for years. The deceased was in his forty-fifth year. His remains were followed to the grave, on Tuesday last, by about fifty of his friends. It is painful to think of the sad bereavement which Mr. Pilcher's family and personal friends, have sus- tained by this sudden and melancholy event. The public of the town and district have also sustained a very serious loss. There were few amongst us so ready to devote their time and services to the promotion of public objects, and fewer still who could bring to the task so much ability and intelligence. He was always willing to assist in any useful undertaking, and never hesitated in rendering his services in the way in which they were the most likely -to be serviceable. During the time of Mr. Pilcher's residence in the town there have been few public movements, either for local or general purposes, in which he has not bora a very active and a very useful part. Sudden Death.-On Saturday evening last, a stonemason, named Thomas Edey, died very suddenly. He had been at work at the new Catholic church in West Maitland, and was taking' some tools into his house, together with another of the workmen, when he staggered to a stool, by the fire-side, from which he presently dropped, and before medical assistance could be obtained, indeed, almost instantly, the unfortunate man expired. An inquiry was instituted by the police magistrate the following day, before whom Dr. Liddell, who had examined the body externally, stated his opinion to be that the man had been suffering some time from disease of the lungs, which had reduced him to a state of great prostration of bodily strength, the immediate cause of death being probably the bursting of an abcess in the lungs. Under these circumstances, it was not deemed advisable to order a post mortem examination to ascertain the inward condition of the body. Manslaughter.-On Monday last, a man named Jonas and Mary Jonas, his wife, were brought before the bench to undergo an examina- tion touching the death of Walter McIndoe, when the following circumstances were adduced in evidence. On Saturday, the 7th instant, the deceased and the prisoners were at Morpeth enjoying a friendly glass, and did not until a late hour think of returning to Dunmore, where they all lived, and whither they were accom- panied by a fourth person-a man with whom they were acquainted. Before parting for the night they went altogether to the prisoners' hut, on very good terms, to have a drink of milk. At this crisis some "chaff" was unfor- tunately started, during which the female pri- soner slapped a wet towel in the deceased's face, who rose to stop her, and she seized a knife to defend herself. Her husband then took up the quarrel, and in an instant he and the deceased were struggling on the floor together, and they thus rolled out of the hut. The other man, fearing mischief from the violent conduct of the woman, seized her and held her fast, while she cried out, "Will you let him murder my husband? Don't you sec I've laid down the knife? Let me go." He then let her go accordingly, when she rushed out to ¿he two men, who were still struggling together on the ground ; and he saw her twice aim a blow at the uppermost. At the second stroke, the deceased cried, " Save me." He then went out and separated them, when the prisoners returned to their hut, and the deceased rose, turned round twice as if looking for some- thing, and ran to his hut also. This witness then returned to the prisoners' hut, when Mrs. Jonas said, "I'm afraid I've hurt McIndoe: will you go and see ?" He refused on account of the lateness of the hour (twelve o'clock); and observing a large pair of scissors on the table, covered with blood, he asked her if that was what she did it with, and she answered "Yes." The deceased, on reaching home, declared himself to be wounded, and Dr. Brown was called to his assistance. The next day, a constable told him he must apprehend the people concerned, to which he replied, " If you do, take the woman, and not the man." He died on the following Sunday (the 15th); and, at the request of the police magistrate, Dr. Liddell examined the body, when he found three stabs which penetrated the chest, on the right side of the spine; and deposed, at the examination on Monday, that in his opinion those were the cause of death, and might have been inflicted by such an instrument as the scissors produced : one of the thrusts must have been very violent, as it penetrated right through the substance of the rib. He thought the woman must have been in a state of maniacal excite- ment. It may be added, that the unhappy woman never tried to conceal the event, but, on going to the watch-house, voluntarily gave up the scissors, and expressed great contrition for what had happened, wishing herself in the deceased's place, for he was a good neighbour, and she had no cause to hurt him. She was committed for trial on the charge of man- slaughter, and the male prisoner was discharged« Death from Aplopexy.-On Thursday last an inquest was held before J. S< Parker, Esq., coroner, at Anlaby's Inn, Mor- peth, on the body of William Sales who, according to evidence adduced, came by his death under the following circumstances : On Monday last, the deceased, in company with a man named Thomas Buyham, a ticket of leave holder, in the employ of Mr. Eckford1, of East Maitland, was proceeding from West Maitland to Morpeth, the former being in a dray which the latter was driving. They were both the worse of liquor, the deceased very much so. On the way Buyham was cautioned more than once not to drive so furiously, and it was pointed out to bim that the drunken man in the dray might be injured by the jolting, he having by that time become quite helpless. Buyham not heeding these warnings, con- tinued on in the same reckless manner; and before be reached Morpeth the tail-board of the dray was shaken off, and his companion fell out. He was carried into Anlaby's Inn, where, it being supposed that he was merely drunk, he was laid on a sofa for the night. He never spoke, however, afterwards, but lingered till Wednesday, when he expired. The jury, in the first instance, gave a verdict that the man had died from apoplexy ; but the coroner expressing his dissatisfaction with such a verdict, it was reconsidered, and the final verdict was that the deceased had died from apoplexy, brought on by drunkenness, and accelerated by the careless driving of Thomas Buyham, whom the coroner then informed he would forward a recommendation that he should be deprived of his ticket of leave. Dr. Wilton was the medical witness. Hexham-Fatal Accident. - On Sunday evening last, as an old man, named Henry Munds, a servant of Mr. Sparke, was driving a horse to the paddock, the animal kicked him in the stomach. He fell instantly, but was soon raised by several individuals who saw him receive the kick, and conveyed into the house. He was bled, and medicine given to him, and a messenger sent into Maitland for a medical man, who was unfortunately not at home. As Munds appeared to be doing well the doctor was not again sent for until the next day, when the man suddenly got worse, and appeared to be sinking rapidly. Before the doctor could reach Hexham the poor man was dead. He was aged about 61 years, and had been thirteen years in the service of Mr. Sparke and his late father. He has left no family. Johanna Ahern. - From circumstances elicited at the inquest on the body of Mary Ann Clarke suspicions were entertained that he had also murdered his own sister, she being missing. Since then, however, her sister, Mrs. Collins, of this town, has received a letter from her, by which it is known that she is alive and well, at no great distance from Maitland. In the letter she inquires after "Jack" (Ahern) and the girl, saying she had not heard of them for a long time. 