THE "AUSTRALIANA," AND "VERITAS." TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN. SIR--It appears from your paper of the 11th instant, that a writer subscribing himself " Veritas," has fallen foul of the Australiana under its new management. Passing by his would-be Latin motto, the following is the first pas. sage in your correspondent's letter which calls for notice : " On mature consideration of the general tone and com plexion of the new editor's enunciation of principles and "pacific relations,' I am decidedly of opinion that the 'church in danger' has no reason to congratulate herself upon her near and " voluntary" ally ; and, certainly, the poor Catholics have as little reason to fear any missiles thrown by their unskilful and purblind assailant. He appears to belong to the 'raw head and bloody bones' school of religionists, but he may te assured that tbs days of misrepresentation and cant, equally with the days of the torture and the faggot, are passed away. The occupa tion of the bigots of every sect is gone. He may be as sured he is not the Daniel come to judgment." Omitting the mere declamatory matter in the above para graph, there are but two expressions in it, namely, "pacific relations," and " church in danger," to which we shall in vite attention. Popery and Protestantism are as opposite as the poles. Protestantism we believe to be Christianity, but Christianity is aggressive, and, therefore, when we assail Romanism as antagonist to it, we are barely consistent ; we do no mora than what Romanists do with respect to Protestantism, but in a crafty, creeping, insinuating manner. As to the inuendo that we are an ally of " the church in danger," it surely would have been more fitting in "Veritas" to have shown that the church was in danger, ere he ha zarded such a gratuitous conjecture ; but if by such lan guage '* Veritas" means that we are a tool in the hands ot some one denomination of Protestants, we take the liberty of acquainting him that we aspire to be the ally not of one particular chuich, but of "all the Churches" in the colony, of all that love the Lord Jesus in sincerity, of all who rob Him not of the glory of HIS mediatorial and interest' sorial office, of all tvho do not give his glory te another, nor His praise to graven images. The next passage to which we address ourselves is as follows : " I cannot but regard it as a rather singular method he takes of illustrating bis motto by recommending disunion on the ground of religious belief, and throwing a firebrand into already formed domestic circles." For those who may not have read the Australiana of the 6th instant, the above may require some explanation. " Veritas" al'udes to our motto, " by union small commu nities increase, by disunion the greatest dwindle auay." The communities we spoke of were the Christian Churches of the colony; when we nrged upon then) the necessity for union, it was net a union of Protestantism with Popery, j of light with darkness, we contended for, buta union of those who hold " one faith, one Lord, one baptism," against the common foe. To the charge of throwing a firebrand into already formed domestic circles, we bave only to reply, that the firebrand existed in those circles from the moment of their formation, and that, however it might be smothered for a time, sooner or later it would have burst into a flame. < We snbmit, too, that '" Veritas" would have put a more charitable, as veil as a more just construction on our con duct, jad he said that we wished to prevent similar fire brands being introduced into any more domestic circles. Veritas goes on to say " A few scraps of the new editor's sentences will give u« a tolerable taste of his quality, and the sort of garbage dished up for au- enlightened public, j " Scrap 1st.-'To cause the chidren to be equally in different to all religion, but to profess Popery as being the most congenial to corrupt humanity.' " Surely Homer was nodding when he permitted these words to flow from his pen. So, then, it appeals we Pro testants have been in error in believing that the Catholic religion enjoined numerous penances, fastings, self-den ia is, voluntary labour,and poverty, nay-even scourgings. Hav ing no practical experience of rr au y of these duties, I anm not prepared to say whether they are congenial to corrupt humanity or not, but of one thing Í am pretty certain, from daily experience, that the self-complacent-do-nothing easy-self- indulgent practice of many Protestant-:, must he very congenial to lazy humanity, very agreeable to that humanity which would unite the enjoyments of the flesh in this world with the felicities of tho.spirit in the next '* With respect to the assertion that a natural effect of these marriages was, " to cause the children, the issue of them, to be equally indifferent to all religion. but to profess Popery," &c.;, we hive «sse: td nothing but what ii as fallen limier our own olisei valion, and what ~~of every PioUMaot mini-.t-r io Ireland. " Veritas/' quarrels with our assertion that Popery is congenial to corrupt humanity. and alleges by way of refu tation, her penances, her failings, her self-denials, hei vo'us tary labor, her poverty, nay, even her scourgings. Strange that " Veritas's" intended refutation should prove what tl was designed to refute; these are the very practices which cariup* humanity in all ages, in all false religions, Popery among the' rest, has substituted for that pure religion which consists '-not in meat or drink," or ritual observances, or " bodily exercise" of any kind, but in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. The gloomy superstition of Romanism is far more congenial to corrupt humanity, than the " worshipping the Father in spirit and in truth." " Veritas" next remarks " I was in Catholic Ireland during the ravages of cholera, and, in hundreds of instances, the priests were thu only per sons who lent a willing hand to soothe the dying, and to bury the dead. Eulogy upon eulogy is heaped upon the Protes, tant Howard for ' diving into the depths o' dungeons.' hut . similar acts performed every day by Catholics are centenial to corrupt humanity. So much for obliquity of moral judgment." What the foregoing bas to do with the question before os. let the reader determine. The Romish priess have unques tionably religious zeal ; it is to be regretted that it is net ac cording to knowledge. In their much vaunted conduct ia Ireland during the period of cholera, we see nothing so as toundingly magnanimous. We presume we do not see it through the same medium as *' Veritas ;" perhaps we ate looking through the telescope at the wrong end. " Veritas" next proceeds "Scrap 2ud.-' Romanism, the organized enemy of civil and religious liberty all over the globe.' "After this hardy assertion, will it be believed by English men that we-derive 'Trial by Jury' and Magna Charta from these enemies to liberty ?-that the early English battles, to which England looks with pride, were won by Catholics alone-and that among the heroes of Waterloo were thou sands of these enemies lo liberty," We reply-the Anglo-Saxon race always had a strong spirit of liberty, which not even their despotic religion could utterly crush ; and if some germs of free institutions were to be found amongst them, even in their most priest-ridden state, this is attributable, not to their national religion, but to their na tional character, which had been formed by free institutions transplanted from Germany, and which they used prior to what is termed their conversion to Christianity. Their free institutions were rather in spite of their religion than the fruit of it, or conformable to ¡ts spirit or tendency ; as every one must admit, who reflects that thai religion denies the ri_rï»i of private judgment, md inculcates passive obedience. " Veritas's" allusiou to Magna Charta is a very unfortunate one. In the extortion of Magna Charta from John, we see as it were one robber quarreling for booty with another; while the people, the masses, the great bulk of the community, were utterly lost sight of. " Veritas,* too, seems to have forgotten dial it was fn.m the head of this very John that the Pope's legate insolently kicked the royal crown, to intimate that he held it at the pleasure of that hybrid priest and monarch, the Pope of Rome. To talk of the Catholic heroes of Waterloo being lbs friends of liberty is really too ridiculous: every one knows that plenty of men can ve had in Ireland to be shot at for a shilling a day, and lim the moment they become s ddiers, as such they cease tu be free agents; that they are little more than mere machines. The first duly of a soldier,'as the articles of war affirm, being obedience, a soldier's business is not to examine, but to execute his commander's orders. What becomes, then, of these vaunted champions of liberty ? How are we to discover whether they were well affected to (hs cause in which they fought, or not ? Does " Verit-s ' not know, or has he forgotten, that ths present Pontiff denounces liberty of conscience as " a most pestilential error;" liberty of opinion as " a pest of all others the most to be dreaded in a state ; and the liberty of the Press - hear it, ye Editors—as "a liberty never sufficiently to be execrated and detested ?" Take away from us these, and what becomes of " Magna Charta" and " trial by Jury ?"-what have we left but an iron despotism, grinding to the dust alike the bodies and the souls of men ? " Veritas'' further observes " No doubt Romanism has been used against civil aad religious liberty, but Protestantism is also chargeable with the same crime. History records the atrocities of the * Con vocation,' as well as those of the Inquisition : the machina- tions of Archbishop Laud, as well as the political sins of the Jesuits. It also records that these same Jesuits were sup pressed by another enemy to liberty, even by Pope Clement XIV." In the particular of persecution, Romanism and Pro testantism are essentially different. Where Romanists have persecuted, they have done so on principle ; where Protes tants have persecuted, they have obeyed the impulse of pas sion,not of principle: persecution is not proper to Protestantism, but it is to Romanism. The fourth council of Lateran. recognised as authoritative by the Roman Communion, has expressly decreed-" That all heretics (which, we need scarcely say, means all who have an opinion of their own) shall be delivered over to the civil magistrates to be burned." With respect to the atrocities of the Convocation, and of Laud, these are not justly chargeable on Protestantism, but on a miserable faction, which substituted an English for a Roman Popery, just like the Puseyites of the present day. " Veritas" also remarks " Scrap 3rd.-* Affecting a zeal for education, whose real object in that manouvre is to deal out as little education as possible.* *' Here is Protestent justice with a vengeance. Wno were the preservers of classical learning during the middle ages? Who were its subsequent restorers Î Who have been the most successful promoters of a liberal education ? " Hear the testimony of an adversary-' But we repeat that all is not dark in the history of the Jesuits. They were learned, industrious, enterprising;- they paved the way through doubt and death for civilizition, in almost every quirter of the globe ; they were the instructors of the savage, the benefactors of the poor, the monitors of the rich.' " 1 have asserted nothing which I am not prepared to sub stantiate. If Romanism be sincere in the cause of educa tion, how comes it tht she does not enlighten the ignorant of Spain, of Portugal, of Italy, of South America, of Canada? What sort of education is that which leaves 78,000 out of 87.000 of its grown-up scholars, in the last mentioned country, signers of a petition by their mark, enable to write their own names, and many of the remaining signers who write nothing but their names ? We are asked, who were the preservers of classical learn ing during the middle ages ; we reply, ecclesiastics, who took right good care that it should not extend beyond them selves; but we submit, it would have been more to " Veritas's" purpose, could he have shewn they were the disseminators of classical learning. We are told that " all is not dark in the history of the Jesuits." This is what may be called damning them with faint praise. Why the same may he said of the most corrupt forms of Paganism ; as Augustin remarks (we quote from memory), nulla raligio ism falsa est, quin alquid «.¡i admisciat—no religion is so false, but that it has some truth in it It certainly is no very bright feature in the history of the Jesuits, the fact that they have been expelled from every country in which they have set foot, because of their restless spirit of intrigue. We have done with " Veritas." He has contrived, ac cording to the tactics of his Catholic friends, to skate over a large surface. We believe we have replied to everything of moment: now, however, that we are parting with him, we beg to assure him that nothing could afford us greater plea sure than to perceive any amelioration in Romanism. Roman Catholics mat have become, in particular instances, in some measure christisnized by their contact with Christians, but their system is still the mystery of iniquity—it always was. I am, Sir, Yours, ¿¿c., THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALIANA " 