THE EPITAPH OF Sill HUGH EyANS. .'Tiieiir'b ninnitiR nnd nhpnsn t.o cnmo !'. . ouch aro tho hopotul words of an old divino — pi ono. Sir Hugh Evans, — a preacher distinguished in the latter part of the rpign of Henry tho Fourth, not so much for: tho ascetic asperity of his speech and bearing, as for a certain household wisdom that ran liko threads ot gold through his most familiar sentences, enhanced and recom mended by a blithe look and a chirping voice; all of which excellent gifts mado him tho oracle and friend of the yeomen and good wives of Windsor. These inesti mable qualities — to say nothing of his miraculous hand at bowls, and his marvellous sagacity as a brewer of sack — had, as wo have already inforred, endeared him to his flock : and, living, and preaching, and gossiping in a neighbourhood of Iovo and good fellowship, the parson grow old, his chock mellowing to the last ; when, in tho year ? , he fell, liko an over-ripe plum from tho tree, into his grave — all tho sighing maids and men and little children of mournful Windsor following their teacher to his couch of earth, and chanting round it the hymn best loved by him when living. In sooth, the funeral of the poor knight was most bravely attended. Six stout morrice-men carried tho corpse from a cottage, tho property of tho burloy, royatcring Host of the Garter — a pretty rustic nook, near Datchet Meads, whither the worn-out parson had, for six months before his death, retired from the stir nnd bustlo of Windsor, — and where, on a summer evening ho might bo seen seated in the porch, patiently hearing littlo John Fenton lisp his Berkshire Latin, — tho said Jplm being tho youngest grandson of old Muster Pago, and godchild of the groy-headed, big- bellied landlord .of tho Garter. Poor Sir Hugh had long boon ntuictod.with a voxing asthma ; and, though in his gayer times ho would still brew sack for younger revellers, tolling them rare tales of 'poor dear Sir John and tho Prince,' ho had, for seven years before his death, cschowod his former snorts, and was nevnr known to hear of a match of bowls that ho did not shako his head and sigh, — and then, liko a stout-hearted Christian as he was, soothe his discomfited spirit with tho snatch of an old song. Dontor Cains hnd, on his death bed, bequeathed to Sir Hugh an inestimable trensuro ; nothing less than a prescription — a very charm — fo tnke away a winter cough : for threo years had it boon to Sir Hugh as tho best gift of king Oberon ; but, tlm fourth winter, tho umulct cast its virtue, nnd from , year to-yoar the parson grow worse and worse,— when, in the sixty-eighth year of his ago, on -a bright May morning, in the arms of his gossip and friend, staid, sober Mastor Slender, with tho Host of tlm Garter scatod (for he was too fat to stand) in an arm- chair at thebodsido, and Master Pago and Mastor Ford at the foot, Sir Hugh uvnns, knight and priest, passed into death, as, into, a sweet sound sleep. His wits had wandered sbmowhat during tho night,— for ho talked of 'Home tho hunter,' and 'a boy in white;' and thon ho triod to chirrup a song, — and Masters Pago and Ford.smiled sadly in each other's face, as tho dying man, chuckling as ho carollud, trollod forth— ??? ? ??.:._?. ?— '..'':. ' :? .. 1 : ';?' ? :' :; ' Pinch him nnd burn lilm, and turn him about, Till oandles and starlight, and rooonsliliio bo out.' As tho day advanced, tho dying man became moro calm ; and at longth, conscious of his state,' ho passed away at nalf- past nlno in the morning, with a look of aoronost happiness,— and 'God bb with you 1' woro tho last words that fluttered' from his lips. ,.' '?,''.' ' . Tho personal property of .tho dead' pavson was shared nmnng l»s friends and sorvnnts. Mastor Slondor inherited his 'Hook of Songs and Posies;' tho Host of the Carter, the sword with whioh Sir Hugh had dared Doctor Caius to mortal combat; and all his wardrobe, consisting of two entire suits and four shirts, somewhat softened tho grief of; Francis', shhpl6,-^son of - Simple, .former rolainor, of.iMastoiv Slondor, and for throc..yoars ;body .servant. of dead Sir Hugh.' A Rum of two shillings and fourpenoo, miraculously discovered among the effects of tho docensod, was faithfully distributed to the parish poor. =? ..;.: '; . .»: ' Thoro was sadness in Windsor streets as thn. funornl procession moved slowly towards tho church. Old man and women tnlked of the, frolics of Sir Hugh ; and though they said he had been in his day something of tho merriest for a parson, yet more than one gossip declared it to bo her bolicf that 'worso men had boon made bishops.'' A long train of friends and old acquaintance followed tho body. First, came worthy Mastor Slender,— chit-f mourner. He was a bachelor, a little past hisprime. of life, with a sad and sober brow, and a belly inclining to portliness. The severe censors of Windsor had called him woman- hater, for that in his songs, and sometimes in his speoch, ho would bear too hardly on tho frailties and fickleness of the delicate sex ; for which unjust severity ' older people might, perchance, nnd they would . have, found some small apology. For, in truth, Master Slender was a man of softest heart ; and though he studiously avoided tho company of women, ho was the friend, of fall the children of Untchet and Windsor. Ho always carried apples in his pocket for little John Fenton, youngest child of Anno Fontnn, formerly Anno Pago; und wasoneo found sitting in Windsor Park, under tho hunter's oak, with littlo John upon his knees, — Muster Slender crying liko a chidden maid. Of this enough. Let it nowsuflico to say, that Master Slondor — for tho Host was too heavy to walk — was chief mourner. Then followed Ford and his wife ;' next Mr. Page and his son William, — poor Mrs. Pago being dead two years at Christmas; from a cold caught with over-dancing,, and then obstinately walking through the snow from hot* old gossip 'Ford's. Next, in the procession, were Mastor Fenton and his wife,— nnU then followed thoir eight childron in couples; then Robin— a prosperous vintner, once page to Sir Jollity — with Francis Simplo; and then; a, score of littlo ones, to whom tho poor dead parBOn would give touching in reading and writing, — and, where ho marked mi nptcr wit ? among ? his frco disciples, . somothing of the ; Latin nccidonco. Those woro nil tha't followed Sir. Much Evans to his -rest— for death had thinned the thick, hlo of his old acquaintance. Ono was wanting,; who,;would; have added weight' and dignity to tho ceremony. — who, had lio not some few years ?- before : boon called to ; fill- the .widest grave that was over dug tor flesh, would havo cast from his broad and! valiant' face d lustrous sorrow on the mnnes of tho duiid * churchman,- — who would havo wept tears, rich as wino, upon tho coilin of his old . friend,-- for to him, in the convenient greatness of- his heart, all :incn, from tho prince of the blood' to the nimming Itnavo who Btblo tho:'handlb of Mrs; Bridgot'sfan,' woro, by turns', friends -and good fellows,— -who, at tho supper at the Garter (for tho host gave a most solemn feast, in cele bration of tho mournful event) would havo moralised on death: and mortal accidents, and, between his tankards, talked fino philosophy — truo .divinity ; would httvo,. ca roused to tho momory of tho dead in tho most religious spirit of sack, and havo sent round wholo flagons of surest consolation. ; Alas 1 this great, this seeming invinciblo spirit, this mighty wit, with josts all but. rich enough to laugh1 Death from his purpose — to put . him- civilly aside with a quip, bidding him to pass on nnd strike lit leaner bosomB,— ho himself, though with 'three llngors on tho ribs/' had been hit; and lip. who suemod made to livo for over, an embodied principle of fleshy. enjoy mont — he, tho groat Sir John,— ? : .- , \- 'Ha was -1ond, and unllcil In lilHOhnntl' ' ? Others, too, passod away with their great dominator, were' wanting at tho ceremonial.' Whoro -was ho, with noso enshrining jests richer to us than rubies ? True, liberal, yot roost unfortunate spirit, baploss BardolphJ wlioro, whon Sir Hugh was laid upon tho lap of his mothor earth, oh ! whero wort thou ? Whero was that glorious feature that, had the burying been at tho dead time of night, would have outshone the torches ? Where was that all riuh — all lovely noso ? Alack ! it may bo in tho maws of French falcons ; its luckless owner throttled on tho plains of Agincourt for almost tho smallest theft — hung up by fellest order of tho Fifth Henry — of his old boon companion, his brother robber on tho field of Gadshill. And could Harry march from the plain with laurel on bis brow, and leave tho comrade of his youth— his fellow footpad — with neck mortally cut ' with edge of penny cord?' Should such a chanlct have been twined with such hemp ? The death of Bardolph is a blot — a foul, foul blot on tho 'scutcheon of Agincourl ! Let us however pass the ingratitude and tyranny of kings, to dwell wholly upon the burial of Sir Hugh. \- Who shall say that all tho spirits with whom tho parson was wont to recreate himself, — to counsel, to quarrel, — who shall say that they did not all mingle in tho proces sion, all once aguin pass through the streets of ancient Windsor 1 Tho broad shadow of Sir John, arm-in-arm with tlio spirit of Mrs. Page — Bardolph and Nym, descended from their gibbets, now from tho plains of Franco, to niako melancholy holiday in Berkshire, — learned Doctor Caius, babbling Quickly, and Pistol, her broken, war-worn husband, kicked down the tavern stairs, where in his old (lays ho served as drawer, and killed,— and Shallow, immortal Shallow, his lean ghost fluttering with a sonso of office, — who shall say that all these did not crowd about tho coffin of good Sir Hugh, and, as he was laid in the grave, gavo him a smilling welcome to his ovcrlasting habitation ? Let us not, in this day of light, bo charged with superstition, if in these pages — perpetual as adamant — we register our belief, a belief mingling in our very blood, that all these illustrious ghosts followed, and, with their dim majesty, ennobled the procession, ? albeit, to tho eyes of tho uninitiate, none but the living did service to tho dead. Sir Hugh Evans was laid by tho si do of his old friend and old antagonist, Doctor Cams; and, for many years, thoro was a story among the good wives of Windsor, that the fairies, once a-ycar, danced round tho gravo of Sir Hugh, tho turf upon it growing as bright as emeralds ; and, in a hawthorn bush, but a few paces from tho spot, 'melodious birds' did, at certain seasons, ' sing madrigals.' ?. ? ? . ' . ' ? ? ? Wo have now to spoak of tho Epitaph of the good Sir Hugh. Moro than four hundred years have passed away since tho mortal part of that most worthy piaco. of Welsh divinity was consigned to dust. It may bo a lesson to ambition to learn, that the exact spot whero ho was buriod cannot, at tho present tirao, bo verified : the ablest antiquarians are at odds about it. Proud, howevor, and, wo trust, not unseemly so,— are wo, to bo tho means of publishing to tho world the opitaph of Sir. Hugh, copied from his tombstone, in tho possession of a gontlo man in Berkshire, who has resisted our most earnest supplications that ho would suffer us to make known his name. This favour he has resolutely refused ; but has, in the most handsome manner, presented us with the use of tho tombstone, together with a most voluminous, and no less satisfactory, aooount of its genuineness. Happy shoutd wo havo boon, could wo have found room for the history of the relic nt full. Leaving it, howevor, for the avohivos of tho Antiquarian Sooioty, wo must content oursolvcs with stating, that tho doaumont fully provoB that tho tombstone was erected from tho privato munifi conco of Muster Slender ; and that tho pithy and most touching epitaph inscribed upon it, was selected by his happy taste, as combining all the excolloucies of an epitaph in the lowest words — those words having the further recommendation of boing uttored, on a me morable occasion, by the deceased himself; Tlie words wore repeated to Master Slender, by his servant Simple, despatched, on a certain day, bv Sir Hugh with a lotter touching tho wooing of Anne Page. After long pondering, reviewing every 'circumstance of his ancient friendship with tho dead Sir Hugh, — seated, one sunny afternoon on the bench outside the Garter, the words came jump again into tho mind of Slender ; and quickly rising and emptying his tankard, ho inarched like a wan resolved to the stone-cutter, and — for ho cared not for Latin— bado the workman cut on tho stono (the inscrip tion, considering its ngo, is in an extraordinary statw of preservation) the wordd that follow :— HUGH EVANS, KNIGHT AND PRIESTE, fflyrtt nttc fi) a t eg e 1 1 c, MAY ? ANNO DOMI 14 ? AOED 68. '' TIIE1IE 'S PUTINS AND CHEESE— TO'OOMR.' To our, mind, thero never was a moro felicitous opitaph than this of tho poor Welsh Parson. How simply, jet how beautifully, does it shadow forth the fruit fulness of the future ! How delicate, and yet how sufficing, ilk note of promiso ! — 'tjieiie 'a pippins and cheese — to come.' Were wo authorised to preach, wo fool that wo could make a most seemly, yea, a most reveront sermon, from this little text. Pippins ! Does not the word, upon a tombstone, conjure up thoughts of Hesperian gardens — of immortal trocs, laden with golden fruit : with delicious produce, the growth of a soil where not one useless weed takes root, where no baneful snnko ruBtles uniong tho grass, where no blight descends, no canker withers? Where wo may pluck from tho consenting boughs, and eat, and eat — and never, as in earthly things, find a worm at tho coro, a rottenness at the heart, whore outside beauty tempted us to taste ? ' There's pippins to come .''_ Tho evil and misery gathered with tho apple of death will be destroyed — forgotten — by tho ambrosial fruit to bo plucked for ever in immortal orchards ! 'there's pippins and cuukse — to comb!' What a picturo of plenty in its most boneficont aspect — what a proBpect ot pastoral abundance ! Think of it, yo oppressed of the earth ! Yo, who are , bowed and pinched by want — yo, who are scourged by - tho hands of persecution— yo, crushed with raisory— ye, doomod to tho bitterness of broken faith; take this consolation to your wearied souls — apply this balum to your bruised hearts — that, though all earth be to you ni barron as tho sands — ? '. '??':.????' ./?!?'.'? '^ . ' i here's pippins and cheese — -to' combJ'. ,., \ \\\, 