THE Elizabeth and Henry, with male prisoners from Ireland the 15th February, arrived on Monday. The space occupied by our notice of the petition for the abolition of transportation, compels us unwillingly to give only a precis of the newspapers to the 14th of February, of which date we have both London, provincial, and one, the Freeman's Journal, of Dublin. We shall furnish full details of our next publication. The Parliament was opened by the Queen in person on the 4th, when her Majesty delivered the following speech from the Throne:— " MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN, " I rcjoice that I am enabled, on again meeting you in Parliament, to congratulate you on the improved condition of the country. " Increased activity pervades almost every branch of manufacture. Trade and commerce have been extended at home and abroad,. and among all classes of my people there is generally prevalent a spirit of loyalty and cheerful obedience to the law. '* I continue to receive from all Foreign Powers and States assurances of their friendly disposition. " I have had much satisfaction in receiving at my Court the Sovereigns who, in the course of the last year, visited this country. " The journey of the Emperor of Russia, undertaken at a great sacrifice of private convenience, was a proof of the friendship of his Imperial Majesty most acceptable to my feelings. " The opportunity of personal intercourse thus afforded to me may, I hope, be the means of still further improving those amicable relations which have long existed between Great Britain and Russia. " The visit of the King of the French was rendered especially welcome to me, inasmuch as it had been preceded by discussions which might have impaired the good understanding happily established between the two countries. " I regard the maintenance of this good understanding as essential to the best interests of both, and I rejoice to witness that the sentiments so cordially expressed by all classes of my subjects on the occasion of his Majesty's visit were entirely in unison with my own. " GENTLEMEN OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS, " The estimates for the ensuing year have been prepared, and will forthwith be laid before you. "The progress of steam navigation and the demands for protection to the extended commerce of the country will occasion an increase in the estimates connected with the naval service. " MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN, " I have observed with sincere satisfaction that the improvement which is manifest in other parts of the country has extended to Ireland. " The political agitation and excitement which I have had heretofore occasion to lament appear to have gradually abated, and, as a natural result, private capital has been more freely applied to useful public enterprises undertaken through the friendly co-operation of individuals interested in the welfare of Ireland. " I have carried into effect, in the spirit in which it was conceived, the Act for the effectual application of Charitable Donations and Bequests. " I recommend to your favourable consideration the policy of improving and extending the opportunities for academical education in Ireland. " The report of the commission appointed to inquire into the law and practice in respect to the occupation of land, is nearly prepared and shall be communicated to you immediately after its presentation. " The state of the law in regard to the privileges of the Bank of Ireland, and to other Banking establishments in that country and in Scotland, will no doubt occupy your attention. " The health of the inhabitants of large towns and populous districts in this part of the United Kingdom has been the subject of recent inquiry before a commission, the report of which shall be /immediately laid before you. "It will be highly gratifying to me if the information and suggestions contained in that report shall enable you to devise the means of promoting the health and comfort of the poorer classes of my, people. " I congratulate you on the success of the measures which, three years since, were adopted by Parliament for the purpose of supplying the deficiency in the public revenue, and arresting the accumulation of debt in the time of peace. " The Act which was passed at that time for Imposing a tax upon income will shortly expire. " It will be for you, in your wisdom, to determine whether it may not be expedient to continue its operation for a further period, and thus to obtain .the means of adequately providing for the public service, and, at the same time, of making a reduction in other taxation. " Whatever may be the result of your deliberations in this respect, I feel assured that it will be your determination to maintain an amount of revenue amply sufficient to meet the necessary expenditure of the country, and firmly to uphold that public credit which is indispensable to the national welfare. " The prospect of continued peace, and the general state of domestic prosperity and tranquillity, afford a favourable opportunity for the consideration oF the important matters to which I have directed your attentiou, and I commit them to your deliberation, with the earnest prayer that you may be enabled, under the superintending care and protection of Divine Providence, to strengthen the feelings of mutual confidence and goodwill between different classes of my subjects, and to improve the condition of my people. Marquis Camden moved the address, and Lord Glenlyon seconded it in the Lords. Lord Normanby, who represented the Opposition, said there would be no opposition to it.. In the Commons, Mr. Charteris {son of Lord Wemyss) moved the address, seconded by Mr. T. Baring. Lord John Russell repeated nearly Lord Normanby's words, stating there would be no opposition. The following Ministerial changes have taken place—Mr. Sydney Herbert, late Secretary to the Admiralty, is Secretary-at- War, vice Sir Henry Hardinge. Sir Thomas Freemantle is Secretary for Ireland, vice Lord Elliot, now Lord St. Germains. Lord Dalhousie is President of the Board of Trade, and Master of the Mint, rice Mr. Gladstone, who quits the Ministry owing to an intended ministerial plan for giving greater facilities to public academical education in Ireland. Lord Jocelyn, son of Lord Roden, is a Lord of the Admiralty, vice Mr. Corry, appointed Secretary to the Board of Trade. Sir Edward Knatchbull and Lord Ripon have both retired from office, owing to ill health, their successors not appointed. Sir George Clerk is the new Vice-President of the Board of Trade, succeeded by Mr. Cardwell. It is feared that Sir Robert Peel's Ministry is not strengthened by these changes.—Lord Aberdeen is appointed Ranger of Greenwich Park, without salary, vice the late Princess Sophia of Gloucester.—Her Majesty and the Royal family are in excellenthealth.—Theaccouchement was expected to take place in June.— Matters in Ireland were in statu quo. On the 5th February Mr. O'Connell communicated to the Association that it was questionable whether the Irish members should attend Parliament this session. The Lord Lieutenant had entertained at dinner all the Catholic Prelates who attended his levees, which had given great satisfaction. Ireland was more free from crime, burglaries, and robberies, especially, than England.—Miss Osborne, daughter of Sir John Osborne, Bart., was apprehended for privately stealing a pot of preserved meat from an oil-shop. She was evidently in a state of mental derangement, but was nevertheless sent to Tothill-fields Bridewell, in the comonm van.—The condition of England continued extremely distressing. More murders had been committed; one in particular of an atrocious nature by a man named Tapping upon a young female named Whiter. We shall give particulars in our next.—The Marquis of Bute is married to Lady Sophia Hastings, sister of the lately deceased Marquis.—Mr. Wood, brother of the late Alderman, and M.P. for Southwark, was at the point of death, and Sir William Molesworth, Sir George Larpent, Mr. Carling, and Mr. Barclay, were all canvassing, Mr. Wood being yet alive.—A frightful accident, attended with the loss of many lives, three pregnant women among them, took place at Limerick on the 10th February, bv the falling of a house in which several hundred persons were assembled at a wake of a young married woman deceased. Independent of the killed, the severity of the injuries sustained is described as dreadful.—The Marquis of Sligo died on the 2nd February, aged fiftysix. His prosecution and imprisonment, and the marriage of his mother with the Judge, Sir William Scott, who tried and sentenced'him, will be fresh in the public recollection. He was afterwards Governor of Jamaica, and died Lord Lieutenant of Mayo, and Colonel of the Militia. He has left a large family. We shall givenext week, amongst the other details, particulars of the dreadful storm with which the British coasts were visited for the last few days of January, mentioned in our former numbers. The Weather continued extremely Severe. The wheat average on the 8th February was forty shillings and sevenpence per Imperial quarter; barley, 34s. 2d.; oats, 21s. 3d.—CONSOLS, 6th February, 100§; money abundant; Bank of England discouut, xwo per cent. WE have in type-a continuation of our notice of the absolute necessity (for their own sakes, passing by all other considerations) of the banking and other monetary establishments of Van Diemen's Land following the example of Sydney, as has been already done here with excellent policy and good effect by the great mortgagee representative, Captain Swanston, by reducing the rate of interest to, at the highest, Six PER CENT. The length to which the following notice has unavoidably extended, compels UB to postpone the continuation of the interest of money discussion to our next publication. IN our last publication we called the attention of the people of this colony, NOT to sign " the Petition," to which . (with so much meretricious aid of flags, walking posting-bills, large placards, and other means, which a cause intrinsically good would not find itself under the necessity of having recourse to) signatures have been obtained. We inserted also an argumentative address to the colony, signed " A Colonist," worded in a plain, straight-forward and intelligent manner, wholly devoid of mystification or sophistry, which has publicly appeared, in which although it is generally admitted that abuudant answer to the Petition is found, yet we apprehend there are other grounds upon which the delusion attempted to be practised upon the people may be clearly exhibited to them. Again and again we repeat that we fully admit the ». ^oectable station and great weight in the community of the gentlemen who, by publicly recommending it, have identified themselves with the petition. We fully admit their entire right to recommend to the public the adoption of that or any other measure, and we also fully admit the right of any public Journal to advocate that Petition, or any other, by every fair and legitimate means. Fully admitting all this on the part of the advocates of the Petition, of course we demand the same right for its opponents, and we now proceed to show, in addition to the unanswerable arguments propounded by " A Colonist," why the people should NOT sign " the Petition." Fortunately, the performance of this task by any writer, is daily becoming less and less difficult. The people begin to see that an attempt at delusion has been practised upon them; not, we fully admit, dishonestly, for this especial reason, that many of the gentlemen who advocate the Petition are unhappily under delusion themselves. We think, nevertheless, that we shall be able to show that the Petition itself is dishonest, inasmuch as it combines objects totally separate and distinct from the declared one, and from ^ach other, in order to obtain support to an ultimate measure, which, if it stood alone, free from that combination, few indeed would be found to afford. This is now beginning to be understood hy the public, and there are many influential persons, who without due consideration, having affixed their signature to the Petition, would gladly "unsign" if it were possible. We shall show these different objects, and the manner in which they have respectively worked upon individuals. First, there is one which is unquestionably a grievance; the payment by the colony of the ADDI- TIONAL expense of police, Jaw, and gaols, consequent upon the rendering Van Diemen's Land the criminal depot of the WHOLE British etapiire. To a Petition for this purpose there could not •only be no objection, but we are satisfied that the hope of obtaining it induced "inaby individuals to sign the one now before the public, who, with that object alone in view, cast all other considerations overboard. Then there is the large party who; satisfied that the assignment system, as modified by the talent and experience of that eminent personage SIR GEORGE ALRTHUR, was the best method of disposing of the Crown prisoners, whether in relation to their reformation, their comfort, or the interests of both colony and mother country; and being therefore opposed to the probation system, signed " the Petition," in order, as they hoped, to obtain a return to assignment. Then come a little clique, small no doubt, but nevertheless waspish, who having taken personal offence at the Lieutenant-Governor, either from disappointment or neglect, (Franklin the philosopher says, vanity ungratified makes more, and more bitter, enemies than injury sustained,") sign, and use every effort to induce others to do so also, in order, as they think, to annoy the head of the Government. Then there is a miserable fac- tion, petty, we confess, iu everything but malice, who having signally failed in the hope of gratifying their hatred of Sir George Arthur, again originating in disappointed expectation, or in unindnlged vanity, sign, because they hope thereby tp annoy Captain Forster, to whom they say (privately^ with Richard,— " I hate thee, for thy blood o' Lancaster 1" Another section of " signers" is composed of Bishop Nixon's followers. That .prelate has, unhappily, excited a strong spirit ut dissention here, by various proceedings, known to be at variance with the sentiments of the head of the Government. Whatever may be Dr. Nixon's opinion as to " the. Petition," with which, being entirely a state' matter, he has obviously nothing whatever to do. it is certain that those who follow him, terrd cmloque, would sign the Petition, supposing that thereby they wjuld gratify " My Lord's" known opposition to the Government, and "thrust the thorn deeper into the side" of its head. Then come a rather extensive class, the body of " signers in general," who with the inducement of associating their own names with those of " great men," with the further inducement, the solicitation of those great men, which they cannot refuse, although they well know that the signatures obtained they, the signers, are recognised no more. Last, but most important, there are the tiuly honourable and estimable men, whose perceptions, clear, distinct, and generous in every other relation of life, labour in this particular under an unhappy monomania, which produces utter insensibility to either hearing, seeing, or understanding, disturbing their, in all other cases, excellent faculties, whenever the dark daemon exhibits itself before them incarnated in the word " Transportation /" They sign, of course, and in doing so their unhappy calamity gives them strength which insanity alone can produce, enabling them to reconcile antipathies, in every other matter invincible ! Thus, then, is "the Petition signed." which emanates from no one knows where, is produced by no one knows whom, coming before the colony as it were from the clouds ! No previous public meeting to consider the subject—no committee formed by the public authority to digest a Petition fitting for the exigencies which we admit to exist in the case—all the preliminary proceedings usual in every instance of public Petitions thrown overboard, and this too in a matter of the deepest importance to the very existence of the colony, a matter which stakes the ques- tion whether the flourishing towns of Hobart Town and Launceston shall not be reduced to fishing hamlets^the^air~aad_smiling cultivated interior into depopulated sheepwalks. And what are ths grounds on which this uuautborised- by-the-public Petition seeks this devastating change ? Not one in support of which those who have signed it offer a syllable of proof. They commence by referring to SirEardley Wilmot and Sir John Franklin, by both of whom they say, no doubt with truth, that many of them are personally known, as vouchers of the general position and character as colonists of those many. We will admit thiB as fully as they assert it. But would not the adducing some one, single, solitary matter of fact have gone further in support of their prayer than the moBt unexceptionable references to their position in life ? They refer to the invitations held forth by the Home Government in the year 1824, to respectable persons and to artisans to emigrate ; and does that reference sustain one single word of their claim to a cessation of that very system of transportation which existed when the stimulus of their own affairs induced them to accept the invitation ? Did either the " Colonial-office" or the " Home Government" say one single syllable which could be tortured by the utmost stretch of the power of inference into the shadow of a compact that transportation should, at any certain definite time, cease ? And had such an inference been conveyed, much moie such a compact been expressed, would they not; when they proposed to emigrate, have paused some little at the very suggestion, because that the transportation system comprehended that most essential necessary in all new countries, cheap labor * Did the Colonial- office induce them, directly or indirectly to suppose that the Government did not and would not reserve to itself the right of employing its crown prisonera in any manner and under any system it might choose ? Did they not come consciously to a land of " convicts'—& land in which, at the time to which ilnjy refer, there were few other individuals'^ Nay more: wa6 not Van Diemen's Land then, as it is pow, and even more so, the " reoeptacle" for all the convicts transported to New South Wales, and found there by the evidence of experience to be so utterly incorrigible that they, fepaale as well as male, were sent here as to a place of ultra punishment, as they are now sent from hence to Norfolk Island ? Will not Mr, Kemp, the father of the colony, for whom we have from long knowledge of his worth, sincere respect, and whose recommendation of the Petition we have seen with much regret—will he not fully confirm that well-known fact ? And as to the amount, nature, and frequent occurrence of crime, was it not quite as extensive, if not more so than at present? Was the proportion of persons who had arrived here free to that of those who had arrived here otherwise greater THEN than it is now? Were the rights and privileges of the emigrants as Englishmen, greater THEN, when a " government order" was the only legislative authority, and upon a Civil Court of two assessors and a Criminal Court of seven military officers, depended the whole administration of justice, than they are now, when they have a Legislative assembly (nomination, we admit, and God forbid it should be otherwise in the present condition of Van Diemen's Land) and " Trial by Jury," as fully and as freely as in England ? Tbey come to a convict country knowing it to be so, and they come to it rejoicingly! What right have they now to complain that it continues one? They took their servants from amongst the convicts by assignment, and they do so still, the description of individuals being precisely the same, but the supply being so unequal to the demand, that the great object was to make interest" to get the largest number ; and now that the supply is so abundant that they have NO " interest to make," but can have all they require! It is quite true that then they fed and clothed their servants as they might think proper,subject,undoubtedly, to regulations existing but little enforced against the great; and now they can obtain them at even less cost, the average being about Seven Pounds per annum, wages certainly, but out of which the servant has to clothe himself or herself, and that he or she shall do so properly is strictly enforced un der the surveillance of the Government! Is this the sore place ? Is it,that the Crown prisoners are no longer " white slaves," (as Captain Maconochie called them) but are " English servants," carrying with the feeling that they are the one and not the other an impression of self-respect, calculated to produce the most beneficial consequences ? " Oh! but," say the Petitioners, jumping to another conclusion, "a large quantity of desert land has been brought into cultivation, and large fleets of merchant ships have arrived here, increasing our imports from * nil,' if you please, to one million, also if you please, and our exports the same." Why will not the mother country, and with great truth, reply, " so much the better for you that you have so flourished, and ungrateful will you be if you cease for a moment to be thankful for such an amount of -benefits bestowed." " We claim the cessation of the transportation system," say the petitioners, "because, from the year 1824 to the year 1840, 'the security of life and property was as complete in this Island as in any county in England.' " Granted (we throw overboard, for the sake of the argument, the bushranging, and the robberies, and the murders, and the sheep and cattle stealing, by whole flocks and herds at a time, which then prevailed) ; and is not the security of life and property quite as secure now as EVER IT WAS in this or in any other colony, and INFINITELY GREATER than it is in England or in any other country. Does murder, or highway robbery, or house robbery, or street robbery, or personal violence prevail here, as the London papers show that all these crimes prevail in England, and, the Provincial papers show that they pre- < vail in the Provinces, and the Colonial papers show that they prevail in the : other • colonies ? Why so utterly contrary is the; fact, that . the. high order which prevails in; this Colony—in .this large and populous seaport Town in particular, is the astonishment > and admiration of every stranger ; and of strange ships in particular, arriving here!! The Petition makes a pompous parade ofthe " prosecutions for crime in the Supreme- Court" against convicts in 1844 as compared with the prosecutions in 1840, but it omits to Btate that, in 1840, the numbers wepe sp much less tlian' they are r.ow that labor was so enormously dear as to be subject matter of continual complaint as the master grievance of the settlers, and now the v/ery opposite state of things, the cheapness of labour, is complained of as "a grievance by the petitioners' And as to the! so displayed " prosecutions," ychat would their nature be found to be upon analyzing 1 Speaking generally, as a whole, the most trumpery petty larcenies swelling the numerical amount largely, but sinking it to nothing when compared with the nature ol the crimes existing in England, in attthe other colonies, and in every other part of the world! We assert the same of the moral condition of the Colony. We assert that no proof is adduced to show that as much morality does not exist here as does, numbers alike, in any community on the face of the earth. " But," say the petitioners, "from 1824 Van Diemen's Land was no longer a penal settlement, but ' a Colony' established under the sanction and encouragement of the English Government, and supplied with a certain amount of convict labour, which the settlers could readily employ, and for which they paid by defraying I the whole expence of the convicts after their I arrival." Although these are assertions j which admit of very much discussion, yet, i for the sake of the argument, we will admit< them to the full: and, what then ? If the J petitioners supported the convicts after their | arrival, had they not the labour of the con-1 victs as their reward in return ? And is; there, we repeat, one word of a Government | compact, express or implied, between itself' and the emigrants, or any single one of, them, which can be tortured into an understanding that the amount of the supply of\ convict labour should be certain, and thatj amount limited ? And if such a compact had j been offered to an intending emigrant, would : he not have complained of a covenanted limitation of convict labour as a hardship— j as lesseniug his inducements to emigrate ? On the direct contrary, was not an express condition inserted in his grant of land, that he should support one convict for every! hundred acres, and is not that condition now insisted upon by " many of your petitioners" as a triumphant argument against the Go-' vernment demand for Quit-fent ? But is " a surplus of labour a grievance?" Was ever such a complaint made before in any'country of the earth, particularly a new country ? If, indeed, as in England, the people were compelled to support that surplus in addition to the number for which it could find,.employment, then, indeed, as the continued transmission of that surplus would not be under the control of those who would have to support it, there would be a real and sub-; stantial grievance ; but not so. Not only j does England maintain every man, woman, : and child it sends forth—finding hospitals for the sick, and orphan schools for their ; children—but it also expends within the j colony to which it sends them the whole . expense occasioned thereby, to the enor- \ mous amount of one thousand Pounds per j day, and what is an immensely additional j boon, it employs them in labouring to im- i prove the face of that very colony to which j it sends them, the produce of which it purchases from the settlers to the great extent j necessary for the support of those very labourers, and it would purchase colonial manufactures had the colony industry enough j to produce them, instead of industriously i HM^.^.'.. imaginary grievances. The j contradictions which these grievance manufacturers evince is remarkable. When the English Government, from an anxious desire to improve the mental condition, in order the more certainly to effect the moral reform of the unfortunate convicts, thought proper to order that a certain portion of their time should be appropriated to religious instruction, the grievance manufacturers exclaimed, " why you do not make the prisoners perform htdf labour enough!" And now these very same complainers say, " Oh! you have too much labour." But grievance manufacturers jump over inconsistencies. And is this very great fact of England providing the colony with an unlimited amount of labour, at the same time carefully providing against the possibility of the labourers becoming a burthen upon the colony (in the event of its not being able to employ them) by itself supporting them, and not only so doing, but expending upon and within the colony the large sums necessary for the support of such labourers,—is not this an unspeakable amount of benefit conferred upon any country ? Is it not this very benefit which has enabled very many of the petitioners, who refer to Sir Eardley Wilmot and Sir John Frajihlin to vouch for their " position as colonists ?" and do they complain of jtfre transportation system, the benefits of .which many of them have experienced, and under which others of them have had " greatness thrust upon them!" It is quite true that many of them, as well as of the anti-petitioners, are highly respectable colonists, who have fallen from a /state of comfort and opulence into embarrassment, insolvency, and distress—some, no doubt, from having, dishonestly to .themselves and to their families, lent themselves to " the accommodation of their friends," and having been left to pay responsibilities thus, we repeat, dishonestly to themselves and their families, created,have suffered accordingly; but the great majority of the embarrassed in circumstances owe their difficulties to a very different cause. One of the " dishonesties" in the Petition of which we complain is, the charging upon the transportation system theruinouslydepressed condition of the colony, for ruinously depressed, God knows we have abundant reason to admit it to be. The petitioners well know that it is to be not only attributed to very different causes, but that unless for that very system itself, the colony would have been sunk tenfold deeper in the affliction of distress—that it is to that system which Van Diemen's Land, so materially deficient as it is in internal resources, owes its being enabled to survive the general shock which all but entirely ruined the noble colony of New South Wales, whose resources are boundless, and the" virgin colonies," where the transportation system never existed, established upon its continent. No! It was NOT to the transportation .system, as the petitioners assert it was, that the dreadful distress which has fallen upon Van Diemen's 1 and is to be attributed. It is well known that a disposition to speculate introduced the introduction of (and it has been a great evil) a vast amount of foreign capital—not invested and expended upon the land, but lent out upon mortgage at a ruinously amount of usurious interest, which has been eventually found to be unpayable. This vast amount of introduced capital fed the spirit of speculation, in another word, of gambling; and because they did gamble, because—and it is an anomaly in that frightful vice, when the "caster" threw but, the "setter" also lost—their gamblings have ended, as all gamblings do, ruinously, do they complain of the run of the dice! And after all, are they, speaking generally, as a whole, worse off now than when they abandoned their j native land (their having done 60, as they assert, at the solicitation of the English Government, is perfectly what "A Colonist" calls " humbug,")—after having enjoyed a life of luxury far beyond what either the original situation, education, association, or habit of "many of them" gave hope of ever possessing—are they worse off than when they made their, original disposition to emigrate ? Let such of the petitioners as can complain of having been, individually and specifically, unjustly treated by Britain —let them petition ; and if they can make out their cases, we are convinced they will receive whatever compensation they can show that they are fairly entitled to. The petitioners assert, that in the year 1840 the Home Government discontinued sending convicts to New South Wales, and Van Diemen's Land became the sole receptacle for the transported offenders of the whole empire. Now this point would form an excellent argument in a Petition, praying for a modification of the existing system, or for the payment by the British Government of the increased police, gaol, and court expenses consequent thereon; but it is none whatever, not even the ghost of one, for the discontinuance of transportation altogether. This Journal has from the first admitted that there must be under the present system, in so small an island as Van Diemen's Land, a maximum established for the a- mount of convicts transported hither; and this not more for the sake of the Government itself, (for obvious reasons we have avoided particulars), than for the prisoners, and for the island in which they are confined. But, we assert, that that is a matter of state .policy with which the Government has alone to do, with which emigrants to Van Diemen's Land have no right, derived either from their original compact or from after circumstances of any soft, to interfere, and that the attempt in " the Petition" to show that they have jsuch a right, is a failure of the worst sort. This failure is strongly exhibited i_i those passages of the Petition which complain uf the petitioners having been kept in ignorance of the details of the new system " until part of the instructions sent by the Secretary of State for the colonies to the Lieutenant-Governor, was published in the colonial newspapers." Now we apprehend the Secretary of State,- when he reads these and other similar passages, will find it exceedingly difficult to determine, whether he should advise the Queen his mistress to give any other answer than—" the Petition has been received, and submitted to her Majesty, who was pleased to signify no commands thereon." It is certainly rather presumptuous in any set of gentlemen, be their respectability ever so great, to expecjt that the Secretary of State should make known to them whatever alterations the British Government may from time to time consider necessary to make in any system of state policy it may have in operation. What would be said in England if, that when the Chancellor of the Exchequer opens " the Budget" in the ensuing session, he should propose some entirely new system of taxation, essentially affecting the interests of the whole United Kingdom, any set of individuals whatever should assemble and petition against the proposed measure, upon the ground that " the minister had not made it known to them before he had submitted it to Parliament ?" The idea is preposterous. | The petitioners then go into a detailed consideration of that long debated subject— j " Taxation without representation." What ; this has to do with a Petition for the cessa- | tion of the transportation system, few are \ enabled, even by the context, to understand. If the petitioners consider it necessary to address the Crown on that subject, by all means let them do 60, in a proper manner, by Petition limited to that point; or if they think proper to embody it in a Petition for a general redress of what they may be ' pleased to consider " grievances," let at least the statements and the prayer be uniform. Instead of which, in the present Petition, the former enumerates a variety of evils, under which it is asserted the colony labours, (none of which, none whatever, are confirmed by adduced facts) and the prayer is limited to the sole and only ! subject of transportation! It is to be ! lamented that a production so entirely I without order, arrangement, connection of what is intended for argument, or proper : attention to the ordinaly rules of compoj sition, always to be expected in lengthilyextended Petitions to the Sovereign and to both Houses of Parliament, should bear the approvatory certificate of twenty-two gentlemen, many of whom are undoubtedly of the elite of our little community. Assertions, not only without proof, but which on the contrary carry with them on their very face their own refutation, are little calculated to obtain attentiou from a British Parliament. The Queen's Ministers naturally look for correct information from all the colonies to the individuals to whom the Government thereof is confided. Will not that of this island give a flat contradiction (and no more is necessary to any assertion without proof) to the statements in the Petition, that the petitioners " have cause to be in a state of continual dread for themselves and their families owing to the number of convicts by whom they are surrounded— that they have no security for life or property—that the moral condition of the colony is daily becoming worse and worse ?" Why the Governor will, no doubt, pledge himself, as he may do with strict truth, to the British nation in Parliament assembled, through the Queen's Ministers, that the above ill-advised representations are wholly and altogether unfounded, and at variance with the actual facts, for that in real truth the colonists both in the towns and in the interior never since the foundation of the colony have been in a 6tate of more perfect security of both life and property, serious crimes of every sort being less known in Van Diemen's Land than in any other community of equal numbers, the composition of that community, a material element of the case, thrown wholly out of consideration, and that " the moral condition of the colony," so far from becoming " worse and worse," (which by- the-bve conveys nothing distinct, being only a measure of comparison between the past and the present, of neither of which is the amount defined), his Excellency will no doubt assert positively, and with strict truth, that it is ms good as exists not only in any community of similar extent of the British empire, but of any portion whatever of the whole civilized world. But what is not the treasure of evil which this extremely ill-advised Petition, published so widely as to obtain circulation throughout the whole world, is calculated to bring upon this already calumniated colony. Will not the statements it contains,certainly unaccompanied by proof, cause Van Diemen's Land to become odious in the estimation not only of all Christendom, but of all mankind ? Do the petitioners, can they consider the representations they put forth to the world, of their adopted country, recommend it for that emigration which all agree is one of the chief elements of prosperity in any new country? We forbear to elaborate this most serious consideration. No impartial person not cognate (the word used by one of our contemporaries) .of the real facts can read the Petition without rooking upon Van Diemen's Land as a very sink of infamy. Can the petitioners desire this for themselves and for their posterity ? In our remarks upon the different parties who have signed " the Petition," and upon the various different motives by which they have been induced so to sign, while we admitted fully that none of them were actuated by dishonest motives, yet we designate the Petition itself dishonest. We will show, in addition to what we have already done, the correctness of that designation. We will suppose that its prayer shall be granted to its fullest extent—to the very letter—that transportation shall not only henceforward cease, but that all the terrific complaints of the terrible evils which have been consequent upon its heretofore existence, shall be remedied by the removal of every individual convict, male and female (the latter especially, the awful consequences of their transmission hither having been painted in such glowing colours) to a new penal colony, Port Essington for example, to be immediately established upon the coast of New Holland. Let us ask any one of the different sections who, actuated by different motives, have been induced to obey the call, " Sign, sign, sign" {the monomanial excepted, with whom it would be utterly useless to reason on that subject)—let us suppose, we say, that the Queen's Ministers were to comply with the prayer of the Petition, as we have above contemplated, and that every prisoner of the Crown in private service and in the public works—the Anson and her five hundred inmates—the Penitentiary and its thousand prisoners—the Cascade Factory—the Brickfields Dep&t;—in a word, the whole of the thirty thousand mouths now consuming the produce of the Colony, by far the greater portion of them at the expense of England, paid for by its Commissary to the generous extent of one thousand pounds per day, were removed to Port Essington. Let us imagine this, and we ask of all (but the monomaniac) what would be the condition of the Colony the next day? What would be the state of the markets—of agriculturists—of the shops, great and little, in the great towns—of the merchants on the great wharfs—the banks—the insurance companies—the shipping proprietors, and all the public establishments ? What would be the situation of the mortgagees—foreign and domestic—their security, the land, bang rendered perfectly valueless in regard to the principal, for, as to interest, even at any rate per cent., as there could be no income to the mortgagor, there could be no interest paid to the mortgagee ? What would be the condition of private families without servants, without the means of paying wages, if there were any servants to hire ? What would become of the safety of the town and the security of the country against the free thieves, (and surely the petitioners do not mean to assert that Van Diemen's Land would then be the only portion of the whole world which would be free from thieving, particularly where want of the necessaries of life would so induce that and every other crime), without a police, without a single soldier; for the military establishment here, being consequent entirely upon the convict establishment, would of course disappear with it. In such a case, we ask, would not this town become as we have said—to adopt the words of a valued friend, another Nantucket ?— for our oil and our wool would be our only resources—its splendid edifices falling to ruins for want of occu pation—its now crowded streets exhibiting the disconsolate silence of the desert —and as regards the interior, would not our now cultivated corn fields become open sheep walks, inasmuch as agriculture there could be none—first, because there could be no market for its consumption; and, secondly, because if there was a market, there could be no labourers to effect cultivation ! Would England send free labourers sixteen thousand miles, even if she had forgotten the treacherous manner in which we had repaid her long-existing bounty ? Not one. Could we provide the means of defraying the expense of their " emigration?" Alas! we should not possess the means of finding ordinary food and rainient for ourselves and our families, for from whence could we derive it? This is a dark and melancholy picture, but it is a true one. And who would be (or could be) blamed for having produced such direful calamities ?—who but the petitioners ? Upon them the suffering anti-petitioners, destroyed in the common ruin, would of course turn a well- merited burst of resentful indignation. Now for the alternative: what if " the petitioners " should endeavour to back out in excuse by alleging that they never intended more than according to their prayer, " arrangements may be made for the gradual and total abolition of transportation to Van Diemen's Land," not to abolish it at once at a single blow. Here again it is, we assert, that the body of the Petition is DISHONEST ! It traces a vivid colouring of horrid vices which the system of transportation—THE SYSTEM ITSELF—has brought upon the island; and if it does not mean that, it means nothing, for it cannot be supposed to mean that all the atrocious criminals of both sexes, whose presence renders Van Diemen's Land the frightfully odious spot upon the creation they describe it, are only of recent transportation, and that to remove these recently transported, AND THESE ALONE, was the object of the Petition, all the convicts of both sexes, be their crimes, their morals, their principles, what they may,— who had arrived here up to a given day, or to a specified amount, to remain, leaving all the horrors which THEY had introduced to be continued in all the fulness of unremedied atrocity ? Why what a paltry, pitiful, despicable specimen of errant and wilful deception would not such a pretence render " the Petition?" Are we not justified, then, in asserting it to be " dishonest," for what else is it ? If the petitioners mean that they propose to pass the thirty thousand convicts now here through a sort of moral sieve of their own construction, through which, when they have passed a given number, the remainder are to be removed, disposed of no matter how. In that case, a Petition plainly expressing that sentiment would be open, manly, and intelligible. But how is the sieve to be constructed ? Are the petitioners to be " arbitres" of the measure of its moral reticulation—of its fitness to determine who are to be remanents in Van Diemen's Land, and who are to be subjected to another expatriation—to be removed from a land which is to become by this petition," siftings, a place of sanctified purity? We assert then again that the Petition, as it is worded, is to all intents and purposes DISHONEST. TO imagine that the Ministers of the Grown, any Ministers, would permit themselves to be dictated to by any Petition, what is to be the nature of *' the system of transportation" they are to adopt, in order to meet the speculative conceptions of any set of petitioners, can only enter into the most visionary mind. It is perfectly obvious that no parent Government would be lectured as does the " Petition," coming from a portion of the inhabitants of one of its distant colonies, into cuttings and carvings of any system which that Government, upon and after mature deliberation, after incurring the labour and expense of establishing an appropriate machinery, with ample evidence before them from those best enabled to judge of it, that their system worked well both for country, colony, and convict, at least without a scintilla of evidence to the contrary— nothing before them but the naked assertion of a Petition, the erratic, disordered, eccentricity of which would not obtain for it attention from any the most obtuse collection of statesmen, much less from those enlightened men, the Ministers of the Crown of England—it is obvious, we say, that if it obtains any result at all, that result will be the one we have already imagined, the removal elsewhere (we have named Port Essington) of all such convicts as it may be the pleasure of the Crown to continue in bondage, and to leave the re mainder, freed for that purpose, in the 1 colony, removing, of couse, the entire Government establishment, the military,-—in a word, rendering Van Diemen's Land another Port Phillip, (which by-the-bye possesses infinitely stronger claims than does Van Diemen's Land for an independent Legislature and Government) replacing its Lieutenant-Governor, as at Port Phillip, by a Superintendent; and as the Petition, in its extraordinary mixing up of "grievances" refers to the subject of "a Council in which they (the petitioners) have no representatives," bestowing upon them, again as at Port Phillip, the boon of permitting them to send some half-dozen " representatives," to New South Wales, to which Van Diemen's Land would in that case become again " a Dependency," as its geographical position shews must inevitably become its ultimate destiny. The cxclaimers for " legislation by representation," would then have their demands complied with to their hearts' content, and some half-dozen residents at Sydney would form additional stars in the great Australian constellation. That this will be the ultimate political fate of this island, no man of common experience or acquaintance with the history of the world, who looks at what the noble colony of Australia MUST be, and at what the paltry little island forming its southern extremity CAN- NOT be, can for a moment doubt. The political denouement may be delayed, but it MUST come at last. " The Petition" is certainly admirably calculated to hasten and to secure its approach. It is understood that a Counter-Petition is to be presented to the public for signatures, exhibiting what the colonists have really and fairly to complain of in the present system. If such is the case, we have little doubt that it will be signed by many individuals who have signed " the Petition," under misapprehension. The sooner it is done the better for the colony. Perhaps we may submit the outline of one to public consideration in our next publication. THE longtli, Unavoidable to do common justice to the importance of the subject, of the preceding article, unwillingly compels us to defer to our next gome excellent correspondence, and many matters of local interest, which shall certainly be attended to. . 