*TIIE ENGLISH DRAMA; CHAPTER I. 'Hard is his lot Mint hero by fortune placed, Must watch tlio wild vicissitudes of tasto ; With every meteor of caprice must play , And chase the newblown bubbles of tlio day. Ah! let not censuro term our fate our choice, ' Tho stage but echoes back the public voice : ' The drama's laws the drama's patrons give, For we, that live to please, must please to live. Then prompt no more the follies you decry, . As tyrants doom their tools of guilt to die.' ' Dr. Johnson. THE first origin of tho Drama among tho Greeks and Romans had its source in the public games and religious festivals, at which it was customary to celebrate the life and exploits of the- deity or hero in whose honour they were instituted. It is not our purpose to enter into tho inucli-agitatod controversy concerning the origin of tho modern drama in Europe: for whether it arose in France or Italy, among tho troubadours- of Provence or tho' shepherds in Calabria, it will be sufficient for our purposo. to contend that it was a distinct species of itself, and not a revival of tho ancient drama; that it was of Gothic rnthor than of classic birth ;. and that it ought not, there fore, to bo bound by tho rules or compared with tho merits of its Grecian predecessor. Had Shakspeare been circumscribed by the ancient dramatic laws, of which ho was probably ignorant, and which ho c'oi-tninly did hot mean to follow, wo should have had cold and- tame imitation, instead of tho fiory flights of original- genius; and the dramatic glory of England would Have suffered a lamentable eclipse. Nothing, indeed, is more superfluous than bur inquiries into tho origin of great and useful inventions; nothing moro vain than tho keen contests among rival nations for tlio honour of their first discovery : for tho principles of human nature being .tho same in all parts of tlio world, thore may be often coincident productions uf, tho. two extremities of the globe, absolutely identical , in tfioir general nature, and yet both fully entitled to tho merit of being; original. Imitation. is not less inhoront in our nature than tho passions; and it those were tho sources of poetry in general, tho former must in all ages have given rlso to dramatic representations. It Is natural for mdolont persons, who have no resources in thoir arts or loarning against tho tcdiousness of lifo, . to delight in assuming fictitious characters,' ns wb boo children at school fond of acting kings and heroes, and of rudely dramatising tho stories which have made tho most vivid impressions upon their fancy. What thus bogan in amusement was soon found to bo suseoptiblo of. a much higher and nobler application. As example is the * strongest arid most oflfectuul manner of enforcing tho precepts of wisdom, it became manifest that a just theatrical representation might bo rendered a humanizing and instructive ' acadomy ; with this special advantage,, that tho young spectator might contomplato a pieturo of human nature, and loarn the manners .of tho 'world, with out encountering its perils. .'.'?. ,, ? 'Even some of tho inspired writings havo boon con sidered dramatical by very pious persons. . Tho Illustrious Bossuot divides tho Song of Solomon into various scones ; tlio Hook of Job, equally valunblu for its groat antiquity . and for the noblo strain of moral pootry in which it is composed, has boon, estcomed a regular drama; and Milton tells us that a loarnod critic distributed tha Apoculypso Into several acts, distinguished by a chorus of angols. Grogory of Ntuianzum, a poet, and a father of tho church, persuaded the peoplo of Byzantium (o repre sent on their thcatro some chosen stories of tho Old and; Now Testament, and to banish from their stage the- pro-' fnno compositions of Sophocles and Euripides. Tho .lows themselves had the stories of tho Old Testament exhibited in tho dramatlfijWbrm; part of a Jewish' piece on the subject of ExomliiiB presorvod in Greek iambics, written by one Ezckiel,'' who styles himself tho poet of tho Hebrews.'* ''?-* . '?_' ', ', . ? A custom of representing at every solemn festival some event recorded in Scripturo, becamo almost general nearly at tho same -period, in tho south, tho west, and oven in the north of Europe; in the two latter of which divisions. tho poems of Gregory and tho language of the Greeks wero wholly unknown ; so that neither can have borrowed their mysteries from Constantinople. In both theso instances they' propably originated in the pious desiro of disseminating a Knowledge of the Bible, at a tlmo when tho mass of the peoplo woro unable to road, and whon even those, who possessed that rare quali fication, could not betake themselves to the Scriptures, since thoy were mostly restricted to tho Latin language. Although tho clergy in many instances opposed them selves to any version of tho' sacred writings in tho vulgar, tongue, they do not scorn to havo objected to tho trans lating into action, or dramatising such portions of them as wero most susceptible) of being thus illustrated. Of theso pious, or as wo should rather now say, profane per formances, tho church was tho theatre ; the ecclesiastics themselves, 'or their scholars, were tho performers; and it appears ' that thoy wore not altogether disinterested teachers, nor content with such scriptural knowledge or moral instruction as could be thus conveyed, since they derived a pecuniary profit from their exhibitions. These wero termed mysteries and miracles beeauso they incul cated the profound doctrines of Christianity, and repre sented the miraclcB wrought by tho great founders of the' faith and their successors, as well as the sufferings of the-, martyrs. . ' ' , ,. ?'.': No other species of drama was known at Rbmeahdj Floronoo in tho thirteenth 'and fourteenth centuries; Tliec: passion of our Saviour was performed in the Coliseum ;' and if their music at that period had been as perfect as it is now, if tho' poetry; of so awful a piece had been com?; posed by a Metastasio, and the choral part by a Porgolesi,. the effect upon a devout peoplo, who aro at the' samp time, passionate admirers of music, would havo been profoundly. Impressive; while the' stupendous extent of the building, must havo presented a still grander and more august spec tacle than our commemoration of Handol. '??-,-. -ij It is generally imagined that tho Englisli stngo rose' later than tho rest of its neighbours; and yot nothing is. moro certain than that wo had theatrical 'entertainments; almost as early', as tho Conquest; if we may believe FH'i, Stephen, who, in' his' Dascriptio' nobilignmas Civilatis\ Londonias, says ' London, instead of common interludes, belonging to tho theatres, Iuib plays of a moro holy subject ; representations of thoso miracles which the holy confessors wrought,- or of tha sufferings- wherein tlio glorious constancy of tho martyrs did ..appear.'.'.. .^TlnV-. author was . a monk of Canterbury,, who wrote in tliOj timo of Henry II.; and ns ho docs not mention' these representations as novelties, for he is describint; nil tho ? common diversions of tlio tinie, we .can hardly fix .them, later than tho Conquest, which wo '.beliovo is an earlier, duto than can bo claimed for such entertainments by nny; of our continental neighbours. The first play, of , this. ..-* Tho principal characters of .this drama. aro Mosob;; ?' Sepphora, and S -=-io; a.iro fScvrtt, 'God speaking*;. fromi tho bush.' Moses delivers tha:prologuo in^k'.ispeeob.'of' ' sixty lines, and his rod is changed into a serpent upon the - stage. kind specified by natno is understood to have been called St. Catherine,* and according to Matthew Paris, -was written by Geofrey, a Norman, about the year 1110, and performed in the abbey at Dunstable. In Chaucer's time the miracle- plays were exhibited during the season of Lent, when a sequel of Scripture- histories was sometimes carried on for several days. At Skinner's Well, near . Smithfield, in the reign of Henry IV., we read of a drama which lasted eight days, beginning with the creation of the world, and containing the greater part of the history of the Old and New Testament. This must havo borne a close apology to the well-known mystery entitled Corpus Christi, or Ludus Coventrice, the Coventry play, tran scripts of which, nearly if not altogether coeval with tho time of its representation, are yet in existence. Three persons, speaking alternately, delivered tho prologuo to this curious play, which began with the creation of tho universe, and ended with tho last .judgment. Sometimes, however, the mysteries consisted of single subjects, and made but one performance. Strutt mentions two of these mystery -plays, which lie discovered in tho Bodleian library at Oxford ; one on tho conversion of St. Paul, the other tho casting out of the dovils form Mary Magdalene. Notwithstanding the seriousness of tho sub jects selected for theso performances, and the sacred character of tho building in which they wero usually dis played, it seems clear that they wore not exhibited with . out a portion of pantomimical fun, to mako thorn palatable to the vulgar taste ; and, indeed, the length and dulness , of tho speeches required somo such assistance to enliven them, though thoy were in general much shorter than tho modern plays. Beelzebub was tho principal comic actor, assisted by his merry troop of under devils, who with a , varioty of voices, strange gestures, and contortions of the body, excited tho laughter of tho populace. ' It was a £rctty part in tho old church plays, says Harsenet in his Jeclaration of Popish Impostures, 1C03, 'when tho nimble Vice would skip up like a jackanapes into tho devil's neck, and ride tho devil a course ; and belabour him with his wooden dagger till ho niado him roar ; whereat tho people would laugh to see the devil so vice haunted.' Nor can there be any doubt that theso profane mummeries wero prcsonted under tho express direction of the clergy ; for in tho year 1378, the masters and scholars of Paul's school presented a petition to Richard II., praying him ' to prohibit somo uuexpert people from presenting tho history of tho Old Testament, to tho great prejudice of tho said clergy, who have been at groat ex E oiiso, in order to represent it publicly at Christmas.' low long theso mysteries continued to bo exhibited cannot bo exactly determined ; but tho wholo period of their continuanco may bo termed tho dead sleep of tho muses, both hero and abroad. i In Italy thoy prevailed long aftor tho rovival of lito rature ; for tho classic models woro known to tho learned only, and it was necessary to gratify the poople with subjects adapted to their capacity. One would scarcely havo believed that whon Tasso had written his Arminta, and furnished tho noblest hints for tragedy in his Gierusalomme, the most ridiculous farces should still bo exhibited at Milan; and that when Guarini had introduced a chorus of shepherds in his Pastor JHdo, the people of Italy 'should still be fond of sooing the ?Seven Deadly Sins danco a saraband .with the evil spirit. ':::.-, Of tho absurdities and ignoranoo displayed in theso rude plays the reader, who mny not havo consulted them, can scarcely form a notion. In a mystery named '*Quendamludutn do Sancta Katerina' (qu'om miraoula vulgariter appellnmusj, fecit.— Vitro Abbot., p; 35, as cited '-?*? The Slaughter of tho Innocents,*, the Hebrew soldiers . swear by JVIahound or Mahomot, who was not horn till six hundred years after. Herod's messenger is named Watkinj and tho knights are directed 'to walkabout the stago, while Mary and the Infant are conveyed into Egypt. Yet notwithstanding theso' egregious blunders ana anachronisms, there is sorao kinu of spirit in tho character, an elevation in tho language, of llcrod, who thus announces himself : — Above all kinges under the clouds christall ; Royally I roigne, in weltho withouten woo ; lines in which tho reader will observe a specimen of the allitorative metre invented by tho northern bards, and so long a favourite ornament of our English poets. One of the first improvements on the old mystery was tho allegorical play or morality, so termed because tho subjects consisted of moral reasoning in praise of virtuo and condemnation of vico. Tho dialogues were carried on by such characters as Good Doctrine, Charily, Faith, Prudence, Discretion, Deatii, and tho like, whoso dis courses wero of a serious cast ; while the province of making merriment for tho spectators descended from tho Devil in tho Mystery, to the Vico or Iniquity of tho Morality, who usually personified some bad quality ; and ovon when the regular tragedies and comedies wero introduced, we may trace tho descendants of this fucetious parsonage in tho clowns and fools by which they wero so frequently disgraced. That this motley fool should be admitted into the finest tragedies of Shakspearc, only proves how indispcnsablo it had been rendered by the false tuste of tho age. Something of design, however, appeared in the Moralities : there was a fable and a moral ; a sprinkling also of poetry ; but not unfrequently thoy woro still devoted to purposes of religion, which was then the paramount object of attention. In the more early days of the Reformation it was so common for tho partisans of tho old doctrines (und perhaps also of the new) to defend and illustrate their tenpnts by dramatic representations, that in tho 24th of Henry VIII., in an act of parliament mado for tho promoting of true religion, we find a clauso restraining all rimors or players from singing in songs, or playing in interludes, anything that should contradict tho established doctrines. It was also customary at this time to act those moral and religious dramas in private houses for tho edification and improvement, as well as tho diversions of well-disposed families, for which purpose the appearance or tho dramatis personae was so regulated, that five or six actors might represent twenty characters. A more particular knowledge of these performances, any further .than as it servos to show tho turn and genius, of. our ancestors, and tho progressive refinement of our language is so little desirable, that the loss of tho materials which might furnish fuller information is hardly to bo re gretted. Even at tho time when these mysteries and moralities were in vogue, there wore secular plays and interludes acted' by strolling companies, composed, of minstrels, jugglers, tumblers, dancers, jesters, and similar per formers, whose exhibitions, were much relished, not only by tho vulgar, but by the gentry and nobility.- Tho courts of the kings of England, and the castles of tho barons, were crowded with' those itinerants, who were well received' and handsomely rewarded, to tho great an noyance of their clerical rivals, who endeavoured to bring them into disgrace, by inveighing against the filthiness and immorality of their performances, re proaches which seem to have been but too well merited. There existed, then, in Europe, at tho opening of tho sixteenth century, two distinct species of drama ; tho one * Printed in Hawkins's Origin of tho English Drama. _;;«??. formed upon the ancient classic model, and confined, like the sacred dialect of the Egyptian priests, to men of 'learning; tho other moroly popular, and of a Gothic original, but capable of great improvement, which now 'began to 'manifest itself. Being intended to divert as woll as instruct the populace, tho moralities contained a good portion of drollery and humour, with some rude attempts at wit, which naturally led the way for comedy. The first dramatic piece deserving this name was Gram mar Gurton's Needle, written in 1551, and said, in the old title pages, to be 'made by Mr. S ? , master of arts, and played on the stage in Christ's College, in Cambridge.' There is a vein of familiar humour in this play, and a 'kind of grotesque imagery, not unlike some parts of Aristophanes, but without those graces of language and metre for which the Greek comedian was eminently distinguished. Tho prevailing turn for drollery was so strong, that in order to gratify it, oven in tho moro serion* and solemn scenes, it was still necessary to retain 'the Vice or Buffoon; who, like his contemporary, the privileged fool, was to enter tho most august presence, and vent his humour without restraint. Shakspeare's clowns, as we have already intimated, were successors of the old Vice, and our modern Punch may be deemed a representative of the same personage in dumb show; We 'have a specimen of the former character in the old play ' of Cambyses, where Ambidexter, who is - expressly called the Vice, enters with an old capcase for a helmet, and a skimmer for his sword, in order, as the author expresses it, 'to make pastime ' -After these moralities come what are termed inter ludes, which made some approaches to wit and humour. -Many of them were written by John Heywood, jester to 'Henry VIII. Moralities, however, were still occasionally exhibited; one of them, entitled The' New Custom,- was printed so late as 1573. At length, after various modifi cations and improvements, they assumed the name of masques, which, in tho reign of Elizabeth and' her 'successor, became tho favourite entertainments of . tho cOUrt. Now might the dramatic -muse be said to be fairly awake, for in tho reign of Henry VIII., we appear to have had several writers of comedy. Richard Edwards, bora in 1523, being both an excellent musician and a good poet, wrote two comedies, one called Palemon and Arcyte, in which we are told a cry of hounds in hunting was so well imitated that tho audience were extremely delighted: tho other was termed Damon and Pythias. ' Soon after comedy had appeared, tragedy began likewise to bo revived, but it was only among tho more refined soholars that it at first retained any resemblance to tbo classic model. For tho more popular audience it was ' debased with ' an intermixture of low, gross humour, which long continued under tho name of tragi-comedy. ' Our ' poets were mostly content to imitate tho old mysteries, in giving only a tissue of interesting events, without any artful conduct of the fable, and without tho least regard to the three great unities. These composi tions they called histories, and they would probably have long continued tho only specimens of our heroic ' drama, -if a few persons of more refined taste had not introduced legitimate tragedy in the ancient form, intended at first for private and learned audiences at the inns of aourt, or tho universities. It was for a grand Christmas solemnity at tho Inner Temple in 1501, that tho tragedy of Ferrex -and Porrex was composed by Thomas Sackville, after wards Lord Buckhurst, assisted by Thomas Norton. As a favourable speimon of this production we extraot tho lines in which Prince Ferrex imprecates curses on himself, if he ever meant ill to his brother Porrex. Tho wrekeful gods pour on my cursed hede Eternal plagues, and never dying wars ! The hellish prince adjust my dampened ghoste To Tantal's thirst' or proud Ixion's Wheel, Or cruel gripe to gnawe my growing harte, To durynge torments and unquenched flames, ' If ever I conceiued so frale a thought, To wish his end of life, or yet of reign. ' This play, the first dramatic piece of any consideration ' in tho English language, is not void of blemishes ; bat (h» language is in general dignified and perspicuous, some Of the speeches are genuine specimens of English eloquence, -and tho account of Porrex's death is very much in the manner of the ancients. It wus a model which our first dramatic writers would have done well to follow ; but u they unfortunately aimed no higher than at present applause and profit, they wero contont to pander to the taste of a rudo and ignorant audience, and the theatres continued to exhibit pieces much more in tho Gothic form, than according to tho chaste models of antiquity. How imperfect thoy were in all dramatic art, appear! from an excellent criticism of Sir Philip Sidney on the writers of this period, who, however, instead of benefiting by his advice, endeavoured to render their pieces as attractive as possible, by adorning them with dumb shows, choruses, and other devices. In spite of all defects, we : had made a far better progress at this time than onr neighbours, the French ; and were at least upon a footing with tho other nations of Europe. About tho year 1580, The Spanish Tragedy was written by Kycf, and Soliman and Persida seems to hare been composed by tho same author. Though not entirely froo from pedantry and affectation, a fino spirit runs through these productions, and tho character of Basillsco is very well supported; and, if Kyd's play was acted before Shakspeare's Henry IV., (for they were both printed in the same year, 1599), it should seem to be the original of Falstaff. These tragedies are written in blank verse, intermixed with some passages in rhyme, whore we sometimes find a smooth couplet not unworthy of Drydon, as — ? ' -, \- - Where bloody furies shake their whips of steel, And poor Ixion turns an endless wheel. ' About tho close of the sixteenth century a sacred ! subject was again delivered in the dramatic form — the story of David and Absalom being wrought into a tragedy by Goorgo Peeloj a very ingenious writor and a flowery- poet. This piece abounds in luxuriant de scriptions and fino imagery, tho author's genius seeming to havn beon kindled by reading tho Prophnta and tho Song of Solomon. Ho calls lightning by a metaphor worthy' of iEschylus— ' tho spouse of thunder with bright and fiery wings :' nor is his description of Datid less worthy of admiration : - Beauteous and' bright ho is, among tho tribes — As when the Bun,- atlir'd in glittering robes, Comes dancing from his oriental gate, ? , And, brldegroom- Hko, hiirto thro4 the gloomy «r His radiant beams. Thoro nro many passages in this T-tay 'of -which M«'01} need not havo boen ashamed, and which, perhaps, he had read with pleasure, especially the Prologue, which is the rogular exordium of an epic poem. Such Was the stato of tho English theatre, when all at onoo tho truo drama received birth and perfection from tho creative genius of Shakspeare, Fletcher, Ben Johnson, and' others, upon whose merits it in unneces sary to enlarge. The- former, in particular, by the charms of his versification, tho beauty of his speech' and descriptions, and tbo surprising vigour of his original and unassisted genius, exalted the English stage to be high a degree of perfection, that it rivals or turpwses the classic models of anoient Greece and Rome. But though he outshines all his contemporaries, he has not altogether extinguished them. Enough of their productions remains to prove that they constituted a very brilliant and wido-spread gallery of dramatic talent. 'Ho overlooks and commands the admiration of pos terity,' says an admirable critic ;* ' but he does it from the table-land of the age in which he lived. He towers above bis fellows 'in shape and gesture prou-ily eminent;* but he was one of a race of giants, the tallest, the strongest, the most graceful, and beautiful of them ; but it was a common brood. If wn allow, for nrgumont's sake, that ho was in himself equal to all his competitors Sut together, yet there was more dramatic excellence in tat age than in the whole of the period that bits elapsed since. If his contemporaries with their united strength would hardly make one Shakspeare, certain it is that all his successors would not make half a one. With the exception of a single writer, Otway, and of a single piny of his (Venice Preserved', there is nobody in tragedy and dramatic poetry (I do not here speak of comedy) to be compared to the great men of the ape of Shnkspearo, and immediately after. They are a mighty phalanx of kindred spirits, closing him round, moving in the satno orbit, and impelled by the same causes in their whirling' and pecontric career. The sweetness of Decker, the \- thought of Marston, the gravity of Chapman, the grace, of Fletcher and his young-eyed wit, Jonson's learned sock, the flowing vein of Middleton, Heywood's ense, the pathos of Webster, and Mnrlow's doep designs, add a donblo lustre to tho sweetness, thought, gravity, grace, wit, artless nature, copiousness, ease, pathos, and sublime conceptions, of Shakspeare's muse. For such an extra ordinary combination and development of fancy and genius, many causes may be assigned ; and we may seok for the chief of them in religion, in politics, in the cir cumstances of the time, the recent diffusion of letters — in local situation, and in tho character of tho mon .who adorned that period, and availed themselves so nobly of the advantages placed within their reach.' , This was indeed a dramatic era, since the writers for the stage, numerous and fertile as they were beyond nil precedent, seem to have boon hardly able to supply the demands of a people who must have been almost uni versally devoted to the entertainments of the stage, if we are to judgo by tho number of playhouses then supported in London. From tho yenr 1570 to tho year 1G21-, no loss than seventeen had been built; and as tho theatres ?woro so numerous, tho companies of players were in proportion. Besides tho children of tho chapel, and of the revels, wo are told that Queon Elizabeth established, in handsome salaries; twelve of tho principal playors of that time, who went undor tho name of her majesty's comedians and servants. Exclusively of thoso, many noblomon retained companies of players, who performed not only in their lords' houses, but publicly under their license and protection. Abuse soon flowed from this universal and unrestricted indulgence in tho pleasures of tho stage. Tho great inns, bolng converted into temporary theatres, became tho soonoB of much scandalous ribaldry and shameless dissipa tion, of which Stow has loft us a record in his Sunver ov, London. Speaking of the stago ho says, ' This, which was onco a recreation, and used therefore now and then occasionally, afterwards, by nbuse, bouumo a trade and calling, ana so remains to this day. In those former days ingenious tradoBmen and gentlemen's servants would Botnotlmps gather a company of themselves, and loarn interludes, to expose vice, or to represent tho noblo actions of our ancestors. These they pluyed at festivals, in private houseB, at weddings, or other ontertuinmenU ; * The luto Mr. Hazlitt, in his Locturo on Dramatic LUomturPj.p. 8. ?*????' ? ' - ?' ? ''j& . -». but in process of time it became an occupation : and those plays being commonly acted on Sundays or festivals, the churches were forsaken and tho playhouses thronged. Great inns were used for 'this purpose, which had secret chambers and places, as well as open stages and galleries. Here maids and good citizen's children were inveigled and allured to private and unmeet contracts ; here were publicly uttered popular and seditious matters, unchaste, uncomly, and shameful speeches, and many other enormities. The consideration of these things occasioned, in 1574, Sir James Hawes being mayor, an act of Common Council, in which it was ordained, That no play should be openly acted within the liberty of tho city, wherein* should be uttered any words, examples, or doings of any unchastity, sedition, or such like unfit and uncomely matter, under tho penalty of five pounds, and fourteen days' imprisonment : that no play should be acted till first permitted and allowed by tho lord mayor and court of aldermen ; with many other restrictions. But those orders were not so well observed as they should be; the lewd matters of plays increased, and they were thought dangerous to religion, tho state, honesty, and manners, and also for infection in tho time of sickness: wherefore they were afterwards for some time totally suppressed ; but upon application to tho queen and council, they were again tolerated, under the following restrictions 'That no plays be acted on Sundays at all, nor on any holiday till after evening prayer ; that no playing be in the dark, nor continue any such time but as any of the auditors may return to their dwellings before sunset, or, at least; before it be dark, &c.;' But all those proscriptions were not sufficient to keep them within due bounds, but their plays, so abusive oftentimes of virtue, or particular persons, gave great offence, and occasioned many dis turbances) when they were now and then stopped and prohibited. 