CHAPTER III. ' The Widow Mouser, with* strange perversity, or stranger ignorance, would or could not perceive tbe possibility of any connexion between her fended cnineas and the 'ruddy drops'' that vitltW tho heart of Von -Boots. In her homespun opinion, gold could not bo ennobled — a guinoa carried -with' it innate nobility ; with her, Flutus was beyond the gifts of Herald's- College. Honco, when the Baron Valhallah Von -Boots, descendant of the Sea Kingi, - spoke of his blood, ho conveyed to the sense of3Ir«, -Mouser nothing more than a barren truism ; he might as well have proclaimed himself the po«se»sor of two armfl and tho same jiumbor of legs, in the oxpoctation of boitig oinbrncod as a prodigy ; all men, in'the belief of Mrs. Mouser, had blood ; and, if sho had any ohoico in tho quality of the 'wine of life, it was certainly in favour of a more recontvvintage than that -flowing in tho veins of Von Boots. She, therefore, received tho declaration of tho Baron with the most placid insonaibility, happily lost upon Von Boots, too much rapt by. a sense of his own importance to porceive tho defeots of others. Ho had received from fate an unpurchasablo glorv—no carried in his pulses a treasure not to be equalled by . the wealth of mines, or by tho riches of tho deep— of.greator wealth than;gold,. costlier far than oriental pom-Is— and yet, for tho simple consideration of bed, board, and lodging on a handsome scale, the said small advantages solemnly nssurod to him by a priest, ho had persuaded himself to offer a partiojpa tion of Iiis greatness to— yes, tho duughtor ot a trunk-maker, and widow of a dusty money-dhangor I Was it possible, then, that tho Baron Von BootB could dream of a rofusal oven in tho vagaries that enter tho brains of sloeping men, could he imngino : n repulse? Wton -he fell at the feet of Mrs. Mousor, ' be knelt only to.ris* a conqueror ! . ? ? . Mrs. Agatha. Mousec — tha first ilijjht tremor past —withstood the passionate fervor of Von Boots with, all tliO' coolness »? thrice-wooed widow. Tho Baron ' gazed with a keen* admiring, yet languishing ex- . pression — casting a look upon the lady like that thrown by a schoolboy through the window of a cake-shop ; a look of love, and yet a look devouring. 'The widow was about to speak, when, catching the ' eye of Von Boots, she burst into a vehement laugh. The Baron felt the blood tingle in his cheek as he gazed upon the open mouth — ' with all its pearU ','. complete'1 — of the merry Agatha : she is evidently a mirthful, volatile creature, thought Von Boots, and with the thought he called up a look of deeper moaning, — of such earnost significance, that the widow became upon the instant serious, and with ?porn at her lip, and anger in hor eyes, she tore her hand from the melting grasp of her lovor, putting it to the unbiased opinion of the Baron Valhallah Von Boots to answer this searching query — ' Is tho man mad; or is ho but a fool ?' A mine sprung from beneath the knees' of 'Von Boots could not have made him jump from the , carpet so quickly as tho question of the widow. What ho thought to speak — what he thought to do,' —or, whether,, indeed1, in the uproar of his feelings, in the astonishment that paralysed him, he was capable of any thought whatever, we feel it to be -a most difficult and delicate matter to deoide. How ever, from the known character of the Baron, wo may venture to assert that he would have said' or done something very terrible, had not his bosom friend, and most intimate creditor, Philip Neatskin, at that moment entered the room! ' ' That the Spartan boy should have cracked hazel nuts whilst the fox was dining off his viscera, wo hold' to be a very poor instance of the triumph of more will over physical agony, compared to the awful compoBuro acted by the Baron Von Boots on the appearance of his friend : the demon rago, begotten by despised love, was tearing into little pieces tho rejected' heart of Von BootB — Gupid, more cruel, as more cunning than ten foxeB, struck at. his liver, — and yet, crown him, ye- stoics ( tho Baron smiled, and waved his hand most courteously towards tho new-comer. ' ? ' '? 'Eh! what's tho matter?' cried Neatskin ; passing the Baron, and, full of tho tenderest concern, making up to tho widow;, who, no sooner saw a third party enter. tho room, than she lot fall at least two tears. '.' Agatha, what's tho matter?'' inquired Noatskin, and tho words, like' rod-hod needles, entered, the heart of Boots; Nentikin, his. friond' and creditor, was his rival!' The monster jealousy' may.havo green eyes, but sure we aro it1 has u black . face.; Von Boots, with tho 'sudden- paBsion, was1 blaokas'NoxJ' «-' '. ' : ? .; 'These impertinences must he ended,'1 said' Mrs. Mousor : 'can I' have no rest until I tuko shelter, in a church?'' , 'Boots,' said, Neatskin shortly, and tho. Baron, firing. at tho.ignominous abbreviation, and marching up to the clipper of his name, bis'- bosom dilating like, the crop of a pouter pigeon, the ? descendant of tho. Sea Icings thundered-^-' Barqtr Valhallah Von' Boots at ypur service.' -?-? .-. ? ? ' ,-. -. . - .' What is all this ?' asked -Nentskin, in a tono that forcibly brought' to tho recollection of the Baronl his late: loan 'of a hundred pounds. Neatskin spoifo not- so much like a rival, as a creditor. ' ' What is ? all this ?' he repeated. ; ; '» ?«? I .tink, Mr. Neatskin,'' answered the Baron, with grim, politeness; ' I have already told you'.'? ' Why, you never mean that this was the lady*, .who— who — ??' and Noatakin stammered. r'\ ?- - ' Ihavo.de blood,'* said Von Boots, 'Blood! — A ' fiddlestick for your blood! .. TPbu must please to remomber, 'Mr. Baron, that I have, pretensions hero,, and, moroovor, romomber that — '' \- '-Pardon me,'' said the. Baron with real politonosu, his heart thumping at his waistcoat, and his eyes ' burning like glow-worms, ' I tink I know what you would say — I do remomber — I shall not forget ;' and, with, theso words, significantly spoken,, the. Baron, looked .'at his now beaver and rufflos; purr chased ?' by the monoy borrowed of his rival. .' J Bhall not forgot, Mr. Noatskin,' repoated the Baron with* all. tho dignity of a true' gentleman, «' and .you';'' will. please to' romombor that whatever iyou have to - Bay. to dat lady, I shall bo found, to have do blood.''. . With the vory best bow of which the Baron was capablo, he thon turned from the room, and sought his: lowly lodging. The Baron sank in his ono rush-bottomed chair,, and,. though at the- ripe age of fifty-eight, felt that he could weep liko a child! Ho dashed down his now beaver, and springing up, jumped upon it — his right-hand nails wore fi'xod in his left, ruftlo, and_ threatened instant dilacoration, when, a lato. prudence — for it might have. interfered to snvo tho , damaged hat. withheld the* Baron's arm. To crush a beaver, that '.should bo worn in its nowest gloss'— to rend Brussels lace— was not tho readiest way to pay, for either article. Noutskin , was his rival— his insulting rival; as such,, must answer, him. . NeutBkin was his creditor-^his. con temptuous creditor ; as such the Baron must answer him. ;. It. was' easy for Von Boots to send a challengo ? — not so easy to send an hundred pounds! And,, with this thought,, a sense of humiliating obligation steeped the Baron in a cold sweat. Again, with. ' malignant oyo, ho glanced at the unoffending hat ? - again, with uncertain fingers,, played among the threads of liis loft ruffle. What' was to bo done ?; Tho lawB of honour— tho custom of society, - would not pormit him to challenge his creditor.. Whoro was, ho to obtain sovon-and-thirty pounds/ for bo , much - had he already expended . out of the fatal hundred ? Misorablo wretch! Was thore.no rich,, holploss man that ho could rob? No - 'shopkeeper ? that' he could cheat of goods to the .amount— nobody' upon whom- ho could oven. commit a forgery for. the sum, -that ho might triumphnntly return tho ;monoy to hia loathsome rival, and so roceivo tho'satisfaotlon of a gontleman ? Such, in tho hurricano of* his feelings, woro tho wild, fitful thoughts of tho Duron Von Boots. How ho writhed in: his new cambric shirt, bought with tho damning gold pf Neatskin ! The shirt, of- Nossus- — tlio truth of the-allogoi'y for the first time flashed noross tho Baron 'B'inind — was'OBliirt not paid'for ! Ho stampodi hiB foot'Juponi the floor, mad' with his wounded: honour:, again ho stamped, and tosh third time- about to. smite the unourpotod deal boards, whon ho: was surprised'bytlie' thin,, sharp voice of his. land /- - ,- ? Jafly outside tlio door, brought thoro by tho summons, inquiring 'if ho wanted anything? ' ' Nothing— nothing at nil,', answered tho Baron, with vivacity, .and jumping up, ho ran down stairs, and standing in tho Btroot, looked above, bolow, about him, for sovtm-ahd-thirty pounds! Wretched Baron Vulhallah Von Boots! Vain jwero thy looks — rain thy speculations, as faces- ad vanced upon and passed thou ! No — thoro was no ono.set of benevolent features in which thou couldst espy a chivalrous sympathy for u man blooding at a thousand pores for only sovon-and-thirty pounds, Not a siuglo passenger couldst thou detect with yisago .promising oil to thy wounds : evory faoo lookud hard and stony — tho good men of tho earth were, it was plain, all within doors, and none, savo vulgar, morconary calculators, walked the streets. This disappointment was felt tho more acutoly by tho unfortunute Baron, from his firm conviction Unit there were thousands, ay, it might bo, tens of thousands of sons of honour, who would rush to aid him in his little diloinma, could thoy bo mado to know it — could he only know their names and dwelling-places ! As it was, he Boomed doomed like a restless ghost, to walk the earth, with the insult to Noatskin blooming on him, it not boing permitted by tho code of honour to borrow money of a -man, and tho money yet unpaid, to cut his throat as a receipt in full. Tho Baron groaned in bittor noss of spirit, and was about to return to fais un ostentatious cabin, when a thought direct from ' Morcury, or somo such, invontivogod, flashed through the' Baron's. brain, and irradiated the Baron's coun tenance. 'There was away — with tnoderato luck, a glorious way to snatch revenge. Ho would stako oil apon, tho one golden chance: Fortune, though blind, would tako pity on tho feelings of a gentleman, and at .least givo him the opportunity of living, or being buried, like a man of honour.' Erect was tho lioad — elastic tho step of the Baron Valhnllah Von Boots, as. ennobled, sublimated by this thought, be took his way to a gaining houso. Now, granting that the Baron won the balance — that luck attended him, making up tho hundred pounds — ho might only win to loao the greatest stako that poor humanity play for. To lose, with Von Boots, was to bo as sured of a gain — to win, was to risk the loss of* all.' If fortune smiled, a cypress wreath, might be. her gift. Was it rcully a wuiter, or was it death him self, that smilingly bowed to the Baron, as he entered tlio Hall of Chance, and took from him his hat and walking-cano ? r . , ?'?'.' ' Winding sheets grow about the candles, as tho Baron '^on Boots hovored round tho table. He saw thorn not, olso ho had recoivod them as gladdening omens of his destiny. The Baron seized' tho dice box. . ' ?' ; ' ' ' ''._''! ['''' '','.; ' :' ''; ' ; 'Honour! thou blood-stained god, at whoso rcialtar . '-. '. ,Slt war and homlcido 1' — ,,r ??? ',' _,. Didst thou not smile grimly on thy Boots, seeing him cast sixes? Again tho Buron threw, but this time lost — again and again, ho staked and won not. Honour and Fortune played tho game, and Honour, still throw deuce ace. The Baron,' reduced- to his' last five guineas, bocamo almost desperate..-' Jf ho, lost them he had nought to do but to slink homo, goto, bod and sloop, — -distracting thought, until any. hour' to-morrow ;— rif he won, — if he recovered himself— if he pocketed the full ono hundred pounds — delightful, glorious prospect? — an hour after duy light, rapier in hand, ha might be tilting at his bosom friend. Honour cogged the dice ! The Baron — be the story brief — taking his bat and cane from the servant, dosconded the steps of the Temple the winner of full fifty guineas : enough to pay back tho hundred to his rival, and more than enough to fee a surgeon; lire Baron Von Boots slid between the sheets, he poiinod and sent a challenge, and with it the hundred pounds to Phillip Noatskin. 