I LIFE AND ADVENTURES I Of I MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT. I BY C. BZCKEOTS, Esq. i continued from our last. I CHAPTER V. i containing a full account of the installation i of mr. Pecksniff's new pupil into the bosom i of mb. peck8niff's family. "with all the I festivities held on that occasion, and the I great enjoyment of mr. pinch. I Tom Pinch went on; not fast, but with I a sense of rapid motion, which did just as well ; and as he went, all kinds of things occurred to keep him happy. Thus when he came within sight of the turnpike, and was — Oh a long way off! — he saw the toll man's wife, who had. that moment checked a waggon, run back into the little house again like mad, to say (she knew) that Mr. Pinch was coming up. And she was Tight, for when he drew within hail of the gate, forth rushed the tollman's children, shrieking in tiny chorus, " Mr. Pinch !" — to Tom's intense delight. The very tollman, though an ugly chap in general, and one whom folks were rather shy of handling, came out himself to take the toll, and give him a rough good morning ; and what with all this, and a glimpse of the family break fast on a little round table before the fire, the crust Tom Pinch had brought away with him acquired as rich a flavour as though it had been cut from off a fairy loaf. But there was more than this. It was not only the married people and the chil dren who gave Tom Pinch a welcome as he passed. No, no. Sparkling eyes and snowy breasts came hurriedly to many an upper casement as he clattered by, and gave him back his greeting: not stinted either, but sevenfold, good measure. They were all merry. They all laughed. And some of the wickedest among them even kissed their hands as Tom looked back. — For who minded poor Mr. Pinch ? There was no harm in him. And now the morning grew so fair, and all things were so wide awake and gay, that the sun seeming to say — Tom had no doubt he said — "I can't stand it any longer; I must have a look" — streamed out in radi ant majesty. The mist, too shy and gentle for such lusty company, fled off, quite scared, before it ; and as it swept away, the hills and mounds and distant pasture lands, teeming with placid sheep and noisy crows, came out as bright as though they were unrolled bran new for the occasion. In compliment to which discovery, the brook stood still no longer, but ran briskly off to bear the tidings to the water-mill, three miles away. Mr. Pinch was jogging along, foil of pleasant thoughts and cheerful influences, when he saw, on the path before him, go ing in the same direction with himself, a traveller on foot, who walked with a light, quick step, and sang as he went — for cer tain in a very loud voice, but not unmusi cally. He was a fine young fellow, o£some five or six-and-twenty perhaps, and was drest in such a free and fly-away fashion, that the long ends of his loose red neck cloth were streaming out behind him quite as often as before ; and the bunch of bright winter berries in the button-hole of his vel veteen coat, was as visible to Mr. Pinch's Tearward observation, as if he had worn that garment wrong side foremost. He continued to sing with so much energy, that he did not hear the sound of wheels until it was close behind him ; when lie turned a whimsical face and very merry pair of blue eyes on Mr. Pinch, and checked himself directly. " Why, Mark !" said Tom Pinch, stop ping, " wou'd have thought of seeing you here ? Well, this is surprising !" Mark touched his hat, and said, with a very sudden decrease of vivacity, that lie was going to Salisbury. " And how ,spruce you are, too !" said Mr. Pinch, surveying him with great plea sure. " Really I didn't think you were half such a tight-made fellow, Mark." "Thankee, Mr. Pinch. Pretty well for that, I believe. It's not my fault, you know. With regard to being spruce, sir, that's where it is, you see." And here he looked particularly gloomy. " WTiere what is ?" demanded Mr. Pinch. " Where the aggravation of it is. Any man may be in good spirits and good tem per when lie's well drest. There ain't much credit in that. If I was very ragged and very jolly, then I should begin to feel I had gained a point, Mr. Pinch." " So you were singing just now, to bear up, as it were, against being well dressed, eh, Mark ?" said Pinch. " Your conversation's always equal to print, sir," rejoined Mark with a broad grin. " That was it." "Well!" cried Pinch, "you are the strangest young man, Mark, I ever knew in my life. I always thought so; but now I am quite certain of it. I am going to Salisbury, too. Will you get in ? I shall be very glad of your company." The young fellow made his acknowledg ments and accepted the offer; stepping into the carriage directly, and seating him self on the very edge of the seat with his body half out of it, to express his being there on sufferance, and by the politeness of Mr. Pinch. As they went along the conversation proceeded after this manner. " I more than half believed, just now, seeing you so very smart," said Pinch, " that you must be going to be married, Mark." " Well, sir, I've thought of that, too," he replied. " There might be some credit in being jolly with a wife, 'specially if the children had the measles and that, and was very fractious indeed. But I'm a'most afraid to try it. I don't see my way eleai.'' " You're not very fond of anybody, per haps?" said Pinch. "Not particular, sir, I think." " But the way would be, you know, Mark, according to your views of things," said Mr. Pinch, " to marry somebody you didn't like, and who was very disagree able." " So it would, sir, but that might be carrying out a principle a little too far, mightn't it?" "Perhaps it might," said Mr. Pinch. At which they both laughed gaily. " Lord bless you, sir," said Mark, "you don't half know me, though. I don't be lieve there ever was a man as could come out so strong under circumstances that would make other men miserable, as I could, If I could only get a chance. But I can't get a chance. It's my opinion, that nobody never will know half of what's in me, un less something very unexpected turns up. And I don't see any prospect of that. I'm going to leave the Dragon, sir." "Going to leave the Dragon!" cried Mr. Pinch, looking at him with, great astonishment. "Why, Mark, you take my breath away!" " Yes, sir," he rejoined, looking straight before him and a long way off, as men do sometimes when they cogitate profoundly. " What's the use of my stopping at the Dragon ? It an't at all the sort of place for me. When I left London (I'm a Kentish man by birth, though), and took that siti- vation here, I quite made up mv mind that it was the dullest little out-of-the-way corner in England, and that there would be some credit in being jolly under such cir cumstances. But, Lord, there's no dulness at the Dragon ! Skittles, cricket, quoits, nine-pins, comic songs, choruses, company round the chimney corner every winter's evening — any man could be jolly at the Dragon. There's no credit in that ." But if common report be true for once, Mark, as I think it is, being able to con firm it by what I know myself," said Mr. Pinch, " you are the cause of half this merriment, and set it going." " There may be something in that, too, sir," answered Mark. " But that's no consolation." "Well," said Mr. Pinch, after a short silence, his usually subdued tone being even more subdued than ever. " I can hardly think enough of what you tell me. Why, what will become of Mrs. Lupin, Mark?" Mark looked more fixedly before him, and further off still, as he answered that he didn't suppose it would be much of an object to her. There were plenty of smart young fellows as would be glad of the place. He knew a dozen himself. " That's probable enough,'' said Mr. Pinch, " but I am not at all sure that Mrs. Lupin would be glad of them. Why, 1 always supposed that Mrs. Lupin and you would make a match of it, Mark : and so did every one, so far as I know." ." I never," Mark replied, in some con fusion, " said nothing as was in a direct way courting-like to her, nor she to me, but I don't know what I mightn't do one of these odd times, and what she mightn't say in answer. Well, sir, that wouldn't suit." " Not to be landlord ' of the Dragon, Mark ?" cried Mr. Pinch. "No sir, certainly not," returned the other, withdrawing his gaze from the hori zon, and looking at his fellow-traveller milium 1 1 '11111,1 1... "Why that would be the ruin of a man like me. I go and sit down comfortably for life, and no man never finds me out. What would be the credit of the landlord of the Dragon's being jolly? why lie couldn't help it, if he tried." " Does Mrs. Lupin know you are going to leave her ?" Mr. Pinch enquired. " I haven't broke it to her yet, sir, -but I must. I'm looking out this morning for something new and suitable," he said, nodd ing towards the city. "What kind of thing now?" Mr. Pinch demanded. " I was thinking," Mark replied, " of something in the grave-digging why.'' " Good gracious Mark 1" cried Mr. Pinch. ' ' It's a good damp, wormy sort of busi ness, sir," said Mark, shaking his head, arguihentatively, " and there might be some credit in being jolly, with one's mind in that pursuit, unless grave- diggers is usually given that way ; which would be a drawback. You don't happen to know how that is, in general, do you, sir ?" " No," said Mr. Pinch, "I don't indeed. I never thought upon the subject." " In case of that not turning .out as well as one could wish, you know," said- Mark, musing again, " there's other businesses. Undertaking now. That's gloomy. There might be credit to be gained there. A broker's man in a poor neighbourhood wouldn't be bad perhaps. . A jailer sees a deal of misery. A doctor's man is in the very midst of murder. A bailiff's an't a lively office nat'rally. Even a tax- gatherer must find his feelings rather worked upon, at times. There's Tots of trades, in which I should have an opportunity, I think ?" Mr. Pinch was so perfectly overwhelmed by these remarks that he could do nothing but occasionally exchange a word or two on some indifferent subject, and cast side long glances at the bright face of his odd fiiend (who seemed quite unconscious of his observation), until they reached a cer tain corner of the road, close upon the out skirts of the city, when Mark said he would jump down there, if he pleased. " But bless my soul, Mark," said Mr Pinch, who in the progress of his observa tion just then made the discovery that the bosom of his companion's shirt was as much exposed as if it were midsummer, and was ruffled by every breath of air, " why don't you wear a waistcoat?" " What's the good of one, sir ?" asked Mark. " Good of one?" said Mr. Pinch. "Why, to keep your chest warm." " Lord love you, sir!" cried mark, " you don't know me. My chest don't want no warming. Even if it did, what would no waistcoat bring it too? Inflammation of the. lungs, perhaps? Well, there'd be some credit in being jolly, .with an inflam mation of the lungs." As Mr. Pinch returned no other answer than such as was conveyed in his drawing his breath very hard, and opening his eyes very wide, and nodding his head very much, Mark thanked him for his ride, and without troubling him to stop, jumped lightly down. And away he fluttered, with his red neck- herchief, and his open coat, down a cross lane : turning back from time to time to nod to Mr. Pinch, and looking one of the most careless, good-humoured, comical fellows in life. His late companion, with a thoughtful face, pursued his way to Salisbury. Mr. Pinch had a shrewd notion that Salisbury was a very desperate sort of place ; an exceeding wild and dissipated city ; and when he had put up the horse, and given the ostler to understand that he would look in again in the course of an hour or two to see him take his corn, he set forth on a stroll about the streets with a vague and not unpleasant idea that they teemed with all kinds of mystery and bedevilment. To one of his quiet habits this little delusion was greatly assisted by the circumstance of its being market-day, and the thorough fares about the market-place being filled with carts, horses, donkeys, baskets, wag gons, garden-stuff, meat, tripe, pies, poultry, and hucksters' ware of every "opposite de scription and possible variety of character. Then there were young farmers and old farmers, with smock frocks, brown great- UUULS, uruu greai-uuciiSj ACU WUISUJU uuiu- forters, leather-leggings, wonderftil shaped hats, hunting-whips, and rough sticks, standing about in groups, or talking noisily together on the tavern steps, or paying and receiving large amounts of greasy wealth, with the assistance of such bulky pocket- books that when they were in their pockets it was apoplexy to get them out, and when they were out, it was spasms to get them in again. Also there were farmer's wives in beaver bonnets and red cloaks, riding shaggy horses purged of all earthly pas sions, who went soberly into all manner of places without desiring to know why, and who, if required, would have stood stock still in a china shop with a complete dinner service at each hoof. Also a great many dogs, who were- strongly interested in the state of the market and the bargains of their masters ; and a great confusion of tongues, both brute and human. Mr. Pinch regarded everything exposed for sale with, great delight, and was parti cularly struck by the itinerant cutlery, which he considered of the very keenest kind, inasmuch that he purchased a pocket knife with seven blades in it, and not a cut (as he afterwards found out) among them. When he had exhausted the market-place, and watched the farmers safe into the mar ket dinner, he went back to look after the horse. Having seen him eat unto his heart's content, he issued forth again, to wander round the town and regale himself with the shop windows ; previously taking a long stare at the bank, and wondering in what direction under-ground, the caverns might be, where they kept the money ; and turn ing to look back at one or two young men who passed him, whom he knew to be arti cled to solicitors in the town, and who had a sort of fearful interest in .his eyes, as jolly dogs who know a thing or two, and kept it up tremendously. But the shops. First of, all, there were the jewellers' shops, with all the treasures of the earth displayed therein, and such large silver watches hanging up in every pane of plass, that if they were anything but first-rate goers it certainly was not be cause the works could decently complain of want of room. In good sooth they were big enough, and perhaps, as the saying is, ugly enough, to be the most correct of all mechanical performers ; in Mr. Pinch's eyes, however, they were smaller than Ge neva ware; and when he saw one very bloated watch announced as a repeater, gifted with the Uncommon power of strik ing every quarter of an hour iuside the pocket of its happy owner, hffalmost wished that he were rich enough to buy it. But what were even gold and silver, precious stones and clockwork to the book shops, whence a pleasant smell of paper freshly pressed came issuing forth, awaken ing instant recollections of some new gram mar-had at school, long time ago, with "Master Pinch, Grove House Academy," inscribed in faultless writing on the fly leaf? That whiff of Russia leather, too, and all those rows on rows of volumes, neatly ranged within,— what happiness did they suggest ! And in the window were the spick- and-span new works from London, with the title-pages, and sometimes even the first page of the first chapter, laid wide open; tempting unwary men to begin to read the book, and then, in, the impossibi lity of turning over, to rush blindly in, and buy it ! Here too were the dainty frontis piece and trim vignette, pointing like band posts on the outskirts of great cities to the rich stock of incident beyond ; and store of books, with many a grave portrait and time-honoured name, whose matter he knew well, and would have given mines to have, in any form, upon the shelf beside his bed at Mr. Pecksniff's. What a heart-break ing shop it was ! There was another ; not quite so bad at first, but still a trying. shop; where chil dren's books were" sold, and where poor Robinson Crusoe stood alone in his might, with dog and hatchet, goat-skin cap and fowling-piece ; calmly surveying Phillip Quarl and the host of imitators round him, and calling Mr. Pinch to witness that he, of all the crowd, impressed one solitary foot print on theshoreof boyishmemory, whereof the tread of generations should not stir the lightest grain of sand. And there too were the Persian Tales, with flying chests, and students of enchanted books shut up for years in caverns; and there too was Abudah, the merchant, with the terrible little old wo man hobbling out of the box in his bed room; and there the mighty talisman — the rare Arabian Nights — with Casim Baba, divided by four, like the ghost of a dreadful sum, hanging up, all gory, in the robbers' cave. Which matchless wonders, coming fast on Mr. Pinch's mind, did so rub up and chafe that wonderful lamp within him, that when he turned his face towards the busy street, a crowd of phantoms waited on his pleasure, and he lived again, with new de light, the happy days before the Pecksniff era. He had less interest now in the chemist's ' shops, with their great glowing bottles (with smaller repositories of brightness in their very stoppers) ; and in their agreeable compromises between medicine and perfu mery, in the shape of toothsome lozenges and virgin honey. Neither had he the least regard (but he never had much) for the tailors', where the newest metropolitan waistcoat patterns were hanging up, which by some strange transformation always looked amazing there, and never appeared at all like the same thing anywhere else. But he stopped to read the playbill at the theatre, and surveyed the doorway with a kind of awe, which was not diminished when a sallow gentlemen with long dark hair come out, and told a boy to run home to his lodgings and bring down his broad sword. Mr. Pinch stood rooted to the spot on hearing this, and might have stood there until dark, but that the old cathedral bell began to ring for vesper service, on which he tore himself away. Now, the organist's assistant was a friend of Mr. Pinch's, which was a good thing, for he too was a very quiet, gentle soul, and had been, like Tom, a kind of old-fashioned boy at school, though well-liked by the noisy fellows too. As good luck would have it (Tom always said he had great good luck) the assistant chanced that very after noon to be on duty by himself, with no one in the dusty organ-loft but Tom : so while he played, Tom helped him with tne stops ; and finally, the service being just over, Tom took the organ himself. It was then turning dark, and the yellow light that streamed in through the ancient windows in the choir was mingled with a murky red. As the grand tones resounded through the church, they seemed, to Tom, to find an echo in the depth of every ancient tomb, no less than in the deep mystery of his own heart. Great thoughts and hopes came crowding on his mind as the rich music rolled upon the air, and yet among them — something more grave and solemn in their purpose, but the same — were all the images of that day, down to its very lightest recollection of childhood. The feeling that the sounds awakened, in the moment of their existence, seemed to in clude his whole life and being ; and as the surrounding realities of stone and wood and glass grew dimmer in the darkness, these visions grew so much the brighter that Tom might have forgotten the new pupil and the expectant master, and have sat there pouring out his grateful heart till midnight, but for a very earthy old verger insisting on locking up the cathedral forth with. So he took leave of his. friend, with many thanks, groped his gay out, as well as he could, into the now lamp-lighted streets, and hurried off to get his dinner. to be continued. 