ITIUm THB IA.TEST KKOMSK PAPERS ' Ait Acceptable Apology for Polygamy.— L»dy C. was one day rallying the Turkish Ambassador concerning its being admitted in tbe Alcoran to each Musseloian to have many wires. '? -Vi* true, madam ' replied tbe Turk ; ?? and it permits it for this reason, that the husband may, iu several, find [ihe'variouB accom plishments which many English women, like your ladyship, singly possess. Laughable, though Serious. ? A lad who bawls ' hot cakes, hot cukes !' around the town of Newport daily, with lungs lifcet those of Sleu tor, last week opened his nioulh so wide in bawling, tbat he wan unable to shut it again, till during run through the streets with distorted mouth and horrible griumces towards the residence of the first surgeon he thought of, he procured medical aid, and had his unfortunate jaw re-set; and_ now he may be heard — though in a'much lower key— again pursuing liis usual arocalion of bawling and selling ' hot cakes, Lot cakes !' Am Argument for Teetotal lers — A few days since, a man, a native of Manchester, whilst inloxi caled, fell into the Brunswick Dock, hut assistance beingjat hand, he was immediately got out ..and conveyed to the Northern Hospital. Ju J,ja pocket was found an account with a publican, which he stated he had paid the day before, for ale and porter drankg by himself. The account was for 185 gallons, drank in 148 days. or about hie quarts per day ! Singular Fatality . p the House of Stuart, — The year '08 was for several centuries fatal to the House of Stuart. James III., on June the 11th, 1488, lost a battle to his subjects, by whom he was pur sued and assassinated. Mary, Queen of Scots, was beheaded the 8th of . February, 1688. James II. of Eng land abdicated the throne of Great Britain on the 12th December, 1688 ; and, to tbe year 1788, Cardinal Slu art, the last legitimate male {of the family, expired. Ispeedy Way of Raising a Blis ter.— Take a watch-glass of the size of the proposed blister, drop into it from eight to ten drops of the liquor ammonia! : have ready a piece of fine linen, rather smaller than the watch glass, lay it neatly into the hollow of ?lie glass, and immediately apply (his to the skin freed from hair. In a iery short time— sometimes in from i 30 to 40 seconds— a red circle appears ronnd the glass, and the blister is formed. Some of the postilions in Paris liare guch perfect command of their whips as to crack a simple air with if. I nave heard ' Au clair de la June 'given in a manner not to be mistaken. The dress of a French -??(?pstilion is a favourite costume during the carniral. Not Much !— The lithe income cf England and Wales will this year be about £6,000,000. British Seamen. — The number of seamen on the books of the Hrilish navy is 28,000, and of marines 10,509. Verbal Ambiguity. — Tbe word 'spirit' is used alike to express extract, courage, thought, distilled li(juor,;and apparition. ^ Brougham and the Cad driver. I —I^ord Hrougliam, the other after noon, hired a cab at the Privy Coun cil- office (cat never walcheil mouse hole more closely tlinti Ld. Ifrougliam does the Privy Council-office at pro sent) to lake him to the House of Lords. Tbe distance is within the ! mile, so that cabby was only entitled to eigbtpence. Such fares, however, are nearly out of fashion : eager to escape 'curses not loud but deep,' most people pay a shilling. Not so, | Lord Brougham. Groping in his pocket, he fished out a lot of coppers — all he had : they were short of the fair by fotirpence. This sum the noble and learned lord coolly bor rowed from a poor porter standing in tbe passage, and, banding (be cight tfjgence to the cubman, he darted like an arrow into the House. ' Who's old Scaley?' asked the cab-drirer. ' Vy, Uruflm !' answered an urchin standing by. The remainder of the dialogue is not fit for ears or eyes \ The Symbol of Marriage. — 1 The use of (be wedding-ring mny be \- traced to the Jvgyi.tians, who placed ' it, as we do, on the lourth finger of : the left band, because they believed (bat a vein or nerve ran directly from the finger to the heart. The Greeks and Romans adopted their belief, and followed their example. The Jewish \ toives wore it on tbe index or fore . finger. Christian usages have been i various in this respect. In the early ? Greek Church, the ring was worn on the right hand, by both huBband and wile; and in some Churches in the north of Europe, it was put upon sc .; reral finger* successively in tbe names oftfae Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, if being finally left upon the fourth. [ . According to Swinburne, the wedding ; ring was at first of iron, adorned with '?'?? adamant : the metal hard and durable, | ^ ?ignifying the durance and prosperity . of the contract. ' Howbeit,' he says, ' ' it matter* not at this day what the t'*ving be made of. The form of it, I being round and without end, doth k impori that their love should circulate 1 and Boy continually. ;(:... Tub following advertisement is in I -the 3--it»— ' Dear Bobby, pray re 1 -Yarn nt once to yonr most disconsolate t i-»renti. All will be well.— O?' 