REVIE IYV (From the Tablet.) The Anatomy of Sleep ; or, the Art of Procuring Sound and Refreshing Slumber at Will. Alterthe ample notice taken in the Tablet. of the first edition of this curious boot, it is not necessary to say much on the appearance of a second. But this edition is augmented and enriched with notes by Lord Stanhope and the Earl of Shrewsbury ; and by a number of cases of dreams and presenti. ments fulfilled, which the author has collected from a variety of sources in proof and illustration of the immateriality and independent existence of the mind. We shall content ourselves with quoting one or two of these instances. The following are by Lord Stanhope, and occur at p. 453 of tihe Appendix: "' Amongst many anecdotes which .have been related to me, some of which I cannot recall to my mind, unless some circumstance renews the recol lection of them, is a case of a Lord of the Admiralty, who was on a visit to MViouut ldgecumbe, and who was much distressed by dreaming, that walking on the sea shore, he picked up a book, which appeared to be the log book of a ship of war, of which his brother was the captain. He opened it, and read an entry of the latitude, longitude, and as well as of the day and hour, to which was added, " our captain died." The company endeavoured to comfort him, by laying a wager that the dream would be falsified by the event, and a memorandum was made in writing of what he had stated, which was afterwards confirmed in every particular. "Another very remarkable dream was that of the wife of Earl Harcourt, the immediate predeces. sor of the last. She was then Lady Nunehamn, and on a visit at his father's. She mentioned to her husband when they met at breakfast table, that shel was very unhappy from having had a horrid dream, and earnestly wished to narrate it. He laughed at lier, and'declired 'it, when the 'conversatin was interrupted by the father; and the son and daughter in law did not see each'other till dinner time. They wiited some time, and Lord Harcourt, who was always very punctual, did not appear. His son expressed some surprise, and asked one of the servants if he knew where he was ? Upon which Lady Nunoehamn esclalmed, "Look in the well I" and 'fainted away. Lord Harcourt was found in the well, with his dog lying at his feet, as she had seen 'i lher dream ; and it was supposed, that in erideavouring to:save the life of his deg, he had lost his own." The nektils from Lord Shierstibiry,' and it con. corns the famous ghost of Lord Lyttleton t "' Mr. Tlbot. heard from Andrews's' own mouth, about Ltrd'Lyttleton's appearing' to him. I bes! lieive tde same haisbeen published; you'inay proba.i bly know Wihere to',ind it,, and ou imay as well compare it. Mr. T. was then nineteen years of ag?, and has certainly, a most retentive memory, and speaks with the utri?ot'cbifidenceeof the correctness of his narrative. Snaewsaunr. In the year, 1782, my father and I having dined at the late Earl Talbot's, in Lincoln's Inn-fields, and the conversation turning on the subject of the spectre seen of Thomas Lord Lyttleton (then re. cendy dead) three nights previous to his dea'h, Lord Talbot asked my father if he had heard of his subsequent apparition to any person I And on his replying in the negative, " Here is the person," said hisb lordship, "to whom he mnD appear, Mr. Andrews,' who not only saw Lord Lyttleton, but conversed with him a few momsents after his de. cease " On which Mr. Andrews addressed the company as follows s-. "Gentlemen! I lived in Kent at the time of Lord Lyttleton's sidfede ath, at 160 miles distance. I led a single life"having no companiion but an old' maiden aunt. My custom was to retire every night at eleven; take a book into bed and read till twelve. Before I extinguished my lamp on one particular night, I was greatly amazed at hearing my bed room door open, which I had carefully locked; but still more so at behiolding Lord Lyttleton, in his morning gown, walk across the room, open the curtainsat thefootof the bed, and say, Andrews, Sam no mored Thinking it all reality, and that Lord Lyttleton had arrived and was playing some tricks, I instantly leaped out of bed, aroused the rervants, and had the bousseexamiced, but of course to vain. However, to put it out of all doubt, having first noted down the hour, I despatched my servant to Hagley to know how his Lordship was, and found he had dropped down dead at the moment he appeared to me. No superstition could 'have idiu'. enced me, as I did not believe in a future state; but I should add, that Lord Lyttleton and myself had many years previous made a compact, that whichever died first, he should appear to the sur. viver if there was a future existeeooce. " WI' LLIAM TALBOr." Nov. 17, 1842. "Such is the account I received from Mr. Talbot, and it appears to me that it is in every respect one of the most clearly authenticated cases* which is on record." So much for dreams; as to presentimeots, we may cite two, which Dr. Binos has placed side by side, and they ought not to be separated: " A professor of mathematics, Bohm, was spend ing the evening in a convivial circle, when he sud. denly felt a strong impulse to return home, but as he could not discover any reason for doing so, be remained where he was. The impulse, which he could not explain, became every moment stronger, and at last irresistible, and he went to his house, where he found every thing as he had left it. In his bed room, however, he felt an ardent, though unaccountable, desire to remove his bed from the position which it had always occupied, and which was the most convenient, to another which was quite the reverse; and having done so by the assist. ance of his maid, he again joined the company which he had quitted. Alter going to bed he was awoke about midnight by a dreadful crash, and he found that a beam, with a considerable portion of the ceiling, bad fallen down on the very spat where h:s bed had fcrrmerly stood i " A merchant, who made a jo.iroey to Holland, and had settled all his business at lhutterdam, was going from thence to iliddleburg on some affairs of importance, had paid his fare in the vessel, which was to sail at noon, and requested a sailor to come to the hotel where he lodged when it was time to go on board. He went to the hotel, made all the requisite arrangement for his departure, and was taking some refreshments, when the sailor came to fetch him. As soon as he saw the sailor, be felt an inexpressible anxiety, and an inward conviction, which no reasoning could resist, that le ought not to make the voyage. The sailor told him that the fare would be lost, but he persisted in remaining, and in the evening he went to visit a friead, when on a sudden he heard a noise in the street, and on inquiring the cause, he learned that the vessel, which was on its way to Middleburg, had been struck by lightning, was burned, and that all those who were on board had perished. The last of these occurs rences was related to Jung by the merchant himself." We again recommend this really curious book to the hands of the curious. 