PUSEVI8M $ Oil, THE OXFORD TRACXAllIAN" SCHOOL. (From the EdlnburgL BtvIpw.) It is now about ten years since the founders of this School set about acliiev ing llieir great miracle of putting the V dial" oT the uorld " ten degrees back- JTOrd." Their first nroccodings were comparatively moderate. Tliey had ar rived at the conclusion that ihe Church o! England had become more " Pro testant than the Reformatio!!;" that ahe had somehow swnng -loose from her moorings, and had insensibly drifted with the tide to a point very different from that at which tlie pilots of the Reforma tion had anchored her ; that tlie spirit of the English Church resides rather in the Liturgy and Rubric than in the Articles, and that the former ought to interpret the latter; that certain "great and precious truths" had nigh gone out of dale, and that certain high " gifts" and preroga tives or the Church had come to be cheaply rated. They further thuuglit that these " precious truths" required to be restored, and these high "gifts" to he vindicated. ' - 'To diffuse their views they commen ced that remarkable series of publics tions well known by the name of the " Oxford Tracts at an early stage of which appeared Mr. Newman's Via Media, -or middle road to Heaven, be tween Romanism and Protestantism. This Via Media- appeared to many no thing more or less than the "old Roman road" uncovered &tid;(,made passable. What was thus early suspected was in due lime made manifest- No matter lioiv comparatively moderate the first pretensions of these writers ; it was soon seen that their system of doctrine and ritual was fast assuming a form not essen tially different from that of undisguised Romanism. Flushed with eucceSs, and forgetting all caution, they rapidly de veloped, partly in the Tracts and paitly in separate works, principles at which the Proiesta.il world stood aghast. In word', the system closely resembled that of Rome ; it was, a geometricians say, aaimilar figuie, only with not so large a perimeter. They affirmed, as we shall fully shew hereafter, that tlie Scriptures were not the sole and absolute rule of faiih ; that tradition was supplements! to it, and thai what it unanimously taught was of co ordinate authority; that a fully deve loped Christianity must be sought some where or other, (nobody knows where,) within the first (nobody knows hnw many,) centuries ; ihej spoke contemp tuously ,of Cl.illingworth's celebrated maxim, and elevated that of Vincent of Lerius into its place : in defiance of the first principles of the Reformation, they aavocatbd " Reserve" in the communi cation of religious knowledge, and avow ed their preference of the ancient disci - plina arcani; they in terms of superstitious reverence of the Fathers, and eagerly defended , many of their most egregious fooleries; ."they denied most contemptuously- "the tight "of private judgment," and inculcated a blind, un questioning acquiescence in the assur- -ances-of the priest. As titer had advo. cated principles which would justify nearly all the abuses of Rome, so they learned to >eak of the abuses to which (hose principles had led in a new dialect — in terms which would have made the hair of Cranmer or uf Ridley stand on end. Tliey apologised for her errors, end, as they were hidden, " spoke gently of her fall." They were rewarded, (sig nificant omen 1) with the friendly greet ings of the Romanists in return ;. and condescendingly assured that "they were not tar from the kingdom of God 1" All thiB will be fully proved hereafter, if in deed there are now any who Bland in ? eed of such proof. But their zeal somewhat outran discre tion. They . were not yet quite perfect in the art of poisoning. Instead of ad ministriog it tn homoeopathic doses, in visible elements, by means of perfumed gloves or Bweet confectionary ; llieir im patience could not brook delay require by so tedious a' process. They eichang- the gentle decfattion of laurel leaves for pruasic arid ; till; at IiH,V in .Number Ninety, which ought by right to be tailed the " Art of Perjury made Easy," they administered so strong a dhBe, that evdn tbc Ostrich- stomach "of the Church could ho'lbnger endure it. She/threw off the -nauseous compound -with a convulsive effort, and refused to take- any furfficr preparations from the laboratory of thbse modern ' $ublilc4.' ' , ,. ' 3ut: though the Oxford Tracts Ware at length silenced by aulhoritids tmwqp-i tedly jtaTlenlTif Vcautlel! tjie pqjipn was too Wttlejy (liffused., tosdmit.-ofany den and instant counteraction. Accord - ingiyi in periodic jl : publications ,of Jill do'rta ihdslxrii-id 'RevieWa,' MaVzinesl w«!:$e.epitpwf, .i "flimsy Pamphlets and bulky Volumes In' > Uiterstatliltl qoqgenial fir tion usad perverted . hi tf#ryk «overy' /forro ofv<|ypt>grapby 'and.id t»tf .bug j Of this, too','. ShflB.%iva" fiill proof. ! Tftns'it was seent\hat Lho Via -Media, instead of being a road Tunning ibeHreen the PrdtestBoism' itttd ' Kbtnknism,1 -and parallel to fioth, hrftiched offutaJarge angle from the former, and, after. travers ing a short iotervij of- moss aud bog, wtnch qtiaked trtost . Tearfully under tlie traveller's liriceVtaih' tread, struck into that ' hroad'_ well-beaten, aud crowded road vrinch leads to Rome. i , v . , ' fn attemting to give some account of the principle opinions held by tlie new Schoolj we do not'meau to deny -tliat some ot llicm are held, with certain mo v difications, by many, who 'would strenu ously remonstrate against being classed in the same category with its founders ; uay. we shall not charge all who avow a general coiucidence with holding every one to the aame extent. 'Private judg ment,' proscribed as it has been, has been at work here too, and left these men little reason to boast of their unity. We shall content ourselves with developing the system as exjiUtned in the Oxford Traota, and in works avowedly written in approval or defence of them. Apostolical Succession. — 1. These writers maintain, in its fullest integrity and extent, the doctrine of Apostulical Succession. They affirm that the spir itual blessings of Ohr istianity are, su far as we know or have any right to infer, ordinarily restricted to the channel of au Episcopally — ordained ministry, uulesi found iu the line1 of tlie succession — in other words, duly ordained by a Bishop duly consecrated ; whoau due consecra- tiou again depends upon that of a whule series of Bishops' from ihe lime ot the Apostles ; lliat ministers not so ordained hare no right to preach the gospel, uud conuot efficaciously administer the sacra ments, let them hd as hly as til ey may; that all who arc qrdained niB V do both, let them he unholy as tl.ev will ; that, accotdingly, Philip Doddridge aud Ro bert Half, were up true Christian minis ters, but that Jouatba.u Swift, and Law- lence Sterne were. All this we know is very mysterious ; Jmt then, as the Tracts say, so are many Atb>r things which we nevertheless heliey<!?i(uid why nnt this ? It is better to believe than reason' on such a subject : ot believe first and rea son afterwards. f'Let uv believe what' we do not see apd know. ..... Let us, maintain before the have proved. This! seeming paradox is the secret of happi-| ness.' Thus, string is not believing, as ihe vulgar suppposc, but believing is seeing; and you will, indue lime, knuw the ' blessed nuos' of such child like do cility. Rut it is necessary to dwell a' little on the Brgamoota ofoba jUpputita party, in order to do full justice to the hardihood of the required act of faith, Whether we'eonsider the palpable ab surdity of the doctrine, its uiter destitu tion of historic evidence, or the outrage it implies on all christian charity, it is equally rcvol ing. Tlie arguments that aie against it are infinite, the evidence for it is absolutely nothing. It rests not upon one doubtful assumption but upon filly ; and when these are compounded together, according to Wlialeley's receipt for guaging the iorce of arguments, it de fies the power of any calculus invented by man, to determine tlie rutiu of im probability, First, the very basis on which it rests — the claim of Episcopacy itaelf to be considered undoubtedly aud exclusively of Apostolical origin — lias been most fiercely disputed by men of equal erudition and acuteness ; and, so far as can be judged of equal integrity and piely. When one effects how much can he plausibly and ingeniously adduced on both sules, and that it would require half a volume ouly to give an abstract of the arguments; one would .think that the only lesson which could or would be learned from the controversy, would be lite duty. of mutual charity ; and a dispo sition Lo. concede that tlie blessings of Christianity are compatible svitlt various eysttms of church policy. God fotbid that we should for a moment admit that they are restricted to any one 1 But tills first proposition, however doubtful, is susceptible of evidence al most demonstrative, compared with that offered fur half a dozen others involved in the integral reception of the doctrine of Apostolical Succession. Accordingly, there are thousands of Episcopalians, who, while they affirm a preponderance of evideu'ee on'belialfof Episcopacy, con temptuously repudiate the incomprehen sible dogma : of these Archbishop Whale- ley is an illustrious example. . Tlie.llieory is, tliat each bishop from the Apostolical time, baa received in his consecration a mysterious 1 giffimd also transmit? to every priest in his ordination' a triyateriont --gift'. indicated in" the re spective-offices by the awful words, ' Re ceive the Holy Gbost' that on tliia the right of priests lo assume their functions and the preternatural grace of the sacra ments administered by them, depends that bishops "fence consecrated, instantly! beeomr u sort of Leyden jar or spiritual elecirjcily andara.inveated with .tlie re- marlifile ' property of transmitting the ' pft''foothB; lhat this has been ibd casetrottf The qirmiTtivh a£e fen til ; tl)Bi , this high £ifc h n't been incferferoihly Itmi mltied JUro.ugb the hands of impure ! .profligate, bareticri fcdesiiiics, «a . igno ' rantandflagitiwiaasaiiy ofrrheirfay con- 5n ftrt tliesfe' gifts' 'raP>riiro;'of'tbe,mVfil tcUtrAfter. ppUi piibiBljop aqJ nd raride inieqaa1 integrity in a Bimner oi . i Me' tln.qupjfe'i, Vebieli . f . , v reason and charity forthwith put to the whhjfi will theydelfeit im auswcr exSepV thein'e fct ready gi.yepi-lfi'belldyitig'is seciqg, and implicit ffeitL tltp;bighcat,dQ- anonstration. . WLat. ia fanparted ? iwhot transmitted? Is it something or no thing ? Is consecratio n or drdlntt|lioiiac-! compau'ied (as in primitive times) liy mi raculous powers, by. any iovjgpratf bj\ of intellect, by increase 6f xfeowledgt, "by greater purity nf lieart ? It p's.. not , pre tended : ana if it were, facts' conlradiet it, as all history testifies : - the ecclesiastic; who is jguOrant or. impure before ordina tion, is just as much .so afterward(.f.;Do the parties themselves profeys to be coft- sciouiof receivingtliL'gtft ? No." ifetlio conveyance made evident' tb Us by, any proof which 'certified any fact wliatso- cver— fey sense, experience, or con sciousness? It is not affirmed. In A word, it appears to bp a nonentity , in scribed with a very formidable camB— i very substantial shadow ; aod dispute re specting it appear about as hopeful as thnt concerning the " indelible character' im parted in the unrciterable sacraments of the Romish Cliurch ; of which Campbell archly 6ays — 4 Aa to the ubi of the character, there Was no less variety of sentiments — some placing it in the es sence of the soul, others in the under standing ; some in the will, and others more ptuusib'y in the imagination ; others even in the hands ond tongue ; but, by the geoeral vuice, the body uasexcluded. So that the whole of what they agreed in amounts lo -this, lliat in the unrciterable sacraments as i Ley call tlicm, Something, they know not what, is imprinted, they know not feoui, on something in the soul- ol the recipient, tliey know not where, which ncvercan he deleted.' Again, who can testify that this gift has been incorruptibly transmitted through the impurities, heresies, and ignorance of thu dark ages? Is there nothing that can invalidate Orders? ' Yes,' say tome of these men, 'enor in fun Jamcnlals will.' Others affirm it will noi ; hut still, with that superstitious reverence for forms which ever attends neglect of the substance, declare tliat llicy may be in validated ' if the formalities of consecra tion baye not been duly observed 1 — Eitl<er answer will serve the purpose. If error in essentials is sufficient lo iuvali- , date Orders, we ask — had the Romish Church so erred when you separated from her? If she had, tier own Orders were; invalid, and she could not transmit yours. | If she had not, as you all affirm nothing 1 hut heresy, in fundamentals c»n justify separation, you are schismatics, and your own orders arc invalid, W fiat are the conditions on which the validity or Orders denends, or whether nysbipg can annul them except some' Informality in the ordination itaelf,- our Angelical friends ere very reluctant to state. That the do nqt insist on all those conditions of the Roman .Church which made Chillingwortli say, that ol a hundred seeming priests,' it was doubt ful whether there 1 was one true one,' IB certain ; and it is equally certain that they are discreet in adopting such a course. The Fathers, indeed, often in- sist upon purity of life and integrity of doctrine as necessary to autlicnliuie the claims of a successor of ihe Apostles ; and it would not be convenient with the eccle- BiuMicSl history bf the middle agea'spreatl out bgfbre us, to insift aifongly Cp any! such requisites; it bring certain that in those ages there has been no lack of at- mouiacal, atheistical Prelates ; tliobgh, If simony, atheism, end profligacy . will not , annul holy orders, truly we know nut what will. The m'jority, therefore, ! earn to have determined that there is; hardly any amount of. doctrinal depravity or practical licentiousness which could repel the indwelling spirit ol holiness — though, incomprehensible dogma ! an er- roi in the form 'of consecration may I Be it so. The chances are still infinite that there have not been fiawasoraewhere or other in t,he long chain of the succes sion—and though these may b-Tew, yet; as aa.no one knows .where tlie fatal breach may be, ilia sufficient to spread univer sal panic through the Church. - What Bishop can be sure that lie and his pre-, dedessora in tlie sanje line have ajways heeu duly consecrated, f or what presby ter, that he was ordained by a Bishop, who bad a right to ordain l-.im ? Who will undertake lo trace tip Ins spiritual pedigree unkroken (o -the very aganf the Apostles, or give us a Complete catalogue of bis spiritual ancestry? We can imagine the perplexity of a presbyter lliuscaal in doubt as Lo whether or pot he lias ever bad the invaluable "gift'1 of Apostolical succession confer red upon him. As tliat " gift" is neither tangible nor visible, the subject neither of experience nor consciousness as it cannot be known by any " effects'' pro duced by 'b (for that mysterious efficacy which attends the administration of rites at ita possessor's hands, is like the gift which, qualifies him lo administer them, also invisible and intangible,)— lie may imagine, unhappy roah ! that he 'has been 'regenerating" infants by baptism. wTieri' he haB been aimply sprinkling them withi waleri "What is; the matter?" the! his distractions might'sak.' What have you ioajf" " Lo,t!"i would be the reply. " j fear t bavre , t; uectt»idh)',oir onjery '' tliat 1 do noL know and canuut' -ever had itloiJoael". Jt is / hVjMwf fe stiggesL|heHJsual quea-j fljfl'yoif seegt Igat ? . When .wereyou last conaciopyof pfessetaiugH V' Wliat a peculiar-jiropcriyuitliattif whicii though s»iiivninablc— nay, ah Which the Aholfe dffickcy 61 1 ffie ,cfiri»iisp mipistryi WR.ends— Ap.spJiM no pMilive,«vi(ifatfe to allow whether be ever had it or not f it-, v. I which, if ever conferred, was conferred j»rthWffffiTinfffl'BiWigar,'r'bbtt- aUpBi it ;ooui4"bfi»takfefa -awav.twoLliieriii derive hmjignorint. bot'-only'Wbenyvhlero.anll 'hpw- the tneft , "wks 1 'fcpifetbttifed; byt whether 'it b a|l' ever" been' cpin tm fterf or ptl. ,Tbe cympayuvng.'I'ijenJf nilght, projjablyj renuiqd as Ag ;» .<» sure he had cver.had jtj BOn/Jfntepf, ho still Lad. it: without knawingfr .v Pert, haps 7 he would rfeply ; but it'll cer tainly 1 want. -'Well," "it ' mighi the most .moperate , iomputafiot), jjostg chancea are as 8000 to 1 that JCB: Law it 1" f'Pish'l'tlie distracted atnowould exclaim, " what does Mr. Gladstotife know About the -matter f." : And,' 'truly' to. thaf query we know pot wfl wliat answer he friend coulfl Vn'akri , ' ( , But 'tlie drfficuUIes of, this puzzling doctrine do notAnd here: It is- asked, liow'a man tvbo ia no true Christian, nan be a true Christian minister ?' Hbw'hq, who is not. even a true disciple of Cli'riaJ, can hp a genuine ! sacpessor of ilie Apoj- lles f Whether it, be not impious, tp suppose that God has pledged himself to impart, by inevitable necessity, the gift of the 41 lioly Ghost" to an unholy man — merely on the performance of external rites, and to qualify him for ihe perform'- ance of the functions ol" a purely moral institute, though still morally unfit ? We can understand, it may be said, how, by the overruling providence of God, n bid man preaching truth may db some good, if the hearer, (a rare case) has both Benae and honesty to separate truth from liitn who propounds it. But if ha be ignorant of the truth, and preach " pernicious error, (as -thousands so ordained have done,) "we cannot conceive how his preaching can have the effect of trulh, simply because he is 44 commissioned." Yet this, no leas an authority than Mr. Melville asserts, in language as plain ak the doctrine itself ia mystical. In like manner, ifit be supposed tliat the sacraments are only external signs of affecting and momentous truths, and that the benefit derived from them still de pends on the njoral pfed spiritual dispos itions of the recipients, we can under, stand lhaj,they may be beneficial even when lie' who administers them "may be a bad man. In holli the above cases, however, as the effect is a moral one, that effect will ho proportionality dimin ished by the conviction of the worthies— ness of the officiating Pfiest. ' This ne cessarily results from the laws of ollf mo ral nature. It is impossible to get the generality of men to revere that Which llieir teachers practically despise; lv obey precepts rather than imitate ex ample. As all history elio-vs, it is im possible Jong, to maintain religion when the Priest ia himself irreligious. But that, by a divinely-ordained necessity, some prtternalural efficacy, itself certi fied by nb evidence either of aense or consciousness, is conveyed 'through lho minuter, merely because ho has been episoopally ordained, (however wicked or worthies he may lie,) and which ia withheld when the ordinarion is wanting, (However worthy and holy he may- be,) who can really b.-liuve ? Nothjfig but the moat express revelatiqn, or the most undeniable effects, could attest it. And buth (lie one and the other ud vacates of the Uogtnaare avowedly unabfe lo indi cate. AttWeic, and all other arguments, the supporter of tile doctrine only shakes his head in awful warning, proclaims his burro? of 4 rationalistic' preaumolion. and asserts, that by bnptiqitith alone can it be received. Iu this We believe him And fiif, can It be true that Cbris- Uiiis will be content to receive these straneg conclusions f Arc they willing to sacrifice even charity itself to an ab surdity ? Powerful as are the argument! on all liauda against this paradox, .none is so powerful with us as this. The ad vocates of the Oxford system, when they arc destitute "of arguments, (which tnay be represented at thiV ordinary Condi tion,) are fond of appealing to our moral feelings ; if we do not know, tliey te)l ui wo may feel (he truth ot a certain con clusion. Without being, we trust, in thu'saoie miserable destitution of argu ment, we would fearlcatly adopt their course on (lie present occasion. Wo feel that if there were nothing elie to say, there ia no proposition ip Muheifes- tics more certain, than ihat a -dogma which conilgns tho Lutheran,-Mjqo(£pt- ti ah, and Indeed the wholii.@pteed Nod Episcopal clergy" tfe ' contempt, however holy ; and whvh' necessarily authenticates the claims oTpnt/ Episco pal Priest, however unholy— must he utterly alien from the spirit of the in stitute of the New Testament. ' (This article is from the pen of Thomas Sabbiogton jWad CauUy Eiq. M.P/J 