A PRIEST'S CURSE. A recent number of the American Republic publishes a copy of the priest's corse pronounced against one William Hogan, of Philadelphia:— By the authority of God Almighty, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, ard of the nadcfilcd Virjrin Mary, I Votber and patroness of oar Saviour, and of all celestial j Virtues, Angels. Archangel'--, Throues, Dominions, ' Pavers, Cberubun, and Seraphim. And of all the Holy I'atri >rct?s. Prophets, and all tbe Apostles sod Evangelists of the Holy Innocent*, who fa tbe sight of the Holy Lamb are found worthy to ting (he new song of the Holy Martyrs and holy Confessors, and of all the Holy Yirgios, and of all the Saints, together wirh the Elect of God—may be. William Hogan, be daoiced. We excommunicate and anathematize him, and from the thresholds of the Holy Church of God Almighty we sequester him, that he may be tormented, disposed, and be delivered over with Dathan and Abiram, and wiih those who say unto the Lord, v Depart from us, we de sire none of thy ways.* and as fire is quenched with water, so let the light of him be pat out far evermore, unless it shall repent him and make satisfaction. Amen! May the Father who created man, curse him! May the Son who suffered for as. corse him I May the Holy Ghost who was given to us ia Baptism, curse him'- May tbe Holy Cross, which Christ for oar salvation, triumph ing over his enemies, ascended, curse him! May the holy and eternal Virgin Mary, mother of God, curse him t May Saint Michael, the advocate of holy soak, curse him! May all the Angel-, Archangels, principalities and powers, aad ail the Heavenly armies, curse him ! May the praiseworthy multitude of Patriarchs and Prophet?, curse him! May St. John the Precursor, and St. John the Bap tist, and St. Peter, and St. Paul, and St. A mire w. and all other Christ's Apostles together, curse him! and may the rest of his disciples and four Evangelists, who by their preaching converted the universal world, and may tbe holy and wonderful company of martyrs and con fetsors, who by their Duly works are fuund pleasing to God Alraigh'y, curse him f May the Holy Choir of the Holy Virgins, who for the honour of Chmt have despised the things of the world, clsmu him ! May all tbe Saints from the beginning of the wurid In everlast ing ages, wto are f->ucd to be beloved ot God, damn h;m! May he be damned wherever he lie, whether in the bon?e or ia the stat ?.'<?. ll.e garden or tLe fold, or the highway, or in the path, or in the woods, or in the water, or ia the church, may he be cursed ia living aad in dying! Siay ha be cursed inwardly and outwardly—may he be cursed it; his biaina. and iv his vertex—in his temple, ia bis ciietks, ia his forehead, in Lie ears, ia bis eye brov-F, ia his jawbones, iv his nostrils, in hi-, teesh and grinders, io bis throat, in bis shoulders, and bis aims and in bis fingers! May be be damned in his month, in his breasts, io his heart and r*nrtenances, down to bis very stomach I May he be cursed ia all Us j tint*, acd articulations of his members—tram tbe crown of his head to the sole itis loot, rcay there be no soundness in liiia! May tbe Sen ot the living God. with all the glory «f his Majesty, curse him 1 And rasy Heaven, wtb all the powers which move therein, rise up against him. curse and damn him—unless he repent and make 6*tis faction! Amteu, so be it—be it so. Amen ! 