-o ENOLIrH INTaIoErs AT Ros..--The FseeSsrn reprints the letter of our Paris correspondent with the following preface s-"- We find the following confirmation of the views put forward by us on the subject of the intrigues against Ireland at the Papal Court in the last nuipber of the Tablet. It will be seen from the statement of the Paris correspondent of thatjournal, that not only English laymen but English dignitaries have conspired for the overt bhrow of the freedom of the Irish Church, and that the former have descended to the lowest, calumnies, villifying and misrepresenting the Catholic bierarchy of Ireland, for the purpose of effecting the joint objects of the two classes of Englishmen, the degradation of the Irish Church and nation." Tss ANsoLcc4N SCessas As saEN IN Ausansca. •The retributive penalty being paid by the Anglican Church is its progressing re action to Catholicism, according to our English exchanges, is of no ordinary nature. Clergymen have been mobbed and Bishops hooted. Oxford is in a blaze and Windsor quaking.; a Minister (Gladstone), has retired from the Cabinet, and toe whole press of the kingdom are at logger heads about the case of Ward, of O.ford, author of a strong Calholic book.- ", The Ideal of the Christian Churecb."--otson Pilot. Tua Lownow Paaeq.-In my last I promised to resume this subject. The Logdon press-I mean the nrtos, portion of it only-is one 'of the most powerful, the most beautifully arranged, and, perhaps, the most extraordinary in the world. Only think of a man's speech being in type, corrected, and ready for press, before almost he " resumes his seat," as the phrase goes. All those huge sheets- the Times, the Post, the Chronicle, &c.;, &c.;, are all produced' by' night:work, and by the almost super. human exertions of a vast number of men. And when I tell you that a large portion of those men, nay, the most distinguished of them, are Isrihmen, you will no doubt, be surprised, What a pity to see Irish genius and Irish worth expended inthe land of the strnuger I ' But unfortunately, in' Ireland genius is not only badly recompensed, but too often illtreated and despised. How often will you hear thankless, as well as worthless individuals deny the men who have laboured (and that, too, for a mere nought), when these persons were resting their empty brain-boxes on their pillows-."' Oh, so and so, have done nothing, they ought to do twice as much." This is not the way in which industrious merit and honourable worth are treated in London. Men are not only paid well in their respective calling, but they are also thanked well for doing their business with ability and care.-It 'is a very remarkable fact, that instead of Scotchmen (so successful in your country) being at the bead of the press in the great metropolis, they are at the very toil of it I. An Englishman made this admiasion to me, no later than this week. Is it over.fondness for the Irish, it may be asked, that brings them up in the scale of distinction 1 No, certainly not. For, whilst a John Bull would be demolishing his bread and cheese, Paddy often happens to have over half' his day's work performed, and be a:better man after. Amongst the celebrated Irishmen about your locality, I may mention the names of Messrs. Brian &MCabe;, and Nicholas Loftus, Mr. 1M'Cabe hsa been's long time very successful at the Irish press. Mr Loftus, I understand, tq going to, the bar, anod will, ere long, be on your circuit. Erom all I have heard of his vast literary attainments, and his great oratorical powers, it may not be premature in me to predict that he will shine forth a perfect' star" '(to use a theatrical phrase) at a future period.-lVaterford Chronidle. IRIsan Catssa-ENorams OAnLUSiNY.-We have frequently had occasion to draw the attention of the Irish public to the incessantly recurring calumnies wherewith the English press continues to misrepre. sent the character of our country and the conduct of itq people. Whether this untiring persistence in slander proceeds from a desire io palliate the oppression exercised by England upon this country by attributing 'all manner of demerits to the op. pressed, or whether it result from the mercenary desire to comply with the cravings of the depraved taste of their readers, to whom vituperation of the Irish is at all times sure to prove acceptable, we shall not at present stay to. inquire, Enough for us that the fact is so, and that to constastly do they indulge in abuse of Ireland that few men in this country are now unfamiliar with the indecent and unseemly. brutalities of expression in 'whlh more than one of the Londonu joutnals waswont to indulge, and how epithets the most outrageous and offensive were habitually employed for the purpose of char. acterising the principles, and feelings, and conduct of our priesthood and of our people,--Fre.ean'. Journal Malqb os2'l8, , SIR ROBART Pe? L .AND HIs PRINIOPL/O.--It i5 thoughtlessly said, that Sir Rqbert Peel is a man of no principles. As well might It be 'said, that a horse dealer is a man of no horses. The horse dealer, it is true, has no particular attachment to his horses, no desire to retain them, he takes them only to part with the.m for a profit he buys, sells, chbanges,and swaps. :And so it is with .Sir Robert, Peel and principles. .He is a man of all principles. or an all principled man. ,He has had all in turns and made his profit in changing them as opportunity has offered. What is (he. trader's care, for his commodity ?- to keep it only till he can part with-it advantageously : and such is Sir Robert Peel's care for principles. He ls.never withput them ;'he has always some ot hand ; but it is, by change of them that his political fortaqes have been made. When an Irish worthy was upbraided for having his country s'to- sell." Sir Robert Peel has the similar cause.of thankfulness as to the change of his principles. He thanks heaven that he has principles to abandon. Examiner. . THe PRESENT STATs or-TaR.CHURCI as at LAW EsTranr.uRa?.-We hope we shall not be thought tedious in venturing a few very common place reflections. on the general asppect of ecolesiastical affairs at the present moment. We have before remarked, what indeed it nesded no ghost totell us, that there are signs of storm about us.. The strange revival of the old Puritan cry against surplices and conformity, a cry contemptible enough in itself, but serious as a symptom of that alliance between fanaticism and vulgar outrage-which ever raises Itself with a kind of earthly success against ecclesiastical efforts, when "' respectability" stands by and allows its coursea; the persevering efforts at Oxford, to commence the pargatio' of the English ChLrch by a one.aided persecution.; the growing, spirit.of exclusion which is showing itself elsewhere, against those suspected of too much Catholicism ; the secession from government of the minister who was itaf,igh Church element,-and far worst of all, the workings of dissatisfaction, not only with the esisting practice o( the English Church, but with that Chirch itself as a living and existing system, which it'is not difficult to discern in many able and earnest minds ; all these circumstances of "external and internal danger make up an ominous whole; and those whom we will persist in calling Anglican Catholics may be pardoned some apprehensions about them.-English CGurchtman. INCnants oa PoPeaa aN LxvEPnoL..-Notwith standing the oppoattiopa that has been offered in various quaxters to. the extension of Popery in Liverpool, we regret to hear that it is sadly on the Increase. In addilion to the introduction of a nunnery and the erection of additional chapels, in the town and neighbourhood, three others are now in course of construction, namely, St. Mary's St. Anne's and 'St. Francis Xtvier's. St. Joseph's (late All Saints) was dedicated, with the customary ceremonies, on Thursday, and Mass was performed there for the first time.-Liverpool Maill,-A Roman Chtholic correspondent, who has requested us to copy this paragraph, says, !" Pray tell your contem porary that be should have said, * In coasequeseo of the opposition,' &n.;, not ' notoitlhstanding,' &c;,; for it is a notorionus fact. that wherever the No.Popery bigots have been most zealous and industrious, there also the progress of Popery, as they call it, las been most rapid and extensive.- This has been the result of the labours of Messrs. Dalton, M'Conkey, and M'Neie,. in Liverpool, and the same thing is going on at Hereford and other places." Our correspo.dent may be confounding the propter with the post hol,, but it is certain that there has been a very remarkable progress of the Roman Catholics in Liverpool, which has been the very hotbed of No. Popery agitation.J-Liverpool Mercury., 