ENGLISH NEWS Foreign Office, April 29.—The Queen has been pleased to approve of Mr Pelbam Dutton, as Consul at Sydney, New South Wales, for the free city of Hamburgh. SPORTING.—The Derby was won this year by Mr Gratwick's Merry Monarch, by Slane out of Margavine, beating thirty-one others; value of stakes £3975. Tho Oaks, by Duko of Richmond's RafraccioD, by Glacus, beating twentytwo others; value of stakes £2300. NEW BILL ON THE LAW OP DEBTOR AND CRE- DITOR—The new bill, founded on the report of the Select Committee appointed to inquire into the operation of the Act of last session with respect to debts not exceeding £20, contains only four clauses. By the preamble it is declared to be expedient and just to give creeitors a further remedy for the recovery of debts due to them. I» is proposed, that if any person is indebted to any other in a sum not exceeding £20, besides <-i;t>ts of suit, for which sum any judgment shall lnye been obtained, orany order lor payment thereof from any court of competent jurisdiction, it ihall be lawful -for the creditor so obtaining a . j judgment or order, to obtain a summons from any Commissioner of Bankrupts for the district in which such debtor shall reside, or shall have resided for one calendar month before the date of such judgment or order, or from any Court of Requests, Court of Commissioners, or other Court for the recovery of small debts. The debtor may be examined as well as the creditor, and an order made for payment of the debt by instalments or otherwise; in case a debtor shall refuse to disclose his property or his transactions respecting the same, or respecting the contracting of the debt, or shall not make answer thereof to the satisfaction of the Commissioner or Court, or shall appear to have been guilty of fraud in contracting the debt, or of having wilfully con'racred it without reasonable prospect of being able to pay ft, or of having concealed or made away with his property, in order to defeat his creditors, or if he appears to have the means of paying the same by instalments or otherwise, and shall not p\y tbe same as ordered, then the debtor may be committed to the common gaol of the comity. An order may be made for payment out of any salary, pay, or pension, of more than £50 a-year. No order of imprisonment is to be for a longer period than forty days. The rower of the Act of last session (7 and 8 Victoria, cap. 9G.) is to extend to all cases of bnlances not exceeding £20. It is nut requisite for any debtor or creditor to employ either counsel or attorney in mikin? applications, or taking any proceedings under this Act, Should the measure pass as it is framed, a creditor may summon a debtor, and if he resides in the city of London, and in the opinion of the Court of Bankruptcy comes within the category of offences mentioned, he may be committed to Newgate for forty days ; or by a Court of Requests, if resident in Middlesex, to the House of Correction. SPORTING.—THE OLD ENGLAND AFFAIR.— The following is a copy of the official report of the proceedings before the Stewards of the Jockey Club:— "The Stewards of the Jockey Club having attended at Messrs Weatherby's office, in Burlington-street, on Saturday tbe 31st of May, and by adjournment on Monday, the 2nd of June, to hear a charge brought, by Mr Gully against J. F. Bloodsworth and William Stebbings, of having conspired to be against Old England for the Derby, in connexion with William Day, and through information clandestinely derived from him, and subsequently to lame, or by other means to prevent the said horse running for that race, having heard the confession of William Day, and the evidence of william Barrett, jun., and of John Day. sen., are satisfied that Messrs Bloods - worth and Stebbings did conspire to bet against Old England ; that communication was kept up by Stebbings writing letters through Bloodsworth to William Day, which letters were sent under cover to William Barrett, jun., of Stockbridge, for several months. It appears that William Day and William Barrett, jun., did on different occasions meet Stebbings at Bloodsworth's house in London, and at other places, to carry out their plans. It was also positively stated by William Day and William Barrett, jun., that Stebbings did at Bloodsworth's house recommend that the horse's foot should be bruised by striking it with a hard stone, or by tying a handkerchief round the leg, and striking the sinew with a stick; and if that was not sufficient, that he (Stebbings) could easily get a powder, which, being mixed with the corn, would " stop him." They added that Bloodsworth was averse to the last part of this proposal, saying it was a " lagging" affair. Messrs Bloodsworth and Stebbings denied the whole story of having desired William Day to maim the horse, but admitted that they had betted largely against Old England, in consequence of the information they had obtained from William Day ; and Stebbings acknowledged that, he had received full information from William Day for several years past as to the qualities and condition of horses in John Day's stables, and had betted largely for himself and for William Day in consequence of such information. The Stewards therefore order—That J. F. Bloodsworth, William Stebbings, and William Day, be warned off the course at Newmarket, and out of the Coffee-room yard there; and that William Day be not permitted to ride in any race at Newmarket. They also recommend the proprietors and stewards of all race courses, where the rules ot the Jockey Club are in force, to prevent them appearing on such course. (Signed) STRADBROKE, ROSLYN (for the Marquis of Exeter), GEORGE ANSON." TR IAL OF THE MONSTER GUN.—On Friday, and again on Saturday (June 6th and 7th) the monster gun, recently manufactured at Messrs Fawcetf, Preston, and Co.'s foundry, in this town, for the American war-steamer Princeton, was repeatedly tested on the sands, about three miles beyond Waterloo. The gun was conveyed from the foundry to tbe place selected for the trial about tour o'clock on Friday morning, when very few of the inhabitants were astir in the streets. About half-past five it passed through Bootle, almost unobserved, most of the good people of that locality being in the enjoyment of their morning dreams at the time. It was drawn by nine horses. On arriving at its temporary destination, it was firmly imbedded in the sand', and the muzzle, which was pointed out to sea, was slightly elevated in a Hue with the surface of tbe water. The first ball, weighing 219 lbs, was then ** driveu home," the gun being charged with 30 lbs. of powder, and the first shot was fired at ten o'clock, in the presence of about 500 spectators. The result was most satisfactory. The report was deafening, and was distinctly heard nine miles off. At the distance of about three miles, as nearly as could be judged, tbe ball was seen bounding on the surface of the water, occasionally dipping and springing up again, until at length it became wholly lost to view. The second was the trial shot. Two balls, each weighing 219 lbs. were "driven home," 45 lbs. of powder being the charge. This shot was equally satisfactory. The report, of course, was terrific, but the gun withstood the shock, and thereby proved that it had been manufactured on a principle and with a material which render " bursting" almost, if not altogether, an impossibility. A great number of single shots, with balls of 219 lb?, each, were fired during the afternoon of Friday and the whole of Saturday, with the like successful result. We understand the gun will be shortly shipped by a vessel for America, there to be taken on board the war-steamer for which it was manufactured.—Liverpool Albion. FATAL DUGL.—The evidence given by Mrs Hawkey, at tho inquest on the body of the late Mr J. A. Seto», who died of a wound received in a duel with Lieut VawVer, throws some ad- ditional light on the circumstances which led to this melancholy affair. Mrs Hawkey, having recounted numerous visits paid her by the deceased in the absence of her husband, said—1 saw Mr Set on on the Monday at the sovee (at the King's Rooms), where he presented me with a bouquet of beautiful flowers, for which my husband thanked him. On the following Monday Mr Hawkey was at drill, when Mr Seton called, and said, "It's no use humbugging with you any longer—do you mean to give me an opportunity or not?" He said he knew Mr Hawkey to he a quarelsome fellow, and said he knew he should have to go out with him in the end, and added he should not go out on the Common for nothing. He said, if he gained his point, he would not mind it. I cannot tell the date. A knock at the door occurred at the time Mr Seton was talking to me, when he exclaimed, " Good God, here's Hawkey !" He rm to the table for his hat, and s»id, " Can't you let me out ?" It was not Mr Hawkey who came in at that time, but Mr Pym. On that afternoon my husband asked me if Mr Seton had annoyed me, seeing me depressed. On tho nevt occasion of my seeing Mr Seton, lie offered me something in hi* hand which f could not see, and s .id, if I did not accept what he offered me, he should not have any tie upon me. He s »id, " Perhaps you do not think it sufficiently valuable." I told him not to insult me any more by such offers. He mentioned the name of Lord Cardigan, and said, " Place yourself in the position of (some one whom I do not kn<»w), and the Colonel of our regiment;" and added, that, he had given that person £1000 worth of jewellery, and further said, " Would that be any inducement to jou?" I said, "No." Then he said," If those are your ideas, a man has no chance." I remonstrated with him about his beirg a married man, when he said, " I don't care about her, nor she about me; we both plense ourselves." I forget whether I did not mention this to my husband when he came in. I told Mr Pym. 1 told Mr Seton if he persisted in that conduct, I should go home (meaning to rny mother's, at Rochester). He (Mr Seton) said, " I wish you would; it's all on mv road to Maidstone." I knew my husband was very " tenacious," and therefore I did not tell him. I afterwards saw Mr Seton at my house, when Mrs Sefon was goue to London. There was a soiree on that evening, to which I went. Mr Seton there, and said to me he was very unhappy, and if ::othwig else would make me like him, sympathy ougth, I did not know my husband was acquainted with Mr Seton's attentions to me until the Sunday preceding the day 0.1 which the duel was fought, when he said he had something to say to me. I went to Anglesey with my husband iu the afternoon (Sunday), when he told me he was very angry at my not telling h'ra what I told Mr Pym, and said if I would te-1 him all, he would not take any notice of it. I consequently told him several things abi>ut Mr Seton's conduct towards me. He did not say much to me, and did not seem at all pleased, and went to Mr Pym. On the day following (Monday, the J9»h May) I met Mr Seton, when I was walking with my husband ; 1 bowed to him, and he offered to speak to me, but my husband wou J d not let him. I afterwards saw Mr Seton at the soiree on the evening of the same day. A week before that I had promised to dance "with Mr Sefon. and on the above evening Mr Seton wished ma to fu : fil my promise. I said I could not. He said, Then it mi'st be Hawkey's fault," and he should seek an'explanation. I replied, he ^my husband) would give him one. I went afterwards to my husband, and asked him what I should do; wheu he said I might «lance a quardrille. I did, accordingly, dance one quadrille. Mr Seton said, " Whatever your husband does to me, I shall not go out with him ; it's quite impossible a light civalry man can ever mix himself up with an infantry man." After dancing t'*at quadrille with Mr Seton, I sat down, when my husband came and wished to sit down by me; but Mr Seton would not move, when my husband said to him, *' I should like to have a few words with you when Mr Setou said, An explanation I have long wished." They went into a private room ; and on his coming out, Mr Seton asked me to take his arm, and said, " For God's sake settle this matter, or there will be such an exposure." I tfien went home with Mr Pym, a friend of my husband. On the occasion of mentioning about the £1000 worth of jewels, Mr Seton tiover took hoi I of me. He said he should like to diive me in a cab in London, and asked me if there was any chance of such a thing. My object in not telling my husband was because I was afraid of the ;on sequences. When my husband gave me permission to dance with Mr Se.1011, it was distinctly understood f was not to dance a polka, only a quadrille. After hearing further evidence, the jury returned a verdict, declaring Lieut. Henry Charles Moorhead Hawkey, of the Royal Marines, and Edward Lawes Pym, as well as all the parties concerned in the duel, guilty of Wilful Murder. The jury would further express their unanimous conviction that everything which the best professional skill, the greatest attention, and the utmost kindness could suggest, was rendered to Mr Seton by his respective medical attendants. BACKSLIDINGS OF THE FREE KIRK.—To those who remember the Cameronian antipathy to ecclesiastical adornments that used to pervade the West of Scotland, " Free St John's Church" in Glasgow, recently opened, suggests a curious train of thought. The genuine old Cameronian or Macmiilanite could not be persuaded that divine audinsnces administered within a house built with hands possessed any efficacy. The bleak hill-side was his favorite place of worship. Even the Establishment conformists insisted upon a meagre style of ecclesiastical building. Scarcely half-a-dozen years have elapsed since the introduction of a bit of stained glass into one of the windows of St Enoch's Kirk set the half of Glasgow by the ears for a fortnight; and ovet the whole of Scotland, the recent practice of terminating the gable-peaks of churches and chapels with a cross, to distinguish them from barns, has occasioned much sighing and groaning. But now, even the pure and rigid Free Kirk has contracted the vain and frivolous taste for Papistical adornments. " Free St John's" is not merely decorated with a beautiful stained window, remarkable for the elegance of taste" and " richness and harmony of colour" it displays: it is more bedizened with graven images than the Roman, Catholic Chapel in Clyde-street. " Effigies of Dr Chalmers and Dr Brown are placed over the large window to the cast of the door-way ; and 1 over the window to th» west cf it are cfSdcs cf Dr M'Farlane and Dr Gordon ; while over the great entrance door-ivay. considerably higher up are effisries of Luiher, Knox, Calvin, and Melville. On the west s : de of the church ate the Marquis of A1 gyle and Wicklifie, and on the east, Patrick Hamilton and George Wiyhart." These are the Saints of the new Catholic Church in Scotland. The Scotch Covenanter was something intermediate between the believer in Walhalla and him who had imbibed all the irildness of Christianity. It is scarcely possible to avoid fancying that his gr'm spirit may still be borne about in the Scotch mi-is once tenanted bv Ossim's spirit of Loda. The stern conceotrated indignation of the ghost on beholding the vain adornments of the churches reared by men who call themselves his especial descendants and representatives, must be terrific. The very shabbies that did the work on Magus Muir or kept the pass at Kotlnvell Brig must rattle in their sheaths from indignation ; and many a broad blue bonnet will be pulled more deeply over the hard features beneath it, as the old peasant looks away from "the fearless fuleries" with which his pastors have allowed their church-walls to be desecrated.— Spectator. SPEECH OP LOTD HOWICKIN THE DFBATE UPON AUSTRALIAN CORN.—Lord llo;vicksaid—I w sh to ask the house whether there is any hon. member who has listened to the speech of the ri<*ht hon. gentleman who has just sat d nvn, and has not felt for himthesincerest compassion (Iiughter), under the severe and painful task which has been put upon him this night? (Cheers and laughter). I owa that, in my experience in this house, I have never yet heard a speech made by a gentleman standing in his high position which did so fill me I with shame as that of the right hon. gentleman. Now, what are the grounds upon which this motion has deen resisted ? Can you have listened to that speech, knowing the right hon. baronet's ability,—with what power he can bring before this house every argument and everything which has the semblance of an argument which bears upon the case that he has in hand,—can you have listened, I say, to that speech, and entertain a doubt as to the real justice of the case? (Hear, hear). 1 will endeavour, very humbly, to follow the right hon. baronet in his remarks on this question. How did he begin ? Why, by endeavouring to get up a Lugh at the terms of a resolution which is not before us, but which is to be proposed by my noble friend the member for the city of London. He says that we are go ng to discuss the general principle of the corn laws. I hope that we shall continue to discuss the general question of the corn laws. But we all know perfectly well how any division upon that subject will terminate, we know that, during this parliament at least, the right hon. baronet will succerd in maintaining the existing corn laws, ant.', knowing that, we say, *' Upon your own principles, upon your own admissions, while you maintain the policy of the corn laws, we ask, can you, upon grounds of plain justice or common sense, refuse to accede to the motion of the hon. member for Gateshead ? That motion is altogether independent of the general question of the corn laws; and if we agreed with you upon that question as much as we d f? r from you, we should not. the less ask you to support It." What next said the right hon. 4 gentleman ? lie said, 4 The cases of Australia a :d Canada are not anslop<»iis, they are not precisely the same and he endeavoured to show the distinction between them. Now, perhaps I may be disposed to admit that the cases of Australia and Canada are not in every respect precisely similar. But what I want the house to consider is, how far the arguments which have been advanced by her Majesty's Government as grounds for making this concession to Canada are applicable also to Australia. Do you remember that when we were asked to make this concession to Canada we were told that the policy adopted was that of treating our colonies as an integral part of the empire ? The right hon. baronet says, " You cannot compare the two cases, because Canada, as the price of this concession, imposed a duty of 3s upon American corn." Now, what were the circumstances under which that duty was imposed ? The noble lord, the Secretary for the colonies, who brought forward this question, told us very plainly what were the grounds upon which Canada was called upon to impose this duty on American corn. He said, " We are perfectly willing to grant to Canada, as a colony and an integral part of the British empire, the benefit of bringing in her corn, but we do not intend this boon to be applied to American corn ; we wish to have a security that that corn under the name of colonial shall not be introduced as if it were British grown corn. With that view we required a d ity of 3s to be imposed on American corn." Now, my chief objection to the Canadian measure was, that I thought that the damage you were doing to Canada by subjecting it to this injurious system of corn laws, and by introducing there the policy of agricultural protection, was more than equivalent to any advantages which could be derived from this measure. It was on that ground, and on that ground alone, that I opposed the measure. It was merely with a view of preventing foreign corn from coming in under the name of colonial, that this condition was imposed. But I a*k you, whether in the case of Canada any such condition is necessary ? Australia, from her posu:on, cannot by any possibility, receive foreign corn without an excess of freight which would d D w t o b h g t t s more than countcrbal.-incs t'ie advantage. The only quarter from which Australia has ever received any considerable quantity of foreign corn is the Republic of Chiii. But it comes from Chilia gainst prevailing wiuds; the voyaga is very long and expensive ; and e^ven for the consumpt T on of Australia itself, except in times of great dearth and scarcity, occasioned by these periodical seasons of dro uylit to which it is liable, corn is never imported into that coJony. To suppose that Chilian corn would go to Australia on its road to England, knowing, as we do, that the ordinary route home from Australia is by Cape Horn, on account of the winds—to suppose that it would cross the whole Pacific Ocean twice is really to nduJge a supposition which even the agricultural mind could not entertain, (laughter.) Well, then, you have with respect to Australia a complete security that foreign corn will not come in under the name of colonial. With respect to Canada, you have only an imperfect security. You are, after all, liable to the evasion of the duty by smuggling; and 1 have no doubt that a considerable portion of American corn will come in under the form of Canadian without having paid the duty. Every argument that could be urged iu favour of the admission cf Canadian applies with redoubled force to the admission of Australian corn. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman next eajnn to the argument which had been so well described as the Pebbles-shire argument. (Laughter). Now, I wish to know upon which of these alternatives oes the right hon. gentleman take bis stand ? oes he resist the motion because so much corn ill come in, that it affords a just subject of alarm o his agricultural friends ? If that is the ground n which he objects to it, it follows that it would e of great advantage to the colonies. (Hear, ear), Or on the other hand, does the right hon. entleman refuse it because it is so small a boon hat it is immaterial to the colonies ? If he does, hen I want to know what becomes of the apprehensions of his agricultural friends? (Cheers an Ifughter). In point of fact, what is altogether u» mall and trifling quantity compared with thrf whole consumption of this country and the effect produced on the market, is not trifling when considered with reference to the colonies, (Hear.) The importance to them of sending to this country a comparatively small quantity of corn is very great, as it enables them to bring out vessels in freight which must otherwise come in ball 1st. In particular cases it must be of the utmost benefit to the Australian colonists. (Hear, hear.) But then, last of all, the right hon. gentleman came to what is more strictly the Peeblesshire augument. He says, 4 * this proposal is intended to apply to all the colonies; and as last year you brought it forward in a more general shape, why do you restrict it this year?" I will tell him why I think my hon. friend has acted wisely in restricting his motion to one particular colony at a time. Last year it was «rvgued with some effect in this bouse, that the bill might be carried much further than was inienard; that, in the case of India, for instance, the dominions of the native states were so intermixed with our own, that it would be impossible to prevent the corn of those states from coming in with the rest. There are various grounds applicable t<* different colonies which might in this manner be brought forward. Therefore, my hon. friend has acted wisely, I think, by pursuing the course lie has adapted. He s»ys, I bring you one crying case of 'pjustice ; I call upon you to remedythat injustice; I do not disguise from ynu that you will have to go further, and I am prepared to go futther now, if you wish it, butat ali events, ihis is a cryi'j'j and obvious c.ise of injustice ; remedy this, and we will then consider thn others." Surely, that is a very fine way of dealing with the question. (Hear, hear.) If trie right hon. gentleman is not satis£ed with tha*_, let him only crnsent to go into committee, and let him mov« as an amendment upon the word 11 Australia," " British possessions," and I am quite sure that he will receive no opp)sition from the hon. member for Gateshead. (Laughter.) Having Jaii down the principle that corn grown iu a British colony ought to be introduced inio this country it a nominal duty, in common justice and f^sr- 1 ess, you ought to apply it to the other colonies. (Hear, hear.) But sir, the real truth is—ami f believe there is no man who hears me who is noz sensible of that fact iu his heart—the real Irtish is, that the cause of the difference b that which has been alluded to by my right hon. friend the member for Portsmouth. (Hear, hear.) With respect to Canada, you thought it desirable to endeavour to purchase her regard and her good " ill. It was the sa:r.e miserable policy which the right hon. gentleman has, in my op inosi acted upon elsewhere, (cheers), to refuse that to a sense of justice wlrch he will grant to intimidation and fear. (Cheers.) It was that policy which was so justly and so emphatically denounced by my right hon. friend the member for Edinburgh, in a recent debate. (Hear, hear.) "Sir, lias not the right hon. gent'emau done mich;efenough by acting upon this policy elsewhere! (Cheer*..) Has he not, nearer home, done nrschie.f enough by teaching that fatal leason, that concession is to be expected from the British Parliament, at l^ast from the British Parliament when led bv the right hon. baronet, not when it is called for by a sense of justice and fairness, but when it is extorted by apprehension, and by symptoms that injustice will not be any longer tolerated? (Cheers) By adopiing this miserable pol cy you destroy all the grace of concession when it comes. (Hear, hear.) You render concession not advantageous but mischievous. (Hear, hear.) You ensure fuither and continued demands. (Hear, hear.) On the other hand, if you act fairly and openly, upon your own sense of justice, giving freely and largely to those who are not in a situation to excite your fears, whatever you think they are justly entitled to, and refusing to those who ask in a more menacing tone th;.t to which you think they are not justly entitled, if you prove by jour conduct that this is the policy upm whi-h you act,! believe you will not have to dread extravagant demands for the future. .(Hear, hear.) Sir, I do hope that this house will be careful how it teaches all our colonies this most fatal lesson ; because, after the speech of the right hon. gentleman, I think that th : s question has a jjeners 1 bearing upon our colonies, beyond that which it has upon the immediate matter in hand. (Hear, hear.) I maintain that, by refusing this coecession to Australia, you are teaching Canada that it has nothing to be grateful for. You teach it that what you have done has not been from a sense of justice, or for the common advantage of the empire, but that it was a bribe for acquiescing in the continuance of >our Government. It is like the money given by the lioman empire in its decline to the barbarians who were threatening at the gates—it is sure to purchase only further demands. On the other hand, if you now act to Australia, from which you have nothing to fear, as you have acted towards Canada, you are showing to your colonies generally that you are cctiDg on the principle of a large and liberal policy, and a desire to promote their welfare as integral portons of the Britibh empire. (Hear, hear.)* Sir, 1 hope the agricultural interest will be cautious how they support the right hon. baronet on this occasion. We ail know how easily he can call on them, after a certain time, to make very great and unexpected changes in their course. 1 therefore call on them to act in time, and of their own accord, in a spirit of liberality toward* the colonies, when they reflect upon the great difficuhits interposed by distance and other disadvantages to the introduction of corn for Australia, and when they reflect also how much a perseverance in the course now pursued by the right hon. baronet as regards this question is calculated to lower the character of a great party. (Hpar.) I ihall cordially support tfce motion of my hon (CUera.) 