\- EN'GLAND. . -TiJ. Tniu?i?YNINs ARTICLE?.--The rlev. C.. N. .Vodehouse'has addressed a letter to the Bishop of Norwich, ten dering the resignation of his benefice and canonry, on the ground of con Escentious* objections to certain parts, of the 'ritual which lie eannot take in their literal cce.ptation, alhourh hear, *tily conforming in all otlier respects to the dcoctrire and worship of the Estab ]ished Church. - He says that he Ilas adopted this course after a "protract ed, and harassing antd fruitless inquiry as to ihie meaning of subscription, amidst a great diversity of opinion, eveni from the best informed, who, instead of guiding me through a diffi chlty,' only increased my perplexity." The parts of the ritual to which he objects are, '"the damnatory clauses of the Athnnesiati Creed, the form of absolution in the office for the visita tion of the rick, and the following part of the form of ordaining priests': Receive the Holy Ghost for the oflice and work of a priest in the church of God, now coommitted unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins Ithlu dost (orgive. they are forgiven; and whose sins thou dygt retain, they are retained," &c.; Thi Bishop of Norwich refuses to accept the resig nation for three reasons, the most material of-whjch is the following:- ,'1ecause, co'fsidering' the number' and nature of mary of the proposi:ions included in our Thirty-nine Articles, the Homilies. and Boole of Common Prayer, to which assent is given by subscription, it is impossible that any niumber" of individuals should view such propositions in exactly the same light, and subscribe to them in pre cisely the same sense. L.atitudo in subscription is therefore absolutely un avoidable." The other reasons are that MIlr. WYodehouse's objections "are not inconsistent with a sincere and `.hearly attachment to the general doc trines of the church, and to the form of prayer prescribed by it," and that it would be manifestly unjust to allow hitm to resign his situation, whilst others, entertainiug the same objections, or even others "much further removed from 'the spirit of our Protestant Church," are allowed to retain theirs. In conclusion the Right Rev. Prelate sa3e, "I.t is impossib!e to shut our eyes to the obvious truth tlat 'a elearer explajiation Is required of some words and phrases that are rather of doubt ful stgnification, or otherwise liable to nll~construction,' to days Ike the pre sent, when out Church ii so fearfully divided' against itself, and suffering from dissetsisons and internal schiasmn 5 fir nmore dangerous and perplexing than those with which shte is assailed by adversaries %ithout her pale." Thl'e latest accournt from Oxford statelthat the project fore epewijatute to prevent fraudulent:a'ibcriploh of'the articles will, in all probability; ·be abandoned. The.William Turner, bound from Icha boe for Liverpool, which foundered, sith all hands, in Carnarvon Bay, on Friday or sanurday se'nnight, had it is said, about thirty people on board. In the year 1843 no fewer than 4500 human beings were confined in gaol for offences connected with the pieservation of hares anid pheasants, and during the last ten years forty-one game keepers have peished in attrays with poachers to say nothing of losses of life and limb amongst the latter. The Flemith papers state that [bO millions of cigars are annually .manu feoturd at Hamburgh, affording em ployment to 103,000 people. An order has been published lately in the principality of Lippe, prohibit lug any ptrson to sing in his own house after seven o'clock in the evening. The prohibition does not extend to taverns, Missrs Tesser and Triat, of Brussels, have invented an apparatus by which, it is said, steam carriages will be en abled to cross mountains, and to pass all kinds of curves without danger. 'The Rectot of the Propaganda ait Rome, has deno?incbd -certain assertions made by Sir C. E. Smith, at a recent No-Popery meetiig in Exeter-haill, as " wholly false." The total nuiiber of bankrdpts in England in 1844 was 1064. Of these, sixty-nine were innkeepers and licensed victuallers, lifty-three grocers, forty four builders, thirty- eight, merchants, twenty-eight tailors, and tednty one carpenters. Mr John -Hidcastle, who isade sich a manly stand respecting game against his landlord, the Earl of Esaser, has re ceived notice to quit. On the other hand, his brother larmers mean to pre sent him ivith a piece of platie. Thie total produce of' the Scotch pig iron manrufacture in 1844 was 3-16,G00 tons, and the average price delivered at Glasgow. .£2 16s per ton. The Pelican sloop, on her way from China with the Chinese ransom money, 'was obliged to put into Batavia for re, pairs, and on examination, it was found that she had fifty feet of plank perlectly rotten and worm eaten. Rare manage. men t. Mr E? ing, of Levenside, has purchased Dumbarton Muir, comprising 4500 acres, £O00, being at the rate of £~ per acre. During an exhibition of fireworks, at Northampton, a-few days ago, a rocket, in the act of being fired, slipped, abd was discharged amongst the spectators, one of whom (a woman) it struck on the head and, penetrating the brain, killed her on the spot. The London Standard denounces ah assertion of the Morning Chronicle, to the effect that the Times is the organ of Lord Aberdeen, as-a " toul imputa tion,-l'oul in every sense-" Tile hell of Mr M'Naughten's church, at Paisley, has been stolen away; not, it is said, by ordinary thieves, but by some of the Free Church party, who hold their heads pretty high in the town, Five persons, three pilots and two seamen, were drowned on Mlonday se'n night near Cutmbrae leads, by the run ning down of their boat by the Ameri can ship Olive Branch, bound from Greenock to Savannah, At St Maloes, on the 15th instant, a shock of an earthquake was felt which lasted about eight seconds. On,the 4th of September last there where two vio leot shocks at Lima, but no material damage was done. A letter to Lloyd's dated Taganrog, Dec 11, announces the loss of fiive British vessels us the ice, viz., the schooner Elizabeth. the -Anne Metcalfe, the Countess of Duumore, the llants, and the British Queen. Crews saved. The aull Packet states that the barque Ann, from lchaboc, with a cargo of guano, having struck on Hasboroughr Sand. and sh;ijped some water, took fire almost instantaneously, by sponta neous combustion, and shortly after was blown to pieces with a loud explosion, the crew barely escaping with their lives. During a trial-trip in the Brstol Chan nel lately, the steam ship Great Britain sailed nineteen miles in one hour and nine minutes. The tratlIe on. the thirty-eight prino cipal railways of Great l3ritain and their branches, 1755 miles in all, during the last six mouths of 1844, amounted to £3,264,450. The Wallis and Gambier Islands have been takein under tihe irotectorate of France, in virtue of conventions betweens French naval oflicers and the native kings. A line little boy, two and a half years old, son ot Capt. Morgat, of Commercial Road London, died ou Friday last its conisquence of eating a piece of candie, which produced violent vomitings atnd convIulsions. SAt an iaquest held in London. last week, on an Italian boy, who died in consequence of his master's cruelty and neglect, it was stated that there are in Eiglaind upwards of a thousand Italian organ-iboys, who draw from the public annually a sum exceeding £20000. 'Ilhe amount ot customs received in 1844 at Glasgow, Greenockl, and Port Glasgow, was £?1,070,351, ais increase of -l13,197 compared with 1843, at Leith £631,9±688, an increase of £3918 1Il..9gd. A petitiou is in course of signature at Mlerlthyr 'lydvil, praying that a Local Court's BOil, with a clause requiring a knowledge of the Welsh slauguage Irom the Judges of the Local Courts in Wale., Itn*V pts' into a JaW." The foundation stone of a dock for steam vessels has been laid at Ports, mouth. A vacancy has occurred in the repre. sentation of East Cornwall, by the ac cession of Lord Elliot to the peerage, on the death of his father;'the Earl of St. Germainis. It is stated that his Lordship will be succeeded as Irish Secretary, by the Ron. S. Herbert. The Historical Register states, as a positive fact, that the Duke of Welling ton is engaged on a plan for the forti fication of London, a la Paris, in antici pation of a war with France on the death of Louis Phillippe. If so, we doubt not that Parliament will put an extinguisher on so absurd and ex pensive a crotchet. Charles Lamb has been committed for trial in the Central .Criminal Court, charged with the murder of John Brill, a4d sixteen, in a wood at Ruislip, in 1837. 