GRATTAN. I [FBOM THE MEHOIBS OF A STATESMAN : BLACKWOOD.] I THE house was at length hushed, and Grattan rose. I cannot revert to the memory of that extraordinary man without » mixture of admi ration and melancholy, admiration for his talents and melancholy for the feeling that such talents should expire with the time and be buried in the common dust of the sepulchre. As a sena torial orator he was incontestably the greatest I ever heard. With but little pathos, and with no pleasantry, I never heard any man so uni versally, perpetually, and powerfully command the attention of the house. There was the re mark able peculiarity tn his language that, while the happiest study of others is to conceal their art, his simplicity had the manner of art. lt was keen, concentrated, and polished by nature. Ris element was grandeur: the plainest cou ceptiou, in his hands, assumed a i of Unes» and power which élevât d the n: J nd of his hearers as much as it convinced their reason. As it was said of Mietiael \ngelo that every touch of his chisel was life, and that he stiuck *'uï features and foi nts from the marble with «he power of a creator, Gratton's mastery of the high concep tions was so innate, that he invested every topic with a sudden magnitude which gave the most casual things a commanding existence to the po pular eye. It was thus that the grievance of a casual impost, the delinquencies of a police the artifices of an election, or the informalities of a : measure of finance, became under his hand his I torie subjects, immortal themes, splendid fea ; tures, and recollections of intellectual triumph. ' If the pyramids were built to contain the dust of ! nameless kings, and sacrificed cattle,his eloquence ! erected over materials equally transitory memo rials equally imperishable. His style has b. en criticised, and has bee« called affected and epigrammatic. But what is style to the true orator ? His triumph is effect. What is lo him its compound ? What is it to the mau who has the thunderbolt in his hands of what* various, nay, what earthiy, nay, what vaporous, maleita! it may be formed ? Its blaze, its rapidity, and its penetration are its essential value ; and, smiting, piercing, and consuming, it is the instrument of irresistible power. But Grattan was an orator by profession, aud the ou!y one of his day. The great English speakets adopted oratory simply as the means of their public superiority. Pitt's was the oratory of a ruler of empire ; with Fox oratory was the strong, massive, and yet flexible instrument of a leader of party. But with Grattan it was a faculty, making a portion of the man, sea nv I y connected with external things, and neither curbed nor gu id td by the necessities of his po litical existence. If Grattan had been boru among the back woodsmen he would have been an orator, and have been persuasive arnon 2 tue men of thc hatchet and the rifle. Wherever the tongue of tuan could have given superiority, or the fl o iv aud vigour of conception could have given pleasure, he would have attained eminence and dispensed delight. If he ha.; not found au audience he would have addressed the torrents and the trees ; he would have sent forth his voice to the inaccessible mountains, and have appealed to the ¡«scrutable stars. lt ts ad milted, that, in the suffering condition of Ire land, he had a prodigious opportunity ; but, 1 among thousands of bold, ardent, and iule'lec j tual men, what is his praise who alone rushes to; their front and seizes the opportunity ? The English rule over the sister country has been charged sometimes as tyranny, which wa* a libel, aud sometimes as injustice, which was an error: but it had an unhappy quality, which em braced the evils of both ; it was invidious. Th" only map of Ireland which lay before the Eng lish Cabinet of the eighteenth century was the map of the sixteenth, a chart spotted with the gore of many battles, not the les3 bloody that they were obscure, and disfigured with huge dis coloured spaces of barbarism. They forgot the lapse of time, and that time had since covered >he graves of the past with a living race and was filling up the swamps of the wilderness with the vigour and the passions of a new and glowing people. They still governed on the guidance of the obsolete map, and continued to administer a civilised nation wi h the only sceptre fit fo< barbarism-the sword. By a similar miscon ception, while they declared the islands one indi visible empTe, they governed them on the prin ci pie of eternal separation. No Irishman was ever called across the narrow strait between th* two countries to take a share in the office o enjoy the honors of England. Irish ambition, thwarted in its own country, might wander for ever, like Virgil's unburied ghost, on the banks of the Irish Channel, without a hope of passing that political Styx. The sole connexion of the islands, was between Whitehall and the Castle, between power and placemen, between cabinets and viceroys. It never descended to the level of nation. It was a slight and scarcely visible communication, a galvanic wire, significant only at the extremities, instead of a public language and human association ; instead of a bond ot heart with heart, an amalgamation of people with people. Posterity will scarcely believe that the neglect of unity should have so nearly approached to the study of separation. Even the coin of the two countries was different in impress and in value; the privileges of trade were different ; the tenure of property was dif ferent; the regulations of the Customs (things which penetrate through all ranks) were diffe rent: and a whole army of revenue officers were embodied to carry on those commet cia I hostilities. The shores of the sister islands pre seitted to each other the view of rival frontiers and the passage of a fragen mt of Irish produce was as impracticable as if it bad been contraband of war. It was Grattan who first broke down this barrier, and he thus rendered the mighty service of doub ling the strength of the empire ; perhaps rendered the still mightier service of averting its separation and its ruin. As the nation had grown strong it had grown sullen : its disgust was ripening into wrath ; and its sense of injury might speedily have sought its relief in national revenge. And yet it is only justice to acknowledge that this evil arose simply from negligence on the part of England ; i that there was no design of tyranny, none of the capriciousness of superiority, none of the sultan spirit in the treatment of the ray ah. But no mi nister had yet started up in English councils capable of the boldness of throwing open the barrier ; none of intellectual stature sufficient to look beyond the oíd partition wall of the countries ; no o sample of that statesmanlike sagacity which discovers in the present the shape of the future, and pierces the mists which, to inferior minds, magnify th* near into giant siz^, while they extinguish the distant altogether. But no mnn can ever write ti-e anna's of England without a growing consciousness that magnanimity has been ihe instinct of her dominion; that she has been liberal on principle anti honfst by nature ; that even, in the chillest and darkest hour of her sovereignly, th's influence has existed un impaired, and. like gravitation on the globe, that it has accompanied ai<d impelled her, day and night alike, through the whole circuit of her proud and powerful career. This was the glorious period of G rattan's public life. HU task, by universal confession, was the noblest that could be enjoined on man, and he sus tained it wi h powers fitted to its nobleness On the latter pcriion of Iiis history I have no desire to j touch. The most hazardous temptation of early ¡eminence is the fondness which it generates for perpetual publicity. The almost preternatural trial j of human fortitude is, to see faction, with i's vulgar i and easy triumph, seizing the fame which was onfre to be won only by the purest and rarest achieve ments of patriotism. When the banner, which had flamed at the head of the nation on their march to right, and which was consigned to the hand of Grattan as its legitimate bearer, was raised again, in a day threatening the subversion of every throne of Europe, he exhibited a jealousy of his obscure competitors unworthy of his renown. But he did not join in their procession. He was unstained. If he felt the avarice of ambition, be exhibited no decay of that original dignity of nature which, in his poli ical nonage, had made him the leader of bearded men, and a model to the maturity of his country's virtue. On this night he spolie with remarkable power, but in a style wholly distinct from his former ap peal to the passions of the house. His accent.*, usually sharp and high, were now lingering and low ; his fiery phraseology was solemn and touch ing, and even his gesture, habitually wild, distorted, and pantomimical, was subdued and simple. He seemed to labour under an avowed impression of the share which the declamatory zeal ot" his party had to lay to its charge in the national pei il. But I never saw more expressive evidence of his genius than on this night of universal consternation. His language, ominous and sorrowful, had the force of an oracle. No e}'e or ear strayed from him for a moment, while he wandered dejectedly among lite leading events of the time, throwing a brief and gloomy light over each in passing, as if he carried a funeral Tamp iu his band, and was straying among tombs. This was to me a wholly new aspect of his extraordinary faculties. I had regat ded rapidúy, brilliancy, and boldness of thought as his insepa rable attributes ; but his speech was now a magni ficent elegy. I bad seen him when he furnished my mind almost with Ute image of some of those men of might and mystery sent to denounce the guilt, and heap coals of fire on the heads of na tions. He now gave me the image of the prophet, lamenting over the dissolution which he had once proclaimed, and deprecating less the crimes than the ca'amities of the land of his nativity. I never was more struck with the richness and variety of his conceptions, but their sadness was sublime. Again I desire to guard against the supposition that I either did homage to hts talents or his po I litical views. From the latter I often and deeply j dissented, in the former I could ofîen perceive the I infirmity that belongs even to the highest natural ? powers. He was no " faultlcsj monster." I ara I content to recollect him as a first-rate human being. ! He had enemies, and may have them still. But ail j private feelings are hourly more and mora extiti ! guished in the burst of praise, still ascending round I the spot where his dtist is laid. Time does ulti I mate justice to al! ; and while it crumbles down, the I fabricated fame only clears and separates the solid I renown from the common level of things. The foibles of human character pass away. The fluc tuations of the human features are forgotten in the fixed majesty of the statue ; and the foes of the living man unite in carrying the memorial of the mighty dead to its place in that temple where pos terity comes to refresh its spirit, and elevate its nature with the worship of genius and virtue. 