ENGLISH. FLEET PRISON. AMONG the striking revolutions of great towns, are the chances which take place in the destinations of buildings, streets, or wider localities. A chapel becomes a senate house ; a royal palace a bridewell ; the resort of courtiers a haunt for street-beggars and pickpockets ; the site of the stocks is occupied by the official residence of the chief magis- trate. A large town of any decent antiquity presents a very puzzle of ancient associations. The London of this century and the London of one or two centuries ago are the same and not the same. Were spirits permitted to revisit this world, the disembodied mem- bers of the Long Parliament, who used to take their recreation in Tothil Fields, would be much astray among the squalid and noisome labyrinth of courts which now oc- cupy them ; and some fifty years hence, when the Pimlico Palace is surrounded on all sides by a now West-end, the ghosts of the respectable characters who used to keep fighting-dogs, for the amusement of the Westminster scholars, in the purlieus of the sanctuary, would he lost and bewildered amid fashionable circuses, squares, and terraces The environs of the Fleet Prison have had their share of these changes ; and now the Prison itself—the citadel, the last refuge of old associations—has been assaulted and carried. When the Highland bard passed by Balclutha and saw its walls desolate, the thistle waving its lonely beard and the fox looking out of the window, the sense of de- sertion impressed by these symptoms was scarcely greater than what is awakened by beholding the Fleet Prison undergoing the process of demolition. Its foxes—and its share of human foxes has been ample—have been removed ; nor could any loiterer of the pack well look out of the window, for win- dows in its external wall it has none. But to see its blank visage beplastered with bills of sale, the workmen unroofing the porter's lodge—to catch a glimpse, through the no longer closely fastened door, of iron bars and spikes now useless—to watch curious passengers entering and issuing freely at the bidding of a faint curiosity—all bespeak an edifice " dying away from human thoughts and purposes." Prisons would seem to have a liking for sociality as well as human beings ; else how can we account for the cluster of them ga- thered so neighbourly on the banks of the fleet ?—Newgate, and the Fleet, and Giltspur Compter ; and though Ludgate has long ceased to wall in the debtor, its memory survives. A melancholy record is the his- tory of that region-both of its saged felons and political delinquents or martyrs, here- tics or martyrs of a purer faith caged within, and the future gaol-birds in training, in every nook and cranny, between and around the walls of the fastness. There have been times when men almost seemed to invert the order of nature and apply the inside of the prison to uses for which the outside alone was appropriate. A prison never was meant to be a habitation for men so gentle and so good as the first Quakers, who were some- times confined in the Fleet ; and still less was it meant as a depôt for smuggled goods, which it actually became for a considerable time under the favouring auspices of the wretched police-regulations in the early part of the reign of George III. Incidents like these mark, more strongly than weightier political events, the intolerant spirit or im- becile government of a nation in a particular age. And the celebrated Fleet marriages are possibly still more characteristic of the age to which they belonged. The distance and the drive lend an air of romance to a Gretna Green marriage ; but the Cockney Gretna Green was in the central resort of the thieves and vulgar vice of London—the the indelicacy of a gently-nurtured lady tying the nuptial knot amid such witnesses was forced upon observation ; it implies a coarseness in the moral sentiment of the age whon such things happened. Older tra- ditions are associated wiih the Fleet Prison and its vicinity. Turbulent Barons have been confided to it in very old times ; the victima of Laud's pragmatical persecutions have been imprisoned there ; but it is as part and parcel of the age which had its pe- culiarities immortalised by Fielding, Ho- garth, and Smollett, that tho Fleet will be remembered. The elegant genius of Pope is associated with it by allusions in the Dun- ciad ; Goldsmith's by his temporary residence in the vicinity ; but the Fleet Prison belongs to the rough, licentious, yet withal sturdy and independent time of Fielding, Walpole, (the statesman, not the dilletante,) Steele, Mandeville, Clarke, and Doddridge—the early days of the Hanoverian æra. There is no demolition so entire as that which takes place within the purlieus of a busy metropolis. After thousands of years have passed, the sites of Egyptian and Baby- lonian temples and palaces can still be re- cognized in the waste wilderness. Nay, mo- numents are daily met with in remote se- questered districts, looking like the handi- work of man, whose builders have been en- tirely forgotten. But where living and busy men daily resort, the building which has be- come frail and useless is supplanted by ano- ther, and leaves no trace more than the pas- sage of a bird through the air. Nature wages a long and desultory war with the structures of man, and obliterates them slowly ; but man speedily tramples into irre- cognizable atoms the plaything which he has made and of which he has become tired. In a few years it will be a more hopeless task to attempt to delinieate the ground-plan of Fleet Prison amid the hum and bustle of London than the ground-plan of Birs Nim- rod on the silent lonely banks of the Eu- phrates. 