MTE1ÂTOML THE STOBY OF A EEATHEB. $K JSrjustttjJ iertrffltr. (A Storyfrom "Pusten.") CHAPTER XXXZU. ( Continued (Vom our lost.) A CONSPIRACY AGAINST PATTE- MORE VISITORS TO NEWGATE. THE MISSES PEACHICK OF MAN- TRAP PARK. " DIDN'T you say you wanted to go into the prison ?" asked .Traply of Patty ; for the turnkey became more impatient of the unprofitable delay of herself und friends. Fatty instantly grasped the hand of Mrs. Lint ley, and looking farewell to the apothecary and Inglewood, with a forced smile upon her face, hurried from the room, followed by Traply. " God help lier I" exclaimed Lintley. "Amen-amen 1" cried Inglewood, as from a writhing heart. Mrs! Lintley could say nothing, but weeping, placed her arm beneath her husband's, who, pressing jt in token of conciliation, led her away. Nobody remained, save the widow, her maid Becky, and Mrs. Traply; the widow exclaiming against the stonyheartedness of all the world, and the turnkey's wife eloquently sympathising with her. The passion of Mrs. Cramp grew and grew with nursing ; at length, in a paroxysm of love and grief, she vowed she would give her last shilling to the lawyers, rather than see her Edward mur- dered. . He-the dear man 1-had, with his own sweet lips» vowed to her his innocence; and yet the world was made up of such wretches, they would not believe him 1 Nevertheless, ?he would spend her last shilling upon him. Poor, departed Mr. Cramp 1 How-thought I-would it irk your ghost, could it know that alt the harvest of y.iur daily shuffling-all the bright, bliss- bestowing guineas, for which for a long life you played at bo-peep with the devil,-all were to be emptied into the bags of law, to save a highwayman for your disconsolate mate 1 Had Joseph Cramp toiled, and edged, and scraped,-and all to buy from Tyburn a husband for his widow ? Surely, I thought, if elderly folk would now and then-whilst chaffering and fibbing in the world's market- place for the over- reaching pennyworth-if they would ponder on the future outlay of their gains when tbey themselves should be slabbed over with a flattering gravestone, they would let many a bar- gain slip, and with it many a sin I But no, with such folks the spirit of hard-dealing is a spirit hostile to death. It is impossible-thinks the hard huckster-that death should be so unmannerly as to surprise mc in the middle of a bargain. No : with the miser, every guinea got is a nail out of his coffin. And so, chuckling, he draws nail and nail, and promises him- self the days of Methusaleh, when abruptly comes Mr. Under- taker with his screw,-a surer implement than the sword of Cosar. Airs. Traply was at length left alone, when, with housewife alacrity, putting her room straight, she placed me in a bureau amongst her other treasures. As she did so, she cried, " There's so many people about that Patty, she'll never be able to put it to.rights. If she gets off, I dare s.iy she'll be like the rest, and never think of the kindness she's had in Newgate ; and if she shouldn't, why then the thing's impossible." It was thus the turnkey's wife speculated upon the life and death of Patty Butler-upon the condition of an ostrich feather I I was shut up in nn old wainscot bureau, through which the light glimmered in twenty creaks, though not sufficiently to allow me to discern surrounding objects. I could, however, distinguish nearly every word that was uttered, though the sound came to me somewhat muffled. Hence, there was enough to alarm me for poor Patty. One whole day I was left in continual terror. Poor, dear Patty I I pictured her to myself in that dreary prison, surrounded by objects of misery and of vice in their thousand dreadful apparitions. I trembled for her : and then, remembering her sweet, invincible patience, the mighty gentleness of her heart, I knew she would retire within her own nature, enshrined from prison-taint : 1 had no j fear of the crystal purity of her soul, but I trembled for her life, and, indeed, with good cause, from the voices 1 heard about me. My first London purchaser, Shudrach Jacobs, the i old Jew, was a visitor at the hearth of Air. Traply. Ile had ,-ItaaB. tkiwn Putt» in ihn or i son. anil hnc"»-'-' .».?* '.- -«-»-»-- > no, he never was, in all his life. And then, Mrs. Gaptooth would talk in a low voice to Shadrach, and afterwards laugh horribly. I shuddered, as I felt assured that the life of poor Patty was chaffered for by wretches. Then I heard Curl well, in a voice of remonstrance, declare that he would have fuir play; and then, twitted by Mrs. Gaptooth, who would call upon him to be a man, and not be made a fool of by a brasen slut, he would vow "he'd rather see her hanged than see another man have her." Mrs. Gaptooth would then declare "she was too good for him, but he must have his own way. She had no spite against the wench for her impudence ; none -she couldn't feel spite for the poorest thing in the world-it wasn't by no means in her natur ; nevertheless, she'd go and see her hanged with the greatest pleasure." The reader may believe that, from these broken sentences, I could piece out sufficient to make me tremble for Patty. Days passed on, and from what 1 could hear, the next day was appointed for the trial of Clickly Abram and his confede- rate, as she was called. Patty Butler. Now it was the custom of Mrs. Traply-I know not whether it be common with the sex-to visit the treasures in her bureau, at least once a day. She would take up, and hang over, and smile and nod at various odds and ends of silk, and ribbon, and lace ; and now and then sigh at an old fan, as though it brought back to her the days when she danced at Chester with Sir Mohawk Brush. The remnants of by- gone frippery among which I was placed, teemed to lie poor Mrs. Trnply to the out-door world. There «ere laces in that bureau, knitted up with the strings of her maiden heart. There were pieces of silk which reminded her of her lustrous youth, when Newgate was to her a fable; a gloomy dream ; and nothing more. Then would she sigh and that sigh spoke of sad experience of hard Newgate stones. It happened then that Mrs. Traply, in a mild, melancholy mood, took me, the morning before the trial, from my dark abiding-place. What she purposed with me I know not, bul she was about to carry me from the room, when she was arrested in her intent by the sound of her husband. By the softened tones of his voice, I concluded that he was about to introduce Newgate visitors into his domestic retreat I was right. The turnkey showed into his room three ladies and a gentleman ; and as they entered, Mrs. Traply at the same time curtseyed, and flung me on the top of the bureau. The male, and one of the female visitors, I immediately recognised M Mr. and Mrs. Flamingo, under whose auspices, it may be remembered, I was dressed For the Prince of Walet's cradle. They were accompanied by two elderly ladies : and I will here set down what I subsequently learned of them. They were maiden sisters, Miss Amelia and Miss Leonora 1'eachick, of Man-trap Park, in the county of Devonshire. They seemed, at first sight, as indeed they afterwards proved, sweet, good hearted old women. Age and celibacy had not soured their tempers, but mellowed them. I have, indeed, remarked through life, that, where the female heart withstands the withering, chilling influence of singleness, it becomes rich, ripened with . thousand virtues, that render it one of the noblest hearts of the world. And thus it was with the Misses Pcachick. To this excellence, they united a simplicity of mind almost childish. 1 hey were both oran age not to be spoken of, and this was their first visit to London. To them lire had been a tolerably long walk upon lamb's-wool ; and they knew little of misery, save ofthat misery in novels, which is generally hung with golden fringe at the end. Hence, in London, they were jn (t perpetual state of agitation, from the objects of crime and wretchedness which beset them. Every day they vowed they would start for Man- trap Park, there to end their days, forgetful, if possible, of the horrors they had seen ; and every day Mr. and Mrs. Flamingo prevailed upon them to lengthen their visit : there was something yet so beautiful-to interest- ing* they reust behold. What would their friends In Devon Shire say, If they did not? I know not ifdestiny had ordered it as a reward or trial of the virtues of the maiden Peacbicks, that they should be sent at first-floor ledger» to the house of Flamingo; there, how- ever, they were, end, under the potent persuasion of the feather, merchant, there they promised some time to remain. It wat in vain that they protested they bad seen enough of London ; Mr. Flamingo knew better. " No, no," cried the elder Mist Peachick, 'at she came timidly into the room, " I've had quite enough of this dreadful 'placel Dear mel Well, how anybody can live with bolts drawn upon them I And yon mean to tay, Mr. Flamingo, that all those men and women-the poor prisoners, Heaven bleu 'em I-that they've all really done something wrong ? They don't look like it. There must be some mistake." " Most of 'em old hands, my lady," said Traply. " Confirmed thieves and murderers,1' observed Flamingo, glibly. " It can't be," cried Miss Leonora; « it's flying in the face of goodness to believe it." .. And is that poor woman a criminal, too?" asked Miss Amelia, pointing at Mrs. Traply. " My wife, my lady," said the turnkey ; and then added, with a grin, "sometimes a criminal for all that." " Ha ! and the good woman helps you to lock the poor things up, 1 suppose? And you live here, ch? Well, bless mel And you never let the prisoners out for an airing? They never toke a ride, poor things?" asked Miss Leonora Peachick, in the innocence of fifty-three and rustic life. " Never take a ride, my lady," answered Traply, that officer being mightily tickled by the simplicity of his guest ; " never ride, 'cept when they go to be hanged." " Don't talk in that way, my good man ; it's impossible," cried Miss Amelia. " Why, you'll never tell me that they'll have the heart to kill any of those dear creatures we've just left. There's that sweet-looking littles girl" "What, she I Click Abram's wife, as they call her ? Ila, my lady !" and Traply tried to look grave. " Law's all luck ; but if she hasn't a good share of it, I wouldn't give the valley of a neck of mutton for hers." " What ! kill that innocent mild-looking ¡-Come away, Leonora ; come away, child. Don't let us stop in this wicked place, for fear it should fall upon us." " My dear madam," said Flamingo, " there's more to sec yet." " We've seen quite enough of London," cried Amelia. " Quite," said Leonora ; '* and nothing that's innocent and fit for Christian people to sec but Mr. Gaind, the wax-work, Westminster Abbey, and" " The Tower and Bedlam is thought something of," mid Flamingo, with a critical air. " Oh I the king's crown and ths jewels are very well-very respectable, and all that I Dut, Bedlam 1-Well, I do hope," cried Miss Amelia, with the tears nearly iu her eyes-" I do hope that the poor people aro really mad, for then they can't know how badly they use 'em." " Come along. I shall die if I stop here," said Miss Leonora. " Pray, come, Mr. Flamingo." " Certainly-to be sure ; and then, in our way back, we can peep at the debtors through the bars of tho Fleet. Bless you, ladies I you bavn't half seen London ; there's enough to delight you yet for a week." The malden sisters, without an answer, fluttered from the room, Mr. and Mrs. Flamingo, with suppressed laughter, following them ; and Mr. Truply conveying to his wife, by the eloquence of his looks, the most contemptuous opinion of his visitors. The day passed -the next tiny came. It was the first day of the sessions. Mrs. Traply had tnkeu me from the top of the bureau, where 1 had remained from the first appearance of the Miss Peachicks. She stood, ponJeiing, I know not what; holding tne between her fingers, when her husband-it was a busy duy-hurried in. "There >ou are again, thinking o' nothing but that cust feather," he cried, snatching me from lier hunds, and about to throw me into the fire. Ile then paused, and thrusting me under his waistcoat, ran from the room, his wife vainly clamour- ing after him. In a few minutes-for I could peep very well fiom the bosom of the turnkey-1 was in the court of the Old Bailey. It was the duty of Traply to stand in the duck near tu the prisoners. Ile took his place close to Click A brain and Patty Butler-there and then arraigned before the Bunch. (To be continued.) 