:F T i vant 'lDieutcn's Uanb, THE SACRAMENT OF. CONFIRMATION AT ,;ST. fOSEPH'S CHURCH. T:. (:rom the Cornwall Chronicle.) 'On Sunday ri'rning this Sacrament was admi •,nistered by the Rilght Rev. Bishop Willson, with all the, soleinhities observed in the Roman Catholic C hurch. A?"large concourse attended 'to witness the Inter ,eting ceremony, consisting of persons of all deno aninations, In addition to {he usual congregation, " there ere inany from the suburbs' and country :dis?ricts, as 'well as some of the most influential gentlemen fnd la'dles of' Launceston, for whose , accomlmodation every-care and attention was dis played by Mr. O'Halloran, and the' other wardens and managers of the Church. The service corn .merced at 11 o'clock; but long before that hour every avallable part of tlhi building was occupled. There were fifty-four caudidates for confir'matlon, namely, thirty-three females and twenty-onrie males,; . 'alibot .twelve 'of these were' adults,'but "tihe others ,,Mereyoung personschilefly under the age of sixteein. , ie'fema;ls were d?essedl:iwhlte, which, with theiri SSTaple hodds! of the same, gave them a most inter. esting "appearance, reminding us of the ancient practice of the Church, whose;members; on certain occasions, appeared in a similar, garb, representing that purity of heart and sanctity of, life which con stitute a fit-preparation for the gift of the Paracleto, or Divine Comforter. The candidates knelt in front of the altar ; the females at the right,- and. the males on the left. After High Mass had been celebrated, and the usual collection, made, for. the. liquidation of the church building debt, the Bishop commenced the sermon, taking his;text from 1st of. Corinthians, c. 2, and part of 10th and 11thyerses. .His Lord ship adverted to the Divine institution of the Sa crament, and the obligation of theo Church. to a faithful observance thereof- noticing that from their extreme simplicity, the. sceptical, and pro fane, were often led to despise and ridicule them"; but this resulted from gross ignorance, not know ing the Divine- method of operation in the world, and the church. The grace of God -is communi cated to the souls of man,: through simple and (to human :reason) unlikely channels; but Scripture abounds with instances in which great effects were made to result from the most insignificant causes. -Many (for example), might be inclined-to under rate the miracles performed by .our blessed Saviour on the blind man,' because,. He .first spat on the -ground, and made' clay. with the spittle, with which lheo anointed - the eyes of the blind. : Our Saviour could have spoken the word, and healed him without the clay, or the spittle, without using any means at all, had heso 'willed.. In this way the Almighty works, and who'.dares to say that: He shall not work when, and how, He pleases P 'If he chooses to use a pbor' sinful man like" myself," said the Bishop, " and by the 'laying on of hands--the signing with tli sign of the cross-and the anoint ing of oil (instrumentally) to dispense the blessings of his grace, who shall dispute his infinite power or right to do so P His Lordship next explained the nature of this Sacrament, and referred to the account given by St. Lukein the book of Acts,shewing that after the Samaritans had received the word of God, by the preaching of Phillip, the Apostles sent two of their number (Peter and John) who laid their hands upon them, and prayed with them, and they received the Holy Ghost, for as yet He was not come upon -them-they had only: been baptised' in the name of the Lord Jesus. From this the Bishop proved that after baptism by the priest, it is necessary for per sons when they come to mature age, to receive the right of confirmation at the hands of the Bishop, as the representative of the Apostles. His Lordship, in very clear and convincing terms, explained the benefits to be derived, and the dispositions to be cul tivated by, as well as the obligations devolving on persons coming to be confirmed. Want of space prevents our giving, in detail,the admirable sermon, which was listened to, with respectful attention, by the numerous audience.' After sermon, and tilhe usual prayers, the Bishop proceeded to administer the sacrament. He was seated at the Altar, a Priest standing at his right, and one at his left hand, in which the Bishop held the Pastoral Staff. The candidates advanced, and knelt in couples before him, and as the holy rite was administered, proceeded to their respective seats. " The Bishop takes the name of each person to be confirmed, which may either be the name they had in baptism, or. the name of any Saint they may choose for their. Patron, and makes the sign of the cross, on the forehead of each, with the chrism or consecrated oil, saying . N. Siyno te signo cruel.. 'Et confirmo to chris mate salntts In Nomine Patris, et .F'1It et 'Spiritus sasietti. Amen. " N. I sign thee with the sign of the cross, and I confirm thee. with the chrism of salvation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. -Amen. Here he gives the person confirmed a little blow on the cheek, saying " Paar tecuam" (Peace be with thee) to signify that henceforth, lie is to be ready like a true'soldier of Jesus Christ, to suffer patiently, all kinds of alfronts, and injuries for his faith, and for the cause of his Lord. The chrism with which the sacrament is admin istered is a compound of oil and of olives, and balm or balsam, solemnly consecrated by the Bishop on Maunday Thursday, kept with great veneration in the church, and made use of only on the consecra tion of bishops, churches, altars, chalices, &c.;, and whatever is once anointed with this sacred chrism, is looked upon as specially dedicated to the service of the Supreme Being. After the ceremony was concluded, the Bishop washed his hands and in the mean time a suitable anthem was sung by the Choir, in which .a part of the band of the 96th Regiment assisted. The Bishop then delivered to tlhe parties confirmed a short and eloquent address, inculcating (amongst other things) the duty of living in peace and cha rity with our neighours. "Never'," said he, "since I had the use of reason, could I understand why human beings should bite and devour each other, because they did not agree in opinion on religious subjects; I believe that (as a Catholic) I am in the right, that God has blessed me with His gracious gift, to belong to His Church, whose doctrines, I believe are divine, and whose precepts are holy, and I am bound to use this gift to His honour ; but is tiat a reason why I should be at enmity with my fellow beings, or wish to injure them, because they do not think as I do P By no means; we hre bound to study our Saviour's exaniple on this subject, and to remember His golden maxim, that,' ' Whatsoever we would that men .should do to us, we should do'to them.' And my. dearly beloved children in Christ, (lie added, with considerable emotion,) I pray God to deprive meof the gift df speech, and of the use of my hand rathler than I should by my tongue, or my pen, strive toinjure another on account of any religious.diflerences. Ipress this subject upon you all-on Pastor, and people feeling how necessary' it is, in a' corrupt world like this, to' live and act, in 'the true spirit of christian peace 'and charity. : The Robe- and other Paraphernalia' used on the occasion were really magnificent. The Mitre, and -Rochet appeared to us, to be chaste and superb spe cimens of workmanship.- The Pastoral Staff, and thie Pectoral Cross also attracted notice, they are of superior copper, overlaid with gold, and orna mented in a tasteful manner with precious stones. We believe they are tie product of an eminent artist of the name of Pughi, who has lately distinguished himnself for his successful efforts in restoring the ancient church architecture of England. The splen did Satin Cope, W:orn by the Bishdp was that pre sented to His Lordship by an affectionate congrega tlon at Nottingham in England, on his leaving them to take charge of the Church in this Colony. A serious misunderstanding appears, to. have arisen .between- his Excellency Sir E. Wilmot and the Legislatlve Council, on the question.of the esti Smates, It appears that ithe estimates were brought forward on the - 21th ultimo,' and proceeded with although a quorum of the members were not present. On the.following day Mrq (regson protested against the proceedings,: and a motion for an adjournment having been lost by the Governor's gasting vote, four of the members, Messrs. Dry, Kermode, Greg son, and Fenton,. left the Councll.Chamber. His Excellcncy. said the opposition rose from factious motives. On the following day the subject was resumed,; and someangry feeling exhibited. On the next day, Friday, a protest against the proceed in s,signedby Messrs. Swanston, Dry,Kerr,Greg son,Fenton, and Kermode, was presented, but not ad mitted on account of some irregularity. Mr. Greg son then proposed that the estimates should. be post-; poned. This was, lost by the Governor's. casting vote, upon which all the unofficial members left the Council Chamber. . I -?"--' '~~- " 