A YANKEE STORY. AT a la'e boar, tbe other night, the door of an oyster-house in our city was thrust open, aad in stilkcd a hero from the Sucker State. He was quite six feet high, spare, somewhat stooped, wi«h a hungry, anxious countenance, and his hands pushed clear down to his breeches pockets, HU outer cover ing was hard to define ; but, after surveying it minutely, we came to the conclusion that this suit had been made in his boyhood, of a dingy, yellow, linsey- woolsey, and that,having sproutad up with astonishing rapidity, ha bad been forced te piece it out with all colours, io order to keep pace with bis body, tu spite of his exertions, however, be had fallen io arrears about a foot ct the necessary length, aad, conse quently, stu^b that far through his inexpressibles. His crop of hair was surmounted by the funniest little seal- skin cap imaginable. After taking a position, he indulged in a long stare at the man opening tbe bivalve, and slowly ejaculated " Isters!" " Yes, air,*" responded tba altentiv« operator ; "and fine ones they are, too.** " Wilt, I've hearn of isters afore," says he, " but this is the fast tims I've seed 'em, and prthaps I'll know what thar made of afore I get out of town." Having expressed this desperate intention, ha cautiously approached a p'ate and scrutinised the uncased shellfish with a gravity and interest which would have done honor to the most illustrious searcher into the hidden mysteries of nature. At length he began to soliloquise on the diffi. cul ty of geuing them ont, and how queer they looked when out. " I never seed anythin* hold on so, * take an amazin' site of screwing', ho&s;, to get 'em out, and aiat they slick and slip'ry when they does come? Smooth as an eel ! I've a good mind to give that feller lodgings, jest to realize tbe effects, as uncle Jess used io say about spekelation." " Well, sir," was the reply, "down with two hits, and you can have a doien." " Two bits," exclaimed the Sucker, " now come, that's stirkin' it on rite strong fer the isters, A dozen on 'em aint notbin' to a chickin, and there's no gettin more'n a picayune a-piere for them : I've only realized forty-five picayunes on my first ventar' to St. Louis. I'll tell you what, I'll gin you two chickens for a dozen, if you'll conclude to deal." A wag, who was standing by indulging in a dozen, winked to the attendants to shell out, aod the offer was accepted. «« Now mind," repeated the Sucker, " all fair : two chickens ! for a dozen. You're witness, mister," turning at the same time to the wag j *« nona of your tricks, for I't« beam tell that your city fellers are mity slip'ry Ison*/' The bargain being fully understood, our Susfctr squared himself for the onset, deliberately put off his seal skin, tucked up his steeves, and, fork in hand, awaited the ap. pearance of No. 1. It came, he saw, au! quickly it was bolted! A moment's dreadful pause ensue**. The wag dropped his knife and fork with a look of mingled amaze ment and horror, something skia to Sbakspeare's Hamlet on seeing bis daddy's ghost, while he burst into the excla. malton, " Swallowed alive, as I'm a Christian !" Oar Sucker hera had opened his mooth with pleasore a moment before, but now it stood open. Fear, a horrid dread of he didn't know what, a consciousness that aft wasn't right, and ignorance of the extent of the wrong, the uncer tainty ot that moment was terribie. Urged to desperation be. faltered out, " What on airth's the tow ?" " Did you swallow it alive V enquired the wag^ " I swattered it jost as be gin it to ma t" shouted the Sucker. " You're a dead mao !" exclaimed his ansíeos friend ; the creature is altee, and will eat right through Jfdu," added he, in a most hopeless io e. "Get a p:.xen-pump and pump it oat!'* screamed the, Svcker, in a frenzy, his eyes fairly'starting from their sockets. " O ! gtacious !-what'd I doT It's got bold of my innards, already, and I'm a« dead as a chicken ! Doeotneihiog for me, do; don't let the infernal sea-toad eat me afore your eyes.'' " Why don't you pet some of this on U t" inquired tbs wag, pointing to a bottle of strong pepper sauce. The hint was enough, the Sucker, opon the instant, seized the bottlo, and, desperately wrenching out the cork, swal lowed half the contents at a draught. He fairly squealed from its «weeta, and gasped, and bio wed, and pitched, and twisted, as if it «rare coursing through Mm 'with electric effect, while at the same tine his «yes ran a stream-of tears. At length, becoming a little composed; bis waggish adviser approached, almost bursting with suppressed'laughter, and inquired. How are yna now, old fellow ? Did you kill fe-?" " Well, I did, hot«-ugfc-ugh-6-o»o my inn&rd;*. I If dist ister oiler's dying agonies dlln't stir a ruótioá in- me equal to a small airtftquake, and 'taint no use sa yin' itt Iteqoiroied like a earpeot when that killing stuff touched it» bfef*-and here, with a countenance made up of suppressed agony and present deeermination. be paused as- if to force to bis words, \- and slowly and deliberately rtoferked^ «' If you Kit two ' chickens fiomtnefoi thai Ihre anhnaff Ijm^^apd, seizing his i seal-skin cap, lie vanished. The shout of Liu. bier and the contortions of the company '. at this finale would have made a spectaroV'btf leva tfca't they j all had bsen " swallowing oysters ailee." 