CHRIST CHURCH, SI'. LAW RENCE. The following facts respecting this Church nnd its recent solemnities wdl lie interesting lo some ot our readers — The fit-it stone was laid SI long ago an I ui January, IS-10. The citntracts weie t .1 ken at a lime when wages and build ing materiils were at their Ii 'ghost rale, hut the piomi.ed colli 1 dun i ins were at the lime adequately large, and the trustees, then-line had no hesitation in incurring hihihtics in order to prevent delay in the completion ol the n.uU. The "ell known change in the circum stances (it ll.e co'iniy, however lire. unexpected ildlieul ies in ilia way. The best dispose I among the c. n'rdmtiirs were unable to lu til their engigcumiits ui.tl the tios'ees were theielare tell vsilli a heavy deb', wh elt tor a I m.' lime lendrie I it impassible to prosecute the nndeiljkir.g. Satislaeiniy anangemenis weie at lei-gili made fur the gradual I qu'd.itii.n of this tlelil ; and if the same si ii.e td duiv which has prevailed in the Cong' egai i.i" ol the teuijiur.iry church, actuates llial which will hence!, ill. oc cupy the Inoiditig nu.v solemnly set apait as the llui-i! ol (m l, the otieilery | will afford an unburdens line and iflec-j lual nindc of supplying what is yet ! wauling. Dating I lie last two or three j months great exettious have been 111 tde | lo put the (.'hutch into a stale fil lor | consecration ; and all this has hern p ud j for out of a fund raited for the cvpiess j purpose by the Rev. Mr. Walsh, on his ! t.w o rcp.iiisp.ilii y, and qttile luilepeed- ! nit ol I lie hairlines of the trustees, whose j claims have continued to he (quid. tied, | j tvlolc no luither debt lias been iiicuiro I. j The fallowing is a tn.re detailed tie- vciipiitJit uf this, the tirst ("liitich in Sydney that has reeeived Episcopal | eonsvctaiioit. Tbe Church cuiisists id .1 j 11 ive and cli.lurrl, the tower, winch is ( not vet c .inpteled, affords it III lin en- j nance, and vesiibule or aulet h ipel ; and ; a very 1st- 1 u 1 1 ! ti 1 vesliy ol a later dale of j siv't than 1 he cliuich, hvs heeo ift-entlv | built at I lie east end ul the north side, j The lrng-li of the n:i»e is I feel, ilie ! j hie -ul its 4 ' fit-l ; the depth "I the c!i 111- j eel Id leet, ll.e width 24 lee'. Tim j j walls are c.uis'.'ticud ot sin.l-st.uii-, I vii lotlied internally so as lo rt quite no plas't-r. mode of finishing the in'crnal walls when lliev ate of stone is far piefr'alilr, en the score ol s gluti- : tiivi, expense, and duralrhty to the or- 1 tllnaiv llfide id firing willt pi liter, and wdl line titer Its a laj t-d to m-'sl new : thtittl.es. T. e style id the architecture. in pr.i se cd winch mueh cannot be sunt j (or ll.e or.gitij! designers, is m tinly ictilv E'-gl vh. Tbe mnllions of the ; chatter! wind. >ns are td stone. These, ; ivoh titlier recent parts ol the w nk, have In. en ttinic under the ii. tectum ul Mt 11 ifkel, "ho t> it'spui'-ihle In' nine ul ll.e tins' ak 1 s ul I, s | t.deeevs r- The v't.'.e IM.UV if the rial window 1 1 > - t:..n ...lip id to the pattern "I i til >1 m i.o.ui.' -ot tltvgo tn St lined d' '-5. "« i vtluch H lias In en tsietii.ed ueeewary to ' make some altcrat'oii»» which canuut be done in the colony. The window is ihc gilt ol rune two or iltrce individuals, .Hid is of surpassing richness. Tltc side chancel vvinduws arc partly filled evil It siaiuet! glass in an arabesque design, very simple but effect ive, and like all the wutk which liiis been done under Itis superintendence, reflecting much cre dit upon tbe present tuchilcct, Mr. Blackel. The chancel is ruisetl by three stone steps above lite nave, nnd sepa rated ftiim it by a richly foliated rail, carve l out ol the s did cedar. The scats arc open throughout lite church, one- lourtli being free und unappropriated, viz., those which are enleted hum t lie south aisle. The seats of the poor are as commodious and as well situated in all respects as those of the rich. The stall end of each seat, excepting of those only which are not yet completed, is adorned with a beautifully carved poppy- head, as are also those of the seats oc- cupied by the choir and minister. These are of a much larger and richer design than the others, and are in the centre of the nave, at right angles with the seats of the congregation. They are placed j in two tows on either side, one lor the j hoy choristers, and the other fur the 'singing men or "lay clrik«." T'-.o j cletgytii 111 who siys lite innniing ami ; evening prayers nrcup'cs one ul the sea't j in ihe chair-stalks. At (he cast end til j the nave there is a well designed and I well cxecmed lelteru of red tr , presented I liv lite incumbent . raised on a massive ! sloue pedestal. From this leticin the ! lessons .ue read. There tltc no galleries | except that at the west end of the clitareh, | winch is occupied solely by the org 111 ; .11 ii the children ol the paioeliul schools. ihe front ul this hums a sciccn, anil is very massive, and will ho ultimately handsomely carted. The font is cj- pari nis, very eliboralely wrought, ami «d peculiarly sun. tide stone frmn Mulgoa. It is in the canuiueal situation, close to lite western cunnnro. Tins was the gilt of a clergyman. The pulpit, which was also the gilt ol ait individual, is not yet tin shed, tint the design is admirable, and the solidity mid excellence of t lie wiiikmanship beyond all praise; nnd when the carving Is complete it will be vety in igmiicent. Tbe roof is the worst . devised and it., st unMtisf tctnry pirl of ' the lint ilmg ; tt is at present open, and sitpiititteii hv loud-wood columns; which II was originally intended slmul I be ease l with cedar, whenever funds » / mental wark of the whole liueiiur. Rot I same material iiheraiians ate comtem- ! plated »l some liiiuie time, whtt-h will,' j it is Imped, remove this very unsightly i construction ol runt, and substitute nne j ih it is timre suitable and ecclesiastical, j at comparatively little rust. Of tbe con secration til tli s edifice we gave a btlel ! notice in nor piper ol lite lllli instant. ! It was indeed, a most henit-siimng so lemnity, and long will tt be remembered by nil who were present. Tbe Bishop was assisted in the service by no less than twenty-two priests and bin dea cons. There was many a heating he.nl ami m.iisicned eye within the sacred walls as the prorvs-ini moved along the nave Indeed during the j whole service the behaviour of the ' crowded congreg ilion was that uf ! Christians who weie moved, at lets: (or j. tbe little, witb reverence and adoration s to that King ol Kmgs tn whom the I temple was to he gt-eu. We must not 1 omit lo .-.tt'e liter thcte were upwardsof j ninety c 'miiiiiiiit- til's, and that of t lie I S I 1 that w.-i.. ciiltectfd uowatils nl i.;0 were gathered in sacrament tl alms, j The singing too was that of won hippcrs ; ' men sing woh llttir hearts as well as wi'lt th.ir voices; and the harm my j therefore was pvrlect. it was the fust ! tune uniiphuii.i! eh muting has been heard well in this colony, an-1 we are I gltd lo h am it is likely to be continued in this ("hutch. To th >se who had j never witnessed a cathttltal service, it | conveyed a very good idea nl its bemty j ami solemnity. In fact we doubt j whether there are nn'iy cathedr its in j which the ehauntlng could lie better j done. The bnvs were h timed in sur- | (dices ; and 1 heir behtvt-.mr vvas order lr j and rcvt-ieutial. We ate greatly in- ! ih-luel to the Choral S teiety (>r the j improvem-ml tlo-v have alie»dy tih'Cteil . in ekuteh-vingmg. They have, we tut- : detst u'd, furnished from among their j j members a very t'ff Ct »e perm inent , \ double choir for Christ Church, and wc i trust that ere long they will he aide to j I do the sa:ne lor rvctv oilier chinch in j ; Sydney. In cunchiu tn, wc lie.irtil, ; i cmgralulite our re.tperled Dieeeuan, | tli- reicend tit - I in-iimb Nd , and the j p lrishiuners ol Si. Liwrcnee generally, ' upon this most hii;.y event — let us I h qte that it i» an earnest td better tin igs lor the Church of England. By the . ; wav, we 111 iv exprt-s a If (ie th it suit- ; able s tC'.tmeiita! vcsjc's will ere long be j (onvided bv tlie communicants ot in- J dividual piety. 'Ihe tab at furniture, i moreover, is t vtdee.tlv only ol a poor 1 ami utidu.-.ih'e tnauuiil; ami not the rich " earpct of sil'." prt s.-iihed liy j arrangement is but lemporarv, UlUil I In ttr-r cut lie inr. tde I, It wis a sol ; dis t ppmip meat tint the panned wind -w ' iv .s tiol in ils pi iceon lltetlty ol the . Co Sit'' at uio ; whoever this liind.aucc j was, we luijie II 1,10 Settll uc tetuuveu.— — I Sydney Herald. 