THE MARCH OF CIVILIZATION, OR NEWS FROM AUSTRALIA. [From Uio Illuuuutud Migazine.] F«r to tiie East, vherc one? Aurora1* emllcf Look'd on an orclilprinigo of fflci ; And corM tMiiki uprc&r;'d tbdr guttering formt, Whore many a ilitp Lu sall'd the fmuny brlno, Sits a vait continent upon tho Line ; Dack from tier itraud the troubled ocean rolll And poiata nilh eager Gager lo Uic folca I T.E. llenw Tuts tide we have given to sundry speculations that have been suggested by a file of recent Sydney papers, which have just (as they say in Change Alley) come to hand. If the refinements, elegancies, aud growing tastes of a people are evidence of civilization, ample proofs are afforded of it by these broad sheets ; and, if it be equally true, that the progress of society may be traced by its darker attributes — the deep shapings of vice and depravity — as the cor rectcst outlines of the human countenance arc traced by the shadow of its profile — we have by the same medium ' confirmation strong.' A newspaper is at all times an epitome of life. Tho joys, sorrows, pangs, and pleasantries, of human nature are there crowded iu one piclurc. The same gazette records Ihe prosperity of one, and the bank ruptcy of another ; the ' ups ' of the favourite of fortune, and the ' downs ' of her rejected. There is scarcely a line be tween 'births' and 'deaths :' and 'mar- riages' seem only a connecting link between the two. I lie same page tliat records the struggles of an empire, details the catas trophe of a convicted thief. True lo life, a newspaper, like the day of its publication, slips through our fingers, and becomes, in tlie picturesque words of dear old Jeremy Taylor, of ' the portion of needs and worn out faces,' without one event clinging to our memory, or escaping from all absorbing oblivion. Newspapers, like the days of which they are the ' brief chronicles,' be come of the past, before we are fully con scious that they arc present ; and so will it be uulil both shall liavc an end : for when there shall be no future, llie past will need no historian. Put away thy musty tomes, oh, philosopher 1 and abandon thy her mitage; if tliou wouldst study man in all the wondrous intricacies of his nature — if tliou would read the chart of life aright— go lo tbe newspaper, — there is in its varied columns matter enough for tbe profoundest of thy speculations, — food sufficient for thy hungriest cravings into tlie origin of good and evil. Lively, However, arc the suggestions at forded by a file of papers from a rising colony, combining, as the worthy folks who manufacture the Penny Magazine profess to do, 'amusement with edification.' There is a jumble of the very stalest with the 'very latest' news, which has a striking and yet perplexing effect. But then, the wants, vanities, and allurements of life, as they are so happily displayed in the columns of the advertisements, suggest but little if any difference to the' broad sheets of our own native journals. There is unfortunately the same prolific crop of ' accidents and offences,' and ' coroners' inquests,' which invariably meet our eyes in the newspapers at home,— -conveying the wholesome truth that crime and sorrow, whether they travel at home or abroad, generally go hand-in-lmnd, or if not, that they tread very closely on each other's fool steps, — ' police reports' are by no means supplied with a thrifty hand, and 'law cases' arc just as dry and uninteresting as if they came direct from Westminster Hall. Thus we may go on quietly skimming over the columnB under the delusion that we are reading our accustomed morning paper until the delusion is dispelled by some out! of-the-way expression of, or relating to 'iron gang chains,' or 'ticket-of-leave men,'and we are transported to Botany Bav at tbe rate of fifteen thousand imles I second. Thus, too, under the bead of ' Latest News,' we are taken in with en extraor dinary event which had happened someten or twelve months previously. Forinstance in the papers before us are ihe novel and interesting facts respecting the ceremony of the christening of the Prince of Wales given as if they had only occurred the dav before yesterday. Tins is a new method of embalmment ! thenewsto us of the baptism of the ., young heir to the throne is just as muohnmatter of history as that of Edward the Black Prince's. There is another provoking characteristic of a colonial newspaper. Madeira is said to be improved by a voyage to the East Indies, and by the same rule, we presume wit is also the better for being 6ent on liis travels I Some joke, perhaps, which our lively friend Punch has given birth to, and which the ' Thunderer ' of Printing-house Square really thinks good enough for his columns, astonishes the town some mormW pierces tlie dull heart of the city, and sheds its momentary ray of life on tho care-worn faces on 'Change, or even circulates briskly through the equally dense atmosphere of Westminster Hall. Tlie same afternoon it shines like a constellation in the misty diilnes. of the evening papers ; Oien illu mines the awful darkness of a twiceor thrice a weekTiapcr,^andn(ter'unaergoiiig that ordeal, without actual evaporation, it uuaubu ivtiu uguiu in tui uic lUSlTC II) at UlS Sunday papers can bestow. Then it takes its course 'free gratis for nothing' through the provinces, and not a country paper but what finds a nook for our old acquaintance. When at last it has run iu race— when all the papers, metropolitan and provincial, have successively pressed it into their ser vice, and the worn and threadbare joke is quietly ' laid,' never, as we fondly imagined, to visit us again, — io and behold! from the columns uf some colonial newspaper, some eight or ten months after, we behold its venerable but intrusive face, smirking like iu namesake Old Joe— as he was wont to salute his Christmas audiences already grinning in anticipation — with ?? Herd am, you sec 1' Bewildered at the apparition of your ancient enemy, which, in the weak ness of our judgment, we thought, like the Cock Lane ghost, was laid for ever, we groan with tlie persecuted Frenchman—. ' Bcgar, bere'i Mmuloir Tooion come again.' (To be continued.) Stbength op TnK Allioatob's Jaws.—. A friend — one of the party ciigaged-~lias communicated to us the following narrative, tvhich caunot fail to prove interesting to our sporting renders : — In the latterendof August lust four officers— Lieut. Hill and the Hon. Mr. Foley, of the Cambrian, and Lieutenants Vansittart and l'lioyre, of the Sajtcnt. were elephant shooting near the river Collar, ia Ceylon. In wading a shallow Mr. Vansiltart came suddenly on an alligator, &nd; fired one barrel into his shoulder, at a distance of not more than three ycrds ; the unite, turning round received the contents of another dovn his throat. Thinking him disabled, Mr. Vonsiltart crept up behind him to thrust a couteau de chasse into the soft nan of his throat, but before he could effect Lis purpose, his nniairanuL Jiad uirnod round, and made at him. With considerable presence of mind, the sportsman saved himself by thrusting his gun duwu the animal.a throat, and dispatched mm with his knife. On removing Ihe pun, oao barrel was found to be completely bitten through, and the other to present several deep indentations. The alligator was eight feet long.— Bombay Times. Discovert of a kew QoADnnrRD.— M Audubon, the celebrated naturalist, in a letter n-ritten 100 miles above l'ort Union, in latitude 40° 10, N., communicates, ' with a transport of pleasure,' the 'discovery of an animal which hiils fair to become not only a valuable but a domestic one.' lie had taken refuse in a wood during a storm, and saw two enor mous beasts at play, such as he had never seen or heard of before, but somewhat resembling kangaroos. A companion Bliot one of these animals; the other fled. 'The buffalo or mountain elk (says M. Audubon) is nothing in comparison to this nuimal iu the scale of worm, it aits on its Juno legs, its front legs or arroB are short, but armed with sharp claws, and it bounds or jumps with its hind legs. It lias a tail somewhat like that of a sheep, about 10 inches long; and round the middle of tbo body it has a riug of flesh, about 12 incliea wide and 8 inches thick in the middle or centre, which produces a large quantity of oil. On their heads they have two horns very similar to the horns of a deer and have the same kind of teeth ; but what is more remarkable lhaa all the rest, their coat is of the most beau tiful fur I ever beheld, of a dark brown color. The proportions of the one we killed were very great; it weighed, to the bcBt of our calcula tions, upwards of GOOlbs., and it measured from the top of the head to the end of tlie tail. B feet 4 inches, which appears to he their fall grown size. We had no sooner killed this one than some Indians, attracted by the report of the rifle, joined us. Our interpreter conversed with them; they said that in these woodlands Bimiiar animals were in great abundance. They called it in their tongue the ke-leo-ta-M, or jumper ? they feed on grass, herbs, and foliage. Upon observing us takeoff tlie skin, the Indians expressed a desire to have some of the flesh, which we gave them. Ve cooked some of the same, and found it delicious ; it wax very white mid tender, and tasted very similar to veal ; but the riag on the body was nearly all oil, and the whole unner part will produce a great quantity. Tli; Indians took us to their liuta or village, which consisted of six families : there we saw no less than six of these animals domesticated. Two young ones, male and female, for which I bartered some beads, I intend to send down to the fort the first opportunity.' Wonniv of Attention. — Advice to per sons about to marry — Dou't, Hew Articles/ 7iri#c._' Wondering (long Ihe Quayi of ihe St. Jialharlue'j Dockj, ibe other day,' aaya the editor or a London paper, ?? 1 juod ? anon time near a f hip bound for the colopy of .New Zealand, and remarked a crest nuniber'of cum «d drcuod to ? mercantile firm llie.re.xlUi Iht addition 'Gum: thli tide upmrdi.' ?' Whot ?tridoi,' atid I, to a pcran near ate, ,-' Jurury ft maldcnr ef en In Ihlirrcmtte region I only tMnlc of cuUglMJ dtcanlcn, n-herc a abort time ego wai heard onlyibcnoirung oruvagcsl' The ccDtlcman to whom I «poteJ»r reclod me ; ?? It Ii true,' he obacrted, ' that rainy onlcles of luxury do go out to New Zealand j cut the article! iu Ihcso cases arc those of absolute oo ccully : they ore ? Hollo«ay'- Ointment and Hollo wayVPHU; the taller being an admliablii tonic and alterative niilUary to to tbe Tomer celebrated pre paration. 1 n all dlurdera, the colohlra ue swore, (but tbese arc true ?peclflci J -trciruj .peedily effectual in Scrofula. Cancer, Gout, Jllicunmtl.m, l'amljili, oil Wounds, l'ilci, &c;, and therefore of indlipenu blc mluo. ' ' 1'rom my own eineljcnte. 1 entirely agreed with Mm,* LAUNCESTON.-Prlntcd and publlrtcd for tho proprietor lir Henbi- Doh-uko, IVioler, of Urii bine-ilrect, UunccMon, at Ihe 'Mntlng-oillce of The Lamoalm A&acrliKi; in Cliarlcs-strcet, Uun cciton,and lo bo had at tbc Stationery AVarchouae, JJriibane-urctl, aforeaaid.— TmiaiMY, Avgvi 1% I8«6. , ? . . . ? ?. 