The Female With a Death's Heah. More than a whole year there was a great sen sation in Berlin respecting a Polish countess who was staying at the " Hotel de Rome" and had a death's head, instead of the usual one; she also bad property to an immense amount. These ideal and imaginary fancies of the people became more confirmed, as the statement was never contradicted by any one of the parties—until lately, by tbe publication of Dilfenbach's " Quaiterly Journal of Operative Surgsry," we find the story about the countess with a death's head explained in nn article under tbe bead ing "Restoration of Noses." Professor Diffienbach says— "It Is four years ago that late at night a Pole and a Polish lady> accompanied by an Italian lady, came and wished to consult him The Polish lady, enveloped deeply in black, remained in the back ground. The Italian lady addressed Diffenbach, ai'.d said, 'The unfortunate there wishes to speak to you alone.' Tbe two other persons soon alter retired. Opposite Professor Diffenbicli stood, speechless, a being enveloped in black. With uneasiness, looking around, she lifted up the veil, end there stood with a death's head upon the trunk of a living being, the like of which I had never seen before. A thin red skiu scarcely covered the bones of tbe face, in the middle of which was a liole, through which one could pass three Angers; the tongue and thront could be seen ; all the muscles, palate bones, &c.;, were entirely destroyed. And from this miserable Acheron she stretehed forth her tongue, when she wanted to speak. The under eyelids were turned outwards showing the inner red sur face, and from the upper jaw a small toothless fissure remained. A circumference of about three incite* of scar surrounded the hole. From the great opening in the middle came up, between the eye brows, a red, bony substance, which spread itself to the middle of the forehead." This lady, without speech, without nose, stood before Diffenbach alone at 12 o'clock in the night ; then, instead of the voice of a human being, poured forth from the hole in the face a kind of whistling sound. Yet, without un derstanding her, Diffenbach could comprehend what she wished; she placed her fingers on his nose. As the profes sor on'y could express himself in pantomime the lady only understanding Polish, he called in the assistance of her friends.; she instantly hastened to envelope herself in her black veil, for even among her own fumily relations she only appeared covered in the 6ame garment. Dr Diffenbach communicated to the brother and tbe Italian lady, her go verness, who understood French, that he found it impos sible to make an operation. He recommended her a mask, and then retired from beholding one of the most extraor dinary scenes he ever beheld, and which he says is still in his memory. The next morning Diffenbach proceeded on a journey to Vienna. Scarcely bad be arrived there <wheu he again met this extraordinary being; she followed him like a ghost. At Vienna be succeeded at last in getting the celebrated artist Carabelli to mrke for her an artificial Jaw and teeth, through which she could eat with facility, and her speech became more distinct. She then returned to her fatherland, and visited Dr Diffenbach oguin at Berlin, Bud there renewed her request for a new nose, which he at last undertook, and succeeded in the operation. Diffenbach concludes his description by 6tating that " this unfortunate lady became a new creature; she walked in society un varied, with flowers in her hair; she visited tbe theatre, and left Berlin with a cheerful heart, and tbe satisfaction that through her unshaking and resolute mind she had pressed uoon me an opeiation which at first I thought im possible." This is a picture of a maiden lady, eighteen years of age, the offspring of a rich and wealthy family, and noble blood too. The sad disfigurement was the result of •scrofula in childhood. 