AUSTRALIAN WHEAT. [From the Morning Chronicle.] Among the numberless commodities, of use or ornament, which have been sent from all parts of the empire to that exposition of British industry —that British Museum of Arts and Manufactures—or however else we may designate the magnificent and novel exhibition that now fills the interior of Covent Garden Theatre, there is one which may be regarded as a striking tribute to the extensive influence of the body under whose auspices this spectacle has been produced : as it is likewise a powerful plea for the rights of that remote region which the contribution we allude to represents. A sack of wheat from Australia, recently received by the Council of the Anti Corn- Law League, with a letter requesting their advocacy of the claims of the Australian corngrower for admission into the British market on equal terms with tbe Canadian, is certainly a remarkable sign of tlie extent to which this Association have succeeded in making themselves known all over the world, as advocates of freedom, labour, and exchange. Nor is this contribution less fitted for the especial purpose for which the Covent Garden Bazaar is held—is a manifesto of the rights and powers of that industry which corn-laws obstruct and impoverish. We are glad to see the public thus reminded of those claims which the Legislature last week so harshly and unjustly denied. The grievance of those of our countrymen whom monopolist legislation has driven from their native shores to seek a home at the antipodes, and who, even there, find themselves pursued and hemmed in by the same maleficent power, are appropriately presented side by side with those of the manufacturers and artizans who are still maintaining the struggle of life in Great Britain. The League have done well thus to make their protest against the cornlaw co- extensive with the limits of the empire which it bestrides and oppresses. In presenting the metropolis with a spectacle which, even merely as a spectacle, is surpissed in splendour and attractiveness, they have wisely taken care to offer to the public at the same time the greatest possible amount and variety of information and suggestion as to the operation of the enactments which they assail, and the resources of the national industry whose cause they plead. Our business now, however, is not with the League, or the League Bazaar—of which last we will only add that London contains no exhibition worthier of intelligent curiosity and admiration—but with the sack of wheat from Australia, and the rights of the labour and capital which it represents. Without professing to regard the motion submitted to the House of Commons last week by Mr Hutt as one of first-class importance, except to the Australian colonists themselves, we (eel both grieved and indignant at its rejection. If it was " not much to grant," it was, as Mr Labouchere well said, "much to refuse." If, in point of strict principle it may be deemed objectionable to give further fiscal privileges to our colonies as compared with foreign countries—to widen the basis of the agricultural monoply interest by taking new partners into the firm—our recent and signal departure from the principle, in the case of Canada, renders the objection inapplicable. It is certainly far more objectionable to deny to one colony a privilege already conferred on another. That there is extremely little corn to come from Australia, and that little must, at any rate, enter our market charged with the costs of a fifteen thousand miles voyage, only aggravates the cruelty of the refusal. Small as the quantity importable may be to us—absolutely inappreciable in its effect on prices, it is much— it is everything to the Australians, to have a reliable market for their surplus produce. The " Peeblesshire" argument is, however, answered, by anticipation, by the colonists themselves, who have expressed in the strongest possible terms their anxiety to be enabled, by a participation in the privilege granted to Canada, to devote themselves profitably to a branch of industry for which their soil and climate appears to be peculiarly well fitted. No sooner was it known in South Australia and Van Diemen's Land that Mr Hutt's former efforts in their favour failed on the ground of their presumed indifference to the subject, than than the most vigorous measures were taken to rebut that presumption. By public meetings, by debates in the Legislative Ccuncils, by newspaper articles, by private letters, by petitions to Parliament, by memorials to the Colonial-office, and by despatches from the Governors of the two colonies, powerfully enforcing the application—in every imaginable way, official and unofficial, in ifliriTi n?i i e TT*'- -• Itv which colonists can speak to the ruling powers at home, have our fellow-subject* in those distant settlements expressed their anxiety for the cheap and easy boon of being permitted to labour for us on the same terms with the Canadians. Unluckily, however, for the Australians, they they have not yet put themselves quite on an equal fooling with tbe Canadians. As Captain Rous rather injudiciously reminded the House, in a speech otherwise as excellent in judgment as it was in spirit and feeling, Australia has never rebelled. So far from it, the Australian people "entertain the most affectionate at'achment to British interests." The Premier had, therefore, nothing to say (vide his speech of May 2*2,1843) about "irritating circumstances," "importance of conciliation," and " weakest point of the empire." Nor could he refer to a bill of costs for Australian disaffection, runnin g up to three millions and a-half sterling. It does not appear that Australia will be disaffected in consequence of the refusal of this little piece of justice, but only extremely disappointed and vexed. In short, Australia has not qualified. If there were but some talk of insurrection—if there were only a *' small cloud" in our diplomatic relations at the antipodes ! Really, that is all that seems wanting to make out a good case. All the other circumstances of difference between Australia and Canada, so carefully dwelt upon by Sir Robert Peel in one of the most feeble and disingenuous speeches he ever uttered, are differences in favour of Australia. Australia has no extensive and unprotected frontier abutting on a wheat-growin«y country. Australia cannot smuggle cheap for re-exportation. Australian corn is all bona-fide British corn—the produce of British soil, British 'labour, and British capital. The costs of transit, too, constitute a peculiar burthen on Australian agriculture, and a correspondent protection on the English grower, sufficient, one would think, to disarm the fears of the most nervous landlord or farmer in existence. Altogether, the case of Australia, relatively to that ot Canada, is an a-fortiori case. The only difference is, that Canada is strong, and Australia is weak ; Canada has the United States for a neighbour; Australia is alone in the world. Lord Howick, in bis excellent speech of Thursday night, only spoke the feeling of every just mind when he expressed the " sfcame" with which he had listened to as miserable a tissue of inanities and sophisms as ever fell from the lips of the Parliamentary leader of a great partv. It was, in truth, a debate for the country to be ashamed of. A discussion more discreditable and damaging to the landlord order has not occurred even during the present session. Not a reason, nor a decent apology and substitute for a reason, was alleged against the simple request of one colony to share an indulgence already granted to another. This obvious piece of justice was refused, not because there was any real doubt about its justice, nor because any human being would run the shadow of a risk of being injured by it—but, first, because Australia is not Canada —which is as true, and as much to the point, as that A ustralia is not Nova Zembla—and next, because the " agricultural mind" is " sensitive," " unsettled," and much given to " panic." A measure of the clearest right, and the most in- disputable expediency, in which some thousands of loyal British subjects, who are busy on the other side of the world, engaged in a great national enterprise, have a deep practical interest, is rejected out of regard to fears that are confess sedly groundless, and apprehensions that are as palpably absurd as they are sordidly selfish. The Legislature ha=, almost avowedly, taken its rule oi action from fancies rather than from facts. The essential interests of a valuable colony are sacrificed, not to the interests of any person or class e^ewhere, but to a mere chimerical terror which nobody professes exactly to feel for himself, but which everyody feel on behalf 0 f every other body. The national policy of " treating our colonies as integral parts of the empire" is given up, because landlords say the farmers are afraid of ghosts. Instead of " agricultural interest"— which has at least the merit of meaning something real and tangible—we have got now, as the basis and rule of legislation, the assumed " sensitiveness" of the " agricultural mind." As regards the bearings of this decision of the House of Commons on the general interests of the free-trade Question, we scarcely know that one need view it with regret. It*certainly will not tend to arrest that process of publ-c conviction which has been going on with such extraordinary rapidity since the beginning of the present session. The corn-law is implicated by it more deeply than ever, in the odium and contempt resulting, to any cause, from an absurd and unscrupulous advocacy. The rejection of such a motion as Mr Hutt's is likewise most damaging to the landlord's cause, as it exposes the insincerity of tbe stock landlord arguments, and spoils them for future service. As Mr Hutt well showed, the ordinary defences of the corn-law are quite unavailable against the particular measure proposed by him. Men who really believe in the validity of the pleas for the corn-law, ought to support such a measure, as Sir Walter James and Captain Rous actually did. Nothing can be more palably for the interest of the " British agricultural labourer," according even to landlord notions, than a measure tending to facilitate profitable emigration ; not to add that the agriculturists of Australia aie as much a part of the British Agricultural interest as those of Essex. Nor can anything more directly conduce to give us the so desirable " independance of foreigners " than arrangements for raising, on British territory, the extra supplies which the United Kingdom needs. We confess, however, that we regret the injustice done to a deserving body of British subjects, far more than we can rejoice at seeing the Legislature bring a bad law into contempt, at the cost of its own character. It is really a hard and cruel case. Monopoly will neither let these men live at home nor abroad. It firstfirives them from their native country by artificially narrowing the field for the application of capital, and spoiling the market for labor, and then, when they have, at infinite hazard and difficulty, made a new home for themselves on the other side of the globe, it grudges them a little profitable trade. There is something most unfeeling and barbarous in this mode of dealing with those of our countrymen who run the risks and do the work of colonisation. We treat them neither as Englishmen nor as foreigners. We follow them to the antipodes with our authority; yet, the moment they leave our shores they find themselves """ **•^^ walled out from from our markets by a « ariff. insist on having their allegiance ; but protection," the co-relative of allegiance, they kn w chiefly as something hostile to their industry. To our countrymen and fellow subjects engaged in the great national work of spreading the British name, language, and power at the other extremity of the world, and turning wildernesses into fruitful fields, we cannot find in our hearts to grant so simple a favour as that of buying a few shiploads of best wheat at market price. 