îUtcvatu ve. THE LIFE OF GEoltGE BRUMMELL, ESQ. BY CAPTAIN JESSE. J aere is a great deal ot pleasant cunoni gossip in these careless* volumes. Tito disreputable old ghosts of the close of tho last century are brought up from '.' limbo," and made to walk the world again. Fox and Sheridan, the beautiful Georgiana of Devonshire, the Prince of Wales (august shade of sixteen stone!), and numbers more of the fashionable defunct, make their ap- pearance round the revived Brummell, and live in Jesse's volumes one day more. And the book has a moral with it-the moral of "the Rake's Progress." The great dis- - coverer of starched neckcloths flourishes in a society of which it may be said that it was worthy of him-is vanquished by common sense, in the stern person bf tho bailiff-lives on in exile a swindling epicure, and die3 a miserable old idiot in the straw of the Bon Sauveur. The story is nar- rated by a manly jovial historian, quite alive to the moral of tho tale, while he gives iu details very agreeably, in the tone of a man to whom the usages of good society are fa' miliar, and who, no doubt.^has taken his share of the pleasures of the world which he describes, « As regards the great subject of tho me-» moir personally, the materials from which Captain Jesse has compiled his history of Brummell seem to be not very copious ; wa had heard of a collection of Brummell Papers in the hands of Mr. Armstrong, ona of the last and fastest of the poor man's friends ; but these, if they exist, probably remain in that gentleman's possession. . Captain Jesse's chief documents are a few letters, written for the mo3t part in the latter years of Brummell's life ; an album, presented to a young lady, for whom tho old Pall-mall Themistocles seems to have felt some natural kindness and affection ; and a few stray notices by acquaintances of the daudy in his days of pride. This is not much, but perhaps it is enough about him. There are plenty of materials for judging of what the hero of fashion was made. It may he consoling to the middle classes to think that the great Brummell, the con- queror of all the aristocratic dandies of his day-nay, the model of dandyhbod for all time, was one of them of the ldlWç^order. There is a comfort to consider that his grandfather was a footman-a treasury lackey, who had a son who rose tb be h treasury clerk,~~nnd to enjoy the confidence of great people, and who amassed sixty thousand pounds, a third part of which sum came to George Brummell at his majority. I Let men who aspire to the genteel, then, never be discouraged. This footman's grandson was*a better gentleman than th» Prince of Wales. When* hü stood ia the pit of the opera he called dukes and mar- quesses, who came cringing to him, as king* used to come to Napoleon. His reign lasted rather longer than that of the latter, and each went into exile within a year of the nfl. nv He must have had a much finer taste than the Prince of Wales, that is quite clear. Every man who saw the King's trinkets, clothes, and snuff-boxes, must remember the savage, gaudy, barbarous love of ornament which distinguished th9 first gentleman of Europe. It is enough to say for George IV., that he built and ornamented Brighton and Buckingham Pa- lace, lt was surely only loyalty, natural ignorance, and that love of the Sovereign which the British aristocracy possesses, that ever could have blinded them to the qualities of the royal leader of ton. Young Brum- mell, the footman's descendant, engaged and overcame this gigantic power. All tho profligate splendours of Carlton House could not compete with the Beau's small tenement in Chesterfield-street ; there was a tawdry magnificence about George IV., which must have been felt to be bad taste if not acknowledged. Impartial history will be induced, perhaps, one day to whisper the word. vulgar" as the proper epithet to characterise the »great dandy. Brummell overcame him by simplicity, elegance, and neat impudence and presence of mind. There seems to hâve been a calmness about him which, flustered and intolerably annoy- ed the unwieldy antagonist with whom he contended for the first place in a certain society. That question of "Who's your fat friend1?" must have quivered like a -poisoncd--«»rrow-m-tho-floBhr- pf-tlió-Prírico ; how superior it is tb all the latter's clumsy attempts at bullying and bravado I. Nothing, surely, shows the Regent's unfitness to oc- cupy the great post of first dandy of the empire more than his conduct in his feud with Brummell-his irresolution, his -im- portant bluster of ill-will, his miserable endeavour to crush his enemy with attack, which the other repelled in" a", moment, causing the big adversary to quail, who had thought to browbeat him so easily. Those who are interested in these deep matters of history (and, indeed, they are as important as a quarrel between Noodle and Doodle, or a row between two dancing masters in a fair), must allow, after study- ing Captain Jesse's account of the war be- tween the two Georges, that the royal aspirant was totally unfit to lead. The genteel annalist must blush to record tho ? fact, that the Princë Regent actually con- descended lo apply to be asked to a ball which-Brummell gave, and then insulted his entertainers that afterwards, meeting Brummell at the Opera, the lotter " cut', his Royal Highness ia a manner so pro« vokingly respectful, that the Prince slunk ' floundering back from the Beau ; that thea u > --- í ti» lerribk title of the "flit friend" vas I Unnched against him, and that the Regent \ hod not the courage to annihilate tnis male« ' factor or even to forgive him; ,He had. a vhance up to the last moment-George IV, on hi* way to Hanover, saw Brummell starving and swindling at Calais; what a moment for the King to have rehabilifed himself with the genteel world Of Europe ! He might have had his great revenge that day by forgiving Brummell 5 but he had ' not the heart to do so, and passed om An ambitious man, who could lose such an op- portunity a? that of bringing, by a benefit, his enemy mortified to his feet, never de- serves to succeed; and, accordingly, let history exalt Brummell above his royal rival. We have said that Captain Jesse has executed his task in a good humoured, agreeable manner.interspersing hi3 narrative with anecdotes of tli3 people among whom Brummell lived ; but perhaps, for a moral purpose, it would have been as well that the narrative of this great man's life had been shortened, not enlivened with gaiety and anecdote, but told with the gravity and simplicity becoming such a theme. Thus, of the Beau's life at Eton, all that is recorded ib the fact that he used to wear breeches and worsted stockings lhere, and ta dine with perfect satisfaction at noon ; that he was à favorite with his schoolfellows, and was once seen serenading thc (laughter of his dame with a hurdy-gurdy-indicat- ing his future humour. On leaving Eton he entered the lO'.h Hussars, which he quitted, having attained the tank of captain, and broke his nose in that honorable corps. He now came to london, the friend to the Prince, and the associate of the greatest and most genteel people. As for his wit, all his compositions show prodigious pains, but likewise that he was a perfect ninny. The worst articles of the worst magazines are not . comparable to Brummell's letters for the elaborate vacuity . of intellect which they display. This wit immediately placed our young aspirant greatly above all men in thc fashionable world, and procured him intense respect and admiration there. He appears lo have had even less heart than wit, which like- wise contributed to the cordiality of his reception in the world. This good man (like other sages) has left ois maxim or saying beh'nd him. It is, "country washing, clean linen, and plenty of it." Brummell made this truth his great guiding star through life, and mo ! 'destJy adduced it to account for his succuss : as a man of fashion, forgetting the other .qualities we have just mentioned. He also invented starched white neckcloths, for which ought not the youth of England of the present day be thankful to him't '1 his invention (in company with his wit ana , kindness of heart) served to place him at the topmost height of the genteel world. Having expended his patrimony, not .merely in country washing, but iii gambling and other species of debauchery, and having ' tun into debt as far as 'his tradesmen would possibly allow him, and having failed (al thuui'h he told lies for thc purpuse) to get money ftomhis friend, Mr. Brummell quitted tlie country, and, cheating his creditors, titablisued himself at Calais.. His high qualities had made him so popu- lar, that his tiieuds in London did not here desert him for a while, but supplied this worthy man with continual donations. He would accept these, or anything else that was offered him, especially dinneis, which formed tile great business of his life -, and a story is told of his honesty and enthusiasm in these volumes, which is very moral. One day, walking iu Calais, with a marquis, a lortuer friend, Mr. Brummell met à very fat and vulgar individual who excited my lord's ridi- cule, and whom Mr. Brummell declared on Mt honour he did not know. But the fat .man passing the beau with a hideous'nod, said, " How do Brum-goose at four" which tale shows into what an abject state the beau had fallen, and exhibits his amiable \- gratitude and manliness of character. It ap- pears that the illustrious exile spent near the half of his day in sleeping, llvee hours in dressing, four at dinner, at which he con turned daily a bottle of Dorchester ale and one of claret, devoting the rest of his time to writing, reading, and conversation, and the pasting of a great sceue, which occupied much of his valuable life. Having lived for many years in this agreeable way. and borrowed money of many tradesmen, Mr. Brummell,11, for his great deserts, was named consul at Caen, whither he went, and where he likewise contracted debts. He lived as before, with the additions of his consular duties ; but, as these were very light, he rendered them still more easy by neglecting them altogether. He presently lost his consulship. He was 4en put into prison for debt. There his nason was shaken, and after flickering for a while, was utterly extinguished, and this great Dan died an idiot in the hospital of the Bon Sauveur, at Caen. Let us respect the world ¡.which elevated to honour this respectable I stan ; and not be too hard upon him, be i cause he was heartless, a swindler, a fool, a ;.Rlutton,and a,JiaV._...;. ' BRUMMELL'S FEBSOK. * '' ""."T?"' ' His face was rather long, and complexion fair ; hit whiskers inclined to he sandy, and hair light Itown. His features were neither plain nor hand tome ; hat his head was well-shaped, the forehead being -unusually high ; showing, according to phrenological development, more of the mental than'the'animal passions; the hump of self vsteem was Very. prominent. His countenance indicated that he possessed considerable intelli- gence, audhis mouth betrayed a strong disposition I to indulge in sarcastic humour ; this was predorai ' nant in every feature, the nose excepted, the natural regularity of which, though it had been broken by »fallfrom Ms charger, preserved his countenance from degenerating into comicality. His eyebrows «ere eqnally expressive with his mouth, and while fie latter was giving utterance tb somothing very good-humoured or polite, the former, and tho eyos themselves, which were grey and full of oddity, : «aid assume an expression that made the sincerity .'bia words very doubtful. Thia flexibility of feature enabled Brurnmoll to 8"e additional pohit to his humorous or satirical hmaiks; his whole physiognomy giving tho idea, had he devoted himself to clrnmatio com-, Position, hs would have wiitten in a tone for.more ."wabling that of the Behool for Scandal" thou .* .-..;..'.?.-'. the " Gamester," or any pJol developing reflection. «nil deep feeling. His voies was very pleasing, naram; u,'* 3tECKn,öta, Brummell was ana of tfw first who revived «nd improved the taste for dre3s, and his BM« innova- tion waa effected upon ueckcloths ; they were then worn without stiffening of any kind, and bagged out in front, tucking up to the chin in a roll ; to re- medy this obvious awkwardness and inconvenience, lie used to have his slightly starched ; and a reasoning mind must allow that there is not much to object to in this reform. ile did not, however, like the dandies, test their fitness for use by trying if he could raise three parts of their length by one comer without their bending; yet it appears that if the cravat was not tied properly at the first effort, or inspiring irapidse, it was always rejected. Iiis valet was coming down stairs one day with a quantity of tumbled neckcloths under his arm, and being interrogated on the subject, solemnly replied, " Oh, they are our failures." Practice like this of course made him perfect ; and his tie soon became a model that was imitated, but never equalled. The method by which this most important result was attained was communicated to me by a friend of his, who had frequently been an eye-witness of the amusing operation. The collar, which was always fixed to his shirt, was so large that, before being folded down, it completely hid his head and face ; and the white neckcloth was at least a foot in height. The first " coup d'archet" was made with the shirt collar, which he folded down" to its proper size ; and Brum - mell, then standing before the glass, with his chin poked up to the ceiling, by the gentle and gradual declension of the lower jaw, creased the cravat to reasonable dimensions, thc form of each succeeding crease being perfected with tho shirt, which he had just discarded. His morning dress wa3 similar to that Of every other gentleman ; Hessians and pantaloons, or top boots and buckskins, with a blue coat, und a light or buff- coloured waistcoat, ; of course fitting to admiration on the beat figure in England. His j dress of an evening was a blue coat and white ! waistcoat, black pantaloons Which buttoned tight to the ankle, sü-iped silk stockings, and opera hat ; in ! fact, he was always carefully dressed, but never the I slave of fashion. BRUMMELL'S TAItOnS. Brumell's tailors were Schweitzer and Davidson, in Cork-street, Weston, and a German of the Meyer, who lived in Conduit-street. The Sultzcs and Nugees, &c;, did, I believe, exist in those days; but they wore not then held in the same estimation as their more fortunate brethren of the shears. Schweitzer and Meyer worked for the Prince; and the latter had a page's livery, and on great occasions superintended the adornment nf his royal highness's person. The trousers, which opens at thc bottom of the leg, and was closed by buttons and loops; was invented either by Meyer or Brummell-the beau, ot any rate, was the first who wore them, and they immediately became quito the fashion, and continued so for many years. A good humoured, baronet, and brother Etouian of his, who followed him at a humble distance in his dress, told me that he went to Schweitzer's one morning to get properly rigged out, and that while his talented purveyor of habiliments was measur- ing him, he asked him what clothhe recommended? 'Why, sir,* said tho artiste, 'the Prince wears su- perfine, and Mr. Brutnmell tho Bath coating; but it is immaterial which you choose. Sir John, you must bo right ; suppose Sir, we say Bath coating I think Mr. Brummell has a trifle the preference.' Brummell's good taste in dross was not his least recommendation in the eyes of the Prince of Wales, by whom his advice on this important subject was constantly sought, and for a long time, studiously followed. Mr. Thomas Baikos says, in his " France," that his royal highness would go of a morning to Chesterfield-street to watch the progress of his friend's toilet, and remain till so late an hour that he sometimes sent away his horses, and iusisted on Brummell's giving him a quiet dinner, which generally ended in a deep potation. ""1)RUMM£LL IS EXILE. Though I have spoken of Brummell's style of dress in his early life, I shall again briefly describe it here as it came under my observation. He stood to his Whig colours to the last. His dress on the evening in question consisted of a blue coat with a velvet collar, and thc consular button, a buff waist- coat, black trowscrs, and boots. It is difficult to imagine what could have reconciled him to adopt tho two latter innovations upon evening costume, unless it were tho usual apology for such degene- racy in modern taste, the altered proportions of his legs. Without entering into a description of the exact number of wrinkles in his white neckcloth, I shall inertly say that his tie was unexceptionable, and that his " blanchisseuse" had evidently done her very best in tho " getting up," as these good bodies tenn it. I may hero observe that I never heard the Beau accused, as I have some lions, of having a tin case with a Bramah lock to keep his neckcloths iu, folded add free from thc unhallowed touch of others, though he always gave careful instructions to the washerwoman how she was to fold them ; and his valet assured me at Boulouge, with becoming ear- nestness, .that he never had a failure-he always succeeded in his tie. They were, however, subjec- ted to the strictest inspection, and a speck on one of them, however minute, was the warrant for its return to the soapsuds. The only articles of jewellery that I observed about him were a plain ring, and a massive chain of Venetian ducat gold, whichserved as a guard to his watch, and evidently as much for usc a3 ornament. Only two*links of it were to be seen, those that passed from the buttons of his waistcoat to .tho pocket. TJie ..chain, was iuw.nl mr. »n.i same pattern as those suspended tn "tcrrorem" outside the principal entrance to Newgate. The ring was dug up on the field of the Cloth of Gold by a labourer, who sold it to Brummell when he was at Calais. An opera hat and gloves, that were held in his hands, completed an attire which, being remarkably quiet, cauld never have attracted atten- tion on any other person. His mise was peculiar, only for its extreme neatnoss, and wholly at varience with an opinion that I have already mentioned as very prevalent among those who were not personally acquainted with him, that he owed his reputation to his tailor, or to an exaggerated style of dress. Nor has any satirist in the world invented nn account more dreadful than the following one of the ruling passion strong still in the mind of the poor idiot ! It would ho painful as well as tedious to detail all the different stages of mental decay through which this unfortunate man passed, before he be- came hopelessly imbecile. One of the most singu- lar eccentricities that ho'exhibited was tho follow- ing i-On cortain nights somo strange fancy would seizo him, that it was necessary he should give n party, and accordingly invited many of tho dis- tinguished persons with whom he had been intimate in former days, though som» of them were olroodj numbered, with tho dead. .? On these c-d* evenings; he disired hü attendant to «range his apartment, set ont a whist-tabîe and light the baugies. (he burnt only tallow at the time), and at eight o'clock; thia man, to whom he had al-, ready given his instructions", opened wide the door of his sitting-room, and announced the 'Duchessof Devonshire." At the sound of her grace's well-re- membered name, the Beau, instantly rising from his choir, would advance towards the door-; aud greet the cold cir from the staircase as if ithad been the beautiful Georgiana herself. If the dust of that fair creature could have stood reanimate in all her loveliness before him, she would not have thought his bow less graceful than it had been 35 years before, for, despite poor Brummell's mean habilaments and uncleanly person, the supposed visitor was received with all his former courtly ease and manuer, and the earnestness that the pleasure of such au honour might be supposed to excite. " Ah ! my dear duchess;" faltered the beau, " how rejoiced I am to see you, so very amiable of you at this short notice i Pray bury yourself in this arm chair ; do you know it was a gift to me from the Duchess of York; who was a very kind friend of mine ; bnt, poor thing, you know she is no more." Here the eyes of the old" man would fill with the teurs df idiotcy, and, sinking into the fauteuill him- self, he would sit for some time looking vacantly at tile fire, until Lord Alvanley, Worcester, or any other old friend he chose to name, was announced, when he again rose to receive them, and went through a similar pantomine. At ten, his attendant announced the carriages, and this farce was at an end. 