USEFUL HINTS ON BANKING i [From the Penny Cyclopaedia.] I " A moderate rate of interest, from 2 to 2 per cent,, is allowed by country bankers upon deposits which remain with them for any period beyond six months; some make this allowance for shorter periods. Where; a depositor has also a drawing account, the balance is struck every six months, and the interest due upon the average is placed to his credit. Upon drawing accounts, a commission, usually of a quarter per cent. is charged on all payments. The country banker, on his part, pays his London agent for the trouble which he occasions, either by keeping a certain sum of money in his hands without interest, or by allowing a' commission on the payments made for his' account, or by a fixed annual payment in lieu of the same. " It has been urged that country bankers have never paid attention to the state of the exchanges, or the circulation of the Bank of England, as indications whereby to regulate their own issues, but that they have always been anxious to put out their notes whenever they could do so upon what they considered good security; that in this reSpect they were guided only by their own respective interests, each one endeavoring: to withdraw as much of his neighbor's paper as he can, and to substitute his own. This vicious system has received a material check from the suppression of all notes under To value, a measure which arose out of the investigations which followed the memorable panic of 1825. The act of 22nd March, 1826, by which this change was effected, provided for the gradual withdrawal of small notes from circulation, by prohibiting the future use of any stamps for that purpose, and declared that their issue should wholly cease on the 5th of April, 1829\. It was on the occasion of the introduction of this act that the Bank of England undertook, at the recommendation of government, to establish branches of its own body in different parts of the country. " The practical effect of this measure of preventing the circulation of notes below £5 value, has been to lessen in an important degree, the issues of country bankers. Previously to their suppression, the small notes formed more than one-half the circulation of country bank?, whose issues have not, however, been reduced in that proportion, owing to an enlarged amount of 5 notes being taken by the public; the reduction, on the whole, has been estimated at 30 per cent. It is generally acknowledged by country bankers themselves, that the description of notes withdrawn formed by far the most dangerous part of their issues." Brief Memoir of O'connell. Daniel O'Connell was born on the 6th of August, 1775, at Cashen near Cahcrciveen, in the barony of Iveragh, and county of Kerry-the very year in which British oppression forced the American people to seek for security in arms, and commenced that bloody struggle by which they established their national independence. His father was Mr. Morgan O'Connell of Carlien, who was married to Catherine, daughter of Mr. John O'Mullane of White. Church, in the county of Cork. His father's mother was of the family of O'Donoughes (draw) or the black chiefs of their tribe. Mr. O'Connell was educated on the Continent, partly at Louvain partly at St Omer, and partly at Douay. On his return to Britain he had to undergo the formality of studying his profession (the law) in England, for, to use his own words, " when he was prepared to enter Trinity College, Trinity College was not prepared to receive him." Having swallowed the regular number of legs of mutton at the Middle Temple, he was duly admitted to the Irish Bar, in Easter Term, 1796\. Mr. O'Connell married, on the 3rd June, 1892, his relative Mary, daughter of Mr. Edward O'Connell, v M. D., of Tralee; he succeeded his father in 1839 and in 1825, by the death of his uncle, Maurice O'Connell, succeeded to the family estate of Derrynane. The O'Connell family are proverbial for living to a very old age. General Count O'Connell, Knight of the Cross of the order of the Holy Ghost, and Colonel of the late 6th Regt, of the Irish Brigade in the British service, was uncle to the Liberator; he died on the 9th of July, 1833, at Meudon, near Blois, in France ; he was the youngest of twenty-two children by one marriage, of whom one half lived to the age of ninety nine at which age this venerable patriot died; he was born in August, 1934, at Derrynane, the residence of his father, Mr. D. O'Conneh-Jjimereck Reporters 