PUSEYISM; OR THE OXFORD TRAC- TARIAN SCHOOL.* ' The readers of tbis journal will peruse with satisfaction the following reprint of an article which appeared some time back in the Edinburgh Re view , and which is attributed to the able pen of T. B. Macaulay, Esq. Its extreme length pre vents its being published in one number, but the circumstance is rather advantageous than other wise, as the various questions raised by the new schismatics of Oxford, are separately treated by the Reviewer. It may be necessary to add, that one or two passages of less apparent relevancy have been omitted, and some of the expanded illustrations have been curtailed. The Article, as a complete exposure of the preposterous assump tions of the Tractarian School, is invaluable to evangelical Protestants of every denomination, and to such it will be unnecessary to offer any apology for thus occupying a portion of four consecutive numbers of this Journal. It is now about ten years since the founders of this School set about achieving their great miracle of put- ting the ' dial ' of the world ' ten degrees backward.' Their first proceedings were comparatively moderate. They had arrived at the conclusion that the Church of England "had become more ' Protestant than the Reformation ;' that she had somehow swung loose from her moorings, and had insensibly drifted with the tide to a point very different from that at which the pilots of the Reformation had anchored her ; that the spirit of the English Church resides rather in the Liturgy and Rubric than in the Articles, and that the former ought to interpret the latter; that certain ' great and precious truths ' had nigh gone out of date, and that certain high ' gifts' and prerogatives of the Church had come to be cheaply rated. They further thought that these ' precious truths ' required to be restored, and these high' gifts' to be vindicated. To diffuse their views they commenced that remark able series of publications well known by the name of the ' Oxford Tracts;' at an early stage of which ap peared Mr. Newman's Via Media, or middle road to heaven, between Romanism and Protestantism This Via Media appeared to many nothing more or less than the ' old Roman road' uncovered and made passable. What was thus early suspected was in due time made manifest. No matter hew comparatively moderate the first pretensions of these writers; it was soon seen that their system of doctrine and ritual was fast assuming a form not essentially different from that of undisguised Romanism. Flushed with success, and forgetting all caution, they rapidly developed, partly in the Tracts and partly in separate works, principles at which the Protestant world stood aghast. In a word, tho system closely resembled that of Rome; it was, as geometri- cians say, a similar figure, only with not so large a perimeter. They affirmed, as we shall fully show hereafter, that the Scriptures were not the sole and absolute rule of faith; that tradition was supplemental to it, and that what it unanimously taught was of co-ordinate au thority; that a fully developed Christianity must be sought somewhere or other, (nobody knows where,) within the first (nobody knows how many) centuries; they spoke contemptuously of Chillingworth's celebrated maxim, and elevated that of Vincent of Lerins into its place: in defiance of the first principles of the Reform ation, they advocated ' Reserve ' in the communication of religious knowledge, and avowed their preference of the ancient disciplina arcani; they spoke in terms of superstitious reverence of the Fathers, and eagerly de- fended many of their most egregious fooleries ; they denied most contemptuously ' the right of private judg- ment,' and inculcated a blind, unquestioning acquies cence in the assurances of the Priest. As they had advocated principles which would justify nearly all the abuses of Rome, so they learned to speak of the abuses to which those principles had led in a new dialect— ii lerins which would have made the hair of Cranmer or of Ridley stand on end. They apologized for her errors, and, as they were bidden, ' spoke gently of her fall.' They were rewarded (significant omen !) with the friendly greetings of the Romanists in return ; and condescendingly assured that ' they were not far from the kingdom of God! All this will be fully proved hereafter, if indeed there are now any who stand in need of such proof. But their zeal somewhat outran discretion. They were not yet quite perfect in the art of poisoning. In stead of administering it in homœpathic doses, in in visible elements, by means of perfumed gloves or sweet confectionary; their impatience could not brook the long delay required by so tedious a process. They ex changed the gentle decoction of laurel leaves for prussic acid; till at last, in Number Ninety, which ought by right to be called the ' Art of Perjury made Easy,' they administered so strong a dose, that even the Ostrich- stomach of the Church could no longer endure it. She threw off the nauseous compound with a convulsive effort, and refused to take any further preparations from the laboratory of these modern ' Subtles.' But though the Oxford Tracts were at length silenced by authorities unwontedly patient of scandal, the poison was too widely diffused to admit of any sudden and instant counteraction. Accordingly, in periodical pub lications of all sorts and sizes—in Reviews, Magazines, and Newspapers, in flimsy Pamphlets and bulky Vol umes, in letters, in dialogues, in tales and novels in poetry, in congenial fiction and perverted history, in every form of typography, and in every species of com position — have the very same, nay, still more outrageous doctrines been industriously propagated. Of this, too, we shall give full pioof. Thus it was seen that the Via Media, instead of being a road running between Protestanism and Romanism, and parallel to both, branched off at a large angle from the former, and, after traversing a short interval of moss and bog, which quaked most fearfully under the tra veller's uncertain tread, struck into that ' broad,' well- beaten, and crowded road which leads to Rome and ' destruction ' at the same time. In attempting to give some account of the principal opinions held by the new School, we do not mean to deny that some of them are held, with certain modijica hons, by many who would strenuously remonstrate against, being elassed in the same category with its founders; nay, we shall not charge all who avow a general coincidence with holding every one to the same extent. ' Private judgment,' proscribed as it has been, has been at work here too, and left these men little reason to boast of their unity. We shall content our selves with developing the system as explained in the Oxford Tracts, and in works avowedly written in ap proval or defence of them. Apostolical Succession. — 1. These writers main tain, in its fullest integrity and extent, the doctrine of Apostolical succession. They affirm that the spiritual blessings of Christianity are, so far as we know or have * We have employed the term Puseyism, simply as the ordinary name by which a certain system of doc trines has come to be popularly designated, and by which it is therefore most readily recognised. -It is not intended to imply that the Reverend Gentleman from whose name the term has been derived, would subscribe to every statement or opinion contained in the works of the School to which he belongs; but his own writings leave us no doubt, that all the more important he eor- dially concurs. Still, we should have preferred a name not derived from an individual, had we known of any such as widely used and as generally understood. The Oxford party, it is true, vehemently protest against being designated by any name (whether derived from an individual or not) which would imply that they constituted a particular School or Sect, on the ground that their doctrines are not those of a school or sect but of the' Catholic Church !' But in this we cannot humour them ; they are in our judgment decidedly a ' Sect,' and nothing more. *' Why should we talk . . . : so little of an Aposto- lic Succession ? Why should we not seriously endea- vour to impress our people with this plain truth (!)— so that by separating themselves not only from a decent orderly, useful society, 'but from fheonly Church in this realm which has a right to be quite sure she has the Lord's body to give to his people.'— (Tracts, Vol. i., No. 4, p. 5.v ' As to the fact of the Apostolical Succession,i. e. that our present Bishops are the heirs and representatives of the Apostles by successive transmission of the prero gative of being so, this is to notorious too require proof. Every link in the chain is known from St. Peter to our present Metropolitans.' -(No. 7, p. 2.) Dr. Hook says,' We ask what was the fact, and the fact was this : that the officer whom we now call a Bishop was at first called an Apostle; although after wards it was thought better to confine the title of Apostle to those who had seen the Lord Jesus; while their successors, exercising the same rights and authority though unendowed with miraculous powers, contented themselves with the designation of Bishops,' It is the any right to infer, ordinarily restficted to the channel of an Episcopally- ordained ministry, unless found in the line of the succession — in other words, duly ordained by a Bishop duly consecrated; whose due consecration again depends on that of a whole series of Bishops from the time of the Apostles ; that ministers net so ordained have no right to preach the gospel, and cannot efficaciously administer the sacraments, let them be as holy as they may; that all who are so ordained may do both, let them be unholy as lliey will ; tliat, accordingly, Philip Doddtidge and Robert Hall were no true Chris tian ministers, but that Jonathan Swift and Lawrence Sterne were. All this we know is very mysterious; but then, as the Tracts say, so are many other things which we nevertheless believe; and why not this? It is bet ter ' to believe than to reason ' on such a subject : or believe first and reason afterwards. ' Let us believe what we do not see and know ..... Let us maintain before we have proved. This seeming paradox is the secret of happiness.' Thus, seeing is not believing,- as the vulgar suppose, but believing is seeing; and you will, in due time, know the' blessedness' of such child- like docility. But it is necesary to dwell a little on the arguments of the opposite party, in order to do full jus tice to- the hardihood of the required act of faith. Whether we consider the palpable absurdity of this doctrine, its utter destitution of historic evidence, or the outrage it implies on all Christian charity, it is equally revolting. The arguments against it are infinite, the evidence for it absolutely nothing. It rests not upon one doubtful assumption but upon fifty ; and when these are compounded together, according to Whateley's receipt for guaging the force of arguments, it defies the power of any calculus invented by man, to determine the ratio of improbability. First, the very basis on which it rests — the claim of Episcopacy itself to be considered undoubtedly and exclusively of Apostolical origin — has been most fiercely disputed by men of equal erudition and acuteness ; and, so far as can be judged, of equal integrity and piety. When one reflects how much can be plausibly and ingeniously adduced on both sides, and that it would require half a volume only to give an abstract of the arguments ; one would think that the only lesson which could or would be learned from the controversy, would be the duty of mutual charity; and a disposition to concede that the blessings of Christianity are compatible with various systems of Church polity. God forbid that we should for a mo ment admit that they are restricted to any one ! But this first proposition, however doubtful, is sus ceptible of evidence almost demonstrative, compared with that offered for half a dozen others involved in the integral reception of the doctrine of Apostolical succes sion. Accordingly, there are thousands of Episcopa lians, who, while they affirm a preponderance of evidence on behalf of Episcopicy, contemptuously repudiate this incomprehensible dogma : of these, Archbishop Whate- ley is an illustrious example. The theory is, that each Bishop, from the Apostolic times, has received in his consecration a mysterious ' gift,' and also transmits to every Priest in his ordi nation a mysterious ' gift ' indicated in tbe respective offices by the awful words, ' Receive the Holy Ghost ;' that on this the right of Priests to assume their functions and the preternatural grace of the sacraments adminis tered by them, depends; that Bishops, once conse crated, instantly become a sort of Leyden jar of spiritual electricity and are invested with the remarkable pro perty of transmitting the ' gift' to others ; that this has been the case from the primitive age till now ; that this high gift has been incorruptibly transmitted through the hands of impure, profligate, heretical ecclesiastics, as ignorant and flagitious as any of their lay contemporaries ; that, in fact, these ' gifts' are perfectly irrespective of the moral character and qualifications both of Bishop and Priest, and reside in equal integrity in a Bonner or a Cranmer — a Parson Adams or a Parson Trulliber. Numberless are the questions which reason and charity forthwith put to the advocates of this doctrine, to none of which will they deign an answer except the one already given — that believing is seeing, and implicit faith the highest demonstration. What is imparted ? what transmitted ? Is it somethinq or nothing ? Is consecration or ordination accompanied (as in primitive times) by miraculous powers, by any inviguration of intellect, by increase of knowledge, by greater purity of heart? It is not pretended : and if it were, facts con tradict it, as all history testifies : the ecclesiastic who is ignorant or impure before ordination, is just as much so afterwards. Do the parties themselves profess to be conscious of receiving the gift ? No. Is the conveyance made evident to us by any proof which certifies any fact whatsoever — by sense, experience, or consciousness ? It is not affirmed. In a word, it appears to be a nonen tity inscribed with a very formidable name — a very substantial shadow ; and dispute respecting it appears about as hopeful as that concerning the ' indelible character' imparted in the umeiterable sacraments of the Romish Church ; of which Campbell archly says — ' As to the ubi of the character, there was no less variety of sentiments — some placing it in the essence of the soul, others in the understanding ; some in the will, and others more plausibly in the imagination; others even in the hands and tongue; but, by the general voice, the body was excluded. So that the whole of what they agreed in amounts to this, that in the unreiterable sacraments, as they call them, something, they know not what, is imprinted, they know not how, on something in the soul of the recipient, they know not where , which never can be deleted.' Again, who can testify that this gift has been incor ruptibly transmitted through the impurities, heresies, and ignorance of the dark ages ? Is there nothing that can invalidate Orders? ' Yes,' say some of these men, ' error in fundamentals will.' Others affirm it will not ; but still, with that superstitious reverence for forms which ever attends neglect of the substance, declare that they may be invalidated ' if the formalities of consecra tion have not being duly observed ! Either answer will serve the purpose. If error in essentials is sufficient to invalidate Orders, we ask — had the Romish Church so erred when you separated from her? If she had, her own Orders were invalid, and she could not transmit yours. If she had not, as you all affirm that nothing but heresy in fundamentals can justify separation, you are schismatics, and your own Orders are invalid. What are the conditions on which the validity of Orders depends, or whether any thing can annul them except some informality in ordination itself, our Angli- can friends are very reluctant to state. That they do not insist on all those conditions of the Romish Church which made Chillingworth say, that ' of a hundred seem ing Priests,' it was doubtful whether there ' was one true one,' is certain; and it is equally certain that they are discreet in adopting such a course. The Fathers, indeed, often insist upon purity of life and integrity of doctrine as necessary to authenticate the claims of a successor of the Apostles ; but it would not be conve nient, with the ecclesiastical history of the middle ages spread out before us, to insist strongly on any such requisites ; it being certain that in those ages (here has been no lack of simoniacal, atheistical, and profligate Prelates ; though, if simony, atheism, and profligacy will not annul ' holy orders,' truly we know not what will. The majority, therefore, seem to have deter mined that there is hardly any amount of doctrinal pra- vity or practical licentiousness which could repel the indwelling spirit of holiness — though, incomprehensible dogma! an error in the form of consecration may ! Be it so. The chances are still infinite that there have not been flaws somewhere or other in the long chain of the succession — and though these may be few, yet as no one knows where the fatal breach may be, it is sufficient to spread universal panic through the whole Church. What Bishop can be sure that he and his predecessors in the same line have always been duly consecrated ? or what presbyter, that he was ordained by a Bishop, who had a right to ordain him ? Who will undertake to trace up his spiritual pedigree unbroken to the very age of the Apostles, or give us a complete catalogue of his spiritual ancestry ? prerogative of men of this school to talk nonsense; but really Dr. Hook abuses his privilege. It reminds one of what a lad said to Pellisson, ' Really, Monsieur Pe lisson, you abuse your sex's privilege — of being ugly. We can imagine the perplexity of a presbyter thus .cast in doubt as to whether or not he has ever had the invaluable ' gift ' of Apostolical succession conferred upon him. As that ' gift' is neither tangible nor visible the subject neither of experience nor consciousness;— as it cannot be known by any ' effects ' produced by it, (for that mysterious efficacy which attends the adminis tration of rites at its possessor's hands, is like the gift which qualifies him to admister them, also invisible and intangible.) — -he may imagine, uhhappy man ! that he has been ' regenerating ' infants by baptism, when he has been simply sprinkling them with water. ' What is the matter ?' the spectator of his distractions might ask. ' What have you lost ?' 'Lost !' would be the re ply. ' I fear I have lost my apostolical succession, or rather, my misery is that I do not know and cannot tell whether I ever had it to lose !' It is of no use here to suggest the usual questions, ' When did you see it last ? When were you last conscious of possessing it ?' What a peculiar property is that of which, though so invalu able— nay, on which the whole efficacy of the Christian ministry depends— a man has no positive evidence to show whether he ever had it or not ! which; if ever con ferred, was conferred without his knowledge; and which, if it could be taken away, would still leave him ignorant, not only when, where, and how the theft was committed, but whether it had ever been committed or not! The sympathizing friend might, probably, remind him, that as he was not sure he had ever had it, so, perhaps, he still had it without knowing ? ' Perhaps! he would reply ; ' but it is certainty I want.' ' Well,' it might be said, Mr. Gladstone assures you, that, on the most moderate computation, your chances are as 8000 to 1 that you have it' ' Pish !' the distracted man would exclaim, ' what does Mr. Gladstone know about the matter ?' And, truly, to that query we know not well what answer the friend could make'. But the difficulties of this puzzling doctrine do not end here. It is asked, how a man who is no true Christian, can be a true Christian minister? How he, who is not even a true disciple of Christ, can be a genuine succes sor of the Apostles? Whether it be not impious to suppose that God has pledged himself to impart, by inevitable necessity, the gift of the ' Holy Ghost ' to an unholy man — merely on the performance of external rites, and to qualify him for the performance of the functions of a purely moral institute,' though still morally unfit ? We can understand, it may be said, how, by the overruling providence of God, a bad man preaching truth may do some good, if the hearer,- (a rare case) has both sense and honesty to separate truth from him who propounds it. But if he he ignorant of the truth, and preach ' pernicious error,' (as thousands so ordained have done,) we cannot conceive how his preaching can have the effect of truth, simply because he is 'commis sioned.' Yet this, no less an authority than Mr. Mel ville asserts, in language as plain as the doctrine itself is mystical In like manner, if it be supposed that the sacraments are only external signs of affecting and momentous truths, and that the benefit derived from them still de pends on the moral and spiritual dispositions of the recipients, we can understand that they may be bene ficial even when he who administers them may be a bad man. In both the above cases, however, as the effect is a moral one, that effect will be proportionably di minished by the conviction of the worthlessness of the officiating Priest. This necessarily results from the laws of our moral nature. It is impossible to get the generality of men to revere that which their teachers practically despise; to obey precepts rather than imitate example. As all history shows, it is impossible long, to maintain religion when the Priest is himself irreligious. . But trial, by a divinely-ordained necessity, some pre- ternatural efficacy, itself certified by no evidence either of sense or consciousness, is conveyed through the minister merely because he has been episcopally ordained, (how ever wicked or worthless he may be,) and which is with held when that ordination is wanting, (however worthy and holy he may be,) who can really believe? Nothing but the most express revelation, or the most undeniable effects, could attest it. And both the one and the other the advocates of the dogma are avowedly unable to indicate. At these, and all other arguments, the supporter of the doctrine only shakes his head in awful warning, pro claims his horror of ' rationalistic ' presumption, and asserts, that by implicit faith alone can it be received. In this we believe him. And is it, can it be true that Christians will be content to receive these strange conclusions ? Are they willing to sacrifice even char ty itself to an absurdity ? Powerful as are the arguments on all hands against this paradox, none is so powerful with us as this. The advocates of the Oxford system, when they are destitute of arguments, (which may be represented as their ordinary condition,) are fond of appealing to our moral feelings ; if we do not know, they tell its we may feel the truth of a certain conclusion. Without being, we trust, in the same miserable destitution of argument, we would fearlessly adopt their course on the present occasion. We feel that if there were nothing else to say, there is no propo sition in Mathematics more certain, than that a dogma which consigns the Lutheran, the Scottish, and indeed the whole reformed Non Episcopal clergy to contempt, however holy ; and which necessarily authenticates the claims of every Episcopal Priest, however unholy — must be utterly alien from the spirit of the institute of the New Testament. (to be continued ) 