NIMROD ON THE BOTTLE. But now to the bottle ; and, in pursuance of my subject, I will give a brief history of the drinking career of an English gentle- man's son in my youthful days. It too often commenced at a public school, as mine did at that of Rugby. How often have I been hoisted over a wall at night, and re-hoisted by the same means, with a bottle of wine under my great-coat, from 'Master Lamley,' as we used to call him, of the Spread Eagle, or 'old Brummage,' of the Black Bear. The price of the bottle was half-a-crown, and what it was com- posed of mattered not ; it was black and strong, and called 'port.' Then what a scene of confusion would often arise whilst we were drinking and carousing over this horrible mixture, in our comfortable little studies, when the word 'Absence' resounded through the yard. The ordeal here was rather a serious one. The crime of drunk- enness was become so flagrant, that the visiting-masters, each week in their turns, were very much on the alert to detect it ; and, having detected it, of course to punish it. As we set a thief to catch a thief, the 'old doctor,' as we called the head-master, in my time, a dear lover of a drop himself, was the most dangerous to encounter on these occasions. Like the philosopher of old, who complained that he had been of- fered a glass when he expected a kiss (from a lady who had been drinking), he would put himself in a position to come in contact with the breath of a boy he suspected had been drinking ; and was absolutely once seen to stoop down to have a sniff of what had been ejected by an overcharged stomach, which, without submitting to the test of the chemist, he pronounced to be wine. What followed may be easily guessed at. But we were generally wide awake on these occasions. We had a bit of orange or lemon-peel at our ready command, as a foil to the scent ; and, to their honour be it said, the masters never intruded them- selves into our private apartments. But what must be thought, amongst all this scrutiny, of our half-yearly feast—the last day of each half- year—when every boy in the school was put to bed dead drunk with rum-punch ! O, how well I remember the next day's effects of this infernal potation ! It spoiled the pleasure of the first day's journey on our road home, which would otherwise have been one of the happiest in the year ; and, by almost incessantly drinking to allay thirst, it generally ended in a second night's debauch. But I have not done with the progress of the bottle at Rugby School. There were boys in it, in my time, who became habitual drunkards. There were the beef- steak and other clubs, and some of my school-fellows did not spend less than £200 per annum in the town of Rugby in the course of the year. I could name one, in whose room I oc- casionally officiated as 'fag,' or waiter, who would have two or three different sorts of wine on the table, and amongst them the then very expensive one of hock. With this hopeful youth the hic and the hæc— excuse the wit, tho' somewhat on a par with old Lamley's port—were of minor importance. He was a nobleman's son, and could do without either Latin or Greek. I could name two or three other hard- drinking men who started at Rugby, as if they thought life was a race, and who never pulled up until arrested by death at a very early age. And yet, I believe, Rugby was neither before nor behind Eton in devotions to Bacchus as well as to Apollo. I re- member passing a short vacation at a friend's house in Buckinghamshire, and accompany- ing a gentleman to Eton on the Friday, for the purpose of tipping his two nephews with a five-pound note. We saw them again on the following Monday, when they unblushingly avowed that the little bit of flimsy had just paid for the anchovy toast and wine of the preceding week. The universities again,—what a trial was a few years' residence in either of them to an unseasoned youth, whose inclinations led him to pay his devoirs to the ivy-clad god ! I have now before me in my memory's eye the finish of an evening in what was called 'a good fellow's rooms at Oxford, some thirty years back. It would have afforded fine scope for the pencil of a Ho- garth, and a very instructive moral as well. The almost daily repetition of such scenes increased the evil,—for the wine was all but poisonous ; and many a younger brother became heir-apparent from this very cause. But drinking was a fashionable vice in my early days, and I was very near being a drunkard myself ; and, to induce me to do so, he would often remind me of these lines in Prior : 'I drank.—I liked it not ; 'twas rage, 'twas noise, An airy scene of transitory joys ; To the late rever and protected feast Wild dreams succeeded, and disordered rest.' But I wish I could say that this was the only instance in which I preferred the song of the siren to the salutary forewarnings of a good man. I veered with the wind and swam with the stream, until I got into the eddy of the gulf that was before me. A commission in a hard-drinking cavalry regiment very nearly did the business. 'Look at that boy,' said the surgeon, one night, pointing to myself (I had been then about two years in the regiment), 'he fancies he cannot sleep without the third tumbler of punch upon a skinful of wine.' Neither could I have slept if I had gone quite sober to bed. However naturally incredulous of ghosts and goblins, such was the excited state of my nerves, that the naked walls of my barrack-room would have been adorned with the portraiture of saints or devils, men dead or men dying, as accurately as if they had been sketched by the pencil of a limner. Without my punch, I had seen a man hanging at the foot of my bed as plain as I had seen him the previous day on the gallows ; as, also, the wounded soldier in the agony of death would be writhing be- fore my eyes, if I awoke in the night. But I was not the only one in this situation. Much as my regiment suffered by the sword, I have reason to believe that, among the officers, about equal slaughter was com- mitted by the bottle. Perhaps as memorable an instance of a decided victim to the former as the annals of Bacchus could produce, was our late adjutant's son, as fine a young man ; and as brave a young man, as ever wore a sword on his thigh. Before he was six-and-twenty, he destroyed a Constitution that appeared as if it would have bid defiance to Time, and thus fell into a premature grave. But much of this drinking proceeded from what may be called a trial of strength.—that 'painful pre-eminence' which Addison speaks of. We had two or three officers in the regiment whose heads were as hard as their hearts were soft ; and, as there was no pint-of- wine distinction at our mess, we youngsters could not tear ourselves from their bewitch- ing society. In one of these trials, I am sorry to say, I particularly distinguished myself : but, like the favourite for the St. Leger, I shall soon shew what fearful odds I had to contend with, and, like him, what a slight chance I had to win My compe- titor was, in the first place, a man of nearly twice my calibre, and as thoroughly sea- soned as an old port wine cask. In the next place, he has been in the regiment nearly three years longer than myself ; and he had left a character behind him at Ox- ford as nearly the best tempered man, and quite the hardest drinker of Trinity College. What chance, then, had I again such an opponent as this ? 'Twas the sapling to the oak. But at it we went, foot to foot, in a Dublin hotel, to prove which was the better man—in other words, the greatest beast,—and the following was the return of bottles empted : thirty-four, of port, sherry, Madeira, and claret, in four days—or four bottles each man per day, and on over,— every bottle decanted by ourselves, as was then the custom in the sister-island—besides cherry-brandy in the morning, at Anderson's fruit-shop, and whisky-punch after our oysters at night. Now, then, for the effect. On the hero of Trinity—none at all ; not an extra tinge was given to his rosy but handsome face ; but the result to myself is not so soon summed up. A month and three days was I in my bed,—head shaved, —brother sent for express,—given over by the doctor,—prayed to by the chaplain,— and, to give you some idea of the raging fever I brought upon myself—you will ex- cuse my going to the road for a simile— when the bed-clothes were turned down I smoked like a coach-horse at the end of a ten-mile stage on a frosty morning in No- vember ! Of course, this cured me of these 'trials of strength,'—at least, I con- clude my reader will think so. Not it, indeed ! I would not have yielded to Alexander himself, much more to a brother officer, after this one defeat: we had several more severe struggles for the victory, which I never could gain ; and it was only a few months back that the last struggle took place between the Major and Time—having maintained the character he brought with him from Oxford to the last hour of much more than an average life. Not so myself. I became a sportsman—an almost infallible cure for such health-destroying excesses ; and, independently of occasional outbreaks, a very sober man from that time to this. Moreover, the longer I live the more I cherish a sentiment expressed by a very zealous sportsman, a ci-devant master of fox-hounds, that, "it is part of every man's moral duty to preserve his health for fox- hunting alone." But these times have passed away ; and if the intervals between eras could be in- stantly annihiliated, and it were possible to display the usuages of society some fifty years back, there would, perhaps, be found to do as much alteration in the system of drinking amongst the upper orders of per- sons, which the world call gentlemen, as in any other system with which society is connected. A confirmed drunkard is now held in abhorrence ; and a gentleman drunk in public is nearly become an un- usual sight. On the other hand, forty years back a gentleman quite sober at a ball, or an evening party, was not often to be met with ; and I confess that, in my youth, I valued a man according to the quantity of wine he could drink and carry away with him. But I was born and bred in a very hard-going neighbourhood ; and, were I to tell you all I know, and all I have wit- nessed on this subject, it would almost ap- pear certain, that a change has taken place in the human constitution as well as in human morals ; and that, if gentlemen were now inclined to drink as much as they used to do, they would fail in the attempt from sheer physical inability. Then, again, in the formalities and ceremonies of drinking, what changes have been effected ! For example, entering into minutiæ, I remember the day when the white glass decanter was not generally in use at the houses of country gentlemen of from one or two thousand a-year. It was a green bottle, much re- sembling the French claret-bottle, only blown in rather a more regular form ; and, with the addition of a well-cleaned and large silver label, with a rich border, de- noting its contents, suspended from its neck, had very far from an unsightly appearance. At the period I allude to, again, but little wine was drunk at dinner ; nor was it placed upon the dinner-table at all. This, however, was a nuisance ; for, in addition to the extra trouble given to servants in handing it round, there was the dull for- mality of selecting the colours of the wine by the pledging parties, some times little short of two minutes' work. It was 'Which wine will you take ma'am ?' when ma'am would answer, 'I choose red, sir ; but pray don't let me prevent your taking white.' Then, how common an occurrence was it, either to see a mutton-fisted footman—if he did not run against another mutton-fisted footman, when wine and glasses, were all floored at once—let slip this glass of red from off a slippery waiter into some lady's lap, if she escaped knocking it over her- self with her elbow. These mishaps, I remember, were perpetually occurring at my own father's table, and for this plain reason,—none but a mutton-fisted footman would live with him ; for, although a Christian at all other times, and kind in the extreme to his out- of-door menials, there was something of the fera about him at his meals, which kept him in a state of warfare with his house-servants, and made them more awkward than they otherwise might have been. 'You have neither eyes nor ears,' he would tell them a dozen times during dinner, and perhaps he would have been glad to have added, 'nor mouths.' One of the greatest improvements in our social hours is the abolition of the noisy and no less senseless ceremony, of drinking healths at table ; and yet, if I thought you would stand it, I could bring you a list of authorities for the antiquity of the custom as long as my arm. Perhaps its origin is de- duced from the libations offered, first, to the true God, and afterwards to those who were not true Gods. This is beautifully illustrated by my favorite bard, in his first Æneid, where Dido presents the cup to Bitias, at the welcome feast to her beloved Æneas : Dixit, et in mensa laticum libavit honorem : Primaque libato snmmo tenus attigit ore. Tum Bitia dedit increpitans : illa impiger hausit Spumantem poteram, et pleno se proluit auro : Post alii proceres. Suetonius also speaks of drinking of healths as a custom not only in use among the Romans, but likewise practised by the Greeks, which Athenæus confirms by the mention of a law by an ancient king of Athens (Amphyctyon, I believe), by which it was enjoined that Jupiter Conservator should be invoked at all their drinking par- ties, in order to insure a good state of health. He likewise informs us that, in the house of Medius, the Thessalian, Alexander the Great drank to twenty guests at table, and was in return drank to by them. 'Cum Alexander apud Medium Thessalium cœnaret, adessentque viginti in symposio, omnes provocavit, ab omnibus pariter accipiens.' (Lib. x.cap. 11). Then old Plautus, the play-writer, who flourished two hundred years before we begin to reckon time, cannot be mistaken : 'Cedo sane bene Mihi, bene vobis, bene amico meo Also, we may now see them nodding their heads. 'Bene vos, bene nos ; bene te, bene me, bene nostram, Etiam Strephanium. Ovid Martial, and Juvenal, also mention intercession for health (as does the Bible in many places) ; and one line of the first named reminds me of our good-old fashioned toast of church and king : 'Et, bene nos, patriæ, bene te, pater optime Cassar.' But the fact of either the one or the other being better for our toasting is more than doubted by St. Ambrosius, who wrote fifteen centuries back, and who condemns the prac- tice as promoting drunkenness. 'Bibamus, inquiunt, pro salute Imperutorum, bibamus pro salute exercituum ; pro comitum virtute ; pro filiorum sanitate,' &c.; ; and finishes by exclaiming; O stultitia hominum, qui ebrie- tatem sacrificium putant !' The custom, however has given birth to many beautiful passages, both in verse and prose ; and among the latter may be reckoned the melancholy fact related by Cicero of the philosopher Theramenes, who, when he took the poisoned cup, drank it to Criteas, through whose means he was to suffer an unjust and ignominious death. But we may trace to distant eras several other customs besides drinking healths, even to the minutest ceremonies of the festive board. The president, or toast- master, we find mentioned in the Bible, by the author of Ecclesiasticus 'If thou be made the master [of the feast], lift not thy- self up, but be among them as one of the rest ; take diligent care for them, and so sit down. And when thou hast done all thy office, take thy place, that thou mayest be merry with them, and receive a crown for thy well ordering of the feast.' This master was appointed by various device. Horace elects him by dice, Plautus by the will of the guests, and he was called by various names ; but dictator, the one given him by Plautus, was most characteristic of such an office in my younger days, when 'off with your heel- taps' was a word of command which was to be obeyed, when given from the chair, whether those who heard it had room in their stomachs, for another glass, or whether they were already kicking at the very sight of wine. But it is quite ap- parent that there were no shirkers in old times. The chief of the feast, first began, and put the cup to his next neighbour,—each man drinking in his proper turn,and never it appears, allowed to refuse. The Greeks, ac- cording to Cicero, were equally severe : 'Græci enim in conviviis solent nominare cui poculum tradituri sint.' (Tusc. Quæst lib. i.) The ancients, however, had a few customs not in use in modern days. For example, the Romans would drink as many cups of wine as there were letters in the names of their favorite mistresses, to which Martial alludes in very pretty epigram. 'Nævia sex cyathis, septem Justina bibatur, Quinque Lycas, Lyde quatuor, Ida tribus ; Omnis ab infuso numertur arnica Falerno, Et quia nulla venit, tu mihi, Somne, Veni.' They would also drink nine cups to the Muses and three to the Graces, in reference to the number of each, from whence the proverb, 'Aut ter bibendum, aut novies ?' as well as several other classical allusions. Even what we call 'the stirrup cup,' which I only came a very few years too late into the world to partake of, was not omitted by the jolly dogs of old time ; at least something very like it was the 'Pocu- lum boni geni' which the Romans drank, when they parted, for the health and pros- perity of the host and the emperor. During the prevalence of the practice in our own, country, it was, I have been told, a very common case to see a man, a gentleman too, so drunk as to be obliged to be lifted on his horse, and yet not suffered to depart without this finish to the feast, which he took after he was seated in his saddle. It was this that gave rise to the following story, the truth of wtiich I do not vouch for. A Welshman, who fell from his horse on the brink of a mountain rivulet, was heard to exclaim, as the bubbling stream occasionally touched his lips,—'Thank ye kindly, my good friend, but I cannot drink one drop more.' [TO BE CONTINUED.] 