THE NUMBER SEVEN. Seven is composed of the two first perfect numbers, equal and unequal—three and four; for one is not number, and the number two (which, added to itself, or multiplied by itself. gives the same result) is not perfect. It comprehends Che primary numerical tri angle, or trine, and square or quartile—con junctions considered by the favourers of plane taxy iaflnenee as of the most benign aspect. It is the only number which forms a circle with one central circle, the rest around it. In six days creation was perfected; the seventh was consecrated to rest. On the seventh of the seventh month, a holy observance was ordained to the people of Israel, who lasted seven days, and remained seven days intents. The seventh year was directed to be a Sabbath of rest for all things ; and at the end of seven times seven years commenced the grand jubilee. Every seventh year the land lay fallow. Every seventh year there was a general re lease from all debts, and all bondsmen were set free. From this law may hare originated the custom of our binding young men to seven years* apprenticeship, and of punishing incor rigible offenders by transportation for seven ' years, twice seven, or three times seven years. Every seventh year the law was directed to be read to the people. Jacob served seven years for the possession of Rachel, and also another seven years for Leah, and another for his cattle. Noah had seven days 9 warning of the Flood, and was commanded to take the fowls of the air into the ark by sevens, and the clean beasts by sevens. The ark touched the ground on the seventh month; and a dove was sent abroad; on its return it remained in the ark seven days, when it was again sent forth, and yet again after other seven days. 'I he seven years of plenty and the seven < years of famine were foretold, in Pharaoh's j dream, by the seven fat and the seven lean j Line, and the seven ears of full and the seven ! ears of blasted corn. Nebuchadnezzar was seven years a beast, and the fiery furnace was heated seven times j hotter to receive Shadrach, Meshech, and j Abednego. The young of animals were to remain with the dam seven days; and, at the close of the seventh, to be taken away. By the old law, man was commanded to for give his offending brother seven limes ; but the meekness of the Christian religion exten ded his humility and forbearance to seventy times seven. "If Cain shall be avenged se venfold, truly Lantech seventy and sevenfold." In the destruction of Jericho seven priests bare seven trumpets seven days. On the seventh, they surrounded the walls seven times; and after the seventh the walls fell. Balaam prepared seven bullocks and seven rams for a sacrifice. Seven of Saul's sons were hanged to stay a famine. ! Laban pursued Jacob seven days* journey. I Job's friends sat with him seven days and seven nights, and offered seven bullocks and seven rams as an atonement for their wicked ness. In the seventh year of his reign, King Aha snerus feasted seven days; and, on the seventh, directed his seven chamberlains to find a queen, who was allowed seven maidens to attend her. Miriam was cleansed of her leprosy by being shut up seven days. Solomon was seven years building the tem ple, at the dedication of which he feasted seven days. In the tabernacle were seven lamps. Seven days were appointed for an atonement upon the altar; and the priest's son was or dained to wear his father's garments seven days. The children of Israel ate unleavened bread seven days. Abraham gave seven ewes to Abimelech as a memorial for a well. Joseph mourned seven days for Jacob. The Rabbins say, that God employed the power of answering this number to perfect the greatness of Samuel, his name answering the value of the letters in the Hebrew word which j signifies seven; hence, Hannah, his mother, in her thanks says, "that the barren had brought forth seven." In Scripture are enumerated seven, resurrec-i j tions—the widow's son, by Elias; the Shu : nam mite's son, by Elisha; the soldier who ! touched the bones of the prophet; the daughter Jof the ruler of the synagogue ; the widow's ton !of Xain; Lazarus; and oir blessed Lord. I The Apostles chose seven deacons. | Enoch, who was translated, was the seventh ; after A<iam : and Jesus Christ, the seventy | seventh in a direct line. Out Saviour spoke seven times from the j cross, on which he remained seven hours. He j appeared afterwards seren times; after seven j times seven days he sent the Holy Ghost. In the Lord's Prayer are seven petitions, contained in seven times seven words, omit ting those of mere grammatical connection. Within this number are concealed all the mysteries of the Apocalypse, revealed to the seven churches of Asia. There appeared seven golden candlesticks, and seven stars in the hand of him that was in the midst; seven lambs before the s?ven spirits of God; the book with seven seals; the lamb with seven horns and seven eyes; seven angels with seven seals ; seven kings, seven thunders, seven thou sand men slain; the dragon with seven heads and seven crowns ; the beast with seven heads ; seven angels, bringing seven plagues and seven phials of wrath. The vision of Daniel was seventy weeks. The elders of Israel were seventy. ! There are also numbered seven heavens, seven planets, seven stars, seven wise men, seven champions of Christendom, seven notes '■ in music, seven primary colours, seven deadly sins, seven sacraments in the Roman Catholic Church, and seven orders of ecclesiastics. The seventh son was considered as endowed with pre-eminent wisdom. The seventh son of a seventh son is still thought to possess the power of healing diseases spontaneously. Perfection is likened to gold seven times purified in the fire ; and we still say, *' You frighten me out of my seven senses." The opposite sides of every face on the dice make seven; hence players at hazard make seven the main. The shield of Ajax. consisted of seven bulls' hides. There were seven chiefs before Thebes. The blood was to bs sprinkled seven times before the altar. Naaman was to be dipped seven times in Jordan. Apuleius speaks of dipping the head seven times in the sea for purification. In all solemn rites of purgation, dedication, and consecration, the oil and water were seven times sprinkled. The house of wisdom, in the Proveibs, had seven pillars. The world has seven wonders. Rome, the mystic Babylon, has seven i mountains. London, the modern Babylon, has seven electoral districts. There are seven parts of fructification, seven kinds of seed-vessels, and seven kinds of roots. There are seven kinds of law in England, and seven orders of nobility. i Hippocrates says, that the septennary num ber, by its occult virtues, tends to the accom plishment of all things—to be the dispenser of life, and fountain of all its changes; and, like Shakspeare, he divides the lite of man into seven ages. In seven months a child may be born, and live, and not befoie; and, anciently, it was i not named before seven days, not being ac counted fully to have life before that periodical day. The teeth spring out in the seventh month, and are shed and renewed in the seventh year, when infancy is changed into. childhood. At twice seven years puberty be gins ; at thrice seven years the faculties are developed, manhood commences, and we be come legally competent to all civil acts. At four times seven man is in full possession of his strength; at five times seven he is fit for the business of the world ; at six times seven he becomes grave and wise, or never: at seven times seven he is in his apogee, and from that time decays; at eight times seven he is in his first climacteric; at nine times seven, or sixty three, he is in his grand climacteric, or year of danger; and ten times seven, or three score years and ten, has, by the royal prophet, been pronounced the natural period of human life. 