A BEAUTIFUL SPEECH. (from simmond's colonial Magazine.) Among the budget of curious papers we received by the last steamer from our attentive agent at Boston, was a copy of the Natchez Free Trader , on running, over the columns of which we found a perfect gem of Indian cluquctice. It purports to be a speech of Colonel Cobb, the celebrated half- bred chief o! the Choctaws, made in reply to J.J. M'Rae, Esq., the agent lor enrolling and emigrating the Indians td)theWestof the Mississippi, who had made a speech to the Indians, about one thou sand in number, assembled at Hopahka, informing them that " their council fires ho more could be Kindled here;" that" their warriors can have no field for their glory, and that their spirits will deeay with them ; and that il they should take the hand of their great lather, the President, which is now offered to them to lead to their western homes, then will their hopes be higher— their destinies brighter." The Natchez Courier appropriately says of this bit of eloquence, that for comprehensiveness and bievity, for beauty of diction and force3 for affecting- submility and propriety of sentiment, they iiave never seen auy pro duction to exceed it. We publish it as a composition worthy to be preserved. ' Speech of Colonel Cobb , Head Mingo of ihe Choctaws East of the Mississippi, in reply to the Agent of the United Slates. "Brother— We have heard you talk as from the lips of our father, the great White Chief at Washington, and my people have called upon me- to speak to. you. The red man has no books, and when lie wishes to make known his views like hfs father before hiiir, be speaks- Irom his mouth. He i» afraid of Writing.— ' When he speaks he knows what be gays— the Great Spirit hears bim. Writing is the invention of the pale faces ; it gives birth to error and to fends, Fbe Great Spirit talks — we hear him in the thunder — in the rushing winds and the mighty waters— bnt- Ire never Write®. " Brother when you were young, we were strong ; we fought by your side ;-but our arms are now broken. You have grown large -my peofpfe have become small. " Brother — My voice is weak i voir can scarcely hear me; it is not the shout of a warrior,, but the' wail of an infant. I have lost it in mourning over the misfortunes of my people. These are their graVesy add in those aged pines you hear the ghost's of the departed ; their ashes are here, and we have been left to protect them.. Our warriors are nearly all gone to t&' far country west ;"but here are our dead. Shall We' go; too, and give their bones to the wolves ? "Brother — Two sleeps have passeor ssice we nearu you talk. We have.thoughl upon it— You asfc u9 to leave our country, "arid tell us it is 'out Father's wish.- VVe would not desire to displease our Father.. We re spect him, and you , are. his .child : but the Ghostaw always thinks, we want time to answer. " Brother— Our hearts are full. Twelve winferd1 agoc our Chiefs sold our "country. rEvery warrior that yotr see here was opposed to the treaty. If the dead could have been counted, it could never have been made; but, alas! although they stood around, they could not be seen or heard. Their tears came in the rain-drops, and: their voices on the wailing wind ; but the pale faces' knew it not, and our land was taken away. " Brother — We do not now complain. The Choc- taw suffers, but he never weeps. You have the strong arm, aud we cannot resist ; but the pale face worships the Great Spirit — so does the red man. The Great !Spirit loves truth. When you took our country, you promised us land. There is your promise in the book. Twelve times have the trees dropped their leaves, and. yet we have received no land. Our houses have been taken from lis. The white man's plough turns tip the bones of our fathers. We dare not kindle our fi es, and yet you said we might remain, and you would give us land. " Brother — Is this truth? But we believe, now our Great Father knows our condition, he will listen to' us. We are as mourning orphans in our country ; but our Father will take us by the hand. When he fulfils his promise, we will answer his talk. lie means well —we know it. But we canndt think now. Grief has made children of us. When bur business is settled, we shalL be men again, and talk to our Great Fathei about what he has promised. ""Brother — You stand' in the moccasins of a great chief ; you spo.ke,;tlre words of a mighty nation, and your talk was. long. My people are small ; their sha dows scarcely Teatbh to your knee, they are scattered and gone ; when I shout, I hear my voice in the depths of the woods, but no answering shout comes back. My words therefore are few. 1 have nothing more to say, but to tell what I have said to the tall chief of the pale fabes whose brotherJWm. Tyler of Virginia, brother to the President of the. United States, recently appointed one of the Choctaw Commissioners. stands by your side. 