GERMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. In our issue of the 3rd. Instant wo noticed tho publication of a pamphlet addressed by a Roman Catholic priest in Upper Silesia, named Jnhn Ronge, to the lower orders of the Roman Clergy, calling on them to unite their exertions with him in the pulpit and in tho confessional chair, against the ultra montanists and the Bishop of Rome, in order to found, by council and synod, a National german Catholic Church, independent of lroman darkness. We now subjoin the fbllowing extract, copied from the Silesjan gazette, and published in the Times of the 21st February last : — (From the Silesian Gazette.) Breslau, Feb. 10 ? The following is the oon ession of faith adopted by the followers of John Ronge : ' 1. Wo throw off tho allegiance of the Bishop of Rome and his whole establishment. . 2\. We maintain full liberty of conscience, md contemn, every compulsion, falsehood, and hypocrisy. ' 3. The basis and the contents of the Chris tian belief are the Bible. . '4. The free investigation and interpretation is not to be restrained by external authority. ' 5. As the essential contents of our faith, we lay down the following symbols : ' I believe in God tho Father, who has created the world by his omnipotent word, and who governs it in wisdom, justice, and love. ' ' I believe in Jesus Christ our Saviour, who, by his doctrine, his life, and death, has saved us from bondage and sin. ' ' 1 believe in the working of tho Holy Ghost on earth, a holy universal Chris tian Church, forgiveness of sin, and life everlasting. Amen.' ' 6. Wo recognise only two sacraments as instituted by Christ — Baptism and tho Lord's Supper. ' 7. We uphold infant baptism, and receive, by solemn act of Confirmation, as self-acting members of the congregation, those persons who are sufficiently instructed in tho doctrines of faith. ' 8. The Lord's Supper will be distributed to the congregation, as instituted by _ Christ, in both forms. Auricular Confession is rejected. ' 9. We recognise Marriage as an institution ordained by God, and therefore to bo kept holy by man: we maintain for it tho sanction of the Church, and consider, with regard to the con ditions and restrictions applying to it, tho laws of the State alone as binding. ' 10. We believe and confess that Christ is the only mediator between God and man ; we reject therefore, tho invocation of saints, the adoration of relics and images, the remission of sins by tho priest, and all pilgrimages. '11. We believe that the so-called good works have only value in so far as they are tho emanation of Christian sentiments; we reject, therefore, all commands of fasting. ' 12. We believe and confess that it is tho first duty of tho Christian to manifest his faith by works of Christian love.' Tho commotion which this new doctrine has produced in Germany and Poland is on the increase Ronge has already been burned in effigy, with as many copies of his manifestoes as could be collected, by fanatical peasants in tho vicinity of Goblentz. 