GREENWICH FAIR. If the parks be the "lungs of London," we wonder what Greenwich fair is--a perio- dical breaking out, we suppose; a sort of spring-rash--a three days' fever, which cools the blood for six months afterwards; and, at the expiration of which, London is restored to its old habits of plodding in- dustry, as suddenly and completely as if nothing had ever happened to disturb them. In our earlier days, we were a con- stant frequenter of Greenwich fair for years. We have proceeded to, and returned from it, in almost every description of vehicle. We cannot conscientiously deny the charge of having once made the passage in a spring van, accompanied by thirteen gentlemen, fourteen ladies, an unlimited number of children, and a barrel of beer; and we have a vague recollection of having in latter days found ourself the eighth outside on the top of a hackney-coach, at something past four o'clock in the morning, with a rather confused idea of our own name, or place of residence. We have grown older since then, and quiet and steady; liking nothing better than to spend our Easter, and all our other holidays in some quiet nook, with people of whom we shall never tire: but we think we remember enough of Greenwich fair, and those who resort to it, to make a sketch of at this seasonable period. The road to Greenwich during the whole of Easter Monday presents a scene of animated bustle, which cannot fail to amuse the most indifferent observer. Cabs, hackney-coaches, "shay" carts, coal-wag- gons, stages, omnibuses, sociables, gigs, donkey-chaises-all crammed with people (for the question never is, what the horse can draw, but what the vehicle will hold), roll along at their utmost speed--the dust flies in clouds--ginger-beer corks go off in vollies--the balcony of every public-house is crowded with people smoking and drink- ing--half the private houses are turned into tea-shops--fiddles are in request-- every little fruit-shop displays its stall of gilt gingerbread and penny toys--turnpike men are in despair--horses won't go on, and wheels will come off--ladies in "cara wans" scream with fright at every fresh concussion, and their admirers find it ne- cessary to sit remarkably close to them by way of encouragement--servants of all work, who are not allowed to have followers, and have got a holiday for the day, make the most of their time with the faithful ad- mirer who waits for a stolen interview at the corner of the street every night, when they go to fetch, the beer--apprentices grow sentimental, and straw-bonnet makers kind; everybody is anxious to get on, and actuated by the common wish to be at the fair or in the park as soon as possible. Pedestrians linger in groups at the road- side, unable to resist the allurements of the stout proprietress of the "Jack-in- the-box \--three shys a penny," or the more splendid offers of the man with three thimbles and a pea on a little round board, who astonishes the bewildered crowd with some such address as-- "Here's the sort o' game to make you laugh, seven years arter you're dead, and turn ev'y air on your ed grey vith delight. Three thimbles and vun little pea --vith a vun, two, three, and a two, three, vun; catch him who can, look on, keep your eyes open, and niver say die; niver mind the change, and ---- the expense; all fair and above board: them as don't play can't vin, and luck attend the ryal sportsman. Bet any gen'lm'n any sum of money, from an arf a crown up to a suverin, as he doesn't name the thimble as kivers the pea." Here some greenhorn whispers his friend that he distinctly saw the pea roll under the middle thimble--an impression which is immediately confirmed by a gentleman in top-boots, who is standing by, and who in a low tone regrets his own inability to bet, in consequence of his having unfortu- nately left his purse at home, but strongly urges the stranger not to neglect such a golden opportunity. The "plant" is suc- cessful; the bet is made; the stranger, of course, loses, and the gentleman with the thimbles consoles him, as he pockets the money, with an assurance that it's all "the fortin of war:" this time I vin: next time you vin: niver mind the loss of two bob and a bender; do it up in a small parcel, and break out in a fresh place. Here's the sort of game," &c.--and; the eloquent harangue with such variations as the speaker's exuberant fancy suggests, is again repeated to the gaping crowd, reinforced by the accession of several new-comers. The chief place of resort in the day- time, after the public-houses, is the park, in which the principal amusement is to drag young ladies up the steep hill which leads to the observatory, and then drag them down again at the top of their speed, greatly to the derangement of their curls and their bonnet- caps, and much to the edification of the lookers-on from below. "Kiss in the ring," and "Threading my Grandmother's Needle," too, are sports which receive their full share of patronage. Love-sick swains, under the influence of gin and water, and the tender passion, be- came violently affectionate; and the fair objects of their regard enhance the value of stolen kisses, by a vast deal of strug- gling, and holding down of heads, and cries of "Oh! Ha' done, then, George--Oh do tickle him for me, Mary--Well, I never!" and similar Lucretian ejaculations. Little old men and women, with a small basket under one arm, and a wine-glass without a foot in the other hand, tender "a drop o' the right sort" to the different groups; and young ladies, who are persuaded to indulge in a drop of the aforesaid right sort, display a pleasing degree of reluctance to taste it, and cough afterwards with great propriety. The old pensioners, who for the moderate charge of one penny exhibit the mast-house, the Thames, and shipping, the place where the men used to hang in chains, and other interesting sights through a telescope, are asked questions about objects within the range of the glass which it would puzzle a Solomon to answer; and request- ed to find out particular houses in particu- lar streets, which it would have been a task of some difficulty for Mr. Horner (not the young gentleman who eats mince-pies with his thumb, but the man of Colosseum no- toriety) to discover. Here and there, where some three or four couple are sitting on the grass together, you will see a sun- burnt woman, in a red cloak, "telling fortunes," and prophesying husbands which it requires no extraordinary observation to describe, for the originals are before her. Thereupon the lady concerned laughs, and blushes, and ultimately buries her face in an imitation-cambric handkerchief, and the gentleman described looks extremely fool- ish, and squeezes her hand, and fees the gipsey liberally; and the gipsey goes away perfectly satisfied herself, and leaving those behind her perfectly satisfied also, and the prophecy, like many other prophecies of greater importance, fulfils itself in time. But it grows dark: the crowd are gradually dispersed, and only a few stragglers are left behind. The light in the direction of the church shows that the fair is illumined, and the distant noise proves it to be filling fast. The spot which, half an hour before, was ringing with the shouts of boisterous mirth, is as calm and quiet as if nothing could ever disturb its serenity; the fine old trees, the majestic building at your feet, with the noble river beyond, glistening in the moonlight, appear before you in all their beauty, and under the most favoura- ble aspect; the voices of the asylum boys, singing their evening hymn, are borne faintly to your ear, and you feel something like pride, on reflecting, as you bend your steps towards the park-gate, that you be- long to a country which has selected such a spot as a retreat for its oldest and best defenders, in the decline of their lives. Five minutes walking brings you to the fair; a scene calculated to awaken very different feelings from those inspired by the place you have just left. The entrance is occupied on either side by the venders of gingerbread and toys: the stalls are gaily lighted up, the most attractive goods most profusely disposed, and unbonnetted young ladies, in their zeal for the interest of their employers, seize you by the coat and use all the blandishments of "Do dear"--"There's a love"--"Don't be cross, now," &c.;, to induce you to purchase half-a-pound of the real spice-nuts, of which the majority of the regular fair-goers carry a pound or two as a present supply, tied up in a cotton pocket-handkerchief. Occa- sionally, you pass a deal table, on which are exposed pen'worths of pickled salmon (fennel included), in little white saucers; oysters, with shells as large as cheese- plates, and divers specimens of a species of snail (wilks, we think, they are called) floating in a somewhat bilious-looking green liquid. Cigars, too, are in great demand; gentlemen must smoke, of course, and here they are, two a-penny, in a regular authentic cigar-box, with a lighted tallow candle in the centre. Imagine yourself in an ex- tremely dense crowd, which swings you to and fro, and in and out, and every way but the right one: add to this the screams of women, the shouts of boys, the clanging of gongs, the firing of pistols, the ringing of bells, the bellowing of speaking trumpets, the squeaking of penny dittos, the noise of a dozen bands, with three drums in each, all playing different tunes at the same time, the hallooing of showmen, and an occa- sional roar from the wild-beast shows, and you are in the very centre and heart of the fair. This immense booth, with the large stage in front, so brightly illuminated with variegated lamps, and pots of burning fat is "Richardson's," where you have a melo- drama (with three murders and a ghost), a pantomime, a comic song, an overture, and some incidental music, all done in five-and- twenty minutes. The company are now promenading outside in all the dignity of wigs, spangles, red-ochre, and whitening. See with what a ferocious air the gentle- man who personates the Mexican Chief paces up and down, and with what an eye of calm dignity the principal tragedian gazes on the crowd below, or converses confidentially with the harlequin. The four clowns, who are engaged in a mock broad-sword combat, may be all very well for the low-minded holiday makers; but there are people for the reflective portion of the community. They look so noble in those Roman dresses, with their yellow legs and arms, long black curly heads, bushy eyebrows, and scowl, expressive of assas- sination and vengeance, and every thing that's grand and solemn. Then, the ladies \--were there ever such innocent and awful- looking beings, as they walk up and down the platform in twos and threes, with their arms round each other's waists, or leaning for support on those majestic men! Their spangled muslin dresses, and blue satin shoes and sandals (a leetle the worse for wear), are the admiration of all beholders; and the playful manner in which they check the advances of the clown is perfectly enchanting. "Just a-going to begin! Come for'erd, come for'erd," exclaims the man in the countryman's dress, for the seventieth time, and people force their way up the steps in crowds. The band suddenly strikes up; the harlequin and columbine set the example; reels are formed in less than no time, the Roman heroes place their ams a-kimbo, and dance« with considerable agility; and the leading tragic actress, and the gentleman who enacts the "swell" in the pantomime, foot it to perfection. "All in to begin," shouts the manager, when no more persons can be induced to "come for'erd," and away rush the leading members of the company to do the dreadful in the first place. A change of perform- ance takes place every day during the fair, but the story of the tragedy is pretty much the same. There's a rightful heir, who loves a young lady, and is beloved by her; and a wrongful heir, who loves her too, and is'nt beloved by her; and the wrongful heir gets hold of the rightful heir, and throws him into a dungeon, just to kill him when convenient, for which purpose he hires a couple of assassins--a good one and a bad one--who, the moment they were left alone, get up a little murder on their own account; the good one killing the bad one, and the bad one wounding the good one. Then the rightful heir is discovered in prison, carefully holding a long chain in his hands, and seated despondingly in a large arm- chair; and the young lady comes in to two bars of soft music, and embraces the rightful heir; and then the wrongful heir comes in to two bars of quick music, and goes on in the most shocking man- ner, throwing the young lady about as if she was nobody, and calling the rightful heir "Ar-recreant-ar-wretch!" in a very loud voice, which answers the double pur- pose of displaying his passion, and pre- venting the sound being deadened by the saw-dust. The interest becomes intense; the wrongful heir draws his sword, and rushes on the rightful heir; a blue smoke is seen, a gong is heard, and a tall white figure (who has been all this time behind the arm-chair, covered with a table-cloth) slowly rises to the tune of "Oft in the stilly night." This is no other than the ghost of the rightful heir's father, who was killed by the wrongful heir's father; at sight of which, the wrongful heir becomes apoplec- tic, and is literally "struck all of a heap," the stage not being large enough to admit of his falling-down at full length. Then the good assassin staggers in, and says he was hired, in conjunction with the bad assassin, by the wrongful heir, to kill the rightful heir; and he's killed a good many people in his time, but he's very sorry for it, and won't do so any more;--a promise which he immediately redeems by dying off hand, without any nonsense about it. Then the rightful heir thows down his chain; and then two men, a sailor and young wo- man, (the tenantry of the rightful heir), come in; and the ghost makes dumb mo- tions to them, which they, by supernatural interference, understand--for no one else can; and the ghost (who can't do anything without blue fire) blesses the rightful heir and the young lady, by half-suffocating them with smoke, and then a muffin-bell rings, and the curtain drops. The exhibitions next in popularity to the itinerant theatres, are the travelling menageries or, to speak more intelligibly, the wild-beast shows, where a military band in beef-eater's costume, with leopard-skin caps, play incessantly; and where large highly- coloured representations of tigers tearing men's heads open, and a lion being burnt with red-hot irons to induce him to drop his victim, are hung up outside by way of attracting visitors. The principal officer at these places is generally a very tall hoarse man, in a scarlet coat, with a cane in his hand, with which, he occasion- ally raps the pictures we have just noticed, by way of illustrating the description something in this way. "Here, here, here; the lion, the lion (tap), exactly as he is represented on the canvass outside (three taps); no waiting, remember; no deception. The fe- ro- cious lion (tap, tap) who bit off the gentle- man's head last Cambervel vos a twelve- month, and has killed on an awerage three keepers a-year ever since he arrived at matoority. No extra charge on this account recollect: the price of admission is only sixpence." This address never fails to produce a con- siderable sensation, and sixpences flow into the treasury with wonderful rapidity. The dwarfs are also objects of great cu- riosity; and as a dwarf, a giantess, a living skeleton, a wild Indian, a "young lady of singular beauty, with perfectly white hair and pink eyes," and two or three other natural curiosities, are usually exhibited together for the small charge of a penny, they attract very numerous audiences. The grandest and most numerously fre- quented booth in the whole fair, however, is " The Crown and Anchor"--a tempo- rary ball-room--we forget how many hun- dred feet long, the price of admission to which is one shilling. Immediately on your right hand as you enter, after paying your money, is a refreshment place, at which cold beef, roast and boiled--French rolls--stout-- wine--tongue--ham even fowls, if we recollect right, are displayed in tempting array. There is a raised orchestra, and the place is boarded all the way down in patches, just wide enough for a country dance. There is no master of the cere- monies in this artificial Eden--all is pri- mitive, unreserved, and unstudied. The dust is blinding, the heat unsupportable, the company somewhat noisy, and in the highest spirits possible; the ladies, in the height of their innocent animation, dancing in the gentlemen's hats, and the gentlemen promenading "the gay and festive scene" in the ladies' bonnets, or with the more expensive ornaments of false noses; and low-crowned, tinder-box-looking hats, play- ing children's drums, and accompanied by ladies on the penny trumpet. The noise of these various instruments, the orchestra, the shouting, the "scratchers," and the dancing, is perfectly bewildering. The dancing itself beggars description --every figure lasts about an hour, and the ladies bounce about with a degree of spirit which is quite indescribable. As to the gentle- men, they stamp their feet against the ground, every time "hands four round" begins; go down the middle and up again with cigars in their mouths and silk hand- kerchiefs in their hands, and whirl their partners round, nothing loth, scrambling and falling, and embracing, and knocking up against the other couples until they are fairly tired out, or half undressed, and can move no longer. The same scene is re- peated again and again (slightly varied by an occasional "row") until a late hour at night; and a great many clerks and 'pren- tices find themselves next morning with aching heads, empty pockets, damaged hats, and a very imperfect recollection of how it was they didn't get home.--Sportsamn. 