THe PRANCHISE. We have steadily endeavoured to impress upon the squatters the pro priety of endeavouriang by every honest and straightforward means to oltain the full and fai recognition of their rights to an adequate voice in the choice of representatives. We would have them reject the disin genuous policy of the Legislative Council, in continuing the grievance inL order that they may have the grati fication of having something to com plain of. Their manner of prefer ring their claims should be dignified and free from finesse; rejecting all olfers of a dishonourable compromise, and standing upon the broad ground of the justice of their cause. These re marks have been called forth by the perusal of an article in the Melbourne Courier, (the greater part of which we reprint below,) pointing out the well known fact (which he puts forth as a discovery of his own) that the occupier of a house of the annual value of £20 (whether the occupier be a squatter or not) is entitled to a vote in the election of members of the Legislative and District Councils. We say " well-known fact," for we can inform tile worthy editor that the occupicrs of a number of public houses erectdd on crown lands in the Portland Bay District actually have their names on the electoral roll, de riving their qualification fromnsuch oc. cupation. The suggestion is valueless to any other description of squatters, for we may safely venture to affirm that there are riot half-a- dozen houses (other than public houses) on crown landis in the district of Port Phillip, of the annial value of £20, or £400 actual value of the building irrespective of the land on which it is built. It is quite'possible thatthe crooked ingenuity of a finder of mayor's nests might succeed in blinding the eyes of a revision couirt so as to get a few unqualified appli cants enfranchised; but such is not the consummation towards which the squatter's look, Indeed the success of such a shuffling piece of policy would be tile most unfortunate event Ihat could happen. The opponents of the squatters might turn round and say. " Oh you do not want your rights, you are enfranchised already ?" l'he Editor of the Courier maintains that every squatter may qualify himself by erecting a building of sufficient value. Not a doubt of it! Hle can buy a vote for £400 !! If he gets it for less he gets it dishonestly. T'here are some fifteen hundred squatters in the district, so that they-can procure the privilege of voting by the expen diture of the small sum of £600,000 (more than half a million !) The privilege of expending this amount is jocosely called a boon by the aldermanic Editor-a boon to which the squatters are indebted to himself alone. The half million is to beex pended not in improving the property of the squatter, but in adding a temptation-value to the lands of the queen, so that tile occupant would very likely soon be bought out,i and thus lose Ihis house, run, £400, and vote, altogether. We are afraid there is something wrong with the worthy Editor ofthe Courier, He has lost all hisancieat shrewdness, appears quite chapfallen, and is little better than the ghost of Iiis former self. Another instance of his strange want of penetralion was afforded in the preceding number of his journal. Hoe declared himself an advocate for a fixed lease, but did not care the toss of a brass farthing (or some such elegant phrase, about tile right of preemption. Perhaps Ihe fault is in our dulness, but we mlust confess that we cannot conceive how any lease can afiord a fixed teaure, the holder of which possesses no right of purchase at the conclusion of the term. Will our contemporary be kind enlough to en lighten us. The following is tile demonstra tive portion of the article above referred to : A BOON TO TOE SQUATTTRS. WE promised in our last number that we should to-day shew ourselves entitled to the favorable remembrance of our friends the squatters dn the approach. ing quarter-day, by sonme more essential service than could reasonably be ex pected during the next fifluy years from any of our contemporaries (not even ;ex cepting the Squatters' Advocate itself), and we now proceed to redeem our promise, perfectly satisfied that the award of the whole squatting fraternity will be in our favour. We have styled the service we pur pose rendering-" a boon," and it is a boon of no ordinary magnitude, for it embraces no less a project than rescuine the squatters of the colony-if the Le gislative Council will-and the squatters of Port Phillip, whether the Legislalure will or not-from the certainly unparal tliea position in which they are placed, as comprehending (in this province at least) the most importaint interest in the community, and yet being without a voice in the general legislarure. We purpose, in short, conferring on the squatters the elective Iranchise, and as this is a result for which themselves pe titioned, and for which our amiable and estimable representative, the Hev. Dr. Lang, has labored strenuously, but in vain, we do think that if we make good our point, we are entitled to all the creb d t we seek. It seems to have been taken for granted by every body, and in every pnrt of the colony, that under the provisions of the Constitutional Act, the squatters or occupiers of Crown Lands were ex eluded from any participation in the elective franchise, and, consequently, from any direct weight or influence in the Legislature. We have very carefvlly studied both the Constiiutionial and Electoial District Acts, on which this matter altogether depends, and we can find nothing in e.ther which can, even in the most remote degree, operate against the claim of any squatter in any Electoral District, occupying a dwelling-house of the annual value of twenty pounds to be placed on the Electoral List for such District, the sole qualification for the household suffrage, being, according to the 5th c luseot the Constitutional Act, and the 8th clause of the Electoral Districts Act, the occupation of a dwel liog-house within an Electoral District of the clear annual value of twenty pounds sterling money at the least. By the Constitutional Act, it is provided that for all purposes cnnnected with the election of members of the Legis lative Council, the boundary of the Electoral District of Port Phillip shall he "a straight line drawn Irom Cape Howe to the nearest source of the River Murray, and thence the course of that river to the eastern boundary ol the province of South Australia," we maintain therefore, and we dety con tradiction, that every householder within those bounds, whose premises are ol the annual value of twenty pounds who is of the lull age of twenty-one years, a natural born subject of the queen, or naturalised, or holding letters of denifalion according to law, and who isnot a convict attaint, and has been in the occuppncy of the premises for at least sit calendar months, and is not in arrear of rates, is fully etitlkd to have his name on the Electoral Roll, and to vote at all elections for the District, without any reference whatever to his house being upon Crown land. As the squatlers are not, generally speaking, particularly careful in pro. viding themselves with the comforts of a home, it is very probable that many of their domiciles will fall far short of the annual value which would entitle ilthem to the electoral franchise, but it will be seen from the following passages in the instructions to the ieturninug Officers of the Colony. drawII up by the Law Officers of the Crown, and pro. mulgated by his Excellency the Gover nor, prior to the first registration of electorS, that it does not requite a very splendid mansion to come up to the requisite value. The document referred to says: n Lu estimating the anaual value, of d welliog.houses, out-buildings required for the use of the family may be ins cluded, as well as the garden, if there be one; but farm buildings must nor be included, nor must the garden, I larger than what is required for th domestic purposes of the family occu* pying the house. A market garden of nursery ground must therefere be ex cluded equally with land used for agrt cultural or grating ptrposes." Those squatters whose edifices will not, even with these appliances and means to boot, amount to the requisi:o value may still, if they will, qualify themselves for the possession of the electoral franchise, by augmenting the value of their habitations any time br. fore the 1Oth of October next. We have now, we venture to think. redeemed our promise, and conferred upon. the squatters of.Port Phillip the boon of the elective franchise, for that surely 's conferring a boo,, which pgives to the body a right which they were not previously aware they were pose S.ssed of. We have only, in conclution, tr congratulate them on their altered position in the community, and to ex, press our confiftence that the privilege they hive attained, will be so used as to assure us against ever hiving to regret that we were insitrumental in pro. curing It. 