MISS MAKTINEATJ AND MESMERISM. [I'Yom The Glode.1 A weekly contemporary contains a long uiinmnnictuioi! from JJiss Miminenu, detail- ing llie particulars of a wonderful cure which, »lic says, lias been effected bv mesmerism aflcr a serious illness of (ire years and a half. Of the character of the disease under wliicli .lie suffered she thus speaks:— ?? J Ins is not lie place in wliicli lo giic anv details ol liscase. It will be sufficient loexplain liiiclly, n order to render my storv intelligible, thai :!ie internal disease under which 1 suffered i|-pcars to have been coming on for ninny years; thai aflcr warnings nf failing licalili, illicit I carelessly overlooked, 1 broke down nliile travelling abroad, in June, 1839; that I sanli lower and lower fur three years after lit v return, and remained nearly slalionary fur two more hiv.'ccdiug last June J^uring Lhcse five years 1 never Ml wholly at ease ftn i-ue single liuur. 1 seldom had severe pain, liui never entire contort. A besetting sick ness, almost disabling me from taking food fur two years, bruuslit me very low, and, together with oilier evils, it confined me to a c:. million of almost entire slillness— lo a life outsell between my bed and my sofa. Il uas not till after many attempts at gentle exeicise ilia! my friends agreed nidi me thai llie cost was loo great for any advantage Sained ; and al lenglh il was dear that even Ruing dmvn one flight of stairs nas impru dent. From thai lime I lay still, and by means of this undisturbed quiel, and such an increase of npiutcs as kept down my most urgcnl disunninnis, I passed llie last iwoyears with less mile: in« limn the three preceding. Tiiere was, however, no favourable change in ibe disease. Everyiuing was done for roc that llie best medical skill and science could suggest, and llie must indefatigable humanity and family affk'iiuii devise, but nothing could avail beyond mere alleviation. My de pendence on opiates was desperate. ' My kind and vigilant medical friend —the most sanguine man I know, nnd the mast bent upon Keeping ins patient nopeiui — avowed lo me last Christmas, and mice afterwards, thai he found himself compelled to give up till lmpe of affecting the disease — of doing wore than keeping me up, in collateral re spctis, lo the highest practicable point. This was no surprise to me, for when any sjitcific medicine is taken for above nvo years, wiih out aMcciing the disease, there is no more ground for hope in reason limn in feeling. In June last I suffered more than usual, and ntiv measures of alleviation were resorted lo. As to all the essential points of the disease I was never lower than immediately before I made trial of mesmerism.' Mies Martineau then gives the following narrative : — ' On Saturday, June 22, Mr. Spencer Hall and my medical friend came, as ananged, at my worsi hour of the day, between die expira tion of one opiate and the taking of another. By an accident, tbe gentlemen were rather in a Lurry — a circumstance unfavourable to a first experiment. But result enough was obtained to encourage a further trial, though it was of a nature entirely unanticipated by me. I had no idea but that I should either drop asleep or feel nothing. I did not drop asleep, and I did feel something very strange. Various passes were tried by Mr. Hall ; the first that appearedeffcclual, and the most so for some lime after, were passes over the head, niitcic from behind, passes from the forehead to the hark of the head, and n little way down the epinc. A very short time after these were tried, and 20 minutes from the beginning of the seance, I became sensi ble of an extraordinary appearance, most unexpected, and wholly unlike anything I had ever conceived of. Something sccincd lo diffuse itself through the atmosphere— not like smoke, nor sicam, nor haze— but most like a clear tniliglit, closing iu from the win dows and down flora the ceiling, and in which one object after another melted away till scarcely anything was left visible before my wide-open eyes. First the outline of all objects were blurred ; then a bust, standing on a pedestal in a strong light, melted quite away ; then the opposite husi ; then the table with ils gny cover; then the floor and the ceiling, till one small picture, high up on tlie opposite wall, onlv remained visible, like a patch of phosphoric He,ht. I feared to move mv eves, lest the singular appearance should vanish; and I cried out, !0! deepen it! deepen it!1 supposing this the precursor of the sleep. Il could not he deepened, how ever: and nlicn I glanced aside from the luminous point, 1 found that I need tint fear the return or objects to their ordinary ap pearance while the passes were continued. The busts reappeared, ghost-like, in ihc dim atmosphere, like Tninl 'shadows, except that their outlines, mid llie pails in the highest relief, burned with the same phosphoric light. The Teaturcs or one. an Isis with bent head, seemed to he illumined by a fire on the floor, lhciii,';h this bust has ils back lo the windows. Wherever I glanced all outlines were dressed in this beautiful light : nnd so they have been, at every seance, u'illioul cxccjilion, to this dny; lliongli thenppearance has rather given nay to drowsiness since I left off opiates en ? lirclv- Tliis appearance continued during the remninius SO minutes before the gentle men were obliged to leave me. The other effects produced were, first, heat, oppression, and sickness, nnd, for a few hours aflcr, dis ordered stomach ; followed, in the course or llie evening, by a feeling of tightness and relief in u hich J thought I could hardly be mistaken ' The second application of mesmerism was made by Miss Marliiic.ius maid. 'Sir. Hall,' says Miss Marlincau, ' was prevented by illness from coming over, loo late lo lei me know. Unwilling to lake my opiate while in expectation of his arrival, and loo wrelched lo do without some resource, 1 rang for my maid, tmi asked wlicthcr she had any objection to aiicniut nliat she saw Mr. Hall do the day before. With the greatest alacrity she complied. Within one minute the twilight and phosphoric light appeared ; and in two or three more a delicious sensation of ease spread through me — a cool comforl, before wliicli all pain nnd distress gave way, oozing out, as il were, at the soles of mv fed. During thai hour, and almost the whole evening, 1 could no more help exclaiming nith pleasure than a person in torture crying out with pain, t became hungry, ant! ale with relish, for llie firsl lime for five years. There ivas no heat, oppression, or sickness during the seance, nor any disorder after wards. During the whole evening, instead of the lazy hot case of opiates, under ivliicli pain is fell lo lie in wait, I experienced some thing of the indescribable sensation of health, rhich I had quiic lost and forgotten. I walked about my rooms, and was gay and lalkalivc. Something (if this relief remained till the next morning; and then there was no reaction. I mis no worse than usual ; and perhaps ralher belter. ' Nothing is to me more unquestionable and more striking about this influence than the absence of all reaction. Its highest ex hilaration is followed, not by depiession or exhaustion, but bv a further renovation. From the first hour lo the present, I have never fallen back a single step. Every point gained lias been steadily held. Improved composure of nen'c and spirits has followed upon every mesmeric exhilaration. I have been spared all the weakness of convalescence, and carried through all the usually formi dable enterprises of return from deep disease to health, with a steadiness and tranquillity astonishing lo all imncsses. At this lime, before venturing lo speak of my health as established, 1 believe myself more firm in nerve more calm and steady in mind and spirits, than at any lime of my life before. So much, in cousidcmiion of the natural common fear of the mesmeric influence as a pernicious cxciicmem — as a kind of intoxi cation.' M iss Marlincnu mentions several incidents. ' A wither sliilting incident occurred iu one of ihc earliest ol in-- walks. My mesmerist and I had reached .i headland nearly half a mile from home, anil were resting there, when she proposed l« mesmerise mealiulu— partly lo refresh me fur our return, and partly Iu see whether any effect would he produced in a nciv place und while a fresh breeze was blowing. She merely laid her hand on my forehead, and in a minute or two tlie usual appearances came, assuming a strange air of novelty from ihe scene in which I was After the blurring of the outlines, which made all objects more dim than the dull gray day had already made them, the phosphoric lights appeared, glorifying every rock and headland, the horizon, and all the vessels iu sight. One nf llie dirtiest and meanest of the sleam-iugs in the port was passing at the time, and it was all dressed iu heavenly radi ance— the lasl object that any imagination would select as an clenientof a vision. Then, and often before end since, did it occur to me lliat if 1 had been a pioas and very ignorant Catholic, I could not have escaped the per suasion that 1 had seen heavenly visions. Every glorified object before my open eyes would have been a revelation, and my mesme . . i i i .. i._i_ ? 1 1 ? i ? i ? i rist, wiiu me wliile Jiaio rouiin uei uuuu, uuu the illuminated profile, uould have been a saint or an augel.' 