?'iimw&rms.; THE STORY OF AEEATHER. #y tonality Street's. (A Story from Posen.") CHAPTER XXXIV. ; (ContlnucJfi'om our lost.) THE TRIAL OF CLICK ABRAM AND PATTY BUTLER. As the highwayman (glanced round the court, it was plain he felt the greatness of his reputation. He was to be tried before a most crowded and most fashionable assembly. His courtesies of Finchley and Hounslow had not been lost upon a reflecting world, that thronged to see a thief a he robbed a lady of her watch, as though it had been her heart; who would pick a pocket with the like mingled grace and serenity with which a statesman would propose a money-bill. Clickly Abram had elevated his profession ; he had made robbery like war, at the worst, as people say, but a necessary evil. Hence, high and beautiful women had migrated from the west-end to the Old Bailey, and with scrutinising, sympathising eyes, saw the lion in the enge-the hero in the dock. Clickly Abram, with a smile of killing sweetness, laid his hand upon his breast, and bowed. He was dressed in the fullness of the mode. His linen-the gift of the widow-was of the finest web; and a diamond ring flashed on the little finger of the highwayman's white right hand, which, with graceful negligence, he rested on the bar of the dock. A jeweller had visited Newgate to fit Mr. Abram with that ring; and thirty guineas, the late money of the late Mr. Cramp, had paid for it. If I thought at the time-table perversity of an English jury should send the highwayman to that far country where the card- maker abided, what misery might the widow's lover wreak upon the husband ghost 1 But no ; it was impossible. Hang such a man, with such a smile upon his face, such ruffles at his wrists, such a coat upon his back! No law could be so arrogant. Clickly Abram was not a thief. No ; he stood in the dock a graceful light hearted gentleman, summoned for some good he had performed to receive a sentence of thanks from a grateful generation. Party stood beside the highwayman. She was pale, and, after a brief time, tranquil as a statue. When she entered the dock, a momentary blush, deep as blood, covered her face and arms; and she stood, struggling against the beating of her heart. The highwayman played his gallantry for he bowed, and smiled very powerfully upon his fellow-prisoner: he could not have been more polite to the widow at Ranelagh. The courtesy was, however, cast away upon Party. Though she thought not to vindicate her own guiltlessness by scorn of her companion, she stood in soul apart from him. She felt alone in that dock alone with innocence. I looked around the court, and, to my surprise, saw many of my old acquaintances. Seated close to the bench, with her eyes upon the highwayman, was Lady Dinah Willowly. She, of course, came to give a day's recreation to her breaking heart : vue was there to solace her sorrow with a highwayman in jeopardy of Tyburn, as she would have regaled her poodle, the pupil of Mr. Spanncu. on the breast of a chicken. A trial for life or death was a tit-bit for what she thought her constitutional melancholy. Not far from Lady Dinah sat the owners of Mantrap Park, the Miss Peachicks. They looked about the court, and then in each other's face, and then at the highwayman and Patty, and then threw up their hands and eyes, and shifted in their seats, in a state of wondering agitation. In near neighbourhood to them were the Flamingoes. I could see the feather merchant look very judicial, as he scanned Patty, and then whispered something to his helpmate, who nodded in apparent affirmation. Flamingo was not a juryman ; but he had already passed a verdict of guilty against the feather dresser. Mrs. Goptooth, with a gladsome wickedness in her looks, was amongst the crowd, and Mrs. Traply, and honest Luke Knuckle. Poor fellow ! he sat staring at Patty, and vigorously gnawing his thumb-nail, unconscious of the feast. There, too, was the widow Cramp, with the faithful Becky at her side. Poor widow ! Tears had touched her beauty ; her face looked scalded with weeping and there, seeing nothing before her, but one form, one Face, she sat working her pocket handkerchief into a ball, in her burning hand. Abram saw her, and with a blithe look kissed his fingers towards her. The tenderness was too much for the poor creature ; she broke into hysterical sobbing, whilst the homely Becky, with one tear trickling down her nose, took her mistress like a child to her bosom, and a man of office, with fierce eye cast towards the mourner, bellowed out-" Silence in the court." Lintley, his wife, and Inglewood were together. Once only did Inglewood exchange a glance with Patty. He then seemed to avoid her seemed as though he had retired into his soul, and was there praying for her deliverance. The apothecary bowed to Patty, who meekly smiled; and little Mrs. Lintley herself allowed the recognition, never even hinting that " there must be something in it." Mr. Calwell was among the crowd, fidgety and restless. Now he looked at Patty- now he blew his nose and now he appealed for tranquillity to his snuff-box that box-crested with a dolphin with tail in its mouth, Latin, and everything proper-which the valet had proclaimed in the round-house, on the night he had assaulted with his attentions the young feather dresser in the Strand. Sure I am that that box smote Curl well's conscience at the Old Bailey and then he made himself comfortable with the thought, that if the girl would go to Tyburn instead of to church, the evil lay at the door of her wicked wilfulness. The trial began. The indictment charged Abram with stealing a watch and certain moneys on the highway, and Patty with aiding, abetting, and comforting the evil-doer. The first witness called was one Andrew Bishop. He was a rough, dull-looking man, and stared doggedly about the court, as though the business therein transacted was wearying and contemptible. His examination, which reduce to the main points, began. He had been supercargo to the Mermaid ¡ she had sailed without him, and he had lost his berth, and all along of the damned watch and the trial. ( Here the witness was rebuked by the Bench for bad language ; whereupon, the witness scratched his head. It was a gold watch, with a ship in the plate, pitching in a green sea, with the words Such is life. He had met the prisoner at the bar at a tavern, the Dog and Duck ; thought him a jovial gentleman ; he sang a good song, Witness left the tavern, and the prisoner went with him went through a many places.- At last, up somewhere by the Long Fields, when there was nobody by the prisoner clapt a pistol to Witness's skull, and said he must have all be had. And to he prisoner took it; and that was all witness knew but that he'd swear to Mr. Clickly himself cross-examined the witness, and with an elegant subtlety of manner that would have honoured even the cost. In vain: the witness was too obstinate to be puzzled. He would not stir from two facts. The one, that Abram had put a pistol to his head the other, that Abram had taken both his purse and his watch. Mr. Abram himself smiled pityingly upon the witness, and then smiled upon the jury ; but it aided him not-Andrew Bishop, supercargo, was fixed in the two facts. Shadrach Jacobs was the next witness, and proved that he had sold the watch to Bishop, (a circumstance substantiated by the subsequent testimony of his daughter Miriam ) He proved that he was present at the Dog and Duck with Bishop that there was a man drinking and singing with the supercargo, very like the gentleman at the bar : certainly, very like him but not the gentleman. There was a girl with the man and that girl Shadrach Jacobs would swear it was the girl in the dock. Hire an ejaculation of disgust was heard from one of the audience, and the ameer, looking in the direction of Luke Knuckle, exclaimed, " Silence in the court I" Curlwell, looking at Party, seemed anxious and irresolute and Mrs. Gap tooth leered sod smiled. And then came the evidence of Hard mouth and two of the watchmen. They had tracked the prisoner to his lodgings in Bloomsbury, whence he had escaped, They, however, found there the pocket-book (the money gone and the watch of the prosecutor. The watch was found in the bed of the female prisoner, after Abram had escaped from the room. . Mrs. Crumpet, who declared that she believed Mr. Abram to be a perfect gentleman, deposed that he had lodged in her house Never knew anything irregular in him. Would have trus^bWwiwBntóJiigold. The young woman at the has been a long Uses sick ; and, when the, robbery was done, wayside, _ Comes not, certainly, captain Saw His watch was found, with Patty pUgfTTTn-jj i - - x near i II 11 ? M II III mi mi. Three more witnesses for Mr. Abrara-courageously swore that, on the night of the robbery, tile maligned prisoner was at Gloucester. 1 could perceive that the widow, albeit she looked wonderingly at these witnesses, looked not with dis- pleasure. Mr. Lintley bore testimony to the north, this goodness of Patty and Mr. flamingo, who had been hunted out and compelled to attend by the apothecary, deposed that he thought the female prisoner a very honest woman and then, on cross examination, allowed, with great alacrity, that she had been once in the round-house; that there had been a charge against her something about a snuff- box. " But that man knows it was all a lie," cried Luke Knuckle from the gallery, pointing to Curl well. " Remove that man I" said the judge to the officer of the court; but Luke did not wait to trouble that functionary. Mr. Lintley, however, immediately communicated with the counsel and when Flamingo's examination was over, Julius Chilwell was called and sworn. It was very true, he OH ned, he had made a false charge-he had found his box in fact, he had himself addressed, not assaulted, as the counsel said, the girl in the street. It was true he had offered to marry her since-yes, he would not deny it he loved her very much. Had never said he could save her if he would. Know Shadwell Jacobs but knew no harm of him would swear that if he was almost sure he would-that he had never met the Jew about the trial. Knew a woman Gaptooth (here that excellent matron elbowed her way out of court ; thought her character tolerably good; she had been two or three times indicted; would not swear that he had not sent messages by her to the prisoner at the bar ; they were not dishonourable messages that is, they were only messages that gentlemen sometimes sent to young women. Here Curlwell's examination terminated: that is, he was taken off the rack. He had a quick-witted counsel and his own conscience against him. Hence the valet turned pale and red, and. shuffled, and stammered, and grinned vacantly, and whined and so laid bare before the court the miserable nature of Julius Cardwell. There never was a more pitiable picture of a weak dissolute creature. When released from the torture of self-delineation, the valet, with the sweat running from his brow, ran from the court. His evidence had done much for the cause of Patty. Linsley I saw it-thought so for he smiled and grasped Inglewood hand, and Mrs. Lintley herself nodded cheeringly to " the female prisoner at the bar." And now was Abram called upon for his defence. Leaning forward, he made a sort of sweeping bow to the whole court; and then, with condescending air, began. " My lord and gentlemen of the jury, said the highwayman, whilst I regret that the inconvenience of being in this place should have fallen to your humble servant, I cannot but feel that there are circumstances which, at the first blush, demanded, for the satisfaction of justice, that I should be so placed. A robbery has been committed, gentlemen, there can be no doubt of that the prosecutor, a most intelligent, and I am sure, very honourable man, was despoiled of his money and his wrath. He has sworn that I am the robber and I believe, gentlemen, that he believes he has sworn truly. But, is the fact supported by corroborative testimony ? Mr. Jacobs, a merchant of high standing, distinctly states that I was not present at the Dog and Duck ; but that a man, unfortunately like mc, was I must say," and the speaker smiled, " unfortunately for me, in this case. Three other respectable men swear on that very night I was at Gloucester. Gentlemen of the jury, 1 WAS It is true, the watch was found at my lodgings: but Mrs. Crumpet lets her every room. It has been said, I was lying concealed there. Gentlemen, it is true; and why? I was a little in debt I own it with a blush a little in debt. Gentlemen, I leave my case to your own intelligence. You will not find me guilty of felony, because I happen to resemble some unfortunate man ; you will not hang me for a likeness;" and Mr. Abram tried to be jocular; " you will not find me guilty for having the same eyes, and nose, and mouth, as a highwayman, for such indeed is proved my only offence ; no, gentlemen, you value your own peace of mind you value your own night's rest, your wives and your families and above all, you value truth ; In which case, gentlemen of the jury, without one anxious thought, do I leave my fate in your hands. I know what your verdict must be, and in the tranquillity of Innocence await it." There was a butt a murmur of applause, at the eloquence. The widow Cramp looked smilingly about. Patty was then called upon Her defence was, simply " Not guilty." The judge briefly summed up and as I thought, bore hard upon Click Abram; that person, however, seemed to think otherwise; for whilst the jury was retired, he lounged against the side of the dock, and employed himself by trimming the skin around his filbert nails. The jury returned into court. The verdict was given. "Cllckly Abram, guilty; Martha Butler, not guilty." A loud shriek rang from the gallery; and then poor Mrs. Cramp, screaming " Murder, murder I" fell in the arms of her faithful handmaid, The highwayman paused, as he was about to turn from the dock, and a momentary look of anguish possessed him, as he gazed upward at the suffering widow. Mr. and Mrs. Lintley, Inglewood, and lastly the two Miss Pcachicks, forced their way to the dock, to grasp the hands of Patty. (To be continued.) 