THE GERMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. [From the Silesian Gazette.] B3reslau, Feb. 10. The following is the confession of faith adopted by the followers of John Ronge: " 1. We throw oef the allegiance to the Bishop of Rome and his whole establishment. " 2. We maintain full liberty of conscience, and contemn every compulsion, falsehood, and hypocrisy. 3\. The basis and the contents of the Christian belief are the Bible. " 4. The free investigation and Interpretation is not to be restrained by external authority. " 5. As the essential contents of our faith, we lay down the following symbols: I believe in God the Father, who has created the world by his omnipotent word, and who governs it In wisdom, justice, and love. I believe in Jesus Christ our Saviour, who, by his doctrine, his life, and death, has saved us from bondage and sin. I believe in the working of the Holy Ghost on earth, a holy universal Christian Church, forgiveness of sin, and life ever lasting. Amen.' "II. We recognise only two sacraments as In stituted by Christ, baptism and the Lord's supper. " 7. We uphold Intant baptism, and receive, by solemn act of confirmation, as self- acting members of the congregation, those persons who are suffm ciently instructed in the doctrine of faith. " 8. The Lord's Supper will be distributed to the congregation, as Instituted by Christ, in both forms. Auricular confession is rejected. "91. We recognise marriage as an Institution ordained by God, and therefore to be kept holy by man. We maintain for it the sanction of the Church; and consider, with regard to the condi tions and restrictions applying to It, the laws of the State alone as binding. " 10. We believe and confess that Christ is the only mediator between God and man; we reject, therefore, the Invocation of saints, tlse.adoration of relics and images, the remission of sins by the priest, and all pilgrimages. " 11. We believe that the so-called good works have only value in so far as they are the emanation of Christian sentiments; we reject, therefore, all commands of fasting. 1' 12. We believe and confess that it is the first duty of the Christian to manifest his faith by works of Christian love." The commotion which this new doctrine has produced in Germany and Poland is on the increase. Ronge has already been burned in effigy, with as many copies of his manifestoes as could be collected, by fanati cal peasants in the vicinity of Coblentz. Patriot. 