MISREPRESENTATIONS. IN the remarks which we felt it to be our duty to make last week, relative to the er-. roneous views of Catholic doctrine put forth by some of our South Australian. contem poraries, we promised that we would, as early as our convenience permitted us, com nience the republication, in the columns of. the Chroniclec, of the Rev. Mr. Gother's work-" A Papist Misrepresented and Re presented "-and,in our present publication, we proceed to fulfil our promise by publish L ing the author's introduction to the work. . We shall continue the work, until we have published the whole of it, in our succeeding numbers-not, perhaps, consecutively, but as opportunity and cbnvenience' render it desirable to do so. Mr. Gother, the author of this work, was r a convert from the ranks of Protestanlism, 1 and, perhaps, no man was better able to publish such a work as he has done than himself. He had for many years made the 1 subject of religious controversy his chief study; and, after he had the happiness of being received into the Catholic Church, he adorned and illustrated the faith he had em braced-not only by the purity of his life, but by the many excellent works, both spiri tual and controversial, which he published. All his works still rank high amongst the Catholic community, and have always been productive of much benefit amongst those of other denominations. The work we propose to republish was first published in the year 1685: it has gone through numberless editions, and has met with the universal approbation of the Catholic clergy and laity of Great Britain and Ireland. We do not, therefore, put this work before the public as the mere opinion of the Rev. Mr. Gother, or of any other individual, but as a clear, simple, and concise exposition of the faith of the Ca tholic Church, which has been taught, re ceived, believed, and practised, by the mem bers of.' that Church in all, ages and in all nations. The representations which the author gives of the ideas entertained by Protestants, relative to.the doctrines of the Catholic Church, may, perhaps, be con sidered as overcharged by some of the more moderate Protestants of the present day; "but," as the editor of the edition now before us justly observes, " a mere reference to the age in which lie lived-when the glaring perjuries of Oates and Bedloe ob tained full credence with the English nation -will satisfy any person of the accuracy of the delineation. Indeed it would be no very difficult tasky to cull, out of modern anti-popery writings and speeches, senti ments not a whit less extravagant than are to be found in the following sheets." With these remarks- and again advising our Catholic readers to preserve such num bers of the Chronicle as may contain the passages we shall publish-we give below the author's INaooDUCTIOX. The father of lies is the author of misrepresenta tion. He first made the experiment of this black art in Paradise; -having no surer way of bringing .God's precepts into contempt, and making our first parents transgress, than by misrepresenting the command which their Maker had laid upon them. And so unhappily successful was lie in this his first attempt, that this has been his chief stratagem ever since, for maintaining himself in his usurpation, and propagating error and vice amongst men, by discrediting virtue ; and therefore there has nothing of good yet come into the world, niothing been sent from heaven, but what has met with this opposition ; the common enemy having employed all his en deavours to bring it into discredit, and render it infamous by misrepresenting it. Of these there are frequent instances in Scripture, and more in Church history. The truth of this was experienced in the person of Christ himself, who, thoughh lie was the Son of God, the imma culate Lamb, yet was he not out of the reach of calumny, nor exempt from being misrepre sented. See in the Gospel how lie was painted by malicious men, the ministers of Satan, as a profane and wicked man, a breaker of the Sabbath, a glutton, a friend of publicans and sinners, a conjuror, a traitor, a seducer, a raiser of seditions, a Samari tan, and full of the devil: " He Iath Beelzebub," said they, " and by the prince of the devils he casteth out devils;" there being no other way of frightening the people from embracing the truth, and following the son of God, but by thus disfigur ing him to the multitude, reporting light to be darkness, and God to be the devil. The disciples of Christ everywhere met with the like treatment. The people were stirred up against St. Stephen by mis representation ; because " they heard he had spoken blasphemous words against Moses and against God,"' and against Paul, because they were told he taught" all men everywhere against the people, and polluted the 'holy place." They charged him also with being " a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition amongst all the 'Jews throughout 'the world." Neither did these calumnies, these wicked misrepresentations, stop here; he that said" tihe disciple is not above his master, and if they have called the master of the house Beelzebtib, how much more shall they callmthem of his household P" did not only foretell what was 'to hlppen to his followers 'then present, but also to the faithfuil that were to succeed them, and to his Church in future ages, , they being all to expect the like treatment; so that though they should be never so just to God and their neighbour, upright in their ways, and live in 'the fear of God, and the observance of his laws, yet must they certainly be reviled and hated by the 'world, made a bye-word to the people, have the re .pute of seducers, and ie a scandal to all nations. And has not this been verified in all ages P See what was the state of Christians in the primitive times, when as yet vice had not corrupted the morals of-the generality of the faithful. It is almost im possible to believe in what contempt they were, and how utterly abominated. Tertullian, who was an eyewitness, gives us so lamentable an account of tihe Christians inlhis time, thatwern it possible, it would have compassion in stones. He ;tells us, so many malicious slanders were dispersed abroad concerning tihe manner of their worship, and their whole reli glon described, not only to be mere folly and fop pery, but also to be grounded on most hellish prin ciples, and to be so fill of impieties, that the heathens believed a man could not profess Christianity with out being tainted with all sorts of crimes; with out being an enemy to the gods, to princes, to tire laws, to good manners, and to nature itself. So 'that Christianity was wholly infamous amongst the heathens, condemned and detested by all; and most bloody persecutions raised against the pro fessors of it, whilst they were gulty of no other crime butadhering to the truth. And it was these calumnies, these false accusations, Invented to cry down the Christian religion that obliged Tertullian to write his Apology, whereln he declared to the world,that Christianity was nothing like that which the heathens imagined it to be; tlhat idolatry, su perstltion, implety, cruelty, treachery, conspiracy, &c.; were none of their doctrine, but condemned and detested by them; that those crimes were only the malicious inventions of the heathenish priests, who, finding themselves unable to withstand the force of Christianity, had no other way to preserve them selves :fIn' repute, and keep tihe people In their- afer, than by an ugly, odious, and most horrid vhiora' damnable scheme of. religion; and then holuing this forth to the world, and crying out, " This is the religion of Christians ; these are their principles; behold their ignorance, their stupidity, their pro faneness; behold their insolence, their villanies, a . people unsufferable in a commonwealth, enemies to their country and their prince." Thus representing as monstrous as they pleased, they brought an odium upon as many as owned that name, and condemned them for follies and crimes, that were nowhere but in their own imagination. And now, when, by the propogation of Christianity, and the laborious en deavours of its professors, heathenism was pretty well extinct, yet was not the mouth of malice stopped, thle calumnies which had been invented by the infi dels being taken up by evil Christians. No one going out from the communion of the Church of Christ, but what did, by reviving of old scandals, and the addition of fresh ones, endeavour to make her infamous, and blacken her with such crimes as could be thought most convenient for rendering her odious to all; it being looked upon by as many as went out of her the best means to justify their sepa ration,and to gain to themselves the credit of orthodox Christians, to paint her in all the antichristian co lours, and represent her as hellish as wickedness could make her. It is strange how much she suffered in this point froin the Manichees and from tihe Danatists; how much pains it cost St. Augustin to prove their accusatidns to be mere calumnies, principally intended to raise prejudices in the minds of people against her; so that being con vinced, by these hellish artifices, of teaching un sound.and profane doctrine, wicked principles, and human inventions, instead of divine faith, they might never think of going to her to learn the truth, nor even so much as to suspect hler to be the Church of Christ. This, St. Augustin complains, was the chief cause of his continuing in the error i of the Manichees so long.; .that he impunged with so much violence this Church; and, therefore, after lee was come to the knowledge of the truth, he dis covered this to the world for the undeceiving of others who were caught in the same snare, making it a part of his confessions. " Wheon I came to discover the .truth," says he, "I mingled joys and blushes, and was ashamed that I had now for so many years been barking and railing, not against the Catholic faith, but only against the fictions of my carnal conceits. For so temerarious and impious was I, that those things which I ought first to have learned from them by inquiry, I charged upon them by accusa tion--readier to impose falsehood than be informed of the truth. And thus I so blindly accused the Catholic Church, now sufficiently cleared to me that she taught not the opinions I so vehemently perse cuted." This he did, deluded and deceived by the Manichees. Now since it is certain that this has not been the case of St. Augustin alone, but of as many almost as have given ear to the deserters of this Church—nay, is at this day the case of infinite numbers, who, following that great father when as yet in his errors, do not inquire bow this thing is believed, or understood by her, but most insultingly oppose all, as if so' understood, as they imagine.; not making any difference between that which the Catholic Church teaches, and what they think she teaches; and, so believing her to be guilty of as many absurdities, follies, impieties,.&c.; as the heathens did of old :-it is evident there is as much need now of apologies as ever there was in Tertullian's or St. Augustin's time: not apologies to vindicate what really is her faith and doctrine, but rather to clear her from such superstitious pro faneness, and wicked principles, as are maliciously or ignorantly charged upon her. Thoulgh the number of calumnies, the insincerity of adversaries, the obstinacy of a biassed education, render a per formance of this kind a just task for a Tertullian's or St. Augustin's hand; yet because I find' no such eminent pen engaged in this design at present, and the showing the true religion in its own colours seems a duty incumbent on every one that is a lover of truth, I will endeavour to pull off the vizor from suffering Christianity, and apologise for the Catho lic faith; that faith, I mean, maintained by the primitive fathers with so much vigour and zeal, which being planted in tihe head city of the world by St Peter, hath been propagated throughout the universe, and derived down to us by many Christian nations in communion with that See under the pro tection of the Holy Ghost, and the charge of a chief pastor, which beginning in that great apostle, has continued in a visible succession to these our days. This faith it is for which at present I design to make an apology, which having been in all ages violently opposed, does at this time most wrongfully suffer under calumnies and false imputations. I will endeavour therefore to separate these calumnies and scandals from what is really the faith and doc trine of that Church; I will take off the black and dirt which have been thrown upon her ; and, setting her forth in her genuine complexion, let the world see how much fairer she is than she is painted, and how much she is unlike tlhat monster which is showed for her. And because the members of this Church are commonly known by thie name of Ca .thelics, I tisnk I cannot take a'more sincere, open, and compendious way, in order to the com pleting this design, than by drawing forth a double character of a Catholic; the one expressing a Catholic in those very colours as he is painted in the imaginations of the vulgar, most foul, black, and antichristmn, with tlhe chief articles of his imagined belief, and imputed principles of his pro fession;- -the other representing a Catholic whose faith and exercise of his religion is according to the direction and command of his Church;-that so these two being set together, there 'diference and disproportion may be clearly discerned, and a dis covery made how unlike calumny is from truth, and how different a Catholic is from what he is said to be. The former character is of a Catholic mis represented; the other is of a Catholic represented. The former is of a Catholic so deformed and mon strous, that he justly deserves. the hatred of as many as own Christianity; the other Catholic is' one that lives and believes according to what is pro scribed in the.Council of Trent, in the catechism set forth by Catholics, and other spiritual books for tfle direction and instruction of all in their com munion, whose faith and doctrine I have here set down, with some grounds and reasons of it, and so will leave it to apologise for itself. In drawing out the character of the former, I have quoted no au thors, but have described him exactly according to the apprehenslon I had of a Catholic framed by me when I wais a Protestant, with the addition only of some few points, which hlave been violently charged against me by some intimate friends of late, .to show the unreasonableness of my choice, after the' quitting of that communion. Tihe latter Isvholly copied out from the Catholic that I am now; being the sum of what I was taught, when reconcledl to the Church of some, and which, after sixteen years conversation withll men of that commuulon, in hear ilg their sermons, in being present at their cante- chising, in reading their books, and discoursing with them, I have found to be their doctrine. I have done both, I hope with sincerity and truth, and without passion, For as my endeavours have been that my religion should lose nothing by lies, to neither do I desire that it should gain anything by them; and did I but know of anything in the following pages that has any relation to the anti. christian artifice, I would strike it out immediately: and do here oblige myself, upon information, either from friend or adversary, to acknowledge the mis- take, as it shall be made appear, and make a publics recantation.-But it is time we should see what these Catholics are. (7b be continued.) 