A CA'THOLIC M[SRtEPIIES~.T NTED AND ItEPRESENTED. . IY TIfl rSEV. JOHN GOTiI?P.. First published in 1085. Ope THE EUcHARIST. "' ile C;s|iuolic. mnrrepresented. believes it.lawful to commit idolatry, and makes it his daily practice .~' Worslip aii. i adore a breaded god, giving divine ionour, to those poor, empty deihertsof bread and wine. Of, these he .asks pardon for hi.e sins; of thes he he ks grace and salvation; these he acknow ledges to have been his redeemer and saviour, and 'iopesfior no good but what is to come to hint by imeans of ,these household gods. And then for his -apology, -he alleges such gross contradictions, so contrary to .all sense andt.reason; that whosoever will be a Catholic, must be no man ; fondly be lieving, that what he adores -is no bread and wine, .but Christ really present under those appearances and thus makes as many -Christs, as ,many 1le deemers, as there, are churches, pltars, or priests, when, according to God's -infallible word, there is :but one Christ, and he not on earth, -but at.the right :hand of his Father il heaven."' The Catholic .,truly represented believes it .abominable to commit any .kind of idolatry; and most dainable to worship .or adore a breaden god, or to give divine honour to tthe .elements of bread and wine. He worships only one God, who made ,heaven and earth, and his only .Sn Jesus Christ our Redeemer, who,-being in all,things equal to his Father, in truth and omnipotency., lie believes made ihis words good, pronounced at his .last supper, really giving his body and blood to hlis apoStles; ,the species or accidence of bread and wine remain ing as before. .rihe same he. behioves of the most .holy saciament of the Eucharist, consecrated now .by priests; that it really contains the body of .Christ, which was delivered for us; and his blood, .which was shed for the .remission of sins; whiclh being there united with tihe divinity, lie con .fesses: whole Christ to be present. And him he .adores and acknowledges Ihis Remlciier, and not any .bread or wine. And for, the believing of -this .mystery,.he does not. at all, think it meet for any1 •Christian- to appeal from .Christ's word to his own -senses. ,or .reason, lor, the examining the trutlh of * what he Iras said, but rather .to submit his senses -and reason to Christ's'words in the obsequiousness -of faithll; ad tlita, being the' son of Abraham, it is more becomi~g him to believe as Abraliam did, :promptly with a faith superior to all sense or reason, -and Whither these could never:lead him. With this faith it is lhe believes every mystery of his religion, the Trinity, the .Incarnation, &c.; with this faith lie believes, that .vhat..descended upon our Saviour -at his baptism .in -Jordan, , was .jeally the Holy .Ghost, thouigh senses or reason could discover it to Sbe 'nothing but a dove; with this faith he believes, ..that the man that Joshua saw standing over against :hinim with his sword drawn, and the tiree men .that Abraham entertained in the plains of "iam bre, were really and substantially no men; and that nothwithstanding all the information and .yid.nce of sense fromn their colour, features, .proportion, talking, eating, &c.;, of their being 'men, yet,.without any discredit to his senses, he really believes they were no such thing, because .God's sord_ has assured him of the contrary; and with this faith he believes Christ's body and blood to be really pr'esent in the blessed sacrament, though to. all outward appearance there is nothing more than bread and wine. Thus,.not at all hearkening to his senses in a matter where God speaks, lie un feignedly' confesses that lie who made the world out Sof nothing by his sole wir ord, that cred diseases by .his word, thiat raised.tlhe dead by his word, that * commanded tie winds and the seas, that multiplied = bread, that changed water into wine by his word, ,and sinners into just men, cannot want power ,to ..change bread and wine into his own body and blood .'by !is sole word. And this without danger of nitiliiplying his body, of making as many Christs . as altars, or leaving the right hand of his Father ; but onsly by giving to his body a supernatural man ner of existence, by which, being without extension of :parts, rendered independent of place, -it may be one and the same in many places at once, and whole -in every part of the symbols, and not obnoxious to ..any corporal contingencies. And this kind of ex Sistpnce is no more .than what in a manner He be stows up.n every glorifid body ; that whsicih ihis own .body had,.when born without the least violatipn of ,his mother's virginal integrity ; when He arose from the dead out of- the sepulchre, without removing the .stone;, when He entered ampngst his disciples,-th!e .doors being shut. And though he cannot under stand how this is done, yet ihe undoubtedly believes that God dis able, to do more thian he is able to un :deiStand. (f b Ie continued.) 