MÏIlMtTOR THE STORY OF A FEATHER. $g Results Jerrold. (A Storyfrom " PUNCH.") CHAPTER XXXVIII. (Continued from our last.) I AM LEFT IN CLIVES DRESSINGROOM. COLLOQUY WITH A HARES FOOT. Fain would I linger on the glories of the green-room ; fain dwell upon the deliaousnessof that fairy scene, in which men and women seemed exempt from all the cares, yes, from the bleak coldness of mere human life, making to themselves an existence of sweetest ease and happiest excitement. Malice, envy, and slander might be there but, reader, say where they are not, and what an amaranthus bank that will be what a half-way resting-place to heaven for human weariness 1 For my part, I was so happy smelling and plucking the roses about me that I never thought of the slugs and creeping things that might be at their roots. And then I had seen so much of high life which I suppose means life nearest heaven-that I had become tolerant of the failings of those living in the lower stories and cellars of the world's Babel ; poor things, in darkness dwelling I denied the elevating influence of the starry host, which ruins down wise humility on the topmast tenants. An actor is a creature of conceit. Such is the reproof flung upon poor buskin. How. indeed, is it possible that he should escape the sweet malady ? You take a man of average clay; you breathe in him a divine affairs ; you fill him with the words of a poet, a wit, a humourist; he is, even when he knows it not raised, sublimated by the foreign nature within him. Garrick enters as Macbeth. What a storm of shouts what odoriferous breath in " braves" seething and melting the actor's heart 1 Is it possible that this man, so fondled, so shouted to, so handled by the world, can at bed-time take off the whole of Macbeth with his stockings ? He is always something more than David Garrick, householder in the Adelphi. He continually cure was about him pieces of greatness not his own ; his moral self is encased in a harlequin's jacket-the patches from Parnassus. The being of the actor is multiplied ; it is cast, for a time, in a hundred different moulds; hence, what a puzzle and a difficulty for David to pick David, and nothing more than David, from the many runnings I And, then, an actor by his position takes his draughts of glory so hot and so spiced (see, there are hundreds of bands holding to him smoking goblets,) that he must, much of his time, live in a sweet intoxication which, forsooth, hard thinking people call concert. To other folks, reputation comes with a more gentle, more divine approach. You, sir, have carved a Venus, whose marble mouth would smile paralysis from Nestor ; you have painted a picture and, with Promethean trick, have fixed a fire from heaven on the canvas; you have penned a book, and made tens of thousands of brains musical with divinest humanity kings have no such music from cymbals, sackbut, and psaltery and to each of you reputation comes silently, like a fairy, through your study key-hole; you quaff renown refined, cold drawn ; cold as castor-oil and sir, if you be a true philosopher, you will swallow it as a thing no less medicinal. Let me, however, get back to my story. The play was over, and for the night I was left in Mrs. Clive's dressing-room. I had, I felt it, achieved the most complete stage triumph; and from the fulness of a contented soul, sighed gently, happily. My future path seemed to me a path of satin and spangles and in the completeness of my success, all the sordidness and squalor of my past life faded into a dream ; nothing to me seemed real but the glory of the present. Again F fetched a deeper and a deeper sigh. " What's all these airs about?" cried a coarse voice, with something of a rustic twang. I started, but in a moment discovered that the speaker was a hare's feet, whose duty it was to touch the honest cheeks of Kitty Clive with stage-rouge. "I suppose you think yourself somebody?" said the hare's-foot. " Pretty conceit, indeed 1" As I felt myself no match for the speaker, I meekly replied that I had no intention of offending anybody by unseemly affectation ; but that I hoped some indulgence might be granted me as a young beginner; the more especially, after the exciting events of the night. It was impossible, I humbly submitted, to receive so much applause, and not be a little moved. " It's like the whole tribe of ye," cried the here's feet with a sneering laugh. " Applause to you 1 Where would the applause have been but for me ? Why Kitty Clive would have looked a ghost, a spectre, a thing out of a shroud, but for my rest 'Twas 1 who gave something like youthful blood to her face and sparkle to her eye and so have I helped her, year after year. Whilst you-what are you at the best but a supernumerary flourish ; a thing that gives neither fire, nor expression, nor any other quality ? But then, I own it, you are seen ; you are a thing waving in the eyes of the world and though, in my opinion, not worth a great, you are gaped at and be praised ; whilst I, who give good gifts in secret, I am unthought of or despised." Spite of my vanity my conscience told me there was some truth in this. Hence, addressing the here's feet in the mildest manner, I begged to know if it had been long in the profession ? " I have painted every thing," replied the hare's feet, " from Juliet's down to the old women. Ila I no doubt you have sighed for the freedom of your African wilderness ; you have yearned " " Yes," I answered hastily, " but never less than now. This life appears to mc delicious. Indeed, I know no condition so blissful." " Poor wretch ! " cried the here's feet with a contemptuous groan. " Shall I ever forget the sweetness of my liberty The fresh, perfumed dew that bathed my infant paws I Al y adult gambols by moonlight 1 The sweet spring grass and beds of thyme-and sweeter felony committed upon early peas in kitchen-garden ? Nights of my youth 1 Fragrant and nimble was the air around me, and freshness was in all my steps. Then was I guileless even to simplicity. I was slain, and from that hour I have been made an instrument of deception. Oh, the false paintings I have done 1 Oh, the cracked and faded human canvas I have daubed and daubed, and passed upon man for heaven's painting !" There was an earnestness in these words that interested me. " How were you killed," 1 asked ; "according to act of parlia- ment, or-" No, cried the hare's-foot with much satisfaction, "I was not coursed, and worried, and torn to pieces according to the statute. No; I thank my stars, I was humanely poached. There might have been in my case, more honour in dying by the laws of my country ; but as far as I can conceive of the matter, snaring must be much less painful. Nevertheless," said the here's feet with a sudden touch of melancholy, all my career has been mean and miserable. Would you think it? I was even cooked without gravy, and dished without currant jelly." An exclamation of sympathy suddenly escaped me. As You have heard," continued the hare's feet, " that I was reached? I believe I owed my death to an unsophisticated eve of the English drama. Yes ; Hodge Peastraw, lacking the price of admission to the barn of Biggleton, elevated for a time into a theatrical temple, took me as a mysterious present to Bellowly, the manager. Mr. liellowly vaunted an everlast- ing devotion to the laws of his country ; nevertheless, Mrs. Bellowly had, at the time, a strange mysterious yearning for hare, and the manager sacrificed the feelings of the patriot to the tenderness of the husband. Hodge gave me coached and slaughtered me to Bellowly; and Holloway, who was that night to play Othello, gave Hodge an order for the show. Hence," added the here's feet with a slight laugh, in the bargain that bartered me, there was murder on both sides." He your flesh," said 1, " became a dinner to the manager's family, and Peastraw was never suspected ?" "Suspected!" cried the hare's-foot. Mr. liellowly took care of that, at the same time doing what was needful for his own dignity. He dropped a large blot of sealing-wax upon my forehead, then writing an address to Achmet Bellowly, Esq., with, the Lady of the Mayor's admiring compliments,' tied the document to my hind legs, and caused me to be delivered to him during rehearsal in the bosom of his whole company. Nevertheless, I was set ved up, I may say it, in undress; for the manager could not in private life rise to currant jelly. I was eaten' said, the here's feet with a sigh, I was eaten without the honours' " And your feet ?" I asked. M My fellow fore-paw was at once consigned to paint the heavy old men, and general utility. Fortune alone can tell what had become of it but if there be anything of what the players call sympathy, I think it but sunk to the shows, for every year feel I strange low yearnings toward! Bartlemy Fair." And yourself I" I tried. " What was your career, for you have strangely interested me." " Yon are very kind," answered the foot, in a slightly satirical tone. "I became the property of Mr. Holloway's little Belvidere Foot little thing She was killed for a genius " Pray explain," said I "You must know," said the hare's feet, " that it had been ordered by nature whether wisely or not I will not answer that every manager who is a father, has a genius: that is, he possesses a wonderful child, who has been privately suckled by the Tragic Muse and taught the witching ways of comedy by Thalia; Poor Beltidera was this doomed wonder. Hence I WBS set aside to rouse her little baby checks to paint out the fresh hue of childhood-to overlay it with midnight red. Poor waxen puppet 1 She lived according to note, the laughed a parrot laugh, she ogled, she simpered ; the deformed the frank face of babyhood with the taught tricks of the woman and grown fools" applauded, and wondered, and cried a miracle 1 The marvel went on and at length, Mr. Bellowly gave us, as he declared, a very flourishing circuit of barns-for no man more beautifully combined agriculture with the district devote himself wholly to the interests of his darling Btlvldera. And the daily war-lord of Mr. Ballowly increased in lustre; and witch.and-ctí»in. ant) rings, and other ornaments, which even phrtotroprierr, whilst they dttplM them, wear out of respect to the world, became the property of my devoted father ; who that despite often worldmtfrftt be denied the benefit of Belvidera's genius, would modatcentliiiglj Exhibit H even in wayside inns, at taverns, clubs, In all places and before all societies. And the. poor child with coaxed, and petted and hot-tempered into a ( belief of its own greatness, and into the reality of a low and mortal sickness. 1 felt its cheek, now hot and clammy, as night after night I- was made to lay on more and more paint, and 1 wat natural that the creature was laughing, anddanchtgftBMl lauMming, ten night nearer and nearer to his. little grave. And till Mr. Bellowly would, in husband and pass his ring-encumbered hand athwart his chin, when the meanest and most stolid biped fraction of the world would speak of that a sweet little dear his daughter;' to the which praise the manager would merely reply, he knew not how it was that heaven had blessed him, of all men, in that manner ; but he was a happy father.' " Time went on," continued the hare's feet, " and Bel videra grew worse. The cough that herald of the church bell seized her: nevertheless Air. Mellowly declared 'was nothing merely symptomatic of the measles and she couldn't have them in a butter season. At this time the child played at a country theatre where Mrs. Clive acted. What think you, ma'am, of my darling Bulvideru ?' asked Bellowly. . I think her, said Kitty, in her sharp quiet way-for she cuts as silently as a pickpockets knife-' I think her the cleverest corpse 1 ever thought to see.' 'Heavens ma'am,' cried Bellowly. ' I tell you, man, said Kitty, outcry in him you'll have that child's blood upon your hands as surely as those rings her blood has bought.' "Oh, there was a long to-do At last Mrs. Clive persuaded Bellowly-and, as I think, not without hard money to take the child from the stars. And she had the poor thing up to London, and sent doctors and physicians, and day after day would nurse her herself. But all would not do. The little waxen wonder wasted and wasted, and at length Bellowly aghast saw his infant miracle about to die. "The little creature was meek, affectionate, intelligent. ' I shall die, she said to Clive ; ' I 'm sure of it and oh, it is so strange, I do not seem to fear it. I wish you would let me give you something-it is the only thing that ever was mine. Don't look at it till I'm dead, but pray take it. Clive, with her heart gushing at her eyes, dumb and strangling with emotion, suffered the child to place the gift in her hand. " The child died. Clive opened the paper, and found the gift to be myself." (To be continued.) [Articles omitted from our last number.] OUR vindication of the claims of Bishop Nixon has been characterized by a correspondent in the Colonial Times, assuming the imposing designation of " Vigi landing," as a " rambling and by another in the Observer, under the signature of " Z," as a " strangely rambling" article, "remarkable for pretension and illogical deductions." With these erudite gentlemen we presume the rejoinder of the Colonial Times, wandering into matters altogether apart from the specific subject at issue, and catching at every straw to throw into the scale against Dr. Nixon, is a choice specimen of close and consecutive argument. Or, perhaps, since they pride themselves on their logic, they may rejoice together in the beautiful example with which " Vigilantius" kindly supplies us of syllogistic acumen. " Last year there was not found one scholar out of 300 in Merchant Tailors' School fitting to proceed to St. John's." Francis Russell Nixon had, in a previous year, been found "fitting." Therefore, Francis Russell Nixon obtained a fellow- ship as a " matter of course, and not of a fitting » merit ! " We remember, however, that we are at the Antipodes. We therefore dismiss " Z" with the remark that we asserted no extent of prerogative or power, in behalf of Dr. Nixon, beyond what ordinarily attaches to the episcopal office in the Anglican Church, and that this antagonist of "pretension" has therefore taken the trouble to assail an edifice built up by a train of " logical deduction" peculiarly his own. We leave him in the complacent enjoy- ment of the victory he has thus honourably achieved. Now turn we to the leader' of the " faction" and his able coadjutor. We may, however, in the first place, briefly observe, in answer to the charge of " rambling," that not one single point was adverted to, in the article so designated, which had not pro. viously formed a specific subject of animadversion in the columns of the Colonial Times, and that, as we before stated, we should have considered such attacks undeserving of notice but for their persevering iteration, and the inference which seemed to prompt to such a course, that they admitted of no reply. It has been again and again asserted that Dr. Nixon's academical position was not such as to warrant the distinction conferred upon him, and that his claim to the title of Lord Bishop, was founded in empty assumption-in some ambitious desire to attain the titular precedence awarded to the prelates of England. To these points our "justification" was confined, and there was not the remotest intention of defending the general course which the Right Rev. Prelate has thought proper to adopt;" convinced, though we are, that that course admits of ample vindication. Had we entered on this subject, as our opponent takes occasion to do, we might, with some show of reason, have been accused of " rambling." That the unhallowed feelings to which we before gave a name, have had a share in the work of detraction, is borne out, in the present instance, by the insinuation that Dr. Nixon was himself the author of the justification in question and by the fact that, in order to accomplish the objects of the faction, the established reputation of the school at which he was educated, and the college to which he belonged, are unsparingly impugned. Had His Lordship produced that article, or had he been, even remotely, cognizant of its production, it is more than probable that the error would have been avoided into which we inadvertently fell in naming Dr. Manners Sutton, instead of Dr. Howley, as the present Lord Archbishop of Canterbury. With respect, then, to Merchant Tailors' School, on which " Vigilantius " so triumphantly dilates, we may be permitted to remark that, admitting the correctness of the statements with which he has furnished himself from so redoubtable an authority, had he been, according to his own classic phraseology, a " free gratis for nothing boy at that same school, it is highly probable, with anything like a common capacity, he would have favoured us with a more satisfactory proof of his " good education " than his present exhibition supplies. We consider it, however, unnecessary to say more, in reference to the foundation statutes of Merchant Tailors' School and the subsequent advancement of scholars to Oxford, than to express our hope that, at some future period, " Vigilantius " will enlighten us, from his History of London or some other standard authority, as to the means by which the Captain of the Eton Morters is annually placed at Cambridge. We may perhaps discover that the mode in which this is accomplished, is derogatory to the attainments of the scholar so sent, and destructive of his future pretensions and prospects. Merchant Tailors' school has 37 fellowships and scholarships at St. John's but then "Vigilantius" assumes that all these fellowships are annually vacant, and that, consequently, amongst so great a number of competitors, some might occasionally creep in as a matter of course, and without desert. Now we may mention, as a parallel case, that King's College, Cambridge, has seventy fellowships and scholarships, which are filled by a regular succession from Eton, the number of vacancies being about five per annum. Taking- this as a datum, we may fairly calculate that the annual number of vacancies at St. John's, to be supplied from Merchant Tailors' School, cannot exceed four or five. This makes a material difference in the case, and renders election an object of no easy attainment. How severe is the test may be inferred from the fact that, out of 300 boys under the instruction of the most eminent masters, and with every stimulus to exertion and emulation, not one was found last year, to come up to the required standard of excellence. But then, says " Vigilantius," " Dr. Nixon is not to be found in any of the classes of honors at Oxford, search where you may." If "Vigilantius" will take the trouble to "search" in an Oxford Calendar, instead of his History of London, he will find the name of Francis Russell Nixon, of St. John's College, in the list of classical honors for 1827. So much for his veracious assertions. We briefly remark, on the legal provision rendering incapable " persons ordained by a Colonial Bishop of holding preferment as Ministers of the Established Church in England and Ireland," motives of policy, and admitting of ready explanation, without proving that a Bishop is not a Bishop. The want of space forbids us to enlarge, and we therefore hastily disease of the " decorous consideration of the Colonial Times by the simple fact that it was neither " the acceptance of a foreign chaplaincy nor his devotion to the peaceful enjoyments of domestic life," that, in the case of Dr. Nixon, formed " so commanding a claim to episcopal honors ;" but his preacher ship at Canterbury, where he formed one of the six preachers selected by the Lord Archbishop himself, that brought him under the immediate notice of his Grace, and eventually recommended him as eminently worthy to take the superintendence of the newly-constituted diocese of Tasmania. As to the " per annum" a? mandamus degree, we might adduce the parallel case of almost every English Bishop at present on the Bench. We will content ourselves with the of Dr. Connop Thirlwall a name not unknown o fame-who, at the time of his appointment to the Bishopric of Saint David's, held only his degree of Master of Arts, and received, by mandamus, a corresponding academical distinction. It was no more derogatory to Dr. Nixon not to have regularly proceeded, than to Dr. Connop Thirlwall. We can only add, in conclusion, on points that might be almost interminably extended, that those can hardly obtain credit for really understanding the subject, who can talk so authoritatively about "per saltum" degrees, " wrangler," and " senior and junior optime" at (Lord ! Before we close we beg to assure " Z" that we require no '. thanks" from Dr. Nixon. Unsolicited we undertook the duty and thanked, we have an ample reward in the satisfaction of doing justice and vindicating merit. 