FEEDING AFTER STARVATION, AND STARVATION SENSATION. About the middle of the afternoon, one of the four who had been sent forward returned with the joyful intelligence that they had fallen in with a herd of not less than 17,000 sheep, and had succeeded in purchasing a sufficiency for the whole com- mand. Again we put spurs to our horses; and a ride of half an hour brought us up with the shepherds and their charge, and to a fine camping-ground on the Rio Gallinas. Here a scene of feasting ensued which beggars description. We had been thirteen days upon the road, with really not provisions enough for three; and now there was an abundance, our starving men at once abandoned themselves to eating-- perhaps I should rather call it gormandiz- ing or stuffing. No less than twenty large fat sheep had been purchased and dressed; and every ramrod, as well as every stick that could be found, was soon graced with smoking ribs and shoulders, livers, and hearts. Many made themselves sick by over-eating; but an attempt to restrain the appetites of half-starved men, except by main force, would be the very extreme of folly. Had the food been anything but mutton, and had we not procured an ample supply of salt from the Mexicans to season it, the men might have died of the surfeit. I have never yet seen a treatise or disser- tation upon starving to death--I can speak feelingly of nearly every stage except the last. For the first two days through which a strong and healthy man is doomed to exist upon nothing, his sufferings are, perhaps, more acute than in the remaining stages-- he feels an inordinate, unappeasable craving at the stomach, night and day. The mind runs upon beef, bread, and other sub- stantials; but still the body retains its strength. On the third and fourth days, but especially on the fourth, this incessant craving gives place to a sinking and weak- ness of the stomach, accompanied by nausea. The unfortunate sufferer still desires food, but with loss of strength he loses that eager craving which is felt in the earlier stages. Should he chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, as was occasionally the case with us, he swallows it with a wolfish avidity; but five minutes afterwards his sufferings are more intense than ever. He feels as if he had swallowed a living lobster, which is clawing and feeding upon the very founda- tion of his existence. On the fifth day, his cheeks suddenly appear hollow and sunken, his body attenuated, his color an ashy pale, and his eye wild, glassy, cannibalists. The different parts of the system now war with each other. The stomach calls upon the legs to go with it in quest of food; the legs from very weakness, refuse. The sixth day brings with it increased suffering, although the pangs of hunger are lost in an overpowering langour and sickness. The head becomes giddy; the ghosts of well- remembered dinners pass in hideous pro- cession through the mind. The seventh day comes, bringing increased lassitude and further prostration of strength. The arms hang listlessly, the legs drag heavily. The desire for food is still left to a degree; but it must be brought not sought. The miserable remnant of life which still hangs to the sufferer is a burden almost too grievous to be borne; yet his inherent love of existence induces a desire still to preserve it, if it can be saved without a tax upon bodily exertion. The mind wanders. At one moment he thinks his weary limbs cannot sustain him a mile; the next he is endowed with unnatural strength; and if there be a certainty of relief before him, dashes bravely and strongly onward, wondering whence proceeds this new and sudden impulse.--Kendal's Santa Fé Ex- pedition. 