IVY ROWLAND HILL, THU YOUNGER. [Continued from our last.] SCENE-The compartí/ arriving ai ICeepemdown Rectory. The Mitts Mildtnays come an hour ¿í fore dinner, and ail the young ladies walk on the lawn. Mr. Commissioner Saunders being forced to go and try to settle a quarrel between a millo crat and his workmen, sends a reluctant apology. Thc company are introduced to each other in thc library. Having introduced his elder daughters and Mr. Frederick, Mrt Incubus fakes Emily by her left hand, and says, " Afr. Archdeacon Vital, allow me to introduce my youngest daughter, Miss Emily, a young heretic" Emily appears disconcerted, the Miss Mildtnays look serious, Mr. MUdmay seems hurt, thc rest stare, thc young /H cubusses titler. Miss Emily. Frederick, bow can you go on so! Your College companions nt Oxford hare sadly corrupted you. I really tremble nt thc thought of your becoming Rector; unless you greatly alter you will indeed be a "blind leader of the blind." (Turning to the doctor.) Will you, Doctor Sach cvcrel, favour us with your deliberate opinion on the rite of Confirmation ? Doctor Sachcveret. Certainly, my dear young friend. In my opinion, Confirmation ranks higher than any of the mere devetopements of the christian Church. Confirmation is, you must allow, a scrip' turat ordinance. Mr. MUdmay. Well, Doctor, I hope it is right, but I do not know that it is prescribed in the New Testament. Doctor Sacheverel Oh, but I can show you that it is. In the Acts of the Apostles, chapter 14, you f¡nd I1 nu I and Barnabas did so to the young disciples. Mr. M Uti may. Yes; they gave them further instruction in the truth, exhortation, warning and ¡ comfort Ï but there was no outward ceremony connected with it. They confirmed them, that is, they edified them ; just as any manifestation of truth by any preacher, or person or book whatso- ever, confirms one more in the belief of that truth. That is all I ever thought the passage to mean, and auch confirmation, I daily find myself to stand in need of; and therefore I hear our worthy minister, and other pious people, ns often as I cnn ; and I read and pray, and meditate and watch, and we must all do so, that we may continually Lc confirmed in thc truth, especially in these dnys of error nnd superstition. Mr. Archdeacon Dual. Then, Slr, you reduce it so low as to take all dignity from the ordinance, Whereas, at present, look nt the imposing effect. Thc Lord Bishop of thc Diocese comes in solemn pomp ; lie is honoured by thc chief men in the neighbourhood. Even the very Schismatics run to sec nnd hear thc honoured Prelate ; the youths of both sexes are gathered together in their best npparcl. The bells ring ;-the whole country is in commotion. Under the arched roof, where their forefather! worshipped, the young people kneel; and amid the spoken prayers of the Church, mut the unuttered supplications of their parents, friends, and religious guides, they re- ceive from thc consecrated hands of their spiritual Father, thc benediction and grace of the Al mighty. Sir James Gammon. fV1/ tear glistening in his eye.) Olt, most beautiful, most imposing spec- tacle. Mrs. Incubus. (Quite moved.) It is indeed. \- Miss Afildmay. A very different representation of it, indeed, from Mr. Frederick's £ Dr. Hoakem. Yes, my dear young friend, tilings depend, for their appearance, very much on thc way in which wc are determined to look at them. I Mr. G. intimity. And our determination is often greatly influenced by our interests/ Mr. Mildmay. Hush 1 my dear George, I think we are in danger under the present system, of making too little of scriptural, and too much of human confirmation. Sir James Gammon. Pray, Sir, explain yourself. Hr. Mildmay. I think, Sir, wc nre making too little of it ; by limiting it to one person, anti to one period. \V*c need confirmation incessantly. And any one by administering divine truth, is able to confirm us. Doctor Itookem. that depends upon his being authorized to do so. Mr. Mildmay. Truth ascertained, is, I think' our authority, and confirms the soul that receives it. And we must not suppose Confirmation is limited to Lords and Bishops. Indeed, thc only instances we have of it in the scriptures, mention not a word about Bishops. In thc one case, thc Confirmation was by Apostles, in thc others by Prophets. Sir James Gammon. Well, Sir, but Paul laid his hands on the disciples, as our Bishops now do. Mr. Mildmay. True ; but that is not called Con. firmalion. And if it were, still, unless our Bishops prove tltnt they confer miracidouspowers on thc confirmed, it is in vain they appeal to thc Bible to authorize their modern custom. Mr. Frederick Incubus. Well, I never was so tired of any subject in my life. Miss Mildmay. (Smiling.) You are not tired of Confirmations you said} and why bc tired of talking of them ? Mr. Mildmay. I was nhout to add that I think too much, ns well ns too little is mude of our moder Confirmations. Mr. Incubus. Too much, and yet too little \ How cnn that bc? Mr. Mildmay. Too much in some respects, too little in otliers. It is too little to require of per- sons openly professing to be Christians, that they can " SAY the Creed, nnd the Lord's Prayer, the Commandments, and thc short Catechism." Too much, to make the pnssing through this ceremony an indispensable prc-rerpiisite to the receiving of the Lord's Supper. And far too much when the Bishop boldly tells God, that " He," thc Lord, '* lins regenerated these young persons by water and the Holy Ghost, and has given them forgive- ness of all their sins ;-and again, that thc Bishop has, in this, followed thc example of thc holy Apostles, and thus certified thc young people," (of whose character or conduct he knows little or nothing) " of God's favour and gracious goodness." I confess I do not like this. Sir James Gammon. Oh, Mr. Mildmay, I fear you have been among thc Schismatics ; beware of wolves in sheep's clothing. Mr. Mildmay. That is what I desire to do, Sir James. But who are the wolves ? By their fruits ye shall know them, said our Lord Jesus. I think, the theory of dcvelopement might very well go under nnotber name. Mr. frederick Incubus. (Impatiently.) And pray what is that, Sir? Afr. Mildmay. 1 think all things, however good, arc liable to coaRUi'TioK. I suspect that, as thc Patriarchal, and thc Jewish dispensations became corrupt, so also has thc Christian ; and that these corruptions made our forefathers feel the need of a renovation, purification, or, ns it is generally called, Reformation. Either there was or there was not occasion for a Reformation. If there were not, then wc do wrong in perpetuating the Schism; if there were, then wc must allow the existence of Corruptions. Mr. G. Mildmay. I should like to hear Mr, Archdeacon Dual's answer to that question of my brother's. Mr. Archdeacon Dual. I think, my dear Sir, there »ra.? a necessity for it; but we must dis- tinguish between an essential and a circumstantial necessity. I conceive the necessity was only of the latter order. Could thc public sentiment, in the sixteenth century, have been secured, from agita- tion, could printing have been suppressed, and could Henry VIII have quiety submitted to the Pope, Ids spiritual father, as Henry II wisely did in a former age, all the necessity would have dis- appeared ; all the wars and persecutions which en- sued might have been avoided, as well as the lamentable disunion of the Christian world. I think further, that there is now as great a necessity for seeking a re-union with the Church of Home, as there was for n temporary separation from her communion. Mr. Incubus. Excellent reply ! Worthy des- cendant of your illustrious ancestor ! (To be Continued.) Printed and published by WILLIAM PRATT, C7, Elizabeth.street, Hobart Town, for the Propri- etor, Jons FREDERICK HALLER, of Devonshire Terrace, Melville-street, and the Old Wharf. Published also at the " Observer" Office, Col- lins-street, where all Advertisements and Com- munications are requested to be sent. 