THE SACRAMENT OF CONFIRMATION AT ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. On Sunday morning this Sacrament was admi nistered by the Right Reverend Bishop Willson, with all the solemnities observed in the Roman Catholic Church. A large concourse attended to witness the in teresting ceremony, consisting of persons of all denominations. In addition to the usual congre- gation, there were many from the suburbs and country districts, as well as some of the most in fluential gentlemen and ladies of Launceston, for whose accommodation every care and attention was displayed by Mr. O'Halloran, and the other Wardens and Managers of the Church. The service commenced at 11 o'clock; but long be fore that hour every available part of the building; was occupied. There were 54 candidates for confirmation, namely, 33 females, and 21 males ; about 12 of these were adults, but the others were young per son6 chieny under tne age oi iv. *uc icuim™ were dressed in white, which, with their ample hoods of the same, gave them a most interesting appearance, reminding us of the ancient practice of the Church, whose members, on certain occa sions, appeared in a similar garb, representing that purity of heart, and sanctity of life, which constitute a fit preparation for the gift of the Paraclete, or Divine Comforter. The candidates knelt in front of the altar ; the females at tbe right, and the males on the left. After High Mass had been celebrated, and the usual collection made, for the liquidation of the church building debt, the Bishop commenced the sermon, taking his text from 1st Corinthians, c. 2\. and part of 10th and 11th verses. His Lord ship adverted to tbe Divine institution ot tne Sacrament, and the obligation of the Church to a faithful observance thereof— noticing, that from their extreme simplicity, the sceptical, and pro fane, were often led to despise and ridicule them; but this resulted from gross ignorance, not know ing the Divine method of operation in the world, and the church. The grace of God is communi cated to the soul of man, through simple and (to human reason) unlikely channels ; but Scripture abounds with instances in which great effects were made to result from insignificant causes. Many (for example) might incline to underrate the miracles performed by our blessed Saviour on the blind man, because, He first spat on the ground, and made clay with the spittle, with which lie anointed the eyes of the Oliud. Our Saviour could have spoken the word, and healed him without the clay, or the spittle, without using any meaus at all, had he so willed. In this way the Almighty works, and who dares to say that He shall not work when, and how, He pleases? ' If he chooses to use a poor sinful man like my self,' said the Bishop, ' and by the laying on of hands— the signing with the sign of the cross— and the anointing of oil (instruuieutally) to dis pense the blessings of his grace, who shall dispute his infinite power or right to do so ? His Lord ship next explained the nature of this Sacrament, and referred to the account given by St. Luke in the book ot Acts, shewing that after the Samari tans had received the word of God, by the preach ing of Philip, the Apostles sent two of their num ber (Peter and John) who laid their hands upon tlipm. and nravfid with them, and they -received the Holy Ghost, for as yet He was not come upon them — they had only been baptised in the name of the Lord Jesus. From this the Bishop proved that after baptism by the priest, it is necessary for persons when they come to mature age, to receive the tight of confirmation at the hands of the Bishop, as the representative of the Apostles. His Lordship, in very clear and convincing terms, explained the benefits to be derived, and the dispositions to be cultivated by, a9 well as the :^ ? — obligations devolving on persons coming to be confirmed. Want of space prevents our giving, in detail, the admirable sermon, which was listened to, with respectful attention, by the nu merous audience. After sermon,and the usual prayers,the Bishop proceeded to administer the sacrament. He was seated at the Altar,a Priest standing at his right, and oue at his left hand, in which the Bishop held the Pastoral Staff. The candidates advan ced, and knelt in couples before him, and as the holy rite was administered, proceeded to their respective seats. ' The Bishop takes the name of each person to be confirmed, which may either be the name they had in baptism, or the name of any Saint thev mav choose for their Patron, and make the sign of the cross, on the forehead of each, witn the chrism or consecrated oil, saying N. Signo te signo crucis, Et confirmo te chns mate salutis In Nomine Patris, and Filii and Spiritus sancti. Amen. ' N. I sign thee with the sign of the cross, and I confirm thee with the chrism of salvation,in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Here he gives the person confirmed a little blow on the cheek, saving ' Pax tecum' (Peace be with thee) to signify that henceforth, he is to be ready like a true soldier of Jesus Christ, to suffer patiently, all kinds of affronts, and injuries for his faith, and for the cause of his Lord. The chrism with which the sacrament is ad ministered is a compound of oil of olives, and balm or balsam, solemly consecrated by the Bishop on Maundav Thursday, kept with great veneration in the church, and made use of only on the consecration of bishops, churches, altars, chalices, &c;, and whatever is onee anointed with this sacred chrism, is looked upon as specially dedicated to the service of the Supreme Being. After the ceremony was concluded, the Bishop washed his hands and in the mean time a suitable anthem was sung by the Choir, in which apart of the band of the 96th Regiment assisted The Bishop then delivered to the parties con firmed a short and eloquent address, inculcating (amongst other things) the duty of living in peace and charity with our neighbours. ' Never,' , said hfi, ' since I had the use of reason, could I understand why human beings should bite and devour each other, because they did not agree in opinion on religious subjects; I believe that (as a Catholic) I am in the right, that God has blessed me with His sraeious eift, to belong to His Church, whose doctrines, I believe are divine,and whose precepts are holy, and I am bound to use this gift to His honor ; but is that a reason why I should be at enmity with my fellow beings, or wish to injure them, because they do not think, as I do ? By no means ; we are bound to study our Saviour's example on this subject, and to re member His golden maxim, that, ' Whatsoever we would that men should do to us, we should do to them. ' And my dearly beloved children in Christ, (he added, with considerable emotion,) I pray God to deprive me of the «rift of speech, and of the use of my hand rather than I should by my tongue, or my pen,striveto iujure another on account of any religious differences. I press this subject upon you all — on Pastor, and people feeling how necessary it is, in a corrupt world like this, to live and act, in the true spirit of Christian peace and charity. The Robe3 and other Paraphernalia used on the occasion were really magnificent. The Mi tre, and Rochet appeared to us, to be chaste and superb specimens of workmanship. The Pastoral Staff, and the Pectoral Cross also at tracted' notice, they are made of superior copper, overlaid with gold, and ornamented in a tasteful manner with precious stones. We believe they are the product of an eminent artist of the name of Pugin, who has lately distinguished himself for his successful efforts in restoring the ancient church architecture of England. The splended Satin Cope, worn by the Bishop was that presen ted to His Lordship by an affectionate congrega tion at Nottingham in England, on his leaving them to take charge of the Church in this Colony. 