ANOTHER PRIEST'S CURSE. A recent number of the American Republic publishes a copy of the priest's curse pronounced against one Wi!, iam Hogan, of Philadelphia. The anathema, it may be premised, is used nearer home. We can scarcely keep from shuddering as we transcribe it : — . 41 By the authority of God Almighty, the Father- Son, and Holy Ghost, and of the undefiled Virgin Mary Mother and patroness of our Saviour, and of all celes tial virtues, Angels, Archangels, Thrones Dominions, Powers, Cherubims, and Seraphims. And of all the Holy Patriarchs, Prophets, and all the Apostles and Evangelists of the Holy Innocents, who in the' sight of the Holy Lamb are found worthy to sing the new song of the Holy Martvrs and holy Confessors, and of all the Holy Virgins, and of all the Saints, together with the Elect of God — may he, William Hogan, be damned. 4 We excommunicate and anathematize him, and from the thresholds of the Hoiy Church of God Almighty we sequester him, that he may 'be tormented, disposed, and be delivered over with Dathan and Abiram, and with those who say unto the Lord, 4 Depart from us, we desire none of thy ways,' and as fire is quenched with water so let the light of.hiui be put out lor ever more, unless it shall repent him and make satisfaction, Amen! . 44 May the Father who created man curse himl May i he Son who suffered for us curse him ! May the Holy Ghost who was given to us in Baptism curse him ! May the Holy Cross, which Christ for our salvation, triumph ing over his enemies, ascended, curse him 1 44 May the holy and eternal Virgin Mary, mother of God, curse him ! May Saint Michael, the advocate of holy souls, curse him ! May all the Angels, Arch- -ingels, principalities and powers, and all the heavenly armie, curse him ! 44 May the praiseworthy multitude of Patriarchs and Prophets curse him 1 44 May St. John the Precursor, and St. John the Baptist, and St. Peter, and St. Paul, and St. Andrew, and all other Christ's Apostles together, curse him ! and may the rest of his disciples and four Evangelists, who by their preaching converted the universal world, and may the holy-and wonderful company of martyrs and confessors, who by their holy works are found pleasing to God Almighty, curse him 1 May the Holy Choir of the Holy Virgins, who for the honour of Christ have de spised the things of the world, damn hiiu! May all the Saints from the beginning of the world to everlast ing ages, who are found to be beloved of God, damn him! 44 May he be damned wherever he be, whether in the house or the stable, the garden or the field, or the high way, or in the path, or in the woods, or in the water, or in the church, may be be cursed in living and in dying! " May he be cursed inwardly and outwardly may he be cursed in.his brains, and in his vertex — in his teinple- in his cheeks, in his forehead, in his ears, in his eyes brows, in his.jawbones, in his nostrils, ia his teeth and grinders, in his throat, in his shoulders, and in his arms, and in his fingers ! " May he be damned in his mouth, in his breasts, in his heart and purtenances, down to his very stomach ! 44 May lie be cursed in all his joints, and articulations of his members — from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot, may there be no sounduess in him ! 44 May the Son of the living God, with all the glory of his Majesty, curse him ! And may Heaven, with all the powers which move therein, rise- up against him, and curse and damn him— unless he repent arid make satisfaction ! Amen, so be it-— be it so, Amen ."' 