MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. On Thursday evening the Rev. Mr. Price de livered a lecture upon electricity. He expressed his intention at the out-set of making himself understood by all, and of rendering the subject intelligible even to those who had never previously directed their attention to the study. Having on former occasions dwelt at length upon partieular branches of the science, he now proposed giving a general but condensed explanation of the prin cipal facts connected with electricity, illustrating the elementary propositions which formed the basis of the science, and tracing out the facts in their varied connection and operation. Whatever certain wiseacres might please to say, he should prefer simplicity to display, and discard all tech nicalities, in order to render the subject familiar to every comprehension. The term electricity was derived from the Greek word electror, signifying amber, which substance was first observed to have a peculiar power of attraction when excited by friction. The same property had been observed in certain ani mals, and from these simple observations the science of electricity originated. The world was much indebted to the labours of the Royal Society for the progress and developement of electricity. The course they pursued was not one of idle theo-, rising, but they devoted their energies to the practical collection and elucidation of facts, from which, by clear induction, the principles were soundly established. Galvanism, electro mag netism, and other important and interesting stu dies resulted from the discovery of electricity, and were governed by the same leading principles. The first fact to be explained was, that certain bodies, when excited by friction, became attrac tive. This Mr. Price exhibited by rubbing seal ing-wax and glass with woollen cloth, and showing the effect of excitation in the newly acquired power of attracting small pith balls. This was the simple operation upon which the whole science rested. Substances so excitable are called elec tries, and those which are not thus influenced, non-electrics. Another important preliminary fact was, that two bodies equally excited repel each other. There were two theories upon the subject; one supposed the existence of two fluidb, a re sinous and vitrious, which when separated pro duced the same effects, but when united coun teracted each other. The other and more gene rally received opinion was in favour of only one fluid, but imagined that, in reference to two substances, that which was most charged with fluid became positively electrified, and that which was less charged, negatively so. The lecturer then introduced his electrifying machine, having explained the construction of which he proceeded to illustrate his subject by a variety of experiments. To exhibit the property of attraction, five bells were suspended alter nately by chains and silken threads, on a rod attached to the prime conductor. When the ma chine was putt in motion the fluid was conveyed to the bells suspended by the conductors, which became charged and attracted those suspended by non-conductors, which also became charged and separated. By this alternate attraction and re pulsion the tiny bells kept up a mimic peal, eluci dating most satisfactorily the position that bodies charged with fluid possessed an attraction, and two bodies similarly charged, a repulsive agency. Similar illustrations were produced in great va riety; paper men were made to dance with extra ordinary vigour and miraculous balance, eclipsing all possible achilovments of bone and muscle In complicated evolutions ; electric spiders were made to fly, and suggested a solution to the perplexing secret which enables wingless insects to float buoyantly in air, and spin their thread across a road-way. In further illustration one of the junior listeners was placed upon an inso Iatcd stool, and being " charged," the same prin ciple operated in producing an effect, best de scribed by the ghost In Hamlet, literally causing, " The knotted and combined locks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon thie fretful porcupine." This juvenile also set fire to a spoonful of spirits of wine, by communicating to it a single spark from the tip of his finger. Mr. Price then ascended the stool, and holding in his hand a ma gical rodl, distributed a copious supply of sparks amongst the auienco, of which the nladies were the principal recipients, and much merriment was thereby occasioned. It was remarkable the lecturer observed, that the electric fluid operated throughout a circle of any extent at precisely the same moment; it had been proved that the effect in a chain of four miles were experienced at every point simultaneously. Those who desired a more practical sense of this truth were afforded an op portunity, and received the electric shock. Mr. Price said people had come to him, suffering so severely from rheumatism, as to be incapable of raising an arm, but one or two " shocks" had re moved the difficulty and restored comparative ease. As the lecture continued, the atmosphere be. came damp (it was raining heavily) and the mois ture prevented the successful performance of several expesiments. A Leyden jar was intro duced, but it was found difficult to collect suffi cient fluid, and rather than detain the audience the lecturer declined persevering in his attempts. He managed however to exhibit and explain fully the causes of lightning and its effects, with other simple experiments not so much dependent upon the state of the atmosphere. He concluded with reflections upon the wonderful properties ofelec tricity, upon which every contrivance in nature depended, and conducted his hearers through fields and forests, and pictured an imaginary celestial tour, over all the multiform and multifa rious objects and operations, incidental to which the electric fluid would be found exercising an important and indispensable control. From the contemplation of such profound and mysterious adaptations, he directed the mind to the Omni potent Being, who is the author and controller of all. 