ENGLISH. UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD. MK. w.um's CASE. TUR members of tho University poureil into Oxford on Thursday in vast numbera as thn hour approached for the meeting of Con- vocation, A great proportion of them »ere men distinguished in public life, and who came up purposely to bo present at tho Convocation. It is calculated that there were not less than between 1,200 and 1,300 members. Tho vice-Chancellor openoJ tho proceed- ings by stating the object for which the con- vocation was held, and Dr. Bliss road the passages of Mr. Ward's book upon which the first proposition to ho submitted to Con- vocation depended. Tho vice-Chancellor then addressed Mr. Ward in Latin, and ask- ed him whether he had anything to say as to tho motlo in which he wished to deliver his speech ? Mr. Ward urged in reply that he had received permission to speak in English, which the vice-Chancellor confirmed. Mr. Wartl then rose,and spoke na follows: Mr. vice-Chancellor,-1 am hound at once to state, that I shall conclude what I hnvoto say by delivering futo you a formal protest against the legality of this whole proposal. Tho issue before you has no moro to do with thc question whether the doctrino in my book be true or false, than with the question whether my style of writing bo pood or bad, or whether my exposition be dull or interest- ing. Tho declaration is, that I havo violated the engagement on which my degrees were conferred; and tho enactment, that I be de- prived of those degrees. You seo at once that no theological determination is so much ns hinted nt: my opinions are complained of not as being false, or dangerous, or unduti- ful, or rash, but ns being inconsistent with my good faith. One issue in regard to thom, and one only, is placed before you-their consistency with certain formularios which I subscribed when I received my degrees, anti my good faith in respect of those subscrip- tions. 1 subscribed certain formularios in what I have called a non-natural sense. Granted. Dut is it the intention of the Church of England that they necessarily be subscribed in a natural sense? If it bc, then it is thc intention of tho Church of England that there shall be no subscribers to them nt all. I argue thus-the imponens of subscription cannot bu un abstraction or a historical personage-it must be some exist- ing, living person or body. The said impo- neos, whoever he is, wishes soma considera- ble number of persons to subscribe our for- mularies ; but if he wished them all to bc subscribed in a natural sense, no considera- ble number of persons, nor any person at all, could sign them ; therefore ho does not wish them all to be subscribed in a natural BCnse. I believe that there is no single party in our church, holding its place there by however long und undisputed prescription who does not do greater violence to ono or ollior part of our formuUrJo. 4l,a" I J that comparatively small portion of our for- mularies which appear on their surface to condemn Roman doctrine. Every ono hero present subscribes a considerable part of our formularies in a non-natural souse, and tho opinions which distinguish such as myself from tho great body of English Churchmen do not necessitate so violent a distortion of the letter of our formularies as do the ordi- nary high church opinions. Evangelical opinions, we all know, whether it bo a mat- ter of praise or blame, there Is no one moro general characteristic of English Churchmen than that un imputation on tho existing sys- tem is the. ono allegation for which it is most difficult to obtain a fair hearing. Per- sons who for half their lives held a certain doctrine also subscribed a certain formulary, unless they have an unusual power of ab- straction will hardly ever bee any inconsis- tency between tho doctrino and tho formu- lary. So, to take the strongest caso that could possibly be brought, it might havo been thought quito impossible that any one chould read our baptismal service, and doubt that, according to tho obvious and jirimii fitcie doctrine of that service, baptism con- veys to infants a real inward gift, licforo baptism,-" Thou who didst sanctify water lo the mystical washing" away ol' sin, look upon this child, wash him, and sanctify him with the Holy Ghost." After,-" Wo yield Thee hearty thanks that it hath pleased Theo to regenerate this infant with thy Holy Spi- rit." And yet there hnvo been multitudes of religious and upright men as we all know who have been quite unable to see it- some, perhaps, here present, full of indignation at my bad faith in subscribing formularies in n non-natural sense. "And lastly, for tho snke of the Church of England, for the sake of that church of which wo aro joint mem- bers, I beseech you lo pause beforo you af- I firm tho proposition before you; it may possibly have an effect far greater than yon imagine in accelerating a crisis that may end in tho premature dissolution of thc pre- sent fabric of tho English Church. I ask you to let our present frame-work remain, as far as in you lies, that under its protec- tion numbers of humble and dutiful souls, who are quito unable to choose for them- selves a side, and shrink appalled from the strife of words now raging among us, may gradually develope into that which they can- not suddenly become-deeply-rooted believ- ers in tho wbule truth. Nothing, indeed, is more probable than that tho fabric of Ibo English Church may fall to pieces if you be frin taking out a single stone ; but a fabric, largo in extent, and yet homogeneous, in its composition it will not be one, or any- thing in the least like it, merely became you succeed in dislodging one among its innu- merable discordant materials ; and I do im- plore you then to consider well »hat you do when you take this first step, which may lead to so disastrous an issue. Let your decision nt least be tho result, not of party and excit- ed feeling, but of calm and solemn delibera- tion. Dr. Grant, of New College, then rose to propose as an amendment, "That the p.is -v sages now read from the book entitled 'The Meal of a Christian Church Considered,' are worthy of gravo censure, but that Convoca- tion declines to express any opinion upon the good faith of the author, or to exercise thc functions of an ecclesiastical tribunal, by pronouncing- judgment on tho nature or degree of his offence." The Vico-Cliancellnr informed Dr. Grant thal no proposition could bo muda that had not hceu previously agreed on by himself and tho llebiloinad.il Doard. Mr. Denison entered his protest against tho whole proceedings; and Mr. Dode, of Christ Church, entered a protest against ihem, as affecting tho right and propriety of the proceedings. The vice-Chancellor put tho question, when there was a roar and counter-roar of " Placets" and "Non-placets." A scrutiny was then ordered. Tho numbera turned out afterwards to be-for tho proposition, 777; nfrninst it, SSC It was, therefore, declatcd ngainst Mr. Ward. The vice-Chancellor announced tho re- sult, saying " Majori ¡nirti placet." Tho vice-Chancellor then proposed tho second proposition-that for the degradation of Mr. Ward. Mr. Ward airain addressed tho Convoca I lion, also in English. Ho Baid, " I have only to say, with respect to this particular mode of punishment, that for myself, what ever others may think of my opinions, I have shewn by my acts and my words that I am most anxious, most desirous, and most reatly, I may say most eagerly desirous and mady, to devote all rny energies, such as they may be, and whatever powers of mind or action 1 may possess, to tho service of the Church nf England, if I may bc allowed. It must at tho samo limo be remembered that certain persons, not holding the opin- ions I hold, have renounced orders and left the Church, and have entered into com mu nion with tho Church of Rome, and yet have kept their degrees of B.A. ufîd M.A. Therefore, it does appear thut tho proposed proceedings towards me, who have not re- nounced tho Church of England, but am ready to serve it, is harsh when compared with what has been done with them. At tho same time, I must ever be thankful for the opportunity afforded mu of doing justico to my character and opinions before so many members of a Church towards which I do feel tho deepest attachment." Tho vice-Chancellor then put it to tho vote ns before, with the same result. Tho Rev. N. Ellison, of lialiol College, addressed thc assembly in Latin, in opposi- tion to tho motion. A scrutiny was then taken, after which tho vice-Chancellor declared that thc propo- sition had been ufiirmed. Tho numbers turned out to be-Placéis 5(J9 ; Non placets 511. Tho vice-Chancellor then proposed tho third proposition, for tho condemnation of Tract 90. The Senior Proctor rose and said-Nohis Procurai oribas non placet." Upon which tllWU ..ll.. U OLU111I ur l.UUIUU-UlU.11^ U1..1 hissing for somo minutes..-Tho proceedings then terminated.-Jilas, March 8. 