THE LAWS OF CRICKET. avtluzd md hevisi:d ny toe juiivleboie CLOU, JOKC 3, 1844. 1\. Tlie bull must weigh not less than fire ounces and a half, nor more than five ounces and tliree quarters. It must measure not l*ss than nine iucljes, nor more, (ban nine inches and one quarter in circumference. Al Ibe beginning of each innings eitber parly may call for a new ball. 2\. Tlie bat mutt not exceed four indies and one quarter in the wiliest part; il must not be more Ilian thiity-eighl inches iu length. 3 Tlie slumps musl be ibrce in number; (wetily-seveoiaclies out of (lie ground ; (lie bulls enjlil inches in length ; Ilie stumps of equal, and of sufficient thiukuesn to prevent the ball from passing through. 4\. Tlie lion-ling crease must be in a line with the slumps; sis feel eight inches in letujlli ; the slumps iu tlic centre ; will] a reluin crease ul each end towards the bowler ul right angles. 5\. Tlie popping crease musl be four feel from ibe nickel, und parallel lo 11; unlimited in length, bul not shorter iban the bowling crease. 0\. Tbc wickem must be pitched -opposite to each other by tlie umpires, at tlie distance of twenty-two yards. 7\. It shall not be lawful for either party during a match, without the consent of tlie other*, Io alter the ground by rolling, watering, covering, mowing, or beating. Thii rule is not neam io prevent the striker from beating the ground with iiis bat near to tlie epol where lie elands during ibe innings, nor to prevent the bowler from filling up holes wiih sawdust, &c;, when ihe ground shall tie wet. 8\. After rain (be wickets may be changed with the consent of both parlies. S. The bowler chall deliver the ball tvilh one loot on the ground Delimit tlie bowling crease, and within die return crease, and shall hovl four balls before be change nickels, which be shall be permitted to do once only in Ihe same innings. 10\. Tlie ball must be bowled. If ithellirown or jerked, or if tiie band be ubove Ibe shoulder in the delivery, tbc umpire musl call ' no ball ' 11\. He may require tlie striker at the wicket from which he is howling to stand on that side nf ll urliii.li lio mav llimpl IS. If the bowler toss the ball over the striker's head, or bowl il so wide that il shall be out of distance to be played at, the umpire (even al though be attempt lo bit il) shall adjudge one ran to the parties receiving the innings, eillicr wiih or without an appeal from them, which shall be put down to iho 6core of ' wide balls ;' and such ball shall not be reckoned us any of the fuur balls. 13\. If the bowler deliver a 'no ball' or a 'wide ball,' the sinker shall be allowed us many runs as be cim gel, and lie shall not be put out except by running oul. In the event of no run being obtained by any other means, then one run shall (wadded lo lliescoreof' no balls,' or ' wide balls,' as (he case may be. All runs obtained for ' wide bulls ' lo be scored to ' wide balls.' 14\. At the beginning of eacti innings the umpire film)} cull 'play;' from that ifmeYollie end of each innings no trial ball shall be allowed lo any bowler. Id. Tile striker is out if cither ofllie bails be botvled off, or ifo slump be bowled oul of the ground. 16\. Or, if the ball from ihe stroke of the bat, or hand, bul not the wrist, be beld before il much ihe ground, alilmugli it be hugged to tlie body of ihe catcher. 17 Or. if in striking, or at any oilier time while Ihe br.ll shall be in play, boll, bis feet shall be over the popping crease, and Ins tviekct put down, except his bat be grounded wiihin il. 18\. Or, if in sulking si ihe ball he Ml down bis wicket. 19\. Or, if under pretence of running, or olher wise, cill.cr of ihe sinkers prevent a ball from being caught, the stiiker ofllie ball is out. 90 Ur, if ihe bull be struck, and he wilfully strike il again. 21\. Or, if in running tlie wicket being struck down by a throw, or by Oie band or arm (with jail ill blinds, before bis bal fin hniid^ or srnnp part of Iris person be grounded over the popping crease. Bul if boll] tlie bails be on', a stump must be struck oul of the ground. 22\. Or, if any pan of the striker's dress knock down the wickcl. 23\. Or, if ihe sinker (ouch, or take up Jhe ball while in play, unless at the request of the opposite parly. 24\. Or, if wiih nny part of his person lie stop the ball wliich in (lie opitiioa of the umpire at the bowler's wicket shall have been pitched in a straight line from it lo the striker's wicket, and would have lul il. 25\. If the players hove crossed each other, he Ihat runs for the wickel which is put down 26\. A ball being caucht no run shall be recloiied. 27\. A striker being run oul, lhal run which be and bis pinner were attempting shall not be reckoned. 28\. If a lost ball shall be called, die striker shall be nlloived sii runs; bul if more than six shull have been run before lest bull shall have been called, then the striker shall have all which Im.-eb-cnrun. 29\. After llie ball shall Imve been finally settled in ibe wicket keeper's or bowler's hand, it shall be considered dead : but nhen the bowler is about lo deliver the lull, if the striker « Ilia wiiko £u outsme tlib popping crease before sucb actuul delivery, llie said bowler may put him out, unless (wiih referei ce lo .be list law) bis bal in band, or some pan of his person be within ibe popping crease. 30 If the striker be hurt be may reure from his wicket and rclurn lo it at any lime during 31\. If ihe striker be hurt, some oilier person may siaud oul for him, bul uol go in. 32\. No subsliluto in llie field shall be allowed (o bowl, keep wicket, sland at the point, over Hie poml, or slop behind in any case. 33\. If any fieldsman stop the ball with bis bal, the ball shall be considered dead, and the opposite parly shall add five runs lo their score; if any be run, they shall have five in all. 34\. The ball having been hil, llie striker may guard bis wickel wilb Iiis bat, or wiih any part of iiis body, except his bands ; thai the 23rd law may nol be disobeyed. 35\. The wicket keeper shall nol take the ball for the purpose of stumping until it have passed iliewicku; be shall not move till the ball be out of the bowler's hand ; tie shall not by any noise incommode we slrlKer; ana n any part ol his person be ovci or before llie wicket, although llie ball hit it, the striker shall not be out. 36\. Tlie umpires are sole judges of fair, or unfair ploy ; and all disputes shall be determined by them, each ut his own wicket; but in case of a catch which the umpire at the wicket bowled front, cannot see sufficiently to decide upon, he may npply to llie other umpire ; whose opinion slmll be conclusive. 37\. The umpires in all matches shall pilch fair wickets, and the parties shall toss up for the choice of innings. 38\. They shall allow two minutes for each striker lo come in, and ten minutes between each innings. When the umpire call 'play,' llie parly refusing lo pluy shall lose the diatcli. 39\. They ate not to order a striker out unless appealed to by the adversaries. 40\. But if one of the bowler's feel be nol on tlie ground behind the bowling crease, and wiihin the return crease when he shall deliver the ball, ihe umpire at his wicket unasked must call 'no ball.' 41\. Ifeiiherof Ibe strikers run a ebon run, the umpires must call ' one Ebort.' 42\. No umpire shall be allowed lo bel. 43 No umiiin? is In lip rii&nowri; Hnrinir n match, unless n-iilt (lie imnciil W bolli ponies, except in case of violation or the 42nd law; then either parly may dismiss the transgressor. 44\. After the delivery of four balU, the umpire musl call ?? over;' but not until llie ball shall he finally settled in the wicket keeper's or bowler ? hand ; the ball shall llien be considered dead ; nevertheless, if an idea be cnlerltiined that either of the strikers is oul, a quesliun may be put previously to, bul not after, ibe delivery of the next bell. 45\. The umpire musl lake especial care lo call 'no ball' instantly upon delivery ; 'wide ball ' as soon as ever il shall pass the striker. 4G. Tlie players who go in second shall follow ihcir innings, if they have obtained one hundred runs less than their antagonists. 47\. When one or ihe .-Inkers shall have been put out, the use of the bat shall not be allowed touuy pciBon, unlil the neit striker shall come uurs roa siKcir. wicket. 1 . When Iberc shall be less llian live players on a side, bounds shall be placed twenty-two yards each ia a line from the off and leg stump. 2\. Tlie ball must be hit before llie bounds to pnlillc ib .' striker lo a run ; wliicb run cannot he obtained unless he touch the bawling stump, or crease in u line wnli bis liai, or some part of his person, or go beyond ihero ; returning to (he lopping crease as al s double ivicket, according io ihe 21sl law. 3\. When llie striker shall hit tlie ball, one of his feel must be on the ground and behind the popping crease, otherwise tlie umpire shall call 4\. When there shall be less than five players oh u side, neilher byes nor overthrows shall be allotvt-d, nor tliull ibe striker be cauglll oul behind wickcl, imp slumped out. 5\. The fieldsman must return the ball so that it shall cross the play between tlie wickcl and the bowling stump, or between ihe bowling stump and the bounds; the striker may run till (lie ball be so returned. 6\. After the striker shall have made one run, if he start .again be must touch the bowling ?lump aad turn before the ball shall cross the piny lo enlille him to anolher. 7\. The striker shall be entitled to tliree runs for lost ball, and the same number for ball stopped with hat ; with reference lo the 28th and 33rd law or double wicket. 8\. When there sliall lie moie than four players on a side there shall be no bounds. All bin, byei, and overthrows, shall (ben be allowed. 9\. The bonier i) subject lo (lie larhelawa as at double wicket. 10 Jtai moreilianonBtninutesliaUbeallowed between each ball. 1\. No bet upon any match is payable unless it he played oul or given up. 2\. U llie runs of one player be betted against those of another the bet depends oil tlie first innings, unless otherwise specified. 3\. If the bet be made on both innings, and one party beat the other in one innings, the runs or the first innings shall determine it. 4\. If Ibe oilier parly go in a second time Ibe bet musl be determined by the number on the score. Sensations of Starving.— I have never yet seen a treatise or dissertation upou starving to death— I can Bpeak feelingly of nearly every stage eicept llie last. For the first two days through which a strong and healthy man is doomed to exist upon nothing, his sufferings are pcrhnps more acute than in the remaining .stages — he feels an inordinate, unappeasable craving at Ibe stomach, night and day. Tlie jninJ runs upon lieef, bread, and other sub^ stantials; but still, in a great measure, ,tbe body retains i(s strength.! On tlie tktrd and fourth days, but especially on the fourth, this incessant craving gives place to a sinking and weakness of tbc stomach, accompanied by a nausea. The unfortunate sufferer still desires food, but with loss of strength be loses Uut eager craving which isfelt in tboearlicr stages. Should he chance to obtain a mbrsel or two of food, as was occasionally the case with us, lie sn-allon-s it witb a wolfish aviiity ; but five minules afterwards his sufierngs are more swallowed a living lobster, whtfi is crawling and feeding upon tbc very foundation of Jus existence. On the fifth day Iiis cheeks sud denly appear hollow and suulcn, bis body at tenuated, his colour an ashy rale} and his eye wild, gtassr, cannabalisb. l'bs different parts of the system now war witb each other. The stomach calls upon tbc legs Ho go witb it in quest of food; the legs, from very weakness, refuse. Tlw siitli day brings nitli it increased suucrings, nitnougu tue pangsoi Hunger are lost iu nu overpowering lunzoui and sicknere. The head becomes giddy — tlie ghosts of wcll remembered dinners pass in hidetus procession through the mind. The scventl day comes, bringing increased lassitude andfurtber pros tration of strength. The arms bang listlessly, the legs drag heavily. Tue desire for food is still left, to a .degree, but it must be brought, not sought. The miserable remnant of life which still hangs lo the euffereris a burden almost too grievous to be borne ; yet his in herent love of existence induces adesire still to preserve it, if it can be saved without a toi upon bodily cserlion. The mind yanders. At one moment be thinks his weary limbs cannot sustain him a mile — tbe next, be Is endowed with unnatural strength, and if there be a cer tainty of relief before him, lie dastcs bravely and strongly onward, wondering whence pro ceeds this neiv and sudden impulse.— KaidalCa KarratwcqfilieTexianSantaFeExpedition Hint to Scolding Wives.—' And I dare say you bave scolded your wife very oflea, New man,' eaid 1 once. Old Newman looked dotrn, and the wife took up the reply. ' Never to signify — and if he has I deserved it.' '' And, I dare say, if tbe truth were told, you bave scolded him quite as often.' ' Nay,' said the old woman, witb a beauty of kindness which can a wife scold her good man who has been working for her and her liule ones all the day ! It may be for a man to be peevish, for it is lie who bears the crosses of tiie world ; but who should make him forget them but his own wife i And she bad best for ber own sake— for nobody can scold much when tbe 6coldiog is all ou one Bide.'— Uulwcr's Student. Garrick in tlic Witness-box.— Dr. Johnson told us, that Garrick, though accustomed to face multitudes, was so disconcerted at a neR moile of public appearance, that he could not understand what was asked. It was a cause where an actor claimed a free benefit ; that is to 5fly a benefit without paving tbe expense of the house; but the meaning of the term was disputed. Garrick was asked, ' Sir, have you a free benefit!'' 'Yes.' ' Upon what terms have you it!' 'Upon the tlie terms of— a free benefit.' He wns dismissed as one from whom no information could be obtained. — BoswcWs Journal. Mutnmy Wlicat. — A few weeks 6iuce we had the pleasure of visiting the grounds of Mr. Reid, nuisery and seedsman, J)erry, and feel bound to add our tribute of admiration to the tasteful manner iu which they are laid out. In his garden, amongst otber curiosities which attracted our attention, n-e satv a quantity of Egyptian wheat in full car, and giving promise of an abundaut harvest, tbe seed of which was found in the folds of a mummy unrolled in 1840. For tbe benefit of those unac quainted with the characteristics of this wheat, we lake the following very accurate description of its peculiarities from our couteuiporary, the Verity Journal: — 'Tiie specimens of the Egryptiau bears a much larger and weightier ear than our common wheats, and have a proportionnury stronger stem or sulk. Tlic car itself is full six inches long, and is provided witb long atens or beards, like barley ; its breadth, taken diagonally, and iu ibe otber about °!ia]f au° inch ^It' Las! therefore, a somewhat quadrangular appear ance from the base till within one-third of its whole length from the lop, from -which, till iu terniiuntion, it resembles the ear of barley. But, iu our opinion, iu distinguishing peculia rity (which accounts for its great breadth) con sists in tlie disposition of tbe greatest portion uf the grain cartels,' or small cars, whicu lie so conipnclly and close to the main ear, that tbeir existence as separate ears is detected only by manipulation. The grain in size,-forin, con sistency, and colour, is similar to tbc produce of this country, and, from its being very pro lific, its cultivation well merits tbe attention of our best agriculturists.' — Northern Whig. 