CHAPTER II. It was. near that part of. Bloomsbury, . known', at. tha r. time of our history as the Long ; Fields^ that the unin habited tenements, owned; by Pepporcorn were, situated. They formed .a long, dismal lino of blackened [brick.V ,f This was' the custom, of John.,Elwes,r;wh.oi'.in-]thor- - . practic6,.dqubtleBS imitutedilsaao.Popperaornt urf ^..s.viuju Each, house, viowod by itself, with its uncurtained, cheer less windows, looked grim and desolate— an eyeless skull. Spidors wove their webs in the doorway, and the sparrows chirpod from tho smokeless chimncyY There socmed the curse of crime or law on the buildings: surely, some murder had been done there, — or, perhaps, the mortar was crumbling from the bricks, and tho rot was growing in the rafters, whilst justice weighed in her separate . scales tho claims of litigants to the wasting ruin. Such - ' must have been the thoughts of many a strungnr, startled by the cold and dreary aspect of the houses. There was nothing picturesque in their desolation, — tho passenger hurried by them, chilled with a feeling of discomfort. And yet at one of those houses, and of the most wretched, at tho time their landlord was dining with his attorney, a young man was knocking loudly for admission. Many and many a day had passed since such a sound had rung through the walls. Still the young man knocked, and at intervals looked upwards, as though to catch the faco of an inhabitant at a window. Tho door remained fust — not n soul was visible. The young man, with an air of impatience, quitted the door, and crossing some paces from tho house, again looked for a tenant. Ho looked in' Vain — still, resolved on his purpose, he again addressed himself to tho knocker. At length, weuriocl out, he turned from tho door, and observed, a few yards from him, a man, whose watchful yet composed air shewed him to have been some time a spectator. The appearanco of the looker-on contrasted strongly with that of the youth, in whoso deportment and manner wero tho indications of a gontlemun, though owing little to his dress for any courtesy that might befal him. Tho spy — if wo may be allowed to call him so — was oddly, nay, fantastically habited ; his dress being mado up of soverul pieces of faded finery, eacli benring a distant date to the other. In his person, the various fashions of the last hundred years mot, and wero reconciled. For tho wearer, he had a face that seemed as if it would be equally at case in brocade or in sackcloth ; a man either above or below tho shafts of fortune. ' Pray, Sir,' said tho young gentleman, — and wo may at once inform the reader that it was young Hyacinth, . Peppercorn's nopliew, who addressed himself to the man of odd garments ; ' pray, Sir, can you inform mo who dwells in that house ? ' ' .,' Have you kocked, Sir ?' asked tho follow in answer, ' half closing his eye, as if to sec through tho querist. ' ''Knocked! 1 have thundered,' replied Hyacinth. 1 'What then — you,' — and tho fellow lowored his voice ' to a confidential whisper, and familiarly took Hyacinth, by 'the sleeve — ' you have seen it.'' ? ? ? ?' ? 'It!' exclaimed Hyacinth— ' Jt ! I caught,1 as I believe, at one of the windows, the features of a gentle- : man, who ? ' ?? . ,. - 'A gentleman ? a soldier? Ha! sometimes it. does appear in regimentals. Kut I never heard of its showing itself so early. Ha, Sir! wo ought to mind 'what' we. do ' whllo we crawl upon tho earth — it must bo torriblo not to rest well when we're under it.' ??????: ? --.-..., ? ' My good man, I speak of tho person who, I prosumo, ' dwells in that house.' '? ' ''? '., ''?''''' ''''' 'Dwells!' and the man thrust his hands /into his ' pockets, and uttered a long whistle — ' walks, you mean. That houso 1 all tho houses : sometimes it appears at ono window, Bomotimcs at uuothcr.' ' Do you sneuk of some supposed apparation, or ? ' 'Supposed! Itoal spirits, I assure you. Why, look at tho houses, don't they seem like so many coffins 1' 'And aro they all uniuhabited 1' asked Hyacinth. ' .'Who do you think would live in 'em? There was'; old Guilders, tho Dutch money-lender — seven years ago ? ho went to livo thoro,' — and the man pointed, out a hoLtao,— ' well; he was loft alone one night, and next ' morning ho was found with his neck twisted on tho stairs, - and what's moro, his pockets turned inside; out!,,. A. shocking sight, I can tell you.' ' '' ? ' ? ''' : '.,/.' ,- , ; * 'Then tho' tenements are said to bo haunted ?',«nd, Hyacinth laughed. , ...'.' ' Said to be haunted ! Why there's a ghost on every , floor. Then, there was old Mugs, that hanged his son in-law for forging on him — he lived in that house And . there he walks through the rooms all night, and does ? nothing but writo his name in blue fire on the wainscots.' ' Humph ! I am somewhat disposed to become a , tenant, for all theso awful stories. Now, that house strikes my fancy— yes,' and Hyacinth, to the astonish ment of his hearer, pointed to the most desolate and ruinous of them ; — ' that house takes my fancy above all tho others.' ' Ha ! I sco,' and the man, with somewhat of an anxious look, sidled towards Hyacinth ; ' I &'ee you are fond of cymbals.' . 'Cymbals!' cried Hvacinth. . ' Well, if all's true, you'll havo enough of 'em in that, house. You sec. when it was last let, the black cymbal player of the puko's Guards, used to court the housemaid. Would you think it 1 She jilted him for tho drummer of tho same bund. The black couldn't swallow this, so ho. took arsenic. Well, every night — most respectable Keople, even two churchwardens, havo heard him — the Hack wanders from tho kitchen to the housemaid's, garret; and all tho way up the stairs, from tho bottom to. tho top, ho does nothing but play upon his cymbals. , Look at the windows, Sir, do you seo how many are smashed ? — that's the inubic.' ' Ha ! ha ! ha !' and Hyacinth continued to laugh, the man becoming graver at his merriment. 'Pray, my good ? ' ' Young man,' — and the individual who had been as communicative as Doctor Deo on the world of spirits, assumed a very serious, tone and air, placing his right arm under tho wido skirts of his faded coat, pulling hid hat over his brow, and marching up to tho very toes of. tho unbeliever — 'young man, I see you havo no. religion. Good day ;' and ere Hyacinth could repel tho accusation, the accuser walked rapidly from tlio spot. 'Thoro is a mystery in this,' thought Hyacinth; and. again looking up at thn house where he bad knocked, he muttered, ' I could swear it wus he.' Hyacinth paced irresolutely before tho door. Again he looked at the house, and, with a mournful smilo, sighed — 'And that house haunted!' Aroused from the reverie into which he-had lapsed, ho observed a strange man, as he thought, curiously eyeing him Tho appcaranuo of the inquisitor . by no means enhanced his attention. He was a thick, burly fellow, with his face literally set in a frnmo of bluck hair ; his eye, sharpened by cunning, was fastened upon Hyacinth, and his undcrlip, ourlea half-way .down, did. . not improve the expression of his countenance. When, however, he saw that ho was observed, he called up a ? look of vulgar assurance, and mot the approaoh of Hyacinth with porfect- unconcern. 'I think, my friend,' wild Hyacinth, ' like myself,1 , you seem struck with the desolate condition of the dtvol-.* lings before us ?' ' , ,'..'... ' ' Not a bit of it,' growled tho stranger ; ' I'm not ft... bit struck how — that's over.' - ? ', ?' i * 'Over!' -.-... ^ ' I was a little timcrsomo at first—because, you see, 1 always had to pass down hero to sco my mother hi I he- ? noxt street; but, after a' time, I used to say a short. . prayer, and tnk'o a pint of brandy. And thtn, 'whatever. , goblins WBro about, I tlidn't earo nnthing for *etp.. But,, this, you know, can't hnppon.to all of , us— we lir'n't all, ; ghbd moral folks.' And t!io speaker twitobed his, waisU , band; cocked bin hat, arid looked 'fiercely upon Hy'aeinthi'. ? 'Trub— .very truo. Then, ghosts, it seems, abound- in, , these houses ? ' ' ' ?'' ?f'Of .course.', Why, thoy weren't built for nothing hut I murder and robbery. Ghosts! you should hoar 'em scretch at night — 'specially when the wind's up.' ! 'And, since the ghosts have dwelt here, has no ono | tan found bold enough to vi»it them ? ' asked Hyacinth. , '0, yes! Thcro was a ship's carpenter from Wap ping, ono of the biggest men. you ever looked upon ; you see that room, there — woll, he went to sleep iu that houso I fora wager. Ho was never seen again.' ? 'Indeed!' I 'It's awful, but it's true : all search was made all over I Ike house for him, but there was nothing found but his ? 'bacco-stopper and his buttons.' I 'And there was no other evidence of ? ' I 'None at all; only this was remarked : tho rats in tho I house where the carpenter was, were a long time fatter I than them in any other. I wouldn't bo tho owner of I them houses for a little : for though I'm a poor man, with I only my profession ? ' I 'And what may that be?' courteously inquired I Hyacinth. . I 'Dancing- master,' confidently replied the man, to tho ? utooisbment of his querist. ' 'Tin a hard living, Sir, ? out it's en honest one, and meddles with the opinions of ? nobody. Good-bye, Sir, for it's getting duskish, and ? weyll be jumping the baby in a minute.' I ,.14-'PnlP'I'g tho baby ! What do you mean ? '. cried I ' Ha ! ' said tho man, shaking his head, with a look ? or compassion, in Hyacinth's face; 'that shows you aro ? » stringer. Why, at that top window, there's a wet ? »me all in whitu dandling a little baby in lonps.' ? 'And pray what story may be attached to that appa ? 'I don't know tho particulars, but everybody says it's I 'f^ ofp's--n. the more especially as tho nurse, for ono 9 'hole month in the year — 1 think it's (his month or the ? MJ«rl'06s nothing but stir a bason.' ? , Then what becomes of the bnby ! ' asked Hyacinth, ? J«n lh0 smile of a sceptic — n. sm'ile not lost upon tho ? 'inciDg-master, for ho gathered himself up, and making m »itg_we lrust not Q Bamp]o of |,ig professional grace ? ? 'eplied very coldly, having first passed the cuff of his M 2 ? i 'f085 llis Hps — ' My service to you, Sir ; I didn't m '™w I was talking to an athoist.' Saying which, the ? ''''g-master strided off in vohement disgust. M Ik J^lnl' toughed heartily at tho religious horror of S ie solj [-named professor, but speedily became serious as )? ' rellectod on the similarity of intelligence gathered M .v'?.™01- llis informants. The tales were; of course, in M *$l!-m ?f 'Snorance and superstition. And yet, why, m Sn,a[cvv-oars'BlloulJ houses; boforo respectably in [1 ffk ' become the deserted skoletons thov were ? SI I.'1''150 ln *h'oh ho wus born,— tho happy, comfortable m tii iT'?* now tll° more carcass of a dwelling — a large ?I Z d- Sti' thoughtful, he lingered near It, when a tl t11jaP.00rcri!)Ploont-TUtches, toiled by him. Hyacinth '1 iwVt i an° towards the houses, and was about to ;1 *„„',' tho Iamo man hurriedly prevented him. 'No -1 W ceimt stoP ' not ''ero— not hero !'? criod the !1 boicH I ? i' WM no bottcr» -»nd w-lh his best strength m Som. f ? ' rom n placo ho soemed to shudder at. 1 itiin | a^ln'tl0' held Hyacinth to tho spot j again and I &«,. okad nt tho housp' und thon paced before it, M „. „*',' ul'°' f'o oarth, and brooding in silence. Ho I 'Muni f.« 8tartIeU f?om th-8 mood by a rniddon nry of 1 -l«iJi !r i,,1'1. ' loolt*'B round, observed an old man m %»!'.? wU' donehod hands, gasping mouth, and start 1 i«n trl r , h0UBM- In a word, it was Isaac Peppor 1 «Aro i y Ul° B^e»-trB of tho Hyacinth estate. 9 ikilhp .5°iU urt,' 8ir ? oriod tho ''Phew, unconscious 1 »*liaW» 5r°'-e j llIS «nole.''to whoso 'assistance he im 1 Mhw I fUrr!tf; ,' Are y°u burt T ' ho.ropoatod. I um- for ljfo_for life !' criod Peppercorn, wildly. ? ' ?' Whoro, Sir — where ? ' nsked Hyacinth'. Pepperoornj . ? , ought in answer to hnvo put his hand to his pocket, but - he raised it to tho broken casement, at which, according , to the dunaing-master, tho spectra uct-nurso was wont . to fondle tho spectre baby. ' J*opk there — look at it L''. cried Peppercorn, in anguish at tho broken glass; ' look at it ! is n't it horrible »' 'I — I see nothing,' cried Hyacinth, confounded by the emotion of the old man, and, for a moment, shaken in his unbelief. - ?- 'Nothing! nothing!' screamed Peppercorn. 'Oh|_. oh! whnt a spectacle !' .??''?? ? .' Is it,' — llyacinth felt almost nshamed to put the ques tion;— ' U it in white ! Is there an infant ?' ' O Lord !' groaned Pe|i percorn, deaf to .Hyacinth,' and wrapt up in his own injuries, — «' (hero — there- there !' and his eyes wandered all over the. broken windows. ' Was evefr anything lilto it J What a crdslrj what a crash I' ? , »? Ere Hyacinth could reflect, tho ghostly image of the arsenii'-taking UlivcU presented itself to his mind, and , he1 unconsciously anked of Pepperoorn — ' la it cymbals ?. I hear nothing. ? . ' . 'And such a property too — such a property !' ex^.' ??. claimed Poppot-corn, iiisunsible to everything but tho dilapidations. 'Not one house let? Is n't it— is n't it ? shocking !' cried the landlord. ' How ninny families might be happy there — eh ?' and Peppercorn looked wildly at his nephew. . '?True, Sir, very true,' answered Hyacinth. 'Yet,: Sir, when we reflect on the futal influeuco of superstition, . wo cannot fuel surprised at tho deserted ruin before us.'* ~ ' Not surprised — not surprised ! ' cried Peppercorn, ? * rosenting tho opinion. ' Why not, Sir — why not ? '. ? ! ' Tho stories attached to the house; indeod, at first, I thought i/o it beneath the spell.' ' What stories 1 ' exclaimed /he landlord, waspishly, and thon lowering his voice, and with dofcrenco — 'what stories 1' .'The many horrors committed in the buildings. IJvery houae, if wo may bulievo popular, report, seems to have its tale of murder.' : r .' A lie. — a lie — a lio ! ' repeated Peppercorn, with earnest volubility. ' I'm strange to London, Sir — what ' do they say ? ' And the touched interest of tho rnlsor called up his civility. ' Toll me, Sir, what is it ? Murder! , where— whon } ' Hyacinth, somewhat amused by tho odd appcaranae, ' nnd fervent, anxious manner of tho landlord, in his turn became a complacent narrator of tliu torrors he had i listoned to. Tho ludiorous gestures of his hearer — tho ' desperate way in whioh he plunged hta hands into his pockets — tho droll ferocity of his countenance — and his - , freijuunt yet unsuccessful efforts at composure, rendered : t Hyacinth — despite his good-nature — a most elaborate, ? historian of horror than iiis original materials gavo him - warranty. ' You spoko of tnurdor, Sir, — woll, woll ?',' ? j and Peppercorn grinned as at n good jest. ,, ' Yes, Sir, only seven years ago ilia Dutch monoy londor lit that house — ho was found tnurdored on tho..i ?? staircase.' . ?? ' And only seven years ngo — ha ! ha ! — sorvp .him .,, ritfht.' Hyacinth started. ' What can people., expect - who don't pay their rent — seven years .ago ! — no ; no ? Dutchman ever paid a shilling for the premises,'* said ,t Peppercorn, with authority. i ?? . '. ,«i Instantly ajiBpocting that ho had found some / one acquainted with the concerns of the estate, Hyauinth lJ {irocecdod with his narrative,, bringing out ovonts into . -old rcliof with the liconso and ability ot an historian, - 'Thon, Sir, at that house — but you wrong tho Dutch- ; man, Sir; yos, upon my lifo you do; ho paid his rent — a year's rent — thp rpepipt was found, in his loft waiacoat, IlOCket.''!!: . .? ? -,.v-.ii ?l.\'-'x :, ?-'?? ; '': --?? :.''i (i -.!- ??-.' j: ? . ; Peppercorn drew himself upon liis toos with suppressed rage, and' muttered in his throat, ' That villain, Sheep skin ! Ilobbpd! Tlie receipt was found ? — I'm glad. of it, foe the sako of his poor soul. What a rase— well, - that house ?' . ???? Ha ! that was very awful ; and only three years ago A beautiful creature, poisoned by a former' rival, disj guis'ed as a wet-nurse. The innocent babe ? ' !', Three years ago,' interrupted Peppercorn; -'wa§ any receipt found there ? If not, Where's the hus band?' 'Oh, Sir! that completes the tragody. He was never heard of more, Sir. The last place ho was seen at was at the house of — of — I believe the agent ' to this jiroperty-r-I targot his name ? -?*?' **? Sheepskin, ' Clcment's-hin ??*' asked Pepporcorn, his ?eyes 'turning like lighted gloiv worms upon Hyacinth'. ''f: Sheepskin was the name,' said tho nephew, gravely: ' whore, like an honest man — for it is supposed lie imme diately after ' drowned himself — he went to pay bis arrears.' Peppercorn's arm moved up and down con vulsively, and bis mouth worked as if filled with dust, but he spoke not. ' And in that house, Sir,'' proceeded Hyacinth- — 'That will do — I 6hall go mad — that will do,' roared Peppercorn. Hyacinth', mistaking the causo of tho landlord's emotion, forbore to oppies-- him with tho relation of other terrors. However, the fearful cariosity of the raiser — his belief that ho had been cheated by 'his agent, many of the houses havihg'been let — pricked him onto further questions. ' ''Well, Sir — that house — was that murder, too V ' That, Sir, is a case of remorse. It was in, that houso that Mr. Mugs- ? ': '.What 1 Mugs, of Tower- hill, the ship-dealer— the— ho whoso nephew was ? ' ' An unfortunate ybuth,'- observed the compassionate Hyacinth. i ? ' A hardened, unfeeling rascal,' judged the rigid Peppercorn — ?'? made' his own undo hang him. Did Mugs live there 1' os.kod Peppercorn, as if ho bad now. arrived at the climax of all mortal guilt. Hyacinth answered, in the same key of' solemnity, 'Hues lived there. Ho is to bo seen ? -''? 'Well, there is one tenant !'? shouted Peppercorn, exulting that ho had caught Sheepskin in tho fact. ' ?' - ' His ghost ia to bo seen every night, with a pen filled with blue/flame,' said Hyacinth. .' Ghost ! Puh ! Ghost 1 Ha! ha! You don't believe * such lied ? Your can't believe such bubbles ?? — no,'— andi Peppercorn could sometimes pay a compliment,' — ' no, you don't look quite such n fool as that.' : ? ;.. ?- I 'am bound, Sir, lor your good opinion, roturned Hyaointh, gratefully. ' I own that reason rejoots suqh fables; and yet we cannot wholly divest ourselves of certain fears and shuddorings: in a word, it would' try ' the nerves of tho boldest man to pass even a night in; one of those houses.' ' ' - : ;? ?, ''Do you really think go ??'' asked Popporcorn, with now gravity. _ - ??:?.?' ' Unless' — and Hyacinth enjoyed thn suddon serlous noss of the sceptio — unless a man know Dutoh/andiaould converse with a midnight visitor.' To be'sure, if ho werb . ' Eartial to cymbals, that houso might be a bargain.; or ifi o'worb used to ladies in long clothes, that might not' be. i objectionable ; for tho spectres ? ' ? , i ' Do you know, Sir, what you aro about V inquired Peppercorn, with austere faco ; 'do you know 'that by such' roports you seek to ruin tho property— the hard* onrnod property of an honest man ? ? and do you know ' that' the landlord may punish- — -'? ' ' ' ? .-?':..?. V 'By the way,' interrupted Hyacinth, carelessly, M'Who is now the landlord t Nay, I wish to know.'' '???'? ? \ .' ? . 'Do you want a house V asked Pepporcorn, subduing .' 4*i' his f«co to smilei. ' Perhaps' about (o nj»rry—Ma( houso, now, for a family— 1—M ' ?????'' ? V: '?' '??'?' ' That house— you forget tho murder th»t I spoke of,' said the nephew. ? ' , ' .?. 1' T dare say that could be made richt,',1 observed Peppercorn. ' ? n ? ' ?' High! 1 Make a murder right !' and MjtoUth stared at the confidant look of (he speaker. ' ' To a tenant,' said Peppercorn. ?* Por tas^ftnce. (he house went at guineas ; if a murder has really beeq -jon» there, the landlord must say pounds.' ' ' ? 'But you have not told bio — who it the landtordf What kind of roan ?' asked ibo nephew. 'A very honest, liberal, excellent kind, ofnin^ name is Peppercorn ! ' said Peppercorn himself. * Tho villain !' exclaimed Hyacintli, in a tempest of rage, to the utter consternation of its object. ' 8o-4-Jiey have passed into hit hands » ' ' Do — you — know — the— the — gentleman !?' P«PJ*? com ventured to ask, in a voice reduced to a whiter. 'They were his sister'a houses— his younger ?mtyrt. Her husband mortgaged them to— and they have flJIffl— into hit hands 1 ' and the speaker hid his face,, poiseWar by some strong emotion. Then, recovering himself, \p addressed his fii^htenod uncle. ' You, Sir, I premme, are the landlord's friend, or — ? — ' :«Hia friend j7' and Peppercorn drew hhnself up— 'hn early, constant, and intimate friend.' Hyaointh raised his arm towards the houses, and lookeq full in tho working, withered face of tlie owner. ?M*y , desolation hang upon their waHs— may they be-o««tt« ; haunt . of wrctchos ' as vile and worthless, as the wretch ) who. owns thorn — may they become the misar's curto-i . bis torment — bis remorse ! ' And with bis hearty wj»i ; uttered in a tono of thrilling earnestness,, the ne^bf'*' 'e-' ? his ancient unolo. .' After somo time, Peppercorn cams to a seme or bij - loneliness. He stood, his feet grown to the earth.; «t ; length he looked from side to side for his Y«hcment,cotp? ; panion, and breathed more freely, finding him gone. He. ' turned towards tho house* — his neart'sank, but in pulhne i forth a bunch of keys, each labelled with the numty*oj k tho dwelling, ho pulled out his tavern-bill. In an -nst*M | ho shrunk from tho tales of horror he he*d listened l^i J but a glimpse 6f- tho iavorn document oalied back IM a errant spirits. Ho was beset by ghosts, but bq tlnWI' d oE the charge for bod } 'and, like a wise, worldly row, l-« ij triumphed over- tho assault of superstition by the force ot |1 a shilling, ' j| Peppercorn selected bis lodging — with nmoh Iwouf jj turned tho. look — and forced open the unmusical door. |l As tho hingo squeaked, the rats within «l!'«5k?d^1' 3 answer, a welcome to a long-absent landlord. ?'erei~j1' -a passenger— for it waB growing dusk— might have mm'™;. M at two or threo of tho casements, odd, grotesque he^dj |l popping forth, wondering at the aspect of' the mysterious m visitor. . However,. Isaac' Pepporcorn is '*afchopjo,' J 