IIOBART TOWN NEWS; Melancholy Occurrence. — We copy the following melancholy occurrence from the Advertiser at yesterday : — 'On Tuesday, Mr. Peet, _ District constable at Kangaroo Point, to his death under the following melancholy circum stances. At about ten o'clock in the morning, the deceased walked from his cottage to the police office, the erections being at some distance, from each other. He sent a constable ibr some butter, on receiving which he desired the con stable to lend him the steel ramrod from his piece, stating that the ball in liis own gun was not driven home, as the ram rod was only of wood, and not suffi ciently strong. The steel ramrod hav ing been given to Mr. Peet, he shortly afterwards returned it, stating that he thought the ball was home now. The constable left the deceased in a small room attached to the offlc, and in a few minutes afterwards heard the report of a gun. On retiming he found Peet lying on the floor, the life-blood gush ing out from a dreadful gun-shot wound in the left breast ; — his gun was lying near his feet, and near the gun the' wooden ramrod. He expired almost immediately. Information was distantly sent to the police authorities here, when J. Price, Esq., police magistrate, ac-1 companied by Mr. Morgan, ehief con stable, immediately proceeded to make inquiries on the spot. We further learn on minute inquiry, that a. memorandum was found in the pocket of deceased to the purport following, although we do not profess to give the words verbatim : — " 1 am dying of grief; my heart is breaking; my body will be found some where over the hills — God kuowp where." Mr. Peet was only recently married, aud no cause can be assigned for the rash act. Since the above was in type; we learn that an inquest on the body has been held before Mr. Schaw, coroner for the Richmond District, and a verdict returned to the effect that de ceased shot himself when in a state of temporary insanity, but from what cause produced did not appear to the jurors.J Accidents on the River. — On Satur day morning, Slay 31, an accident, which nearly proved fatal, happcued to M r. Talley , assistant h arbo u riuas tcr o f th is port, lie was piloting the Scout over the the bar, on her way to Port Phillip, and while sluuding on the rail of the bul warks at the bow of the vessel, giving directions, his foot slipped, and he fell in the water. A boat was towing at the stern of the vessel, and the man in charge rowed to liis assistance, and pulled him in very m,uch exhausted. He was taken to his residence, and medical aid was immediately sent for. On pro per remedies being administered, he was in a day or two so far recovered as to resume his duties. On the evening previous to, this accident,, the cook of the brig Swan was walking, when the worse for liquor, along a plank leading from the wharf ' to his ves3el and he overbalanced himself and tumbled into the water. The tide .was high at the time and running very strong, and as no one was near or saw him fall in, he owes his life under. Providence to his being an excellent' swimmer. The: fright somewhat sobered him, and lie contrived to get on. board" in "safety. This is tlie same' vessel, our readers will recollect, that poor Russell, the baker, two liights before fell from and was drowned: Trade and Commerce. — Extract from private letters, dated London, 18th and 25th January : " The Renown's wheat, about 1,000 quarters, sold at 54s. and 56s., the Amwell's 55s. The Gazelle's is not out yet. I have, some reason to believe the representations made to Go vernment of the injustice of 5s. duty on your grain, have produced- an effect, and it is highly probable the ministry will themselves place your grain and Canadian on the same duty (Is.) at a very early day in the next session. Our wool sale commences on the 30th inst. ; the quantity will bo about 10,000 bales colonial, and 1,500 Cape. Prices arc sure to go well, the manufacturers being short of wool, and advices having reached us of an additional rise in German wool, they are contracting for next clip at 10 to 15 per cent., above last fair's prices, and they are working up their own wools. Oil is a shade down, but good southern is still worth £32, and sperm £82 10s. to £83 10s., whafebone commands just now a high price, £260 per ton.. General business i3 good, and money cheap. The banks are discounting at 2A per cent. — Laun- ceston Examiner. ' " \- Trafficking in Wives. — The harbour of Hong Kong was generally very crowded with Chinese native craft. The gayest and most highly-decorated boats which arrived at our port were those which brought from Canton a mercan tile commodity very commonly trafficked in by the Chinese. These were youug ladies who were bant upon the specula tion of marriage, being brought from the. exuberant population of the interior "towns to supply this dsfiHeh'atriongst ' the numerous settlers who had come from the continent to our new colony, so many of every trade and occupation having already flocked in vast numbers to the island. These boats arrived with drums and gongs beating and colours flying, generally coming to an anchor immediately under my own window. Tea tables were soon arranged, and the young ladies, from twenty to forty in number, arrayed in iheir smartest jackets and trousers, might be seen endeavour ing to bewitch those visitors who flocked to the boats. I was informed that the price, generally speaking, averaged from one - hundred to tVro hundred dollars ; the greater portion of which money was transferred to the mother of the young lady, a due proportion being charged for the expenses attendant upon the .voyage, together with commission, &c.; upon the bargain. I have known in stances of some of the natives of India becoming purchasers ; but, in that case, they would only obtain the refuse of the community. Upon one occasion a hit- mutgar, or table servant, a native of Bengal, complained to me aud entreated my interference, stating, that he had entrusted a friend of his own, who liad gone to Macao, with one hundred dollars, all his savings, for the purpose of buying him a nice, comely wife ; but, when she arrived, she by no means an swered the description given of her, being too short and too old, and by no means a one hundred dollar wife, but not more than a thirty dollar one, when, much to his grief as well as his surprise, he only got laughed by me for his pains. — Captain Conynyhame's Recollections. Adventure with a Boa- Constrictor. — Captain C , of H. M; 84th Foot, was one of the most indefatigable sports men I ever met with, and the entire of liis time that could bo spared from regimental duty was passed in the jnnglc3. He was a man of vast personut strength, could undergo any degree of fatigue, in short possessed a perfectly iron constitution. His habits too were anything but lux urious — a single attendant, carrying a rifle of large bore, a small carpet to sleep on, a limited stock of linen, and a good supply of ammunition, accom panied the sportsman, who pursued his game by. day, and at night sought shelter in some village, perfectly careless as to his accommodations ' in the way of food or lodging ; his beverage being moreover the simple element, for he never carried with him supplies of any kind, trusting his commissariat aid to Providence aud rural hospitality, lu this manner Capt. C— became well known to the natives of the country in every direction where sport was to be obtained; he was sufficiently acquainted with their lan guage to make himself understood, and the kindly simplicity of his manner at tached them to lib person, and many of them have indeed been known to walk mile3 to give him early information of large game which were his favourite objects of pursuit. Captain —was thus quite " at homo" in the AVynaud J ungle and great Western Ghauts, where he probably brought to bag single- handed- more head of .large game- elephants, bisons, tigers, and the, like— than any Other man ever did before, or ever will again in India. When upon one of these excursions, Captain — happened to be passing the night at a small village in the AVynaud Jungle, when a ryot, who had been out very late searching for a stray bullock, came to tell him of a large cheetul. or spotted deer,' which he had . watched, to its lair. .He had also heard from the village that a huge snake had been several times in that neighbourhood. He started ac cordingly after his game at daybreak, accompanied by the villager and a fa- vonrite dog, which rarely left his heels unless ordered. After proceeding about half, a mile through very dense jungle, and being as the villager supposed near the spot where the Cheetul had laid down, Captain C— — — of a sudden missed his dog, and hearing a rustling in the brushes about ten yards off, ac companied by a whimpering noise, lie turned in that direction, and saw what he at the first glance took for a.tiger,. from its colour, a mixture of black and brown, but soon discovered what the monster really was — a huge enormous Boa Constrictor, which had seized poor Juno, and was at the moment crushing her to atoms in its terrible coils. The native who was with him saw what it was likewise, and immediately fled. Captain C-— — -afterwards described the appearance of the reptile when thus coiled round his dog, as somewhat re sembling a barrel, every portion in violent muscular motion, and he distinctly heard the bones of the poor animal crack in succession within its terrible embrace. At last the monster raised its head and fixed two glaring eyes on Capt. C , who of course took to flight, but so thick was the jungle, that he found the animal gaining on him, frome the noise it made amongst the brushes ; and therefore sought shelter in a tree, re loading the gun with all possible expe dition. Whether the reptile followed him by sight or smell he could not judge, but Captain G was only just prepared for a second discharge, when the Boa reached the tree and in stantly twining itself round the stem would have soon seized him, but fortu- nately at the next shot-he bIew.out.both its eyes with a charge of BB ;— yet I though the snake appeared for a moment stunned,, it still continued its efforts to reach him, until by repeated shots it was incapacitated from rising, not though till Captain C — had completely emptied his powder flash ; and he even did not venture to descend, as the rep- tile continued coiled round the tree, oc casionally by a muscular movement mowing that its vital -powers were not yet totally extinct. At length, after some hours' solitary confinement on liis perch, and shouting until he was hoarse for aid, Captain C had the sa tisfaction to see a number of villagers arrive, by whom the monstrous animal was soon completely destroyed. Captain C- had unfortunately no means of accurately measuring its length ; but by a piece of stick, which the natives said was a cubit long, and he declared that it measured upwards of thirty of these, and was much thicker than' one of his own thighs, which were of a make that would have well become the leather Jic-for-shames of any Lite-guards man ! The iiead of the boa was cut oft' by his ui lima uuu sen i io iue nonoraDie ivir. Cole, then resident at Mysore, aud its enormous jaws still may possibly be in existence at the Mysore Residency. — Madras United Service Gazette. As the Kilrush Repealers, with their band, were coming up to Limeriek on Wednesday morning, one of the ban ners attracted the attention of the Cy clops, and the. packet was at once hailed, ordered round, her paddles stop ped, aud herself boarded by the lieute- tenant commanding, who minutely in spected the little boat to the no small annoyance of the passengers. The boat was delayed one hour by this absurd ex hibition. — Evening Freeman, A correspondent of the Evening Mail asks if the police were officially or other wise employed in collecting the tribute, on Sunday last, as he says he observed on that day, on the board of the police station, at Irish-town, on which it is usual to post notices only, the follow- announcement : — " This is the O'Con- nell Tribute-day for the present year," which was displayed in large characters covering the entire board, Mounjoy, the pedestrian, accom plished some extraordinary feats m St. Poter's-gardens, in this city, on Monday afternoon ; but, owing to the unfavour- ableness of the weather, the attendance was not numerous, lie ran one mile, walked one mile forward, and one mile backward, trundled a hoop one mile, wheeled a barrow half a mile, hopped 200 yards, picked up forty eggs with his mouth, a yard apart, and dropped them into a pail of water without break ing them, -and jumped over 20 hurdles, the last ten with an egg in his mouth. — . Canterbury Journal, Extent of the Solar System,— The mind fails to form an exact notion of a portion of space so immense ; but some faint idea of it may be obtained from the fact, that, if the swiftest racehorse ever known had begun to traverse it at full speed, at the.time of the birth of Moses, lie would only, as yet have ac- complishcd.ha!f his journey.— Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation. . A Hornet's Nest no Joke. — I have seen six companies of infantry, with a -. train of artillery and a squadron of horse all. put to the route by a single nest of hornets, and driven off some miles with all their horses, mid bullocks.. ,.Th6 ofr fleers generally sajiejheraselv.es by keep- ing within tlieir tents and creeping un der their bedclothes or their caiqiets ; and . servants often - escape by covering themselves up in tlieir blankets and ly ing perfectly still. Horses are often stung to a state' of madness, -iu: which they throw themselves over precipices and break their limbs or kill themselves. The grooms, in trying to save their horse3, are generally tiie people who suffer most in a camp attacked by such an enemy. I have seen some so stun" as to recover with difficulty ; and I be lieve there have been instances of peo ple .not recovering at all. In such a frightful scene I have seen a bullock sit ting and chewing the cud as calmly as if the whole thing had been got up for his amusement 1 The hornets seldom touch any animal that remains perfect ly still.— Colonel Sleemans East India Rambles. ' . A Ghost . Story,— Some years have now passed since the son of a merchant in the west of; England had occasion to make a voyage to North America, for the settlement of some aftairs witli that foreign branch of the house, leaving a sister in delicate health, but not abso lutely an invalid at home. He arrived safely, and was received under the roof of his brother, who managed the busi ness in America. A few days after his arrival he made his appearance at the breakfast table with an aspect so wo be- gone and haggard that his brother was alarmed : — " You are not well," said lie; "what is the matter?" "Nothing: I am quite well in body." " Then, bro ther, something lias happened : do not conceal it from me." There was a pause; and then the elder born, lookino- steadfastly in his brothers face, said, " Mary is dead : I saw her last night !"' "Our sister?" "Yes." In vain did the younger brother reason with the el der upon the folly of giving way to such delusions. The solemn reply was, 'She j is dead, I saw lie'r and'Vpoke with lier ! at half-past twelve last night.' Find- 1 ing all remonstrance vain, the younger | noted the time, not with any belief in I the fatal announcement; but for the purpose of hereafter convincing his bro ther of the absurdity of yielding to such melancholy impressions. vThe business which led the older brother abroad hav ing been transacted, he returned to En gland ; and when the ship that brought him home came to anchor, his father's boat, in which was an old servant of the family, came alongside: he was in mourning. " How are my father and mother?" hastily inquired the son. " Master and mistress are quite well, sir, but — " You need not go on ; my sister Mary is dead : she died on the — th" — naming the night and hour. And it was so. — Hoods' Magazine. American Cajidles. — The late impor tation of American candles by the New York packet ship England, at Liverpool said to be a novelty at that port, is not so at the port of London. For a con siderable time past the London and New York line of packet-ships" have ucen in uic imuuui unugmg large quan tities of American composition candles,' which on being lauded are immediately placed in bond for exportation; Seve ral ships which lately sailed from Lon don for india, China, and other ports,; were supplied with some description of candles, aud the importers, after paying freight, 2d. per lb. A fair English danscusc, whose abili ties and personal attractions have ren dered her a formidable rival to the fo reign artistes who are now engaged at Drury-lanc theatre, was not forthcoming, on Saturday, when called upon to sus tain her part. Report says that the fair ' one, with a gallant captain, lias pro ceeded on a pilgrimage to Gretna. Landlordism in Ireland. — Mr. Car- den, of Barnanc, is obliged to have the persons who are digging his potatoes protected by a strong escort of police. The labouring men. are getting ,at the rate of 2s. 6d. ; the women Is. 4d. per . day, with " board." — Leinster Express. Mr. Charles Kafitte, the eminent French capitalist, has arrived in Lon don. We understand the-.object of this gentleman's visit relates to matters con nected with the French loans, and t.o facilitate the communications between France and Belgium. — Standard. The respite of death to Edmund Con way and Patrick Lynch, for the murder of the llev. Charles Dawson, will expire on Wednesday, the 27tli inst. The ' cause of stay of execution grew out of the removal of one of the jury' from the crown to the criminal court for exami nation as a witness, and prisoners coun sel raised thereon a point of objection. Limerick Chronicle. 