CHAPTER II. Lauuenob Marvedi was a man of gold. His boyish practices and Bhifts had been those of a misor. He vra» now upwards of sixty, of an infirm constitution, but of immense worldly possessions. ~ As he grew older, his passion for wealth absorbed every feeling, every senti ment, every hope, every fear, savo one, tho fear of death; and this dreud ho ever sought to escape from, by retreat ing to the contemplation of his hoards. He would al most persuade himself of tho impossibility of death striking him amidst his treasures. Poor wretch ! he had, through lifo, seen nothing beyond a guinea, and could not now look forward. lie had had no sympathy wita men; with his money-bags he had mado a 'wall between his heart and them ; and ho shuddored, and could hardly suppress a howl, as he thought of tho common doom that would involvo him, nakod, shivering, stripped of his privilege, with his kind. It was this horror of the grave, that made him anxiously avoid the sight of all types of mortality ; that made him forbid his ncico and house keeper to breatho a word of death. His apothecary, taking tho cue, showed no nioro knowlcdgo of death than if holiad been to him tho greatest stranger. Now and then, his niece, gathering her information from tho newa papor, would speak of a Russian peasant — it must be the paternal softness of tho government that induces people to live so long in Russia — who had just died at a hundred -and ninety. On this, a slimy smile would streak the fan* of, Marvedi, who, however, would soon relapse into melancholy, pathetically declaring that, ' Russia was not England !r- ' Thero ! — that bell — there again — new churches ! ugh 1' cried the man of wealth, and he claspod his hands, and set his teeth, and his back was bowed like a hoop, and he rocked from side to side in his arm-chair, as tho passing-bell told tho talc of death. Mr. Marvedi had, for thirty years, dwolt in a house far romoved from ——the iound of Use church. going bull ; when it pleased the functionaries, vested with that solomn power, to build within a few furlongs of hia residence ? sacred temple. Marvedi rarely stirring from bis homo, was altogether ignorant of tho goodly work, until the bell assured him it was done. Tho miser was immediately resolved ; he would flee from tho spot ; ho would bury himself whoro his ears Bhouid not roceivo tho horrid warning. Somo preparation was, however, nocessarv; and, in the moan time,. ho wob tortured almost daily by the knoll of death. Ho .would sit and gasp in silence ; and, with his bony hands, clutch tho arms of tho chair ; aan'd his eyes would wander round tlio room, as if watching -something ; and then he would try to smile, when the 'bell would seem to strike. upon his heart, and he would ' -shrink like a slave from the uplifted scourge. . It was a frightful sight' to-seo the old man thus, with his sinful soul IWroin his- face. He would sit, and, until. the bell ? ceased, howl and mutter — ' Another. ! — and rich they say, — with half a million, perhaps, and to die — Lord?! Lord! 'to loose all — to be no longqr. prayed to — to enjoy no more 'law ; but to be nailed up — thrust into a hole — and then ?the judgment !' — and here his locked 'hands would shake as with a palsy, and his speechless lips would move, and Iib- would sit possessed by his conscience. It was little more than an hour after one of 'these' (its ? of Marvedi, that Mr. Hopely, the doctor, raado his morn- . -ing -call. We must, howovcr, premise, that his_ visits were ostensibly paid to Mi6s Fanny, tho. rich man's, neice, Marvedi never consenting to beliovo that he himself was ? in want of medical advice, though every day he indirectly obtained it from his professional visitor. In this delusion ho obstinately remained. to the last ; dying, in the end, *. with only the most dalicato hint, on the .part of Hopely, of his probablo- indisposition. When Marvedi was m ?articido mortit, Hopoly allowed that ho might be a little poorly. ? ?'?(*o6U-morning, Mr. Marvedi-; good-morning, sir; 'ha! ha! never saw you looking battor,' said the coura- ' geous Mr. Hopely, staring in the slate-coloured faco of 'the miser, and then pursing his mouth and raising' hia ?? oye-browg, as ho: caught tho eye of .Fanny. 'Bjo you- think so, Mr. Hopely:? Do you roally think so?' cried Marvedi whiningly, wishing to be cheated. 'Think so! why, -you're like an oak, Mr. Marvedi.; a handful, of winters is nothing to you. And your pulso' — Mar-vodi was about to twitch his wrist from the hand -of' tho lecturer— 'delightful!' Marvedi held his' wrist still ; 'bo regular — so-sound — the music of robust hoalth. ?I have no doubt, -at your .age, Nestor had exactly the same pulse.'' . . ? 'Who was ho.?' asked the unlettered -Plutus. ' Whet oh, an extraordinary man — lived a long time ?ago— -but didn't dio till he was eix hundred,' said Hopely, at a venture. ' . |' Ha.! ithe world has Badly changed, Mr. Hopely. Life was .something' in tho time of JVfothusaleh,' sighed Marvedi, 'Tho truth is, Mr. Marvedi, men insist upon 'killing thomselveB ; othcrwiso, and Jam religiously persuaded of the fact, any man, beginning with a fine constitution — a 'constitution liko your own for instanco' — Marvodi cleared 'his throat, and tried to straiten his back — ' might live to .a .thousand. All depends u.pon a -wise item ?poranoe.' 'VI was novor a glutton,' interrupted Marvedi, folding ?his hands upon his broast. ? ' ? ' A wiso temperance end a skilful doctor; not, under stand me, to debilitate with -3rugu, but to sweotcn tho .jmcoB— to, comfort with -cordials. By the way, I have given the Arabian elixir to Fanny, three times a day, an 'before. Thero is, .nothing- likotemneranao for Jong life, look at Thomns Parr:; blofianie'! it/s very odd— I never remarked it before — you bear a' great resemblance to the jnoturoof Parr.' ??'Wbat! old, Parr?' asked Marvedi, with a grim smllo. . . ... ? 'The same ; the man who lived to upwards of a hun dred and fifty-two.. Lot me considor ; yes, ho saw out ten kings and queens. ' I have soon out three,' Bald Marvedi. »lhon you have seven more to come,' said tho pre cise and enpouraging apothecary. 'Very singular, that I should not remark it before. Yes ; the general ex pression of the bead — tho ample forohead — and tho groat po^or Indicated in tho jaw. I have no doubt, wore a comparison possible, that you and 'ho would be found— -' ' What'havb you there, -Fanny!' suddenly asked the counterpart of Thomas Parr. ' Oil! a present .from Mr. Hopely,' said tho niece, fondling a -parrot, which, we may as well inform tho rqader, was the bird of 'ill omen, 'banished, for its un timely truths, from :the house of the law-maker. Mr. Hopely purchased it of a Jew, with whom Mrs. Phocion had oxchanged it for a figure in Nankin china. ':Parrots !' exclaimed Marvedi, leering discontent. 'Oh! a charming bird, uncle:: sings all sorts of lively tunes' — such. ran the warrantryof the Jo w — ;' and whis tles ' Life let us cherish' liko a Christian.' The cheer- ~ fulness of tho parrot's taste was not lost upon. tho man of wealth, who tacitly admitted the bird to his hospitality. 'It's not a squalling, shrieking, noisy wrotoh, with nothing to say for itself ; but, as 1 am assured, a bird of capital education. You'll find it qtiito a companion to you; and as it is very young, and parrots live to a great ago, I'm sure,' and hare Mr. Hopely took his hat, and shook' Marvedi's hand r 'I'm sure, you'll — extraordi- nary -.pulse — admirable \pulse — you Ml bo -last friends for tho next fifty years.' Saying which, Mr. Hopoly and Fanny quitted the room, to enjoy a conversation. in which, doubtless, the .health-of Mr. Alar vedi. formed tho princi pal subject. Days passed on, and not a word was spoken, nota note whistled by tho -parrot— Tiko a prudent- alderman, it filled its belly without saying anything. It was a. cold, blus itcring night in Deoomber, whon Mr. Marvedi satin his iroom — a room not to be approached by tho profane of his .household under the .heaviest penalty. Ulio apart :ment was almost filled with chests, bronzes, and pictures. There was an antiquo cabinet, studded and clasped with 'finely wrought brass, containing a vast treasure in tii'Wt) anfi.jiowels. iFronv this Marvedi nad .taken several. cases of diamonds, and now-sat, gloating over their light, -made more piercingly brilliant by tho gloom of the muckthrift's den. He sat and passed Ins. fingers ovor the gems, and, as if communing with sensible objects, 'in the imbecility of -his soul chuckled end prattled .to thorn. 'Whati leave you! no — no — no!! never — never:! my darlings! ray pretty ones! ' and ithe miser prossed the diamonds to his blue i lips. ' Ha! ha! let kings keep their fighting men. Are not 'these tho best ot guards, tho surest defenders, whioh no treason can corrupt, no rebellion ? debase:; which, banished from one land, lose nothing by -.their exile:? 'lla'i ha'!' and Marvodi clapt his hands at * ithe jjewels and the heaps of gold before him: 'these, -these are the old man's valiant body-guard, his truest soldiers! I feel stronger as I look at 'em. Hopoly was right; I have many, many years to como; tut! lam but. sixty-five ; many; many years — i-'.' : -i 'Ooitiff!' rang' a high, pnssionloBB voico through tho room'. ?''Ha.!' cried the man of gold; and his fingers, liko the claws of a vulture, instinctively pounced upon tho jewels. ' . ??'?? : 'Going at sixty -five ! ' w.as uttered, in the same high, measured tones. -.-'?? ' Marvedi could not speak. Ho lay with his breast on ' tho table, and his arm stretched -around his treasure. Years Boomed to fall upon him in moments; his whole frame- wdb Bhrunk together, and his heart boat as it would beat through. As ho lay thus, sprawling and fixed; with horror, his eyos burned and 'diluted liko the eyes of a maimed tiger, and his rigid mouth gaped as with the lost breath. In truth, thero was something in tho voice and words of the unseen speaker to make tho boldest' start. Marvedi lay and listened for the voice, though ready to yield up the ghost, should it spook again. How long ' he really listened, he knew -not ; though but a few minutes, it seemed tp h|in a long, long night of horror. 'The place,' gloomy before; to his imagination became darker and 'darker, 'and fantastic shadows seemed to creep about the wall. Tho arms ot his chair appeared to crow close to his sides, and he sat .fixed as in a trap. -All was silent. Marvodi, casting liis oyos around, ventured to move a hand- — then/ hardly breathing, lifted his head — drow up a leg — and thus, by fearful degrees, again gathered himself upright ' in hfo chair, and dared to raovo his head from side- to side: He saw nothing ; listened with new courage ;' heard nothing. Ho wipod the sweat from his forehead, and uttered a deep groan. ' . ' ?-??..' v '??'- Tho noxt morning Mr. Marvodi, with him ah unusual occurrence, took- his: breakfast in bed. Nay, he had not risen, when. Hopoly culled to see Fanny. 'Excuse mo; but couldn't: leave the. house without saying good morn ing,' said the daily comforter, as he put asine tho curtain. ' Ha ! humph j— I'm glad to see you looking so well,' added Hopcly, with unconscious hesitation. '. ? ' . ???Well ! ' cried Marvodi ; ' do you really think I look well, Mr. Uopely ? ' There was death in every line of his face. ' ? '?' : ?, ? ?? ? ? . - ? ?_ ? -? A little, little paler; but, perhaps you hav'n't had so much sloop to-night ?' ??'. . . , ? ?' Not a wink — not a wink ! ' rattled from the throat of the man of money. ' ? ::..?- ' * : '? ? ' Ha! that accounts for it. : Yos— yes; ??well,-' a nap' after dinner and — ' and hero Hopoly looked at Fanny. 'You moan well, Mr.. Hopoly— but oh,- Lord! — oh, Lord ! — last night, oh, I fear I'm — yes — I'm certainly- — -' 'Going!'' cried tho warning voico of tho previous ' night..' ? : ? ? ,'.--?.! .-?? ???* . ? - ' ???., ? = : ' Tlierc— thoro — there — again— again— ! ' — shrieked' Marvodi, and tho bed shook beneath him. ' ?-.:-??? ? 'For the last time, going '!' cried tho parrot, perched' on tho testor of tho bed: for the bird being extremely tame, had the free run of tho 'house, which' may account for its having, tho night boforo, hopped; unseen into tho sanctum of the raiser, ' '.?????? ?: ?.,?--?,-: Marvodi raved ?' Don't you hear it? I'm called— a spirit calls mot' ?-?'-?? '?? .-?:: ! ?- ? ; ? ?' Composo yourself, my doar Sir— pray composo your self — why, ha!- ha.'— it's -only.1 Fanny's parrot,' said Uopely,' in tho softest tones. ??-?:'', *???? Life seemed to return again to tlio fpntures of the sick man, tho mystery of tlio pro vioub warning boing ab clearly made out. ' ' Oh ! ' ha 1 the bird you gave to 'Fanny— the parrot,' to be my companion — thank you, Mr. Hopoly— thank you,' said Marvedi, with a grim, malicious smile. ' But away with it— kill it — wring its neok — out of doors with it!'' ' ' ' To bo sure. Sir— to bo sure,' said ? Hopely, in vain attempting to soouro tho parrot,, that flew from placo to' place, exclaiming, and always in a shriller lono — ' Going — going at sixty-Jive— ha - 7ta .'—decidedly going,' going,* going I ' whilst Marvedi ronrod and raved for tho death or expulsion of tho truth-teller. At length Hopoly, irri tated by the successful movaniants of tlio bird, and urged by tho cries of tho sick man, flung his walking ' caho at tho. parrot, and brought it to tho iloor; though, we nro painod to say, with a broken log. Tho martyr to truth was again banished for its folly. . ? . , It was tho midnight of tho third day after the above named occurrence, and Hoploy, Fanny, and the hbusc kcopor stood about tho' bod ot Laurence Marvodi. His doom was fixed ; despite tho (latteries .of tho npothoeary, (loath stood sentinel at tho sick man's door. 'I — think I'm getting ill;' said tho dying man. .'-?????? '? Possibly — possibly,- you- may : think so ; but youVo going on admirably,' 'pronounced tho equivocating Uopely. ? ' -,?,?,..?, ' I should like to turn upon this side,' said tho patient feebly. t* Thoro, Sir— thore,' said Hopely, who, with tho houso koepor, assisted Hio sick man. ' Thoro — now, I'm Aura you It bo better.' Ho iuas better— ho was dead. , The apothecary found himsolf down in tho will of the ? misor for a handsome legacy. Our truth-teller had » broken log. 