THE FITZ-CHIZZLE PAPERS. "One! two! three! Glory to my sowl, what a gash!" ENSIGN O'DONOGHUE. Self- confidence they say is the best quality where- withal to fight one's way in the world, and I have left myself little room for self-reproach on that subject. If was, therefore, with no little ennui that I heard from Mr. Phlatty Verdaunt—a junior barrister, who visited me on the important Sunday referred to in my last—a long, and, as the news- papers say, ingenious address to show that I was about to make myself a fool in the affair in Brook- street. Mr. Verdaunt was a young gentleman who made daily speeches to his books as an imaginary jury, and to his wig-block as an ideal assessor— adjured the former "as fathers and brothers," and suggested to the latter "with great respect, my lud," and so disgusted was I by his vapid Old Baileyish demonstration of what, to confess the truth, was my own very evident foolishness, that I abandoned a half hesitation that had been creeping over me in the morning, decided that my Kate was, "the daintiest Kate in Christendom," and her epistle a model for Addison. If "my almost blunted pur- pose" had required new whetting, that was even at hand, for the adventurous aide-de-camp of Bolivar joined us at breakfast. "Go!" said the Count, "to be sure you'll go, or av you don't I'll conquer my modesty and take your place. Why should ye fear an ould Indian? Egad, if he had practised the scaling of nunneries in your youth as I have, it would cure such qualms. I re- mimber when Santa Crasha was hourly expected to attack us, I was on duty at on outpost—a nunnery at the foot of the Andes. It was a beautiful moon- light night, and the cigars were magnificent. If the cursed country could have afforded such a thing as a drop of potteen I'm sure I should have felt quite sentimental. I was thinking over the list of my schoolfellows, for an ould Dublin Past had fallen into my hands, being wrapped round a ham that I stole in Lima, end in it I read that one of them, who had a cruel taste for penmanship, had written another man's name on a bill in mistake for his own, and ould Bushe had made him an exile of Erin. I was quite in a pensive turn o' mind when I got a blow on the head from a thick brick that, but for the cocked hat and the natural thick- ness of my cranium, would have made a cherubim of me on the spot. I started np in no very pleasant humour and saw on a balcony a lady—by the holy priest of Croahg-Patrick the purtiest cratur I ever laid eye upon." "Oh, then," thought I, "my darlint, 'tis yerself that's an angel, but yer might take gentler means of attracting one's attention than splittin his skull!" She whispered something in Spanish, but the divil a word could I comprehind more than if she had been talkin' Syriac. "Stop a moment, mavourneen bawn," sez I, "an' I'll go up to ye. I'm a little hard of hearing," and with that I exerted one of my early school accomplishments, and was beside her in a moment. If I couldn't talk Spanish I could make signs, so I put my arm round her waist, and began to blarney in pantomime at a divil of a rate. She wasn't at all displeased—how should she?—but, bolting away from me, she entered the house, and held, as I could hear, a long conversation with some one inside. At last she and another young lady came out, and putting her finger on her lips, she signalled me to descend as I had come. "Oh!" thought I, "there's danger, is there? then I'll not get them into a scrape;" so, letting myself over the balustrade, I quietly dropped to the ground. In a moment they appeared looking over the balcony, and one of them cautiously com- menced letting down a large basket with a cord. "Hollo! is it an elopement she manes?" I said to myself. "What the deuce am I to do? Never mind, I'll trust to Providence." I reached out my arm, and caught the basket. The rope was sud- denly let go, the door above was as suddenly slammed, and I was like Childe Harold—"in the world alone." Two mortal hours I waited, but no sign. I heard the trumpet to recal us. "D—n the basket," said I, kicking it once, when lo! a hearty scream, shrill and continued, issued from its infernal wicker. I was thunderstruck, but there was no time to lose. I lifted the basket, hung it to the Porter's knocker, cursed my schoolmaster who had not taught me Spanish, and registered, as Dan says, a vow in heaven never to lay my head, while I lived, on anything made of willow." The appointment drew near, and taking the arm of the Count forth we sallied to "try the fate of Antony." It was scarce four when we reached Brook-street, and we wiled away the time by sauntering on the opposite side of the way, and reconnoitring the fortress. At length St. George's struck the hour, and I, with a bold heart, crossed the street and knocked. My hand was scarcely off the knocker when the door was flung open, and I very unceremoniously dragged by the collar into the hall, which was absolutely lined with black servants. "That's right, Nero! Seize him, Galba! Tie his hands, Otho! Follow the accomplice, Claudius! Run for a constable!" exclaimed the well-known tones of my victim, the Indian. I saw there was little opportunity to deliberate. I complimented Nero with a kick in the shins that sent him, like the priest in Hamlet, to "lie howling"—gave its fellow to Galba—Otho prudently retreated, and having obliged their master with a touch in the stomach that doubled him up like a backgammon box, made good my exit, meeting Claudius, as I ran into Hanover-square, progressing upon one leg and holding by the rails yelling with terror. The Count, as Mr. Cooper says, "knew Indine natur,'' and had administered to the fifth Cæsar a blow on the shins like the kick of a cart- horse. When I reached home, I found O'Rafferty before me. "What the divil did the naygro want with me?" exclaimed the Count. "The divil smother him— I've split my pantaloons wid the kick I gev him." "He wanted," said I, pensively, "to apprehend you as my accomplice in, I presume, an alleged burglary which it was supposed I was about to commit." "Saints and angels! but you're jokin'—what do you mane?" I related to the ex soldier of liberty the whole history of my adventures—the assault made upon me by, as O'Keefe's farce has it, "seven holy Roman emperors," my rebutting of the same, the which to hear having seriously inclined, he bounced from his chair and rubbing his hands with much satisfaction, vociferated, "Queen of glory, but it's beautiful!" "Well, upon my soul," said I, "I don't exactly see the beauty of it at present." " 'Tis the prospect, man—the prospect! Well lave him quivering on a daisy," said the Knight of Don Giovanni. I looked puzzled at the Count's horticultural metaphor. "We'll shoot the ould vagabone" he added, in an explanatory tone; "I'll carry the message." "He'll give you in charge!" "No, he won't! I've no doubt he belongs to that liverless brotherhood, the Oriental. I'll go there and see if I can't prove him?" "Nothing easier than that," replied I. "Not quite so easy as you imagine. I carried a message to an attorney once. He took down every word I said, trying to rouse him to come out. I wound up by alleging that I had no doubt he'd behave like a gintleman, and he threatened to prosecute me for slander." Now, although it was very doubtful point whether I had the least right to any satisfaction after thrusting myself into my opponent's house, yet, smarting as I was under the blows of the three Cæsars, and being as the indictments say, "thereunto incited by the devil," I permitted the Count to have his way—did that, in fact, which should be for any man a passport to Bedlam—put my life in the hands of an Irish gentleman. Sunday evening as it was, off started the Count upon his hostile mission, and I began to feel a little qneer at what I had done. I did not, however, seriously contemplate the possibility of a duel, and was pretty much composed till the return of my ambassador. "By the ghost of George Robert, he's a trump! He's a glorious ould Trojan," exclaimed the Count as he entered. "Why," said I, "is it a mistake. Has he ex- plained it all? Has he apologised?" "Apologised!" said O'Rafferly, with a look of the most contemptuous pity, "an' d'ye think that my father's son would call him a trump for makin' an apology. It's a thing that one of my name never either gave or took. When my father's papers were seized by the sheriffs at Drumholagan Abbey, there were three chests of 'em, bills and love-letters, but divil an apology nor a tailor's receipt in the lot, and my father, rest his sowl, had most of the Irish House of Commons, beside George Robert Fitz- gerald and Bryan Maguire." "Come," said I, I confess rather tremulously, "what on earth did he say?" "He said," replied the Count, "that he was de- lighted to hear you were a gentleman, for he never would have thought so, and that he'd shoot you in such a style as would be a pattern to posterity. He referred me to an oul naval officer, a regular Brutus, who quite agreed with me that nothing can justify a blow, and, as he wittily said, your being kicked by naygroes makes it all the blacker, and that one of ye must come off the field upon a door." I gave a deep groan. "Everything's settled," pursued the Count, "and ye're ready to shoot him to-morrow morning, in the prettiest spot in Europe for the job—a three-cor- nered field out at Highbury. It's a mighty quare coincidence that Commander Van Trump, the ould chap's second, should have noted the same spot as a bijou." "Oh, very odd," said I, abstractedly—"devilish queer"—the last two adjectives, by-the-way, exactly expressed the state of my courage at the time. "An' ye see," said the friend of the Liberador, "I'm never at a loss: I called round by Garret- D'Arcy's an' borrowed his tools." Here he pro- duced the most murderous pair of weapons I ever saw. The present generation, who, when they triumph over the fear of the Old Bailey, and come to the ground, always hit each other in "the thick part of the thigh," are "a generation that knew not Joseph." They never saw the old flint locks, with a barrel two feet long, and notches enough, in me- mory of murders committed, to have passed them for the pistols used at the Massacre of the Inno- cents" Look at this notch, said the Count, pointing to an indentation in the breech of one of the bur- glarious arms, that's put there in commemora- tion of ould General D'Arcy's father shooting a counsellor who looked askance at him at a Saint Patrick's night hall, in the Duke of Portland's time, and it wasn't discovered till after he had shot him that the poor counsellor had been born wid a squint. There were about two dozen notches, with a similar legend attached to each, with all which the Knight of Gonzales regaled me, and having com- forted me with the assurance that my opponent had been "a candle-snuffer" in his time, left me to the pleasure of my own reflections. Never did I de- liver imprecations more heartily than a curse which I gave as the Count left me, to the institu- tion of Freemasonry, by which the life of O'Rafferty was saved when the Spaniards had him on his knees to be shot in South America. Only for one of his bloodthirstiness I need not have been in this desperate condition. But I never was given to re- pining. I sat down, wrote a few letters, and tumbled into bed. I had fallen into a troubled sleep, about four o'clock, when I found myself rudely shaken, and heard O'Rafferty exclaim— Get up! I've saddled white Surrey. 'Tis a beautiful morning as ever fell from the heavens. Divil a blink of sun to play on the barrel, or spoil an aim. It's as gray as the morning when my father, rest his sowl, shot his sub-sheriff, and won a cool hundred on a bet that he'd hit the third but- ton on his waistcoat. For heaven's sake O'Rafferty, said I, stop those anecdotes of your barbarous country, and let a man on the brink of the grave collect his thoughts. Never talk of the grave, man, said the Count, except for your enemy. The pistles you have 'ud almost shoot a fellow without you. The Holy Church says that St. Dustan's harp played without hands, and why should not they? In twenty minutes we were on the road. I, as pensive as Sir Harry Inglis (or the late Lord George Grenville, or the present Sir Alexander Grant, had not a greater horror of a pistol than had I on that blessed occasion), and O'Rafferty humming to himself— Living short and merry lives, Going where the devil drives, Live the rakes of Mallow. We reached the ground, and leaving the cab out- side the gate, entered the field. My enemy was already there, accompanied by Van Thump--a sinister looking old scoundrel with a wooden leg, and the wickedest eye in London. O'Rafferty greeted him. I heard them decide in a pig's whisper on twelve paces, and O'Rafferty paced it as if he had the lumbago. They placed us, the Count putting one of the assassinators into my hand. One—two—three—said Van Thump. Pop. Pop! went the pistol. I heard something like a curlew whistle past me, and next moment the most terrific yell that ever split human tympanum struck upon my ear. I knew at once it was the death-cry of a horse. Blessed J——s, ejaculated the Count. Holy Mother, what a voice he has. I thought he had more pluck than to shout that-a-way. I knew them barkers wud do it. By this time the cloud of smoke had cleared away, and revealed the Indian, "in his habit as he lived" safe and sound. At the same time the cabman appeared at the gate of the field. Vich of yer gemmen, said the functionary, is to pay for my 'oss? You've hit him in the juggler, and he von't live many minutes. A pre- cious jewell you've made of it—you have! But here's the perlice! The police! said the Count. Run!—for the sake of heaven, bolt! I needed no second ex- hortation. Off we went, over bank, bush, and scaur, while Captain Van Thump and his principal fell into the hands of the enraged constables. I need not add that the Indian had the pleasure of paying for the horse, and I—never again visited Brook-street. But what of Kate? I was scarce housed when I sent for Flibbertigibbet. To whom, said I, sirrah, did you give that letter which I sent by you to Brook-street? Vy, to Kate, to be sure! he replied. And who the devil was Kate? roared I, approach- ing the fellow as he made for the door. . Vy, Kate down the hairy, he replied, and she sed as how she'd reply next day. He made his exit in time to escape a footstool hurled at his head, and the great mystery of orthography and assaults was cleared away. Yours, as ever, CHESTER FITZCHIZZLE. 