II QUBS I N H I N D OS T»A N . : 11V II. It. ADDISON. A TALE OF WRITERS' BUILDINGS. 'Wo had drunk dooply \ Writers' Buildings re-echoed with our shouts of mirth 2 eleven o'clock sounded, yet not n. word of parting hud been pronounced. : The loll shrob (claret) was oxcollont ; the guests amusing ; unlike orgies of a similar description in hmrope, not an argument had nrison' to dim. tho bright hilarity of tho evening. Aj feeling : of brotherhood exists amongst Englishmen' in India, arising from the distance of their common home, that joins thorn in closer tics of friendship than thoso we \---iter, into elsewhere, more particularly if you aro 'in tho service.' In our country a man may bo in- tho army, navy, church, or law, ana yet not fool that every one in his profession is, consequently, his intimate friend. In India, however, those who, as I said before, aro 'Jir tho service,' consider themselves as members of a fraternity which binds them together by links of tho strongest friendship. . It is true, tho civilian is apt to think himself a much greater man than the soldier; yet, ns this fooling i* principally displayed by opnning his house, and entor taining his loss rich folio w-lubourors, tho military man has little to grumble nt, and consequently partakes of tho sumptuous faro afforded him without murmur, as I did on tho evening 1 have seloctcd for this sketch. Jack Thornton had latoly arrived. Ho was the son of a director, and, perhaps, assumed a fow airs and graces in consequence, which wore willingly admitted; for in Bengal wo look upon the lords of Loadonhall as some thing exceeding the Emperor of Russia in power, in riches beyond Crccsus, and (I must in common gratitude add) in kindness unequalled by any other rulers in the world. To oorao back, however, to my story. The conversation had turned upon ghosts. Some boldly admittod their belirf in such appearances ; others half-doubtod ; while the third, and most numerous portion of the company, loudly ridiculed tho idea as bein^ im possible, olFuring to undergo all kinds of tests in order to prove their scepticism. At the head of this' party was young Thornton. 'It is really, too ridiculous to talk of such things in the nineteenth century/oriedhe. , '.'iGhoste, indoed ! I should like to see ono.' ' So should I,' chimed in Gra vestock ; ' nothing would give me so niuuh pleasure.' -:\\-:i: o~ ,??.-? ' Here's a health to all ghosts and goblins !' laughingly shouted TomBaghott,' -a young-cavalry bfficer,'and' the toast was drunk with .great merriment. ? '.' ' ' ' ,'' r ' As an amendment, t vote that we go nnd drink it in the church-yard,' said Thornton ; ' thoy 'U boar us better thoroi-', ?-.?;? ?-'?'-? --'?' .'-????? .-?'''? ? - ' ' '?' -'? 'Really,' I fear, my dear Sir, you are going a little too far,' said Mr. Martin, the clergyman of St. John's; ' like yourself, lam no believer in such appearances ns you describe; but T must confoss that I am wholly oppossed to such indecorous proceedings as those you propose. Invocations of ;tho kind might, indeed, summon with angor tho'dorid from their grave*.' '' '.Twaddle!' interrupted Gravestock. ' Egad ! if they're to be had out of their very resting places,' said Thornton, 'we'll have 'em. Hero goes! said ho ; and, assuming a very serious air and mannor, in despite of the opposition of tho clergyman, lie pronounced in a solemn voice, ' By all the powers of necromanoy, past, present,' and future, by every incantation, holy 'and unholy, by every- adjuration, I hereby, If such a thing be possible, call upon the dead to appear!' ?/::?'? 1 Bnghott, who had left tho room for a' single instant; hearing this pompous conjuration, suddenly burst into the room with aloud ' Bah !' : ' ' ' ' ' Tho effect' was so sudden, so unexpected, that Thornton uttered a loud scream, and sprang from his chair.' In an instant the general laugh recalled him to ' himself, when smarting under tho quiz, which being unanimously kept up nt his expense, ho wisely refrained from resenting, he reseated '- himself, determined, however not only to be quits with master Tom'on n future occasion, but also to redeem his charnctor from tho braggadoci hue which now slightly tinged it. 'After much laughing, after a hundred other topics had been in turn discussed, Thornton suddenly turned' round, and nbruptly adverted to the conversation which had already caused him so much pain f ?' ' Gentlemen, I' was taken by surprise just now; 1 wns startled, I acknowledge, and overoomo by suddun four; but, as youhuvo hud your laugh at me, it is but fair, in my turn, I should have my revenge on some of you.' I require but a' slight one. A thousand rupoca will comr ponsato for the little' affront that has been' put upon me. Now, gents, who will bet mo a thousand rupees that I do not go through any ordeal with, respect to ghosts and goblins that may be assigned to me ?' 'I' will,'*' replied the 'president; for he wished sin? coroly to malic up for his apparent rudenpsn in having joined tho laugh at Thornton's expense,' o*oni though ho foil ho should lose his money. ? .' ,?:.-,''-;? v. ???? i. ??' 'Dono!'-' -? ?? .;??!. '? .-?'?- :' .-?! '.-?.? ??:??'- -??''?? -.'Done!' '?':? ??:?? .?:- ??.?-':.?????:;?? - ; --t;[- ?:?-?:?-?:??? ? -.«« Now, then, what am I to do 1' ?-' - ':' '? ' ' ????\\-''J ? 'It is nearly twelve- o'clock. ITou shall go to tlio! churcluynrd of St. John's, which is closo by, and pickup' a skull I saw lying Iliero to-day, near old Halidoy's tomb,' and with a hammer and nail, which you can1 take with' you, fastan. the said skull to tho wooden monument temporarily orrctcd over the grave of poor'BIartlnjT como back, and finish thu: evening bore— t think I hate' lot him offi lightly,' addodtho president in a whisper to his next neighbour. ?? ? : ; ': , : i:- ??'' ''?' ' 'I only bargain for one thing, namely, that no practical - jokes aro played on mo.- To Insure -thur,' promise mo 'that, no one stirs- from tliis tnblo till 1 return ; I, on tho other ' hand, am willing,: on: njy.i'eturn/to-pledgpr.niy lionoup that I havo' accomplished my task,1, or: pay ? the bet.'. You must, however, allow me two hours' to perform ifr,'as ; I-musttake the opportunity wbon'tUe watch is offi his beat.' .-? ?:-? :?-'? :?;':;??-?-.? ;..m ..??..:.-.?:.?.?,??- : 'Those .'terms wero agreed -to, the required assurance ?Riven; and Thornton started ;'o|V !tb his ho'uso'tb prep'p.rp himself for 'his undertaking, leaving tho revellers to enjoy themselves till his return. . , .'.',':,.;'.,'';,' ' Onoemorc at home, Thornton sent out a, scout to seo ?that the coast was clear ; then changing' his'tlress,~and 'donning a largo military cloak, ho nrmod himself with [p. hammer and nail, and started oft' for St. John's church yard. The night was one of thoso beautiful specimens of oriental climates, which in some degree compensate 'for .the violent heat of the day. Th,o heavens represented a sheet of the very darkest blue, thickly studded with stars. No moon was visible, but the lesser luminaries gavo suili cient light to distinguish imperfectly objects in tho imme diate neighbourhood. A gentle breeze fanned tho 4-ar!h, ' slightly sighing as it passed through the ornamental buildings of tho city. ' '' ''' ?'?»'?'? Arrived at his destination, without meeting with a single living boing, Thornton boldly entered the church yard, steadily resolved to accomplish' the. feat tjiaj. had ' been proposed to him. It is true, he fejt aVslighJ; flut tering around the rogion of tbo heart/ for which ho could not account; a continual desire to'Bwallow his saliva, which, though generally admitted to be an indication' of fear, or strong emotion, could scarcely be so it) tho pre-' . sent instance ; for the youth never stepped uioro firmly than when Ilg entered the placo of Christian sepulture. ' _ Without much difficulty he found tho skull;; but us ho picked it up, he could not help thinking ; he heard somo one pronounce his name. As ho raised himsolf, a shadow appeared to flit by him. Could ho bo deceived by his senses? Could the dead thus rise to roproaeh him ? Welt he knew, nfter tho pledgp that ho hud received, that none of his companions pould havo followed him. ?yTiio man be had sont us scout had too well examined tho place to believe that any one could lurk there. Whence, .then, the sound which ho had heard, as it was closo to 'his car? Already he began to feel that ho wuh wrong in. £hus desecrating by his presence tho placo of tombs. JFor a moment he hesitated whether ho should- not return ?find give up the bet. The monpy was ho object; but tho tauntings which would attend such a result ho .could nut bear; so; in spjte of X))'prytl)ing, he determined to com plete .his .task. ?.','???..' .i^''-.'!----'-- '-'?.??:'???'?-:. M Honow strode across tljo burial-ground. -. . Ho suddenly felt a jerk. Lie. started, and uttered /a low ejaculation. He looked round ^ it was morely his cloak that. hii-l .caught the corner of .ft tombstone Ho hastily sijuiphed it away, and proceeded. Prosontly ho felt a blbv/'on Jn's. )eg_. For a moment ho was startled. ? In thbnext 'lie. smiled, .'as ho perceived it was only against a prostrate iron rail that he bad hit it. On coming oloso to Martin's placo , of rest, he stopped on some npw earth, und sank ancle deep into it. It was the np\y grayo of a friond, a, fellow-passenger, who had boon, interred that morning. lie felt shocked ; yot, doterminod on. accomplishing his pntorpriso, ho at length laid his hand on tlio wooden (ablot, which, till tho marble qnp should bo oomplptod,, .covered tho remains of poor' Martin, liis brother writer, ffts lato chum. ... ' ???., ; ..'? \ As ho knelt down bolide £hp monument, vyhlch con sisted pf a Oaf piece of .board, resting on four brick walls, about oightoop. inohos from the ground, he folt more in7 clinod to pray.ror :thq. repose' pf his friend's soul, thai} thus to pollute the covering to'hii ashes, by an unholy, act. Again, howover, tho idea of the ridiculo to which he. would; bo exposed, shot acrosu'his mind,, and beset about his task, .boing determined to do it as quietly as possible. , . ; „ .;:';,:. ;? . ? ., .',...' . , '.'. . Having placod the skull upon tho tablet, ho Was nulling his hammer from, his pockot, when, in. turning, his hat', ? was suddenly knookodotr. Ho rose; and. with the bold-, ness often inspired by fear, looked around him. No one fms n«!VFj Hp had/nwst likoly; atruck it against i sompi tiling, and. so caused it to full off. In groping nrniinfi, he' grasped a-humrinbone,1 \vhieh! Ivo throw anay'with n. shudder. Again he felt about, und his linnd touched # cold, slirty frog. J.ts icy, cliinimy chill, reminded. him of :deatji,-and he dctbrminpcr to1 finish luVlabor befbrcflip 'again- sbiiglit his hut ;'so dpwji lii» knelt.'iin.d onrnestly voimnonceU I is task.' '.With', extremb ngitatibn lie libgni) to: fasten 'the 'Bk^UT''toIUiB''toinb.'/*;*As'lho/'.naU!,gr6tind .tliroufth' ^ the liono,' he' fancied sbmp ^one. or other twitched him from ' behind ;' but, (tctcrniincd t.hat: 'nothing shoulcj how deter himj lio gave p'nb' piorp '.Ht'roiiB,' .and tJip dea.(J man's head wus Hrmly. ullixpd to the nionunieHt of his fi!iend-:;l;:':', '?' ,'']:.' '].', '''1 v'-'';V: -'; '.' '?--'' ';' l , ''Ho was about.torise, when he fplt himself held idown by '.tlid.baclc'bf his.nec|c. Ilej-o t)iorecqj.ild bb.no tnistnko. ' \yho*;is: thbre ?J- loudly ' demanded Thornton. ',' Uy Heuven ! if you don|t let mo go, j 11 strike you' dead -vilh this hammer !' No answer wus givon, and Thornton bosan to.feol extremoly ngitntcd. t' Who's .there, I say ? I'IJl not jconsidp.r this a joke. ^Scojindre], ljcjt jh,e u jv!' a'nji ho 'strove to rise, but 'in. vain j tho same firm grnsp'heh| him by tho hiipo of the neck. ' His horror. now almost amounted to madness ; for by stretching 'out his leg; ho ljad, clparly oscerfainpfl that \\[o onp was behind ' him. f Wying or dpad, you shuU not oonqiior liie J' ndded he, in a: paroxysm of fenr and desperation ';'? 'you sholl not hold me!'— arid he attempted suddenly to spring up. Ijj tho next instant ho' was . dashed ' down' upon his-facp, perfectly insensiblo. . ?; '? . ' ''.'.'? ,. ' r ; \' ' Itrtho mean;,timo'tho two hours tleraniiiled' by the advonturous better hi.d expired, and some'.of the party at tho, .Writers' Buildings proppsud to gbarid 'look'aftoi' Thornton, .and cluim the: bet, which was no\v: clearly won.' Supposing that his courage had failed him, and that ho had quietly sneaked lionie, tp avoid ' tho sneers of the company, it was proposed' they should pno' and nl| goto the' young roan's house, and havo their 'liiugli but at his expense. ' . ; . ' ' ' ' ? 'The proposal was warmly approved of/and they sallied forth; but,'nlus! tlip bird \vas llown. From* 'tho servmit'^ account, hp had evidently gono. forth to accomplish tho task hp had undertaken ; so to thp burying-phico they joyously trpdgpd. Tho gatp was open j 'TTiornton' wiis eyidpn'tly thorp. They shouted to him 5 no reply waq given; so in they marched Presently tliey cume to Martin's grave, beside' 'which lay their friend,' perfectly mbtjonless. In an instant tlib drunkpn party boeamp Bobercd,- and thoy felt too lato that they had' engaged in an; affair likply to terminate in a, disagrccablo' nianuer,' and rbproaohed theinsclvps With having spribtisly irighlbncd a good comrado nnd a valued frippd. Thoso who .wero nuurest immediately steppi'd fpryt'ai'd ' to raisa poor Thornton up: Ho was cold' and insensible. A doctbri \vho was of the party, ndvanced, ho looked alarmed, felt the pulse, put his liand upon tho breast, then turning round, exclaimed, in d voice which struck; terror to evory heart arpu,hd him, 'He ia Head — ijitlln dead!'- '?'-' ' ' . . ' ? Tho friends wjip supported him hoped hp was deceived, and attemptod to remove thb'boily. It was attached to tho tomb. In an instant thp whole cupse of his terror; and death was apparent. His, cloak had s|ippcd in between the skull apd the tnlilet- — he had firmly nulled it to the monument, so that whpn hp had cudojivourpd, 11001V follow ! to rise, ho had hei'n held down by thp back of the collar, and, {striving with n jerk to fren (limsclf, hud been naturully thrown down by it. Tho mutter \yas liushod up. '1 o this day tho friends pf the unhappy youth know not the cause ot bis death.' From thai moment none of tho company have ever indulged in a practical joko.' A bravo, a'good, .and1 virtuous youth- was thus, immolated in attempting to provo bis cbui ago, whore nq such tost was required. ' ' ?' .- ' ? May. his example Bervo as a bcaopiito the foolhardy'} . 