iUott ytjittij). BAPTIST CHURCH. Yesterday, at about half-past eleven o'clock, the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of llie Baptist Chapel, in Collins street, was performed in the follow ing manner The weather was most propitious, and ia allusion to this i&vourable; circumstance the Rev. J. Saunders opened the proceedings by saying — Truly with such a brilliant sky above us " the neavens declare the glory ol God and the iirmament showeth his handy work": to this ureal Being let us on the preseut oc casion -address a hyiun of praise. The assembly tbea sang with great solemnity the 1 17th psalm — " From' all that dwell below the skies Let the Creator's praise arise," &c.; The Rev. Alex. Morrison read Solomon?s dedicatory' prayer, 1 Kia<rs viii. 22-61, and the Rev. William Scho- field supplicated the Divine blessing upon the enter prise iu an appropriate manner. After the prayer Mr Saunders addressed the spectators in substance as follows : — " On this spot, so lately re claimed from the wilderness for the use of civilised'man we are about to erect a eh uicli lor the service of the living God. Where he was once unknown we are uiet to adore him, and as we boast of our rational powers it behoves us to dedicate our reason to his service. The walls to be reared on this foundation are to constitute a house of prayer; for assembly prayer is due from such a dependant creature as man,— -to Him in whom we live and move, and have «ur being, — to Him also be rendered thanksgiving for constant and overflowing good. But we do not confine our views to the tenets of natural religion. We are happy to acknowledge a revelation from Heaven, and hence we purpose in this place oi worship there snail be a promulgation of re vealed truth. 'This truth, we believe, reveals a Saviour it therefore poiuts out to man his peril and liis way of safely, and according to the coimnissson of Christ to his Apostles, this salvation will be proclaimed in His name. The pulpit of this house is to be dedicated to the « preaching of the Gospel. The doctrines preached by your respected pastor are well known ; they are summed up in one expressive phrase " Christ and Him Cruci fied." The morals of the Gospel are not to be swerved from the;doctrines of the Gospel, and thus we have aa assurance that the grand duty of charity will be incul cated ; in short, love to God and love to man, the sound theology and the glorious ethics ol the Bible— the truth which inspires hope and conveys blessedness will here be made known. Here man will be reminded of his immortality, and awakened thereby to such true eleva- ' tion of character, as he will be fitted for another and a better world. 'These ennobliug views of man and his destiny will be enforced in connexion with the sublime aud cheering doctriae of the influence of the Holy Ghost. > You have lelt the power of stronir minds UDon Your- selves, whether fur good or evil. It will here be asserted that , the mighty power of God, omnipotence itself, must be and will be put forth to grant the renovation which can alone prepare you for an inheritance in heaven. This house is to be ol" christian men, and I rejoice to think our enterprise receives the cordial co operation of many. Happy am 1 coming irom . Sydney to be surrounded by so mauy. uiinisteriaibrelhren. We are placed in a line side by side in our places of worship which I trust iu an augury of mutual assistance, a de termination to promote the common Christianity in which we believe. Let us look rather at the many things in which we hold the common faith, rather than at the things in which we differ. T>.is conduct will ensure peace and good will, and it will be our shame and guilt it we act otherwise; and if there be any who stand aloof from us, we trust they will love us more when they know us better. Love, I trust, will not be wanting on our part ; and when tliey extend the right hand of fellowship they shall find us ready to offer ours. I know tkVt human nature is frail, and that we and our homes are perishing; -but this need not excite- a melaDtholy thought in laying tbis foundation stone, for though the man shall perish, the work shall proceed;- I God and His truth - Christ and his Gospel— constantly testified to the world by a witnessing Church, will I survive all visitations and endure until the Lord himself shall come. In the prospect ol the erection ot this house of prayer, of this place lor christian worship, and in the full hope that a spiritual Charch shall be found in successive generations in connexion with this our enterprise until the Heavens be no more. In tbis strong faith and joyous hope, I proceed to lay the foun dation stone of the first Baptist Church in Australia. Felix." Mr. Saunders then proceeded to read a brass plat& prepared by Mr. Ham, son of the Rev. ; J Ham,. wbic& was boldly inscribed with these words " This found iion st(\ne.of.tIie first Baptist Church in Australia Felix, wiis laid on the 2lst day of May, A_ D., 1845, by the Rev John Saunders, Pastor of the first Baptist Church, Syd- " Rev. John Ham, Pastor. John Lush, |Dedcons. Robert Kerr. V John Gill, Esq.1, Architect." The plate having been deposited in a recess beneath the stone, it was covered over and adjusted in the m«st approved fashion. Mr Gill then produced the plan and lead off the dimensions, 50 feet by 32. Mr. Saunders offered a short thanksgiving and prayer,, and having pronounced the benediction.'the company sepa rated, apparently well pleased with the day's pro ceed ings. A few very acceptable offerings we're made, and many persons present departed with an intention of jjrolongiug this occasion by a tea meeting in the evening. Murder and Robbery by the Blacks.— We have .just heard," but are unable to give full . particulars, that a most daring outrage has been .committed by the blacks on the Wimmera, they having driven ofl a flock of sheep, the property of ' Major Fireqrace, and mur dered Mr. Macplierson, of the firm of Taylor and Mac- pherso'n.— Geelong Adicrtiser Roman Catholic ChurgA.— The Rev. James Wat- kins left Melbourne for Geelong yesterday morning. It has been determined that Mr. Watkins is to remain at Geelong and he and. the Rev Mr. Stephen are to make occasional tours to Poitland. — J bid _ The Baptist Tea Partt.— An invitation wasgiveri to ail persons, who favoured the projected Chapel, to tea last evening, at the town Hail, at 6 p. m. About "200 persons assembled. A great proportion of the tea drinkers were ladies the sight was highly grateful The meeting was opened and addressed by the Rev. Mr. Saunders and by Messrs. Langlandsand Marsdjen, who -delighted, amused and instructed the audience. Mr. -Langlands was peculiarly -impressive in his address. 'The absence of the Rev. JVIr. Ham, who has gone to Sydney. for his health (as the Rev. Mr. Saunders has, jalso, travelled here od the same errand; and, we under stand, both have benefitted.) sufficiently accounts for 'the absence of the Rev. Pastor, from the ceremony ol paying the corner stone of his intended Chapel. Jbid . , CoUntAy News— Th6 Aboriginals— The blacks are at present very troublesome on the river Wimera. "They have taken a number of sheep from the station of '"Messrs. Bailie and Hamilton, but they were lucky t»nougb to get the most of them back, although a great nuimber were subjected to the truly curious Aboriginal -» trocess of shepperdintr, namely that of breaking their Jr «» which most effectually prevents them of getting av 'ay This is a very cheap . mode of. keeping them .vea dy for slaughter, although we could not recommend it to i settlers. It.is a truly lamentable.sight indeed, to seethe poor animals. subjected to this newly invented tack and suffering all th agonies of hunger and thirst, in ad dition to that Of intolerable, pain. They have also lately speared a horse. belonging to the station of Messrs T3rodie a"d Cruikshank', and although the horse was not fabsoiot e'y killed Outright', he was a long while unfit for work', afid it was only by great attention that he reco- -vered. Captain Evatt9 has had the kindness to locate 'two of tin? Police at the station of Brodie and Cruik Shank so that it is likely that the natives will be a little quieter, no twithstandiug the season" for their outrage is coming' on, rhe wet weather, rendering it almost trap'os- -to follow til em on 'horse-back. — Ibid. Horrible- and Mysterious Occurrence.— As a i carter named. Patrick Doherty was removing some loam rfrom the rear of the Flag-Staff, during the process of ditraing the sttifflie discovered buried in the heap a soan box about two and a hair ffeet in length, in which were the skull .and a few bones of an-iniant. The flesh was quite decayed, as. also -two peices of blanket in which they were enveloped. Doherty immediately gave information to Serjeant Swindell, who had the box and its contents quickly removed tp the Crown Hotel where an inquest was held the same evening (Saturday) 1 lie iurv after inspecting llle relics mortality, returned a verdict to the following effect: -That the remains olan infant were secreted' by some person or persons un known, but they bad no opportunity of ascertaimng the manner by which the deceased came by its death. There ' can be verv li»tle doubt ol its being the victim ol illicit intercourse, and jnental depravity. Jlnd . 1 Frail Mortvlit-X— No less than lour sudden deaths ' occurred during tin- post week in Melbourne and its vi". cinitv we say " suddeii" deaths, because tu each ol these Cases the parties weue considered as being in a perfect state of health the day hefor they died. Our columns of to-day also shew thaX this week the same calamity i lias continued bv the death of an infant. To what do .the medrtal facility attribute these awtul visitations ? The We'slEYAn Ministry'.— The friends of tfo Rev. V Mr Scliolield, aud especially Those connected With the " Weriey an society, will no" doubt -regret to learn that ihis gentleman is about to leave his pastoral duties at Melbourne For that ol Paramatta, alter a perseverance in a good-cause 'among us for more than two years and a half The reverend gentleman .leaves this place I or Sydney in time' to be present at the next annual district meeting, which ts expected to take place about the fi st week in July, wjien it. is expected the Rev. Mr. Sweet- man will succeed him.— P. /'Wera/d. Our Representatives. — Dr Nicholson, M C has signified his intention or paying bis constituency a call cither by the next steamer or after the next session of the Council — Ibid. .. - Tae B laces Again.— Within the last few days, Mr. Bayly, of the Pyranees, lias lor the second time, been a, victim to the ferocity of the savages in that district, who carried off steVeral hundred ol his sheep. the heads nd bones of which liaVe been discovered. The tribe Who committed the serions depredation, is jUe ?amt which Messrs Powlett and Dana at different times thinned of its fair proportions in askirniish with black irascals,— Ibid 