S CRIPTION TO THE ARTICLES. In e London Times, a correspondence tw a clergyman and the bishop of or h is published. The Rev. Charles ouse writes: "?erceby beg to tender to your lordship e gnation of my benefice and canonry. is rhaps doubtful whether the resigna the latter should be tendered-to your p; but the balance of ecclesiastical ears to recommend it." bjected to certain parts of the ritual tl literal acceptation : mely, the damnatory clauses of the sian Creed, the form of Absolution flice for the Visitation of the Sick, e following part of the form of ing Priests : ewve the IHoly Ghost for the office rk of a priest in the church of God mumitted unto thee by the imposition lands. Whosesinsthou dostforgive, e forgiven : and whose sins thou dost theyare retained,' &c.;" ds r satisfied that the time is arrived further delay on my part is not ad ,-when any sacrifice ought to be ted to rather than to risk even the on of countenancing dishonest prac ithl respect to subscription." ouis the bishop replies: shall neither accept nor encourage s?ignation, cause, considering the number and ar of many of the propositions in ei in our 30 articles, the Homilies, and of Common Prayer, to which assent \- by subscription, itis impossible that unber of individuals should view such itiols in exactly the same light, and be to them iin precisely the game Latitude in subscription is, there. ?bsolutely unavoidable. ech latitude has been repeatedly re ed and defended by the highest au es in our church, from the time of the tation to the present moment, when laimed and exercised in its fullest by many who hold and proclaim s muchi further removed from the of our Protestant church than are any 1on1 of yours; as well as by many who taken the same view as yourself of the to which your scruples refer. There , therefore, be a manifest injustice in Il you to resign asituation which you filed long and usefullly, while others, i the same grounds would be equally called on to resign theirs, continue to retain them. "The interpretation you entertain of the points in question has been so far acknow ledged and established by general consent, that a lattitude to that extent may be fairly and properly exercised by any who are called upon to subscribe to the 30 articles and Book of Common Prayer, although there may be others who are anxious to carry out to their full extent those remnants of Roman Catholic worship and priestly power which, under peculiar circumstances of the times when our church was gradually severing itself from that of Rome, were still retained in our reformed ritual. " Whilst, in the exercise of that discre tion intrusted to every bishop, which in the present state of the church cannot be shared with any other adviser or authority, I come to the above conclusions, I at the same time feel strongly with you how far more satis ilctory it would be if steps could be taken to remove difficulties and remedy evils of which many, and I have reason to believe an increasing number, of our clergy justly complain. For it is impossible to shut our eyes to the obvious truth, that " a clearer explanation is required of some words and phrases that are rather of doubtful significa tion, or otherwise liable to misconstruction, in days like the present, when our church is so tearfully divided against itself and suffering from dissensions and internal schisms far more dangerous and perplexing than those with which she is assailed by ad versaries without her pale." 