Original Literature. EXTRACT FROM "ORRAN." AN ANCIENT HIGHLAND BARD. OF all the ancient Celtic bards of Scot- land, whose names have been transmit- ted to their posterity, Orran ranks next to Ossian : indeed the distinction be- tween his compositions and those of the immortal prince of Selma, will be per- ceived by the really poetical reader alone. This, together with the similarity of their names, accounts for the fragments of Orran being given to the public, even in an English dress, as the genuine produc- tions of Ossian. M'Pherson, who so- journed too long in the poetical regions to commit this blunder, concludes that' Orran was one of the earliest immitators of Ossian ; the probabilities, however, are, that he flourished a century or two earlier than the inimitably sublime son of Fingal. Various extracts might be given from the poems of Orran, as well as from those of Ossian, that vie, for dignity and tenderness of sentiment, with anything that the most refined age can produce. His description of the manner in which the boy Ronan, the only son uf a widow, was saved from the fury of a ruthless prince of Erin, might be given as proof of this assertion : And the saving of this boy was not lost labour. Ronan of the brown locks soon became everything that the heart of his benefactor, and that of his mother, could desire ; aye, and everything that a better heart than that of either of them could desire. Would you believe it? — Sulvina, the only daughter (my stars !) of Dumore, a neighbouring chief, allowed her coun- tenance to shine with the glowing bril- liancy of summer on Ronan of the brown locks. She did ? Yes ; but oh ! inhu- mane — monstrous—murderous Dumore ! his bosom was as void of feeling as the trunk of a box tree. He— the bouncer ! —would have her to marry a wealthy rogue, Lavo, who was also one of his supporters. But as well might he try to growf praties on an apple tree, as try to make the blooming Sulvina love the wealthy rogue, Lavo. Her heart was fixed on Ronan, who, according to ap- pointment, was waiting for her at the murmuring brook, in the glen of Moms. Sulvina received strength in time of need. Her angelic soul became irre- sistible. She elopes at night, accompa- nied by a faithful servant. But ochaneel "there is many a slip between the cup. and the lip." The wealthy rogue, Lavo, who was up to the "dodge," grabs her in her heavenly flight, and plants her in a cave. Ronan, who passes the night in a state of unspeakable anxiety, con- sults the "sage of the rocks" (i. e., the Druid) towards daybreak. He is made acquainted with the " unmanly" pro- ceedings of Lavo, and the course he con- sequently ought to pursue. He imme- diately strikes his shield, and his friends — the flowers of the forest — gather around him. On approaching the cave they are met by Lavo and his warriors : and Orran, who stood under the banner of Ronan, gives the following brief ac- count of the engagement, and its melan- choly results. If is very pretty in the original — in that language whose words have been actually made on purpose "to suit the action."——— We hear a noise, like that of purling streams, When winds are hush'd and the red lightning gleams. — The host of Lavo with their shining spears — Their distant murmur falls upon our ears ; Behold them glitter like a foaming wave, When stars beam faintly from their cloudy cave. With joy, as he was wont in time of war, Brave Ronan heard their murmuring noise afar : He struck his shield, and thick as clouds appear On Dura's heights, his faithful friends drew near. Like ghosts decending on the bursting storm, While Ardven's forest trembles at their form, Brave Ronan rush'd into the field of death — His valiant heroes treading in his path. As clouds move slowly over Lara's brow, When thunders roar and winds begin to blow, The host of Lavo to the field repair; Their thousand helmets grace their martial air ; Their thousand spears are pointed to the sky, And seem a burning forest to the eye. What son of song can now describe aright The awful rage with which they join the fight ?— Say, sons of Arar, if you ever saw A gloomy rock on each aide of Glen Awe Begin at once to roll, at first but slow, Then bounding faster till they met below, Their broken fragments following behind. And dust in columns rising in the wind ? Such were the youthful rage and native pride With which they join the fight on either side ; The swords, though often proved, and temper'd well, Fly up in air, like chips or broken shell ; The heads of horses, in their helmets bound, Are cut like grass, and toss'd upon the ground ; Some yet alive are hid among the slain ; A thousand streams of blood run o'er the plain ; The souls of heroes from their clay arise, And wind their way like smoke into the skies ; Behold the valiant seated, here and there, On skirts of clouds that wait them through the air. Like burs that stick unto the eagle's breast, When herd-boys scare it off its secret nest, And from the glen of roes it soars on high, To Goma's healthy heights, that rend the sky. But what are those two eagles, grim at death, That yet contend upon the gory heath ? — A crested heathcock, hidden in a scar, — A tuffed kid, is not their cause of war ; Behold, the one is bending on this spear— The glowing victor stands in triumph near, As, off Danaray's coast, the stately mast Will bend before the overpowering blast ! Says Ronan,— now deliver me thy spear; Say also if Sulvina's cave be near,— I ne'er delighted in a rival's death ; Enough, when he lies prostrate on the heath, Lavo. " My blood is flowing like a gurgling rill ! I now resign Sulvlna to thy will ! Beyond that rock thou'lt find her lonely cave, Where aged oaks their lofty branches wave : But, Ronan, suffer her to raise my stone— I lov'd Sulvina of the maids alone !'' He, speechless, fell upon his bossy shield, And Ronan hurried from the gory field To see his love. He search'd the cave around, But in the cave Sulvina is not found : He only heard the whistling of the blast, As through the trees and hollow rock it pass'd. Ronan. " Where love, O where, is now thy hiding place ! Oh, shew thy Ronan once thy lovely face ! Come love, O come, forsake thy secret cave, And save thy Ronan from an early grave !" But Ronan calls, and calls aloud in vain — The rock alone responds his plaintive strain ! The wolf now howls upon the battle field, Where fell Sulvina with her sword and shield. — To Ronan's aid the maid advanc'd in haste — The cruel arrow pierc'd her harmless breast ! The heav'nly ray forsook her eye so meek — The rosy hue was fading on her cheek. When raving Ronan, like a shroud of mist, Fell on Sulvina's now half lifeless breast, As Ivy falls, with its supporting oak, Beneath the axeman's unrelenting stroke ! She open'd her eyes— she felt her Ronan's breath — Then clos'd them HAPPY in the sleep of Death. R. M'D. The writer of the above elegant frag- ments is a correct Gaelic scholar, and a person of talent. We regret he oftener writes satirical effusions than such ele- gant translations as above. We cannot insert his satire, however witty, but shall always be glad to hear from him. — Ed. P. P. G.] 