THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. Maneroo, February 18. — After a long journey from Bathurst, visiting Burrows, Yass, Gunning, Goulburn, Gundaroo, and Queanbeyan, The Lord Bishop of Australia crossed the boundary of the county of Murray, at Micalego, on Friday, the 14th instant, on his way to visit the great pastoral district of Maneroo, and arrived at Mr Kirwan's inn, Coomer Creek, seventy miles from Quean- beyan, on Friday evening, having been met and welcomed to the district by Mr Lambie, Commis- sioner of Crown Lands, and E Wren, Esq., at Reid's Flats. On Saturday. His Lordship, ac- companied by Mr. Lambie, and Mr. McCabe, the District Surveyor; and the clergyman of the district, the Rev. Edward G. Pryce ; proceeded to make choice of a spot on which to erect a dis- trict church and parsonage. The selection was was made on a ground in a beautiful valley, two miles from the Commissioner's residence. On Sunday Divine service was celebrated in the morning at Mr Lambie's, when the Bishop preached to a numerous congregation assembled from great distances. For the afternoon service his lordship went a distance of twenty miles, to Jejedserick, the sta- tion of Richard Brooks, Esq. , where he had again the satisfaction of preaching to a large and atten- tive congregation. Yesterday, the people from all parts of the district assembled at Coomer, to be present at the solemn and interesting ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the proposed Church, the first which has been projected, we believe, in the colony, beyond the boundaries of location. On arriving at the ground chosen for the site of the Church, the ceremony commenced by the clergy- man of the district repeating with the congrega- tion the 132nd Psalm, according to the usual form. On laying the stone (a large block of granite), the Bishop said, "I lay this as a foun- dation and corner stone of a Church, to be built in this place, to be named Christ Church, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic Faith, which we believe and confess in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.'' After the usual prayers, the Bishop delivered an address to the people, which seemed to make a deep impression on many of those present. The shortness of the notice which had been given of the Bishop's visit, prevented many of the more distant settlers being present. Many of them being at such a distance that no notice at all could be sent to them. As it was, however, we suppose that never before was there such a numerous body of people assembled together in Maneroo— all of whom appeared to be deeply impressed with the seated ceremony, and the solemn and earnest eat address of the Bishop at its conclusion. Those who enjoy the unspeakable blessing of having the solemn ordnances of religion regul- arly administered to them, and those who duly appreciate that blessing, will be able to enter into the feeling of joy and deep thankfulness of those who, having been for years shut out from the means of grace, and yet knowing the value and importance of them, have, on this occasion, seen the prospect of better things opening to them and to their children, in the laying of the foundation stone of that building, where the Most High may be sought in his redeeming mercy, and where a people may be born to praise him through eter- nity. After the ceremony was over, the Bishop re- turned to Coomer Inn, when a deputation of gen- tlemen waited on His Lordship, with an address from the inhabitants of the district; and which was presented by Richard Brooks, Esq., the first settler in the district. 