THE WINE'O]SLLAB.' A 'f UOrtALlir. Stophon Curjow.was a thrifty goldsmith in the roign of tho Soeond ? Charles. ' U!g shop was n tnlno of motitl : ho workod for tho Court, although, wo foar, his inuno is not tn tin fnnnrl in nnv rnnnr/1 in tho Stttto-Pnnor OfRcn. Stephen' was 'a bachelor, nnd, what is strange, ho' never felt, that is, he never compluinod of, his loneliness. His chased ewers, his embossed goblets, bis gold in bars, wero to him wifo and children. Midas was his only kinsman. Ho would, creep among his treasures, liko an old gray rat,* and rub his hands, and smile, as if communing with the wpalth about him. He had so long hugged gold to his heart- that it boat for nothing else Stephen was a practical philosopher; for ho would meekly tako tho order — nny, consult tho caprice — of tho veriest popinjay with tho humility of a pauper, when, at a word, he might have out-blazoned Lords and Earls. If this bo not real philosophy, thought Stephen, as ho walked slip-shod at tho heels of his customers, what is 1 ?- Stephen was a man of temperance ; ho was content to sob venison carved on his hunting-cups; ho cared. not to have it in his larder. His eyes would melt at clustering grapes chased on banquet goblets; but no drop of rtho living .juice passed tho goldsmith's lips. , Stoplinn '.only gave audience to Bacchus whon introduced by' Plutus. Such was tho frugality oF Stophon to his sixty- ufth'yoar'j and then, or his namo had not boon eternized^ in this .our page, temptation fell upon him. ^ .. ', ','., ,' ' ...'^i .,,.;. It was eight o'clock, on a raw spring -evening*; and Stophon sat alono in his back room. Thoro;.was no more firo upon tho hearth than might havo lain in a tinder-box, but Stephen hold his parchment hands above it, and would not be cold. A small silvor lamp, with a short wick— for tho kcon observation of Stophon had taught him ? tho scientific truth, that the less tho wick, tho loss tho wasto of oil — glowed, a yellow specie in tho darknoss. On tho tablo lay a book, a treatise on precious stones ; and. on Stephen's knee, 'Hermes, the True Philosopher.!' Stephen was startled from a waking dream by a loud. and hasty knocking at tho door. Mike, tho boy, was out, but it could not bo ho. Stephen took up tbo lamp, and was creeping to the door, when his eye caught the silver, and ho again placed it -upon tho table, and folt his way through tho shop. Unbolting .tho five bolts of tho door, but' keeping fast the chain, Stephen demanded ' who was thoro?lf .???. . ? , ,-Y -- . ? :?:?-.: ?'.?..-. ? 'I bear a commission from Sir William Brounckor, and I'm in haste.' .;'.! ,?:? ti -\ ? ?.'. ' ?-??-. '-.-i-.--:-,'- : . ...:'., . 'Stay; you a minute — but a minute ;V and,1 Stophon hurried back for tbo lamp, then. hastily returned, opened the door, and tho visitor passod.the threshold. ? . . «- 'Tie- not Clmrles,'. criod Stephen, alarmed at his mistake, for ho boliovod ho bod heard tho voice of Sir William's man. ? '. ? . ?-' '. . . ... ' . ? 'No matter for that, Stephen ; you work for men, and not for Christian names. Come, I havo a job for you ;' and tho visitor, with tho easy, assured air of a gallant, lounged into tho. bauk parlour, followed by tho tremulous Stephen. ? '. . ? . ... ?-. ..- 'Sir William ? 'began tho goldsmith. ' ' He bade mo uso his namo : tho work I'd havo you do is for myself.- Fear not} hero's money' in advance,' and the Btrangor plucked from his pocket n purse, which, in its amplo longth lay Hko a bloated snalto upon tho tablo. Stephen smiled, and said, ' Your business, Sir ?' . 'Sao here,' and tho stranger moved the lamp imme diately between thorn, whon, for tho first timo, Stephen clearly saw tho countonanco of his customdr. . His fnce \- wus rod as brick, and his eyes looked deep as the son, and glowed %ylth- good. humour. His mouth .was largo and frank; and his volco camo as from. tho well of truth, nis hair foil in curls boliind his car's,' and his. moustache, black ns conl, mario d porfoct oroscont on , bis lip, tho points upwards. Other men may bo merely, good follows, tho slrangor Booined the best. 'Soo hero,' ho ropoatod, and produced a drawing on' a small pieoo of paper, 'can you cut mo thlB in a seal ring ?' . . , , ^ Humph!' and Stephen put on his spectacles, ' the -subject is — — ' . , , - 'Bacchus squeezing grape juice into tho cup of Death,' said .the straugcr. 'An odd-cqneoit,' cried the goldsmith. ,'. 'We all have our whims, or woe to the sellers/' said the customer. 'Well, can it be done?' 'Surely, Sir, surely. On what shall it be out?' . 'An emerald, nothing less. It is the drinker's stone. ?In a week, Master Curlew .?' 'This day week, Sir, if I live in health.' ?? The day came, Stephen was a tradesman of his word, and the stranger sat iu the back parlour, looking curiously into the ring. ' Per Bacco ! Ilarely done. VVhy, Master Curlew, thou hast caught the very chops of glorious Liber ; his swimming eyes and blessed mouth. Ha ! ha ! thou hast put thy heart into the work. Master Curlew ; and how cunningly host thou all but hid the dart of Death bolrind the thyrsus of the god. How his life-giving hand clutches the pulpy cluster, and with what a gush comes down the purple rain, plashing into rubies in the cup of Mors !' ' It was my wish to satisfy, most noblo Sir,' said Stephen, meekly, somewhat confounded by the loud praises of the speaker. ' May you never be choked with a grape-stonp, Master Curlew, for this goodly work. Ha!' und the speaker looked archly at the withered goldsmith ; ' it hath cost thoo many a headanhe ero thou couldst do this.' ' If I may say it, I have laboured hard at the craft — have boon a thrifty, sober man,' said Stephen. ' Sober 1 Ha! ha! ha!' shouted the speaker, and his face glowed redder, and his eyes melted ; ' sober ! why, thou wast bogot in a wine cask, and suckled by a bottlo, or thou hadst never done this. By the thigh of a Jupiter ! he who touched this,' and the stranger held up the ring to his eye, and laughed again, ' ho who touched this, hath never known water. Tut ! man, were 1 to pink thee with a. sword, thou'dst bleed wine !' . ' I,' cried Stephen, ' I bleed ;' and ho glanced fear fully towards the door, and then at the stranger, who continued to look at the ring. ? . ' The skin of the sorriest goat shall sometimes hold the choicest liquor,' said the stranger, looking into the dry face of tho goldsmith. 'Come, confess, art thou not a sly roisterer ? Or art thou a hormit over thy drops, and dost count flasks alone? Ay! ay! well, to thy cellar, man; and, — yes, — thine arms are long enough, — bring up ton bottles of thy choicest Malaga.' - 'I!— ray cellar! — Malaga !' stammered Stephen. ' . ' Surely thou hast a collar ?' and the stranger put his hat upon tho table with the air of a man set in for a carouse.: ? . : ' For forty years, but it hath never known wine,' cried the goldsmith. 'I — I havo never known wino.' Tho stranger said nothing; but turning full upon Stephen, and placing his bands upon his knees, ho blew out his flushing checks like a bagpipe,* and sat with his eyes blazing upon tho horotic. 'No, never !' gasped Stophon, terrified, for a sense of his wiokodness began to possess him. . ...???.; 'And dost thou ropont?' asked tho stranger, with a touch of moroy towards tho sinner. 'I— humph! I'm a poor man, cried Curlew; 'yos, though I'm a goldsmith, and soom, rich, I— I 'm poor! poor! ' ? ; , ' 'Well 't is luoky I como provided; ' and tho stranger placed upon the table a couplo of flasks. Whether ho took them from undor his cloak, or evoked them through the floor, Stephen know not; but ho started at them as they stood robukingly upon his table, as if they had boon two sheeted ghosts. ' Come, glasses,' cried the giver of tho wino. ,''..? ' Glosses !' echoed Stephen, ' in my houso !' 'Right glasses! No— cups, and let them be gold ones,' and the bacchanal,' for it was plain ho was -such, waved his arm, with, an authority which Stephen attempted not to dispute, but rose, and hobbled into the shop, and returned with two cups, just as the first cork was drawn. ' Come there 's sunlight in that, eh 2' . cried tho stranger, as he poured the wine into tho vessels. ' So, thou hast never drunk wine ? Well, here 's to the baptism of thy heart.' And tho stranger emptied the cup, and his lips smacked like a whip. And Stephen Curlew tasted the wine, and looked around, below, above ; and the oaken wainscot did pot split in twain, nor did the floor yawn, nor the ceiling gape. Stephen tasted a second time; thrice did he drink, and lie licked his mouth as a cat licks tho cream from her whiskers, and putting his left hand upon his belly, softly sighed. ' Ha ! ha ! another cup 1 I know thou wilt,' — and Stephen took another, and another ; and the two flasks were in brief timo emptied. They were, however, speedily followed by two more, placed by the stranger on tho table, Stephen opening his eyes and mouth at their mysterious appearance. The contents of these were duly swallowed, and lo ! another two stood before the gold smith, or, as he then thought, four. ' There never was such a Bacchus ?' cried Stephen's customer, eyeing the ring. ' Why, a man may see his stomach fairly heave, and his cheek ripen with wine ; yet, till this night, thou hadat nover tasted the juice ? What — what could have taught thee to carve tho god so capitally!' ' Instinct — instinct,' called out the goldsmith, his lips turned to clay by too much wine. ? ? ? ?- ' And vet,' said the stranger, ' I care not so much for — How old art thou, Stephen ?' . ' ' Sixty-five,' and Stephen hiccuped. ? ' ? ' I care not so much for thy Death, Stephen ; instinct should havo made thoo a bottor hand at Death.' ' 'T is a good Death,' cried the goldsmith, . with unusual boldness, ' a most sweot Death. ' 'T is too broad — tho skeleton of an alderman with tho flesh dried upon him. He hath not tho true desolation — tho ghastly nothingness of tho big bugbear. No matter ; I'm content ; but this I'll say, though thou hast shown thyself a professor at Bacchus, thou art yet but a poor apprentice at Death.' Stephen Curlew answered not with words, but he snored very audibly. How long ho slopt ho could not well discover ; but when ho awoko, he found himself alono ; no, not alone, thoro stood upon tho tablo an unopened flask of wino. In a moment the mystery broke upon him — and he sprang to his feet with a shriek, and rushed into tho shop. No he had not been drugged by thieves — all was as it should be. Tho stranger, like an ' honest and a courteous roan, had taken but his own : and, without disturbing the sleeper, had quitted the house. And Stephen Curlew, the wino glowing in his . heart — yea down to very nails, stood and smiled at the unopened flask boforo him. Stophon continued to eye tho flask; and though its donor had shared with him ho knew not how many bottles, Stophon was resolved that not ono drop of the luscious juice beforo him should wet an alien throat. But how — whero to Bccuro it? For in tho now passion which soizod upon tho goldsmith, the ono flask seemed to him more procious than the costly treasure in his shop — a thing to bo guarded with more scrupulous affection— moro jealous love. In what nook of his houso to hido tho glorious wealth — what corner, whero it might escape tho profano glances and itching fingers of his workmen? Tho thought fell in a golden flash upon him — tho collar— ay, tho cellar! Who of his household ever thought of approaching the cellar ? Stephen seized tho float and lamp, and paused. ? The cellar had no lock ! no matter ; he had a bag of three-inch nails and a stout hammer. The next morning, neighbours met at tho closed door and windows of the goldsmith, and knocked and shouted — shouted and knocked. They were, however, reduced to a crowbar, and, at length, burst into the house. _ Every place was searched, but there was nowhere visible old Stephen Curlew. Days passed on, and strange stories filled the ears of men. One neighbour vowed that ho had had a dream or a vision, ho know not which, -wherein he saw tho goldsmith whirled down tho Strand in a chariot drawn by a lion and a tiger, and driven by a half naked young man, wearing a panther skin, and on his head vine leaves and ivy. An old woman sworo that she had seen Stephen carried away by a dozen devils (very much in liquor), with red faces and goat legs. However, in loss than a month, the goldsmith's nephew, a scrivenor's clerk, took possession of Curlew's wealth, and becatno a new-made butterfly with golden wings. As for Stephen, after various speculations, it was concluded to tho satis faction of all parties, that he must liavo been carried away by Satan himself, and the nephew cared not to combat popular opinions. But such, in truth, was not the end of tho goldsmith. Hear it. Stephen, possessed by the thought of tho cellar, with tho ono flask, a lamp, nails and hammer, proceeded to tho sacred erypt. Ho arrived in the vault, and having kissed the flask, reverently put it down, and straightway addressed himself to the work. Closing tho door, ho drove the first nail, tho second, third ; and borrowing new strength from tho greatness of bis purpose, ho struck each nail upon the heaa with the force and precision of a Cyclops, burying it deep in the oak. With this now. found might, ho drove eleven nails ; the twelfth was between his thumb and finger, whon looking round, — oh ! sad mishap, heavy mischance! awful error! — ho had driven tho nails from tho wrong side ! — In a word, and wo tremble whilo we write it, ho had nailod himself in ! There he stood, and there stood tho flask. He gasped with horror ; 'his foot stumbled, struck the lamp, it fell over, and the light went out. Shall wo write further on tho agony of Stephen Curlew 1 Shall wo describe how he clawed and struck at tho door, now in the hope to wrench a nail, and now to alarm the breathing men above 1 No ; we will not dwell upon tho horror ; it is enough that tho fata of tho goldsmith was dimly shadowed forth ill tho following paragraph of last Saturday. ' Some labourers, digging a foundation near' — no, we will not name tho place, for tho family of the Curlews is not yet oxtinct, and thorc may bo descendants in tho neighbourhood — ' near ? , found a skeleton ; a hammer was beside it, with several long nails : a small wine- flask was abo found near tho remains, which, it is considered, could not have beon in tho vault in which thoy wore discovered, less than a century and tbroo-quartors!' ' Oh, yo heads of families — and oh, yo thrifty, middle aged bachelors, boarding with families, or growing mouldy by yourselves, nover, while yo livo, forgot tho terriblo end of Stephen Curlew. And oh, yo heads of families— and oh, yo aforesaid bachelors, albeit ye havo ' only one bottlo left, never — never nail ? up ihu wine oiaii&n;! : .-..:? -,.- ? ? 