REVIE WIV. (F "om the ~able.) Morge Catiolici; or, Ages of' Faith. Part 1. London: Dolhian. 1844. At leIgth there is to be a possibility of getting this famous work of Mr. Digby'se complete and entire, in a cheaper form and in a manner more convinient for the purchaser. We can now only dra1 attention to this reprint in monthly par!isand whet .jhe aplpetite pf our readers to .hom the book is unfamiliar by a few extrabis. "THIB OPEBNIN. "In ibe third stage of this mortal course, if midway be the sgthl, and on the joyful day which hears.of the great elowd that no man could number,,I found me in the cloister of an abbeys'wvhiher I had come to seek' tp grace of that high festival. The.hour wis daiy' decline and already had "'PlaceboDomi. no," beenu sung lrn iolem titoned, to usher in the houri of. special blcharity jsr i<ie- wholi ao ,aof the suffering Church. A harsh ;iound fr6mn the simlq. tsngous closing of as miany books cased in oak and iron, as. there were.?gices in that full choir, like a sudden thander-orash annoupoed the end of that gliostly.veslsi. The saintly men one by one slowly walked forth, eath proceeding to hia.apecial exercibe. Dgor then ?huttiqg asfir ~oor gave long echoes, till all was mate stilloees. and I was left alone under cloistered arwhes, tp meditate ep the felictty of blessed.spirits, and,en the desire which proepqs both the living and the inmates of tbat .og?on in lthtch the soul is purged frpm sinful stain, to join their ,happy comppay. .Still methougltt :I hpard! them sing ofithd tright and pUii~aant qngeil ascediog trm ih l.rilokg'of the tain and of the twelve times rtelvne 'tionat&d; That were s.igned; dad of the redeemed from every nation and people and language ' and of the angels who stood around the throne in heaveb. It .seemed now ,as if ,I heard a voice like: that which said to Dante, " What thou heardest wea sung that freely thou mighteastopen thy bhert. to the witers of peaoe, thatAlow diffused from theirsternal fountain,' What man 'is there o brutish .?od senseless to tblhgs diline, ia.ot eto haveo sometines experienced an interval like That which is deseribed. by him who'hang of Paradise, to 'whom the world appeared as if stretched far below his feet, and who atw this globe, .So pytil.,of eomblanme, that per:oree It moni lhis emllets and him In truth did hold f"or wsest, who esteems it least; whose thoughts Ilsewbne are fia'd him worthiest eall'd and best? But seeoon the strained ene will sink back to it ; for the human spirit must perforce accomplishn d"the first place its exercise in that school which is to .prepare it fot the home that it' anticipates abbve. Yet I full not disconsolate, nor forgetful of the bright vision. My thoughts were carried backwards to agesIwhbich the'muse of history had taught me long to love;\for it was in the obscure and lowly middle-time of saintly annals that multitpdes of these bright ppirits took their flight fromn a dark world to the heavens. The middle ages, then I said, were ages of highest grace to men ; ages of faith; ages when all Europe was Catholic ; when vast temples were seen to rise in every place of human concourseto give glory to God, and to exalt meno's souls to sanctity; when houses of holy_ pece and order were found amidst woods -and desolate mouno. talis, do the banks of placid lakes as well as on the solitary rocks on the ocean s ages of sanctity which witnessed a Bede, an Alcuin, a Bernard, a Francis,, and crow"sa'who followed then as they did Christ:' ages of vast and benefcient, intelligence, in whbich it pleased the Holy Spirit to dipplay the pqwerof,. the seven gifits, i' thed lives of an Anselm, a Thomap of Aqiuusm, and the saintly flock whose steps a cloister guarded s ages of the highest civil virtue; which gave birth' t the 'laws and institutions of- as Edward, a Lewis, a Suger: ages. of the noblest art, which beheld a Giotto, a Michael Angelo, a Raffae!o a Dominichlnos ages of poetry, which heard,.an Avitus, a Caedmuon, a Dante, a Shakspeare, a Calderonn: ages of more than mgrtal heroism, which produced 'a' Tatiered, and a Gedfrey; ages:of miersty; which knew a" Charlemagne, an Alfred, and the sainted youth who bore the Illy a ages too qf 'Endglid'd glory when sheappears not even excluding a comparison with the'eas'ern empire, as the most truly civilised country on the globe;. when the Sovereign nof the greatest portion of the western world applied to her schools for- instructors; when she sends forth her saints to evangelise the nations of the north, and to diffuse spiritual. treasure over the whole world ; when heroes flock to her courts' to behold the models of reproachless chivalry, and emperors leave their thrones to adore God at the tomrbs of her martyrs! as Dante says No tongue bo vast a theme could equal, specph and thought Bpth Impotent alike. In a little work which embodied the reflections, the hopes, and even the joys, of youthful prime, I ooeo attempted to survey. the middle ages in re'ationatp chivalry; and though in this we had occasion to visit the cloister, and to hear as a stranger who tarries but a night'the 5counsels of the wise and holy, we never were able to regard.the house of peace as our home; we were soon called away from it to return to the world and to the courts of its princes. ' ow, I propose to commence a course which is more peaceful and unpretending, for it only supposes that one has left the world, and withdrawn from these .vain phantoms of honour, and of glory, which distract so often the morning of man's 'day. Thus we read that in youth many have left the c!o':ster, dazzled by the pomp and circumstances of a wild, delusive chivalry, who after a little while have hastened back to it, moved by a sense of earthY vanity, there To Inlsh the short pilgriniage of life, Still speeding to Its close on restless wing." The next sketch gives a sort of outline of the work just en:ered, upon: " Returning to that cloisteral meditation, how many, thought I, throughout the whole world have heard this day the grounds and the consummation .of the saint's felicity I how many have been sum. mooed onward I and told .that the steps were near, and that now the ascent might be without difficilty gained t and yet, A.acanty few are they, who when they heug Such tidings, hasten. 0 yerace of men I Though born to soar, why anuler ye a wlno o. sligltt to baffle ye? •But for those who seemed to feel how sweet was that solemn accent, eight times sung, which taught them who were blessed I would it not be well, when left alone,rand without distraction, if they were to take up histories pqd survey the course which has been trod by saintly feet,.and mark, as if from the sounl. purifying mount, .the ways and works .of men on earth, keeping their eyes with-fixed observance lent upon the.symbol there copveyed, so as to mark how far the form and acts of that life, in ages past, of which them are 1tiil so many monuments around them, argeed, notwith this or that mooern standard of political and social happln~ss and grandeur, but with what by hea en's suffrance gives title to divine and everlasting beatitudp.t Such a view would ,present'a varied and.immesse horizon, comprising .the manners, institutions, and spirit of many gone. ,rations of men long gone by.: we should.see in whlat manner tle whole typeand form of life wrare Christian, .although it;.detail mapy h@pve been often broken and .di~ordered.; for instance, .how the ppqrsults of thie learned, the coensollationsor the poor, the riches ol .the Church, the exercises and dispositions of the young, and the common hope anri consplation of all men,.harmonised with.the character pf those that sought to be poor in spirit; how, agaio,.the prspciple of obedience, the constitution of.the oChurch, the division of ministration, and the role of government, the manners and iostitutjons of society, agreed with seekhness and inherited its recompense; further, ,hob' the sifrerings of just mep, and the'provisions for a penitential spirit, wqre in accordance with the state,of those that were to mournand weep; then hpwitheqsharacter of me in sacred orders, the zeal of the,a!ityand the lives of ali ranks, denoted the Ihunger and thirst after justici; again, how the .intSittjpns, the foupdations, and the recognised priciple of perfeetion p?ioclaimed mns merrcifel I moreovierh bow ths p'biioophy which prevailed, sad the ispirituisl mooumenia which were raised by piety anrd genius, evinced the clean .pf heart; still ftrther, how the unioon ef.patiops apd the bond of peace vqhich eijated even qmidst sgvage discord, wars, and'confuslois; as also how the holy retreats for innocence which then every whe;e abounded. maLsked the muliltude of pacific man: and, finally, how tle pdvantsae talen of digeleveqt,, and the acts of. saintly and heroic fame, revealed the spirit_ which shunpd not suffering loft sk. ofijustice.". Another pastage takes us baeck to the.paintliop?s .ofEngland in the old timessb ."' ThFbus these agiios need to cy, let there .be~o Catholics smongst us, it is tot lawful that they should be seen pere; which was as much pas to say, it is not istful to admit the livineg pao g the dead. Deanwhle, vserythigg serves ro.remind them. of their paintly and mighty anceptora. Their ftagoi6l. cent dpmes pnd towers, still remaip, of which every' arch he its scroll teaching Catholic wisdom, i~nd every windpow represents sople oanonised saint, The spot that angels delinet to grase Zs blessed, though robbers haunt the pleaow. Anod thpogh their gravei are yearly violated, and the stope caserer which contain their veaerable ashes hewn and acatteted.on the public ways, still does their virtne live, by a kind of vage4-sadition, in the memory of the peoples- Even by the bad cotmaeended, while theytleave its course untrod. "Towns still bear no other name but that of the saint or martyr who frtt gave them renown-a St. Albsn, a S:, Noet, a St. Ives, py a St Edmund. Our lonely mountain sides' still have crosses,'whose rude form attest their Saxon origin, and still are there plous hands among the simple people of those wild hills, to guard them frmn profanation. The sweet counteraqeaei f saintly kings and holy abbots, carved in stones are still remaining over the solemn gates of venerable piles ; and by the side of the pompous inscription, in more thax pagan vanity, the antiquig slab is often discernable, which humbly invokes the pirayer for a goul's rest. There too still flow the same dark waters, o'er whose wave so often swept at midnight the peal of the convent bell, or was heard faintly chanting the man of blessed order, as he hastened on the errand of chqrity. Lo; yonder are the shattered arches of some abbey, on a river's bank, more lonesome than the roads that traverge desert wilds. It is Croyland, and at that calm ao.r aplemq hour, When near the dawn, the swallow her sad !4y, Rememb'ring haply ancient qrief, renews; When our minds, more wand'rers from the flesh, And less by thought restrain'd, are, as 'twera, full Of holy divination. " You approach and kneel upon the spot, and the long desgjited walls of the ruined sanctuary wonder at the pious stranger, who seemg to bear alone, through a benighted world, the torch of faith. Where is now that devout assembly for the early sacrifice s where that rich and varied order, the gorgeous vestments, and the bright gems, and all The beauteous garniture of altars on a festal time ? Olr old historians dwell with delight upon the glory of this place. They describe at length the altars of gold, the 'rohly-painted windows, the solemn organs placed on high over the entrance, the cande. labras of solid silver god the processional cross, the ppleadid presents of the Mercian kings, of the emperors of Germany, and princes of France, the beautital buildings, the great hostel for. thp poor, and the hall for noble grests. They leave us to picture to ourselves the bpnign countenance of meditative ago, the cheerful grace of angelic youth, the innocent joys of study, the delights of unity pod peace, thl ppalmsdy, the sweet entonation of sublime prayer, the silence,-the charity, the faith so oft attested at St. Guthlae's shrine, the lives of the saints, and the death of the just ! Alasl all are gone, and gothiog remains but a dpsolation, the mere view of which chills the heart; some mouldering arches, which each succeeding winter threatens to lay prostrate; a line of wretched cabins, which shelter game wild people, that seem ignorant of God and Christ, untaught and sensual, like those who know not whether there was such a thiqg as the Holy Ghost, pepared to ,ssure the stranger that these walls wpre once a gaol, or a place built by the Romans, whilp all around you lies a dark and dismal fen, where a gibbet lo more li~ely to meet your eye than a cross, the image of death and not of redemp tion I The very earth seems to mourn--" Terram teoebrosam, etopertam mortis caligne, terram mise rim et tenebrarum, ubi umbra mortis, et nullus ordo, sed sempilernus, horror inlabitat.' Alas I what remained for the sad pilgrim, but to smite his breast and continue the accustomed chaunt - 'Quid faciam .miserl ubi fugiam t Anima mea turbata est valde; sed .t, Domine, succurre ei. Ubi est non prmstolatio meat ei patientiam meam quls considerat Tu eas, Dominoe, Deus m eus. '? 