-0 Tun Naw Suoon BaLL.'-The Act of last session, admitting foreign sugar the produce of free labour ipso this country, at a duly of 34s. per cwt., tame into operation yesterday (Monday), but there is scarcely any sugar, either in this port or in London, which is entitled to be entered under its provisions, and very little is likely to arrive before the spring of next year. When the matter of Consuls is arranged, there is no doubt that tbe arrivals of sugar from be yond the Cape will be very conssderable. The only lot of foreign free grown sugar in Liverpool, entitled to admission, of which we have heard, is a small quantity of Venezuela sugar shipped at Laguars. I'here is very little of it, and no more can be gotr at present owing to the demand on the spot fo refining. A friend of ours has given us a saample which shows it to be a most beantiful sugar, full of saccharine matter, and of an excellent colour and quality. If a suflilient quantity of sugar of this kind can be obtained either from America or Asia, or both, it will be a most valuable addition to the existing supply, and will have a great effect on prices.-Liverpool Times, SutwnoNuo PoLneOa.-We have ascertained that Constable Brophy, who occupied so prominent a position in the late Government invtstigatlion, has been dismissed the force. The order for dismissal was communicated to him at the Castle by Colonel Ml'Greger, Inspector General of Constabulary.-. Freemaor'a Journal. Miss MAnlNtrNAu.-T-ie alledged recovery of this lady from a painful illness, which had baffsd all other meoans of treatment, by means of rrssme. rism, has produced much discussion. We are happy to say that the fact of her health having been In a great measure restored; after no less than flive years of great suffering, is beyond all doubt. During that long period ahe was condfiedhi Ii Ah'h'ouse, but she is now able' to move about freely, and hopes before long to visit her friends in Liverpool. This gratifylng change has followed the application of mesmeric remedies, and she believes that it has been occasioned by them. From all that we have heard on the subject, we are somewhat sceptical as to the fact of mesmerism having had the benefi:ial influence which she attributes to it; but the case is a very curious one at the least, deserving of being investigated and studied.-Liverpool Times. DIScovERY OF A VAST CATACOMB.--The Austrian ambassador, M. Prokesch, and Professor Rooz, in exploring the Island of Miloes, hbave discovered a vast catacomb, containing atleast a thousand tombs cut in the volcanic tufa. The walls of this subter. ranean cemetry are covered with Greek and Roman inscrtptions of from the second to the sixth century. Most part of the tombs themselves have been opened and are empty. This was done, no doubt, by the barbarians of the north, who in the middle ages destroyed so many Hellenic monuments, respecting the dwelling places of the dead as little as those of the living. Da. PussY AND MRe NElvMAWN.-We have many inquiries respecting the open adherence to the Church as well as the doctrines of Rome, of Mr. Newman, Dr. Pusey, and others. To these inquiries we are scarcely at liberty to make a full reply. Nearly a month since we received information which warranted the intimation we gave last week; and we observe that a London paper, usually well in. formed, speaks distinctly of a correspondence be tween Mr. Newman and Mr. Williams, respecting a remove to. Rome, the latter gentleman being reluctant, as well also Dr. Pusey. We have also reason to believe that, ten days since, a conference, at which the principal Tractarians assisted, was held here, in which the question of Rome in the Church, or Rome in and with Pome was discussed; the least honest being in the majority ! So the movement was postponed. It is said, in Tractarian circles, that about twenty, who are now traitors to the Church, are prepared to depart to their own place together, when the signal is given.--Oford Chronicle. Tes IDEAL OP A CIeRISTIAN CHURCH.-MR. WaVoD.-Again is the comedy of The Sir Doctors' recast and with new performers, about to be enacted at Oxford. The new Vice Chancellor, as the first specimen of that peaceable and just reign which was promised at his inauguration, at the dictation and request of the Master of Balliol, has appointed a secret and inquisitorial board of six to sit in judgment on the lately published work of Mr. Ward, in order, if possible,. to obtain his condem. nation, and his expulsion from the University, his own college having unanimously refused to take any steps towards either end. The tribunal now sitting is composed entirely of his enemies; the late Vice. Chancellor, Doctors Cramer and Cardwell. the Provost of Oriel, and Master of Ballial himself, are five of the number, and there is not the semblance of a High Churchman among. them. The secret and underhand mode of proceeding is again adopted; up to this day Mr. Ward has had no notice of the step taken, or any invitation to defend himself. It is not wonderful that the just and severe strictures passed in his work on the state of things in the English Church and Univer sities, should have been felt to be unanswerable, and that the objects of his remarks, galled with their truth and stringency, should endeavour to put down by force him to whom they can make no satis factory reply. " There is a man, Micaiahl, the son of Imlah, but I hate him, for he doth not prophecy gand conesrning me, but evil." "* Thus anith the King, put'this fellow in the prison, and feed him with the bread of afflic:ion, until I cime In peace." To show the bitter spirit which animates there persecutors, I may further state that the list of select preachers, including the names of Doctor Moberly, Henry Wilberforce, Churton, and. others nominated by the proctors, has been wholly rejected by the Vice-Chancellor- whilst, of course, his list was, in retaliation, entirely vetoed by them. To what end will all those unseemly broils and enmities come?-Morning Post. Ma. HOOD ON OVaR.TAxsD AND UNDBR.PAID LAnoea.-- As my works testify, I am of the working class myself, and in my humble sphere fur. nlsh employment for many hands, including paper. makers, draughtsmen, engravers, compositors, pressmen, binders, folders, and stitchers, and critics, all receiving a fair day's wages for a; fair, day's work. My gains consequently are limited-not nearly so enormous as. have been realised upon shirt, slops, shawls, &c.-curiously; illustrating how a man or a woman might be 'clothed with curses as with a garment.' My fortune may be expressed without a long row of those clphers-- 0's, at once significant of hundreds of thousands of pounds, and as many ejaculations of pain and sorrow from dependent slaves. My wealthmight all be hoarded if I were miherly, in a gallipot or a tin snufftbox. My guineas placed edge to edge, instead of extend. iong from the Minories to Golded.square, would barely reach from home to Bread Street. My riches would hardly allow me a rollin them, thank God I noreproach clings to my coin. No tears or blood clog the meshes, no hair plucked in desperation, Is knitted with the silk of my lean purse. No con sumptive sempstress can point at me with her bony finger, and say ' For thee, setoing informns pouperl, I am become this living skeleton I' or hold up to me hier fdtal needle, as one through the eye of which the scripturial camel must pass era I may hope to enter leaven. No withered work.woman, shaking at me her dripping suicidal locks, can cry, in a piereing voice,.' For thee, and for a.si poor peace, I embroidered eighty flowers on this veil'-. literally a veil of tears. -No famishing labourer, his joints racked with toil, holds out tolnie in the palm of his broad hard hand seven miserable shil. lings, and mutters, ' For these, and a parish loaf, for six long days, from dawn till dusk, through hot and cold, through wet and dry, I tilled thy land I' My short sleeps are peaceful, my dreams untroubled. No ghlastly phantoms withl reproachful faces, and silence more terrible than speech, haunt my quit pillow." .. . IELnolous DsLstrON.-Portions of tho popula. tion of all the large eastern cities toin America have been more or less tho victims of a singular andl fan. tsatical delusion. They call thlemselves Miilerites, and imp!ictlty believed the delirious and.impious raviogs of one Miller, who had prophesied that the second Advent would certainly occur on the 23rd instant, when this fair globe would be destroyed by conflagration I Here in Baltimore and in Boatop, the, civil authorities have been compelled to eluse their churches by force, In consequence of hundreds of them having assemnbled and thrown ihe neigh bourhood into wild alarm, by their yelling, and howliog cries oand lamentations. On the even. ing of the 23d instant many ,hundreds of these crasy people repsised to camnps near this city, attired themselves ino long white cottoo dresses, which they called thelir ' ascension robes," and were seen wan. dering tlhrough the woods and on the banks of the rivers by moonlight, like sheeted ghosts. They left their linailss and their families, and manDy children would have perished had it not been for the kindness of their fellow citizens. For days this flame of dangerous supersittion and enthusiasm spread like wild fire. There was no stopping it. In two or three instances the victims anticipated the end of the world by suicide; one named Culp threw him self into the cataract of the Niagara; and now that the day has passed over, many are found to be (in. curably pefhaps) delirious. Such scenes as are here alluded to have not probably occurred for centuries, and it is to be hoped that centuries will again roll away before such sorry evidences of the weakness of human nature, and the distress which invariably attends them, will harrow up the feelings. STRANOB SCENa.--On Friday last, a most sinugular scene took place at St. Peters, near this town. For some time cracks and rents have been observed in the walls of various houses in this vicinity, and especially. in those, near the: Docka. On Friday, however, as the landlord of the Ship Inn was at breakfast, several squares of glass gave way with a crackling noise, and an evident settling or sinking took place in the house. This was followed by a sinking of some other houses, and of the docks. Some walls fell, and the whole had the appearance of an earthquake on a small scale.:: No personal hurts were sustained, but the damage is great, and some of the houses are closed. The cause is a shrink or "creep" in the older workings of Friar's Goose Colliery (on the opposite bank), which extend under the river at this spot.-Tyne Mrcaury. 