XXTSBATURX:. HAMLET. by von ferdinand fbeiligarth. We take this poem because it is a most graphic picture of German national character by one of Germany's most patriotic sons. It is au epitome of all that Mr. Howitt has detailed in his " Ex periences."' For poetry, as poetry, and of a splendid Kind, Ave should have selected rattier " A Spot on the Rhine," or " High Water," in which the poet alludes to his own present situ ation, and to the beautiful and noble resolves of his high-minded and accomplished Avife " to go to the end of the earth Avith him for the sake of him and of her country." Deutschlaud is Hamlet! Solemn, slow, Within its gates Avalks every night, Pale, buried Freedom to and fro, And fills the watchers Avith affright. There stands the lofty shape, white-clad, And bids the shrinker in his fear — " Be mine avenger — draw thy blade — They've ponied poison in mine ear !" With quaking hones still listeneth he, Till the dread truth stands Avholly kenned, And vgavs he will the avenger be — But will he dare it in the end ? He thinks — and dreams on dreams succeed — No means to steel his breast can start — , Still for the high and daring deed There fails the high and daring heart. That comes of studying all too hard; He lay and read too much in bed ; His blood grew sluggish, scarcely stirred— His breathing short — he was o'erfed ! He span the learned yarns too well ; His best of deeds was hut his thinking ; Too long in Wittenberg did dwell, In college hall or hall of drinking. Thus lost he all his resolution ; Some time, come means — he feigned him mad — Soliloquized, for execution, And eased his Avrath in verses, sad. He took to pantomime, and — whew ! He gets the Avhim that he must fight one; And then Polonius Kotzebne Is stabbed instead of— just the right one ! Thus bears he dreamily his Avoe — With secret scorn himself doth rack ; Across the seas sets out to go, And comes Avith biting speeches hack; Fires off whole arsenals of scorn — T alks of a shred and patchwork king ; But for a deed — Good heavens, forlorn ! There's not the trace of such a thing ! Till finally he takes his stand, Resoh-ed his oath to vindicate. Bnt, ah ! that's in the last act, and But drags doAvn on him his'oAvn fate ! By those his hate effectual was With shame aud death to overwhelm, He lies unsouled — and Fortinbras Comes sounding in to seize the realm. Thank God ! so far we are not come ! We've seen played out four acts alone- Hero ! take heed that Hamlet's doom In the fifth act he not thine own ! We're hoping early, hoping late. Oh rouse thee ! to the fight advanced— Avenge the imploring spectre's fate — Assert his cause, while yet thou canst! Oh seize, the moment that conferred is — Forth sword! and to the conflict hound Ere with French rapier, a Laertes Deals with thee a false and poisoned wound. Ere rushing come a northern route, To seize thine heritage and home, Oh take thou heed — for much I doubt If this time it from Norway come. But one resolve ! — the way stands clear — Think on the oath that thou hast sworn ; Rush to the lists, and, void of fear, Avenge thy father's ghost forlorn ! Why all this pondering ? Let it he — Yet — can I chide, myself a dreamer ? , Myself, in troth, a part of thee — ' Thou ever-wavering, lingering schemer ? 