dclcct poctrD. -0 TBE GOOD OLD TIMES OF ENGT.AND. (From "Hlerologus, or the Church 'Tourists," by the Rev. J. M. . Neale(Church of England). Oh, the good'old limes'ot England! ere, in her evil day, From their holy faith and their ancient rites her people fell away! When her gentlemen had hands to give, nd heryeomen bharts to feel; And they raised up mnony a head-house, but never a hastile; And the poor they honcured, for they knew that He who for us bled, Had seldom, when He came on earth, whereon to lay Ills head; And by the poor man's dying bed the holy pastor stood, To fortify the parting soul with that celestial food; And in the moral agony the priest ye might behold, Comniedileg to his Father's hatids a sheep of Ilis own fold; And when'the soul was fled from earth, the Church coulddo yet more, For the chaunling priests came slow in front, and the cross wenton before; And o'er the poor man's pall they bade the sacred banner wave, To teach her sons that Holy Church hbith victory o'er the grave. But times and things are altered now; and Englishmen begin To class the beggar with the knave, and poverty witp sin: We shut them up from tree and flower, and from tie blessed sun; We tear in twain the hearts that God' hia edlock hath made one The hearts that beat so faithfully, reposing side by side, For fifty years of weal and woe, from eve till morning- tide a No gentle nun withl !er comfoit sweet, no friar standeth nigh, With ghostly strength anid holy love to close* the poor man's eye; But the corpse is thrown into the ground, when the prayers are hurried o er, To rest in peace a little while, and then make way for more! We mourn not for our abbey.lands; e'en pass they as they may ! Butwomoan because the tyrantfound a richer spoil than they. He cast away, as a thing defiled, the remembrance of thejust, Asd the retios of cur martyrs he scattered to the dust; Yet two at least, in their holy shrines, escaped the spoilers a hand, And St. Culhbert and St. Edward might alone redeem a land ! And still our litan!es ascend like incense, as before; And still wee hold the one full faith Itica taught of yore; And still sur children, duly plunged in the baptismal flood, "Of water and the Holy Ghost, are born the sons of God!' And still our solemn festivals from age to age endhre, And wedded truth remains as firm, and wedded love as pure; And many an earnest prayer ascends from many a bidden spot, And England's Church is Catholic, though England's self be notl England of Sant.s! the hour is nigh-faa nigherimay it be Than yet I deem, albeit that day I may not live to see When all thy commerce, all thy arts, and wealth, and power, and fame, Shall melt aiway at thy most need, like wax before the flame; Then shalt thou find thy truest strength thy martyrs' prayers above; Then shalt thouafind thy truest wealth thine holy deeds of love; And thy Chairch, awaking from her sleep, come glorious forth at length, And in eight of men and angels display her hidden strength: Again shall long processions sweep through Lincoln's minster pile; Again shill banner, cross, and cope, gleam through the in. censed sis'e, And the faithful dead shall claim their part in the Church's thoughtful prayer, And the daily sacrifice to God be duly offered there; An tieree, and nones, and matins, shall have each their holy lay y; And the Angelus at Compline shall sweetly close toe day! 3ngl?d bo Saints I the peace will dawn-but not without the fight; So come the contest when it may-and God defend the right I 