LIFE AND ADVENTURES of MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT. B7 C. DICKENS, Esq. continued from our last. CHAPTER XI. wherein a certain gentleman becomes particular in his attentions to a certain lady j and more coming events than oni'., cast their sha dows before. The family were within two or three days of their departure from Mrs. Todgers's, and the commercial gentlemen- were to a man despondent and not to be comforted, because of the approaching separation, when Bailey junior, at the jocund time of noon, presented himself before Miss Charity Pecksniff, then sitting with her sister in the banquet chamber, hemming six new pocket handkerchiefs for Mr. Jinkins ; and having expressed a hope, preliminary and pious, that he might be blest, gave her, in his pleasant way, to understand that a visitor attended to pay his respects to her, and was at that moment waiting in the draw ing-room. Perhaps this last announcement showed in a more striking point of view than any lengthened speeches could have done, the trustfulness and faith of Bailey's nature ; since he had, in fact, last seen the visitor upon the doGr-mat, where, after sig nifying to him that he would do well to go up-stairs, he had left him to the guidance of his own sagacity. Hence it was at least an even chance that the visitor was then wandering on the roof of the house, or vainly seeking to extricate himself from a maze of bed-rooms ; Todgers's being pre cisely that kind of establishment in which an unpiloted stranger is pretty sure to find himself in some place where he least ex pects and least desires to be. " A gentleman for me ?" cried Cha rity, pausing in lier work ; " my gracious Bailey !" " Ah !" said Bailey. " It is my gracious, a'nt it? "Wouldn't I be gracious neither, not if I was him !" The remark was rendered somewhat ob scure in itself, by reason (as the reader may have observed) of a redundancy of negatives ; but accompanied by action ex pressive of a faithful couple walking arm- in-arm towards a parochial church, mutu ally exchanging looks of love, it clearly signified this youth's conviction that the caller's purpose was of an amorous ten dency. Miss Charity affected to reprove so great a liberty ; but she could not help smiling. He was a strange boy to be sure. There was always some ground of proba bility and likelihood mingled with his ab surd behaviour. That was the best of it ! " But I don't know any gentleman, Bai ley," said Miss Pecksniff. " I think you must have made a mistake." " Mr. Bailey smiled at the extreme wild- ness of such a supposition ; and regarded the young ladies with unimpaired affability. " My dear Merry,-' said Charity, " who can it be ? Isn't it odd ? I have a great mind not to go to him really. So very strange you know." The younger sister plainly considered that this appeal had its origin in the pride of being called upon and asked for ; and that it was intended as an assertion of su periority, and a retaliation upon her for having captured the commercial gentleman. Therefore, she replied, with great affection and politeness, that it was, no doubt, very strange indeed ; and that she was totally at a loss to conceive what the ridiculous person unknown could mean by it. " Quite impossible to divine !" said Cha rity, with some sharpness, " though still, at the same time, you needn't be angry my dear." " Thank you," retorted Merry, singing at her needle. " I am quite aware of that, my love." "I am afraid your head is turned, you silly thing," said Cherry. "'Do. you know, my dear," said Merry, with engaging candour, " that I have been afraid of that, myself, all along ! So much insense and nonsense, and all the rest of it, is enough to turn a stronger head than mine. What a relief it must be to you, my dear, to be so very comfortable in that respect, and not to be worried by these odious men ! How do you do it, Cherry ?" This artless inquiry might have led to turbulent results, but for the strong emo tions of delight evinced by Bailey junior, whose relish in the turn the conversation had lately taken was so acute, that it impelled and forced him to the instantaneous per formance of a dancing step, extremely dif ficult in its nature, and only to be achieved in a moment of ecstacy , which is commonly called The Frogs' Hornpipe. A manifesta tion so lively, brought to their immediate recollection the great virtuous precept — " Keep up appearances whatever you do," in which they had been educated. They forbore at once, and jointly signified to Mr. Bailey that if he should presume to practice that figure any more in their presence they would instantly acquaint Mrs. Todgers with the fact, and would demand his condign punishment at the hands of that lady. The young gentleman having expressed the bit terness of his contrition by affecting to wipe away his scalding tears with his apron, and afterwards feigning to wring a vast amount of water from that garment, held the door open while Miss Charity passed out ; and so that damsel went in state up-stairs to receive her mysterious adorer. By some strange concurrence of favour able circumstances he had found out the drawing- room, and was sitting there alone. "Ah, cousin," he said. "Here I am, you see. You thought I was lost, I'll be bound. Well, how do you find yourself by this time?" Miss Charity replied that she was quite well ; and gave Mr. Jonas Chuzzlewit her hand. " That's right," said Mr. Jonas, " and you've got over the fatigues of the journey, have you ? I say— how's the other one?" " My sister is very well, I believe," re turned the young lady. " I have not heard her complain of any indisposition, sir. Perhaps you would like to see her, and ask her yourself?" " No, no, cousin!" said Mr. Jonas, sit ting down beside her on the window-seat. " Don't be in a hurry. There's no occasion for that, you know. What a cruel girl you are !" ' It's impossible for you to know," said Cherry, " whether I am or not." " Well, perhaps it is," said Mr. Jonas. "I say — did you think I was lost? You haven't told me that." "I didn't think at all about it," answered Cherry. " Didn't you, though ?" said Jonas, pon dering upon this strange reply. " Did the other one ?" "I am sure it's impossible for me to say what .my sister may, or may not have thought on such a subject," cried Cherry. " She never said anything to me about it, one way or other." " Didn't she laugh about it ?" inquired Jonas. "No. She didn't even laugh about it," answered Charity. " She's a terrible one to laugh, an't she?" said Jonas, lowering his voice. " She is very lively,'' said Cherry. " Liveliness is a pleasant thing — when it don't lead to spending money. An't it ?" asked Mr. Jonas. " Yery much so, indeed," said Cherry, with a demureness of manner that gave a very disinte rested character to her assent. " Such liveliness as yours I mean, you know," observed Mr. Jonas, as he nudged her with his elbow. " I should have come to see you before, but I didn't know where you was. How quick you hurried off,, that morning !" " I was amenable to my Papa's direc tions," said Miss Chaiity. " I wish he had given me his direction," returned her cousin, "and then I should have found you out before. Why, I shouldn't have found you even now, if I hadn't met him in the street this morning. What a sleek, sly chap he is ! Just like a tom-cat, an't he?" " I must trouble you to have the good ness to speak more respectfully of my Papa, Mr. Jonas," said Charity. "I can't allow such a tone as that, even in jest." " Ecod, you may say what you like of my father, then, and so I give you leave," said Jonas. " I think it's liquid aggrava tion that circulates through his veins, and not regular blood. How old should you think my father was, cousin ?" " Old, no doubt," replied Miss Charity ; " but a fine old gentleman." " A fine old gentleman !" repeated Jonas, giving the crown of his hat an angry knock. " Ah ! It's time he was thinking of being drawn out a little finer too. Why, he's eighty!" "Is he, indeed ?" said the young lady. " And ecod," cried Jonas, " now lie's gone so far without giving in, I don't see much to prevent his being ninety ; no, nor even a hundred. Why, a man with my feeling ought to be ashamed of being eighty — let alone more. Where's his religion I should like to know, when he goes flying in the face of the Bible like that I Three- score-and-ten's . the mark ; and no man with a conscience, and a proper sense of what's expected of him, has any business to live longer." Is any one surprised at Mr. Jonas mak ing such a reference to such a book for such a purpose ? Does any one doubt the old saw, that the Devil (being a layman) quotes Scripture for his own ends ? If he will take the trouble to look about Iiim, lie may find a greater number of confirmations of the fact, in the occurrences of any sin gle day, than the steam-gun can discharge balls in a minute. " But there's enough of my father," said Jonas ; " it's of no use to go putting one's self out of the way by talking about him. I called to ask you to come and take a walk, cousin, and see some of the sights ; and to come to our house afterwards, and have a bit of something. Pecksniff will most likely look in in the evening, he says, and bring you home. See, here's his writing; I made put it down this morning ; when he told me he shouldn't be back before I came here; in case you wouldn't believe me. Theres's nothing like proof, is there ? Ha, ha ! I say — you'll bring the other one, you know !" Miss Charity cast her eyes upon her father's autograph, which merely said — " Go, my children, with your cousin. Let there be union among us when it is possi ble;" and after enongli of hesitation to im part a proper value to her consent, with drew, to prepare her sister and herself for the excursion. She soon returned, accom panied by Miss Mercy, who was by no means pleased to leave the brilliant tri umphs of Todgers's for the society of Mr. Jonas and his respected father. " Aha !" cried Jonas. " There you are, are you ?" " Yes, fright," said Mercy, " here I am; and I would much rather be anywhere else, I assure you." " You don't mean that," cried Mr. Jonas. " You can't, you know. It isn't possible." " You can have what opinion you like, fright," retorted Mercy. " I am content to keep mine ; and mine is that you are a very unpleasant, odious, disagreeable per son." Here she laughed heartily, and seemed to enjoy herself very much. " Oh, your'e a sharp gal!" said Mr. Jonas. " She's a regular teazer, an't she, cousin?" Miss Charity replied in effect, that she was unable to say what the habits and propensities of a regular teazer might be ; and that even if she possessed such in formation, in would ill become her to admit the existence of any creature with such an unceremonious name in the family ; far less in the person of a beloved sister, " what ever," added Cherry with an angry glance, " whatever her real nature may be." " "VVell, my dear !" said Merry, " the only observation I have to make, is, that if we don't go out at once, I shall certainly take my bonnet off again, and stay at home." This threat had the desired effect of pre venting any farther altercation, for Mr. Jonas immediately proposed an adjourn ment, and the same being carried unani mously, they departed from the house straightway. On the door-step, Mr. Jonas gave an arm to each cousin ; which act of gallantry being observed by Bailey junior, from the garret window, was by him sa luted with a loud and violent fit of cough ing, to which paroxysm he was still the victim when they turned the corner. Mr. Jonas inquired in the first instance if they were good walkers, and being an swered "Yes," submitted their pedestrian powers to a pretty severe test; for he showed them as many sights, in the way of bridges, churches, streets, outsides of thea tres, and other free spectacles, in that one forenoon, as most people see in a twelve month. It was observable in this gentle man that he had an insurmountable distaste to the insides of buildings ; and that he was perfectly acquainted with the merits of all shows, in respect of which there was any charge for admission, which it seemed were every one detestable, and of the very lowest, grade of merit. He was so tho roughly possessed with this opinion, that when Miss Charity happened to mention the circumstance of their having been twice or thrice to the theatre with Mr. Jinkins and party, he inquired, as a matter of course, " where the orders came from?" and being told that Mr. Jinkins and party paid, was beyond description entertained, observing that " they must be nice flats, certainly ;" and often in the course of the walk, bursting out again into a perfect convulsion of laughter at the surpassing silliness of those gentlemen, and (doubtless) at his own superior wisdom. When they had been out for some hours and were thoroughly fatigued, it being by that time twilight, Mr. Jonas intimated that he would show them one of the best pieces of fun with which he was acquainted. This joke was of a practical kind, and its humour lay in taking a hackney-coach to the extreme limits of possibility for a shilling. Happily it brought them to the place where Mr. Jonas dwelt, or the young ladies might have rather missed the point and cream of the jest. The old-established firm of Anthony Chuzzlewit and Son, Manchester Ware housemen, and so forth, had its place of business in a very narrow street somewhere behind the Post Office ; where every house was in the brightest summer morning very gloomy ; and where light porters watered the pavement, each before his own em ployer's premises, in fantastic patterns, in the dog-days ; and where spruce gentle men with their hands in the pockets of symmetrical trousers, were always to be seen in warm weather contemplating their undeniable boots in dusty warehouse door ways, which appeared to be the hardest work they did, except now and then carry ing pens behind their ears. A dim, dirty, smoky, tumble-down, rotten old house it was, as anybody would desire to see ; but there the firm of Anthony Chuzzlewit and I Son transacted all their business and their pleasure too, such as it was ; for neither the young man nor the old had any other residence, or any care or thought beyond its narrow limits. Business, as may be readily supposed, was the main thingjn this establishment ; insomuch indeed that it shouldered com fort out of doors, and jostled the domestic arrangements at every turn. Thus in the miserable bed-rooms there were files of moth eaten letters hanging up against the walls; and linen rollers, and fragments of old patterns, and odds and ends of spoiled goods, strewn upon the ground ; while the meagre bedsteads, washing-stands, and scraps of carpet, were huddled away into corners as objects of secondary consider ation, not to be thought of but as dis agreeable necessities, furnishing no profit, and intruding on the one affair of life. The single sitting-room was on the same principle, a chaos of boxes and old papers, and had more counting-house stools in it than chairs : not to mention a great monster of a desk straddling over the middle of the floor, and an iron safe sunk into the wall above the fire- place. The solitary little table for purposes of refection and social enjoyment, bore as fair a pro portion to the desk and other business furniture, as ihe graces and harmless relaxations of life had ever done, in the presence of the old man and his son, to their pursuit of wealth. It was meanly laid out, now, for dinner ; and in a chair before the fire, sat Anthony himself, who rose to greet his son and his fair cousins as they entered. An ancient proverb warns us that we should not expect to find old heads upon young shoulders ; to, which it may be added that we seldom meet with that un natural combination, but we feel a strong desire to knock them off ; merely from an inherent love we have of seeing things in their right places. It is not improbable that many men, in no-wise choleric by nature, felt this impulse rising up within them, when they first made the acquaint ance of Mr. Jonas ; but if they had known him more intimately in his own house, and had sat with him at his own board, it would assuredly have been paramount to all other considerations. " Well, ghost !" said Mr. Jonas, duti fully addressing his parent by that tide. " Is dinner nearly ready ?" " I should think it was," rejoined the old man. " What's the good of that?" rejoined the son. " I should think it was. I want to know." " Ah ! I don't know for certain," said Anthony. " You don't know for certain," rejoined his son in a lower tone. "No. You don't know anything for certain, you don't. Give me your candle here. I want it for the gals." Anthony handed him a battered old office candlestick, with which Mr.- Jonas preceded the young ladies to the nearest bedroom, where he left them to take off their shawls and bonnets ; and returning, occupied himself in opening a bottle of wine, sharpening the carving-knife, and muttering compliments to his father, until they and the dinner appeared together. The repast consisted of a hot leg of mutton with greens and potatoes ; and the dishes having been set upon the table by a slipshod old woman, they were left to enjoy it after their own manner. " Bachelor's Hall you know, cousin," said Mr. Jonas to Charity. " I say— the other one will be having a laugh at this when she gets home, won't she ? Here ; you sit on the right side of me, and I'll have her upon the left. Other one, will you come here ?'' " You're such a fright," replied Mercy, " that I know I shall have no appetite if I sit so near you ; but I suppose I must." " An't she lively ?'' whispered Mr. Jonas to the elder sister, with his favourite elbow emphasis. " Oh I really don't know !" replied Miss Pecksniff, tartly, "I am tired of being asked such ridiculous questions." " What's that precious old father of mine about now?" said Mr. Jonas, seeing. that his parent was travelling up and down the room, instead of taking his seat at table. " What are you looking for?" " I've lost my glasses, Jonas," said old Anthony. " Sit down without your glasses, can't you ?" returned his son. " You don't eat or drink out of 'em, I think ; and where's that sleepy-headed old Chuffey got to ! Now, stupid. Oh ! you know your name, do you ?" It would seem that he didn't, for he didn't come until the father called. As he spoke the door of a small glass office, which was partitioned off from the rest of the room, was slowly opened, and a little blear-eyed, weazen-faced, ancient man came creeping out. He was of a remote fashion, and dusty, like the rest of the furniture : he was dressed in a decayed suit of black ; with breeches garnished at. the knees with rusty wisps of ribbon, the very paupers of shoe strings ; on the lower portion of his spindle legs were dingy worsted stockings of the same colour. He looked as if he had been put away and forgotten half a century be fore, and somebody had just found him in a lumber-closet. Such as he was, he came slowly creeping on towards the table, until at last he crept into the vacant chair, from which, as his dim faculties became conscious of the pre sence of strangers, and those strangers ladies, he rose again, apparently intending to make a bow. But he sat down once more, without having made it, and breath ing on his shrivelled hands to warm them, remained with his pure blue nose immove able above his plate, looking at nothing, with eyes that saw nothing, and a face that meant nothing. Take him in that state, and he was an embodiement of nothing. Nothing else. to be continued 