Select Poetry. TRYING TO PLEASE EVERYBODY. HINT TO EDITORS. One reader cries, your strain's too grave, Too much morality you have, Too much about religion : Give me some witch and wizard tales, Of slip-shod ghosts with fins and scales, And feathered like a pigeon. I love to read, another cries, Those monstrous fashionable lies — In other words, those novels Composed of kings, and priests and lords, Of border wars, and Gothic hordes That used to live in hovels. No no, cries one, we're had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff. To craze the fair creation : Give us some recent foreign news, Of Russians, Turks, the Poles, the Jews, Or any other nation. The man of dull scholastic lore Would like to see a little more Of first-rate scraps of Latin ; The grocer fain would learn the price Of tea and sugar, fruit and rice ; The draper, silk and satin. Another cries, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle ; Some wish for parliamentary news, And some, perhaps, of wiser views, Would rather have a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawls against the paper ; Of all the literary fools, Bred in our colleges and schools, He cuts the greatest caper. Another cries, I want to see A jumbled up variety— Variety in all things ; A miscellaneous hodge podge print, Composed (I only give the hint) Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, says miss— It constitutes my highest bliss To hear of weddings plenty ; For in a time of general rain None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain— At least not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says one — "Of people totally undone By losses, fire, or fever ; Another answer, full as wise, I'd rather have the fall and rise Of racoon skins and beaver. Some signify a secret wish. For now and then a favourite dish Of politics to salt them : But here we rest at perfect ease. For could they sware the moon was cheese, We never could confute them. Or grave or humerous, wild or tame, Lofty or low— 'tis all the same, Too haughty or two humble ; So brother editors, persue The path that seems the best to you, And let the grumblers grumble. 