SYDNEY NEWS. i (from our own coRiir.sroNiirsT.) j Sydney, 10th Sept., 18 15. \\\ itii reference to your editori.il note 1 to my letter ot last month on the subject ' of Mr. Robinson's vote in the Council, touching the Governor's alleged unau- thorised expenditure of £1,;.!00 as re wards fur the suppression ot illicit dis tillation, allow me to explain. I did not find fault with the propriety of the vote— on the contrary, 1 perfectly agree with you, and indeed I have repeatedly so expressed mysi If in my corres>ond- ence, thai a mountain was attempted to he made from a mole hill in the busi ness — that the same thing was con stantly done at home without remark — anil that the Executive v. as altogether lname.cs> in the proceeding. 1 merely j cwitr.r-tedMr. Iti.mnMin's then cotdi.il , support ol the (Jnvrrnnnnt, with his former fixed opposition ; 1 am glad to mc :t, hut the C-V t'xi. is not quite clear to mo. In my hst I nc';ua...ted you that Mr. I -owe had then before the House a pe- Itition to the Queen and Pnrliimcnt, on the subject of Australian corn. After some absurd marching and counter marching, bv honorable members voting a select committee on the occasion, and then nullifying that vote, the petition was adopted — and a most excellent one it is. Mr. Berrv, of eccentric memory, amused the 1 louse by his first declaring that lie would not condescend so far as to ask the Home Government for any thing — but he relented, and supported the petition. The new Tariff Bill has, in its pro gress, been productive of much merri ment in the examination of persons be fore the House. Mr. Robert Cooper, of " more wicked willany" notoriety, was singularly amusing. His unsophis ticated " John Bullisins," or rather his utter rcgardlesxness nnd inapprcciation oi anyuiing iikc social amenities, arc irresistibly droll. He treats honorable members quite as unceremoniously as he would his own carter. And this is not affected, for 1 am persuaded that he would behave in precisely the same man ner to Queen Victoria and both Houses of Parliament assembled. ' The result of these examinations is just what we knew before, namely, that half the money for rewards in illicit dis tillation had gone into the pockets of those who erected the stills! — that from local facilities this kind of traffic will flourish while duties on spirits are high— that 2s. 6d. or 3s. per gallon would be sufficient — that to tax tea and sugar, would be to encourage drunken ness, and to oppress the poorer classes. It needed no ghost to tell us all this. The Uniform Postage Bill has been read a second time, nnd will conse quently be passed. From the decided opposition of the Colonial Secretary, 1 expect Sir George will veto it— or, if not, that he will raise difficulties to its successful operation. The required additional sum of £1000 for the construction of a bridge over the Y arrn Yarra, has been referred to that omnificcnt tribunal— a select commit tee ! The bill for abolishing the punish ment of death, inurder and ra|« cases excepted, has been read a second time. Mr. Robinson is not satisfied with any thing short of the " whole animal" in this business. 1 should, however, be onrrv fn ciut tM> > r 1 i vivh.hu ui ins carricu out agreeably to his views — in ibis co lony, more especially, some such ter- rorem is required for cvil doers. _ The estimates are again postponed till next week. The business of the Session is proceeding very slowly— ac cording to the present rate of transact ing affairs, Christmas will he here be fore half the notices of motion now on the paper will be disposed of. Messrs. O'Conncll and Grant seem very loth to come to the scratch. The latter, 1 suspect, is manufacturing wavs and means to gualify—l am anxious "to see the result of his ingenuity ia this matter. Intelligence from Adelaide acquaints us with the whereabouts of Capt. Start and party. 1 am sorry to hear that Mr. Poole, whom I knew, 'is no more. The gallant Captain's despatches, which von will of conrse sec, are highly inteiesti'ng. It is a curious circumstance that at South Australia they are resisting, bv all pos sible means, the introduction of co!o- nially emancipated convicts from Hobart Town, while at 1 ass a meeting was held on the 1 1th instant, to devise tm ans of procuring a supply of labor from Van Diemcn's 1,-ind, without which, it is alleged, the approaching th ere ami grain crops will be destroyed. For such con trariety of proceeding, all that can be Said is, quothomir.es, tot sentcntia . Great preparations going on for the Vernal Flower Show and I'anev Bazaar next week — the proceids of the latter to be appropriated in having an organ, and decorating the newlv'built Independent Chapel m Pitt- street. The ckirgy" have always an eye to business. The Terror , from New Zealand .'iril instant, brings news that the natives are quiet in the neighbourhood of Auckland — but a passenger informed me that he knew they were preparing fe>r hoMihties. -More troops proceed thither in a day or two. 1 lie Hai lte, from South Australia, has just arris, d, hut I have net heard of anything important. Irade is somewhat brisker this week. 7 1, 1\, We er..t,r,i.-u! that Mr. lVim. !'" -.V-srrr.h.. J «; o., .recjamg . OB sU Uiuti, inj tli.l l.r »,:| ul, Mr. I'llrrkrll', |>:»re. Mr. » „ lu tu |\ul I'lnUhp ! »> ton , tr. I Mr. Jl.rrry rrlair.l la la, olj |,o>l o! Aimrtej Gettr.,!.— >yi,.r? AJ.-rs.„x CW | Kursci from ihffurna »l i!.« It.porltrt lo j ii.c .-j n.r» i0 ,i c syiJNKV turr: — Utr |e ii cr:rr, Ire'. »c.h frXrtl, ,b»l I i..<y ,„ttM Hut L i ; : the «;«miki.i ( rp|o,cJ;by IU Mr. I.,-,. la juar Lunor.Uc lloa«, of C'en." el l!,r di!.,:r,; ti. I «jrt nub nr. Hot-.h- o, t!nl II woul l rr u rr miaJ ol tit: mes/i", la itpjrate the z'Sia fioa llie c . ; s t f — . , Oi,,; it c..T,.;u:i oran.-n oo creur.i Of n'„ qussmty ol tl.e Uttor. Hie t,. d. n.ee.ts-r Isr si. Vinrcnt comj-Ioii, ih®t itit | rr>, i i iji:ra » ilrlu-uo in tLr I , 'en-.iot. < to »!,,l t,it, r;,c ill jour l.oeor- »U? Huo-e ; l u: jour I'.nuor.-,. w ou! I Ljraj!, 'r. 'etNi, iLst lo rr port thr l: jnr,!/r Gr Durham, or rider rf r'r Arn ro- fori fjr t'.n IA I i.,. cst-LUmnft!..:, rrr-.'.r, „ / 1- o. -'.si .. i: . : jour rri Lvuid i j y -..'Or .ti t, e : i unt ciierrda. 