ENGLISH EXTRACTS. The people of Ireland seem resolved to gain the Repeal of the Union at all hazard, even interposing the "creature comforts" to the hated alliance. On the other hand the Tory faction of England are equally resolved to remain united and benefitted by the union, as the following extract from the Monitor will show:-- "Should a majority of the loyal tea and tobacco consumers of Ireland be misled, by the advice lately proffered to them, to abstain from those com- forts 'until the repeal of the union,' it appears quite certain that the income-tax will be forthwith extended to Ireland for the same 'limited period.' A more acceptable proposition the Chancellor of the Exchequer could not even make to the Im- perial Parliament; it would actually make him popular in Great Britain. Men of all parties then would eagerly vote for it; and it would be carried in the House of Commons by a majority of at least 200\. How would Mr. O'Connell himself like that? Five per cent. per annum upon the tribute would be a heavy discount to pay for the proscription of Mundungus. What would 'honest John Spillane' and the monied Repealers think of it? How would it be received by Mr. Dillon Browne, Mr. Tom Steele, Mr. Ray, and the other paid servants of a deluded public? They would not relish it at all. Yet as surely as the Exchequer shall suffer the slightest perceptible diminution from any com- bined effort of the Repealers to curtail it, so cer- tainly will an effectual blister be laid upon them, and the innocent, of course, must suffer with the guilty. This will be one of the first positive financial fruits of agitation. Of its indirect evils every one who has anything to lose has already felt more than enough. GALLOPPING MATCH.--On Tuesday an extraor- dinary match came off at the Hatcham-park race- ground. The terms of the match were, that Harry England (of sporting notoriety) should produce a horse to gallop 20 miles and leap over 20 hurdles within one hour from the time of starting, Captain Napper (as was stated) betting £200 to £100 against the horse performing the distance within the hour. A mare (Charming Polly) was pre- sented as the animal to perform the feat, and 20 hurdles being staked at 100 yards apart, the mare was mounted by her jockey (Paget), and immedi- ately entered upon this novel undertaking. She appeared to have scarcely "turned a hair," and almost immediately resumed her task, going away at a rapid rate. She was subsequently pulled up twice during her journey, and having been attended to, she again started for the completion of the dis- tance, which she finally accomplished in four minutes less than one hour. She was very ably ridden, and at the conclusion she appeared but little distressed. In betting, odds were laid on time, and very large sums of money changed hands on this occasion. LORD THANET'S FOX--The Earl of Thanet was in the habit of removing every year, with his hunters and hounds, from Hothfield, near Ashford, in Kent to another seat he had in Westmoreland. A short time previous to one of these removals a fox had been run to earth near Hothfield, and upon be- ing dug out, proved to be so extraordinary large and fine a one, that Lord Thanet directed it to be con- veyed to Westmoreland. In the course of the next season a fox was to run earth again at Hothfield and upon being dug out, the huntsman, whippers-in and the earth-stoppers, all declared that it was the same fox which had been taken into Westmoreland, as it had an unusually large white blaze on its fore- head. Lord Thanet was exceedingly energetic in his expressions of disbelief of the statement of his people, but they persisted in their asser- tions; and, having ear marked the fox, he was again taken into Westmoreland, and turned loose in the neighbourhood of Appleby Castle. In hunt- ing the next season Hothfield, a fox was killed in that place, which proved to be the one in question, and which had twice found its way from Westmore- land into Kent. By what instinct or exertions of its faculties the animal was enabled to do this (the distance from one place to the other being about three hundred and twenty miles,) it is not easy to form an idea. Its well-known cunning would, one might suppose, be of little avail in such an emer- gency, except in enabling it to procure food. THE OLD LADY AND THE COBBLER OVER THE WAY.--Some years ago the husband of an old lady residing in a country village, happened to die rather suddenly without making a will, for the want of which very necessary precaution his estate would have passed away from his widow, had she not re- sorted to the following remarkable expedient to avert the loss of her property:--She concealed the death of her husband, and prevailed upon an old cobbler, her neighbour, who was in person somewhat like the deceased, to go to bed other house, and person- ate him, in which character it was agreed that he should dictate a will, leaving the widow the estate in question. An attorney was accordingly sent for to prepare the required document, and the widow on his arrival, appeared to be realising the greatest affliction at her good man's danger, but forthwith proceeded to ask questions of her pretended husband, calculated to elicit the answers she expected and desired. The old cobbler, groaning aloud and look- ing as much like a person going to give up the ghost as possible, feebly answered, "I intend to leave you half my estate; and I do think the poor old shoemaker, who lives over the way, is deserving of the other half, for he has been a good neighbour." The widow was thunderstruck at receiving a reply so different to that which she expected, but dared not negative the cobbler's will, for fear of losing the whole of the property, while the cunning old rogue in bed, who was himself "the poor old shoemaker living over the way," laughed in his sleeve, and divided with her the fruits of a project which the widow had intended for her own sole benefit. AN ODD SERMON.--A Methodist minister, from Shropshire, preaching near Oxford, delivered the following strange oration:--"I am not one of your fashionable, fine spoken, mealy-mouthed preachers. I tell you the plain truth. What are your pastimes? Cards and dice, fiddling and dancing, guzzling and guttling. Can you be saved by dice? No. Will the four knaves give you a passport to heaven? No. Can you fiddle yourselves, into a berth among the sheep? No, you will dance yourselves to damnation among the goats. You may guzzle wine here, but you will want a drop of water to cool your tongues hereafter. Will the prophets say, 'Come here, gamester, and teach us the long odds?' 'Tis odds if they do. Will the Martyrs rant, and swear, and shuffle, and cut with you? No; the Martyrs are no shufflers. You will be cut in a way you little expect. Lucifer will come with his reapers, and sickles, and forks, and you will be cut down, and bound and pitched, and housed in hell. I will not oil my lips with lies to please you. I tell you the plain truth. Ammon, and Mammon, and Moloch, are making Bethoron hot for you. Edited, printed, and published, THOMAS REVEL JOHNSON, of Elizabeth street South, at the Printing Office, No. 17, Bridge-street, Sydney. 