THE BEER BILL. Before we offer any observations on Lord Stanley's Despatch, we present our readers with the document itself, and here it is : (No. 288.) Downing-street, 30th August, 1844. SIR,-I have to acknowledge tho receipt of your Despatch of the 9th February last. No. 39, enclosing an Act passed by yourself and the Le- gislative Council of Van Diemen's Land, intituled " An Act to regulate the Brewing of Beer, Ale, Porter, for Sale, and to prevent the Adulteration thereof," together with a Protest against this Act from three brewers of Hobart Town, and the Minutes of Evidence taken before the Legislative Council in reference to the Act. The preamble of tho Act recites as its object " the encouragement of agriculture and the se- securing to tho public a good and healthful beve- rage;" and it then proceeds to forbid the use of any sugar whatever in the brewing of beer, and to enumerate the articles which alone are hereafter to be used. As it appeared from the Protest of the brewers and from the evidence before the Legislative Council that a considerable quantity of sugar has hitherto been used in brewing, I thought it neces- sary, as the first step, to request the Lords Com- missioners of the Treasury to obtain for me from the Commissioners a report whether the use of sugar in the manufacture of beer could be consi- dered injurious. I enclose for your information a copy of their Lordships' answer, from which you will perceive that the use of sugar cannot be properly objected to on that ground. It then remained to be considered whether the cirumstances of Van Diemen's Land are such as to justify the prohibition of the use of an innoxious article for tho purpose of encouraging a particular branch of agriculture. After attentively examining the evidence before the Legislative Council, I am of opinion that no sufficient ground has been established for such a measure. I have accordingly felt myself compel- led to advise her Majesty to disallow this Act of the Legislature of Van Diemen's Land ; and her Majesty having been pleased to approve of that advice, you will communicate the disallowance of the Act to the inhabitants of the colony by a pro proclamatlon to be published in the usual and most authentic manner.-I am. Sir, your most obedient servant, STANLEY. Lieut.-Governor Sir John E. Eardley-Wilmot, Bart. What little reasoning there is in this la- conic communication consists in the marvel- lous annunciation that the use of sugar in the manufacture of beer is not unwhole- some ! We need no ghost from the grave to tell us this-still less do we require the grave testimony of the Lords of the Trea- sury, or that of my Lord Stanley, to the same effect ; but what a paltry subterfuge is this ? The real point at issue is, whether the colonial agriculturist is to be supported and encouraged, or the foreign sugar grower and British brewer. Now, it needs no great extent of imagi- nation to conceive that where such antago- nistic interests are concerned, the weakest must needs go the wall ; and a very striking illustration we have here of this self-evident axiom. But what must all reflecting persons think of this proceeding ? Surely this, with many other serious grievances, must rouse the colony as one man, to remonstrate with the British Government, in order to ensure their abatement. In another place will be found some remarks on the petition that is now preparing for transmission to her Ma- jesty and both Houses of Parliament. Let the people, be firm, be united, and respect- fully resolute, and Van Diemen's Land may yet flourish amongst the countries of Aus- tralia. 