BSCRIPTION TO THE ARTICLES. the London Times, a correspondence een a clergyman and the bishop of Swich is published. The Rev. Charles dehouse writes: I hereby beg to tender to your lordship resignation of my benefice and canonry. perhaps doubtful whether the resigna of the latter should be tendered to your ip ship; but the balance of ecclesiastical I appears to recommend it." e objected to certain parts of the ritual heir literal acceptation : Namely, the damnatory clauses-of the A Ianasian Creed, the form of Absolution in he office for the Visitation of the Sick, a the following part of the form of o wining Priests: SReceiwe the Holy Ghost for the office work of a priest in the church of God a committed unto thee by the imposition ur hands. Whosesins thou dost forgive, are forgiven: and whose sins thou dost in, they are retained,' &c.;" d adds 'I am satisfied that the time is arrived en further delay on my part is not ad ble,-when any sacrifice ought to be mitted to rather than to risk even the plcion of countenancing dishonest prac s with respect to subscription." o this the bishop replies: "I shall neither accept nor encourage ur resignation, 'Because, considering the number and n ture of many of the propositions in o ded in our 30 articles, the Homilies, and ok of Common Prayer, to which assent given by subscription, itis impossible that y number of individuals should view such opositions in exactly the same light, and bscribe to them in precisely the same use. Latitude in subscription is, there. e, absolutely unavoidable. "Such latitude has been repeatedly re gnized and defended by the highest au orities in our church, from the time.of the eformation to the present moment, ,vhen is claimed and exercised in its fullest tent by many who hold and proclaim inmons much further removed from the irit of our Protestant church than are any ijetions of yours; as well as by many who Ye ttken the same view as yourself of the lits o which your scruples refer. There uldherefore, be a manifest injustice in lwil you to resign a situation which you alve il d long and usefully, while others, lio oni l same grounds would be equally called on to resign theirs, contipue to retain them. " The interpretation you entertain of the points in question has been so far acknow ledged and established by general consent, that a lattitude to that extent may be fairly and properly exercised by any who are called upon to subscribe to the 39 articles and Book of Common Prayer, although there may be others who are anxious to carry out to their full extent those remnants of Roman Catholic worship and priestly power which, under peculiar circumstances of the times when our church was gradually severing itself from that of Rome, were still retained in our reformed ritual. " Whilst, in the exercise of that discre tion intrusted to every bishop, which in the present state of the church cannot be shared with any other adviser or authority, I come to the above conclusions, I at the same time feel strongly with you how far more satis factory it would be if steps could be taken to remove ditficulties and remedy evils of which many, and I have reason to believe an increasing number, of our clergy justly complain. For it is impossible to shut our eyes to the obvious truth, that " a clearer explanation is required of some words and phrases that are rather ofdoubtful significa tion, or otherwise liable to misconstruction, in days like the present, when our church is so tearfully divided against itself and suffering from dissensions and internal schisms fhr more dangerous and perplexing than those with which she is assailed by ad versaries without her pale." 