Odd-Fellowship. ' (From the Odd Fellows' Quarterly Magazine ) " He congratulated the bretliren on belonging to this excellent Order of union and peace, for it was perfectly lamentable to see how mankind Were set agaitist each ; other— to see with What bitter animosity different sec tions regarded each other. It was the grand design of relision to iinite;men Of all shades, and in hrin>: «Wm into orie family; there was, therefore; a double credit' due to this Order, for it effected this desirable object, and alleviated distress at the same time. Should he hate a brother because his face was not like his own— because his mind was not cast in the same mould? No ! mankind could not all think alike on all matters, «nd therefore some great means should be adopted of bringing them together upon some point, where they could agree, and go hand in hand. He admired their principle of admitting all creeds and all sections, for the ignorance which had existed as to the qualities of each, arose mainly from the want of intercourse writh each other. He remembered that when our army besieged' Salamanca, the collegians had an idea that all Protestants were cloven-footed devils ; but on meet ing them, to their great surprise, they found their feet made like their own— in fact, that they were, men like themselves, with only a few points of difference of creed. So with all classes — when brought into contact, they learn that they can no longer reasonably be at such variance. 'You Odd Fellows,' said the' reverend speaker, ' all are enemies !— of what ? Bigotry ! Thirty years ago, when 1 preached to the Missionary Delegates, composed of about 300 ministers from all parts, a gentleman said, ' bigotry is dead and buried ; ' but I regret to say, that a ghost of bigotry exists in Wales, and it has also been flittin'g about in this parish but your Order has to-day put it to the blush. I re- oeat my congratulations to you upon Vour nrincibles. and wish you long life and happiness.— Rev.' it. Whit - ting ham's speech, at Potton. ' glgMPrinted by E.Mason, Parraihatta Printing PEMaggOffice, and sold by Mr. Cregin, Bookseller, Hunter Street. 