LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. FANCY FAIR FOR INFANT SIIOOLS.-Wc hope thc hulks will remember that they cannot employ their skill better than in preparing articles for thc AnnunI Fancy Fair, in support of Infant Schools. Mrs. Kerr is as usual preparing large contributions, and we trust other ladies will emulate her benevo- lent exertions. CHAPLAIN TO THE COLONIAL HOSPITAL.-Thc observations wc felt it our duty to make in our Inst, had no reference to thc character of thc gentlcmnn to whom the appointment was offered, for that ia irreproachable, but simply to those spiritual quali- fications which arc required for thc responsible of- fice of counsellor and guide of others in matters thc most important to man. Our strictures were in fact rather intended for thosq who offered thc , appointment, and we are happy to leam that thc ' gentleman in question has refused to accept it. Thc Rev. J. A. Manton lins kindly undertaken to perform thc duty until a suitable appointment can bc made. THE COLONIAL SECRETARY.-To judge by the proceedings in thc Council on Friday last, wc have no doubt that thc Colonial Secretary has often to bear thc blame due to others. If thc Honourable gentleman is left without information or instruc- tions on points which he is not ot liberty to de- cide himself, he connot bc expected to conduct his department with efficiency. TORT ESSINGTON.-It is reported that Captain Maconochie is appointed to thc superintendence of thc new penal settlement, about to bc estab- lished at Port Essington, and that he will come herc in thc first instance, and proceed to his des- tination in thc simon, which is to bc fitted out for that purpose. The report we may add is gene- rally credited. LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY-The public Meeting of this Society was held last night, in Brisbnne-strcct Chapel, we shall report thc pro- ceedings in our next. Tur. LOUISA.-We understand that this vessel will not as usual proceed to Sydney, but that she is to take troops to Norfolk Island. [From Hie Launceston Examiner, Oct. 22.] PORTLAND HAY.-Wc have papers hy thc Minerva lo 13th October. They notice numerous depredations committed by the blacks, and the charge of cannibalism is preferred. An instance, snys thc Gazette, occurred a few weeks since on thc Clune station near the Glenelg. A black woman had for some time been living with two or three white men, but having contracted disease, died. She was Immediately borne off hy her tribe, several of whom afterwards announced with rapturous emotions the extreme delicacy of her flesh to thc taste.A meeting of thc creditors of Thomas Scott, the jetty contractor, took place at thc office of Mr. Claridgc, for thc purpose of examining Mr. Scott's nffuirs. The' liabilities of the estate were from JG700 to £1002 12s. 10d.¡ while the immediately available assets were esti- mated nt £181 8s. 10d., leaving a deficiency of £821 Bs. lOd.About nine lubros at Mount Enies have been killed by the Mount Rouse blacks within thc last month.mating Report. Laity Mary Pelham.-May 27, Dutton 1 whale; July 1, Dutton 1 ditto; July ll, liâmes 1 ditto; Sept. 2, Dutton 1 ditto; Sept. 12, Arnott 1 ditto: total 5. Ilenty's Shore Party.-June 22, Clarke 1 whale; Aug. 21, Clarke 1 ditto; total 2. The Pelham's men were pnid off; and, after having enjoyed themselves for a day or two after their arduous work, have gone, or were preparing to go, into the interior to commence shearing or fol- low some other useful occupation. Three whales were caught nt Belfast, two Mr. Charles Mills and one by Captain Mills, making n total of 10 caught at Belfast this season, 2 by thc Adelaide and 8 by Orifliith's porty, of which 1 were killed by Capt. Mills. BEET.-Tile smaller of the two Circular Head oxen slaughtered last week by Mr. Bransgrovc weighed 1581 lbs. with upwards of 200 lbs loose fat SEIZURE OF A VESSEL.-Thc cutter UVliam, for some time past trading between this port and Adelaide, was seized by Mr. Dryburgh on Mon- day. The circumstances which led to this pro- ceeding arc as follows:-The William came up the river on Sunday with stock from Port Albert, having also on board two hogsheads of rum, one of geneva, and a case of tobacco. Some of thc cattle were tn a state that rendered it exceedingly advisable to land them immediately and (as is always required) permission was obtained to take the vessel to a convenient private wharf, if thc spirits and tobacco were first landed. Accordingly thc three hogsheads were rolled on shore on Sunday night. The mnster of the vessel excused himself for not landing the tobacco just then, and thc landing waiters not considering it a matter o' so much importance as the spirits, the vessel was allowed to take her berth at the private wharf. Upon guaging the spirits, ond comparing thc actual contents with those mentioned in the mani- fest, it was ascertained that about thirty gallons were missing, fifteen of geneva and fifteen of rum, tlie duty upon which would he uhout £25. The officers of customs then nmde enquiries for thc tobacco, hut it could no where bc found ; and thc master before making his declaration upon en- tering thc vessel, reported it was missing, sup- posed to have been stolen. It was also discovered upon close examination of thc spirit casks that they had been recently " spiled," suggesting thc probability that thc contents had been drawn off. Mr. Dryburgh, hend landing waiter, seized thc vessel, which now lies in the river under charge of a customs officer, awaiting thc result of a refer- ence to head quarters. STRANGE OCCURRENCE.-Some of the good folks who inhabit the West Bank of thc Tamar have been alarmed by extraordinary occurrences, which, being at present unaccountable, have been ascribed to preternatural agency ; nt lenst, thc alarm has been such, and thc statements so au- thenticated, that Mr. Midgley thc chief constable and a subordinate have proceeded to thc spot for thc purpose of investigating thc matter. Thc principal scene of thc mystery is the residence of Mr. Plummer; but Mr. Hill, a neighbour, lins also been similarly annoyed. Anonymous letters oT a most indecent description have been thrust through the windows of Mr. Plummcr's residence by invisible hands. Thc house at all hours, both day nnd night, has been assailed with stones and other offensive missiles. Strict watch has been kept, and yet windows have been broken in broad daylight, in defiance of all caution. Constables were stationed on the premises, but their vigilance was eluded. Upon one occasion an individual wns seen and chased, hut, according to all accounts he seemed, when within grnsp, to dissipate into air or sink into thc earth, like thc ghost in the vision of Scrooge. Mr. Plummer applied to thc police mngistrntc for advice, detailing the above as facts, and as wc mentioned before, Mr. Midgley has been sent down to nseertuin how much of truth there is in the statement. Mr. Plummer is a well known and respectable inhabitant ; and al- though no doubt he lins been subjected to this an- noyance from the ill- feeling of a neighbour, there is something very remarkable in the " Devil nnd Dr. Faustus" sort of proceeding by which the agent remains invisible whilst working his mis- chief. 