LIFE AND ADVENTURES of MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT. BY C. DICKENS, Esq. continued fbom oub last. CHAPTER V. containing a full account of the installation of mb. pecksniff's new pupil into the bosom of mb. Pecksniff's family, with all the « festivities held on that occasion, and the gbeat enjoyment of mb. pinch. Ay, cheerfully, though it had been to death, would Tom have followed him : glad to lay down his life for such a man ! " This," said Mr. Pecksniff, opening the door of an opposite parlour, " is the little room of state, I mentioned to you. My girls have pride in it, Martin ! This," opening another door, " is the little cham ber in which my works (slight things at best) have been concocted. Portrait of myself by Spiller. Bust by Spoker. The latter is considered a good likeness. I seem . recognise something about the left-hand corner of the nose myself." Martin thought it was very like, but scarcely intellectual enough. Mr. Peck sniff observed that the same fault had been found with it before. It was remarkable it should have struck his young relation too. He was glad to see he had an eye for art. " Various books you observe," said Mr. Pecksniff, waving his hand towards the wall, " connected with our pursuit. I have scribbled myself, but have not yet published. Be careful how you come up , stairs. This" opening another door, " is my chamber. I read here when the family suppose I have retired to rest. Sometimes J injure my health, rather more than I can quite justify to myself, by doing so; but art is long and time is short. . Every facility you see for jotting down crude notions, even here." These latter words were explained by his pointing to a small round table on which were a lamp, divers sheets of paper, a piece of India rubber, and a case of in struments : all put ready, in case an architectural idea should come into Mr. Pecksniff's head in the night in which event he would instantly leap out of bed, and fix it for ever. Mr. Pecksniff opened another door on the same floor, and shut it again, all at once, as if it were a Blue Chamber- But before he had well done so, he looked smilingly round, and said " Why not ?" Martin couldn't say why not, because he didn't know anything at all about it. So Mr. -Pecksniff answered himself, by throwing open the door, and saying : " My daughters' room. A poor first- floor to us, but a bower to them. Very neat. Very airy. Plants you, observe ; hyacinths ; books again ; birds." These birds, by the bye, comprised in all, one staggering old sparrow without a tail, which had been borrowed expressly from the kitchen. " Such trifles as girls love, are here. Nothing more. Those who seek heartless splendour, would seek here in vain." With that he led them to the floor above. "This," said Mr. Pecksniff, throwing wide the door of the memorable two-pair front; "is a room where some talent has been developed, I believe. This is a room in which an idea for a steeple occurred to me, that I may one day give to the world. We work here, my dear Martin. Some architects have been bred in this room : — a few, I think, Mr. Pinch V Tom fully assented ; and, what is more, fully believed it. " You see," said Mr. Pecksuiff, passing the candle rapidly from roll to roll of paper, " some traces of our doings here. Salisbury Cathedral from the north. From the south. From the east. From the west. From the south- east. From the nor'- west. A bridge. An alms-hou£e. A jail. A church. A powder-magazine. A wine-cellar. A portico. A summer house. An ice-house. Plans, elevations, sections, every kind of thing. And this," he added, having by this time reached another large chamber on the same story with four little beds in it, " this is your room, of which Mr. Pinch here, is the quiet sharer. A southern aspect ; a charming prospect ; Mr. Pinch's little library, you perceive ; everything agreeable and appropriate. If there is any additional comfort you would desire to have here at any time, pray mention it. Even to strangers — far less to you, my dear Martin — there is no restriction on that point." It was undoubtedly true, and may be stated in corroboration of Mr. Pecksniff, that any pupil had the most liberal per mission to mention any thing in this way that suggested itself to his fancy. Some young gentlemen had gone on mentioning the very same thing for five years without ever being stopped. " The domestic assistants," said Mr. Pecksniff, "sleep above; and that is all." After which, and listening complacently as he went, to the encomiums passed by his young friend on the arrangements gener ally, he led the way to the parlour again. Here a great change had taken place ; for festive preparations on a rather exten sive scale were already completed, and the two Miss Pecksniffs were awaiting then- return with hospitable looks. There were two bottles of currant wine — white and red; a dish of sandwiches (very long and very slim) ; another of apples : another of cap tains' biscuits (which are always a moist and jovial sort of viand) ; a plate of oranges cut up small and gritty; with powdered sugar, and a highly geological home-made cake. The magnitude of these prepara tions quite took away Tom Pinch's breath ; for though the new pupils were usually let down softly, as one may say, particularly in the wine department, which had so many stages of declension, that sometimes a young gentleman was a whole fortnight in getting to the pump; still this was a banquet : a sort of Lord Mayor's feast in private life : a something to think of, and hold on by, afterwards. To this entertainment, which, apart from its own intrinsic merits, had the additional choice quality that it was in strict keeping with the night, being both light and cool, Mr. Pecksniff besought the company to do full justice. « " Martin," he said, " will seat himself between you two, my dears, and Mr. Pinch will come by me. Let us drink to our new inmate, and may we be happy toge ther ! Martin, my dear friend, my love to you! Mr. Pinch, if you spare the bottle we shall quarrel." And trying (in his regard for the feelings of the rest) to look as if the wine were not acid "and didn't make him wink, Mr. Peck sniff did honor to his own toast. "This," he said, in allusion to the party, not the wine, " is a mingling that repays one for much disappointment and vexation. Let us be merry." Here he took a cap tain's biscuit. "It is a poor heart that never rejoices; and our hearts are not poor? No." With such stimulants to merriment did he beguile the time, and do the honours of the table; while Mr. Pinch, perhaps to assure himself that what he saw and heard was holiday- -reality, aud not a charming dream, ate of everything, and in particular disposed of the slim sandwiches to a sur prising extent. Nor was lie stinted in his draughts of wine ; but on the contrary, re membering Mr. Pecksniff's speech, attacked the bottle with such vigour j that every time he filled his vglass anew, Miss Charity, des pite her amiable resolves, could not repress a fixed and stony glare, as if her eyes had rested on a ghost. Mr. Pecksniff also be came thoughtful at those moments, not to say dejected-; but, as he knew the vintage, it is very likely he may have been specu lating on the probable condition of Mr. Pinch upon the morrow, and discussing within himself the best remedies for colic. Martin and the young ladies were ex cellent friends already, and compared re collections of their childish days, to their mutual livliness and entertainment. Miss Mercy laughed immensely at everything that was said ; and sometimes, after glancing at the happy face of Mr. Pinch, was seized with such fits of mirth as brought her to the very confines of hysterics. But, for these bursts of gaiety, her sister, in her better sense, reproved her ; observing, in an angry whisper, that it was far from being a theme for jest; and that she had no patience with the creature ; though it generally ended in her laughing too — but much more moderately — and say ing, that indeed it was a little too ridicu lous and intolerable to be serious about. At length it became high time to re member the first clause of that great dis covery made by the ancient philosopher, for securing health, riches, and wisdom; the infallibility of which has been for gener ations, verified by the enormous fortunes, constantly amassed by chimney-sweepers and other persons who get up early and go to bed betimes. The young ladies accord ingly rose, and having taken leave of Mr. Chuzzlewit with much sweetness, and of their father with much duty, and of Mr. Pinch with much condescension, retired to their bower. Mr. Pecksniff insisted on accompanying his young friend up- stairs, for personal superintendence of his com forts ; and taking him by the arm, con ducted him once more to his bedroom, followed by Mr. Pinch, who bore the light. "Mr. Pinch," said Pecksniff, seating himself with folded arms on one of the spare beds. " I don't see my snuffers in that candlestick. Will you oblige me by going down, and asking for a pair ?" Mr. Pinch, only too happy to be useful, went off directly. " You will excuse Thomas Pinch's want of polish, Martin," said Mr. Pecksniff, with a smile of patronage and pity, as soon as he had left the room. (' He means well." " He is a very good fellow, sir." " Oh, yes," said Mr. Pecksniff. " Yes. Thomas Pinch means well. He is very grateful. I have never regretted having befriended Thomas Pinch." " I should think you never would, sir." " No," said Mr. Pecksniff " No. I hope not. Poor fellow, he is always dis posed to do his best; but he is not gifted. You will make him useful to you, Martin, if you please. If Thomas has a fault, it is that he is sometimes a little apt to forget his position. But that is soon checked. Worthy soul ! You will find him easy to manage. Goodnight!" " Good night, sir." By this time Mr. Pinch had returned with the snuffers. " And good night to you, Mr. Pinch," said Pecksniff. " And sound sleep to you both. Bless you ! Bless you !" Invoking this benediction on the heads of his young friends with great fervour, he withdrew to his own room ; while they, being tired, soon fell asleep. If Martin dreamed at all, some clew to the matter of his visions may possibly be ' gathered from the after-pages of this history. Those of Thomas Pinch were all of holidays, church organs, and seraphic Pecksniffs. It was some time before Mr. Pecksniff dreamed at all, or even sought his pillow, as he sat for full two hours before the fire in his own chamber, looking at the coals and thinking deeply. But he, too, slept and dreamed at last. Thus in the quiet hours of the night, one house shuts in as many incohe rent and incongruous fancies as a mad man's head. CHAPTER VI. comprises, among other important matters, pecksniffian and abchitectubal, an exact delation of the progress made by mb. pinch in the confidence and fbindship of the new pupil. It was morning , and the beautiful Au rora, of whom so much hath been written, said, and sung, did, with her rosy fingers, nip and tweak Miss Pecksniff's nose. It was the frolicsome custom of the Goddess, in her intercourse with the fair Cherry, so to do ; or in more prosaic phrase, the tip of that feature in the sweet girl's counten ance, was always very red at breakfast- time. For the most part, indeed, it wore, at that season of the day, a scraped and frosty look, as if it had been rasped ; while a similar phenomenon developed itself in her humour, which was then observed to be of a sharp and acid quality, as though an extra lemon (figuratively speaking) had been squeezed into the nectar of her dispo sition, and had rather damaged its flavour. This additional pungency on the part of the fair young creature led, on ordinary occasions,, to such slight consequences as the copious dilution of Mr. Pinch's tea, or to his comming off uncommonly short in respect of butter, or to other the like re sults. But on the morning after the Instal lation Banquet, she suffered him to wan der to and fro among the eatables and drinkables, a perfectly free and unchecked man; so utterly to Mr. Pinch's wonder and confusion, that like the wretched cap tive who recovered his liberty in his old age, he could make but little use of his enlargement, and fell into a strange kind of flutter for want of some kind hand to scrape his bread, and cut him of in the article of sugar with a lump, and pay him those other little attentions to which he was accustomed. There was something almost awful, too, about the self-possession of the new pupil ; who " troubled" Mr. Pecksniff for the loaf, and helped himself to a rasher of that gentleman's own particular and private bacon, with all the coolness in life. He even seemed to think that he was doing quite a regular thing, and to expect Mr. Pinch would follow his example, since he took occasion to observe of that young man " that he didn't get on a speech of so tremendous a character, that Tom cast down his eyes involuntarily, and felt as if he himself had committed some horrible deed aud heinous breach of Mr. Pecksniff's confidence. Indeed, the agony of having such an indiscreet remark addressed to him before the assembled family, was breakfast enough in itself, and would, without any other matter of reflection, have settled Mr. Pinch's business and quenched his appe tite, for one meal, though he had been never so hungry. The young ladies, however, and Mr. Pecksniff likewise, remained in the very best of spirits in spite of these severe trials, though with something of a mysterious un derstanding among themselves. When, the meal was nearly over, Mr. Pecksniff smilingly explained the cause of their common satisfaction. " It is not often," he said, " Martin, that my daughters and I desert our quiet home to pursue the giddy round of pleasures that revolve abroad. But we think of doing so to-day." " Indeed, sir !" cried the new pupil. " Yes," said Mr. Pecksniff, tapping his left hand with a letter which he held in his right. " I have a summons here to repair to London ; on professional business, my dear Martin ; strictly on professional business ; and I promised my girls, long ago, that whenever that happened again, they should accompany me. We shall go forth to-night by the heavy coach — like the dove of old, my dear Martin — and it will be a week before we again deposit our olive branches in the passage. When I say olive branches" observed Mr. Peck sniff, in explanation, " I mean, our un pretending luggage." " I hope the young ladies will enjoy their trip," said Martin. " Oh ! that I'm sure we shall !" cried Mercy, clapping her hands. ' Good gracious, Cherry, my darling, the idea of London!" TO BE CONTINUED. Tailob's Cabbage. — Alphonse Karr — as clever a scribbler as any France possesses in these days —relates that he lately sent for his tailor to make him a coat out of apiece of cloth he had purchased. " Can't do it, there isn't stuff enough." Karr then sent for another tailor, who, after carefully mea suring the material, undertook to make the coat. In due time the -garment was delivered, and Karr stuck himself Into it. His first visit was to the tailor. " Me vola malheureux !" said he. "Behold me in the coat made from the very stuff that you said was insufficient. You see that there was stuff enough after all." "Very likely," said snip, with imperturbable song froid, "but the sou of the tailor who made it is not so big as mine." 