GERMANY. In the Register of July 2nd, we gave an ac- <*> count of the great schism which had arisen in the Catholic church in Germany: the follow- <*> confession of faith adopted by the followers ing adopted by ers of John Ronge has since been extensively cir culated :— 1\. We throw off the sllcgiar.ee to the Bishop of Rome anil his whole establishment. 2\. We maintain full lil>erty of conscience, and con tema every compulsion, falsehood, and hypocrisy. I S. The basis and the contents of the Christian belief are the Bible. 4\. The free investigation and interpretation IE nut to be restrained by ex c nal authority. 5\. Ab the essential contents of our faith, we lay down the following symbols : — '• I believe in Go i tho Father, -who has created the world by his omaiuoieat word. And who governs it in wi.dom, justice, and lore. •• I believe in Je6us Christ our Saviour, who, by his doctrine, bis lite, and death, has saved us from bondage and sin. " I believe in the working of the Holy Ghost on earth, and a holy universal Christian Church, forgiveness of sin, and life everlasting. Amen." 6\. Ws recognize on'y two sacraments as instituted by Christ, baptism and the Lord's supper. 7\. We uphold iut'ant baptism, and receive, by solemn act of confirmation, as 6elf-actiog members of the con gregation, tho^e | ers< n> who are tul?ciently instructed in the doctrine of fai;b. 6\. The Lord's Supper will be distributed to the con. gregatlon, as instituted by Christ, in both lorms. Au ricular confession is rejected. 9\. We recognize marriage as an institution ordained by God, and therefore to be kept holy by man. Wo maiutaiu for it the sanctioa of the Church ; and consider, with regard to the conditions and reatrieiions appljiug to it, the laws of the State alone as binding. 10\. We believe end confess that Christ is the onlr mediator between God and man; we reject, therefore, the invocation of saints, the adoration of relics aud images, the remission of sins by the priest, and a.i pil grimages. 11\. We believe that the so-called good works bavo only value in bo far as they are the emanation of Chris tian sentiments; we reject, therefore, all commands of fasting. !2. We l)c!iev£ and confess that it is the first duty of i the Christian to manifest his faith by works of Christian !love. Tha commotion which this, new doctrine has j prodttced in Germany and Poland is on the in- ( crease. Range has already been burned in effigy, with as many copter of his manifestoes a* could be collected, by tana lira! peasants in the vKnni.y of Cob'entz.—-"is-rfo**. To the tour or five plans of the* colonization hitherto proposed (Texas, the Mt?-s.s.ipt, St. Thomas. l>ra_il, and the Mosquito Shore;. another is now added, situated in the west coast of Africa, whirl* causes much attention, because the King of Prussia has acquired pos session of a spot on that coast. This is Cane Mount, half way between Sierra Leone and the North American Negro Colony, Liberia, boun ded on the south and east by Little Cape Mount, and the north-west by the river Sugari. litis s ( ot was formerly ceded, en the 2Jrd February I**.!, to the present proprietors, George Cia" veting Redman, and Theodore Canct, under the protection and assistance ot the iiirtti.h naval force, in order to abolish the slave trad* by means of a lau tul commerce The owners have already erected dwelling bouses, and built two ships. Mr Redman is now in Berlin, en deavouring to gain friend, for the establish ment of a colony. He particularly invites at tention to the ample produce of the rich soil tod of commerce, and likewise to the gold mines, *hich might be worked to ad van t igc, an mining operations ever having been carried on in that country. 