THE MAYOR OF HOLE-CUM-CORNER. A LEGEND, . '.Pure innoconco hath never studied how To cloak ofTonceB.' : Siiakbpbmii:. ' And pray, Sir, in what roign did this Imppon 1 ' nskod a modern master of the dramatic robes, when required to furnish dresses for tho valorous Saint George and his companions. ' ' Reign ! ' echoed tho master of tho revels, with a laughing, wondering look — ' Reign ! ' 'Yes, Sir: as it has over boon with mo a point of reputation to attend to tho minutest detailB of historical costume, I am dosirous of learning tho reign in which i Saint Goorgc fought. tho dragon, In ordor that— you tidiorcoivc, Sir— fidelity in thoso matters ? » y «.« £0t.!8 looJ{ nt tho rnRs»' interrupted tho master of thorol n!» e*pnffC?ntl* 'a'd' haJ ImJ Ilovor mind We narrate this little anecdote, in the hope that it mnjf serve ,at;onco:ns,prcfiico .and ppplotfy, to tliojegoml wi* are about toirecourit^-a legend to which \vpi are toUilly unnblo to aseribp ii.'dnto, and for which ,quei,tionabla ndvuntago wp parucatly tryst tluT reader enres no more than -the master of tho revete. above cited, in the more important coso of our national saint. Tho trials of Tobias, alboit unsung, unsaid, may bo no less true limn the victories of Saint George,, who still slays his drngon on sovereigns and crown-piccps, and thereby nfl'ords to tho least imaginative of her Majesty's subject a con solatory assurance, that he who possesses muny records of his glory is, in proportion to tho number possessed, charmed from tho assaults of many ills ; whilst tho trials of Tobias, though probably of high moral value, may not so unequivocally manifest their sterling worth.' Not withstanding this conviction, wo aro induced to bring our hero on tho page, confessing that tho time of his lifo and acts is equally uncertain ns 1J10 dato of the knight of fairyland, and hoping to meet with readers to whom it i^ equally indilferent. Sinco Babylon is but a nnme — since jackals haunt whero learned Tliobaus studied nnd disputed, it will hardly amnzo the philosophic . reador, -when ho shall learn that Hole-cutn-Corner was onco a flourishing town ship, though there is not to bo found any map of England, where oven its site is indicated ; nor will the tniruf, dis ciplined by tho contemplation of worldly mutability and its consequent injustice, refuse belief to tho historical fact — too long unknown — that Hanbury, nt present, and ? for many years celebrated for its toothsome oukos, usurps tho glory duo to Hole-cum- Cornor — tho invention of thoso savoury delicacies making tho rightful renown of the. mayor of that most ancient human dwelling-placo ; of tho very mnyor, succeeded by our hero, Tobias Aconite, malstor and ale- brewer. We have gleaned this ' golden no\v8 from original records, quite at the uorvioo of tho reader ; from documents that provo how time, in its ' revolutions, confomrta the little with tho greats robbing ono to heap upon another — with cakes no less capricious than with mayors. ?- ? ??': ????' When Ilolo-cum-Cornor flourished, it was tho glorious ambition of those enviable men elected tolho chief, placo of tho magistracy, to mark their raayornltjy.'oUher--by somo inestunablo invention, or by the: correction of a crying abuse. Thus, ovcry mayor put the' impress of his genius on his twelvemonth's rule : mayoralties being computed by tho townsfolk of llole-cum-Corner, not by 'dates, but by things. As thus: . : !? . :i. ...; -. ?? Tho Mayoralty of tho Nutmeg-grater I'''1 ' Tho Mayoralty of the Whinplng-pqBt ! ';???'? ' [ r ?' Tho Mayoralty of tho Pottle-nois ! : '' '?':' ' '' The Mayoralty of the Ass's Side-saddle' J!V'' Tho Mayoralty of tho Sucking-pigs J * ''; Tho Mayoralty of the Cakes! '. ,'' V ' ,''''- ?'??:'? ..-,-. Aim f;./ ?.,';.-. ;i '!.-., -..'.?;-.'.??':-, :j' '? (nhich brings -us to tho Mayoralty of Tobins Aconite) i Tho Mayoralty of.tlie. Stolon Gander 1,, ,;- ' We will not even insinuate, such on injustice upontha reader, as to suppose -him incapable of rightly applying tho nbovonamed commodities or. things, i'Ko; ho at once percoives that the inhabitants of HoIo-cum-'Gorhbi1 owed tho origin of that most domestic and most genial instru ment, the nutmeg-grater, to tho intelligence of a posuct loving mayor — tluit tho whipping-post was erected by a stonier, but no less public-spirited functionary— that tho execrable crime of lessening tho pottle- pot, was terribly avenged under another magistrate — and that tho asses of Hole-cum-Corner, until the .mayoralty' of Roger Little bean, in a lamentable state of darkness on the matter, were apprised of the sex of their load by the difference of the saddle, and thereby taught to gently amble, when otherwise they might have kicked. Sucking-pigs had 4-een long on the advance, the price sent up by the un principled machinations of certain boar-monopolists; but ?in the mayoralty of Savourpork, they wore, by the -ti'nassistc--l energy of his character, reduced to the (rood old standard, it being thenceforth raado an affair of the fallows to demand for a month-pig ono farthing more than a groat. Of the mayoralty of the cakes, we have already spoken j and with a brief expression of admi ration of these men, we shall proceed with our imme diate history. We cannot, however, refrain from holding up as an example to all mayors, present and to come, the worthy deeds of the Mayors of Hole-cum- Corner. They knew the true substance of glory, nor lost it for a shadow— a sound. Alack ? what are the passing triumphs of the mayoralty revel ? — of what avail tho bloating clarions— the caracoling steeds — tho collar of SS — the sheriff's chain — tho gown of violet and minever ? What is all this but stuff for an apprentice's holiday — an empty pageant, passing away like the triumphs of tho Caesars ? A magnificence beginning at Westminster and ending at Guildhall ? Tho memory of such things goes out and dies, even with the torches, leaving no fragrance behind. But tho mayor who writes his history in the enlarged pottle-pot — who indissolubly links his name with a suck ing-pig for fourpence — tho yearly magistrate who asso ciates himself with cupboard comforts — his renown shall be heard at ten thousand hearths, when the fame of other mayors shall bo voiceless — dumb as a dead trumpeter! And now to tho history of Tobias. Gaffer Nimmington, of Alderclump, stood charged before the Mayor with having basely, maliciously, and inhumanly carried off the gray gander of Farmer Dock, tho said gander being of venerable age and surpassing merits. There was no evidence against tho prisoner: but tho accused having once stood in the pillory, and on two occasions having suffered tho pain and ignominy of public whipping, there was, in the breast of Farmer Dock, not tho shadow of a doubt of tho guilt of tho said Gaffer. Gaffer Nimmington raised his eyes, lifted his hands, and i protested his innocence. He was not ashamed to confess tho whippings, such discipline having doneo him a world of good — he was a reformed man, and would scorn to lay his finger on tho ganders of his neighbours. a Tobias, the mayor, looking sternly at tho prisoner, said, ha feared that appearances wcro much against him. A whipped man must, to the end of the chapter, be a man suspected. Farmer Dock humbly yet earnestly prayed for a third scourging of the accused. The Mayor, passing the tips of his four fingers along each eyebrow, remarked, that public morals cried loudly for an example. ' Hereupon, Gaffer Nimmington, falling on his knees, roared like any bull. The heart of Tobias was softened ; and, with a humanity that ennobled his offico, he resolved, ere ho passed son tenco of tho stocks and the beadle's whip, to rigidly question tho accused. Heaven forbid that he, the Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner, should hastily inflict wrong upon the innocent! With these exaltcd thoughts, Tobias cleared his throat, and proceeded to examine the pri soner. He had been twice whipped ? — Twice ; but hoped he might claim tho benefit conferred by such punishment. What was tho use of whipping, if no good was to come of it? What wero Gaffer's means of livelihood? — Vory poor ; . for ho was lame of one hand, and was not quite recovered from the jaundiec. Where had Gaffer passed tiio throo last nights? — One in a dry ditch, and two under a haystack } .?Tnevorsaw a clearer case,' crowed forth tho Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner. ' ' If, my man, appearances am worth any thing, it is plain that you have stolen Dock's gray. gander.' ' Your worship would n't whip a man upon appoar .iiii.o ? ' humbly questioned Gaffer. ^ The itriperlinenco of tho query wan too much for Tobias ; and the Mayor of Holo-cum-Corncr, slapping liis hand upon a volume of tho Statutes, cried with an oath, that 'with tho greatest pleasure in life he would ! ' Whernupon, Gaffer Niramington was handed over to the beadle, who straightway locked him in tho stocks, and them proceeded to make every necessary arrange ment for tho supplementary punishment of whipping. The coreniony was appointed to take place at noon next day ; and loud nnd many wero tho praises of the towns folk, touching the wisdom and tbo stern sense of justice displayed hy the Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner. ifo was, to them, the paragon of magistrates — a very Solomon in tho chnir. With such a functionary, honest folks might go safoly to sleep witb the door on the latch : under liis protecting wing, even geese wero sacred ! Tho day of Gaffer's whipping was a holiday throughout HoIo-euiii-CoriHT. Tho shops wero closed, and men and women pranked themselves in their best ; Tho babe leaped up in its mother's arms ; and it was said, tho church bell*, of their own accord, rang out a merry peal. AH prepared themselves for a holiday, save and except Gaffer Niramington. Wo have too much respect for tho natural tondorness of oui- renders, to inflict upon them a description of tbo execution. Wo will not dilate upon tho sinewy arm of tho beadle— the shameless fortitude of tho culprit — tho elevated sorcnity of the Mayor himself, and tho general good-humour, enhanced by very many quips and jokes, of the attending mob. Let it suffico tho reader to know that every thing passed off with the greatest satisfaction to all parties concerned, taking no account of Gaffer. Justice had asserted her injured dignity — tho proper sacrifice had been offered up to the popular idol — appear- ance ; whon, to tho annoyance of tho Mayor, tho astonishment of tho multitude, and the honor of the scourged Nimmington, farmer Dock's gray gander sud denly nppoared, us it was supposed, on its way home to its ancient dwelling-place. Whether love or business had caused its long absence from the farm-yard, was novel1 rightly understood. It was, however, plain that Gaffer Niinniington had been precipitately whipped, and great was the common indignation against Mr. Mayor ! Gaffer was immediately liberated, whon, falling upon his knoos, with a scowling look at Tobias, ho muttered to the fioiuls, devoting the Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner, the victim to that arch-demon, Appearanco ! From that raomont, as our future- history will shew, Tobias Aconite wad a doomed man and a lost Mayor. Soft, sweet, nnd balmy was tho evening, whon the Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner, feeling tho meditative fib come on, walked forth into tho fields. Tho air was fragrant with now mown hay — tho lark carolled in tho sky— tho west glowed with ten thousand glories — the . hour, tho sccno was favourable to the sweotest emotions ; . and Tobias, seating himself in tho midst of a hayooek,, lookod about him with thut deep tranquility of heart, so . rarely tho fate of Mayors to know. Nowj his. Angers. Stayed among tho hay — now, they gently tapped . his oxter leg — now, he whistlod softly — and now thoro rpsa , within him a thought of pastoral song. His. heart: was steeped ? melted in tho balm of ovening : not,, at a. most, Erosporous brewing, had ho felt serener biles. Forgetting o was a Mayor, ho felt a love for oil the world. , fn,thfs\ delicious mood, be turned his head, aad beheld., within-— -. say a span — of his left arm/ a rustic maiden seated in ttie liny. She blushed, but stirred not. Hero was a situation for the Mayor of Hole-cum- Corner ! At any other time, Tobias- would have called to his immediate aid all the terrors of his official nature ; but there was enchantment' in the place and hour, and when Tobias should havo stormed, he gently coughed. The maiden, with eyes downcast upon earth, sighed. 'It is plain,' thought Tobias, ' that the damsel is a stranger, and knows me riot;' and as this conriction of her ignorance came upon our hero, his face glowed, and his looks brightened. She know him not ! To her he was not the Mayor of Hole cum-Gorner; nor, such was Ins benign determination, would he suddenly confound her simplicity with the dread intelligence. For a time he would be merely a mortal — simply a man, and nought beyond. In that moment, llole-cum-Corner was to all intents and purposes, with out a mayor. Tobias looked around, above— listened ; and then he cast his eyes upon the maid, and coughed a little louder than before. As he gazed, the maiden, nuvcr venturing to raise her looks, suddenly bogan to weep ; then to wring her hands ) and then, ere Tobias could draw his breath, with a shrill hysterical laugh, she fell into his open arms! This circumstance, for a man of Aconite's dignity, was sufficiently distressing ; but it was rendered less tolerable by another unfortunato occur rence, — it happened to bo seen I Yes, crossing the distant stile, wore two ot the most sober denizens of Holo- cura-Cornor — two discreet, two pattern men, — as- tounded at the appalling evidonce of their own eyes. It wai Tobias Aconite — it could be no other than the Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner ! Tobias attempted to rise, but suddenly felt as if all his limbs were lead; ho was about to chide the girl for the boldness of her bearing, but his tongue, was palsied. What spirit of mischief could havo made him sit among the hay ? His friends, with in digaaht strides, crossed the field, and in a twinkling, turned' a hedge. Hero was a dilemma ! They would immediately trumpet the news through the streets of Holo-cum-Cornor — the Mayor was a lost dignitary. Tlio vehemence of this feeling gave him speech and motion : with a loud oath, he jumped to his feet, and with more than official wrath, begun to inquire, ' why such a bag gage had had the fuco to faint in the arms of a Mayor ?' This said, Tobias paused for a satisfactory reply ; resolving, however, to oppose a breast of steol to the feminine weapons of the penitent. The damsel rose, and turning her faco upon Tobias, in the exuboranco of her animal spirits, skipped half-a-dozen times from tho ground— snapped her lingers — whistled — and then, calling to her faco a look that paralyzed poor Aconite, imme diately slappod him on tho shoulder, and without a word, took to her legs. L,egs ! — wings! Sho was gono — flown — vanished, — how and whithor Tobias knew noU He stood bewildered — looked aghast — for, either ho was in a day dream, or the wench laughed and leered at him with the mouth and eyes of Gaffer Nimmington. After much pondering, Tobias folt that there was more in this than could bo readily divined, even by a Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner. Thrusting his hands in his breeches-pockets, his hat pulled over his brow, his head somewhat inclined to his left shouldor, Tobias, in a deep study, wonded his way homeward. Possibly, ho had arrived at his threshold without further perturbation, had not his road lain by tho barn of Farmer Dock : of this,- however, he was at tho timo unconscious, but was speedily roused to tho fact by a most vehement hissing. Looking about him, ho saw tho old gray gandor, its nook crooked like a oerpont, ita wings extended, nnd its eyes, to tho startled conscience of Tobias, liko sparks of flame, making at his legs. ' Possibly I was wrong, to whip upon appdaranco ! ' Such was tho thought that flashed through tho brain of tho Mayor, as, betaking himself to flight, he, with great difficulty, distancod the angry bird. Then did the Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner pause, and then, considering tho meanness of his assailant, did. blushes stain tho faco of Tobias Aconite. Wherefore blush, O silly Tobias ? Greater men than tho Mayor of Hole-cum- Corner, even before the hatching of the geeae in the Capitol, have been put to their legs by insolent ganders — though timo, pluoking tho assailants bare, hath, in aftor-foason, used their spoils to the glorification of tho mighty hissed. Natbless, Tobias ran. Tho Mayor had determined to seek his own fireside - but tho gander having disturbed the current of his thoughts, sent him — and here a metaphysician might tell us the why and tho wherefore — to the public-houso. Tho ' Red Mug,' bo it known, was the principal hostelry of Hole-cum-Corner. There was the arm-chair that — we know not for how many centuries- had received the demi-sacred person of tho mayor for the year being. Tobias Aconite crossed tho threshold of the 'Red Mug,' and — Certain wo are, if slander be a snake, it is a winged one ; it flies as woll as creeps, or it had never preceded tho Mayor of Holo-cum-Corner to the alehouse. That it had outstripped him was made sufficiently plain by tho looks of the hostess: she was wont to begin to simper and courtesy very low at the sound of the Mayor's foot ; and now, when Tobias stood revealed before her, she could hardly pull her lips into a smile, with difficulty kept her virtuous nose from that instinctive curl to which exceedingly good folks treat very naughty ones, and for courtcsymg, as she afterwards declared to her husband, ' sho could no moro do it than an elephant ' (for at the timo whereof we write, be it understood, elephants had not como to their joints). Tobias wisely suflerod his senso of dignity to blind him to the frozen civility of the hostess, and passed on. Happy was it for Tobias that he did so ; for thus, he saw not tho two maids, tho man and the boy, all peeping from several corners at the libertine Mayor. Strango ! but Tobias might have entered tho ' Red Mug ' twenty times a-day, and neither Prudonce, nor Maude, nor Sampson, nor Bob, would have moved ono of their most insignificant muscles to look at him; and yet within an hour had the Mayor become a curiosity, a marvel to stare and shuddor at. ' I always thought so woll of him ! ' cried Maude. ' I 'd have been sworn for him ! ' exclaimed Prudence ' Such a downright steady one, I thought,' said Samp son; whilst Dob, with a grin, gave it as his opinion, ' that nobody was to bo trusted after he ! ' . Ho«v often docs it happen that a man learns that ho had a good name, only when ho ceases to possess it ! If u. man would know what his friends thought of him, lot it be given out that he is dead, or has unfortunately nicked a pooled. Then mute opinion finds a tongue : ho was the best of fellows, or, in the words of Bob, ' nobody is to be trusted after he.' ; ; Tobias took his appointed soat; many denizens': of Hole-oura- Corner were at their jugs ; some tittered, some laughed outright, and ono of the boldest begged to know of his worship what ho thought of the crops ? ' ?; ' Crop3 !' cried Tobias, with foveriBh lips; ? ' Yes, your worship, tho hay they say -is getting mighty for 'ard ' ? ???? ? Tobias callod upon his dignity, but it came not to. Mb aid. For half an hour ho sat on thistles, and then, amidst a very shower of laughter, quitted tho 'Red Mug.' ? ..,:!,! lii.-ju The next morning, and for days afterwards, whore var Tobias Aconite moved in I ho town of Hole-cum-Corner, lie mot no urchin that, graining, carried', not in his belt or cap.a whisp of hay. ? .. - ? . ».i'_, ' Tho Mayor was a Hbcrtino— a. doomed man. . .,. :,-. , . .-Tace it as he might, Tobiasicould not but feel tlmt his Toputation was lost in Holo-cum-Corncr. In vain did he call to his aid : the consciousness of : his innocence* — in vain, , with, now philosophy, did he strive to put aside appearance with a ' pish ! ' — appearance was against him, and he, the most virtuous of men, was hulil tho most prpfligato' of mayors Rated at home — preached at whon he went to church — eveu tukon to task when on the bench, life was become to Tobias a misery aud a load. ; ' Woe is me ! ' cried the desolate Mayor, seated soli tary in his chimnoy-cornor; for his dame, in a whirlwind of. virtuous indignation, hail quitted him— the wrotch ! — to solaco horself over her husband's infirmities at tho house of a gossip. ' Woe is mo ! ' exclaimed Tobias, crossing his legs, and peoring with decpor sadness among the burning coals. ' Woe is mo ! ' criod Tobias for ; the third time, and as he spoke, a sharp peremptory knock was heard at the outer door. ' Somebody for a warrant,' thought Tobias ; ' or, perhaps ? ' Ero Tobias could shupe to himself another guess, a stranger stood before him, shown to the presence of the Mayor by his handmaid, Constance. ' You have business with me ? ' asked the Mayor. ' Right ! I huvo, old cock,' answered the stranger, at the sumo time relieving himself of an ample cloak, which, with a broad hut, ho familiarly flung upon the tablo, and then seating himself opposite to Tobias, stroked his chin, aud with his eyes fixed upon the Mayor, treated himself with a scurcoly audible whistle. ; 'He can't bo in tho ale trade,' thought Tobias, uneasy at tho odd, composed demeanour of his visitor, and no less wondering at his mode of address; for tho stranger uttorod '.old cock,' with as much solemnity as if.ho had said, 'your holiness! '' ' ' - ?' ' ? The stranger remaining silent, Tobias again essayed ah invitation to discourse ' Will you draw noaror the fire ; !.' asked the Mayor, with increasing trepidation. ? ; 'The visitor cast a contemptuous look at Tobias, and cxclahnod in hollow/ satirical tonos; ' And1 do you call that a. fire ?.' ' v : ;??:???-?? :?- .^ ???..??- :,:-:? .^i.:,-.-n i-.-. As ho spoke, to mark his opinion of tho embers, the stranger thrust his right log intr.'tho midst of the blazing fagots, and again' softly whistled,1 tho flames creeping up hiskneo. ? ? . .: - ? Tobias soreamed, ,'.' Good Sir! your log!,' :,,;.. ; -? ?? To tliis.i.benovolent; warning, :tho stranger, i calmly observed,; 'How Btnaoksthe ale I'. :,:; n,i, :,.:, ;. ,',n:: ' Tobias, with all his faults, was hospitable asPalemon ; hardly would, he have closed his door againsta mad dog. Uonco, with a loud knock, he summoned Constance, who, instructed in tho slightest household nods of her master, betook herself to tho collar.' '; '' ' '! ) r:/l';' ? '?' '? 'A late time for firos,' remarked the viBitor. ?'?: ?'; ?;; ' It is rather1 late,' replied the confounded Tobias; his cyoupon his visitor's log— tho said leg becoming hot, rod hot, as glowing iron,— 'it is late, but the night was so extremely; wet, that ? '.?.'? .: . i : ?'??? i.,T 'Shocking weather for tho hay,'* said tho stranger, again 'wliilstling, and- throwing a ? look; at Tobias, that, Mayor ns he was, mado him gasp again. At this moment, however, Constance entered .with a .largo, stone jug, crowned with the boat alo, which ;sho hadhappily placed upon the table, ore her eyo fell upon tho rod-hot right log of tho visitor ; for no sooner did sho behold tho horrid wondor, than she screamed, flung her apron over her 'eyes, and rushnd from tho spot, crying with a loud voico upon all tho saints. ''?'._ Tho visitor, filling a horni tost it off, and gently smacking his lips, observed, 'Small— small— but protty.' ' Pure as tho light !' assovm-ated Tobias. 'Aro-;you in~r' Tobias could not keep his oyes from tho glowing lrg'of tho stranger — ' uro you in the;olo why-?' : ;' -..i'.l ;often,do.a little. ; in, that .trade ; , but,! may say,' added the strnnger. with much 'jijravity, .',- Imay say, 1 am a general dealer.' i ., s. ,?,./-., ,.(i',,..j.vJti '-,,?;/,..«!* ? i . -...- ' Dabblo somewhat, perhaps, in tho/corn. lino ?' ven tured Tobias. . , : '.'.; '..,-'.-.*'.'. f (.;,..-.?.?.?'.?.';,:?,.,.'.;.,..-,,. 'A d — d deal — horn! .'I beg yourpardon,1' cried the visitor, a little confused at his breach of good manners. ' I do, decidedly ;' and here the strager blandly smiled ; 'but I'll givoyo a toast !' , - . ., Again Tobias glanced at his guest's red-hot log, and then taking courage from tho sociality of his character, rose, and placing his open palms together, in the mildest voice, beggod of his visitor to bo permitted to ask of him a vory little favour. ' Certainly — with the greatest pleasure in tho world,' was tho consent of the stranger. 'What is it?' ;' Your leg — your right leg,' replied Tobias diffidently ; ' if you would only withdraw ? ' ' To bo sure — it is but just — will you oblige mo by ohunging places?'- Tobias immediately moved to the other side of tho hearth, tho stranger also crossing. ' And now, old fullow,' said tho guest, affectionately addressing his loft, leg, ' and now, it is your turn ;' ' saying tins, ho plungod his sinistor limb into tho fire, at the same time rubbing with his hand the right one, that sparkled as he rubbed it. Tobias looked aghast. ' A little nasty rheumatism,' said the stranger, observing tho wondormojit of bis host; 'an excellent remedy. Ami now if you please,' and ho fillod, ' a toast — Hero 's tho hoalth of Gnfler Nimmington !' ? '.' Poor fellow !' said tho Mayor, reflecting on his hasty judgment : 'still, matters wore black against him. I did as any oihor Mayor would do; and now, Sir,' said Tobias, getting courage from his alo, ' now, what may bo your business with mo ?' ; -??? J1(-! , . ' I want to sell you something,' said tho stranger. . s., ' 'What is it? I don't know that I want; anything, except — except ? ' ..,','.. .-.?., 'Ha! that s it,' said the guost; '; that 's tho very thing I come to soil.' ,;.',. .. ,,.; ril: , . 'You're not a podlar?'*,:a8ked Tobias.', ,^N6^— you can't b'o a podlor ?' , ;. ,;,.-''.,.' '; ??; '1:'.':-,-..v ?'?:?. ,';';- i' ,.,- -- 'lean let you hayo a small; commodity, dog-cheap,' criod tho stranger, winking significantly. ??'? ;,,..' , .; ; -;' , .''Where's your pack,? '^inquired the , Mayor of ;;Ifolc- cum-Cornur. , . y ??;.'?,;;.!??*.?- . ,'? '?,? ?;; .?!???« '????i-'n-:;'-'. . 'I have it with me, though you do not soo it. Let me . soe, it ib now how many thousand years since I first began to tramp about tho world ? — ' ,,.' . .'..', ?': . ',,...?. :. ?'.. 'Years ! Mercy upon mel' exelaimod Tobias; , ' surely, Sir, you mean days ?' ,..', ,.,-. ?.....,. . .' . ,i: ? ' .'Ay, very true! bo it so — days. And tako. my word,, for't, some pretty nick-nacks have. I bartered— things that have mado tho owners glorious folks, and now, I come— come hero, through wet and wind and cold— to offer you a thumping pennyworth.' , ; ,.' ',-.;,.,,,,; -i' ?? ,i,;.., . ' And « lint is the article ?' oskod Tobias, his' curiosity excited by tho earnestness of his visitor ; toll mo, what in it you would sell mo ?' , , , ... ? 'i 'm ?; ? 'A bit of good, stout, sorviceablo scamiri^,' said the stranger. ??-.;? ???:.?: L ? :;?::?! i--'.i--. ? ???- - :,' Seeming f' oried tho Mayor. . ; -i ?';?-?,? . i..: , ' Seoroiiiff,' echoed his guest. A suporfinorcloak, trimmed with crmino that .shall never, spook r guarded with gold that shall not tarnish— a thing. of such.nne, yet tough web, that you shall go in it through all tho thorny, places of tho world, yet shall it not tear— Bhall it not fray ? a beautiful, yea, a, magnifioont,' cloak J';'? 'Will, ye barter?'' ? -.???- .:'.,'',-??' -^-T ?''?? : '''-?'*- ?'?''''?? 'I am but ,a mrnplo Mayor,' satd'Tobias';, liiij .fancy roused by tho glowing words of tho straiigorjiMand^foaq Imay not purchase such. bravery.. ?Alack!- what! shbulil I. do with-it V' ????',] -?' ' ?'?,:'-' a'. '-. '? ?'??'?f'jt-.v ,-.H';-r» :\ '.' What . will ,yp do-.without:,it ?'* cried the stranger. ' Tush ! you must havo it.' * ) ' Havo you sold many sucli ?' asked Tobins, Tooling a yearning for the cloak. ' What's the prico ?' ' 'A trifle. — and for that I'll giveyo good long credit,' answered the visitor. r ? ' Tako another horn,*' exclaimed Tobias, nnd he poured ' thoalo.— 'By the rood, thou hast heart of gold.! And is there, in good faith, such virtue in the clouk, as thou dost speak of?' 'The cloak hath served tyrants, traitors, muckworms, courtesans, d un'tards, intriguers, bigots ? ' i 'Hallo! liallu! Stop,' cried Tobias, astonished at the catalogue. 'And they have walked in it,' continued tho visitor, heedless of the Mayor, 'outside benefactors, patriots, philanthropists, prudes, hermits, sanctified good people,, saints on earth.' ..-?.: ? ? I 'And all by the cloak ?' asked tho rapt Tobias. -.'? All by tho cloak,' answered the stranger, who taking from Ins pocket a little book, looked blithely in tho fueo of tho Mayor, of Holc-cum-Corncr, and said ? ' Come,' write mo down an order.' ' There 's hardly room,' observed Tobias, turning over' tho leaves which, in truth, were filled to tho edges with no mean names. ' There,' cried tho stranger, laying tho end of his - finger on a blank place; ' write it there.' ? '???? - ?.-?? ?? ??? 'My wife won't know mo in it!' exclaimed Tobias, already enjoying the triumph of the cloak. ? '- '??- ? ; '_' Had you but worn it in the hay-field,' observed tho' visitor, ' you still had been the prudont, moral -Mnyor of Hole-cum-Corner.' i ? Tobias held tho pen between his thumb and linger ; in. another instant his name had been in the book, when his good genius, the spirit of thrift, twitched him by the elbow, and ho laid down tho pen, and uttering an old saw touohing tho usefulness of short reckonings, said, ' So far so well; 'tis a pretty cloak thou dost talk of— but one word yet, what am I to pay theo for it?' ? ' '- 'The cloak shall last tlioo as long as thou dost live; ay, till thou dost don thy shroud,' said tho stranger, evading a direct answer to tho prudent query of Tobias.' ' An excellent cloak,' assented tho Mayor; 'but how much? Nay, man, how much ?' ; ' ??/-:???..' ' Lot the bargain stand thus,' said tho trader. 'I'll find theo in a cloak, under which thou ehalt walk tho oarth; yea, as tho very pink of mon— a sober, hhnest, virtuous, noblo-hcartod Mayor and ale-broworr I'll find theo in this garmont, until thy caroass bo coffined, and thy grave bo dug, and then ? ' 'What thonV' askod Tobias, turning pale, and trembling. , '..-?.;: ????,' ??, ; ' Why then, in payment of my cloak, I'll take thyself.' I ' I'll be d—d if I have tho cloak,' roared Tobias. ' i 'Exactly so,' remarked the stranger. ?' .?:??-??? ^'That ig paying a pretty penny for appearance,'! said the^Mayor. 'Got out of my house 1' and the indignant' Tobias rose, and seizing a stool, flourished it beforo -the' iinmovod face of the cloak-merchant. ' Got out of my: house !' ?.' ' .--?: . ? .? .-. ?? ?? ?:?.'. ?':; 'r' ;(?..?;? .?_???-? : 'Tnou -wilt buy the cloak,' said the stranger, coolly, and he rose to depart — ' for appearance.' '??? . -- ' A _' Curse appbaranoo !' cried Tobias, in the now' strength of his .virtue ;« an honest man defies it ' ' ?' ?' 'Trust me, friond,' replied tho trader, wrapping him self in his' garment, nnd putting on his hat—' trust mo,' tliou wilt havo a valorous hoart to live against nppoar anco— nay, I know thou wilt havo tho cloak.' So saving,' tlio stranger departed ; and Tobias,' perplexed nnd over wrought by the condition of .Ms visitor,— for his red-hot' legs, his paoullar stylo of barter, unerringly revealed tlie; JJeviI,-LBank upon his joint-stool— spoobhless and despair ing. Was ho then to bo tho victim of appearances?' Wns ho, an honeFt,.': well-meaning 'Mayor, 'to .stand In j,the: chronicles of Hole-cum -Corner, a profligate and wretch.? s If was a hiirdfato for a worthy man ; and yet, thought Tobias, it is better to ; suffer innocently, koopinga good- ' conscience, than to «vin a falso reputation by . outsirto. virtues, when nil i is rascal within. Such was; the- noble . resolution of Tobias; and so strengthened, ho- gulped; another ' draught of ale, and vehemently slapping) his knee, cried, ' I will not hnvo the cloak.' ????;' \i'. .Excellent, high-minded Tobias! Champion of truth; against appearance, worthy Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner, i Gentle reader, never parley with the Devil. Though, you treat him with tho coldest politeness — though enter-' ing your homestead (and where will ho not sometimes, look in ?) you suffer him, only for a few moments, to tako a seat and ' rest his weary shanks ' — depend upon' it he will leave traces of his visit. On tho day fallowing the appearance of the cloak raorchant, the houso of Tobias was thronged with the gossips of tho town, brought thither by tho odd reports of Constance, tho maid, who had swo'rn to the red-hot legs of the stranger, as furlhor corroborated by tho burnt prints of his feet in tho oak flooring. There thoy were, sure enough ! And for many score years, there was n proverb in llolo-cum-, Corner, that ho who drank wilh the Devil, would hnvo the footsteps of the fiend at his fireside It wuh sufli-. ciently plain from these supernatural footprints, that Tobias bad sold himself. Ho who had resolutely hpld a, joint-stool at tho fiend's head, was, by one uwfird, ac- ' knowledged the bondman of Satan ! Could it bo other-, wise — were not appearances against him ? ' Days elapsed, and Tobias saw himself shunned by nl( . men; ho was still a mayor, it is truo; but he was no. longer considered a Christian. All tho townsfolk passed him, and no inun bowed — no maiden dropped the; ou.-w tomary salute. ' Bettor be in tho grave!'1 thought Tobias Aconite. : ' ?' ? The church clouk struck ten as, one. morning,. Tobins ? turned a corner into the principal street ot his ' own: romantic town.' It was strange, peoplo no longer stared at him, as, sinco tho advonture in the liny-field, they had constantly done ; thero was no winking one to the other — no pointing — no suppressed laughter ; he walked, it is true, ungrected by any tokens of ° respect, yet exempt from. tho scornful salutations, tho sneers, that nad too long voxed him, .' My good namo begins to triumph!' thought .Tobias. 'Yes, ho is a poor man, and a poor mayor who connotate down appearance; I know my viotory would come — and now, even now, it is upon mo !' ? i'i Such worb the Uatloring thoughts of Tobias as ho proceeded up the street, when about midrway ho saw «, crowd' collected— an enormous crowd, considering tho population of Holo-oum-Cornfer; and saw peoplo hurrying.' to and fro, taking no 'note whatever of him, whoso, 'function, as ho considered it, was to bo^prosent at every, trial. ? 'What can bo tho matter?' thought Tobias,, quiokening liis'paoo towards tho mob. . ,. , ,.,, ..... ?- \- '-A swino !' exclaimed a woman coming from i tho crowd ; ?*« a hog's a lord to ho !' ? ??'- -, ! ..??».- -.:?-: ' Poor croctur |' sichod a second, '' she must have u nice timo of it with sucli a bargain.'. .? . ;.. ??; -;? -^ v,i ' If he was mine,' criod a third, ' I'd sweeten his toast, nnd ule for him, I warrant.'. ?. ? ' ',: ?'- ?? ??:-- tJ ?? ' '.' Welli it is too early in tho morning,'. remarked a ciiubby-fapqd shopkeeper, standing nt his door ; .' besides,' any rcspoctable man would, in suuh a state, have stayed at'iiomo.' ''. 'jr-'Jvt !??,?!???; ? !' He'll bo' the: eternal slinmo and ruin, of; Holccum Corncr,' criod .anoighbour trndosninn ; wlio wna ipro-f coedtng in his prophecy, when he wns interrupted ; by al couple of stout follows, como 'from tho mob- ? to beg. the loan of a shutter, resoliitbly refused by the ownor,:on tlio i - ? -ground that an honest man's' shutter was too good to ?carry such a vagabond. ? All this Tobias heard and noted as ho strode towards 4he crowd. At length he pushes in the very thick of the mob, and beholds — oh ! wicked enchantment ! — malignant ?conjuration ! — Satanic spell, to rob a man and mayor of dearest faraej Tobias Aconite beholds -himself! His truo similitude — ?his very- image — his perfect identity ! And how ? in what condition is this fantastic image — his other self, begotten by Beelzebub ? Alas ! filthily drunk — lying in the highway, now raving, shouting, cursing — and now in maudlin tears and laughter, calling himself the prettiest of mayors, and begging any ono of the company to favour iiim with a song. . ' If he is 'I obios,' thought Aconite, ' then who ant I .?'. And then it flashed upon him, that no soul had ? noticed him — that ho had passed like a shadow through the streets — a thing unseen, unthought of I He, his proper self, was then invisible; and oh! misery — ho and his deeds wero represented to the honest folks of Hole cum -Corner, by tho moss of drunkenness, shouting and wallowing boforo him. Tho heart of Tobias sank like a stone ! ?' Will you buy tho cloak, now ?' cried a voico at tho oar of Tobias, who, turning round, beheld the stranger with the red-hot logs. ' Will you buv now ?' ho repeated, pointing triumphantly to the false Tobias. , Tobias stretched out his arm, and raised his voico to seizo and publish the tempter, but his hand grasped tho air, his voice died in his throat ; and the demon slowly moving from the crowd, winked at the wretched Mayor, and as Tobias thought, irreverently thrust his tongue in his ohoek. 'Tho Lord help me!' replied Tobias. 'Drink! drink! ha! ha! drink! Hurrah yo raga muffins! ' shouted the impostor Tobias in tho road. ;??? What a beast ! ' thought the true Mayor. ' Ha ! ha ! and am I not a pretty boy ? ' roared tho counterfeit, as he suffered himself to be placed upon an ass, borrowed from Hick tho sandman, to bear him home. Ho was no sooner secured upon tho beast, and supported on each side, than tho false Tobias burst into a song, all the rabble, tho boys nod girls, shouting and hallooing chorus. And- thus singing— thus shouting, did the procession movo towards tho mansion of tho Mayor. - --,-.,.? . .- -; ? , . ? ' What will my wife say ? ' mused tho real Tobias ;* and a pleasant feeling of curiosity to mark the .meeting of his helpmate and his representative, lightened the sad, spirit of Aconite, who' followed tho mob, an outcast, to' his own dwelling. ? ' : . ??? ., .-.: And at length tho crowd paused before the, Mayor's door : in a trice, tho counterfeit Tobias was: lifted from the back of the ass, and roaring and bellowing; was borne into the house, and placed in tho arm-chair— -Dame Aconito.and Constanco her maid, speechless with raga and- wonder at the infamy of their lord and master., The-' real Tobias, all invisible, took his plnco in a corner of the room, and as patiently as possible awaited tho tempest. Dame Bridget seated herself a very few paces from him nhe ooiicoivod to bo her drunkon spouse. Sho spoke not; but her nyobrows wore knit together — her tooth - gnawed her under lip, and sho rocked herself to and fro, at times smiling terribly. ? . ' - ' Its cowing,' snid tbo real Tobias. , - i ' My love,' cried tho forgery — ' Bridget, is n't she my own lovo ? ' hiccuppod tbo fake mayor. ' ? : ;.?..' ..'Aren't you a beast?' asked Damo Tobiao; 'a prolty boast ?' ?? ' , . ? 'He ! ho ! ' answered the counterfeit; -and thon, bend ing his eyes upon the damo, inadeop authoritative voice, ho called— ' Bridget, a jug of ale.' . t i ????..??' ? ' If it would poiBon ye, yes,' answered Dame' Toblas,- and still she frownod, still rocked. . : .. 'She'll have it in a minuln,' wu tho conviction of the true Tobias. '? ? '? Ale !' roared tho false husband. - ' Beast !' screamed Damo Aconito; 'not if a drop would save ye from tho flend.' ' Is n't this dreadful— is n't this shocking ? 'muttered the unreal Tobias, and then he burst into tears. ' Yes-t- cry — cry your eyes out, ye vile man, that ye may n't see what a brute yo aro. Cry away ! ' exclaimed Dame Bridget. ' 'T would melt a xtono to do it,' said the visionary mayor ; ' but it must bo done.' And he rose to his feet, and staggering to a corner, took therefrom an ash-stick, about the thickness of a labourer's thumb. ' It 'a enough to break my heart,' he said, approaching.tho damo, and significantly cutting the air with the switch, ' but it must be done.' ' And what must be done ? ' cried Dame Aconite, somewhat alarmed at the decision of her husband. ' Wives that won't fetch ale,' answered the impostor Tobias, ' must be taught tho way to the cellar.' Saying this, the ruflian counterfeit seized the damo. ' Why, you would n't ? ' exclaimed the wife in aston ishment, for sho could not say another word in remon strance : tho false mayor — shame to manhood — laid the stick about the shouldors of a weak and lovely woman, tho said woman screaming more murders than, in this world of sin, hud evor boon committed ; hor cries taken up and assisted by the lungs of Constance, who, rushing to tho donv, called upon tho townspeople of Holecum Corncr, to save tho existence of the best of wives, and tho tondercst of women ; whilst they both screamed, (ho fulso Tobias bent, and the true Mayor, with a com placency thiit oven astonished himself, sat in the corner. A few minutes, and tho house was fillod with indig nant neighbours. Some ran to assist Damo Aconite, who fainted tho very moment succour was at hand ; but more surrounded the false Aconite, heaping upon his coward head every epithet of hatred, contempt, and scorn. ' A pretty mayor, to beat a woman ! ' ' A wretch for whom hanging was too great a treat! ' ' He might have got drunk, and no great harm done ; but to beat his wifo ! ' 'Will you buy the cloak, now?' again asked the Dovit of Tobias. ' Will you buy it now V' ? ' Sho wanted her match,' mus-Hl the truo Tobias, un conscious of the question. , , ' Will you buy the cloak now ? ' asked the Devil in a louder voice. ' . 'Not, this time,' replied tho satisfied Mayor. ;, A profligate, a sot, and a coward; such was the cha racter of the Mayor of HoIe-oum-Corner, a virtuous,, temperate, nnd a tolerably tender husband. Strange temptations beset the spirit of Tobias. It was, indeed; a trying fate to be doomed to bear tbo ignominy of wicked deeds, when he was pure as snow ; to face the looks of public contempt, and then to turn his eyes within, seeking, for light in his own bosom. We will not disguise his. fitful weakness. At times he had his misgivings ; ho almost thought it best to strike a bargain for tho cloak, so froquontly pressed upon him, and thus enveloping, hlinself in tho outsido of virtuous appearance, to obtain, the sweet privilege of sinning in sooret. Weeks passed on, and Tobias performed his functions as magistrate ;. but, alas ! tho glory of his office was departed. Tho homago paid to him was forced nnd sullen — ho was no longer tho oraclo to his roverontial fellow-townsmen, but uttered hU decrees to deaf ears and turncd-up 110603 He had no consolation — nono : yes, he had the approving: voico of hi* own conscience; and how it happened wo know not, but of lato bis wife Damo Bridget had become-, as mild, as sweetly complying, as in hor early days of budding love.. Never, after tho labours of tho day,, did, Tobias return to his home that he saw not a well-filled ale-jug waiting him on the Uble ! ? Time, passed, and the fiend ceased to tempt Tobias; who, yearning for the former confidence of his fellow citizens, pondored upon many schemes, whereby he might again possess their ancient love — their old familiar respect.. He at length decided on tho plan ; he would give a banquet, a most magnificent feast to his equals of Hole-cum-Corner,' and have an ox or two roastod for the vulgar. It was a foolish thought; but Tobias really hoped to dine away his evil name — to drown his spotted reputation in a soa of drink. He had determined upon this hospitable act, when great news rang through the town or Hole-oum-Corner. A foreign prince, an awful Spaniard, in whose veins ran tho very best blood-royal, had arrived in Britain on business matrimonial. We have searched the pag_es of the Chroniclers, but found not his name ; in the history of Hole-cura-Corner, he is ?imply yet impressively marked ' the Spaniard.' Now the Hidalgo, proposing to bohold all the com mercial wonders of our wonderful land, oould not, in his progress through the country, but visit tho dolls'-eycs manufactory at Hole-cum-Corner. In tho true spirit of ' English hospitality, all our manufacturing secrets were laid open to him, nor could the men of Hole-cum-Corner be less complaisant than their fellow- Britons. Here was an opportunity for Tobias — a golden chance, not for tho world itself to be lost. In brief, the Mayor summoned a moeting of the townsfolk, and with tears in his eyes, begged that all little differences of opinion as to politics and morals might, for tho time, bo laid aside : that all bickerings might bo forgotten, in tho general endeavour to pay a hospitable welcome to the arriving Spaniard. The address of Tobias had, it was plain, some effect upon his prejudiced hearers, all anxious for the repu tation of Hole-cum-Corner ; but, when tho Mayor con cluded his speech with a promise to feast the whole town at his own privato cost, the hall rang with acclamations, and there were at least twenty worthy souls who declared it to be their opinion that ' Toby Aconite was an honest man after all.' The rest of that day did Tobias employ, airing himself in the streots of Holo-cum-Corner. It was so delicious to meet, as he was wont to moot, old friends ; to return tho smile, tho bow, to exchange tho merry greeting. Again did Tobias feel himsolf the Mayor of Holecum Corner. The church bells rang in the happy day ; shops were closed ; every man, woman, and child in their best clothes, and with their blithest looks ; fifty maidens scat tered roses in the path of the magnificent stranger, and a thousand voices rent the sky, and the first glimpse of his right royal beard. The Spaniard alighted at the Mansion-house, and though he spoko not a word of English, expressed hinmelf enraptured with his reception. At which 1 obias Aconite placed his hand upon his heart, and upon his honour declared that day to bo the very happiest of his whole existence Tho Spaniard and his followers having partaken of a slight repast of brawn, brown bread, and ale, — a public-spirited economical townsman calculated that each man consumed a pound and a half of moat, a twopenny loaf, and two quarts of liquor, — were conducted by the' Mayor nnd other autho ritios, to inspoot the public works and buildings of Hole cum-Corner. Thu moving in bIow procession down Prlgapplo-lnne, the Spaniard was bIicwu thn stocks, at which curious instance of man's ingenuity ho expressed his most intense delight. Ho wub continually heard to murmur as to himself, ' Great English! wonderful people 1' a truth translated by tho schoolmaster of Hole - eum-Cornor ; who, in his childhood wrecked off Cadiz, had Borved three years as turnspit in tho most Holy' Inquisition. Having duly inspected tho Btooks, the' Spaniard was conducted two miles out of the town, to Hempseed Common, to view an antique gibbet, one of the highly prized, most sacred, and most vcnerablo institutions of Holo-cum-Cornor. Here again he ox claimed ' Great English ! wonderful people !' Returning to the town, the illustrious visitor was conducted to tho cake-manufactory — (wo have alluded to these cakes in an early part of this legend) — whore was exhibited to him the whole process of csko-making, at which, as before, he declared himself sufficiently astonished, and biting a cake hot from the oven, again exclaimed, ' Groat English ! wonderful people !' The royal Spaniard was, after this, shewn over tho vast establishment of Squit and Leer, inventors and makers of dolls'-cycs. Here a most gratifying surprise awaited the royal guest, for he was presented, not only with the freedom of the town, in a handsome pearl box, but with a document that enabled him to set up as dolls' eyes maker in any part of England ; a privilege which he declared to bo the most flattering mark of national liberality, and national affection. He avowed that in the whole course of his life ho would never look into the eyea of a doll, without thinking of the worthy people of Hole cum-Corner. To return to Tobias. Ho had hid his trials, but ho was supremely happy that day. However, his crowning triumph was at hand. One o'clock, the dinner-hour, was fast approaching, and then he would usher the royal Spaniard to the banquet-room ! thero and then, he would so smile himself into the good graces of his most illustrious guest, that, should tho Hidalgo wed tho virgin queen — (by this, it would seem that the time of the legend was. that of Elizabeth, though we consider it to be much earlier) — he, Tobias, would have knighthood as a thing of course The heart of tho Mayor of Hole-cum-Corner beat high as ho preceded the Spaniard up the three steps of the Mansion-house. It was remarkable, that tho illustrious guest, as he crossed tho threshold, observed, that ' the weather was hot, but that probably it would be cooler in the evening.' This being translated to the Mayor, he bowed, and said he should like to see the face of that man who would dare to doubt it. .Another moment, and tho Spaniard would reach the dining- hall ; he, however, stopped short, and as a particular favour requested that he might be permitted to wash his hands. Tho Spaniard retired, and for one minute, and only one, did Tobias quit his post, the door of an ante-room through which the magnificent foreigner must pass. The door opened — tho Spaniard appeared, — but, oh, horror ! there, bowing him along, was another Tobias) — no doubt the self-same drunkard of the highway ; the knave who cudgelled Bridget ; tho curse and libel of Aconite's life. Again did Tobias feel that he was invisible, and thus bo followed the crowd into the dining- hall, — the demon, the ghost of himself, smirking and bowing, and looking loftily around, doing the needful honours to tho mighty foreigner. Who shall toll tho anguish at tho heart of Tobias, as ho saw his accursed siinilitudo tako his station behind the chair of tho Spaniard 5 beheld him smiled upon by his guest, and at length, with gentle, courteous violence, forced into u scat besido him ? Tho dinner — would wo could do fitting honour to tho storlcB, cranes, swans, norpoisos, and all other dclicacios of those iirimitivo diiys — passed off with abounding content. Happiness glistened in the greasy face of inpny a denizen of Holo-cum-Corner ; and Tobias, invisible as he was, was tortured by tho praises that fell from many a former onemy, mado his foo by tho Demon at the top of tho table. ' Forgot and forgive,' cried ono townsman, as he tossed olF his cup ; ' Tobias is a noble fellow, when all's done.' — ' His heart's in the right place,' remarked another, ' for he has dined us liko kings.' Thcso wcro flattering words, yet wovo they daggers to Tobias, fearful of some now prank on tho part of Tub diabolical represent ?tnttyc.-^-sorab'iriramous net, that should again plunge him twenty fathom deep in obloquy. ????-.-? ,? -t-iiThere : wns a pause ; and though .Tobias' felt hinibolf a .shade, ho Bwpatcd again, as his demon likeness roso nnd begged to give a toast — the health of the Spaniard. This the false Tobias did in a speech of unwrinkled eloquence ; .dwelt upon every known and unknown virtue of (ho princely guest, with such fervour, such possionato admira tion, that the whole meeting were breathless with astonishment, and, the oration ended, more thnn one -townsman declared 'the mayor was not a man, but an angel. Now, indeed, the true mayor would havo been ?too well reconciled to fortune, had I lie demon disappeared, nnd ho could huvo usserted his own likeness. , ' At this moment, the face turned from the table, and looking up nt Tobias, asked in a low voioe, ' Will you . Jjuy the cloak now ?' r.,|**;Nol' exclaimed a truo Tobias, startled at Ills own ?voice; whilst Bhouts of ' Silence !' rang through tho hull;-. ?? Tho Spaniard rpse — stroked his beard, put his hand Upon his heart, said at least ten words, cast liis eyes to the ceiling, and sat down again, amidst a torrent of applause. , a Still Tobias fixed his eyes upon his infernal resemblance, still he — oh ! was there ever sucli villany — such inhospi table felony ? Whilst tho Spaniard was on his leirs, the 3Mn.yor.of Hole-cmn-Corner seated hesido him, took up a Juiii'e, and severed a bright blue ribbon circling the Spaniard's neck, a ribbon from which depended the order of the Zebra, an order composed of richest diamonds, tho tftripos in rubies. Of this magnificent jewel did tho demon-mayor possess himself, and, us if nothing at all had happened, put it in his right-hand breeches-pocket 1 Faithful Alonzo! Intrepid Ximenes ! Stouthearted Gonzago ! Vuloroua Toboso ! Ye, all chamberlains to tho princely Spaniard, saw the felony, and without a word, drew your ferruras, and fell upon the mayor. In tin instant, the order of the Zebra was snatched from tho culprit's pocket, and his guilt made manifest to the assembly ; whereupon some called for halters, whilst some insisted on a stake and hurdle. ; The falso mayor was consigned to gftol, and tho true Tobias hugged himself 'on his invisibility. . The Spaniard took horse for London, and as a particu lar favour requested tho head and quartern of tho Mayor of. Ilolo-cum-Corner, which request wat in the rnont handsomo manner granted by the queen then reigning. Execution was douo upon tho Demon functionary. Tho real, invisible Tobias beheld tho execution. _ Aa tho culprit was lud to tho block, the old familiar voice of tho tempter asked tho true Mayor, ' Will you buy the cloak now ?' . !.,: , ; Hero was a dilomma 1 If Tobias refused, tho Demon would vanish, and ho bo made to Buffer for his crimo. lie paused! .?...-..'?.' '..: . . ,,' Will you buy the cloak now ?', was repealed. ,, 'No,' answered tho stout Tobias. Ho, preferred the consciousness of innocence though stained with tho. odium of, guilt, to tho outside appearance of virtue with inner hypocrisy. 'No,', repeated Tobias, and ho Instantly expected tho. Demon to vanish. To his mirprisc, however, the falsa Tobias was beheaded, mid moat scrupulously quartered. ..[.;? . .' ? . , ' . ' . From that momont, tho tempter appeared not to Tobias, who elpthud himself in woods, put a scallop in his cap, and like a virtuous pilgrim, passed beyond the seas. _ A story ran that Gaffer Nimmington, tho victim of Tobias, had sold himself to the fiend for. revenge upon the .Mayor, who, in his turn, was punished for his hasty sentence upon' Gaffer — n. sentence passed upon ,ap poarnnco!,. -.'-..., ,,...,' ...'-., Tobias dltd f,ir, far nwny ; yot wait it tho faith of many generations, tlint, in tho likeness 'of a gray gundeV, their ancientMayor for generations watched over nnd protected the town of Hole-cum-Cornor. ? -??' - 