DREADFUL STATE OF DESTITUTION. Yesterday, a miserable object was brought up before Sir Peter Laurie, at Guildhall, by police man AI, who stated that he had taken the prisoner into custody on the heinous charge of begging. He had found him seated on the pavement, the culprit having written thereon with chalk ' I am starving.' The general bold- ness and flourish of the writing man was of the most hardened description. Several of the al- dermen had been considerably disgusted with it, as another evidence of the effrontery of the lower classes. Sir Peter Laurie - Starving, eh ! Humph! a growing abuse. I must put it down in the same way that I crushed suicide. What is your name, my man ? and what is your occupation ? Prisoner - My name's my own property, and I shall keep it to myself. As for my occupa tion (here the prisoner laughed hysterically), my occupation's gone. Sir Peter - Come, come, no laughing here. I'm an alderman, and won't allow such fellows as you to write "starving" on the Queen's high- way, with the London Tavern, Birch's, and a hundred cook-shops beside, in the city. What are you ? Here the policeman informed Sir Peter that the prisoner was the Clown of Richardson's Show. Since last Baltholomew's-day he had been wandering about the city -abusing the Court of Aldermen - swearing that they had robbed him of his birthright - and that he'd have compensation, or his friend Lord Brougham should know it. Sir Peter - Oh, oh! And pray, fellow, is this true ? Prisoner - Yes, it is ; even though the police- man swears it. The Court of Aldermen have robbed me of my birthright. I was born a Clown - I have a wested interest in Bartlemy Fair, and was brought up to get my living by making a fool of myself; and now tbe Court of Aldermen, like a pack of amatoors - Policeman - He means amateurs, your wor- ship. Prisoner - Didn't I say so? Like a parcel of amatoors, come and take the bread out of my mouth. Is flesh and blood to stand this ? I married the Ghost of the Show - as sweet a creature as ever stood in a white sheet - on the strength of Bartlemy Fair ; I'm the father of a family, on the understanding that Bartlemy should last for ever. And, now it's put down, I should like know why I'm not to have what they call compensation. I can't do nothing but grin, and what's to become of me ? I tumbled from the werry breast, and now I'm brought to a stand still. Here the worthy magistrate, becoming visibly affected, asked the prisoner what had become of the rest of the troop. Prisoner - Why, the Pantaloon's married the Columbine - she had saved five pound - and gone into the baked tater business. The Harlequin now and then gets a job as mute with his cousin, an undertaker. As for me, why I tell you - me and the Ghost of my bosom is starving. Sir Peter - Nevertheless, you musn't write " starvation" in the City - it is offensive to the aldermen, and, as I say, is flying in the faces of the chophouses. Prisoner (much excited) - Will the al- dermen give me conspensation, then ? Sir Peter - Be quite, my man. Impos- sible ! Prisoner - Will they buy my Clown's dress, then ? It's sure to fit some of 'em. Sir Peter - Quite out of the question. Not- withstanding, I feel such an interest in you - I may almost say that it amounts to a sympathy, that - Prisoner - Heaven bless you, Sir Peter ! Sir Peter - That I will see what can be done for you and your wife. Hereupon Sir Peter directed the officer to go to Mr Osbaldeston, of the Victoria theatre, to iuquire if, with his known benevolence, he could not give shelter in his asylum to the unhappy couple. In a short time the officer returned with a letter to Sir Peter from Mr O., stating that he should be happy to engage the prisoner for the next Christmas pantomime, and that there would always be employment for his wife, the Ghost, in the continual run of some domestic drama. The poor fellow was so overcome with grati- tude that he threw a somerset out of court. 