V A R I E TI ES. AHAB BREAD BA KI Nt).-The Arabs adhere to those principles of bread baking which have been sanctioned by the experience of ages. The very first baker of bread that ever lived must have done his work exactly us thc Arab does at this day. He takes some meal and holds it out in the hollow of Ins hands, whilst his comrade pours over il a few drops of water. He then mashes up the moistened flour into a paste, which he pulls, into small pieces, and thrusts into the embers. His way of baking exactly resembles the craft or mystery of roasting chestnuts, as prac tised by children ; there is the same prudence and circumspection in choosing a good bet tit for the morsel, the same enterprise and self-sacrificing valour in pulling it out with the fingers. -EOTHEN. NOVEL ADVENTURE.-A young gen tleman of Troy, whilst on his way up the Hudson in the Swallow, thrust him self in his sleep through the small win dow in his berth, in the forward cabin, until his feet touched the water. Coming out just in front of the paddle-wheel, where the spray moved rapidly, he awoke from his dream, and found he was wj^^ tl« knocked on ftíe window of Wei berth, alp; finally roused up 4 ^rie who gavéthe aiarrn. " The captain suj posed jt w|s some insane man, and in mediately :)owered the boat, and the ui ; fortunate gentleman was-rescued fro his^extraordinary position.-AMEBIC.I PAFBR. r«E PEASANT, POLICEMAN, AND PEER -We last week recorded the circunistani of a Liverpoolpoliceman having been el vated to the Irish peerage by the title Earl Tracy, A correspondent, .who sa; he has an " intimate knowledge of tl family," forwarded us the following :. " James Tracy, the policeman, who has r cently been elevated to the peerage, wi born in Geashill, a small village in tl King's County, ireland. He is the elde son ot a large family, who was a tolerabl good specimen of what O'Connell woul call 'the finest pisaotry in the world When a boy he was noticed by a gentlema of the neighbourhood, who took him int his house, where he acquitted himself JE much tp the gentleman's satisfaction, th: he bestowed on hint a liberal educatioi and procured him a situation in a countin house. He subsequently married a lady < great beauty, with a fortune of aboi £2600. He then embarked in the win and spirit business, and for some years ha an establishment on Summerhill, Dublit Under these circumstances of affluence h did.not forget his parents'-humble roof.au his brothers were appointed to miner office in his establishment. His long-pendin case in the Lords, however, drained his re sources, and we next find him exercisinj I the functions of a policeman;in'Liverpool This might be said to be a ' step from th sublime tb the ridiculous,' but, So ! agar I the scene is changed, and we behold him : peer of the realm I possessing a fine.portl; frame, that would not disgrace a monarch added to a good and generous disposition and an extensive knowledge of human na turé,"- Bristol Mercury, THE BARMAID— " Look at that gall," said Mr. Slick, " ain't she a smasher." What a tall well-made, handsome piece of furniture she is, ain't she ? Look at her hair, ain't it neat ? and her clothes fit so well, and are so nice and her cap so white, and her complexion so clear, and she looks so good-natured, and smiles so sweet it does one good to look at her. She is a whole team and a horse to spare, that gall,— that's a f»ct. Ï go and call Tor two or three glasses ol vamlv-corktail more than 1 want every'day just for the sake of talking lo her. &he;*I>vayt says, * What will yon be pleased to have, sir ? Semuihin',' say? 1, * that I can't have,' lookrn at her pretty mourn about the wickedest ; well she laughs, for she knows what! mean ; end saya, ' P'r'aps you Will bave ra glass of bitters, sir ?'«nd abe goes and getB it. Well, ibis goei on three or four times a day, every time the idenrical same tune, only with vaiiatfdns* About an hour afore you come in I was there again, '< What will yea be pleased -to have, air t' say« she again, laughin'- ' Spmélbin' I can't get,1 says 1, a laughin' too, and a smsckin' of my Ups and a letting' off. sparks from my eyes like a blacksmith's chimney. ' You can't tell that till you try,* said she ; ' but you can bare bitters at any ratrOand she drawed a glass and gave it to me. It tan'le so bad that, is it'? Well, how she bas teed you before, and knows you very well * go to ber and see how nicely she will courtshy, bow pretty she trill smite, and bow ladylike sba will say ' Mow do you do. Bir ? ' J hope you: are quite well, sir ?; bare you just ar ri redi-Here chambermaid, «how this gentleman to No. 200.-Sorry, sir, we are so full, but to morrow we will move you into a better room.-* Thomas, take ap this gentleman's luggage and iben she'd courtshy again, and smile handsome Oju't that look well now ? to please, that's all But stop a bit, don't be in such an everlasting' almighty hurry: think afote you speak ; go there again -set ber in a smiling'once more, and look close. li's only skin deep-just ota the surface, like scat's paw on the water, it's nothin' but a rimple like, and no more ; then look closer still and you will discern die coloi of it. Ieee you laugh at tba color of a smile, but still watch and you'll see it. Look now, don't you see the colour of the shilling there, it's while, and cold, and ailvery- ' it's a bought smile/ and a bought smile, like an artificial flower, has no sweetness in it. There is no natur -it'd a cheat-it don't ryle you none, but still its a cheat. It's like wbipt cream ; open your mouth wide, take it all in, and shut your lips down on it tight, and it's nothin'— it's only a mouthful of moonshine ; yes, it's a pretty cheat that's a fact.' "— Sam Slick. MONMOUTH STEAM ELECTRICAL MACHINE.— A hydro-electrical machine, of extraordinary and unprecedented power, is now being constructed for the United States. It will be able to produce a spark of 36 inches to coat 3,500 feet of metallic surface, in a battery of 48 Leyden jars, of two feet high by ten inches in diameter. This shock would kill a thousand men in an instant, if it were passed through such a chain ! This machine will be more than four times as powerful as the one exhibited at the Polytechnic Institution, London, whose effects have been witnessed by more than three hundred thousand persons within the last year, and is now by far the most powerful instrument in the world. The expense will be nearly 4,500 dollars, with the apparatus for illustration.— The name of this Leviathan machine is to be the " Benjamin Franklin," and as it will not be shown at all in Europe, America will possess, exclusively, this magnificent, unequalled instrument. lt will leave the manufactory for the United States early in the year. Ärougfctbemirty r*»tcb arose »o test ibi fací, ÜW $|ht was somewhatcloudy, 'bat' ' notwithstanding. tb« dateh took place, attended by a vast ¿rowd of pf rtoM who bael bean attraoied to the;«pot. The bird was to fly a mile between Uie hours of tea aad*leren o'clock at night. The pigeon haring been marlced in tbe usual way, tossed »» the door of tba George public! house, Grarel-ïane, < Southwark, where tba matou 'was mude, bat vas soon out of sight, reaohiog its home in a few seconds, with apparent ease. The hird passed through the bolting-wire of the trap into the i pigeon-loft , where it was seen retí by the owner, who produced the bird at the bouse where tba . match was made, under ton minutes, to the great 6 astonishment of a large aasemblage of pigeon fanciers and others. The pigeon' alluded to is , the property of Mr. T. Braddock, of Winchesrer ' place, Southwark^ The same- bird has flown from Windsor, Hampton Court, Gravesend.and many other principal race-courses in England, m extraordinary quick time. A young lady, known to the present writer, was terrified one night by seeing at the foot of her bed a tall shadow, making perpetual obei sances. 1'bough it is -quite natural that beauty should be in the receipt ofjiomage, the damsel, accustomed to adulation at other times, was alarmed by such intrusion at " the dead waist« and middle of the night." Hiding her head tinder the bed-clothes, she summoned ber scat tered spirits, took counsel within herself, and baring recovered ber presence of mind, looked -, with scrutinizing eye at the phantom. There it was, still makin; salaams. " A figure of' the other world V" thought abe- " Dreadful !" How far she might have blamed ber attraction for .bringing such unwelcome visitants, no ona could tell ; but her self-possession bad acquired strength ; and self-possession ts fatal lo ghosts, whether their advent be to worship or to terrify. Shs arose went to the window, and detected " the cause of the effect.'" Her house was on the border bf th? suburban by-lane, and a gas lamp standing liiere had projected into the room a shadow of an intermediate tree, whoso brancbea swayed in (he night breeze. She took care after wards to close the shatters. A Dr ic F or AN IRISH AI>OTMECAHY -If you find three tumblers of whiskey punch disagree with you over night, don't take'«rn till nest day, and then leave 'em off entirely. In criticising a hook, you ore at liberty ta remark upon every page. In criticising a news paper, you must look to its general tone and character. An author m«y write only when die PfirtiT morea him. An Editor must «rite whe ther the spirit moves him or not! 