THE DEMONOLATRY OF ROME. "Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Hi bi only shah thou serve," said the God of Israel. "I have a few things against thee," said the Faithful and True Witness unto the Church of Thyatira, " because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth her self a prophetess, to leach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication , arid to eat things sacrificed unto dols," " Now the Spirit speaketh expressly/' saith the Apostle Paul to the Bishop of Ephesus, " r hat in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heal to seducing spirits , and doctrines of devils' (or demons). The Holy Scripture speaks of but one sort of worship, and of but one object of worship. Thesor/ of worship (latriaj which Scripture enjoins is the reverence and adoration due from the creature to the Creator, irom the mortal to (he Immortal, fioin the earthly child to the Heavenly Father. The sole object of worship is the Holy and Blessed Triune Jehovah. ' Thou shalt have no other jrods but me,'' spake the Lord Himself amid the thunders ol Sinai. The Scripture says nothing whatever of inferior deities or objects of worship, nor o' any gradations of mental reverence corre sponding to the supposed rank of the being or ob ject to be adoivd. We find nothing in Scripture of a hyperdulia , a superior kind of adoration, to be rendered to the Virgin Mary ; nothing of a dulia, a worship, to be paid to the souls of departed Apos- tb.s and martyrs ; nothing of a sub-da/iu, an in ferior species of reverence, to be paid to dead men's bones or garments, a reverence such as that which the learned College of Rheims fells us the Pa triarch Jacob paid to the top of his walking-stick. The Church of Rome has not only constituted new objects of worship, but has also invented new degrees, sorts, and forms of worship, to suit her new polytheism. She has, moreover, erected graven images of her Deifies, before which she teaches her victims to bow down - nay, more, she has changed the glory of the incorruptible Holy One into the likeness of corruptible man; she has invented a priestly juggle, a spiritual alchemy, by which she pretends to convert a piece of bread into the Lord of Heaven and Earth, and after having per formed this transmutation, she causes ihe blind muhiliule to fall prostrate before the idol, and, to ; consummate the awful blasphemy, causes them to j eat the God which she has made. But upon the subj -cts of Image-worship, and the Mass, it is not j here intended to enter ; the question of Saint wor- j ship, or, as it is more properly termed, Demonola- j try , will afford ample matter for present cousiclera- ' tion. Spiritual fornication or the worshipping of beings, persons, or things, other lliau the only living and true God, is the heresy with which the Church of Rome stands charged. As the state of marriage represents the mysterious union of Christ and His Church, so the sins of fornication and adultery are used to represent the alienation and corruption of heart which are implied by the worshipping ol.ot her Gods. " How shall I pardon line for ihis P thy children have forsaken me, and sworn by hern that are rio gods : when I have fed them to the full, they then committed adultery, and afsersabled themselves in the harlots' houses." This language was adiirtJJsed to the Church of Israel, but it is not less applicable to Rome. That skiing after >ther Gods, which was called adultery q the time of Jeremiah, cannot be legitimate tr 3.' ship undej the present dispensation ; and if the groves or temples wherein those other Gods are worshipped were called " harlots' houses '' by holy men of old, the most splendid Mass-house in the modern world de serves no better title now. These are not days in which the abominations of Paganism, concealed under a Christian garb, are to escape exposure and reprobation, or to retain unquestioned their ficti tious names and characters. The Saint- worship or Demonolatry of Rome may be considered in three points of view, viz.- 1st. With respect to its origin. 2nd, Its innate ab surdity. And 3rd. Its practical effect on the minds of the deluded people. 1st. Concerning the origin of the worship of departed Saints — it has been over and over again proved to have been borrowed from Ihe heathen custom of deifying departed heroes ; the Popish ceremony of canonization corresponding pre cisely to the heathen apotheosis. Plato tells us that "Demons are an inferior sort of deified powers; as a middle between the sovereign gods and mortal men, Plutarch traces this distinction between gods and demons to the time of Zoroaster, the founder of the Oriental sect of Fire-worshippers. Plato farther tells us, in his Symposium, "God is not approached by men ; but all commerce and in tercourse between God and men is performed by the mediation of demons. Apuleius also, who wrote a treatise on the Apotheosis or Deification of Socrates, a very celebrated heathen philosopher, thus describes demons — "They are carriers between men on earth and the gods in heaven : from hence of prayers, from thence of gifts ; for, ' he observes, " it becometh not the majesty of the Sovereign gods to manage these things themselves." These demons, to whom such important offices are as signed, were none other than the souls of men deified after death; "for," as the celebrated Joseph Mede has well said,* " the canonizing of the souls of deceased worthies is not now first devised among Christians, but was an idolatrous trick even from the days of the elder world ; so that the devil, when he brought in this apostatical doctrine among Christians, swerved but little from his ancient method of seducing mankind." The first trace which we find in Ecclesiastical History of this incorporation of heathenism with Christianity is in the Chronicle of Eusabius. That writer ap pears to have been anxious to vindicate the Chris tian Church from the charge of being insensible to departed worth ; for he quotes a passage from Plato in commendation of the practice of serving and adoring the sepulchres of demons, and after- wards endeavours to establish a sort of parallel be- fween'that practice and the practice of Christians, who honored the memory of their martyrs by hold ing assemblies at their sepulchres, in order to show that Christians as well as Gentiles duly esteemed their illustrious dead. It had been well if the practice had terminated here, but in subsequent years the whole doctrine and practice of demon- worship were adopted by the corrupted Church The heathen demons are in Scripture called Baalim, from Baal, or Bel, or Belus, who, as we are in formed by profane historians, was the second King of Babel or Babylon. He was, says Eusebius, the first king who was deified after his death, whence afterwards, all other demons were called by the plural term Baalim, as the Kings of Egypt were called Pharaohs, and the Roman Emperors Caesars. This clearly shews, that the worship of Baalim, for which the Children of Israel were so often and so severely punished, was strictly analo gous to the worship of deified souls, or demons, of the heathen. And it is curious to observe, that, as this practice of demonolatry arose in Babel, the first monarchy whose king aimed at universal do minion, so the parallel practice of saint-worship has arisen in the Church of Rome, whose Bishops have assumed universal temporal and spiritual sway ; from which the Papacy has, not without great justice, been styled the modern Babylon. "The whore of Babylon," says Mede, "is she not rightly termed the Babylonish whore, which hath revived and replanted the doctrines of demons, first lounded in the ancient Babel.'' Now it is surely unnecessary to dwell on the horrible crime of defiling the Church of God with these abominable Pagan customs. Did time per mit, it would be easy to shew the close resemblance between many of the gods of the Pagan and Ro tuish Calendars respectively. Every one has heard of patron-saints ; the heathen likewise had their patron-gods, their Penates, or household- gods, their Manii Dii, or ghost-gods Every pro- lession or trade had its tutelar god among the heathen ; thus Apollo was the god of physic, and of music ; Ceres, of agriculture ; Diana, of mid wifery; and Mercury, of merchandise and thieving; besides Jupiter, who was a sort of superior god, and interfered with everything. Similarly, in Popish countries, we find St. Luke worshipped as the patron-saint of physicians; St. Matthew, of tax-gatherers ; Sr. Peter, of fishermen ; and St. Nicholas, sometimes irreverently called Old Nick, of thieves; and besides all these, there isthe Virgin Mary, who is far superior to them all, aad has been considered so excellent a demon, that the Church of Rome has multiplied her into a vast number of demons, as — Our Lady of Paris, — Our Lady ol Loretto,' — Our Lady of Ciery, of Embrun, &c.; This practice of attaching particular Saints to par ticular countries and places is common to the my thologies both of ancient and modern Rome. If Diana presided at Ephesus, Minerva at Athens, Juno at Argos and Mycenae, and Apollo at Delos, so in a later day we have heard of St, Jago in Spain, St. Antonio in Italy, Si. George for merry England, aud St. Patrick, (who, by the bye, was of Scottish birth) the tutelar deify of Ireland. It would exhaust the patience of the reader to detain him any longer on what old Joseph Mede rightly terms, "an Ethnical dunghill.'' 2\. The philosophical absurdity of the demonolatry, whose origin has now been traced, may be shewn from two very simple facts. The first is, that it is impossible for any man to tell, whether, in pray ing to a departed man or woman, he is praying to a saint before the throne of God, or to an angel of the Prince of darkness. The secrets of the heart are known only to God ; and it is impious for any man to pronounce that this man is saved, and that man damned. So far as human judgment may determine in such a matter, there is every reas-n to believe, that many of those who are worshipped as Saints by the Church of Rome, and are honored as having con. tributed to the treasury of supererogatory works, died under the consciousness of the most frightful crimes. Is it necessary to mention Dominic, the butcher of the Waldenses, the founder of the ac cursed Inquisition ? Is it necessary to mention Ignatius Loyola, fhe founder of the Jesuits, who was ready to run a spear through any one who did not believe the Virgin Mary to have been born as free from sin as our Saviour? Or must the men dicant Saints be mentioned ? — St. Simon Stylites, who sat on the top of a pillar till his leg was eaten with maggots ? or St. Francis, of Assisium, founder of the Franciscan order of Friars ? This last demon is held in especial honor by the Church of Rome, which celebrates a Novena, or Nine Days' Devo tion, in his honor every year. The form of this Novena was published in Dublin in 1834, and that the reader may judge for himself of the " old wives' fables,'' to which the demonolatry of Rome has given rise, an extract or two is subjoined : EIGHTH DAY. The Sacred Stigmas of St Francis. There was in many things a great similarity between the lives of St. Francis and our Divine Redeemer, but the impression of his sacred wounds was, as it were, the completion and the seal of this divine resemblance. Our Lord appeared to him like a most beautiful Seraph, nailed to the cross; and after wounding his heart with the arrows of divine love and the heavenly light of his countenance, and holding with him a mysterious col loquy of ineffable sweetness, he at length wounded his body also, impressing on his hands and feet and side a living image of those sacred wounds which he received in the same parts, for the salvation of mankind on the the cross. This impression was accompanied with ex cessive pain. And it was the will of the Most High that he survived two years impressed with the sacred marks of our Redemption. Thus he was a living crucifixion among men, and lie could truly say with the Apostle, " I live now, not I, but Christ liveth in me." The death of this Saint was attended with some curious circumstances. In the exercises for the ninth day, we read : When his last hour arrived, remembering bis Saviour died naked on the cross, he caused himself t> be iaid on the bare earth. When his superior gave him his habit, and told him, according to custom, it was only given to him for charity, as to my other poor person, he thanked God most devoutly, and rejoiced that in his last moments he should be found a faithful obsetver ol his vow of poverty. # -x- His soul like a star rose immediately to its native haven from the troubled ocean of life, and bis body, which during his life-time was dark-coloured and rigid, became miraculously while and flexible. The wounds of his hands and feet were blackened with the resem blance ol the sacred nails, and that of the side appeared ike a fresh and blooming rose. No one could behold this miracle without feeling compunction for his sins, and melting into tears. And this horrible stuff is palmed on the iguo- rant members of the Church of Rome at the pre sent day. The second fact which shews the absurdity of the Romish Demonolatry is, that, even admitting their so called Saints to be Saints in reality, no man can tell whether his prayers are heard or not. We know that God is everywhere present, and we know that there is one Mediator between God and man; but Rome sets up some thousands of Me diators, and invests them all with the attributes of Omnipresence, so that men who are Antipodes to each other, pray to St. Francis of Assisium, with the same confidence in his ability to hear them as they would have in addressing God himself Docs not this simple circumstance shew that the canonization of Rome invests the souls of men with Divine attributes ? Cicero, the ancient Ro man orator and philosopher, in one of his moral treatises, says to his Roman countrymen — " Let them worship the gods, both those who were ever anointed Celestial, and those whom their own merits have advanced to Heaven ." Bishop Polding would use nearly similar language to his congrega tion in the Hyde Park Mass-house. 3\. The effect of these demonolairous doctrines aud practices on the minds of those who follow them cannot but be fatal. It is not intended to apply that teitn in a sense extending beyond this world. The Sentinel does not hold the keys of the kingdom of Heaven ; but that the doctrines in question are fatal to the growth of piare religion in the soul, and consequently highly dangerous, can not for a moment be doubted. St. Paul tells us, that even the heathen nations were not without excuse, because the eternal power and Godhead, " the in visible things" of Jehovah might be clearly under stood from the creation of the world, from the things that are made ; and yet, nevertheless, " When they knew God, ibey glorified him not as God, neither were that kfnl who changed the truth of Hod into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is Blessed for ever'' Now if the Gentiles were inexcusable, to whom a mere natural theology was known, can those who, under the name of Christ, adopt the Gentile abominations, hope to be excused ? Shall we not rather say to them, in the words of the same Apostle— -" And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God ?" A heart which holds a divided allegiance can never be a sound one. Those emotions of the son), which sometimes lead us unduly to exalt the crea ture, proceed from a spirit of demonolatry. The Apos.le John was inspired by such emotions when he fell at the feet of the Angel who disclosed the Apocalypse to his enraptured senses. " See thou do it not," was the reply of the Heavenly messen ger. The worship of the heart is due to God alone, and neither angels, nor principalities, nor powers, can lawfully come between the heart and its Eternal Sovereign. The poor Gentile Cen turion, when he received Peter as the messenger of God, who should tell him what he ought to do, " fell down at his feet, and worshipped him. But Peler took him up, saying, " Stand up; I myself also am a man." St. Peter is nothing but a dead man now , and though he sealed his testimony for the Gospel with his blood, it cannot be supposed that his death rendered him at all more worthy of being made an object of worship, or that it could endow him with Divine Powers. Alas ! how long will men follow these profane and sinful delusions, and not rather obey the simple words of our Blessed Lord — " God is a Spirit, and they that worship i Him must worship Hitn in spirit and in truth. ' 