THE OXFORD CONVOCATION. - MR. WARD'S CASE. [Abrigded from the TIIEMs.] On Thursday morning, February 13, the members of the University poured into Ox ford. A great proportion were men distin guished in public life. There were 1,300 members of the University present; about 1,100 voted. The Vice- Chancellor opened the pro ceedings by stating the object for which the Convocation was held, and Dr. Bliss read the passages of Mr. VWard's book, upon which the first proposition to be submitted to Convocation depended. P. 45 (note).-" I know no single movement in the Church, except Arianism in the 4th cen tury, which seems to me so wholly destitute of all claims on our sympathy and regard as the English reformation." P. 473.-" For my own part I think it would not be right to conceal, indeed I am anxious openly to express, my own most firm and un douting conviction, that were we, as a Church, to pursue such a line of conduct as has been here sketched, in proportion as we did so, we should be taught from above to discern and appreciate the plain marks of Divine wisdom and authority in the Roman Church, to repent in sorrow and bitterness of heart our great sin in deserting her communion, and to sue humbly at her feet for pardon and restoration." P. 68.-" That the phrase 'teaching of the Prayer-book' conveys a definite and important meaning, I do not deny; considering that it is mainly a selection from the Breviary, it is not surprising that the Prayer-book should, on the whole, breathe an uniform, most edifying,deeply orthodox spirit-a spirit which corresponds to one particular body of doctrine, and not to its con tradictory. Again, that the phrase ' te:ching of the Articles' conveys a definite meaning, I can not deny ; for (excepting the five first, which belong to the old theology) they also breathean uniform intelligible spirit. But then these re spective spirits are not different merely, but ab solutely contradictory: as well could a student in the heathen schools have imbibed at once the Stoic and the Epicurean philosophies, as could a humble member of our Church at the present time learn his creed both from Prayer-book and Articles. This I set out at length in two pam phlets with an appendix, which I published three years ago; and it cannot therefore be necessary to go again over the same ground, though some thing must be added, occasionally in notes, and more methodically in a future chapter. The man ner in which tile dry wording of the Articles can be divorced from their natural spirit, and accepted by an orthodox believer; how their prima facie meaning is evaded, and the artifice of their in ventors thrown back in recoil on themselves ; this, and the arguments which prove the honesty of this, have now been for some time before the public." P. 100 (note).-" In my pamphlets three years since, I distinctly charged the Reformers with fully tolerating the absence from the Articles of any real anti-Roman determination, so only they were allowed to preserve anapparent one-a charge, which I here beg as distinctly to repeat." P. 470.-" Our 12th Article is as plain as words can make it, on the ' evangelical' side (observe, in particular, the word ' necessarily'); of course I think its natural meaning may be explained away, for I subscribe it myself in a non-natural sense. P. 505.-" We find, oh most joyful, most won derful, most unexpected sight I we find the whole cycle of Roman doctrine gradually possessing numbers of Enlish Clhurclmn. P. 567.-" 'three years have passed since I said plainly, that in subscribing the Articles,Irenounce no one Roman doctrine." Mr. Ward then rose, and spoke as follows: -Mr. Vice-Chancellor,-I am bound at once to state, that I shall conclude what I have to say by delivering in to you a formal protest against the legality of this whole proposal. The issue before you has no more to do with the question whether the doc trine in my book be true or false, than with the question whether my style of writing be good or bad, or whether my exposition be dull or interesting. The declaration is, that I have violated the engagement on which my degrees were conferred ; and the enactment, that I be deprived of those de grees. You see at once that no theological determination is so much as hinted at: my opinions are complained of, not as being false, or dangerous, or undutiful, or rash, but as being inconsistent with my good faith. One issue in regard to them, and one only, is placed before you--their consistency with certain formularies which I subscribed when I received my degrees, and my good faith in respect of those subscriptions. I subscribed certain formulariesin whatI have called a non-natural sense. Granted. But isit the intention of the Church of England that they necessarily be subscribed in a natural sense? If it be, then it is the inten tion of the Church of England that there shall be no subscribers to them at all. I argue thus-the imponens of suhcription cannot be an abstraction or a historical per sonage--it must be some existing, living person or body. The said imponens, who ever he is, wishes some considerable number of persons to subscribe our formularies; but if he wished them all to be subscribed in a natural sense, no considerable number of persons, nor any person at all, could sign them; therefore he does not wish them all to be subscribed in a natural sense. I be lieve that there is no single party in our church, holding its place there by however long and undisputed prescription, who does not do greater violence to one or other part of our formularies than I do to that comparatively small portion of our formu laries which appear on their surface to con demn Roman doctrine. Every one here present subscribes a considerable part of our formularies in a non-natural sense, and the opinions which distinguish such as myself from the great body of English Churchmen do not necessitate so violent a distortion of the letter of our formularies as do the ordi nary high church opinions. Evangelical opinions, we all know. whether it be a mat ter of praise or blame, there is no one more general characteristic of English Church men than that an imputation on the existing system is the one allegation for which it is most difficult to obtain a fair hearing. Per sons who have for half their lives held a certain doctrine and also subscribed a cer tain formulary, unless they have an unusual power of abstraction, will hardly ever see any inconsistency between the doctrine and the formulary. So, to take the strongest case that could possibly be brought, it might have been thought quite impossible that any one should read our baptismal service, and doubt that, according to the obvious and primd facie doctrine of that service, bap tism conveys to infants a real inward gift. Before baptism,-" Thou who didst sanctify water to the mystical washing away of sin, look upon this child, wash him, and sanc tifv him with the Holy Ghost." After, " We yield Thee hearty thanks that it hath pleased Thee to regenerate this infant with Thy Holy Spirit." And yet there have been multitudes of religious and upright men, as we all know, who have been quite unable to see it-some, perhaps, here pre sent, full of indignation at my bad faith in subscribing formularies in a non-natural sense. "And lastly, for the sake of the Church of England, for the sake of that church of which we are joint members, I beseech you to pause before you affirm the proposition before you; it may posssibly have an effect far greater than you imagine in accelerating a crisis that may end in the premature dissolution of the present fabric of the English Church. I ask you to let our present frame-work remain, as far as in you lies, that under its protection numbers of humble and dutiful souls, who are quite unable to choose for themselves a side, and shrink appalled from the strife of words now raging among us, may gradually de velope into that which they cannot suddenly become - deeply-rooted believers in the whole truth. Nothing, indeed, is more probable than that the ftabric of the English Church may fall to pieces if you begin taking outa single stone; but a fabric, large in extent, and yet homogeneous, in its coin position it will not be one, or anything in the least like it, merely because you succeed in dislodging one among its innumerable discordant materials; and I do implore you then to consider well what you do when you take this first step, which may lead to so disastrous an issue. Let your decision, at least, be the result, not of party and excited feeling, but of calm, and solemn delibera tion. The Vice-Chancellor put the question, when there was a roar and counter-roar of " Placels" and " Non-placets." A scrutihy was then ordered. The numbers turned out afterward to be-for the proposition, 777; against it, 580. It was therefore de clared against Mr. Ward. The Vice-Chancellor announced the re sult, saying, " alnjorl parti placet." The Vice-Chancellor then proposed the second proposition--that for the degrade tion of Mr. Ward. The numbers turned out to be,-Placets, GOD ; Non-placets, 511. The Vice-Chancellor then proposed the third proposition, for the condemnation of Tract 90. The Senior Proctor rose and said,-" No bis Procuratoribus non placet," Upon which there was a storm of counter cheering and hissing for some minutes. The proceedings then terminated. It is understood, that Mr. Ward's appli cation to the Court of Queen's Bench for a mandamus to the University, to restore his degrees, will be made immediately after the commencement of Easter Term. Among the Non-placets were, Mr. Glad stone, M.P.; Drs. Hlook, Manning, Grant, and Pusey; Messrs. Pusey, Goldsmid, Baddeley, I-lope, H. Wilberforce; the Rev. Ernest Hawkins, secretary of the Society thr Propagating the Gospel; the Rector of Exeter College; Dr. Moberly, of Winchester, &c.;, &c.; The following address to the Proctors is in circulation, and has been signed by nearly 300 nuanes, among which are Mr. Glad stone's, Judge Coleridge's, Dr. Hook's, Archdeacon Manning's, Sir WV. Heath cote's, &c.;: - " TO TIHE REVEREND TiHE PROCTORS. " We, the undersigned members of Convocalion, understanding that you have resolved to put your negative upon the proposal relating to the Nine tieth Tract, in Convocation, on Thursday, the 13th instant, beg leave to tender to you our cordial thanks for a determination which we consider to have been demanded by the principles of our aca demical constitution." 