The Earth-stopper. TCONTINTTED ÏIROM Oüß LAST.] j Por some moments Harry stood, will a palpitating heart, and .wavering resti lotion. Inclination led him to turn up on his heel and to retrace his footsteps ; hut duly to Iii« master urged him for wards despite of his natural fears. I've done no harm to any body, wa: the Earth-stopper's silent and secre consolation to himself, and he that hat ^doneno hann neeflp'f ?*nwît any. Tl «close the earths-if the dev Ha, ha, faa 1 Harry's sentence was brought abrupt .ly to a close. Again the laugh rang loudly from Ute gorse and echoed from hill to hill, as if a hundred tongues res ponded to the hollow empty voice from ¿the accursed thicket. The Earth stopper's tongue became -«s parched and dry as if a raging fevei bad been sapping hts blood for many a iong and weary day, and his teeth chat tered, and his stalwarth limbs bent and ?shook like some puny child's. It's more than I can make out, he .muttered. Just, too, from the very place where they say it was done. 'Tis very strange, continued he, communing with himself; I never, till now, believed their talk ; but there's no doubting one's own ears. -, There was« sudden lull in the gale. In a moment the rough, burly wind was stilled, and not «yen the rustle of a cough or twig broke the brief, but per fect reign of silence. During this, the Earth-stopper strained his ears to catch any sound that might either confirm or dispel his terror ; but nothing but the beating and throbbing of his own heart led him to believe that there was any cause for fear. Now there was a humming roar» and the trees bent and the giant limbs of the sturdy old oaks yielded to the breath of the storm like green rushes to the breeze. On, on'he went, the brave bold storm I breasting and facing all things . in his course. At one fell swoops-crash, and down topples a towering elm with as much ease as if it had been a dried and hollow reed. Ha, ha, on, on he went, the brave, bold storm ! Now he strips the moss-grown thatch from the cottager's roof, and scatters it wide and far, and roars with glee as he hurries on, for ruin to others is fun to him. Ha, ha ! on, on he went, the brave, bold storm! The high and the low, the ce der top and the smallest thing rearing itself above the level of the earth, are ali the same to him. One and ail feel his lusty blow, and he deals alike with each. Ha, ha ! on, on he went, the brave, bold storm I But there is nothing now but »now crested billows to wage fathoms and fathoms deep. 'A. ship : may'JHeayen deal mercifully willi it i But !tis doomed, and man may aol j question why ! Ono savage wreath I with the gallant bark--a shriek, a loud, long piercing shriek, and then not i vestige remains of that which seemed " to walk the waters like a thing of life.* Ha, ha! on» on he went, the brave, bold storm I After a long silent pause, and thc wind had greatly abated, the Earth» stopper summoned sufficient resolution to wend his way slowly and cautiously towards the dreaded spot. It must bc confessed that he did this with a strange ly fluttering puhe, and yet his purpose was fixed now, and if the dreaded laugh had been rattled close to h is ear, still he would have gained the bent of his jour ney. It is somewhere here, said he aloud, : taking a look with his lantern, and peer ing about the roots of a stunted pollard overhanging a small but deep gravel pit. Ah ! continued he, seeing the anticipated earth-here it is. Desirous of quickly accomplishing his work, the Earth-stopper's pickaxe and ¡spade soon clicked among the pebbles, 'and he began to make good progress towards effectually closing sly reynard's retreat, when the solitary and duli light of his lantern became suddenly extin guished. As if a bullet had crashed through his heart, Harry leaped high from the ground, and fell sprawling into a neigh bouring clump of furze. Who's there ? he stammered,-who's there* and his brain swam with fright as he felt hot breath steaming into his face, so close, so very close, that the Upsall but touched his. Keep off, cried he in a husky voice,-keep off, and his senses reeled to hear something dancing round and about him, as if in fiendish glee at his terror, and ever and anon to stop and puffinto his jaws the same glowing,fiery breath. Driven to desperation by these repeat- ' ed attacks, the Earth-s'opper at length with reckless fury .sprung from the earth, and made a sweeping blow with his «rusty Bpdüc av ma Beeret, ano, as he religiously believed, unearthly enemy. If the spade struck the object, however, against whom it was directed, by well* girt thews, and sinews, it passed through pt with no more impediment than if con structed of thin transparent air. Again, and again, the weapon whirled round and about him, but there was nothing to j vent its force upon save the wind which it cleaved. After many vigorous efforts ' to reach his dread persecutor, the j Earth-stopper ended the useless assault, and listened for his " whereabout" with increasing terror. Within a few fest he ; heard the furze rustle and crack in his rear, and upon turning quickly to this quarter the sound came from exactly an opposite direction. In short, let him alter his position as quickly as he might, the terrifying proof ot the close proximity of the cause of his fright was ever at his heels. Heaven have mercy on me I exclaim ed the almost demented Earth-stopper I feel a gone kitten ! Who or what are ye ? he hallooed in a voice which sound ed more like the piping of some old peevish woman than the deep-toned one of Harry Ramon. And what do ye want with me ? To this, however, there was no reply, and for a short time the noise ceased. But no sooner did the unhappy Earth stopper move a single footstep than the creature, or thing, of air or of earth, or of regions under the earth, danced and flitted round and about him with re doubled energy. He could bear this no longer. Terror winged his heels, and away he rushed through the furze with the speed of light. Not five paces had been gained when a sturdy old bush refused to yield to his course, and it hurled him back with a force that sent him staggering to the ground. Then again his pursuer skipped close to his face and sent his hot-and as it smelt to Harry-brimstone breath into his cheeks with triumphant delight. In a moment the Earth-stopper was upon his feet again, and on he swept with a speed never surpassed by the swiftest of foot. Desperation spurred him on, and like a meteor he streaked away o'er heath and moor, hill and yale towards JÄ^neli?*5*^ 'J »? * *Vv* -".?ci* j fitful gusts it went and caine, .ana ïfae clouds scudded past in brokeg^masses, permitting -the stars to glimmer ceca ! sionally between them, and throw ap uncertain light upon the earth. But the sleet fell thicker, and although ' Harry turned «fais head, from time tp time, to get a glance at theibrm of his pursuer, he was unable, from .the drift . ing snow and the short glimpses pf & tar light, to learn ip what shape the fiend, or sprite, or ghost, or fay, was thus driving him along. CTo be continued J '._:_i_ 