NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR. (From our various Correspondents.) THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. MANEROO, FEBRUARY 18.—After a long jour- ney from Bathurst, visiting Burrowa, Yass, Gunning, Goulburn, Gundaroo, and Quean- beyan, the Lord Bishop of Australia crossed the boundary of the county of Murray, at Micalego, on Friday, the 14th instant, on his way to visit the great pastoral district of Maneroo, and arrived at Mr. Kirwan's Inn, Coomer Creek, seventy miles from Quean- beyan, on Friday evening, having been met and welcomed to the district by Mr. Lambie, Commissioner of Crown Lands, and R. Wren, Esq., at Reid's Flats. On Saturday, His Lordship, accompanied by Mr. Lambie and Mr. M'Cabe, the District Surveyor ; and the clergyman of the district, the Rev. Edward G. Pryce ; proceeded to make choice of a spot on which to erect a district church and parsonage. The selection was made on a rising ground in a beautiful valley, two miles from the Commis- sioner's residence. On Sunday Divine service was celebrated in the morning at Mr. Lambie's, when the Bishop preached to a numerous con- gregation assembled from great distances. For the afternoon service his lordship went a distance of twenty miles, to Jejedzerick, the station of Richard Brooks, Esq., where he had again the satisfaction of preaching to a large and attentive congregation. Yesterday, the people from all parts of the district assembled at Coomer to be present at the solemn and deeply interesting ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the proposed Church, the first which has been projected, we believe, in the colony, beyond the boundaries of location. On arriving at the ground chosen for the site of the Church, the ceremony com- menced by the clergyman of the district re- peating with the congregation the 132nd Psalm, according to the usual form. On laying the stone (a large block of granite), the the Bishop said, "I lay this as the foundation and corner-stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named Christ Church, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic Faith, which we believe and confess in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." After the usual prayers the Bishop delivered an address to the people, which seemed to make a deep im- pression on many of those present. The shortness of the notice which had been given of the Bishop's visit, prevented many of the more distant settlers being present. Many of them being at such a distance that no notice at all could be sent to them. As it was, how- ever, we suppose that never before was there such a numerous body of people assembled to- gether in Maneroo—all of whom appeared to be deeply impressed by the sacred ceremony, and the solemn and earnest address of the Bishop at its conclusion. Tnose who enjoy the unspeakable blessing of having the solemn ordinances of religion regularly administered to them, and those who duly appreciate that blessing, will be able to enter into the feelings of joy and deep thank- fulness of those who, having been for years shut out from the means of grace, and yet knowing the value and importance of them, have, on this occasion, seen the prospect of better things opening to them and to their children, in the laying of the foundation-stone of that building, where the Most High may be sought in his redeeming mercy, and where a people may be born to praise him through eternity. After the ceremony was over, the Bishop re- turned to Coomer Inn, when a deputation of gentlemen waited on His Lordship, with an address from the inhabitants of the district (a copy of which, with the Bishop's reply, fol- lows) ; and which was presented by Richard Brooks, Esq., the first settler in the district. To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Australia, May it please your Lordship,—We should deem our selves wanting in that due respect which your high station and character command, did we not avail our- selves of the opportunity which your Lordship's coming among us allords to address your Lordship, and to express our deep sense of your kindness in braving the fatigue and inconvenience of so long a journey to visit this remote portion of your diocese, and we do so with great satisfaction. The high estimation we entertain of your character both public and private, and the obligations, we with the whole colony lie under to your Lordship for your constant and unwearied exertions, to promote our best interests, demand this expression of our sentiments. In consideration of the spiritual destitution of this large district, and at our urgent request, your Lordship appointed a clergyman to exercise his sacred office among us ;—for this we sincerely thank you, and shall feel ourselves bound to contribute to the best of our ability towards his support ; being sensible of the high importance of the ordinances of religion, we acknow- ledge it to be our duty to contribute towards its main- tenance. We hail with joy your Lordship's presence among us, and we are grateful for the readiness with which your Lordship has undertaken to assist us in providing a church for the district, where the solemn ordinances of our holy religion may be more regularly and decently celebrated. We trust we shall be able to bring this work to a pros- perous completion, and that at no distant period we shall have the pleasure of again welcoming your Lordship, when you come to consecrate to the solemn service of the Almighty the building, the foundation stone of which you have this day laid. We regret that the shortness of your Lordship's visit has prevented many of the more distant settlers being present to meet you on this occasion, and to join with us in this Address. Wishing your Lordship a prosperous journey home- wards, and praying that your life and health may be for many years preserved. We have the honour to be, With the highest respect, Your Lordship's Most obedient and humble servants. [Here follow the signatures.] THE BISHOP'S REPLY. Gentlemen,—Without having recourse to the language of mere profession, and employing only the words of sincerity and truth, I can assure you that my feelings on this occasion are such as becomes the importance of it ; and the respect which is due to the numerous body of residents within this portion of my diocese, by whom the address which you have presented to me has been signed. I receive it with satisfaction, because it is obvious that the providence of unanimity and cordial good feeling between myself and those among whom it is my ap- pointed province to labour, affords the earnest pledge that those labours will not be ineffectual. You have alluded to my having stationed a clergyman among you ; and it is most truly gratifying to me to find from universal consent that the selection which I was enabled to make of your present worthy minister has proved so satisfactory,—may the Giver of all Good be pleased to grant that the effects of his untiring diligence in the discharge of his duties may be made visible in the increased prevalence of religious impressions, and moral habits of life, among all classes of the residents in this district. The efficacy of the ministerial office will, through the blessing of God, be still further promoted, when it can be exercised with decency and order within that sanc- tuary of which we have this day solemnly laid the foun- dation. It is indeed a memorable occasion when a com- mencement has been made of the first place of Christian worship within the limits of your district. Of your zeal in contributing each according to his ability towards its completion, I entertain no doubt. Within a reasonable interval, I shall trust to see this sacred edifice duly pre- pared for the celebration of public worship within its walls, and it will then be my highest satisfaction, if my life be spared, to meet you at the consecration of it to Him whose name it bears. Gentlemen, though this be among the longest occupied of our pastoral districts, yet this is, as you are aware, the first occasion of my visiting it. This circum- stance, however, I feel assured, you will not attribute to indifference or inattention, but to the true cause, which is, the multiplicity of claims upon the time and attention of one who has the charge of a Diocese, which, in extent, surpasses many times the whole United King- dom. Everything, however, has combined to render this, my first occasion of personal intercourse with you, satisfactory and gratifying to my feelings. Neither can I forget, that in another point of view, the district of Maneroo has a peculiar claim upon my consideration ; inasmuch, as at the time of its proposed separation from the older or central district of the colony, it occurred to me in my capacity of a member of the former Legisla- ture, to contribute to the continuance of a connexion which has proved, I trust, equally profitable and agree- able to both portions of this great territory. With unfeigned anxiety for your general welfare and prosperity, and my best thanks for the kind and cordial reception which you have given me, I remain, Gentlemen, Your very faithful friend, And obedient servant, W. G. AUSTRALIA. 