PERSEVERANCE.-A viaer having offended, his master, was condemned to perpetual : captivity in a lofty tower. At night his wife came to weep below his window. Cease your " grief," said the sago, "go home for the present, and return hither when you have procured a live black beetle, together with a little ghee (or buffalo's butter), three clews, one of the finest silk, another of stout pack-thread, and another of whip-cord j finally a stout coil of rope." When she again come to the foot of thc tower, pro- - vided according to-her. husband's commands;lie directed' her to touch the head of the insécr.with>R ' little of the ghee, to tie one bnd of thc silk thread, around him, and to place the 1 reptile on the wall of . ? ? the tower. Seduced by tho smell of the butter > which he conceived to be in store somewhere above him, the beetle continued to ascend till he reached, the top,' and thus put tho vizer in possession of thé roll of silk thread. Ile then drew up the pack thread by means of the silk; the small cord by means of the pack-tltread and by means of tho . whip-cord, a stont rope .capable of sustaining his own weight; and tims he'escaped from the tower. - LOUD WELLINGTON IX A BASKET.-Lord Wel- lington had entered Salamanca with Sir Howland ' Hill and our division ; but when he found the right of the anny well on, and everything satisfactory, he started for the left, to superintend its operations and hasten its movements. In this rapid journey ho. crossed the Douro nuder far inore dangerous circumstances than those of the rope bridge at Alcantara, where I had the honour to meet him; for at Miranda lie ventured into » small" basket, ' ' hung on n rope, stretched from onie high rock to ; another, across on the boiling strqam, and thus, in this giddy seat, 3Ö0 feet above tfiè water, did this fearless man traverse a river, which has derived the main part of its modern celebrity from his great deeds upon its banks.-Events of a Military Life. Apiionisiis AND HEFLECTIONS.-Ill-temper puta . as many briefs into the lawyerí«--ba^--as injustice.. A man of sense may be in haste, but never can be in a hurry. Time is precious," life is short, and consequently nb't a single moment should be thrown ' away. As shoes that havo iiail points projecting upwards through tho heel, sd is a peevish wife: Honesty does that from a sense of .duty .which honour docs for reputation's sake. Wiso sayings often fall on barren ground j' but a kind word is nover thrown away.' Idleness is tile Dead Sea,' which swallows all virtue,' and the self-made sepul- chre of a living mani History tells us of illustrious villains, but there cannot bo an illustrious miser. Worldly hnppincss is said to be the gay to-morrow of tlio mind that never comes. A false friend ia like a shadow ou a dial-plate, which appears in fino weather, but vanishes at tho approach of u cloud. A steady nssuraucc is too- often styled iuipudeuce. Bowe observes-going iuto the company of greut men, is like going into the other world-you ought to stay until you are called: He that cannot forgive others breaks the bridge over which he must pasa himself, for every man hath need td bé forgiven.' Man, though born with faculties to search through the depth of time, and powers to flourish thc ages of eternity',' seldom look's beyond the' present hour. ." The Portland Transcript," in publishing a littlo, poem/ prefaces it with these words :-We hnve read Some little poetry in our day, and have been variously._. affected by it, but our feelings were never so wrought upon ds. in reading the following lines." We. give. thc first verse of a poem which wrought upon out contemporary's " feelings" in so' unprecedented o' manner: "When tho cold storm'howls rouud your.door,' And you, by light of tapor, .. . L ' .1 t Sit cozily by evening fire," . ; . , ':.:.Vi ..-.'i Enjoying the last paper- .' ' . . , ".' j Just think of him whose work thus help's To wear away tho winter^ - And put this query to yourself- . ,' ? Have I paid up tho Printer ? It certainly is very touching. May it touch thc hearts of all long-winded subscribers ! " Ii El! EC OA AN» HEit' DAUGHTEHS."-In' answer1, ' . to a correspondent,' who requests to bo iufortned of'.? the origin .of tho above title,-'we'beg to state that the i term was .taken from the OOtli'verse'of the'24til '?" - chapter of Genesis,' which, having refereucè to"-' gates and their destruction,'was adopted as-the" ? watchword of the first adventurous attackers of toU-v - gates. The verse is asfollows:-" And thoy blessed '? Rebecca, and said unto her, thou~shalt be the. 'mother of hundreds of millions, and thy children. " j shall possess tho gates of them which nate them.". ";" ' -Wolshman. _ . ?? -' ? y - WHISKERS.-Of .oil, things avoid V vulgar '. whisker. .This is of various kinds. A short "scrubby, indomitable red Whisker, is a vulgar whisker; a weaki fuzzy, white, moth-eaten, mouldy whisker is a vulgar whisker,; a twisting, twining/. . serpentine, . sentimental, cork-screw of, a whisker; . is a vulgar whisker) a big, black, bluff, brutal looking whisker ia a vulgar whisker | a mathomati- ,;:_. col,' mcthodistical, master-of-artsical diagram of o whisker i's a vulgar . whisker. Whatever is not any.. . . of these will do.-Dublin University Magazine. .' . BETTEHTON'S HAAÍLET IN THBIGHOST SCENE.--, .-.-" When Bettertoii performed Hamlet, although his countenance was ruddy and sanguine, he instantly - turned as whilo 'as-his"'neckcloth,; throügh¡: the .. . violent and Budden'1 emotion: of ? amazement: . anil, horror'dt> th*e presence 'of his father's ghost,-.while : '.. his whole'body seemed ' lo 'be ,affected by a strong v. tremor;¡bad'Iiis father's-'apparition actually risen : "before him he could not have been seized yith moro! " ; real agonies! "This-strvick" tlie'sßebtators'so'forcibiy ; : that tliêyr felt'-'o'shuddering in :'mèir-Veiris,''antl'. participated in-'thV^asto^shment' arid -horror so/ 1 ' .apparent inj thd-'nefor." - Davics( in "his "-Dramatic)' - MisceUanies/'^ recpîàs1 tliis' fact, - :an'd'>in: that; "^ichard'soniäna^i^^äd 'that thc'first Üm'e'Booth- .-: attempted Ofe'lsÉtóí^fel^lBettifWn'tótetl Hamlet/ .. tho actor's lobK'aíii^B^ífék him -with such'horror ." that he became'áo"'àîiÄ^'tíbrted . as' tovbe imu"ble to':. speak his jju&r; *K¿rJí:i;í: 1 H^*-!-?^.^*-'* f'?--:- ' "What hann is thor* bi> çJpa »f- 'a«js;'-jrpliijr::i';':' Puffweli. '." None' "ttiat': I'-kribw 'ôf," 'replied''bia 'companion/1 " except . fhät "sinölüng'1fc Inducer ~¡? -" drinking, drinking lndtt«^'^tí^tíiSÚon»'ffit&&Í-*---''^ üon. induces, bfle,; bile' ^¿M8^k&idle;>,^ jtnul? dice leads tb dropsy, 'arid ^ropsy^^rminatia Ut death. Put that il»'your pips and smoke it/' ,'-.. ?. 