LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28. The attendance of visitors this day was very numerous, comprising the most respectable, of oufrifcljens? several Government officers, and Magistrates ; all the members were present except Mr. O'Connor. The Minutes of the last meeting having been read, The Chief Justice presented a petition from the Bishop of Tasmania against the proposed reduction in the salaries of the Clergy of the Church of England, and against the disallow- ance of the forage, urging that the reductions would fall more heavily upon that class than any other, and affirming, that if carried into effect, it would greatly impair the efficiency of the Clergy, and cramp their energies ; the Petitioner emphatically protested against such a course, ?' while crime was allowed to weigh more heavily than poverty upon this unhappy land. His Honor also presented a similar petition from Messrs. Garrard, Burrows, and Freeman ; both petitions were received. Mr. Dry moved, pursuant to notice, for the production of a balance-sheet, showing the amount owing by the colony on the 31st Dec. 1844, for convict purposes. The Colonial Secretary enquired, whether the debt owing by the Land Fund was to be included, as a considerable amount was due to the British Government from that source? Mr. Dry replied, that such was his intention ; his object was to obtain a clear statement of the monetary affairs of the colony ; it was the duty of the Government not only to avoid any increase of the debt already contracted, but adopt every means to prevent such increase ; the Land Fund was already in debt, while a certain amount of expenditure was still charged upon it. The hon. member should therefore move for a committee of five members to enquireintothe amount of convict expenditure in each department of the Government. When he (Mr. Dry) brought the subject before the Council on a former occasion, he was surprised at its rejection, as he wished to be in a position to show the Secretary for the Colonies the actual state of our colonial expenditure j the hon. member positively maintained, that the colony was both politically and morally destroyed by the convict system in this opinion many intelligent and right-minded men fully concurred, and also that the convict system had driven free labour from the colony, after the expenditure of upwards of £200,000 in its introduction. And what had been substituted for it? A host of petty larceny men, London pickpockets, and Birmingham button makers, who after being familiarized with every crime, were bent into the service of the colonists I Was there then any benefit conferred on the public by the probation system ? Was it right or fair to render this colony the receptacle of all the crime and filth of the whole world ? Comparing this colony with South Australia, the difference was very great, for in that colony of free people £28,000 were found sufficient for all the purposes of the Government, This, however, was not all here, a vast proportion of the expenditure went to support a Government appointed for purposes purely British. The hon. member disclaimed any intention of offending any person, but he wished to be put in a position to reform this evil and alluding to the absence of Mr. O'Connor, he observed, that it was true that hon. member on the last occasion, protested against the Police expenditure, but voted for it, as he was unwilling to embarrass the Government 1 (A laugh.) True, Mr. O'Connor came from the Emerald Isle, which might account for this inconsistency ; he (Mr. Dry) also had Irish blood in his veins ; Mr. O'Connor says, let us continue in debt ; but he (Mr. Dry) says, let us get out of debt, and throw off this oppressive encumbrance. Mr. Kermode seconded the motion. The Colonial Secretary rose to oppose the motion, which he considered would lead to no practical 'good, but, on the contrary, to the embarrassment of the Government. The management of this Government was so interwoven with the great and important object which the British Government had in view, that every department was, in some measure, occupied with matters relating to the convicts (Hear, from Captain Forster.) Until the Colony was relieved of its penal character, the present system must continue, and, when thus relieved, a large expenditure would be saved ; but it was impossible to carry out the motion, as the exact amount could not be ascertained, so mixed up was the convict expenditure with every department in the Colony ; if a Committee sat till doomsday, it could not arrive at any definite conclusion." Whether the Colony ought to pay this expenditure, was another question, and both His Excellency and the hon. member himself had represented the matter to Lord Stanley ; but so long as they were governed as they were, they must carry on as they were bound to do. He (the Colonial Secretary) did not oppose the motion from any personal feeling, but from its impracticability to do any good. The hon, member, Mr. Dry, had fairly stated, that his object was to have the matter laid before Lord Stanley, and, no doubt, His Excellency would be most happy to forward such a statement ; but, from the manner in which the hon. members on the other side were acting at present, instead of tendering advice to His Excellency, they presented nothing but obstacles, impediments, and procrastination, thus embarrassing the Government, and throw- ing it into disorder. There was one point, however, beyond which horn members could not advance : the great object of the Government was the protection of life and property and if hon. members should throw obstacles in the way of this protection, they would find that they had carried their point too far ; he (the Colonial Secretary), under all the circumstances of the case, felt bound to oppose the motion. Mr. Fenton supported the motion : he contended, that the British Government had done nothing to assist the" Colony, referring to the duty on corn, and the disallowance of the Brew- 1 ing from Barley Act : he hoped the Council I would support Mr. Dry in the noble and a righteous cause he had advocated. The Colonial Secretary had stated, that a large portion of his time and of His Excellency, and, in fact, of every member of his Government, was employed for convict purposes and were the colonists to put up with this for the benefit of Downing-street? In 1843, in order not to embarrass the Government, the Estimates for the Police and Gaols were passed without a dissentient voice protests, however, being entered against them on that occasion, strong grounds were admitted by His Excellency, and the whole community, for some concession A coin Lord Stanley ; but up to this, the third session, not one single word had been received from my I Lord Stanley. The hon. member here referred ton despatch from Lord Stanley to Sir Geo. Gipps in reply to one, stating that the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales refused to vote for the police expences in which Lord Stanley said, that if the Estimates were not voted, tile convicts should be let loose upon the colonists 1 What hopes, then, had they from Lord Stanley? The Colonial Secretary had asked in what manner a Committee could effect its object? Surely, some good might be done, by collecting the statements of the Colonial Secretary, the Chief Justice, the Comptroller General, the Auditor-General, and others, and such would he of some avail : the hon. member concluded by disclaiming any wish or intention to embarrass the Government. Mr. Gregson rose to record his sentiments upon this question, in consequence of certain observations which had been made by the Colonial Secretary, and which he (Mr. Gregson) , considered out of order, and perfectly uncalled for these observations, he had no hesitation in saying, were addressed personally to himself, charging him with embarrassing the Government. The Colonial Secretary disclaimed any such purpose. Mr. Gregson resumed With embarrassing the Government, by creating impediments by means of adjournments. What were the facts? The adjournments were carried, with scarcely a dissentient voice ; and it would now be his painful duty to move another adjournment; the hon. member expressed himself satisfied with the disclaimer of the Colonial Secretary, and would not trespass long upon their time, as indeed it was needless, after the able manner in which Mr. Dry had spoken. He (Mr. Greg- son) contended that the colony ought not to pay the convict expenditure : it had been shown that there was no department of the Government that was not more or less burthened with this expenditure ; he contended that the colony had a claim upon the British Government for this expenditure, the continuance of which rendered necessary the reduction of several departments. They were now fighting for their homes, and for their religion, and why ? Because we have to support this monsters police. The hon. member then referred to a speech of Sir It. Inglis, in the house of Commons, in support of a claim made by New South Wales of £400,000 for convict expenditure. 3' The question," said Sir R. Inglis, " was not whether they were to give a bonus to New South Wales, but whether its claim was not a moral and an equitable claim ; New South Wales ought not, either in reason or justice, to be taxed for the felons of England." Mr. Gregson then maintained that Mr. Dry's motion ought not to be negatived ; its object was not to embarrass the Government, but to convey information to the Secretary of State, as to the condition of the colony. The Attorney-General enquired whether the hon. member intended to move another adjourn- ment? Mr. Gregson replied, most undoubtedly. The Attorney-General said that another adjournment would cause the miwb-«aelotu.ein barrassment: they were now in October, and if the motion of Mr. Dry were granted, before the Committee could give in their report, the year would be at an end, and the Estimates could not be passed. Some approximation to the truth might perhaps be got, but it could not operate upon the Council as any evidence in passing the Estimates, although it might be useful to the Secretary of State. The Comptroller-General wished to make one or two observations in reply to the hon. member opposite (Mr. Dry). Instead of ad- ducing facts, the hon. member had brought forward mere assertions in reference to the probation system, and especially as regarded the idleness said to exist. He (the Comptroller General wished that the hon. member had brought forward substantive facts ; but asser- tions are not facts. When he (Capt. Forster) visited the different gangs, he found that a fair amount of work had been done, and that a general improvement prevailed and that very morning he had received a letter from Avoca, stating that more work had been done this year than during the last three years. The hon. member contended that the system worked well, and that he did not think the sense of the public at large was against the system. tion: members opposite acted perhaps for the best, but they were by no means the collective wisdom of the colony. He denied that the system was used solely for convict purposes, and expressed his desire for a searching inquiry. Mr, Dry briefly explained. He again urged the necessity of the inquiry for which he had moved, and maintained that he and the hon. members with whom he acted ought to be exonerated from the charge of vexatious opposition to the Government. He advocated the propriety of the former adjournments, but had no idea that any motion for adjournment would have arisen from his motion. The hon. member rebutted Captain Forster's remarks as to the absence of idleness in the gangs, which was a matter of extended notoriety. If any person could carry out a system in itself impracticable, Captain Forster was certainly that person ; but the idleness and uselessness of the gangs, as regarded any public duty, was what was so generally complained of. The Lieutenant-Governor thought there was a fallacy in the conduct of those who opposed the business of the Council. The question was not whether that was a representative assembly ; the members had been called together to conduct the Government as at present constituted. The members were appointed to aid, advise, and assist him, and by their oaths they were bound to do so. So long, therefore, as the colony retained its penal character, they must act accordingly. Admitting, however, for argu- ment's sake that the statements of the hon. members opposite were right, they were there (and his Excellency would give no opinion as to their coming there not to assist him, but to advocate popular opinions) he was bound to lay the Estimates before the Council, and they were equally bound to pass them. Let there be a representative assembly, but let it be the right thing. With all his Excellency's intention and anxious desire to improve the condition of the colony, he had been opposed in his measures ; yet here he was as the representative of her Majesty, bound to carry on the Government as he found it, and no power on earth should induce him to swerve from his duty to the Queen. His Excellency should, therefore, oppose the motion, and he hoped the good sense of the Council would support him. The motion was then put, and the votes being equal, the Lieutenant-Governor gave his casting vote against it. Mr. Gregson respectfully asked whether, after the question had been debated, it was usual for the President to address the Council, I and throw his weight into the scale after the mover had replied ? Was there any precedent for such a course ? The Lieutenant-Governor would refer to the Clerk of the Council. He had endeavoured to rise before Mr. Dry, but was forestalled. He asked the Clerk of the Council the question. The Clerk replied, as we understood, that he remembered one occasion ; but whether before or after the mover had replied, he could not say. The order of the day was then called on, to the Council went into committee upon the Estimates. Mr. Gregson then rose to move for an adjournment. After what had fallen from his Excellency as to the opposition of himself and those with whom he acted, he came with re- luctance to oppose his Excellency again. What I J was meant by the advice of the Council? If merely to acquiesce in the measures of his 1 Excellency, he (Mr. Gregson) was a very improper person to be a member of that Council. The hon. member referred to the charter of 1 Government, where he found that members were empowered to f make laws for the peace, i good order, and welfare of the colony." (Mr. Gregson then read the oath administered to the members, and continued.) If, then, he did not oppose laws adverse to the peace, good order, and welfare of the colony, would he not violate his oath The hon. member went on to argue that hon. members were not bound to do all that the Government or Lord Stanley required. They were not bound to obey his instructions in contravention of the charter, and in violation of their oaths. His Excellency would bear in ! mind that hon. members received no communi- i cation from Lord Stanley, nor from her Majesty. He (Mr. Gregson) and those with whom he acted had no disposition to be factious, but every wish and desire to support his Excellency, and to show the home Government that the people of this colony were a loyal and patriotic people, But were religion and all moral instruction to be stopped to support this monster Police The hon. member again referred to the clause in the charter providing for the voting of the members, and said that he should propose his resolution regardless of what might be said out of doors upon the subject, and should move that the Council should adjourn until all the members were present, or others who would attend were appointed in their places, so that every fact and circumstance should be sent home and the colony relieved of its grievances. The hon. member then moved a resolution to this effect, disclaiming any vexatious opposition on his p art, and expressing a fervent hope that his motion would be enrripd-no less for the interests of the colony, than of the Crown, of his Excellency, and of the People. Mr. Ker mode seconded the resolution. The Colonial Secretary, referring to the resolution, observed that its import was too extended for the consideration of that Council. The Lieutenant-Govenor had no power to insist upon the presence of hon. members, who might be sick. It was said that the question was of vital importance to the colony ; so also were the Estimates 5 for if the passing of them was postponed to a remote day, the Governor would be compelled to go without any. The Estimates had been on the table since July last, and they were now at the end of October, and not one single item had been passed. He (the Colonial Secretary) must say that the proposi- tion of the hon. member was so monstrous and unconstitutional as to be perfectly untenable. Adverting to the observations relative to the constitution of the Council, the Colonial Secretary said that hon. members did not come there to advise his Excellency, for not one particle of advice could be extracted from them, they were in such a constipated state. (A. laugh.) The Governor had laid the Estimates upon the table, and if hon. members opposite did not like them, .it-Mttg-ooropotOTWftn" itwmiu'inyuttaw a'orrthg table. His Excellency was most anxious to act for the best interests of the public good, and he as Colonial Secretary should vote for the Estimates. If these were not carried, where were those to replace them ? he had not seen the ghost of one yet! (A laugh.) One exception, however he must make in favour of the hon. member at the end of the table (Captain Swanston), who had sent in an Estimate proposing certain reductions, which (as we understood) were those chiefly adopted, lie (the Colonial Secretary) should therefore oppose the motion in toto. Mr. Fenton, with reference to what had fallen from the Colonial Secretary with respect to the paucity of advice tendered by hon. members, begged to remark that the Council had passed an unanimous vote against the Police and Gaol expenditure, and had advised his Excellency to draw upon the British Treasury for the amount due to the colony. This surely was good advice. Could hon. members advise his Excellency to support British interests by the sacrifice of the colonial welfare? In justice to his Excellency, it was most desirable that the hon. member who was absent (Mr. O'Connor) should be present, as it would relieve his Excellency from the painful necessity of giving two votes. On this ground, he hoped his Excellency would pause before he proceeded further in the matter. The Lieutenant-Governor said, with respect to his second vote, he had given it to accelerate the necessary business of the Govermnent, and should adopt the same course for the same purpose. As to the advice of which 50 much had been said, his Excellency estimated that at its full value. There was an old saying, " Tlineo Danaos dona ferentes and perhaps the hon. member would recollect that he, on a former occasion, advised his Excellency to put a tax upon colonial wool. Mr. Fenton-No, but upon imported produce from other colonies. The Lieutenant-Governor beg the hon. member's pardon ; it was Mr. Gregson. Mr. Dry again pressed the adjournment, as, if measures were carried by the Governors casting vote, hon. members might as well walk up Macquarie-street, for it was perfectly useless moving resolutions or making speeches. The members of that side of the table were not required, as no act of theirs was successful. He (Mr. Dry) firmly believed that every member was anxious to support his Excellency's Government in a fair and legitimate manner, and again adverted to Mr. O'Connor's absence. The Lieutenant-Governor said Mr. O'Connor was ill, and his absence could not be avoided. Mr. Dry resumed. He had heard indeed that the hon. member had the gout ; but if he ( Vlr. Dry) had one of his legs cut off, he would come and vote upon such a question as that under discussion. His Excellency could not deny the justice of the proposed measure. All farming operations were destroyed, free labour was at an end, and it was useless to conceal the fact, the colony mined, and by the instructions of the Secretary of State. The colonial debt already exceeded £100,000; and if the present Estimates passed, there would be an addition to it of JM 000 more. If the Council did not pause in voting away money in this manner, and if the probation system was continued, the colony would not exist three years. Mr. Kermode made some remarks which were nearly inaudible to us. As far as we could gather, the hon member, in reference to the sickness of Mr. O'Connor, said that the last time he (Mr. Kermode) heard of him, he was washing his rams. (Much laughter.) The Chief Justice denied that it was necessary for all the members to be present to pass the Estimates. The charter provided a certain quorum, and that was all. If the motion was acceded to, the Council might be adjourned cid infinitum. Mr. Gregson briefly replied, and again re- J f. i red to the charter. As to the Police expen i diture, the free people required no Police, nor, I in fact, did they receive any assistance from it, the constables being employed in the capture of t tiniiways.andnot in looking after sheep-stealers. The hon. member explained what he had formerly said relative to a proposed tax upon wool. He said, that if tea and sugar were taxed, they would next have to impose a tax upon wool and upon shops. He had no objection to contribute to the support of a civil establishment, but he was strongly averse to contribute towards a convict one. Repudiating the charge of throwing obstacles in the way of Government, and contending that all the members should be present,. Mr. Gregson urged the passing of his motion. The resolution was now put to the vote, and the motion lost, Captain Swanston voting against it. The committee then resumed, and the Colonial Secretary moved the first Estimate, viz., "that the sum of £518 17s. 2d. be voted for the establishment of his Excellency the Lieu- tenant-Governor," when Mr. Gregson rose again to move an amendment, to the effect that every penny of the colonial revenue should be strictly applied to colonial purposes. This amendment was seconded by Mr. Fenton. A desultory conversation ensued, in which the topics already discussed, respecting the Police expenditure, &c;, and the sentiments expressed thereon were repeated, without novelty or additional interest. The amendment was lost by the casting vote of his Excellency. Mr. Dry now put some questions to the Colonial Secretary relative to certain items in the Estimates, and the matter, as we understood, was referred to the Auditor-General. Mr. Dry moved an adjournment till the explanation was furnished. This was seconded by Mr. Gregson, and lost. Messrs. Fenton, Dry, Gregson, and Kermode, now retired from the Council, and the Estimates were gone through seriatim, and passed. The Council then rose. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 29. As heretofore, all the members were present except Mr. O'Connor. Mr. Gregson presented a Petition from Messrs. John Jackson and J. E. and H. Addison, pray- ing that the proposed suspending clause, relating to the application of the Statute of James to this Colony, be abandoned, so that the law might be in force here. Petition received, and ordered to be printed. Upon the application of Mr. Gregson, the Petition from the Bishop of Tasmania, presented by the Chief Justice the previous day, was ordered to be printed. Mr. Gregson rose again to present a Petition from the Licensed Victuallers of Hobart Town (the same which was inserted in our last), pray- ing for an exemption against sending in certain Returns of Spirituous Liquors bought and sold. The Petition was read at the desire of His Excellency-it being otherwise inadmissible, as no bill to which it referred was on the table, when The Lieutenant Governor said, that be wished to make certain explanations upon this subject, and particularly with respect to an allegation which the Petitioners had put forth, the accuracy of which his Excellency did not admit. On a former occasion His Excellency did certainly, say something about an extension of the hours at present appointed for the business of the Petitioners; and, in order to ascertain how far any extension of those hours would benefit, or would not benefit, the public, he had submitted the question to the Police Magistrate, as Well as to the Chief Police Magistrate ; but, before he received any opinion from them. Mr. Morgan ca1leil"upon"hlm, nnîTsuggested, os the Chief Police Magistrate and the Attorney-General were much occupied, that he (Mr. Mor, gan) should prepare a short draft of a bill, to which His Excellency assented : it was his intention, if the Bill for an increase of licenses had been passed, to have made certain alterations in the hours of business ; but as that Bill had not been brought forward, he (the Lieu(tenant Governor) had not made that alteration. With respect to the Returns, now ordered to be made, that was no new law ; it was merely carrying out an old law and as it had been represented to His Excellency that a large quantity of illicit spirit was consumed, he did think it proper that the law should be enforced. If the Licensed Victuallers wished to petition against the repeal of that law, let them do so ; but while the law existed, it would be a dereliction of duty on the part of the Government not to enforce it. His Excellency then said, that the publicans should not be called upon to make out any returns for the last three months, but should have that time to make them out. His Excellency had made these observations, as it had been stated that he had made a promise, which he never had made. As to a re- laxation in the hours, he thought some alteration should be made, as the trade was now conducted much more respectably than when the former law was framed. Mr. Gregson was extremely happy to hear his Excellency express these opinions and the season being so considerably advanced, he consented to withdraw the petition. Mr. Dry gave notice of a motion for certain returns relative to the Police expenditure from 1835 to 1844, and the Judicial expenditure from 1837 to 1844, with the amount of the Land revenue during the same period. A conversation now ensued relative to the introduction of the *' Appropriation Act," the standing orders being suspended for that purpose, when a long and desultory conversation ensued, the opposition members contending that as the Estimates were not voted in a full Council, they were not voted at all. The hon. members went over the same grounds as before, and resisted the measure with much spirit and ability. We shall report the proceedings in our next, being precluded doing so to-day by want of room. We may add, however, that at last the second reading of the Appropriation' Act was carried, after Mr. Dry had moved that it be read a first time that day six months. 