"DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. On Monday evening, the 24th annual meeting of the Auxiliary Wesleyan Missionary Society for the New South Wales District, was held in the Centenary Chapel, York street. After a hymn and prayer, the honorable Alexander McLeay, M C was called to the chair. Mr. AI'LrvY said, that he had much pleasure in taking the chair on the occasion As he. had not, like most of those present, heard the sermons which had been preached on Sunday, and that day, in their chapels, he was not, perhaps, so well acquainted with the object of the meeting as they were, and therefore he would not detain them with a speech, but call upon the Rev Secretary to read the Report for the past year The Rev D J DRAPER, Secretary to the Auxiliary Society, then read the Report, a lengthy document, embracing a considerable portion of the transactions of the parent so ciety and its various auxiliaries throughout the world. With respect to New South Wales, the Report said, " the several care pits are, it is believed, favoured with considerable property. An increase of church members en- courages the hearts of the missionaries, and the principal cause of regret is that the) can- not respond to the calls for ministerial labour which are reaching them from several populous parts of the colon) ' "His mission to the aborigines at Huntingdale, is presenting fresh claims to support in the attention paid by the natives to the means of grace and instruc- tion, as well as to the cult ation of the soil and other useful employments ' the Mission in South Australia is favourably spoken of In Van Diemen's Land, the report states, that the Missions, not only supply a large portion of the free population with the ordinances of religion, but also afford them to a large number of prisoners who would otherwise be entirely destitute of religious instruction The establishment of the Society in the Australian District, comprising New South Wales, South Australia, and Western Australia, consists of 9 principal stations, 12 missionaries, 1950 members, 2530 scholars, and 8500 persons attending the ministry). With respect to New Zealand, it is said, the Missionaries have much to contend with in the prosecution of their work Recent disturbances among the natives, a using out of the unsettled state of the land >estion, have caused much hindrance to the cause of religion, and this has been over rated by the assiduity of several Puseyite Clergymen who are sedulously endeavouring to unsettle the minds of the natives as to the right of the Wesleyan Missionaries to impart religious instruction ' In the Friendly Islands and the leges, the prospects of the mission are stated to be encouraging , but great stress is laid upon the want of additional missionaries " The income of this (New South Wales) auxiliary society for the past year was £710 Is 'sad , which was less than that of the previous year by nearly £300 " The Rev. Dr. Ross moved the first resolution, which was, " that the Report which has been read be adopted and printed, with a list of the subscribers and that this meeting return most humble and hearty thanks to Almighty God for the manifest tokens of his approval and blessing which have been vouchsafed to the Wesleyan Missionary Society, and of her kindred institutions ' With respect to the Report, it spoke for itself, and nothing need be said to recommend it It was necessary that it should be printed, in order to make known the operations of the Society, and the means which the Society) took for evange- lizing the heathen Nor were the heathen only the objects of the Society s solicitude, a large portion of the inhabitants of France and of Switzerland-the Protestant inhabitants of Van Diemen's Land, as well as those of this colony, were all objects of the Society's solicitude. An objection had been thrown out against the Society that it did not at tend to the wants of those at home, the imputation seemed to be that they had no right to trouble themselves about those at a distance, while those nearer home required aid It was intimated by this objection, that while the Society cared for the natives of the Fegees and of the Gold Coast, it neglected our countrymen, but the insinuation was unfounded, and the Report which had been read showed that the operations of the Society were universal so far as they could be extended The second part of the resolution was, "That this meeting returns most humble and hearty thanks," Sec , &.c, and he would ask who would not feel thankful when he looked at the marvellous operations of the Parent Society, founded by men of God some hundred years ago, not for the purposes of gain. or of deceiving, or perpetuating ignorance, but for the purpose of instructing and elevating mankind from a state of moral debasement, of bringing the heathen acquainted with his mighty Redeemer, and throwing open to him the exalted thrones of glory 'the Society's agents had been successful in thousands and thousands of instances, and thousands and thousands who had been brought acquainted with the death of our Saviour, and had been purified, were now re- joicing Looking at such results, they should indeed be thankful to God for the manifest tokens of his approval evinced in their successes And while they were assured of God 's approval and blessing, he cared not for the approval of such men, even those in high places, who said that they had no right to go to preach to the heathen at all. It should be considered however whether this approval manifested by God was of the proceedings of the directors or managers of the Society he) had more to do than they had money to do with, their expenditure for the last two or three years had exceeded what they had received , still they had managed to keep the machine going , sometimes indeed their faith weakened, and the) said that the) must retrench, that they must recal missionaries, but they had not done so s Was it that God approved of their perseverance under difficulties that success attended therefor, there was another party, the subscribers here, had they done that which entitled them to God's approval There was not a sufficient amount of funds to carry on the operations of the Society as it their fault I li it was, then they should increase their subscriptions None he was sure were poorer for what they had given , none he imagined had been sensible of the loss of any of the comforts to which they had been accustomed, in consequence of what they had given to this Society, and if they gave double or treble what they had given before, they would not be the poorer for it. The Rev. gentleman after some further observations, moved the resolution. The Rev. T. MOWBRAY seconded the resolution : he cordially agreed with that resolution ; the first portion of it required no comment ; the Report demanded publication in order that it might go forth to the world, and show what the Wesleyans were doing that others might follow their example in extending saving instruction to their perishing fellow- creatures. The second portion of the resolution recommended itself also to every Catholic spirit ; if there was any Society that was called upon to return thanks to God for prosperity, it was the Wesleyan Missionary Society; opposed by worldly-mindi.d men, professing Christians indeed, it had yet been enabled to make its voice heard in the fur- uttermost parts of the world and when re- action needed it, its voice was heard in the Councils of the State. The founder of the Society on his dying bed, referring to the then state of the Society, had said, " The best of oil is that God is with us ;" nail looking at the results of the labours of the Society, he thought that every minister or agent of the Society might re-echo the words of the dying Christian, and say "God is still with us." The resolution was not confined to the Wesleyan Society ; its Catholic spirit extended to all kindred Societies, the blessing . (t God had not been confined to one Society alone, but had been more or less extended to all who preached the truth in Jesus ; whose end and object was to teach his truth to the ignorant, and to convey the word of life to his creatures, and it was a subject for rejoicing that so many of such Societies did exist, and all of them attended with success. Trusting that all would coincide in the truly Catholic spirit of the resolution, he begged leave to second it. The REV. J. SAUNDERS moved the second resolution :-" That this meeting recommends fervent and persevering prayer to Almighty God, that he will be pleased to remove the various hindrances which obstruct the endeavours of evangelical ministers in various ports of the world, and to give fuller effect to those endeavours by a copious outpouring of his Holy Spirit." Once upon a time, he said, there was a large body of people placed in the most perilous circumstances. On the right, and on the left were inaccessible mountains, behind them an implacable foe, whom they had no means of resisting, before them a rolling sea ; they cried unto the Lord, and the Lord heard them, and he said unto Moses tell them to go forward, and they went forward on dry land through that sea which lay before them, and on reaching the other side and looking back they beheld their enemies overwhelmed in the sea, which had rolled back upon them. Obstacles, apparently insurmountable, which sorely tried the hearts of the faithful might be overcome by prayer ; nothing was insuperable and as the " children of Israel were helped out of difficulties over and over again when they prayed for help, so would prayer be effectual now in the time of trouble. Christianity had from the earliest ages proved itself able to overcome all obstacles, and all evils, however varied their form and as it had been so it would be in future ; none could long resist the spirit of truth, the will of the author and God of truth and righteousness. But they must contend in prayer for the removal of obstacles ; it was not in a warfare with men that they were engaged but with the spirit of evil, and they must be diligent in the propagation of that truth which was able to save souls. Our Saviour himself had given us the example of prayer ; He had said " Thy kingdom come," and He had prayed that more labourers might be sent to the harvest,' and He had encouraged his servant by the promise of sending the Holy Ghost, which promise had been fulfilled. After some further observations the rev. gentlemen moved the resolution. The Rev. B. HunST seconded the resolution. He always experienced pleasure, he said, in attending the annual Missionary Meeting, and one of the reasons was, that at those meetings there met together members of all the sections of the Church, united to help forward the great object which they all had in view. He was not sure that it would be an advantage to the Church that all should be of one opinion as to doctrinal points, or that all should think alike as to form of Church government. He did not suppose that their honorable Chairman would be a less worthy member of the established Church which he had espoused ; nor their Presbyterian brother, less attached to that Church for which his fathers had fought and bled, for having attended at this meeting; nor the Baptist nor the Independent to their several forms. They met here to advance one common cause ; all their energies were put forth in one common channel, and their object was to spread purity and peace throughout the world. The object of the Society was the salvation of the whole world. By some they were called enthusiasts and if by enthusiasm was meant to love God continually, to go forward continually in his service, notwithstanding sneers and revilings, if this was enthusiasm, then it was better for their own souls, better for the Church of Christ, better for the heathen that they should be enthusiasts, and he hoped to live and to die an enthusiast. If they were charged with enthusiasm as endeavouring to attain an end without having the means of attaining it in their possession, then he would say the charge was unfounded ; they had the means which had been left them by their Redeemer, which the Great Head of the Church had placed at their disposal, which had and always must prove successful ; which had already raised thousands on thousands from the lowest depths of degradation, and placed them before God on high. That there were obstacles and hindrances, however, they must all be aware and in order that these might be effectually removed, it was their duty to pray earnestly to God for his assistance. The reverend gentleman, after urg- ing at some length the duty and necessity of prayer, concluded by saying, that he had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. The Resolution was put and carried unanimously. The Rev. It, MANSFIELD moved the next resolution. "That the state of the Church of Christ and of the world at large, alike claim increased exertions on our part, in order to extend as widely as possible the blessings of true Christianity, from which alone nations and individuals can derive real freedom, deliverance from cruelty and superstition, the blessings of peace, and the favour of God." It was almost thirty years ago, since he (Mr. Mansfield had commenced attending Missionary Meetings at home, and in these colonies, and he was just now reflecting that at every meeting his ears were saluted with one note which rose far above all others, whatever mode of argument or exhortation might be used, that note was heard with peculiar distinctness ; it was-Give, give-money, money more money. If ever there existed the quintessence of covetousnesS it was in the Wesleyans, discontent, it was amongst the Wesleyans they, unlike well-regulated bodies, held all hesita- tion at getting into debt in sovereign contempt. The Wesleyans were always asking, always receiving, always growing richer, yet ever plunged over head and ears in debt ; yet although he had never known the Society to have a surplus revenue, he did not remember that it had been obliged to have recourse to the process of whitewashing. The parent society had never yet appeared in the London Gazette; nor, although the legislature of the colony had provided a convenient method of getting rid of unpleasant pecuniary embarrassments, had this auxiliary society repaired to King-street East. They had heard to-night of the success which attended the operations of the Society, that their revenue exceeded £100,000 ; he recollected when it was not £20,000, and when its most sanguine supporters looked at £50,000 as the highest point its revenue could ever attain. It had more than doubled this, and yet the WCB leyans were not satisfied, nor would they be, if it reached £500,000. The Society had been enabled to effect much, but there was yet much to be done ; the work was far from being completed ; there was yet many places in all the darkness of idolatry, and so long as there were souls remaining in darkness, so long were Christians bound to renew their exertions in order to send them knowledge. He rejoiced to see that on this platform all the chief sections of the Protestant Church were well represented ; their Chairman, the representative of the venerable Church of England, in whose bosom John Wesley was born and died, that Church which, as a body, they loved, and long might God prosper and defend her The Presbyterian Church had sent an able representative in their brother Mowbray), who had so eloquently) addressed them this evening, and whom he now welcomed to his place amongst them, the sturdy band of Independents, who fought bravely against error and overcame it, were equally well represented by his sturdy friend Dr Ross, and he was glad to see the Baptists, eminently a missionary body, whose exertions were of equal date with those of the Wesley ans, were represented by his sober-headed friend John Saunders Here they had met, and for what Isot to discuss doctrinal points, or to endeavour to convert each other , but to advance the cause of Christianity, to spread abroad that religion and truth amongst the nations, which had given freedom, civil and religious, to our forefathers, that Chnsliamt) which had overcome slavery in the islands of the West Indies, which had made all Europe league t gether for the suppression of slavery , a where Chnstia city was, there slaver) could not ea t To carry out this great object, however, money must be had, already the Society was no doubt, and as debt Was gone. all) the best appeal to the pocket, he would urge upon the Collectors of the Sent) to renew their demands, to press them more boldly than heretofore, and he had no doubt that the result would be that the Society would have funds sufficient to enable it to extend its operations further than ever The Rev J M KFNWsecondcdthercsolution He called the special attention of the meeting of the necessity) of providing means of r affording additional missionary 1 labour in the aged Island? when, in consequence of the ignorance and idolatry of the people, horrors were perpetrated which dared not be spoken or published Cannibalism in its worst forms. and every atrocity that could be imagined. That missionaries would be able to overcome these evils was shown, however, by the fact, that the missionaries and those belonging to them were tabooed immediately on their arrival, and were thenceforth safe from outrage ; they were allowed freedom to teach also, and those who made profession of Christianity were tabooed also, and were exempt from the wars and in one instance when a massacre was contemplated, the converts so tabooed were enabled to secrete numbers of the heathens who were doomed to be massacred, and sent them safely home some time afterwards. At Tonga Island, he regretted to state that the missionaries were opposed in their efforts by two Romish priests, who lived in the Stockade, from which the shot was fired which _ killed Captain Croker, of the Favourite; it was, however, encouraging to state that the stockade itself was fast falling to ruins. In Wallis's islands a large chapel had been built by the natives, and was burned down by order of the priests. After detailing a number of other facts, the reverend gentleman concluded by stating, that by a letter he had recently received, he learned that the expenditure of the Parent Society for the next year would probably exceed the income by £10,000. Some noble donations had been made ; a gentleman named Hargrave, at Leeds, had given a cheque for £1000, and at meetings at other places, there had been similar instances of liberality. He hoped that before long the Society's revenue would be £500,000 or £600,000, and this would be but a trifle compared with the amount spent every year in spirits and tobacco. He entreated all present not to lay aside all thought of the objects of the Society when they left that place is not to say to themselves that it was the duty of the general b( dy and not of individuals, but to recollect that it was the duty of every individual then to exert herself or himself to the ? utmost to advance the cause of Christianity, by contributing to the funds of the Society. The resolution was put and carried, and a collection was made, after which The Rev. D. J. DRAPER noted the following resolution-"That this Meeting is anxious to have a more extensive and systematic application to the inhabitants of Sydney for subscriptions to this Society, and with reference to this object, earnestly and respectfully calls upon such as have sufficient time at their disposal to become collectors, and thereby render effectual assistance to the Society." There was no doubt, he said, that the funds of the Society had greatly suffered, in consequence of there not having been any systematic canvassing or collecting on behalf of them, throughout the city, and it was now proposed to institute a system of collection. They would depend chiefly on their female friends ; but he hoped that all who could, would come forward. At an early period they would probably hear from the pulpit when they should meet in the Chapel, for the purpose of carrying the proposition into effect. The REV. E. SWEETMAN seconded the resolution, which was put, and carried unanimously. Mr. WILLIAM LOWE moved, and the REV. B. HURST seconded-" That the thanks of this Meeting be presented to the office-bearers of the Society, and that the following persons be elected for the year ensuing Treasurers, Rev. J. McKenny and Mr. T. W. Howden ; Secretary, Rev. D. J. Draper; Committee, the Wesleyan ministers in the district, Messrs. J V. M. Weiss, L. Iredale, G. Smith, W. Piper, J. Inder J. Jones, J. Caldwell, J. Neale, W. J. Munce, A. Macarthur, and M. Blanchard. Carried. The Rev. J. M'KENNY moved that the re- spectful thanks of this meeting be presented to the honorable Alexander M'Leay, Esq., for his kindness in presiding this evening, and for the unvarying support he has rendered to this Society. Mr. J. V. M. WEISS seconded the motion. He could speak personally as to the unvarying assistance rendered to the Society by their venerable Chairman ; assistance the more valuable from one in his exalted position, who was not likely to be surrounded by men very favourable to Methodists-to be associated, with whom would once have been deemed a disgrace. The time had passed when they went to their chapels and their class meetings amidst pelting of brickbats and filth ; but their thanks were not the less due to one who was so old, so tried a friend, as their Chairman. ALEXANDER M'LEAY said, that he thanked them for the honour they had done him 5 he had always esteemed the Methodists ¡ he was perhaps, the only one amongst them who had seen John "Wesley he had seen him frequently he always regarded John Wesley as a staunch supporter of the Church of England, and he should always be happy to assist in carrying out the objects of his followers. After a hymn and benediction, the meeting separated, it having been announced that the collection amounted to upwards of £16. 