-o '1o the 7ialfor of the Australian. \-- S yon" pblic?tio ofthe 3rd Inst., under Sthe head of " Southern Queen," &e.;, you are pleased to irdulge in an artack, couched in languago not tbo most le-tqo some of the doctrines and practices of l? a hoi?ic religiona You set out by -saying that '4 the celibacy of the Catholic priesthood and auricular confession are practices not only uoauthorized in Scripture, but have been and will be the toots of ecclesiastical power, incompatible with civil and seligious liberty." Pardon me if I not only do not tow to this doctrine, but ulset it, by reference to that Scripture itoself; and first, as to the .celibacy of the clergy:-That the state of celibacy is a rr.ost perfect state, we have the example of the Saviour himself, of his blessed Mother, and of his tholy precursor. St.'Paul, 1 Tim. v., 11,12, speaking of widcws that are for marrying after having engaged -themselves to -God, says, "They have damnation, -because they have cast oft their first faith," that is. their solemn er.gagement made to God. " I say," -says the same Apostle, "to the unmarried and widows, it is grod for them if they abide even as I." 'The Catholic Church receives no :person to holy orders but such as are willing to make a solemn .engagemrent of perpetual celibacy, because she does soot think it proper that they who, by their oflice and. -fuontions, ought to be wholly devoted to the service .of God and the care of souls, should be diverted -froDn these-duties by the distractions of a married life. " He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please God; but he that is married careth for the things that are -of th'e world, how he may please his wife." That St. Paul was not an advocate for clerical marriages -is quite clear ftom his charge to Timothy--"But -the younger widows avoid, for when they have grown wanton in Christ they will marry;"-" Impose not -hands lightly upon any man, neither be partaker .of other men's sins; keep thyself chaste." So far the-sacred Scripture. The 27th .of the Apostolic Canons allows none of the clergy to marry, unless these that are in minor orders, such as lectors and cantors, The councils of Neo Casarea and the great council of Nice order that if a priest marry, :he-shall bedeposed. In the writings of the ancient Fathers, we have the most incontestible evidence \- that clerical celibacy was enforced and observed in their time St. Epiphanius, who flourished in the -East, writing in the fourth century, in his work :against all heretics, says-" The Church does not admit him to be a deacon, priest, bishop, or sub. deacon, though he be a man of one wife, who makes use of. conjugal embraces." Haer. £9. And St. .Jerom, in his 50th -Epistle, writes-"Priests and deacons are chosen either virgins or widowers, or from the time of their priesthood perpetually chaste." Make no doubt, Sir, the world Ismuch more indebted -to an unmarried than to a married clergy. "Come we now to the doctrine of confession, as it is taught by the Catholic Church. We read in the 'Old Testament, Numb. v., 6, 7-"' When a man or -woman shall commit any sin that men commit to do ,tnrspass against the Lord, &c.;, then they shall con fess their sin which they have done." And in the N-ew Testament, we have the practice of the first Christians : Acts, 29, 18-" Many that believed came and confessed, and declared their deeds." -" Receive ye the Holy Ghost: wh?esescever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them, and whosesoever sins ye retain they are retained."-John 20, 22 23. -" Verily I say unto you, whatsoever ye shall. bind on earth shall be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in Heaven." -Matt. 18. 18. The doctrine of confession is na,, -therefore, one imposed by the priesthood on the people, but it is one established by the divine Founder -and Finisher of the Catholic faith, at which Loth priests and people know it is one of their chief duties to attend, " Our merciful God," says St. Augus. tin, "wills us to confess in this world, that we may -not be confounded in the other." The Church of ,England herself, which po'seasses just as much absolving power as the Sydney Corporation does, orders that sick persons should be moved to make a special confession of their sies. .As to the assertion that clerical celibacy and auricular confession are incompatible with civil liberty, it would be better if something like proof were offered in support of it. No doubt it was men "ho practised neither that obtained the charter o: English liberty - the Magna Charta! Cardinal Langton and the Barons would have answered that .question. Tell, the founder of Sw:ss liberty, he lieved and practised confession of his sins. La Fayette was not a great admirer of the Thirty nine .Articles Church, nor of Protestantism in any of Its numerous forms; nor were the noble Poles, Polaski and Kosciusko, Weoe these, Sir, enemies to civil liberty t It would be encroaching too much on th. .space of this jouenal, to show at any length tihe creed and the priesthood wh~ch tore up by the roots all civil as well as religious liberty. In England, the penal code, the twto.sister of Protestantism, stripped -the peers of their hereditary right to sit in Par liament; .it a!so stripped tbe -gentlemen of their right to be chosen members of the .Commons House. It tork frhem all the right to vote at elections, snd it double taxed every man who refused to abjure his religion. It imposed a fine of £10 a monti for employing a Catholic schoolmaster in a privare family, and £2 a day on the schoolmaster so em. ployed. It imrpoosed a fine of £100 for sending a .child to a Catholic foreign school, and the child so sent was disabled from ever inhesiting, purchlasing, or enjoying lands or profits, goods, debts, legacies, orsumna of money. It punished the celebration of what is termed, in the Catholic Church, mass, by a -fine of £120, and the hearing of mass by a fine o £60; and it punished the Catholic priest wh returned from beyond the sees, and who did not abtjure his religion in three days afterwards, and also I any person who returned to the Catholic faith, or procured another to returln to it, witll haonging, rip ping of bowels, and guariering. Such is a sample of the civil and religious liberty of the lady of whom 3on, Sir, and the Solthsrn aQuees are the thampions. Before 1 close this bastsly written letter, permit me to ask the gentleman of the Southern Queen what church It is -bat the Catholics-or, if he wall, Roman Catholics-are dissenters from 1 Sir, you may as, sureyourself that the Catirolic Church in communion with the see of Rome is the only true spouse of Christ-the barsque of Saint Peter, against which the gates of hell shall never prevail. I am. Sir, t : A S'PIRITUAL SON OF THE POPE, 