SunBat? banter. THE DANGER OF A STATE OF UNBELTEF There is a strong connexion between the speculative principle of infidelity, and the " j:vil heart of unbelief." Unbelief is a disease, not of the understanding , but of the heart -, it" comprehends the " fulfilling' of the desires of the flesh and of the mind." In the one case it is the love' of sin resisting the holiness of the gospel ; in the other case, it is the unsubdued pride of the heart reject ing the humility of the gospel. A full and practical reception of the truth of God is therefore a powerful defence against the subtle and approaching enemy. However strong and satisfactory is the external evidence of tlie gospel, yet we want the apprehension and proof o1 its adaptation to our necessities to endear and establish if to us in all the strength of sensible demonstration. Wlien " the gospel comes in power, and in the Hoi) Ghost," then does it come " with much assurance." f He that beiieveth hath the witness in himself." The transforming power of the gospel into the Divine image is the most decisive evidence of its Divine origin ; and this is an evidence which is always present with us, con nected with all our christian habits of thought and practical lift, and accumulating in weight of testimony in every succesive instance of its efficacy throughout the world. The unbeliever, therefore, (for this is the real character of the merely nominal professer of the Bible, j enters into conflict with the infidel at serious disadv'ari tage. He may probably be inferior to his opponent in power of reasoning and subtlety of argumentation. He may be unfurnished with a. distributive view of the historical evidence of the gospel, to repel the attacks tha t afe made upon if; and being unable to strengthen liis points by the demonstrable evidence of his own senses, lie is in great danger of being shaken from the first principles of his faith. Or even .supposing him to be on equal terms with his adversary, well furnished with an outward coat of armour; yet, if his interior be not defended by" the wholearmour of God," the poisoned arrows may find an entrance into his in ward soul. If lie be ignorant of the spiritual blessings of the gospel, he ean have but a very imperfect convic tion of the importance of its principles. They hang loosely about him. There is a want of energy in the grusp to" hold them last," and not being "grounded and settled in the faith," never having had a real pos session of" the hope of the gospel," he cannot bd secure against being" moved away from" the profession of it His indecision is the first step to apostaey, and should it proceed to this ultimate point", it is only liis just punishment for neglecting to walk closely and humbly with his God. It is therefore most difficult for him to keep the field at all points agairist'the infidel, upon the low ground of external argument; for though we protest against the supposition of any vulnerable, or even de bateable points, on. the side of Christianity, yet the strength of the infidel side, as we bave just hinted, bears upon liis opponent with mighty influence connected with the appetites of his own heart. Thus man becomes not only a rebel against his God, but ai traitor to him self, and the murderer of his own happiness. Living without prayer, we should assay to go to the intel lectual conflict with armour that lie lias not proved, and, which therefore would render us but uncertain protection; Unexercised in christian faith; we cast away the only ."shield whereby we could quench the fiery darts of . the wicked one." In proportion to the practical influence of the principles of the gospel, will be our intelligent conviction of their Divine origin. A holy taste will enable us to receive the evidence of christian truth. In every step of spiritual religion will the invisible realities of the gospel be embodied arid ap preciated. The light to discover their external evidence | will be .thus. increased by the' removal of a counteract- j ing internal bias ; and tlie believer, retreating into a heavenly atmosphere, of communion . with God, will be little disturbed by speculative doubts, . " Thou art my. iiidimr-nlace ttud my shield ; I liopri ih'lliy word,"— Btxtlges, 