SENSATIONS OF STARVING. I HAVE never yet seen a treatise or dissertation upon starving to death-I can speak feelingly of nearly every stage except the last. For the first two days through which a strong and healthy maa is doomed to exist upon nothing, his sufferings are perhaps more acute than in the remaining stages-he feels an inordinate, ?map peasable craving at the stomach, night and day. Th« mind runs upon beef, bread, and other substan- tials ; but still, in a great measure, the body retains its strength. On the third and fourth days, but especially on the fourth, this incessant craving gives place to a sinking and weakness of the stomach, accompanied by a nausea. The unfortunate sufferer still desires food, but with loss of strength he loses that eager craving which is felt in the earlier stages. Should he chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, as was occasionally the case with us, he swallows it with a wolfish avidity ; but five minutes afterwards his sufferings are more intense than ever. He feels as if he had swallowed a living lobster, which is crawling and feeding upon the very foundation of his existence. On the fifth day his cheeks suddenly appear hollow and sunken, his body attenuated, his colour aa ashy pale, and his eye wild, glassy, cannibalish. The different parts sf the system now war with each other. The stomach calls upon the legs to go with it in quest of food ; the legs, from very weakness, refuse. The fixth day brings with it in- creased sufferings, although the pangs of hunger are lost tn an overpowering langour and sickness. The head becomes giddy-the ghosts of well-remembered dinners pass in hideous procession through the mind. The seventh day comes, bringing increased lassitude and further prostration of strength. The arms hang listlessly,the legs drag heavily. The desire for food is still lett, to a degree, but it must be brought, not sought. The miserable, remnant of life which still hangs to the sufferer is a burden almost too grievous to be borne ; yet his inherent love of existence induces a desire still io preserve it, if it can be saved without a tax upon bodily exertion. The mind wanders. At oi\e moment he thinks his weary limbs cannot sustain him a mile-the next, he is endowed with unnatural strength, and if there be a certainty of relief before him, he dashes bravely and strongly onward, wondering whence pro Iceeds this new and sudden impulse - -Kendall's Narra, j J file of the Texean Santa Fe Expedition. J 