THE PUSEYITES IN SYDNEY. The Southern Queen , as the avowed supporter of that party which has identified itself with the ridi culous doctrines of Pusey, Newman, and Co., superstition-mongers of Oxford, is making rapid strides in tbe high road of ignorance and absurdity. Had it not been that the columns of the Sentinel were last week too fully occupied with other matter, the opportunity of criticising the report of the meeting of the Church of England Lay Associa tion, would not have been suffered to escape. As it is, the Atlas has given to the clique who origi- giuated this society a severe and richly-merited casligation, for which that journal deserves the thanks of all Protestants, and of the members o' the Church of England in particular. So far as the building of churches, and the support of clergy men are concerned, there is not perhaps a single individual in the colony who would not have hailed the formation of a Lay Association for the promo tion of those objects with deep satisfaction. But these objects are, with our Sydney Puseyites, subordinate to the dissemination of those doctrines of clerical ascendancy, sacramental sufficiency, and patristical authority, which the Fathers of tbe Reformation, in Germany, Switzerland, England, and Scotland, unanimously rejected as the figments of Popery. It is true, that this design is not an nounced, totidem verbis, by the Association—such a proceeding would have been too glaring an insult to the common sense, as well as to the religious principles, of the Protestant community. But let any man at all conversant with the history of the Puseyite movement at home, read the report of their first meeting, the address of the gentleman who presided on the occasion, and the speech of Mr. Charles Lowe, in particular ; let him also carefully examine the official publications of the Association, and then say whether the grand object and tendency of the whole concern be not to lend to the Oxford heresies the sanction and support of the Church of England, and under her venerable name to propagate those dangerous and abomina ble fallacies. In fact, as tbe Atlas most justly ob serves, "it is not a Church of England Associa tion at all, but a Puseyite Association the prin ciples by which it professes to be actuated are not those of the Church of England, but of the Church of Rome, disguised indeed, and painted anew: by the Oxford daubers, but bearing ' the number of the beast' too conspicuously to deceive the most ordinarily practised eye. For the present the Association may be left to itself, Its proceedings, however, will be cave- fully watched, and any attempt to palm off the Oxford fables as doctrines of the Reformed Church of England will be exj osed, and held up to the just and indignant rebuke of the Protestant com- munity. As Popery rose up within the bosom of tbe Catholic Church, and assumed the title and prerogatives of Catholic Christianity, so the new sect of Oxford has arisen within the bosom of the Anglican Church, and has assumed the title and prerogatives of that Church, whose pure and apos tolic doctrines and practice it seeks to misrepre sent and pollute. The attempt, however, has been signally exposed at home; and the Protestants of Australia will, doubtless, be equally ready to tear off the mask and domino from these empirics, who would vend their nostrums under the specious name of Catholic truths. To return to the Soathern Queen, against whose perversions of Christian doctrine it is necessary again and again to protest. That journal is in almost every sense a more dangerous publication than the Chronicle ; for the latter, Popish and absurd as it is, is at least honestly Popish ; while the former, through professing to teach the princi ples of the Protestant Church of England, covertly insinuates some of the worst errors of Popery, and endeavours to cast odium upon the honorable and high-minded Christians who seceded from that Church, not for doctrinal, but formal differences In the number of Thursday last, the Southern Queen publishes an article entitled, " The Church of England as contrasted wth Popery on the one hand and Dissent on the other." It is not intended at present to comment upon the view which the writer takes of the differences between the Churches England and Rome. If he is content to take such low ground ill his contest with Antichrist, he only shows how false is his assumption of the title of advocate of the Church of England, whose sound and scriptural protest puts to shame the milk-and- water reasoning of her pretended defender. Of this, however, more hereafter: for the present article the writer's remarks on the contrast be tween the Church of England and Dissent will afford ample matter. The writer selects three principal points for the illustration of this contrast: viz., the spiritual presence ; the testimony of antiquity ; and the right of private judgment. On each of these points he bas strangely misrepresented the doc trines of the Church of England, with no other apparent object than to make out a case against Protestant Dissenters. Ou the subject of the spiritual presence of Christ in the Eucharist, the writer tells us that " Tbe Protestant Church of England treats not the elements of the body and blood oi Christ with the cold formalism of Dissent, which believes that these ele ments are not sanctified by the spiritual presence of Christ ; nor does the same Church believe, with the Romanists, in the corporeal presence, a recognition of which would be opposed to the reason which God lias given to man." It is undoubtedly true that Protestant Dissenters do not believe that the bread and wine used in the sacrament of the Lord's supper are sanctified by the spiritual preseece of ChrLt ; but it is also true that the Church of England equally repudiates the notion of a spiritual presence. This doctrine is a mere evasion of the Romish fiction ofTransub- stantiation, held under the name of Consubstan- tiation by the Lutheran Churches, and lately re vived by the Oxford heretics. It is a mere mys tic invention, witnout the slightest support from either Scripture or reason, and plainly condemned by the Articles of the Church of England. The reader will remember that it was for publicly main taining this very superstition that Dr. Pusey was suspended from preaching ; and though both the Dr. and his disciples denied that the sermon taught the doctrine, still, the fact of the suspension was a sufficient proof that the Bishop of Oxford con sidered the doctrine to be opposed to the Articles of lhe Church. The truth is, that Christ is not present iu any way whatever, corporeally or spiri tually, in. the sacramental elements : the only presence recognised by any of the British Protes tant Churches, is the presence of Christ in the heart of the believing recipient. There is not one syllable in either the Articles or Liturgy of the Church of Eugland capable of being twisted into an acknowledgment of auy such dogma, which is indeed so perfectly puerile a conceit, that the only surprise is, that men of learning could be found to embrace it. But, as Lord Bacon has well observe " there hath been no error so absurd, but that some philosopher hath been found to upkold.it" — so the miserable fable of consubstantiation, after being condemned by the ablest and most pious divines of Europe and America, has been received with open arms by the sages of Oxford, and is now echoed by the Sydney Puseyites, worthy scions of such a parent tree. During the celebration of the Eucha- rist, the Church of England directs the officiating minister to use the following language in delivering the bread " The Body of our Lord Jesus Christ, which was given for thee, preserve thy body and soul unto everlasting life, lake and eat this , in remembrance that Christ1 s blood tvas shed for thee, and feed on him in thy heart by faith with thanks giving." Similar language is used at the delivery of the cup ; and the reader will not fail to observe, how carefully the recipients are reminded of the true nature of the sacrament, as a commemorative institution, -whereby the believer is enabled spiri tually to feed on Chist in his heart. There is not the slightest allusion to a supposed mysterious pre sence in the elements, whether bodily or spiritual. The same view is taken by the Church of Scotland and by the English Protestant Dissenters. The latter in fact did not dissent on account of any doctrinal objections : their objections were confined t o forms and modes , in which it is lawful to differ. With regard to the nature and efficacy of the Eucharist, the Protestant Dissenters hold last' the faith in common with the Established Church ; though with respect to the particular form and time of its celebration they claim the right of judging for themselves, remembering only the apostolic precept, " Let all things be done decently and in order.'' As to what the writer calls u the cold for malism of Dissent,'' the accusation is somewhat new, Dissenters being usually charged with run ning into the opposite extreme. For formalism, he had better refer to Messrs. Pusey and Newman. With respect to the right of private judgment, and the testimony of antiquity, we have the fol lowing information " The voluntary principle admits of no authority and of no testimony but that of Scripture, and of no inter pretation of the sense of Scripture, as having any force upon the consciences and convictions of men, but the opinions of each individual Christian. Doddridge is with them as great an authority as the saints and fathers of the first centuries of Christianity, i,e, 110 authority at all. He was a writer— they were writers. He was a learned man, and so were they ; and he was a pius man, as they also were. This principle of the individual right of every professor of religion to make his own creed and put his own interpretation on every portion of the word of God, without reference to the testimony or opinion of the Church, i.e., of any superior, is the deifying of human reason, and the substitution of of opinion for faith." \- » " The rejection of the testimony and instruction of antiquity by Dissent, is one of the measures by which it doifies individual judgment. The Church « f England bases all her doctrines, sacraments, discipline, anu worship, on the Holy Scriptures, and proclaims their sufficiency. But then, as evidence or testimony in favor of the interpretation which the Church has given to doubtful matters, or to matters on which private judg tnent may be exercised, she has called in antiquity, and has adhered to the opinions and decisions of those who had drank deeply at the fountain of living waters, and had associated with the earliest friends and inspired followers of our blessed Redeemer. The Southern Queen speaks of Protestant Dis- senters under the general term "the voluntary principle." The writer does this either in ignor ance or malice. If in the latter spirit, it is not worth while to notice his language ; but if in the former, as charity would hope, he ought kto be in formed that what is in the present day called " the voluntary principle" was not held by the great bodies of Protestant Dissenters, at the time of their secession from tbe Church of England. Even at the present day, the Wesleyan body adhere to the Establishment principle ; the Church of Scot - land, it is well known, adopts the same ; and that principle has never met with a more distinguished advocate than Dr. Chalmers, the leader of the recent Scottish Secession. It is possible, there- fore, to be a Dissenter without holding the volun tary principle. In future, the writer will, it is to be hoped, be more guaided in the choice of his expressions. The Southern Queen openly accuses Dissenters of deifying human reason, of substituting opinion for faith, and of rejecting the testimony of anti quity. From what source the writer derived his information it is difficult to conjecture; he may possibly have found opinions of this kind in print ; but it is very certain that they would be condemned by every well- informed Dissenter as strongly as by any member of the Church of England. Upon these points, the Protestant Dissenters are not at issue with the Church. The language of the Sixth Article is adopted by every Protestant Dissenting communion. It is as follows Holy 8cripture containeth all things necessary to salvation : so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the Failh, or be thought requisite , or necessary to sal vation.'' If then, we are not required to believe anything not taught in Scripture, what is the nature of the testimony of antiquity, to which we are called on to pay such reverence ? Every theolo gian is aware of the value of this testimony as to matters of fact ; he knows that the concurrent testimony of the early Fathers forms the ebief ex ternal evidence for the authenticity and genuine ness of the Books of the New Testament Canon, and that to their historical writings we are indebted for any knowledge we possess of the struggles of the Church during the first five centuries. In in vestigations of this kind, both Churchmen and Dissenters gladly acknowledge the importance of the patristical writings. But with respect to Chris tian doctrine, the Southern Queen rightly says, that Dissenters consider the Fathers of no more authority than Philip Doddridge. So far as they agree with Scripture, they are entitled to belief-- so is Doddridge— but not one jot farther. Nay, if the point be urged, it might safely be maintaiued that a divine of this century is entitled to more I credence than a divine of the earlier centuries, in asmuch as the scholarship of the present day, aided as it is by sound intellectual philosophy, aud the light of physical science, is superior to the crude and meagre learning of these vaunted an cients. Which of all the Fathers could be named in the same day with such giants of scholarship as Bishops Lowth, Butler, Pearson, or Ussher, or even with Doddridge, or Owen, Hall, or Clarke P No man of common sense would presume to make a comparison. It is rather difficult to comprehend what the writer intends by " the interpretation which the church has given to doubtful matters." What are these doubtful matters ? And what is the inter pretation given by the Church ? Where is it ? Iu what library is it to be found ? Or what living oracle is the depositary of so precious a knowledge ? In matters of saving failh a true Protestant has no doubts— his faith is built on the sure foundation of God's word; it is only when we begin to battle with the uncertainties of tradition, that we " make void the law of God,' and embark on a danger ous sea, full of shoals and quicksands. With re gard to matters not of faith, but of practice, every Christian has an undoubted right to exercise his private judgment, a right not less fully recognised by the Church of England than by Protestant Dissenters. As to the interpretation of Scripture, the writer may talk to eternity but he can never produce, what is often boasted of, a commentary on Scriptuie, or on one verse of Scripture, which has ever been unanimously adopted by the Church of England. The only commentaries on Scrip ture which exist in the world are the productions of private individuals, who have published their private judgments, and of which every man may judge for himself. The writer himself admits, that these "doubtful matters" are "mailers on which private judgment may be exercised," and yet he censures Dissenters for exercising their private judgment, and attempts to set up an ima ginary authority, which does not, and never did, exist in the world. Christ himself, and the holy Apostles addressed themselves to the reason of man. " Search the Scriptures — for they are they which testify of me," said Christ to the Jews. And when He joined the two disciples on their way to Emmaus, He opened their understandings that they might understand the Scriptures , and proved His divine mission from the Law of Moses, the Psalms, and the Prophets. "I speak," says the Apostle Paul, " to wise men , judge ye what 1 say '' If we are to exercise our private judgment 011 the reasonings of St. Paul, it will hardly be expected ihat we should receive without hesitation the dicta of Dr. Pusey or of the Southern Queen. The Church, we are informed, " has adhered to the opinions and decisions of those who had drunk deeply at the fountain of living waters." The writer presumes largely 011 the simplicity of bis readers, or he would never have hazarded so pre posterous an assertion. Every one possessed of even a smattering of patristic lore, knows that the Fathers have not given a unanimous decision on any one point either of doctrine or practice ; the Fathers of one century condemning those of another — nay, the same Father in one part of his writings condemning the very opinions he had a dvocated in another. Iu short, neither the Church of Eng. land, nor any other Protestant Church, professes to adhere to the opinions and decisions of the Fathers. The dogmatism of the Southern Queen appears therefore to be no less unreasonable than unscriptural, and opposed to the Articles oi the Church of England. In support of the statements made in this article, the reader will peruse with pleasure an eloquent passage from a late publication, entitled "The 'Church Principles' of Rome, Nice, and Oxford, compared with the Christian Principles of the New Testament," by a member of the Church ot England. " It matters not how ancient doctrines or discipline may be, if they are contrary to the spirit of the Scriptures. Christianity is " built upon the foundation of the pro. phets and apostles, Jesus Christ himself being the chiel corner-stone;" but the passage does not run on to say, " and upon the fathers and councils." This is an addi tion of much later date than tbe apostolic age. " Did any of the" fathers " die for yon,"" or " were ye bap tized in the name of the fathers?" that their precepts and practices are to be preferred to those of " the Lord who bought them with his own most precious blood ?" I retire us and Ignatius, &c.;, &c.;, may have been very holy men, but their works were never considered canoni cal by any Church, and never arrived at the apocryphal distinction to which Tobit and Judith attained; and if in many things they are valuable authorities, it does not follow from that circumstance that they were inspired by the Holy Ghost as the apostles were.. The prelates of antiquity had no more inspiration granted to them than the modern bishops possess; in deed, from the style in which many of thim wrote on Scripture, and spiritualized away its meaning, it may be suspected they had less sense and worse taste than the divines of the reformed Churches. It is as idle to deny to latei theologians improvements in practice, and to all intents, discoveries of principles in theology, as it would he idle to deny that modern philosophers have made similar improvements and discoveries in science. Notwithstanding the many imperfections but too visible amongst those who were confessors or martyrs " for the faith once delivered to the saints," nothing would have been said of their faults had they been per mitted by their admirers to remain what they are, ec clesiastical historians and biblical commentators; but when they are to be put in the place of the apostles, and that all people " cease to be Christians" who de cline receiving their absolute authority, it becomes a matter of duty to deny the claim made for them. But we deny that claim by argument. . We never for a mo ment suppose that we have the right to employ any thing but argument ; and we uerer suppose for a mo ment that our opponents have not the right to refuse thi'r assent to our arguments. And we allow to the clergy the same right which we claim for the laity— the great right of private judgment. We appeal not to force, we eschew it altogether, but to proof. When mankind are judged by their God from his own laws, given by the Holy Ghost, " the traditions and commandments" of mortals will not be allowed to appear; for however unintentionally wrong the fathers were on many subjects, it is a matter too well known to admit of doubt, that the " Church principles" taken from their writings seated Antichrist on tbe papal throne. And we are yet to learn that the mischief of anti-Christian dogmatism, whether in action or in re action, is not far greater than the dangers which attend the right or private judgment. These dangers, be they what they may, are according to the law of our intellec tual and moral being, and in accordance with the doc trines and the practice of the New Testament. — Pp. 101—104. 