THE ROMAN CATHOLIC FAITH. " TINniCATTOîf OF TBS DOCTRIWEB OF TBK CATHOUD CHURCH." IT appears that, at the opening of the Roman Catholic School on Sunday week, a very re- markable document, bearing the above title, and signed «' f Francis, Bishop of Adelaide/' was exhibited at the door. It escaped the notice of our reporter, but this of the less consequence as it has since been published by our contempo- raries, and its correctness, as published, not having been impugned, we shall hold it as aa thentic. Being thus published, we consider the cou« tents a fair subject of remark. The subjec^ both in a political and social point of view, is one of great moment, and more especially ao at a time when the policy of British statesmen, with reference to the Roman Catholic bodf9 seems to have undergone an entire revolution. It is not only the subject that b interesting : the statements are exceedingly startling. We had hitherto relied for ao exposition of the Bo man Catholic doctrines upon the^decrees of the Council of Trent, and the creed, of Pius Wé%i but it appears that a new and better, tuatM|4»¡| WK* ^iptHrid Viçw of U»e ff Çiftoliç" faith M ï odoVinr .nan, i - ¿eliéW toH» majority-, of enlightened Roman Catholics throughout world. Eminent writers-among others, Ma- caulay, in his Edinburgh Review Essays- have held the reverse. Mr Macaulay states that \ Roman Catholics hold their ground as well and maintain their doctrines as doggedly at this day as they did one hundred years after Luther's Reformation, and his rationale of the fact is that, in ethics and theology, man does not ad vance as to physical science. Socrates' argument to prove the being of God was as good as could now be used, independent of revelation, and in the first and second centuries men were as far advanced in religious knowledge as now. The men in this age are not, he says, so truly religious as in some former ages. While this is, to a cer tain extent, the case, Macaulay and others have overlooked the gradual change of opinion within the Roman Catholic Church. He forgets that the enlightenment of science must have made mighty revolution in the modes of thinking of men accustomed to reason rightly in other matters, and if he had examined the subject more minutely, be would have found, that while the Church of Rome numbers as many or more bishops than she had two hundred years ago, the present race of bishops, and people general! have very different ideas upon religious matters from those-which animated the two hundred a fifty-five legates, cardinals, patriarchs, arc bishops,and bishops (composing the-last General \--Council of Trent), who thought to fix an unal terable creed, and to confound Protestantism by their decrees. If any one doubts this, let him look at the movement in Europe, consequent the worship of the Coat of Tréves. The minds of men were prepared for that movement, other wise the reformed principles would not have spread with such lightning rapidity, and in so many countries. But we have always held it a monstrous and incredible thing that that Council, of who members one hundred and fifty came from Italy and, of course, were entirely influenced by t Pope, could represent the opinions of the church and when we find that instead of removing the superstitious corruptions and anti- scriptural doctrines which (as might have been expected had crept in during the dark ages, they proceeded for the first time systematically to embody the in decrees, with anathemas affixed to them, i 'thé only saving faith, it was more than could I borne with or agreed to. Accoidingly though ii cumbents did not secede, and though the lait adhered to mother church, it is notorious th two parties arose in the church, which we called Cis-Alpine and Trans-Alpine.* The first of whom, comprising the Jesuits, have been the chief support of the Pope in all his claims of supremacy and infallibility- Of the second, the Gallican Church, from its peculiar constitution and ancient privileges, has always, formed the great stronghold, and has produced some of the most distinguished members. This party opposed both the doctrines of the Council and the pre tensions of the Pope. By them the infallibility of Popes and Councils, and consequent un changeableness of doctrine are more than questioned,and at present they are more numerous than ever. Hence the appeals now made to the Scriptures-hence thé advice to read them, eve in opposition to the Pope's rescript-hence tb abandonment and denunciation of superstitious and unscriptural rites~hence the bold improve ment in doctrine which is now announced. Di Murphy deserves the thanks of all true christians for the great effort which he has now made t throw off the horrible chains attempted to be imposed on the human mind by the Council of Trent. In order duly to appreciate this effort we place before our readers in parallel column a summary of the decrees of the Council c Trent and of Pius IV. creed, from which will be seen the improvement already produced by the disenthralment of the mind from the slavery of authority without Scripture or reason, which is taking place under our eyes, and which will doubtless be widely responded to. It will be perceived that the language of the new school is very guarded, but the meaning is not the less certain and plain. 1st. We find no trace of a A VINDICATION OF TH decree by the council on this DOCTRINES OF THE CI subject, probably because the THOLIC CHURCH. point had been previously In order to manifest in ali settled in the second council strongest terms the abboi of Nice, held in the year renee in which the Catholi 786\. which declared the wor. Church has always held, an ship of images to be lawful, still cootinues to hold, th The creed of Pope Pins IV., following religious teoeù says that the relics of saints which excusable ignorance are to be had in veneration, or almost unpardonable uta .nd it most firmly asteria, lice »till persists in impntio *' that the images of Christ, to the members of the Ca of the mother of God. and tholic oomtnunioa. W also of other saints, ought to hereby direct, that the en be had and retained, and that suing anathemas be pub due honor aad veneration are licitly read io this place « to be given them. This creed worship, on the first Sonda is the formulary recited by of every month, and that th persons becoming members of faithful then present, sb al the Church. Besides, these seriously and sincerely res the miracle working Lady of pond to each of them, Amen Loretto, coat of our Saviour 1st. Cursed is he that com * and staff of St. Peter at mits idolatry, that prays ti Trêves, et hoc genus omne, images or relics, for help o relics of the doings of such assistance, or worships then bishops as those at Trent for God. R. Amen, prove the practice ; and the treatment of Rouge shows the unchanged nature, if not of the Church, at all events of the Cisalpine party. (We delight to see the soul des- troying practice denounced.) 2nd and 3rd. The Council 2nd. Caned is every God of Trent decreed that ad deas worshipper, that believe bishops sad pastors who have the Virgin Mary to be anj the care of souls, do diligently more than a creature, thai instruct their flocks, that it honours her, worships her ss good and profitable to de. or pats his trust ia her mort sire the intercession of saints than God, that believes hei reigning with Christ in hea- above her Son, or that sh« em. The creed of Pope caniDanythuigcommandbim, Pins says, "The saints reign- R. Amen, ing with Christ are to be 3rd. Cursed is he that be honoured and invoeated, and lleves the saints in Heaven that they otter up prayers to to be his Redeemers, thai God for as." Ia curse 2nd prays to them as such, or that the practice of salting the gives God's honour to them Virgin in power and authority or to a ny creature whatsoever, ^geven above ber son, «nd R. Amen, v^-orshipping ber as Mother of aieaven M evidently alluded to and denounced. 4th. The Church of Rome 4th. Cursed is be who be- holds that there are seven lieves that the flesh and blood sacrament": baptism, confix- of Christ are present in the malton, the eucharist, pe- Sacrament » a gross and nance, extreme unction, earnal manner, or who wor orders, and matrimony. The ships or makes Gods bf the Council of Trew! pronounces empty elements of bread and an anafSSBMV ob «hose who wine. B. Amen, believe that UM» «re more or lesstfan1il»Wrj^.7. caa. I), and bj ses». 7f can. 8, these ara sallt£*os*r grace \- >. ?*+,.<... . -ff . Thats esp^^^"gÍÍ>B tbs finit futy,>nd úW second sil lbs wstWSsMÄi the chief seat* oTlhe respective ex opere operato, by the mere administration of them, and (can. ll) the efficacy of every sacrament depends on the in- tention of the priest by whom it is administered. By the word " sacrament" in the curse, is meant the eucharist, with regard to which the Ro- man Church holds the doc- trine of transubstantiation, i.e., the conversion or change by the consecration of tbe priest of the substance of the bread and wine in the eucharist into the body and blood of Jesus Christ; the necessity of paying divine worship to Christ under the form of the consecrated bread or host; the propitiatory sacri- fice of the mass according to which Christ is said to he truly and properly offered as a sacrifice as often as the priest says mass. It also practises solitary mass, in which the priest alone wbo consecrates, communicates, and allows communion only in one kind, viz., the bread to the laity. Sees. 14. 5th and 6th. These relate to several important doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, viz.-auricular con- fession, penance, and indul- gencies. The Council of Trent decreed that upon full confession with expressed con- trition, the absolution is not conditional, and declaratory only, but absolute and judi- cial. The creed of Pope Pius says, " I also affirm that the power of indulgencies was left by Christ in the church, and that the use of them is most wholesome to Christian People." Pope Urban II., invented, and granted the indulgencies to those who became Crusaders. Leo X. afterwards sold them extensively for the purpose of carrying on the erection of St. Peters. We have before us the form of Leo's indul- gencies, signed and sold by the Archbishop of Magde- burg. It is ia the following terms : - " May our Lord Jeans Christ have mercy upon thee, and absolve thee by the merits of his most holy pas- sion. And I by his autho- rity, that of his blessed Apos- tles Peter and Paul, and of the most holy Pope, graoied and committed to me in these parts, do absolve thee first from all ecclesiastical cen- sures in whatever manner they have been incurred, then from all thy sins, tran^gre> sions, and excesses, how er- roneous soever they may be, eveu from euch as are re- served for the cognisance of the Holy See. and as far as the keys of the Holy Chorch extend I remit to you all tbe punishment «bien you de- serve in purgatory on their account, and I return you to the holy sacraments of ibo church, to, the unity of the faithful, and to that innocence andpunty which y ou possessed at baptism, so that when you die the gates of punishment shall be shut, and the gates of the paradise of delight sha'l be opened, and if you shall not die at present, this grace shall be in full force when you are at the point of death. In tbe name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The sale of this indulgence caused the Reformation. 7th. The Council of Trent denounced an anathema on any one that should say that mass ought to be celebrated only in the vulgar tongue. (Seas. 25, and sess. 22, can. 9), though the Council of Lateran under Innocent III., in 1215 (can. 9), had ex- pressly decreed that because in many parts within thes«me city and diocese, many peo- ple of different manners and rites aré mixed together, bat of one faith, the bishops of such cities and dioceses, should provide fit men ac- cording to the diversity of tongues and riles, and for administering the sacraments, flow different the spirit of ike Trent curse to that of tbe one opposite, anti of the Lateran decree. 8th. The Council of Trent is j particularly great apou merits. They expressly de- creed (sess. 6, can. 32) that the good works of justified persons are truly meritorious deserving not onty an increase of grace, but eternal lite, and an increase of glory, lt, as usual, anathematises all who deny this doctrine. Peni- tents also may truly satisfy by the affliciions they endure under the dispensations of providence, or by voluntary penances for temporal penal- ties of sin, even after the re- mission of eternal punish- ment (sess. 6, can. .30, and sess. 14, can. 8 and 9). Venial and mortal sins have distinct effects. The greatest evil from the former is purga- tory, but the latter cannot be paidoned without confession and penances. 9th. This except in its form is a delightful denouncement. It is very different from the practice adopted by many of this faith, wbo appeal to tra« dition in support of som« of their most objectionable rites, doctrines, and practices, 10th. There is a dispute we know as to an omission by tbe Roman Catholics of the 2nd commandment. We pre sume the Bishop denounces that emission. 11th. See 7th. 5th. Cursed is he who be- lieves that the Pope, Bishops, or Priests, can give leave to commit sin, or that the par- don of 8 ns may be parcka?eii for a sum of money. R. Amen. 6th. Cursed is he who be- lieves that priests can forgive sins, whether the sinner re- pent or not, or that there is any power in Heaven pr on earth, that can forgive sins, without a hearty repentance and serions purpose of amendment, ß. Amen. 7ih. Cursed is he who con- temas the Holy Word of Ci od, or who hides it from the people with the intention of keeping them in ignorance and error, and of concealing from them the knowledge of their duty. fi. Amen. 8th. Cursed is he who be- lieves he can merit salvation by his own good works, or make condign satisfaction for the guilt of his sins or the eternal pains due to them, in- dependently of jlhe merits and passion of Christ. fi. Amen. 12th. Excellent. 13th. Most excellent. . 9th. Cursed js be who un- dervalues the Word of God, or who forsakes the Holy Scriptures in order to follow mere human traditions. fi. Amen. 10th. Cursed is be who omits any of the Ten Com- mandments or who keeps the people from the knowledge of «ny one of them, to the end that they may not have occasion of discovering the truth. R. Amen. lt th. Cursed is he who preaches to the people io un- known tongues, such as they understand not, or who uses any other means to keep them in ignorance, fi. Amen. 12th. Cursed is he who believes that the Pope can. give to any one upon any ac- count whatsoever a dispensa- tion to tell a lie or to swear falsely, fi. Amen. 13th. Cursed is he nat encourages the commission of sin, or who teaches men to defer amendment of - their tiraron thepwmptioa of their death-bed repentance. R. Amen. 14th.-Cursed is he who places all true religion ¿nd worship ot God in nothing but pompous show and mere ceremonies, or who teaches the pseople that it is super fluousdo and unnecessary to serre God io spirit and in truth. R. Amen. 15tb. -Cursed is he who teaches that it is lawful to do any wicked thin», provided it be for the interest or good of the Church, or that any evil may be done in order that good may be derived from it. R. Amen. 16th. Cursed is he who believes that the Pope can validly absolve subjects from their allegiance to their law- ful sovereign, or that thee is any power on earth which can license men to massacre their;neighbours to des¿r<«y their-native country, on pre- tence of promoting ¡be iote r< sta of the Catholic cause or religion, R. Amen. 17th. Cursed, are we if amongst all these wicked principles and damnable doc- trines, commonly laid at our doois, any one of them be i the faith ot our church, and J cursed are we, if we do not heartily detest all these1 abominable practices in the 6i\ne manner as those do, who so unceaiingly urge them against tis. R. Amen. 18th. Corset! are we if in answering and saying" A men" to any of these anathemas. \- We should use any equivoca- tion or mental reservation, or should not assent to them ia the common and obvious sense of the words. ß. Amen. * We observe that the Bishop makes a dis- tinction between those decrees of General Councils which relate to matters of faith, and those which regard exterior points of discipline \- he former being immutable, the latter local and temporary. He denounces human tradi- tions inconsistent with ^ctipiure. We wi«h much, therefore, that he had gone a little further, anti denounced those of the sacra- ments, whose first records rest not on Scripture but on the faith of traditions, or on the; pro- ceedings of Councils subsequent evt>n to the tenth century. These should not be held as mailers of faith. The forbidding the clergy lo marry was on'y established in practice so late as 1074. This surely is not a doctrina! point. Marriage, honorable in all, should be allowed to the clergy as well ass to the laity. Auricular confession to priests rests solely on practice and t< adit iou ; so dues coinitttinion, i ti one kind, to the laity; and so do fasts, fast-days, feasts, aud holidays. Upon the principles promulgated by Doctor Murphy, he must be held as ha vin» abjured the "errors of tbe Church of Rome;" and though the time may uot yet be come for the declaration of the whole truth by him, and, doubtless, by thousands more, we rejoice lo think thal the time approaches more rapidly than we had thoHght uf, when there shall be indeed a uni versal-a truly Catholic Christian Church. Before we conclude, we beg leave to state one serious objection to Dr. Muiphy's vindica- tion. We think he is wrong in following the example of the Council of Trent in the use ot the anathema, and the Ion;» string of curses makes them worse. It reminds us of a dreadful curse we have somewhere seeu of an tn tire man seriatim, from his eyes and nose down to his feet and toes. But it is not merely matter of taste, for St. Paul says, Rom. xii., 14, "Bless, and curse not ;" and St. James says, chap, iii., 8-12, " Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be. Doth a fouutaiu send forth at the same place sweet wafer and bitter ? Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive-berries ? either a vine, figs ; so can no fountain yield salt water and fresh." We hold that the"Almighty alone (or his creature speaking by inspiration) can lawfully cure, as alone being able infallibly to pronounce our doom. * For convenience, we add the explanatory paragraphs as a foot-note. As for the disputes, errors, or doctrines of particular Catholic divines in this or any other matter whatsoever, the Catholic Church is no way responsible for them. Personal misdemeanors, of what natur« soever, ought not to be imputed to the Catholic Church, when not justifiable by the tenets of ber faith and doctrine. Wherefore, although the stories of the Gunpowder Plot, or the Mas- sacre at Paris on Bartholomew's Day, had been exactly true (which, yet for the most part, are mis-stated) never- theless, Catholics ought not to suffer for sacu offences, any more than the eleven apostles ought to have suffered for the treachery of Judas. -?.( Religious persecution is no tenet of the Catholic Church. If the mere fact of Catholics having used violence against any person of a different communion were a proof that persecution ia .a tenet of our faith, this would clearly prove* that tbe same doctrine equally makes part of the creed of almost all denominations of Pro- testants ; because it cannot be denied that the reformers of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries carried on the most oppressive persecution against those who differed from them in religions opinions. With respect to the general councils of the Church, there is an essential difference between defining articles of faith, and ordering exterior points of discipline. The former are considered immutable truths and regard the whole Church, the latter are frequently limited as to time and place, and have no force whatsoever upon individuáis, until they are received and published by the civil power, ia what regards civil matters, and by the ecclesiastical, in what appertains io the church. Sweet Jesus bless our Sovereign, pardon our enemies, grant us patience, and establish peace and charity in this our adopted country ! 14th. Very necessary. 15th. That the principle denounced her** was, or is, that if not of the Cisalpine party, at all events of the Jesuits, and that " in conse- quence of such, and the ac- tions resulting therefrom, they I have been expelled succes- sively from every country ia Europe-are matters of his 1 tory, and of all but universal belief. If each principle was held, it is pleasingly manifest that we have neither J esoit nor Cisa I pine. - 16th. This is a sound curse If such had always been the sincere opinion, there would have been no Holy Inquisi- tions, and no St. Bartholo- mews. All enlightened Ro- man Catholics now, we are happy to believe, abjure that which is so strongly de- nounced. 17th and 18th, A very ap- propriate finale. (Signed) t FRANCIS, BUbop of Adelaide. October 1st, 1845. 