»obavl Ooton fJolirf K rp ort. The business in boozing is as britk M bees' ip a bee-hive. Yesterday, about a dozen'or two. of Lushingtons cashed up their crowns, and away they went. John Mummery and Francis Hangan, probationers, were charged with stealing four pence sterling from the pocket of a man named Hammersley (no relation to the great London banker ofthat name). Hammersley. " wearied sore with toil," wai taking a snooze upon a sunny bank, when the priso- ners overhauled him, and were detected. They were each sent to Port Arthur for eighteen months. Constable Badlock, for being tipsical when he ought to have been watchful, wat tent to solitary reflection for ten days. " Seven seamen belonging to the Phtebe were charged with refusing to go to sea with that vessel. They said, the vessel wat not properly manned ; but, Mr. Price think- ing they were looking after a female pri- soner who came out with them, sent them each foi two months to the house of cor- rection." [This is not, as will be seen, from our own reporter, but no doubt the statement it correct, and, if it be so, a more frightful perversion of justice we never heard of. Really, the case wants sifting, or, at least, a little looking into. First we have seven free men charged with refusing to go with" their vessel-the said vessel, be it known, having sailed without them-they assign at a reason, that the vessel was ill-manned. Was this enquired into ? Were any meant taken to ascertain the fact ! Not a bit o it ! " Mr. Price, thinking they were look-» ing after a female prisoner," sent them where ?-to the tread-mill ! There is an- other point-seven men looking after ann. woman ? A curious cause for a magisterial thought, truly, and a thought, too, that con- signs seven free men, tct an ignominious punishment ! As Mr. Price is now allowed to exercise his discretion, we hope he will immediately discharge these " seven tea- men belonging to the Phoebe."] Hugh Munroe was bound over to keen the peace, for grossly insulting Mr. Thomas Johnson. John Hayes, T. L., and Alexander Dun* cun, were each fined 40s. for pitching into Constable Pitt, a quiet roan, " what inter- feres with nobody." A very curious, dapper, old gentleman was "called to the bar," being out on bail, ? and charged with drunkenness. The de- fendant, without uttering a syllable, but in a very significant manner, held out his hand towards his worship with five shillings in it. "Were you drunk?" at-ked Mr. Price. " Drunk ?" replied the man, " Don't you see as I was: here, there's five bob for you!" Mr. Price took one glance, just one piercing glance at the sauce-box, fined him 3s., and gave him in custody for another five bob, for being drank, as he evidently was, m the' I office. , I j An old man named Carden,was charged with drunkenness. He was very deaf, and as usual, appeared very stupid. " Drunk is it, you say. Oh ! I had only two glasses of rum, and they made me a little rummy." " 5s. for it." Samuel Day was charged by Constable Greentree with being an idle and* disorderly character, and with sleeping in an unoccu- pied building. .Mr. Price.-Well; here you are again, Mr. Day. When you were at New Norfolk, you could not stop there. You are not only wandering about the town, but you aro plundering and pilfering whenever you can. Two months to the House of Correction." Thomas Morris, or Moyes, or Meyer, or something else, was charged with being an idle vagabond and a disorderly rogue. He told a long story about some good woman turning him out of doors, because he would not chop some wood. He was sent about his business. Jane Edwards, with a mob cap on her head, and a sweet smirk on her cheek, wat fined 5s. for using obscene language. The good woman said, the whole world deserved all the bad language she could give them for she had lost threepence halfpenny ! Mary Connor, " 5s. for it." "Yes, Sir." Exit, with a curtsey. ? Edward Higgins and John Wood, two grim-looking lads, were charged with sleep- ing in the " scuttle-butts " on the Wharf. What these scuttle-butts may be, weíknow not ; but the men were as black as any butts could make them. They were Bent to the treadmill for seven days apiece. Ellen M'Coy, a drunken old reprobate, and a constant customer at the office, wai again fined 5s. for the old complaint. She left the office pathetically exclaiming, "I. can't pay it, I can't pay *it!"' l -Booth, ticket-of-Ieave, was sent to - the treadmill for one month, for being oat after hours, and representing himself .at a free man. ' t , , " WilliamCook,ticket-of-leave, was charged with gross misconduct in living with another man's wife. The man said the good lady had implored his protection> and he had granted it, thinking, in the simplicity of hit ,heart, that there was1 no harm in it,, The constable said Cook was undressed, and the .* good lady" under the' bed, also en disha- bille. He was sent to the roads for thres months, thus depriving the " good lady" of her protector. ' . <-'' i A man in the service nf Mr. Donnellan, .at the'May-pole Inn, New Town, but whose name we did not hear, was charged hy Mr. D. C. Esdaile with being out after hours, and in some place at New Town for an im- proper purpose, i A witness was produced, .an old soldier, and a'capital fifer, who stated sthat he had fallen intpya most toft.and-ro ¡freshing slumber," and was awoke by some noise in the room, when looking up, he saw the prifconer ttanding. " like a ghost," by his bedside. The prisoner, however, fled, but not before he had told the witness not to be frightened,'as he was only having lark! He was sent to the roads for six months. ' James Leahy, a Probationer, in the ser- vices of Captain Jacomb, -wat charged by Mr.jD. C. Esdailt with, being in the Wt<¡^ , go» ¡and Hortet aOíetr Tow^-st'öVcJock^ on Saturday night. J&w;&lbya; totí»oj|fck " in lorm. In face, in heiu i and mind, A guardian samt thou rt now to me, 1 he altar where my heart.* eushrin'd -a--» ^ïhïr* wasTTfaith I placed In thee,i «. u "* 4, 'I could not rest etsewherq on earth, "And hidst thou prov d untrue,to me, , Then faith and trhth wcie nothing worth HuMio, twas a doubt that could not rest, "" A dread that could not shelter find, gadang which did not rend ray breast, A thought which never cross'd my mind No;-I believed theo true to me, True as the brightest southern star, Which, trembling o'er the moonlit sea, ! 1 Guides home the mariner from afar And on that star I li fondly gaze, And trace its coarse through the stilly night, And tbmk I see thine own lov'd face, Thine own bright eyes, soft, heavenly light And m the murmurings of the sea, Which gently laves the distant shore, 1 think thou'rt whispering hope to me, lu sounds which I now hear no more No more, no more, for thou art dead, This world it was no place for thee, And as thy spirit Heaven ward fled, It left on earth no charm for me. ! Since that sad hour 1 ve trkd in vaia, '< By mixing in life's busy scene, To soothe my iver aching brain, To be once more whut I have been But no, no more, for thou art dead, i This world it was no place for theo. And as thy spirit Heaven ward fled, It left on earth no charm for me 