THE STEEPLE CHASE. In tracing his subject we generally find the historian revelling with peculiar delight in ancient lore, and glorying in such op- portunities to display his classical atlain * menta, and do full justice to the work he is upon ; the chronicler of the chase, for instance, will lead the reader back, step by step, through the pages of our own "early history, thence to the Roman, Grecian, and Persian, with some well applied quotations from Virgil, Homer, and Zenophon, up to " the mighty hunter" himself, or Esau, first and hairiest of huntsmen. Again, the man who chooses the turf as his theme, after inducing us to accompany him through all the grades and deeds ot British chivalry the Eclinsc. Highflyer, and .Axßk &J;&,..tf) will, with but little hesitation, proceed td enlighten us os to the chariot racing on the Olympic plains-sunt quos curriculo, &c.; Fortunately for such as may have no great taste for antiquities, the present subject re- quires but little research of this kind from the head or hends.oi him who attempts to give à true and correct account of its rise and progress ; for, though a compound of ' those two ancient, and consequently aristo- cratic sports, hunting and racing, the union is of but comparatively modern date. How long the steeple-chase may have been prac ». tised in Ireland-;the parent country-is ? more, than I can take upon myself, to Bay, . but" its introduction on this side of the channel could not have been long previous . to tlie present century} Mr. Blaine, in his I V comprehensive work, ventures little farther I than twenty years back ; but I have good authority for stating that it was known full thirty years previous to his boundary linc. By this it must be understood that, though he quotes two or three authors whose writings have reference to drag-hunting, or riding after trained scents, no definite de-' scription of the steeple-chase is alluded to before 1820, when a match of this kind it tia thought might be found in tito sporting periodicals of that time.. 1 Of all field sports, hunting is unquestion- ably the trunk of the tree,; it waa to the chase the aborigines looked as the chief means of subsistence, and numbers at the present time owe to it " the means whereby they get their bread," from Mr. Davis, with some hundreds per annum, wine, house, and establishment, to the red Indian who cooks his venison where he kills it, end by a summary process conveits the skin into a Taglioni. From the branches of this tree we have varieties, which were in- troduced as hunting softened down from the principal business of life to one of its principal enjoyments ; racing, match cours- ing, pigeon matches, and such like divers- ions, which. are fettered with rules and regulations, and practised for an object beyond the game pursued (if any), are all accompaniments of civilization,* and have their origin in a jealously, a desire of super- iority, or a craving for more methodical excitement, which must have been first felt when engaged in the common parent of all -the chase. With these as precedents, it requiresbut little strength of the imagination to see what produced the steeple chase the very name implies the nature of the sport to the utmost possible extent ; and perhaps none of those I have named, racing, coursing, or shooting for prizes, are so liable to the charge of deriving their beginning from pure jealousy, or a desire of proving superiority. In every hunt we are sure to find different opinions as to who is the lead- ing man across country ; opinions, the cor- rectness of which, should the parties refuse to exhibit beyond the hunting field, can rarely be satisfactorily proved or collated. But should two men determine to put their merits to the test on a fixed day with hounds, we can easily fancy, in the event of a blank or short running fox, their fixing on some prominent object-a windmill or steeple', for instance-and agreeing to settle, the claim to the premiership by a race across the country to it. This was the original and proper steeple chase, of which the first match I have been able to gather the particulars, took place some time be- tween the year 'ninety and eighteen hun- dred ; and it is something considerably in favour of our subject to bc able to name the competitors on this occasion, as they were two of the most fashionable and lead- ing sportsmen of their day. The line of country was from Paddington to Harrow Church (a distance more than double that usually run over at present), and the con- tending parties, the Honourable Danvers Butler, and that celebrated sportsman, the Honorable Cecil, afterwards Lord Forester: as may be supposed, it excited considerable interest ; and after a good race, Mr. Butler was declared the winner-a triumph which conferred on the vanquished the soubriquet of "the under Eutler," much, it was said, to his annoyance. From that timo I cannot learn that any steeple-chase worthy of record took place until the commencement of the present century, when, as we see from the following extract from that both amusing and in- structive work, "The Percy Anecdotes," the distance and time in which it was ac- complished tally very much with the present period. "At Malton races, in 1801, a match was run be- twixt two hunters, which should arrivo at a given point in the shortest time. They went the distance (four miles) in less than fifteen minutes, and took one hundred leaps in their way, as they crossed the country. Mr. Teasdale was the winner; Mr. Darley the loser, -on whom the odds were at starting." From this time to 1814, it appears that nothing of the kind was in vogue ; then, how- ever, a sweepstakes was knocked up, but, as we now and then see at the minor theatres, almost too much play for the money. "A match -of this kind, which created much amusement, took idace in April, 1814, between Messrs. Beynoldson, Harbinger, and Duckett, three celebrated fox-hunters, for a sweepstakes of fifty guineas each. The ground selected was from Storford, in Hertfordshire, to Coleshill, a distance of twenty-one miles, through a woody country, with other obstacles of rivulets, enclosures, &c.; The sportsmen kept pace with each other the first four milos, when they separated on- their different routes, to avoid a rivulet. Mr. Harbinger arrived at Coleshill first, having performed the distance, after many daring leaps, in one hour and nineteen -minutes. Mr. Duckett ran the wimmer closely^ and was within titree minutes of him; and Mr. Ilcynoldson, who was supopose to ho the best mounted, broke down-aijsnp." After an interval of something like another fourteen years, we corire'f to perhaps the heaviest, match ever decided across country, and from which period we may fairly con- sider the steeple-chase amongst the recognised i sports of Great Britain. This was the race for 2,000 guineas across Leicestershire, in which Captain Ross challenged the world, and the gauntlet taken up hy the late Lord Kennedy ; who named Captain Douglas on Radical, a hunter from Mr. Assheton Smith's stable, agaiust his brother captain and brother Scot on Clinker, then the property of Mr. Holyoake, now Sir Francis Holyoake Good ricke. This was at the close of- the hunting. tTeTieacTof the Quorn, and Leicestershiie in the very zenith of prosperity ; Mr. Ross too,. being, as might be expected from his public challenge, one of the very first amongst the first, and his opponent, almost equally celebrated in the field, though untried in the crack country, made this an event of rio ordinary interest. The result, however, proved that the Meltonian had in no way over-rated himself -or his horse, as Clinker won without the shadow of a race ; still it should be added that Captain Douglas made his debut under very unfavorable circum- stances, having met with an awkward fall at a gate, which materially .injured, if not al- together spoilt his chance; and Radical, moreover, carrying upwards of a stone more than the winner, his rider being.unable to reduce himself- to the dandified minimum of Captain Ross.. Through the ground'for the race being chosen and made known for some considerable time before it came off, there was * "In short, the march of improvement is too weak ft phrase for the meredian of New South Wales ; ' we must there speak of tho race of improve- ment; for the three appropriate and never-failing accompaniments of advancing civilization in that colony ore a race-course, a public-hpus, and a jail." -Dr* Lang's History of New. South. Wales. nota fence in the line, barring timber or water, strong enough to stop a common hack, from the repeated rehearsals the competitors anil their friends had over it. During the same season Mr. Osbaldeston challenged the winner at even weights, for another four miles against his Clasher, and the conqueror of the world struck his colours to "the Squire;" but on this occasion Captain Ross himself took no active part in the struggle, having chosen Dick Christian to represent him in the saddle. As a wind up to the matching of this year, the two took another pick from their studs ; Mr. Osbaldeston laying five hundred to two that with 191b3. in hand, and mounted on Pilot, he would beat the Captain on Polecat ; and the event proved his opinion of the handicap to he " quite conect." It would appear from these two consecutive defeats that the Captain was fortu- nate in the first instance in meeting with a stranger, or at any rate ia not meeting with " the Squire." In the spring of 1829, what is generally known as the Grand Leicestershire Steeple Chase, the first really open sweepstakes of the kind, took place over the cream of that fine country, from Nowsley Wood to Billesden Coplow. This chase was preceded, a month or two earlier in the season, by two matches ; the first won by Captain Ross on his Harle- quin, beating Mr. Gilmour on Plunder ; and the second (in which Captain Ross again challenged the world), by Plunder, ridden by Mr.'Field N.cholson, beating the captain on Polecat. For the grand sweepstakes seven started, and a second time Mr. Nicholson piloted the winner. Sir Harry Goodricke's Magic, beating the King of the Valley, Lazy Jäet, Clinker, who ran in as their names are given, and the others without being placed. There was no child's play this time, as'was proved by every horse in the race, but Pole- cat, falling once at least ; the bull-finches indeed, were awful, ml the couple of brooks of the widest practicable extent ; in clearing the last, the King of the Valley covered the extraordinary space of ten yards and a foot ; a feat which stands recorded amongst sporting wonders, and one I believe to be unequalled. Captain Becher, afterwards so justly celebrated for his superior abilities in this sport, made his debut on Bantum, which, however, was outpaced in the first mile, and gave Becher a terrific fall ; but no one has or had less re- gard for accidents of this description than the rider of Bantum, as was proved on this day by his going right to the end, though without the ghost of a chance, but merely pro forma, in case his competitor should meet with some mishap, or make some mistake. Break-neck performers we all know have invariably had a tolerably good idea of being handsomely remunerated for pursuing their somewhat dangerous calling, but the winning jockey on this occasion had no reason for quarrelling with his employer, as Sir Harry very gene- rously made him a present of the whole slake. I may nave gone to more than proper length in repeating these twice told and un- questionably old stories, though they will perhaps act as a reftesher for the veteran, and be the next thing to a novelty for the rising generation. My grand purpose, however, by so doing was to substantiate another telling argument in favour of the steeple-chase. The first heavy match of this kind, one which at- tracted the undivided attention' of the sporting world, was got up by and between no horse proud or purse-proud London dealers, who might stand in with each other, and engage in it only as a means to advertise the strength of their stables and quicken the sale of their commodity ; by and between no cool calcu- lating legs, whose only object was gain, and who might speculate on it in the same busi- ness-like manner they would, on hazard or horse-racing, prize -fighting or cock-fighting ; by and between no hot-headed Welsh Squires, or unknown provincialists, half mad by nature, and quite so by drink; run over no remote wilds, or Cockney artificials-over no Surrey hills, or Cardigan mountains ; no, but over the finest hunting country in the world, and between two of the best horses, ridden by two of the best jockeys in the world ; the latter, be il remembered, gentlemen hy birth, rank, and education, and one of the parties who made the match a peer of the realm. This might be all very well for once, by way of a lark (an expensive one, though), says the opposition ; but proof again knocks this objection over. It was not the cockney snob or the country clod, who with hand and heart proceeded to establish as a custom what was started by the crack men of Leicestershire. No, the exclusives set the fashion, and for 'some years kept, it exclusive. The master of the Quorn hunt, acknowledged to be the best master of fox-hounds of his time- per- haps of any time-aud one of the best per- formers over a country, followed the example by two consecutive matches with the winner of the first. Match after match succeeded, until at length the open sweepstakes furnished the hint for other hunting countries, and ¡ from that period the steeple chase became one of the most prominent items in the last of British-nay, of late years not merely o British, but of the sports of the globe. The Leicestershire sweepstakes also stands as a precedent for all parties, no matter what their rank or station, engaging in them, provided they be furnished with the necessary nerve and ability, for, amongst others who saddled for the fray, in 1829, might be found Captain^ officer, and a gentleman; Captain Becher, of the Buckingham militia, and a steeple- chase rider by profession} Mr. Field Nicholson, aveterinarysurgeon-; Mr. Heycock, a hard-riding yeoman ; Billy Wright, a horse-dealer; and Dick Christian, a horse breaker. ' " Cou nubibus arcus . . ..".-Mille trabit varios adverso sole colores." Who with this before him will dare to cavil at a second son setting his life against that of a second horseman, or a peer and a plebeian struggling hand to hand in their mutual desire for fame 1 One of the greatest boasts of the hunting man is the perfect freedom he enjoys while pursuing it. In the heat of the chase no classification is admitted, and all cheerfully submit [to the '* fortune of war." Again, gentlemen have frequently ridden against professionals over the flat, and why then should the steeple chase of all others be cited as an objectionable example of lords, legs, and commoners, standing-or at least appearing for a time, to be-on the same footing in this glorious land of liberty ? I pause for a reply. 