THE MYSTICAL NUMBER SEVEN. Sevbk is composed cf the first two por ted numbers, equal and unequal, 3 and 4; tor the number 2 consisting of re peated iinilv. which is no number, is not perfect ; it comprehends the primary numerical triangle or trine, anil square or quarlile conjunction, considered by the labourers of planetary influence as of llic most Irenign aspect. In six days creation was completed, and the seventh was consequently to rest. On the 7th day of the 7 ordained to the children of Israel, who feasted 7 days and remained 7 days in tents'. The 7th year was ordained to be a Sabbath of rest for all things; and at the end of 7 times 7 years commenced the grand jubilee. Every 7th year the land lay fallow; every 7th year there was a general release frum all debts, and all bondmen were set free. From this law-may have originated the custom ol our binding young men to 7 years ap prenticeship — and punishing incorrigible offenders by transportation fur 7, twice 7, and 3 times 7 years. Every 7 years the law was to be read to the people. Jacob served 7 years for tfre porsession of Rachel and also other 7. Noah had 7 days warning ol the flood and was commanded to take the fowls ol the air in by 7 and the clean beasts by 7. The ark touched ground on the 7th month ; and in 7 days the dove was sent out, and again in 7 days after. The 7 years ol plenty nnd 7 ol famine %vcre foretold in Fharoah's dream, by the 7 fat and 7 lean bcasis and the 7 full and 7 blasted ears ol corn. Nebuchadnezzar was 7 yeais n beast, and fiery furnace was 7 times holler to receive Shadrack, A man defiled was by the Mosaic law unclean 7 days. The young of both animals was to remain with the dam 7 days, and at the end of the 7tb was to be taken away. By the old law man was commanded to forgive his oflending brother 7 times ; but the meekness of the revealed law extended his humility to 70 times 7 ; if Cam shall be avenged 7 limes, truly Lantech 70 limes 7. Iu the destruction of Jeiicho 7 priests bore 7 trumpets 7 days : on the 7th they surrounded the walls 7 times : after the 7th the walls fell. Balaam prepared 7 years for a sacrifice, and 7 of Saul's sons were hanged to slay a famine. Balak built 7 altars, aud offered on them 7 oxen and 7 rams. Job's friends sat 7 days and 7 nights, and ofieicd 7 bullocks and 7 rams as an atonement for their wickedness. In the 7ih year of his reign King Ahasuetus feasted 7 days, and on the 7 1 li deputed bis 7 chamberlains to find a Queen, who was allowed 7 maidens to attend her. Miriam was cleansed of leprosy by being shut up 7 days. Solomon was 7 years in building llie temple, at the dedication of which he feasted 7 days, in the temple weie 7 lamps — 7 days were appoioted for an atonement on the altar, and the priest's son was ordained lo uroar l.ia father's ga'rmenls 7 days. The children of Israel ate unleavened bread 7 davs. Abraham gave 7 ewe lambs to Abime- lec as a memorial for a well. Joseph mourned 7 days for Jacob. Nadinda was cleansed of his leprosy by bathing 7 times in Jordan, The Rabiaos say that God employed the power ol this number to peifect the greatness of Samuel, his antwciing the value ofthe letters in llie Hebrew word which signifies 7 : whence Hannah his mother, id her thanksgiving, says " the barren liaih brought lonh 7." In scrip ture are enumerated 7 resurrections. The widow's son by Elias — the Shu- manite's son by Elisha — ihe soldier who touched the bones of the prophet"— the daughter of I lie ruler of t lie Synagogue the widow's son of Nain — Lazarus and our Lord — the Apostles chose 7 deacons. Enoch who was translated was ihe 7th from Adam, and Jesus Christ was the 7/ ih ip a direct line. Our Lord spoke 7 limes on the cross, on which he was 7 liouis — lie appeared 7 times and alter 7 times 7 days sent the Holy Ghost. In the Lord s prayer are 7 petitions con tained in 7 limes 7 words, omitting these of mere grammatical connection. Wiiliin this number are concealed all the mysteries of the apocalypse revealed to the 7 churches of Asia. There ap- peared 7 golden candlesticks and 7 stars in the head of huu ihat was in the midst— 7 lambs bclure the spirits of God. The book with 7 seals the lamb with r horns and 7 ercs, 7 angels with 7 trumpets — 7 kings— 7 thunders, <000 men slain. The dragon with 7 I heads and 7 Clowns, and the beast with j 7 heads, 7 angels bearing 7 plagues and 7 vials of wtulh. The vision of David was of 70 weeks, and the cldeis of Israel weie 70. There are also 7 heavens — 7 stars — 7 wise men — 7 cham pions of Christendom — 7 notes in music — 7 primary colours — 7 deadly sins, and 7 sacraments io the Catho.ic Chuich. The 7lh was supposed to be endowed with pre-emircnt wisdom, nnd the 7th son of a 7.h son is snll thought to possess the power of healing diseases spon taneously- Perfection is likened io gold 7 limes purified in the fire, and we yet say, you frightened mc c.ut ol my 7 senses. The opprsite sides of a dice Bake 7, whence the playeis at hazard make 7 the main. Hippocrates says, that the septenary number by its occult virtues, lends to Ihe accomplishment of ail things ; lo he the dispenser cl life and the fountain cf all its changes, and hke Shakes;. ear, he divides the life ol nun into 7 tges, fur as the met, changes her phases evirv 7 days, this number influences all sub lunary beings. In 7 hours the genuine receives its tint i!:sp..s t-on to corcepti' tt —in 7 days it is coagulate.! — u 7 wetk it is distinguished mid numbers, in 7j months n child may be born and live, and not helore— nnd anciently it was not named before 7 days, not being con sidered as fully possessing life. The teeth spring out in the 7th month, nnd are shed and renewed in the 7th year, when infancy is changed into childhood. At twice 7 yeats puberty begins, at three times 7 the faculties arc developed nnd manhood commences, and \vc arc be come legally competent to nil civil acts, at four times 7 man is in lull possession of his strength, at 5 times 7 lie is fit for llie business of the world, at six times 7 he becomes grave and wise or never, at seven times 7 lie is in his apogee, nnd from that time decays. At eight times 7 he is in his fiisl climacteric, at nine times 7 lie is in his grand climacteric, or year of danger, and at ten times 7, or three score years and ten, has, by the Royal Prophet, been pronounced the natural period of human life. Among the Mahometans, alter drinking at the holy well of Mecca or Lcinzm, the pil grims proceed to make the 7 walks be tween the two lulls of Safin and Mcroua, after having 7 times circumambulated the Kaaba, the house of God. The Mussulmans and others affirm that 70,000 pilgrims must annual')- meet at Mount Ararat, n place of pilgrimage; and if the world does not supply pcisons enough, angels are sent to make up the requisite number. a> An excusable Blunder. — A clergyman who had in the lottery of matrimony drawn a share that proved to him worse than a blank, was experiencing a severe scolding from his Xantippe, when he was called upop to unite a pair, iti the blessed state of wedlock. The poor parson, actuated by his own feelings and experience, rather than by a sense of his canonical duty, opened the book and began — " Man that is born of woman hath but a short time to lire, and is full of trouble," repeating a part of the burial service. The astonished bridegroom ex plained, " Sir, sir, you mistake — I came here to be married, not buried." " Well,' replied the clergyman, " if you insist upon it, I am obliged to marry you, but believe mc, my friend, you had better be buried." Rapid Travelling. — Captain Drum- mond, Lieutenant Pitcaimc, and Mr. J. Wheatley, of Her Majesty's 42nd Regi ment, and Lieutenant Norton, of Her Majesty's 88th Regiment, resolved on visiting Catania, with a view to ascend ing Mount Etna. They actually ac complished the distance from Palermo to Catania, over a heavy mountainous country, in 29 hours I On ascending the mountain they found the cold almost insupportable, inc thermometer being two degrees below zero. On placing a handkerchief before their mouths, it was actually frozen to their lips. What delight after leaving a country with the thermometer at 82 in the shade ! — ' New Colonial Railways. — Besides an Australasian railway to open up the interior of the great island to Adelaide, Melbourne, and other outlets, we hear that a line will shortly be put forward to run from Halifax, the nearest port to Great Britain of the North American Continent, through New Brunswick, bv the valley of the St. John to Quebec, to connect with the other lines already- chartered from Quebec to the United States and the West. An economical railway or tram way system would indeed give an immense and unprece dented stimulus to colonial enterprise. The exports and imports of our Cana dian and New Brunswick settlements already exceed a million s'.erling, noces. sarily conveyed at present by the un- J certain and dangerous St. Lawrence, | blocked up by the icc six months iu the year. As respects the interests of the projected chain of Irish railways having their western terminus in Galway, Ban- try Bav, or Valentia, the contemplated undertaking is of immediate importance. — Railway Recorder. Ascent of Mr. and Mrs. Green from Vauxhall-Gardens. — The fancy fair and carnival al fresco, in aid of the funds of the Licensed Victuallers' School, Kennington-lane, was repeated yesterday at Vauxhall, when, in ad- dition to the varied programme, Mr. and Mrs. Green ascended in the Albion balloon, in the presence of at least 6000 spectators. The ascent took place from the Waterloo ground, at half-past six o'clock, and the sky being cloudless, the machine was distinctly visible for some time. It at length disappeared, taking a southern direction, and it was anticipated that the veteran aeronaut and Mrs. Green would descend in Sur- rey. As the evening approached the gardens became densely crowded, and it was calculated that at one period there could not have been less than ten thousand persons participating in the amusements of the " Royal Pro- perty." The stalls were well attended, many of the fancy articles being the handicraft of the fair sex, while others were presents from supporters of the charity. The children of the school were in attendance, and a poetical address, written for the occasion by Mr. Smalley, the indefatigable secretary to the institution, was spoken by the senior boy. The other entertainments included a vocal and instrumental con- cert, a new ballet, the " Feast of Bacchus," the Chinrini family on the tight rope, tumbling, juggling dissolving views, archery, and a variety sports. There was also a group of gipsies fresh from Norwood, encamped in the thicket behind the Rotunda Theatre, who dur- ing the day exercised their vocation with considerable profit. Musard's band of 100 performers were stationed in the grand orchestra, under the able direction of Mr. Willy, who has suc- ceeded to the bacon vacant by the retirement of Musard, and played dur- ing the evening some charming over- tures, quadrilles, and waltzes. The band of the Grenadier Guards and the Yager brass band were also in attend- ance. The illuminations and fire works were also brilliant. Mr. and Mrs. Green after a delightful trip of about an hour descended at Eden-park, Becken- ham, Kent, the seat of Mr. Edward Lawford. Mr. Green landed in the lawn in front of the mansion, in the presence of a party of ladies and gen- tlemen, who warmly congratulated him on his safe arrival. After partaking of an elegant entertainment Mr. Lawford ordered his carriage and conveyed Mr. Green and his lady to the Beckenham station on the Croydon Railway, en route to the " Royal property." The balloon on leaving the gardens, says Mr. Green, took a south-ard direc- tion, but subsequently got into a north- west current, but never attained a greater altitude than 2,800 feet. The thermometer never sunk below 61, and from the meteorological observations he made, Mr. Green is of opinion that a favourable change in the weather is likely to take place immediately. What thou Dost, do Quichly.'— The correspondence between Lord Stanley and the Directois of the New Zealand Company, which has been published this week, is more encouraging in its tone than any that has pr is action — and prompt action, not words, that is wanted. " While the grass grows, the steed starves;" while Laid Stanley and the Directors ore inter changing amenities, the colonists arc going tb— a gentleman whom it is inex pedient to name. What New Zealand wauls is — secuic land tenuici, u loan, and an efficient local government. The necessity of ihe first-mentioned is ad mitted. The necessity of the second — at least to the ntnounl required — is less explicitly admitted. Yet there is truth in what llie Directors ol_ihe New Zea land Company say, that, if the mischief that has been incurred in their settle ments is to be remedied, their operations must be resumed with energy and on an extensive scale. And here arc more parties need pecuniary assistance than the Company. The settlcis would now be comparatively little benefitted by re ceiving merely their grants of land. In consequence of the state of ruinous in action in wh not getting secure possession ol their lands, their capital has been flittered awav, debts incurred, and their land- claims given in pledge. The grants ol land, in their actus! penniless condition, with the high rate ol ititrrest that pre vails in tha colony. would go to- benefit tlu-ir cieJitois, not themselves. A loan on the security of iheTands, nl the Eng lish rale ol interest (3 per cent), to en able them to pay off creditois who take (and with perfect lairness, under the cir cumstances) 10 per cent., alone can save the original settlers — 'hose who have borne tho burden and the heal ol the day. But, ol the tlnce wants of New Zealand, a representative goveintncnl is the least likely to be grunted, and yet that Is the only guarantee lor adminis tration in a practical and kindly spirit. Lord Stanley will hear of no legislature in which the Government officials or ' nominees do not constitute a majottiy. I A legislature without any admixture of representatives is better than a legisla ture with a majority, or cren an equality, ol ex-ajficio members. The elective members and the nominees urc sine lo split into patties, of whom the Utter ol- ways contrive to have their own way. Such an arrangement is meant lo give the appearance without the icalily, and the trick is seen through. An exclu sively nominee legislature may irriiale sometimes, but u composite legislature keeps the community in a constant chafe. We make no u flection on uny one. Gladly would we lei bygones be by gones : it shall be no fault ul ouis if their memory isieviied. But somebody mutl have erred, or the evils which exist would never have existed. The afijits of New Zealand are in a perilous nnd critical state, and immediate action is wanted. — Colonial Gazette. Music. — Most mm who have been remarkable for longevity have been lend of music. Professed musicians, with all their eccentricities and their constant residence in great cities, tree living and late hours, will be lound to have the advantage over persons of every other profession. It if an exlnlirutiug recre ation, that always furnishes a company in solitude, relieves weariness, and du- pels gloomy tluugh's. Instances of suicide amongst musicians are compara- t.vcly wry rare, uhh'uigh same have met wiili sad rcvir-ts, yet scarcely can an instance be found uf cruelty remain ing in the breast of a real musician — Ins soul is rdl harmony, f could never bring myself to encourage a hither In chide his son fur losing his rime at a musical instrument. 1 like the aiui- phcity of I.ivntcr's maxim, " Keep at least three pares from him who hales bread, music, and the vnice of n child." —Simplicity of Uodth. St. John s Gate, (Slcrkcnwt 11 —We are liappv tu observe thai n subscription has been set en (not f.;r reiloiing one ol the mess anci-.nt gates of the city. St. J. rim's Gate stands at the southern en trance of Si. John's Square, and is ihe onlv ancient p >rtal now tcmaining ol those monastic hitlihngs once -j nu merous til the tnc;r' p:,hs and its vicinity. It farmed the grand south entrance to the hospital or priory ot S". John Jerusalem, and was completed by the Prior Docurain 1.00-1. This prior was the immediate predecessor ol the last superior of the house, Sir William Weston, and retained his office hum 1502 to 1523. In 1GG1 a view ol the gnlc was tnken hv Hollur, showing to advantage the cflcct produced by the battlements, then complete, but now en tirely gone. In the reign of Jnmcv I. it was inbabilcd by Sir Roger Wilhialiam ; but lias acquired much greater celebrity from having been lite residence of Ed ward Cave, the printer, to whom the literary and nntiquarian world owcu so many obligations, and here emanated from the press the favorite, and one o! the oldest and most respectable ol our monthly periodicals, the Gentleman's Magazine, which was born in the gate in January, 1731 , and is still flourishing. Among the numerous visitors nl that time were Goldsmith uml Dr. Samuel Johnson (Cave being his friend andunly patron). Dr. Johnson's pen was c. on- tinually nt work ; and his pamphlets prefaces, epitaphs, essays, and biographi cal memoirs were continually published in llieolJ gate, cither by tlieinsclvct or in the Gentleman's Magazine. In 17-10, and for more tlntti two years afterwards, he wrote Parliamentary speeches in the same magazine, and these were followed by hi Life of Savage. English Dic tionary, the Vanity of Human lEis'irf, the Rambler, and many other popul.u literacy productions. The subscriptions will be devoted to the reparation of the decorative portions ol the gale, such as tapping or testing each stone in the north or sourii fronts, cateliillv rubbing those that are sound, and replacing those which nre too much decomposed with new stone, not squared, but inserted so as to conform with the present appear- 1 anceof the building. The committee' recommend carrying on the embattle- menu in stone in front of the angular luucls nnd parapets to ihcir original liciglil, inserting new labels to the ilonrs anil windows, stringcourses and bands around, new nnd proper mullions, with cinqucfoil beads, to the large windows in the north and south fronts, and re moving the unsightly Roman doorway and sliop-svindow on the south side, and placing a new window and doorway in keeping with the old gate ; and to point up (besides ol the building with stone, or slate set in good mnrlar, finished with blue ash mortar, to preserve an uniform colour. Royal Geographical Society. — Lord Colchester, President, in the Chair. Six new members weie elected into the society. The paper read, was " Con sidcrations against the supposed exist ence of a great sea in the interior ol Australia, by K. I. Eyre, Esq. An opinion, ssvs Mr. Dyre, very generally prevails that the continent of Australia is, comparatively vpcvVmj, liitla more than a narrow crust or barrier intervening between an outer and inner sea, tlrs opinion originated with Captain l-'lindcrs and is still entertained by Captain Sturt, Mr. Windsor Eatl, and others. Mr. Eyre says, it is not without diffi dence tint lie ventures to differ from such authorities, while at the same lime he thinks his own notion borne out by facts nnd cunsidcraliuns of no little weight. Mr. Eyre admits that the non existence, at least as far as we know, of any larger river with the exception ol j the Murray, discharging itself into the I sea on the eastern, western, or southern coasts to the southward ot a line drawn from Moreton Bay to Shark's Bay is the strongest argument in favour of the theory of an inland sea. Nevertheless, other and weighty considerations, null- tale against this idea, and Mr. Eyre Ins come (o ihe conclusion ilial the interior of New Holland will he lound lo be ol a very low level; lo consist ol arid sands, alternating with many basins of dried lip salt lakes, or such as ure covered only by shallow salt water or mud, as in the case of lake Tureens ; ll.at there may be many detached airl even high ranges, as ihe trawler range, interspersed among l lie arid wastes, and thai in the midst of these ranges there may be rich and fertile spots. A far as Mr. Eyre's own p- is inal observation goes, it supports the suggestions thrown out by Captain Sturt, that Australia was formerly an archipelago of is'amls, and that their emergence fiotn the sea is a comparative modern event. Be this as it may, Mr. | Eyre founds his opinion against (he existence ol an inland sea upon the fol lowing three lircuinrtances: — Fust, the hot winds wh ch in South Australia blow constantly from the north or ccn're ol I the Continent, ami which be compares ! to the ficrv and withering blasts hum a \ i heated fin ii ire, and the little probability that such wmds have bciu wafted over a large expmse nf water; secondly, the accounts of the natives inhabit tug tl.c outskirts of the tr.tcii ir, who have no i knowledge 1 f any large body of water I inland, either fn-vh or silt : tliil.liy, t lie i coincidence observable in the |di\x cal j appearance, customs, character, uml ! pnt-ui's ( ( lite iiburig.iics at oppi site poinu ol ihe Continent, while no such coincidence exists along lite' inter vening hue ot coast connecting tbc-e pouts. The ilcvelopemr nt of uii the tacts contained under these heads, and the tnen'iou of others, such as the airi- l v.d of parrots from llie interior, fee., constituted ihe mass of Mr. Lyre's paper, but as mere abstracts would break the chain ol teasan ng adopte I by the author, we must content ourselves with saying tint however phtu-ible that reasoning may be. and it certainly Ins gteal weight, tnilimg >li i! of an act-t o Humiliation of the interior can satisfy us as to the nature of that pecu'iir country. The " Princeton" War-steamer. — This celebrated vessel, the pride of America, is hourly expected to arrive in. the Mersey from New Yotk, to take on board her ercnt gun, which Iras been manufactured in Liverpool, nnd attracted universal attention. The Governor of the fort nt the rock has had orders from tho Government to give Iter n Royal salute ol twentv-onc gun«. It is cer tainly strange our thus arming a power ful ship to fight ourselves, unless perhaps we nre making America pay for what, in the event ol war, is certain to become our own by capture. Travelling in 1S-I5. — Arrival at Do ver of the Indian Mail. — Tlic officer in charge of the above mnil arrived ot Boulogne from Marseilles in the iliort space of sixty-five hours. In one hour and fifty-five minutes the same was con veyed across the Channel to Dover, by the Oitdinc steam-vessel, and in four hours ftotn that time the mail was in London ; the entire distance from Mar seilles lo London being thus performed in lets than eighty hours. iVr. C. Matthe ws and Mad. Vestris. — The result of this insolvency, nrising out of the lesxecship of Covcnt Garden Theatre, is 5d. in the pound. A Prince lloyal. — The Emperor of Brazil, son-in-law of Louis Pliillipe. Iras got a son christened Alphoso, Peter, Leopold, Christian, Pliillippe, Eugene, Michael, Gabriel, Raphael, Gingago. Letters from Algiers mention that the bodies of nine soldiers, who were playing at' cards al the time ol the late explosion, have since been found, with the cards still in their hands ! Advantage of Advertising.— A wealthy merchant ol New York, who Iras given more advertising to the press than any other merchant of that city, once told the editor of that paper, that he com menced business with ft determination to expend in advertising, all his profits for the ftTsl two years, but that he soon found it impossible to do so. The laster lie pairl it out, the more he received; and conJJ he have monopolised all tl;c advertising columns of all the papers in ihccilv. he would have been repaid ten- fold. — New York Morning Post. Bureaucracy. — You abhorred it, as I tip), for its vicious perfection. For I must do it justice; it was a complete system, full ol coherence and consis tency ; well digested and well composed in all its parts. It was n machine ol wise nnd elaborate contrivance ; and ns well fitted fur the oppression, impover ishment, and degradation ol a people, and the debasement, in them, of human natnre itself, as ever proceeded from the perverted ingenuity of man. It is a thing humiliating enough, that we arc doubtful ol the ctTecl of the medicines we compound. ,\Vc are sure of qui poi sons. My opinion ever was (in winch I heartily agree with those that admired itiaobt c»tlc) thai it was -> cumtrucltil, that it there was once a breach in any essential pail of it, the ruin ol the whole or yearly lite wtiotc, was in some time or other, a certainty, ror that reason I honour, and shall lor ever honour and love you, and those who (list caused it lo stagger, crack, and gape. — Burke. A reason for Travelling. — Boyle tells us of a great traveller, who being rallied upon his rambling humour, an swered, that he would cevsc travelling as soon as he could find a country ulurc power and credit were in the lunds i f honest men, and prelermcn's went by merit. — Query, if such a man were now alive, where would lie take up Ins abode? Popularity ! — " 1 wasde most popu lar Governor that' New York ever had," said that amiable old Dutchman, Gover nor Yates. " How is that," asked bis friend. " Whv, I came in unanimously, and den I went nut unanimously; was not that popularity ?" Horses Names.— It is stated tlist the horse " Change for ft Sovereign" re ceived bis name brrausn nothing goes faster than such changfc, and Lord William Lennox, mention a linrie named " Salt-fish," because nothing could beat it on a fast-doy. In an old caricature ol " Avarice," hit Satanic majesty is repiesrnted as conveying a miser 10 his 'tcslm, who, during llie journey, makes n proposal to supply the abode with fuel at a reasonable rate. 