THE POWER OF THE KEYS. "I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven : and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall he bound in heaven ; and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." (Malt.xvi. 19.) " Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven : and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall he loosed in heaven." (Matt, xviii. 18.) " Receive ye the Holy Ghost: whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained.' (John xx. 22, 23 ) These sentences were addressed by our Lord Jesus Christ to Peter, and again to all the Apostles. The i Church of Rome teaches, that a power was thus con \ veyed to them and to their successors through all ages, a prerogative of binding and loosing, not things, but persons; and this they call the power of the keys . It does, indeed, seem that some extraordinary prerogative 1 was imparted by Christ to the Apostles; but it is nut less evident that those expositors take for granted more than can be proved. They assume that, 1\. Persons, not things, were to be bound or loosed. 2\. That the Apostles had successors. 3\. That such successors now inherit the prerogatives of Apostles, and the gift of the Holy Spirit. 4\. That both to the Apostles and to their (so called) successors, not merely a faculty, but a. power, was communicated ; or, in other words, 5\. That Chri t has delegated to his Ministers the power of remitting and retaining sins. All this is incapable of proof. Scripture? not under stood by the unlearned have long been cited in support of clerical pretensions, made irrespectively of the . original commisssion ; and there is a remarkable uni- | fortuity, if not identity, in the professed doctrine of ! two parties usually regarded as distinct. The Romish Priest professes to bind the souls of men ; and is diiectedin the Pontifical, to employ the follow ing language: — "By the judgment of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Iloly Spirit, and ol blbssed Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, and of all the saints, and also by the authoiity committed, .iinlo us unworthy, and by the power of binding and loosing iu Heaven and on tne earth, divinely cmifcrrcd . <>u us, we separate him" (the person excommunicated)" from the participation of the precious body and blood of tlie Lord, and lrom the society of all Christians; and we exclude him from the gates of the holy mother Church in heaven and on the earth, and sentence him to be excommunicated and anathematized, and adjudge him to be damned with the devil and his angels, and with all the rebrobates in eternal fiie.'' Now, if they who use these these forms do indeed derive their authority from the above cited pas-ages of holy Scripture, as they pretend to do, we should lay aside all repugnance to tlie old customs which the Romanists— and, with them, the ultra-Chnrchuien in England — say were ever prevalent in the Christian church, that the Presbyters should administer extreme unction to the sick; and by their "benediction ana prayers," with the administration of the eucharist, should communicate to dying penitents the " remission of all their sins." True Protestants cannot admit all this; nor can they understand the words of Christ as conveying to Christian Ministers an awful power over the souls committed to their charge; yet, taking for granted that they consulate a part of the ordinary ministerial commission, some endeavour to explain them as that they shall seem to publish a doctrine in perfect har mony with other scriptures, aiul not contradictory to the declaration of divine revelation in general. They, allow that there is a pow. r of the keys imparted to all whom Christ has called to be pastors ol Ins flock; but they define the said power to be nothing more than that of admitting to, and excluding fnnn, the visible communion of the Church. And that ministers should exercise this function, yet under such guar's as may prevent abuse, securing the people against precipitate and arbitrary excommunication, cannot surely be deemed improper, since the supreme Head of the church lias appointed that it shall be so ; but our question is, whether the passages now before us are their warrant. If we admit the affirmative, merely because popular misapprehension allows it currency ; and then, reason ing on a false premise, endeavour to explain the sacred text, according to views, correct indeed, to which we have been guided by other scriptures, we may keep up a dust of disputation, but nothing better. Let us examine these important sentences; not by prismatic glare of ecclesiastical science, which tinges every ob ject with decompounded rays, issnin? from an artificial medium— but under the pure light of plain aud un biassed criticism. Peter had acknowledged Christ to be the Messiali The Saviour approved his confession, and addressed him thus: " BIe«ssd ait thou, Simon Bar jona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven. And I say also unto thee. That thou art Peter, (" rock,") " and u-mn this rock I will build my church; arid the gutes of hell (of bades)- shali not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys." &c.; At another time, and in a de'ached discourse or sentence, at least, as it so appears in Matt, xviii., onr Lord repeated to all his disciples then assembled, that whatsoever they should bind on earth should be bound in heaven, &e.; ; which is exactly the same as he had said to Peter singly ; and serves to show, that the promise, mean what it might, was nof given to Peter only. The third passage shall be ex amined afterwards ; and, passing by the nomination o Peter, and the meution of tbe gates of hades, we con fine our attention, for the present, to the matters 0 the kevs. Our first inquiry must be after the signification of of the metaphor, which is variously employed in h ly Scripture ; and this is the more easily ascertained, as the theological language of the synagogue coincides, in the present instance, with that of the Prophets and Evangelists. In short, the " key" denotes either the faculty of teaching, or that of governing. There are gubernative and magisterial keys; and they may use the latter, to whom it is not permitted to haudle the former. Here follow two sets of illustrative ex amples:— The faculty of governing is thus expressed in a pro phecy of Isaiah: " I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah: and I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen bim with thy girdle, and I will commit thy government into his hand : and ne shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah. Aud the key of the house of David will I lay upon his shoulder; so he shall open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open." (xxii. 20— 22) That is, be shall bean absolute King, like all other eastern Sovereigns. But the power of our Lord Jesus Christ over his church is absolute; and in his Epistle to the church at Philadelphia, dictated to John the Divine, he claims this honour and dignity for himself alone; and does so in the very style of the pro phecy: " These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David," (being King,) " he that openeth, and no man shutteth ; and shulietli, and no man openeth." (Rev, iii. 7.) It might be said, that even au absolute Sovereign might delegate the executive to inferior ministers. This is true: but neither in the passage now cited, nor in any other, is there evidence that Christ has delegated his royal authority to any : nor is it necessary; for he is always and everywhere present to reign over iris people. But this manner ot expressing incommunicable prerogatives was familiar to the Jews, and is found iu their ancient writings, of which the following are examples, over looked, as it would seem, by the commentators on these passages. The author of the Jerusalem Targum on Gen. xxx. 22 writes ihus: " There are four keys de livered into the hand of the Lord, who is the ruler of all the world, which he does not intrust to any angel or seraph : the key of rain, the key of nourishment, the key of the sepulchres, and the key of barrenness." This he illustrates by scriptural reference, in the usual manner of the Targuinists. And in the Taltuudical Tracts, Sanhedrin, and Tuanii, it is laid down as a doctrine to be remembered in the conduct of human affairs, and in the offering of prayer, that" there-are three keys in the in the hand of the holy blessed O113, which are notgiven into the hands of any minister : and these are, the key of life, the key oi the resurrection ot the dead, tlie key of raius, and some say the key ol sus tenance.'' The same truth is expressed in the words oi' Christ: " I have the keys of hell" (or hades)" and ol death." (Rev. i. 18) I) n which place Wctstein brings a valuable collection of passages, similar to those now cited. And as the' Rabbin wiil say that God does not confide the keys of Government unto any creature ; so does Christ say that he does not confide the keys of his own incommunicable authority to any man. He openeth, and no man shutteth; he shutteth, and no man openeth. Hence it follows that he did not give to Feter, nor to the other disciples, the keys of absolute authority to admit into his church, or to exclude from it, and it is worthy of observation, that it was with reference to a question of church communion that the Apostle of the circumcision displayed so culpable a weakness that St. Paul withstood hini to the face, be cause he was to be blamed;" (Gal. ii. 11 ;) for through fear of the Jews he would have disowned the Gentile converts, by dealing with them as if they were excom- municate. This is much the same as if one Priest, Should absolve a dying person, and another refuse him, absolution.- Would such an one-be bound-over to heil or would he be loosed for heaven? For each Priest being episcopally ordained, is said to have power to bind or to loose committed unto him, and his act is said to be ratified in heaven. Our Oxonian Doctors might say, " Send the man to purgatory, until the Church shall prevail for his deliverance by her s u ffrages." The faculty of teach'ng with authority, pronouncing judgment car officio, or propounding doctrine ex c-rt tedrk. is indicated by the same emblem. It was mentioned by Christ when reproving the Jewish teachers: "Woe unto you, lawyers ! for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: ye entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered." (Luke xii. 32. Tliev were much like their modern successors. They neither taught well themselves, nor did it please them that any other should ; nay, not even Christ. That the "key," in this place signifies theofficeof teaching, is illustrated by an apposite sentence from the tract Semacot, which Lightfoot and others after him produce : " When Samuel the Less died, tliey bung the key and the note book ol the deceased on his bier," (that is, to be buried with him, as were old synagogue-books lately with Rabbi Herschel, of London,) " because he had nn successor" — 110 one worthy to carry the emblems of his office.. And the Saviour elsewhere uses implicitly the same fir ure, when be charges on the Pharisees, the sin of haring" shut up" the kingdom of heaven— not heaven itself, but the enjoyment .of true religion— against the penfile. ' _ Although the-verbs" shut," or -."lock," and " open," or unlock," would seem most consistent with the idea of a key, the inspired writers, bosh of the Old and New Testament, prefer to say " bind" and " loose." But a few examples,. out of the many which might be adduced, will assist the English reader to understand .the phraseology of the passages before us. It is said, in psalm ev. 21, 22, that Pharaoh made Joseph "the Lord of his house, and ruler of all bis substance, to bind his Princes at his pleasure, and teach his Senators wisdom." But it does not appear from the history, nor can it be reasonably supposed, that Joseph did literally bind the Princes of the Egyptian court at his pleasure ; nor that his Sovereign would have dared to invest him with such a dangerous and unnecessary pre rogative. But the exegetieal clause, "And teach his Senators wisdom," defines the meaning ol so remarka ble an attribution of authority. The Septuagint translators understood it in this sense, and, according!;, rendered the Hebrew thus To teach his Princes as himself." With the Septuagint agree the Ethiopic, St. Jerome, the ftala, the Vulgate, the Mozarabie Psalter, and, in short, all the published Latin versions and Fathers, who agree in rendering Ut erudiret Princip-s, £c., " That; he might teach his Priuces," &c.; : so mat there are a host of witnesses attesting that " to bind" signifies " to teach." Anoiher host of modern trans lators might be appealed to; but one of them, Martin Luther, shall speak for all : Diss er seine tirslen unter weis inch seiner lorise. "That he might instruct his Princes alter his own manner." And sometimes the verb has the sense of prohibition, as in the Targum of Onkelos on Num. xi. 28, where the Hebrew of " My Lord Moses, firbid thein," is rendered by the Chaldee " bind them." Perhaps it is the universal manner of the Orientals to employ these verbs in the same sense. Une sentence from the History of the Dynasties, b; Abool Fa raj, a' writer of the thirteenth century, may be produced here. Describing a persecution suffered by some Jews, he savs, " He who yesterday was a person in authority, and bound and loosed, and was clothed in splendid apparel, is to-day clad in sackcloth, and blackens his hands, as if he were dyer, and not a scribe." (Dynast, xi.) So that it was the office of the scribe as well as of the Priest, to bind aud loose. If the terms be taken distinctly, " to hind" may signify to instruct, or place under moral discipline; and " to loose" is to explain, or expound, law or doctrine. If they be taken together, " to bind and to loose" is to exercise the authority of teacher, speaking, as we say, ex cathedra. Aud here it must be noted, that things, not persons, ate the subjects. Christ does not commit the persons, but the doctrines, to the ministration of his Apostles. He doss not say, " whomsoever," but " whatsoever, thou bindest," &c.; Lightfoot, in his flora: on the firs" of these passages, has collected many quotations to the point. To express difference of opinion between Doctors, it is said that one binds, and another looses : that one consulted a wise man, and he bound it; there fore he will not consult another, iest that othei should loese it. And some one is cited as saying, It was never known that they loosed us a crow, (permitting it for fond,) nor bound us a pigeon (forbidding it to be eaten.) And it is in the ordinary style of the synagogue to say "bound"' lor forbidden, and " lo >sed" for allowed. From ail this we infer, that ihe keys of the kingdom of heaven are the faculty of teaching authoritatively under the Christian dispensation. But there is an obvious difference between ordinary and extraordinary teaching . between the infallible in structiou of ihe Apostles, and the expository lessons of uninspired Preachers. The former is obligatory on the conscience; but the latter is not, except as lar as it consists therewith (to be concluded in our next.) 