.4mong, th. qth pbe{ ,gsscommodities, of, use or onaenet, which have ,been sent from all parts of, thye.e)p rq'tq, that expositio of British industry--, that Brith rnseywupi of arts an "atmftues ,ox. howeveT elsg;q may adesignate the matnificeant ad novel exhibition that now fdlUs thilinte idi of Covent Garden Theatre, thpre is ong wyhich may l regadrld. as a, triking tribute: to the extensjve influence 9f the. bqdy ugder wsosq auspies, this, spectacle hag been produced; as it is, lilitipe pouwerful. plea fpor the, rights of that remote region which the contribution we allude to represents. A sack ag hqaqt fronm Anstralia, recently receivedb hythe Counlil of the. Anti Corn4Law League, with at lette requesting tleir advoctcy of the claims of the _uqtralian corn-. grower. for admis.ion into the lBritilh, ,market on equal terms with the Canadlan is certainly, a? . m?rlablesign of the extent to which.thi oAsocia.tio,. lhve succeeded in making. thermselyes iknown all, over the world, as advocates of freedom labour, and, emihange. Nor is tl u contribtion less fitted fspr the especial purpose ' er which the ,Coyent- Gardep. Bazaar is tiel-as an anifesto of th? rights '.p ", powers of that induistryhich:ecorn-laws obstrit ct and impoverish. W1e are glad to see the public thus, reminded of tiose clais which the Legislaturfqglasr week so harshly and unjustly deqiied. The reevancelL of those of our countrymen wh eyn monopolist. legislation has driven from their native shores to seek a home at the antipodes and waio, even rthere, find themselves pursued and hemmed in by the sang maleficent power, are approlpriately presetfed side by side with those of the 'mnufqcturers angl artisans who are still maintaining the struggle of' life i Great Britain: The League have done well tuy, tro make their protest againist the coirn-law co-extensive with the limits of the empire which It bestrides ai~ oprresses. In presenting theo metropolis wt it spectacle which, even mi .erely as a spectacle, is unsurl passed in splendour aInd attractiveness they lve. wisely itake care to offer to' the public at the, saeln time the greatest possible amiounti ann vaety of, information sanc 'sugestio• as. to ti operation of; the enactments which they assail, an the resoure of thenational industry wihose cause t iey $ead Ourbtiiess now , hoiweer, is not with thle League,; or the Lea ue Bazaar--of Which last we will only add that Londijit econta I no exlibit orot h let of intelligent euriosity bnd adniration-but with the sac of hlicet frpn Aultralia, ap4i the rlights the la r lnd ' aptal which it repesepts. Without p groeiin g .to ,regard thg .mitio sbl?mltted tothe l ouse of ,Commons last. eek by ?o r. utt as -one o.rlatclasis itnportanpe , Except: to tl!hg uistralian colonists thomoelvep, yr feel bth, grieved andie d ?napnt at Ite rejectior. If it was "not much to greint,' it was, a Mr. Labowhtere well said, " nuicy to refuse." If, in point of strict princi?~iles It ma bt eenied objeptinqohq i o give f?rthyer. fiscal priy1 leges :.to. our polopies ap compared with fqrela ep?pntries-to widen the bas? l of the i ,p iultthgla oI9poly t?.e. , , a. .kg y ps..rsrs l. ta the,, firm--oeur . tec?t and ignal m epartubre firom the pnciple,in thhease 9so hCiadq,~ p ren?erj t Jhpobjesnot loupplicablI. Itla certainly fig ~nre objctnbe to dany.to one olpony a prlyilegeo a.relt y p~,p~ereQ . forIq lother That thlere a qextrs.ely !Ittle,.corp to cJmrp fr9m Australi+a, ant i that ittl9. npgt, at any rate, nter our fnarkot clfayged ..lt?th.e osts .gf , 'fiftee n ?aqu and t! ep*v yoyageo nly aprt Nttes tho cruelt Ipf the refusal. Smq?ll .a the quagity. impori letqy;a ba tbue, ssl outely ' isal ppreFigbe t its effect 0o priqes it, l mnutch-IF ip pyg by(1pg-to the 4 i stral ap to lavp la rcllltplo m qrket for tplr surpl?R prp4ucp... ? !te " PeePle. hire'. arginlp.t. sr, poyVeyert aplered, y tnticipatl by tet ecolo pij tleterlsty ebly phtttonvptoxpreslime nt lbye on ' gospilp terms thePir anxiety to lb ,pQnbl e by.n partiplpatioqn hi thq privlesge sgantaed 9 ..i 4tg tdevote themselves profitbly toa byrnch pf industry for, viichi their'soil and climate appears to be pee_ liarly vell fitted. No sooner was 1t kniiwn SowIp a4 uef Filla and Van Diemen'p Land t hat .Mr. lutt' fprfler efforts in their fayour failed u }the grotnfl qf tir preisunged indtlberence to tlhe subject,.flln t1its iaot .yigorpu8 opeasures were taken to. rbyt ;thait presumption. By public meptings, by deibates l th Legislative Councils, by newspaper articles, by private letters, by petititions to Parliament, by memd' x -,to4 oulonl al.ofllice and by despatches from el ~e ors of . Ktb, o Clornies powerfully en forcing the appl cation-in every imaginable way, .official end unofficial, in~ hich colonists can speak 'to thrruing powers ,t homne, havq our fellow-sub-: jects ts tednit' settlements expressed their nxi a t ? ad easy oon of being per mitted to labour for us on tlssame terms with the -Canadians. '' !Unluckily, however, for the Australians, they' 'i hi,'. not yet put themselves quite on an equal footing with the Canadians. As Captain Rous rather inju .diliously reminded the House, in a speech otherwise :as'excellent in judgment as it was;ln spirit and" feeling,.Australia .lias never rebelled. " So far from it, the Australian people " entertain the most af Sfeetionate attachment to British interests" - The Premier had, therefore, nothing to'say -(vide his :speech of May 22, 1843) about "irritating circum :stances," " importance of conciliationi";'and "weakest point of the empire." Nor could he refer to a bill .of costs for Austi'lian disaffection, ruimi ng up to three millions and a half sterling. 'It does not ap pear that Australia will l~e disaffected'in consequence .of the refusal of this little piece of justice, but only" -extremely disappointed and vexed. 'In short, Aus tralia has not qualified. If there were but some, talk of 'insurrection-if there were only a " small .cloud" in our diplomatic relations at the antipodes'! Really; that is all that seems wanting to make out a * good case. 'All the other circumstances of differ 'ence' between' Australia and Canada, so carefully .-dwelt upon by. Sir Robert Peel in one of the most 'feeble and disingenuous speeches he ever uttered, are •.differences -in. favour of Australia. Australia has rno extensive and unprotected frontier abutting on a wheat- growing country. Australia canneot siuggle .cheap. for . re-exportation. 'Australian corn is all bona fide British corn-the produceof British soil, British labour, and British capital. The costs of transit, too, constitute a, peculiar burden on Aus -:tralian agriculture, and a correspondent protection ,on. the English .grower, sulfficient, one would think, to disarm the fears of the most nervous landlord or 'farmer in existence. Altogether -the case of Aus tralia, relatively to.that of Canada, is an' a-fortiori .case. The only difference is, that Canada is strong, 'and Australia is weak ; Canada has 'the United States for a neighbour, Australia is alone in the world. Lord' owick, in his excellent' speech of Thursday night, only spoke the feeling of every just mind when he expressed the " shame" with which he had listened to as miserable.a tissue of inanities and sophisms as ever fell from the lips of :the Parliamentary-leader of a.great'party. It was, in truth, .a debate for the .country to be iashamed of. A discussion more discreditable and damaging to the landlord order has not occurred even during the present session. Not a reason, nor a decent apology and substitute for a reason, was alleged against the simple requestof one colony -to share an indulgence already granted to another. This obvious piece of justice was refused, not because any human:being would run the shadow of a-risk of being injured by it--but, first, 'because Australia is not Canada-whlich is as true, and as -much to the point; as that' Australia is not Nova Zcembla,-and next; because the" agricultural mind" is "sensitive," " unsettled," and much given to panic." A measure of the clearest right, and the most indisputable expediency, in which some thou sands of loyal British subjects, who are busy on the -other side of the world, engaged in a great national -enterprise, have a deep practical interest, is rejected out of regard to fears that are confessedly ground less, and apprehensions that are as'palpably absurd .as-they are sordidly selfish. The Legislature has, zalmost avowedly, taken its rule of action from .ifancies rather than from facts. The essential in terests of a valuable colony are sacrificed, not to the ;interests of any person or class elsewhere, but to a mere chimerical terror which nobody professes ex .a'tly to feel for himself, but which everybody feels on behalf of every other body. The national policy of -"treating our colonies as integral parts of" the .empire"' is given tip, because landlords say the farmers are afraid of ghosts. Instead of" agri cultural interest"-which has at least the merit of meaning something real and tangible-we have got nriow, as the basisand rule of legislation,the assumed " senitiveness" of the " agricultural mind." As regards the .bearings of this decision of the 'House of Commons on. the general interests of the free-trade question, we. scarcely know that one need 'view it with regret. It certainly will not,tend.to arrest that process of public conviction which has 'been going on with such extraordinary rapidity since the beginning of the present session. The . corn-law is implicated by it more deeply than ever, in' the odium and contempt resulting to any cause from' an 'absurd and unscrupulous advocacy. Tihe rejection of such a motion as Mr. Hutt's is likewise most damaging tothelandlord's cause, as it exposes 'tbe insincerity of the stock landlord arguments, and spoils them for future service. As Mr. Hutt well :showed, the ordinary defences of the corn-law are quite unavailable against the 'particular measure proposed by 'hin. Men who really believe in the ,nalidity of the.pleasfor the corn-law, ought to sup port sucha measure, as Sir' Walter James and Capt. Rous actually did. Nothing can 'be more palipably for the interest .of the '" British agricultural la bourer," according even to landlord notions, than a measure tending to facilitate profitable emigration; not tb add that the agriculturists of Australia are as much a part of ithe British agricultural interests as 'hose of Essex. Nor carnp anything more directly" c'onduce to give us ,the so desirable -" independence of foreigners" than arrangements for raising, on British territory, the extra supplies which the United Xingdom needs.' We confess, hIowever, that we regret 'thsinjustice done to a deserving body of British subjects far more than we can rejoice at seeing thie Legislature bring ahbad law into contempt, at:the cost of its own character. 'It is really a hard and cruel case. Mo nbopoly will neither 'let these men live at home nor abroad. It first drives them from their native coun try by artificially narrowing the field for the appli cation of capital, and spoilling the market for labout, ind then, wlhen they have, at infinite hazard and di~ficulty; made a new home for theniselves on the other side of the globe, it grudges .them alittlepro fiiable trade. There is something most unfeeling shd barbarous in this mode of dealing with thloseof eur countrymen who run the risks and do the work colonization . We treat them,neithler as English mennor as foreigners. We follow them to the antipodes witlf?iur authority; yet, tile moment they leave our shoites they find themselves walled out from dur markets by watarilf. We Insist on having their llegianf ;' but " protectlion,".tl? co-relative of al legiance, they know chiefly as somctlhing hostile to iheir industry. To our countrymen andtl fellow subjects engaged in the great national work of spreading tie British name, language, and power at tih'e other'extremity of the world, n'd turning' wilcmrnessesinto fruitful fields, we cannot find in eur hrasts to grant so siniple' ri favbur as that of buynig a fiw ship-loads of bist wheat at market Sprice. 