A CATHOLIC MISREPRESENTED AND REPRESENTED. InY THE REV. JOHaN OOTHER. First published in 1685.: OP Ti1e SCIttPTU3i AS A RULu OF8A55i "The" Catholic misrepresented- b?ioves :I?1ii obligation to undervalue the Scripture, and take from it that authority whicl Christ gave it. For, whereas Christ left this to the world as the rule of faith, and as a seconic?:racle froin whence all his followers might be instructed in the precepts of a good life, learn all the mysteries of their faith, and be resolved in all difficult and doubtful points of re ligion, he is taught flatly to deny all this, and to believe that the Scripture is not capable of deciding any one point of controversy, or reconciling the different sentiments of men in religion; and thus lie demeans himself towards the -word of God, in a manner unbecoming a Christian." The Catholic truly represented believes it damna Ile' to undervalue the Scripture, or to take from it the authority given it' by Christ. Ho gives it all respect due to the word of God; lie owns it?o be of the greatest authority upon eartha!)s lhat it is capable of leading a man to all truthr i,?hbee it is rightly understood. Butto any eie that undefos ds it, and takes it in any other sense than what it was intended by the Holy Ghost, he believes it to such a one to be no Scripture, no word of God; thatto such a one it is no tile of faith, nor judge of con troversies; and that what he thinks to be the doc trine of Christ, and command of heaven, is nothing but his own imagination, and the suggestions of the devil. And since by the experience of -.so many bundred heresies since our Saviour's time, all pre tending to be grounded on Scripture, hed finds Usat almost every text of the Bible, and even".those that concern the most essential arid fundamental points. of the Christian religion, have been Juinterpreted several ways, and made to signify things contrary to one another; and while thus contrary meanings are by several persons drawn from the same word, the Scripture is still silent, without discover ing which of: all these senses is that intended by the Holy Ghost, and agreeable to truth; and vhilch are erroneous and anti- christihn: he con eludes that the Scripture alone, without taking along with it the interpretation of-the Church, cannot be to every private person the whole rule of his faith. Not that there is any authority wanting on the Scripture side, but because no private person can be certain whether, amongst all the several.. meanings every.text is liable to, that which he und~e: stands it in is right or not. And without this certainty of truth, and security from error, lie knows there is nothing capable of being a sufficient rule of his faith. O THE INTESPRETATION OF SCRICPtIE. -' The Catholic rmisrepresented believes that his Church, which lhe callsk'atholic, is above the Scrip ture; and profanely allows to her an uncontrollable authority of being judge of the word of God; and being fondly abused into adistrust of the Scriptures, and that he can be certain of nothing, not even of .the funidanentals of CblhristianIy?, from. what is deltvered'iei ljm, btough,they; speak sever so plainly;he is tsughtsiolyto rely upon this Church, and not to believe oine word the Scripture says, unless his Church says so too." The Catholic truly represented believes that the Church is not above the Scripture, but only allows that order between them as is between the judge,nid the law ; and is no other than what every p?i?ate member of the Reformation challenges to himself, as often as he pretends to'decide any doubt of his own, or his neighbours, in religion, by interpreting the Scripture. Neither is l i:iught at all to distrust his own private interpretation of it, and not to rely on his own judgment in the resolution of any doubt concerning faith or religion, though he can produce several texts in favour of his opinion. But in all such cases he is commanded to recur to the Church ; and having learnt from jier the true sense of all such texts how they havi ibi understood by the whole community of Christians in all ages since the apostles, and what.bas been their received doctrine in such doubtful and difficult points, he is obliged to submit to this, and never presume on his own private sentiments, however seemingly grounded on reason and Scripture, to believe or preach any new doctrine opposite to the belief of the Church; but *as he receives from her the book, so'also to receive from her the sense of the book; withisa holy confidenc6, that she that did not cheat him in delivering a false book for the true one, will not cheat him In deli vering him a false and erroneous sense for the true one; her authority, which is sufficient in the one. being not less in the other ; and his own private judgment, w.hich was insufflicient in the one, thalt' s, in finding out.the true Scrlpture, and discerning it from.all othm oks, being as incapable arid insuf ficlcnt in the other., that is, in certainly discovering tho meanltig of the Holy Ghost, and avboidlng.ll other heterodox and mistaken interpretations. (Tb be continued. .) 