L O C A L , ROMAS CA.TTIOI.IC CHURCH—On Sunday the Seera ttent of Confirmation vras administered ID thi Church of St. Joseph's 1? the Right Rer. tht> Bishop of Hob&n; Town. Tta tervice commenced fit 12 oVlotV* ftigli Mali was celelr&led; with the vaunt gran deer br the Very fter. IV. Hal), V.G., the Rev. J. A Co'tham, A.S.B,, and (be Re*. Luke JJrernioreof tbe Cistercian Order. AttUe closo of the Blase, tbe Bisbop recited the usual English prayer and deli?ereden instruction on the nature of the Sacrament be vras about (to Bdir.jni«tf>r. His text was chosen from Acts. chap. 8. "When (he Apostles bad beard that Samaria had received tbe word of God, they went to them Petpr and John, who, when they were come, prated for tbens that they might receive ibe Holy Ghost For be was cot, as yet, «ome upon any of them; but tbey w*re ONLY DIPUZED in the name o ftlie Lord Jo sua Then they i.«ro TtrerR hands upon theroaod ibey received the Holy Ghost," The ceremony throughout teas rerv imposing—tbe greatest piety and devotion was exhibited by the .communicants, and tho utmost order and attention by the vast congregation. Tho females wore deeply veiled in white veils of on uniform materia!, which added much to the solemnity of tbe ceremony, end the males were neatly attired sod arranged in tbe side pt-ws—iliey approached two by two to the ehar, before which tbe Bishop was seated with Mitre and Crosier end receiving the Chrism on their foreheads, separated to each eide of tbe altar, where two priests were in attendance to wipe the anointed forehead, and returned to their places in the Churcb. Tbe Bisbop concluded tbe ceremony by a very appropriate discourse, in which be asked ibera to join with bim in earnest prayer, " that they might not receive the grace of God in vain." These communicants were addressed apain in the evening by Faiber Coibam in b very eloquent discourse, snii a benedictioo followed. We understand there we/e not less than 500 communicants, all of whom had partaken of tbe Sacrament during the week—thev consisted of persons from every ranfc of life, and some at a very advanced age, which latter circumstance is consid- «ted as illustrative of the silent progress of Catholicity in Van Dtecnen's Land.—Co»j»Mm/cated. ROBBERY.—Thoraaa Medds, foreman for eleven years to Messrs, Richard Levis and Sons, has been apprehended on a charge of " weeding bis employers of several articles of value. He was detected on Saturday night Usi, by Goldsmith, Brown, and Taylor, of the detective police, in the shop of an old man named Moses King, (who lives next door to Mr. M'Crackeh, in Liverpool-street), with a bundle of black silk handkerchiefs concealed under his person, and a dozen of very beautiful worked silk gloves, which Air. Lewis baa idemfted. Other disclosures, as we learn, will be made in this case to a Urge amount, ftledd and King are botb in custody. Mr. Macdowetl is retained for Medd. Euprr HOUSES.—The effects of tbe late wholesale emigration to Pott Phillip snd other places by numbers of industrious people, who Cud it impossible to obtftin adequate employment here, is now becoming more and more visible, in the number of unoccupied houses in ulmost every street, 'ibis circumstance must, without doubt, press heavily ou the resources of many Landlords, who have, perhaps, ventured their nl in the erection of small tenements, little dreaming of the mischief preparing for tbem in the shape uf " orders from home."— THE STREET LAMPS— A GonsnNsttisr " ExttvotHHER!"—Taking on unwarrantable, and as we believe illegal, advantage of a 41 cunning 1y devised" clause in tbe contract for lighting the city, entered into with the executors of tbe late |\lr. Osborne— and vebieb contract has been performed to the public advantage and their entire sntisfaction—our very " paternu!" ? government has suddenly closed the bargain, and directed that the public lamps shall be taken from (heir posts!—and which has been done accordingly. Our city is thus deprived of the benefit of more thnu 100 lumps, at the particular period when we can have no light from tho moon, and when the peril of traversing the streets by night is increased by the utter d»rknes*, and the storms, prevalent during tb* periodical season of tbe equinoctial gales. This has been pufled as "Government Economy!"' Well—be it so. In dismal streets, only h .If-formed, and knee.deep in mud, which compose the outskirts of our city, we shall have accidents, assaults, strppi tobbeires. and burglaries innumerable'—thut's a fact! No doubt about it—we are gelling on. In our next we shall notice this subject as it deserves. PmcE C Rtir.M\—Letups aiodowti—lanterns oa the rise. Pistols And bludgeons ure much in ro quest. Locks, bolts, and bara areen^erly inquired , after;—lhey fetched high prices at Mr. Sirupey's sale on Monday last, and many repairs are doing. Nigkl-lights ate touch wuntml, and yelping curs are in demand, allhough there is a gieut consumption of these animals in the lock-up houbo* Nijjljt constables are uauUle to speculate from the impossibility of seeing Ihnr way, and lhiert>s nro doing a safe and lucrative stroke of business, which it is certain will increase vnatly. Public officers ore at a very high figure, hut business at a stand-still. Investments in tbe Governor's good intentions are at a ruinous discount ;—the holders of (his stock , are fast selling out. No Inisitiezs tc'iif/ever is doing at Go*erotn«f>n.t Houec, being well Jit up! Tho general aspect of the market is very bhek—no one can grope his way through it. THE WEA-THEH.—The Imrsh winds and dry weather which threatened total destruction to the crops in a large district atouud the capital, have been sinca Saturday followed,almost without intormiseion by soft genial rains, which have totally i bunged tbe appearance of the country. The yellow and sear look which was assumed by much of the grain has been replaced by rich grpen. Some of the early crops of bay will, we feur, fall short, having begun to ear prematurely, mid this without any growth of stem which could give even a moiety of a crop. i Where sircumstances would allow we think such pieces might be fed off with sheep or cattle, and thnt I the subsequent growth would yield an encre&sed; I quantity of produce. C. Chran. 