A BEAUTIFUL SPEECH. (From Simmond's Colonial Magazine.) AMONG the budget of curious papers we received by the last steamer from our attentive agent at Boston, was a copy of the Natchez Free Trader, on running over the columns of which we found a perfect gem of Indian eloquence. It pur- ports to be a speech of Colonel Cobb, the celebrated half-breed Chief of the Choctaws, made in reply to J. J. McRae, Esq., the agent for enrolling and emigrating the Indians to the West of the Mississippi, who had made a speech to the Indians, about one thousand in number, assembled at Hopahka, informing them that " their council fires no more could be kindled here ;" that " their warrior can have no field for their glory, and that their spirits will decay Perth them and that if they should take the hand of their great father, the President, which is now offered to them to lead to their- western bornes, then will their hopes be higher-their destinies brighter." The Natchez Courier appropriately says of this bit of eloquence, that for comprehensive- ness and brevity, for beauty of diction and force, for affecting sublimity and propriety of sentiment, they have never seen any production to exceed it. We publish it as a composition worthy to be preserved. " Speech of Colonel Cobb, Head Minge of the Cftoctaws East of the Mississippi, in reply to the Agent of the United States. " Brother-We have heard you talk as from the lips of our father, the great White Chief at Washington and my people have called upon me to speak to you. The red man has no books, and when he wishes to make known his views like his father before him, he speaks from his mouth. He is afraid of writing. When he speaks he knows what he says-the Great Spirit hears him. Writing is the inven- tion of the pale faces ; it gives birth to error and to feuds. The Great Spirit talks-we hear him in the thunder-in the rushing winds and the mighty waters but he never writes. "Brother-When you were young, we were strong ; we fought by your side ; but our arms are now broken. You have grown large-my people have become small. " Brother My voice is weak ; you can . scarcely hear me ; it is not the shout of a warrior, but the wail of an infant. I have lost it in mourning over the misfortunes of my people. These are their graves, and in those aged pines you hear the ghosts of the departed ; their ashes are here, and we have been left to protect them. Our warriors are nearly all gone to the far country west ; but here are our dead. Shall we go too, and give their bones to the wolves? " Brother-Two sleeps have passed since we heard you talk. We have thought upon it You ask us to leave our country, and tell us it is our Father's wish. We would not desire to displease our Father. We respect him, and you are his child : but the Choctaw always thinks, we want time to answer. " Brother Our hearts are full. Twelve winters ago our Chiefs sold our country. Every warrior that you see here was opposed to the treaty. If the dead could have been counted, it could never have been made ; but, alas ! although they stood around, they could not be seen or heard. Their tears came in the rain-drops, and their voices on the wailing wind ; but the pale faces knew it not, and our land was taken away. Brother We do not now complain. The Choctaw suffers, but he never weeps. You have the strong arm, and we cannot resist ; but the pale face worships the Great Spirit so does the red man. The Great Spirit loves truth. When you took our country, you promised us land. There is your promise in the book. Twelve times have the trees dropped their leaves, and yet we have received no land. Our houses have been taken from us. The white man's plough turns up the bones of our fathers. We dare not kindle our fires, and yet you said we might remain, and you would give us land. " Brother-Is this truth r But we believe, now our Great Father knows our condition, he will listen to us. We are as mourning orphans in our country ; but our Father will take us by the hand. When he fulfils his promise, we will answer his talk. He means well-we know it. But we cannot think now. Grief has made children of us. When our business is settled, we shall be men again, and talk to our Great Father about what he has promised. ' " Brother-You stand in the moccasins of a great chief ; you spoke the words of a mighty nation, and your talk was long. My people are small ; their shadows scarcely reach to your knee, they are scattered and gone ; when I shout, I hear my voice in the depths of the woods, but no answering shout comes back. My words therefore are few. I have nothing more to say, but to tell what I have said to the tall chief of the pale faces whose brother [Wm. Tyler of Virginia, brother to the President of the United States, recently appointed one of the Choctaw Commissioners.] stands by your side." 