from our sydney correspondent. The Governor having referred to the de cision of the Council, the question, whether the seat in the Legislature, vacated by D'Arcy Wentworth, Esq., be still vacant, the subject matter was ru-ucuuiL'U on it cuueauay, tutu, us u matter of course, (consistent with the feelings previously manifested) a majority of the House declared that the said seat is still vacant. Mr. Berry, with his peculiar eccentricity of manner, violently opposed the course taken by the Coun cil, disporting in all the imaginable tropes and figures of denunciations and anathemas on the head of the " mem ber for the Church of England," for the prominent part he had taken in the proceedings. The opinion of many persons (out of the Council) learned in the law agree with the Attorney-General that the Council could not entertain this' question iu the way in which it was sub mitted to them — and, so far as I may offer an opinion, I think the Attorney- General takes a correctvicw of the case. Nor arc the probable >olitica) conse quences of such a precedent less to be deprecated. It is fraught with many serious evils. The precedent is a dan gerous one, and may be most iniquitously employed. The constituents are re solved to return Mr. Grant again, should he be so disposed. But I fear his energy of character is gone. As a practical politician and efficient representative member, I think Mr. Grant is very far from being a top sawyer, but the Coun cil have claimed an arbitrary power, and having used that power in a summary, discourteous manner, I should like to sec the electors assert their rights and privileges. It must, however, be ad mitted, that Mr. Grant and his friends have managed the affair in a very bung ling style. A compromise will be effected respect ing the Tariff Bill — duty on foreign spirits 6s. per gallon ; on all other spirits, British imported, and colonial distilled, 3s. 6d. A slight concession is thus made by the Executive, (a shilling a gallon) although for any beneficial pur pose, such concession will be valueless. Contraband nracticcs will trtJ on as briskly as heretofore — indeed in respe: t of licensed distillers I think these practices will increase. They are much less protected now than before, and therefore the greater will be the induce ment to evade payment of the duties; or if this be not the case, licensed dis tillation will be little more than nominal, if it be not altogether discontinued while this Act is in force, which will be two years. By that time I have no doubt the Executive will have recognised the necessity of a further reduction iu the duties. The Distillation Amended Act has, in consequence of the strong expressions of adverse feeling from the public, quite altered in aspect. The Colonial Secre tary and the Collector of Customs ad mit that many of the clauses would be impracticable, and that the bill, in various other respects, is extremely de fective. Counsel will be heard against the measure at the bar of the House to day. I expect this bill, like several others in embryo, will be laid under the table till next session. One thousand pounds have been voted for building a Lunatic Asylum at Mel bourne, the Colonial Secretary ex pressing his intention to promote the speedy erection of this building by all the means in his power, and £250 for a Botanical Garden at the same place. The compensation sums to Messrs. Miles, Windeycr, and Police Clerks have been lespectively voted. 1 do think this a most profligate expenditure of the public money, and a most indecent treatment of the City Council. But the fact is, there has been an under current at work among certain of the honorable members and their friends. It needs no ghost to tell us that. The Report of the Select Committee on the powers of Legislation and Taxa tion posses-ed by the judges of the Su preme Court, is like stopping the press i to announce that they lui,\: nothing new \ to communicate ! The said report rtat- ing that the Committee wire not ready to report ! and something about what can be done next session ; a pleasant refuge for weather bound legislators. The Bill to repeal so much of the local ordinances now in existence as rest the appropriation of the Ordinary Re venue elsewhere, than in the Legisla ture, will also be one of the groups transferred to " next session." After a most elaborate speech by Mr. Wcul- worth, in moving the second reading, the House was counted out ; so that there will not now be sufficient time to go over the ground again during the present sittings. This is a very com fortable summary way of disposing of an obnoxious measure. South Australian ores arc to be ad milted here duty free ; no great sacrifice is herein made — but the principle is politic. The Cgtarrh Act may be con sidered as passed. In discussing the vote for supporting schools, (of which sum your share is £950, for all denominations,) Mr. Lowe said, that the priesthood, as a body, were inevitable the most virulent, in tolerant, inconsistent bodies on the the earth! A time Bill, I fear. Ho norable members arc waxing uneasy to be off. Mr. Lawson "'couldn't stand it any longer." lie applied for and obtained learc of absence for six weeks, to proceed to his stations in lite interior. The Northumberland scat is very sharply contested. So far, as returns have been made from the several polling places ; Hangar is the favorite, and there is no doubt that lie will be the happy individual. He is a man of or dinary education, good common sense, and he is independent in his circum stances. Sir George's withdrawal from this government, continues to be confi dently asserted by what is called " un questionable authority,!' and I therefore suppose there is some truth in the state ment. Buildings are going on briskly in all parts of the town, so that if these arc to be taken as signs and tokens of im provement, we are decidedly going ahead. To-morrow the grand civic elec tioneering bout comes off ; in all the wards the result is more doubtful than on any previous occasion — each candi date is confident of success, and is ready to "back Iiis opinion," by that con clusive mode, peculiar to Joltr Bull, of laying a wager thereupon The hatters will ply a brisk trade for a day or two, for the number of " new hats" depending on the issue is most exten sive. A large proj ortion of each ward mote will come out as sprucelv tiled as the fraternity of London postmen on the Queen's birth-day. I think, how ever, that the result will be Gannon, for Bourkc Ward ; Walker, for Gipps' Ward; Jenkins, for Phillip Ward; llyndes, Little, and Titterton, for lhe other three Wards respectively have no opposition. The cfirunlery of Doctor (!) Duigan, (late an insolvent settler with his creditors for, I believe, two shillings in the pound, and three years to pay it,) in presenting himself as Councillor in presenti, and Mayor in future, is really astounding. I can not think so foully of the electors as to have the faintest apprehension that the v will elect him. To use his own words, it is to be hoped the electors will " show their just sense of the intended insult, 1 for " II c must he brief when traitors brave the field." A circumstance has lately occurred which rentiers it almost certain, that Mr. Broughton will not be the next year's Mayor. I think it highly proba ble that Mr. Allen will be re-elected. I think that would be the most judicious thing to do. The French Corvette, " Lc Rhin," 2-1 guns, (here about a year and a hall ago,) lias put in to be hove down for general repairs. Sho will be put forth with on the patent slip, if there be sufficient space to receive her, which 1 doubt. We arc much in want of a dry dock for men of war, and 1 find Mr. Robinson intends to move au address to the Governor to cause one to be con structed. The Rhin will be here about three months; this will do us some good, although mounsccr is not generally flush in cash. News from New Zealan 1 to the 12lii instant; all quit t as in all like casts. The arrival of the new Coventor, Cap tain Grey, is awaited with great anxiety, as bringing a panacea for all, and every thing. Various aerial edifices art: in process cf construction lor thai settlement, when the expected "olden era shall have been brought about. It is to be hoped that these exhihraling anticipations may be realised. Fur myself, 1 don't expect this 111 Dorado will ever (in classic phraseology) " come to anything." The Martha and Jslizabclh, from your settlement, sailed yesterday. A great deal of smoked glass is in requisition this morning to "make ob servations" on the eclipse of the sun. 