Domestic intelligence. Horse Stealing. — A warrant for the apprehension of a horse dealer named Reardon, a well known character in Mel- bourne, on a charge of horse-stealing in van Diemen's Land, has been received by the SCOUT. The horse, it seems, was stolen on the Launceston side of the country, taken over to Hobart Town, and shipped thence to this port by the SISTERS, the scamp contriving to do the master of that vessel out of both his passage money and the freight of the horse. Reardon is off it is supposed to Sydney, the last in- telligence of his whereabouts received in town, being the ludicrous details of a duel, fought with blank cartridges, in which the hero got involved at Kilmore. The Port Phillip Districts Councils. — The Geelong Advertiser says:—" In connection with the subject of the validity of the District Charter, we may mention that— in a late number of the- London Times; we find -that -her- Majesty has altering, and. amending certain ela-uses-in their old charter. This fact1 serves to overturn the'doctrine .propounded by the. colonial lawyers, "that -a charter"," after .being issued, cannot be revoked or altered That the Queen has such powers ap pears " unquestionable, but it may be doubted whether she has conveyed them to Sir George Gipps. If she has not, Sir. George can no doubt obtain them for the asking." Our contemporary's law is not of the. first water.. Sir George Gipps derives his powers of charter — issuing not from the Queen hut the Parliament, and Her Majesty, cannot - come to his Excellency's aid excepting through that medium. By the way iri the debate in the Legislative: Council on . Dr.' Lang's motion for a grant of one thousand pounds for the Pqrt Phillip road, which appears in another column, a fact is men tioned which is of importance as con nected with this matter. It will . be re collected that the mail bringing the charters . of the District Councils : of Bqurke and Grant were carried off by the flood, and though it was subsequently re covered,- it was found that the action of the " water had reduced the charters to mere waste pieces of parchment," ahd they had in consequence to he re -issued, a power which, it turns out, the Governor cquld not exercise ; the flood, therefore, did the province the good service of nullifying the charters of the District Councils of Bourke and Grant. — Ed. M. C. District Council of Grant.— The District .Council held a quarterly meeting yesterday afternoon. Present, one mem ber, who voted himself into the chair, and moved, seconded, and carried a motion for the adjournment of the meeting. — Geelong Advertiser, September 3. Sheep. — The Sheep, per Scout, last trip, realised 20s. per head at Launceston, Meat was scarce; and both sheep and cat tle on the rise in price. ; .- - . The Supreme Court.— The case Sprott v. Fyans ' has been "settled, out-of -court the plaintiff, who has gained his object in showing the responsibility; of the Crown Lands Cqmrnisioriers for their acts tq the squatters, having, given up his claim to tne , verdict. Yan Diemen's Land.— ThALegislative Council of Van Diernen's Land stands adjourned till the 21st Optoher, waiting despatches from Dow ning- street. A peport vyas current that Mr. Bicheno, the Colonial Secretary, was about to resign; and Captain Forster, was spoken of as his successor. Roderic O'Connor", Esq., M.C., succeeding to the office of Comptroller- General of Convicts. - Bail Court, London; (April 19, 1845.) — Murray v. The Queen in Error.— In this case a Captain Murray was, in the year 1815, convicted of bigamy, and trans- ported for seven years, and hath ever since resided in New South Wales. Mr. P. White, now applied for a rule to shew cause why the judgment against him should not be reversed on the ground of error. Mr. Justice Coleridge said, as the Captain had suffered 30 years to elapse before he came to the Court, he would not ibterfere. The Learned Counsel might, if he pleased, mention the case to the full Court. The applicant in this case is Mr. Robert Lathrop Murray, of Hobart Town, lately Editor of Murray's Review. Mr. Murray was at one period a Captain in the Guards. — Ed. M. C.] The Colonial Press.— The Parramatta Chronicle is in the market. The new Hobart Town journal the Herald of Tas- mania has given up the ghost. Libel.-— The action brought by Mr. Isaac Simmons, of Sydney, against Messrs. Kemp and Fairfax, the proprietors of the Sydney Morning Herald, for the publication in that journal of an alleged libel upon the plaintiff, imputing to him that he had to sea a vessel called the Caroline, with a great number of passen- gers on board, in an unseaworthy state, was tried in the Supreme Court, Sydney, on the 29th and 30th ult., and terminated in a verdict for the defendants who had pleaded a justification. We congratulate our contemporary and the Colony gener- ally at this result, for the dreadful catas- trophe which lately occurred in the case of the Mary shews if imperatively neces- sary that something should be done for the protection of human life against the heart- less cupidity of ship brokers, and the Sydney Morning Herald deserves well of the community for exposing such nefari- ous practices. Who SHALL dec1ue WHEN'DoCTORS DISr agree.— The" Daily Patriqt givqs : up the ghost at the expiry of the present quarter, and is to be- succeeded by a twice.or thrice a week publication of the same name; — Melbourne Courier, August 2p; We beg leave to notify to our gentle public that the assertion in the Melbourne Courier that! the daily paper is to be discontinued is' a ) deliberate falseh(5oi> 'on'" the part of William JCerr.— Port Phllip Patriot, August 26. On the 1st of October next, the Patriot falls back to his. old days . of publication, viz. Monday, Wednesdays and Friday j . our prophesy .pf the im possibility of the Patriot's paying as a daily publication is, on the eve- of being fulfilled. — -Port Phillip Herald, September 9. The Burgess Roll.— The Burgess Lists being now completed, are exposed in various places throughout the different Wards forthe inspection of the Burgesses, with a view to ' their correction at the Revision Courts. The comparative num bers of burgesses on the old and new lists is as follows: 5 : 1 1844 1845 Lonsdale Waril.. ......... .. 191 244 La Trobe Ward. . . ......... 199 ' 187 Bourke Ward. ......... .... 157. . 83 . Gipps Ward. .... ... . . . ... 122 101 It will be seen from this return thai there is a falling off in the number of burgesses in every Ward in the Town but Lonsdale Ward, which is largely inf c.eased by the accession of South 'Melbourne, St. Kilda, &c.; The falling off is greatest in Bourke Ward which is reduced nearly one half, oiving to the valuators of that Ward hay ing (as it were to make amends for the original valuation which was twenty-five per cent, over any other Ward in the Town) valued it now ridiculously low/ The actual change in the constituencies of all the Wards. Will be found to he eveii greater than 'the alteration 'i 11 the number of burgesses would lead us to suppose, there being' a coiisidefablp;. accession"; of new names, and large 'numbers '--'of the: o r " ohie ct io n s m u s c' tie loci ged with the Town Clerk before the' 15th instant. THE PATRIOT.— It is reported in Town that the Patriot has become the property of Mr. G. D. Boursiquot, the exemplary Editor of the Standard, and, that, with the close of the current quarter, Mr. J. P. Rawkner retires from his brief occupancy of the Editorial chair, haying learned the lesson of his unfitness for such a post, at an expense which it is just as well not to name. What becomes of the Standard we have not heard, but it is probable Mr. Fawkner's late "employee," Mr. McCackling will make love to its remains. Eastern Hill Episcopil Church. — A meeting of the subscribers to the pro jected new ..Episcopal Cburch, on the Eastern Hill, was held, on Si'urday last, at which J. D. Pinnock, and R. W. Pohl- man> Esquires were elected trustees in the room of A. Andrew, and R. S." Webb, Esquires, resigned. ' j: ' Gang of Burglars.— Ihe Chief Con stable has succeeded du ring;.the past week in apprehending no less tli|ii twenty-indi viduals having stolen property in their possession; twelve of whom stand com mitted for trial at the next' criminal ses- sions. ' . j " The r T own - S u rveyorsii: p-. — There are three candidates in the fi ell for the office of Town Surveyor, vacant jy the resigna1 tion of Mr. W. W. Howe, viz., Messrs. Robert Rfissell, Charles iaing, and' W. R. Weekes. . The Special Committee ap pointed to report on the applications meets to-day., I ' , The Northumberland B.irouhhs. — Mr. C. H. Chambers has retiredffom the con test for the Northumberland.. Boroughs in favour of a new candidal whose name had not transpired, but it ps said to be Mr. Fisher, the barrister, jv ho is a son- in-law of Mr. W. C. Wentworth, the member for Sydney. j News.— Mr J. P. Fawkter has recently been elected an alderman Melbourne ! —Launceston Advertiser.! 