LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. We noticed the receipt of English news at Hobart Town to the 8th March, per Mount Stewart Elphinstone, which ar- rived in the Derwent on the 17th June. The papers, however, do not extend be- yond the 5th March, Sir John Franklin has been gazetted to the command of the North Polar expedi- tion. The Erebus and Terror have been fitted with screw propellers for that ser- vice, and Commander Owen Stanley ap- pointed second in command. Her Majesty returned from Brighton on the 21st February, and held a Levee on the 5th of March at St. James. An- other was to be held on Wednesday 12th. We have heard, from a source gene- rally well-informed, that it is the inten- tion of Government to make a retired list for the Navy in all its grades — after each officer had reached his 60th year. Her Majesty in Council has appointed Sir M. Montefiore (a Jew) to the office of High Sheriff of Kent. Mr. Sidney Herbert, was re- elected M.P., for South Wilts on the 29th Feb., without opposition. A new test has been proposed for the University of Oxford, by which the can- didate binds himself to read the thirty- nine Articles in the sense in which they were originally put forth, and are at the time explained to him. Earl Grey who had been for some time in a most precarious state of health, is now fast recovering. On the 21st of February, notice was given by the Post Office authorities, that an additional postage of 4d. per half ounce over the present charge on letters, and 2d. on every newspaper, will com- mence on the first of March. This charge will apply to all letters and news- papers to and from Australia, Bourbon, Cape of Good Hope, China, Hongkong, Java, Madagascar, Mauritius, New Zea- land, Sumatra, and Van Diemen's Land. We have, however, reason to believe (says the Hobart Town Advertiser,) that this increase on postage only applies to letters and papers by the overland mail. In Ireland ' things ' were tolerably quiet ; but Repeal, it was said, had not given up the ghost. O'Connell had de- clared that the new secretary, Sir T. Freemantle, "is a very nice man for a small tea party." Despite the opposition of Mr. Shunk, the new Governor of Pennsylvania, the legislature of that place had, (to its cre- dit be it recorded), voted the payment of " the debt," so severely, so sarcastically, and so eloquently commented upon by the late Sydney Smith. To the number of illustrious dead his name is now added — living only, it would seem, until he saw the Pennsylvanian " repudiators" roused to a sense of honesty — Australian 