LECTURES BV THIS LOUD BISHOP OF TASAiAMA. The Lectures of J he Lord Bishop Tasmania upon the di<imj?uishir)« doctrines of the Anulcan and Romish Churches have bnen lately resumed, nnd have attrm'ted all the attention which their important i:hurnr.ter deserves. We purpose, therefore, to ronMnue our reports nf them, beginning with the two lecture* upon Transubslantiatiun rtcenlly delivered:— St. Matthi.w, xxvi ch.,36,27 & 2ft verses,—'" And as they wfreeuting, Jesua look bread.and bleSBed it, and brake it, and gave it to his disciples, end asid, take, eat; this is vny body. AnJ he took the cup, and gave thanks, hdo gave it tu them, saying, drink ve all of it; (or this is my blood of the New Testament which is shed for many for the remission of sins." The cbiet disagreement between the Churches of England and Home respecting the Sacrament of the Eucharist is that which regards the substance of the ale menu of bread and wtae, ibt> extent of the change irrought upon them by conaeciation. The Church of England teacbea that those elements svmlwlicaltu represent 1 he body and btood of Christ, while the Church of Home declares ibat they are actually end entirety cliotiged iu tbfir essential qualities, anrf hecoate tl/e very material um\ aubntuntirf) flesh and blood of Christ. To this alleged change is given the name of Tranaubstaniiation.. I'hetnsin points of digagreerutiit, therefore, are as tu the morfe of Cbiist** presence io that Holy SsrrftWfnt and as to the kind of change wrought upon the etemen's. Really, but spiritually bftliere Christ to bo present with all faithful cottnjuoicams. Thus, white our Church declares m her CBtechism, that "the body end blood of Christ are ren)y and in deed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper," yet she in careful to add iu thu 28th Article, that the "body of Christ is given, takun, and eaten, io the supper only after a heavenly and spiritual manner; tmd the mean whereby the hody 1 of Christ is received sad eaieu in the supper is faith " So it is with the change • we believe that the elements, by consecration, undergo a moral change, as do all things consecrated and s*t apart to God—BB for inktsoce the water in baptism which we pray to him to " sanctify io the mystical wubhiag awt-y of am.*' Chuiches and buiialgroundsundeigo alike change —tbe former in being set apart for the peculiar worship of God—tbe latter for the reception after death of our bodies which are the : temples of the Holy Ghost. It is ao aiao with tbe ecclesiastic, who diQers from the lavmen in being consecrated iu an essential manner to the aervico ol God. Such is the change wbicb we beiiere the consecrated elements to hare undergone—a change which devotes to em to the most solemn and sacreil ! pvrposB, and which would preclude any pious Christian from using them in a maoner secular or profane. The Church of Rome, on the other hand, declares ibe change to bepfttftt<w{—ib&t; (he bread is changed into the actual body, end the vine into the actual blood of Christ. Hence the consecrated elemeuts ere, amongat them, earned about in tbe ceremony of the ** Elevation of the Host," for the adoration of the people, wbp think themselves bound (and if they, conscientiously be)ieve the doctrine of Transubsiannation, properly ao,) to worship them as the real hody and blood of Christ present amongst them. limber than consider this question with regard to any contradictions, supposed or rest, or any alleged impostbilitiea, 1 think it sale to try it by two aeteral teats; one of interpietatioo, the other of fact. First: W belter the doctrine itaelf i« script oral; and Secondly: Whether it was that of tbe aocieot Church. And if we can, satisfactorily io oorsaivea, make oat a case in the negative, then are *eju$ti. Bed in entertaining the profession of our fyretathbri against tbe Church wbo holds such doctriaes. To take by themselves the scripture words—*' ibis is my body, ibis is my Wood"— they are capable of (he interpretation tiut <i(taa ihem Cburob; for as no one can deny thiit, n;i strict rules «f grai&mir;, they may uodersruod hteidily, as the t'hurch of Rome ut>der*tanu$ ihem—so no one conversant »itb orietnei a,->eet!b and thft parsbuiio lahguap^ of-ecriptur* can deny thsr, jrt tlie airjet principles of rkeionti, tbsy May be undefitood figuratively,as'the Church of EugHntlundersiaud® constsntly mtng such figures. The who^e Bible aboands with expressions «rrdect}y metapboricsl; God, for instance, being called a sun, a shield, &c; end Christ, a vine, a door, a war, a rodk, jto;-- expressione which the Catholic of tbe Cburch of England interprets metaphorically, and vmicbaeem to him to correspond with "this is my bMy '&c.; but which, if this he toerattv interpreted, must, hy analog t. be literally (indaratood alai. Christ does not more explicitly say of tbe bread •• this is my body/' than St. Paul, speaking o^the rock whereof the Israelites drank in the ^ilderness, aaya, " that rock was Christ" This I at tar expression may es aafely he literally interpr«ed as tbe former; end thus, if once wo permit |departuie from something }jke a 5 egulat- system of loterpretBtion, tbe wildest fancy can uae Soripi»a-e at pleasure for tbe aupport ol its most extravagant theories. Tbe interpretation of the Church of England is founded on strict analogy—pet of the Church of Rome, on arbitrary variation. Another proof of tbe correctness of turviewof the passage is a consideration of tbe woi^euaed by God at the inatitation of ibe Passover, ^hich Sacrament, amongst the Jews, corresponded with the Christian one of the Holy Communidi; and of circumcission, which corresponds to ib» Christian yapriem. In the Janer case, before Abraham was circumcigrd, God said to him, " this ii my covenan: betfrizt me and thee;*' and, ia the former, "it Is tbe Lord'e Passover/ 1 —eapresaio^a ao used because they were to be repeated afterwerds by tbe people when they did celebrate those Sacraments. A adeo h is that the bread in the Eucharist is aiyled the body broken" to represent to all f|ture ages ages his hody broken for them; ant the wine 4 1 blood shed"—as tbe perpetual memorial of his blood shed and separated from his body on tbe cross. Mart are, also, suppose that He who came to fulfil tbe u'hofe law would m ke his last dyiog act a breach of one of its express commands, which forbade the use of hlood, in any forn , to the Jew ? And, if he gire his Apostles such a charge ia it prohoble that they would, after his deaib, renew the prohibition to their converts " to abstain from things strangled, and from blood V' And, yet farther. Ai 'he institution of the £u« charfct, as recoided by Sr. Matthew, Christfiimseif says of the wine contained in the cup—aftar its consecration—after lie hud s^iJ fh>* is my blood, in the very next verse—" 1 will not drinl< bencafortb of this fruit of the vine until thai «Uy when if drink H anew with you in my Fotber's kingdom.'' Thus we have Christ's own declaration that u is still fruit of the vine; and who will dare to contradict it ? And in like manner St, Paul, in 1 Cor. ti, 26,27, wjib regard to the bread, after consecration, speaks ol this hi end—adding his testimony to Christ's in support of our interpretation. We have thus on the one band tbe Church of Rome declaring (bat the bread after consecration is 6esh; on the other, St. Paul declarijg that it is 6till brpfld. On the one hand thoChuich of Home declaring that the wineafter cnnsecrathn is blood ; on the other, Christ himself declaring that it is still the fruit of the vine. But, before these circumstances, Christ used the Sftme figurative language (.!<>bo v:f 48) where the Jews understood him literally \ and where, if we interpret literally, his expressions at the in* aiitution of the Lord's suppor, we must,by analogy, understand him literally still. Again ; it was prophesied that his "flesh should not see corruption,'—n prophesy of which St. Peter announced the fulfilment it the fiesb of Cbiiat; hut. if Transubstantiation he true, the houyof Christ in the Euchmiat, whether ilbeeaten or no is liable to coirupacn; thus 1 tailing us to a mode of exposition which directiycentradicts tfoiy Scriptures; while, if ire adopt the figurative io* terpefation, we may cull tbe celebration of the Lord's Supper a spiritual sacrifice ofiered up to God in the eBme way as our prayers and our veiy bodies which we «re commended to offer as a living sacrifice— h >1y, acceptable to God. The priest in ihe Kom«ah Church offers op "the literal body end blood of Christ to God, as 8 true and proper expiatory sacrifice for tbe quick and the dead." Thus is Christ, if Transnbstantiation he true, reptaiedly offered, daily, hourly ; but Scripture tells us (Heb. ix, 3P; x, 10; 1 Peter, iii, 18) that Christ hath once suffered to hear our ains. We have only to decide between ihe Apostles and the Church of Home. j 1 Riir jA&r; wo should be mistaken in this let us see what west held by theChurcb in tbe n^cs Nearest to the A pnsiles times ; if we find (heir doctrine«o be similar to ours—and tf we can trace the progress of 1 the Iiomish opinion, end even fix tbe date of its ; origin—then is (he Protestaut doctrine the ancient and tbe true; the Romish, the novel and the spurious. IX.—OK TftANSCDSTANTTATION. Matthew, xxvi, 26, 7, G. We have now to enquire whether Transubsfsntiation was held by the ancient Church as is maintained hy the Church of Home. The first evidence which 1 ahall bring forward on this 4 point is, that of Julian tbe Apostate, who lived about the middle of the fourth century. This mnu was n hapiited Christian, and rausr, therefore, considering the great Advance in christian knowledge 'cquisi'e before adinrtance to baptism in those times, b<>ve been well acquainted witb all tbe mva eries of our religion. After coraifig io power be published a hook, wbicb has been substantially preserved, ridiculing the Chrtaiane and scoffing at tbeir re iyion. Amongst other subjects he laughs at them for saying; that Christ bad once been sacrificed in their behalf, *nd that consequently they themselves offered up no sacrifices; aud though he treads thus on the very point in question, he never dllud^a to Transubstantiation—a doctrine which it is natural to think be would not have passed over in silence, had it then obtained- Tbe chnrgo moreover, which ii ia well known, was brought aguinst the Christians of eating flesh and blood, was hy th^m tndignanlW denied arid no such exception made as the Humanists wotfM gire. Tbe doctrine began to be first entertained &g; pri. rate opinion in the ninth cenmrv, by Peschagjud, a monk. wh<> asserted that nothing remain?'! of the symbols of bread and wiue alter concecr«tion hut tilts outward form, but that the boav and blood of Christ were locally preKeoT. It was opposed by , niMiiy learned men j and advocated bv Gregory i VII. and other a. The term Tr .utuh- tMtiaiiim was invented by Innocent lit, A.D., r<,'t.\ when the doctrine was embraced as an article of J\ii(b by the Romish Church. Aauer'ing tlie doctrine as we hold it, we have I Justin in the second century ; Cyril of Jerusalem in the fourth, wbo with Trenteus and others, ii of, opinion that the cbansre wrought in tbe elements hy consecration, is similar to tbe change produced in the altar, church, &c.;, by the same ceremony Tettullian and Clement of Alexandria in the second century ; Cyptian in the third, Cbrvscstotn and Augustine in the fourth, TU*odoret 'in the &hbt; lipbrim and Facundus in the sixth—adding the testimony of antiquity to scripture on our side. We are cnotent to easert lbs fact of Christ's presence in the Sacrament; the Church of Rome takes it up and totff define it. We believe and adore in silence She must needs dive into the counsola &f; God ai»d explain bis ways. We merely assert the thing—>she the manner, and by beingovercurious falls into error. In the words of Bishup Tavlor, • The question is not whether /he svmbuls be changed into Christ's body and hlood, but whether any such conversion be sacramental and figurative or nature) end bodily. Tbe qsestion is not u helhar CbrUt be really taken, hut whether he be taken in a spiritual or natural manner " We say thai the conversion is figurative, roystp. rioua, end aacramental ; they say it is proper, natural, and corporeal. We #9irm tbst Christ is really taken bv faith, by tbe spirit, tf> all real effeiU oj hit fission. They «ay, ** He)«taken by the mouth, and that tbe spiritual and virtual taking Him in Tirtae. or effect, though done in the Sacrament, is notaufficienC Tbe decision remain® to be made between scripture and antiquity on tbe one side, and the Church of flome on tbe other. I Jut besides these arguments, there are other serio-jg objections to the dor.trine. Traosuhatanlialion, if it be true, is « miracle. Bat God does not work miracles for nothing, they hive always been performed hy him as evidences of ibe divine mission of some one—as with Moses and El tab a j end as be enabled tbe Apostle* to work them at tbe first preaching of the Gospel as a ennfirmnuoo of ita truth. When he does perform them, it is an done that men cannot bn mistaken of tbe fact; tbe lairs nf nature er«t visibly inverted. A teal imtacle ihen, is fierformed is prove something ; but Trmsuhaiantiation «o far Irum proving anything, a» being no inuiftfri* miracle ia unable to prove its own truth and reality. H has been said before hat the Church of Home, as believing in the actual 1 raneubattDliation of the ere idolaters—materially not formally—either Transubstantiation ia true, or they bow down in idol a-1 troui adoration to the work of men a hands. Befoe such a course then is adopted, the proofs of tbe doctrine should be clear and iaditpotable—men should not on alight grounds run tbe risk of committing ao great a sin. God /orb'd that if it were tiuewe should refuse to pay him due honor, hut finding our position a right one by the tests of scripture and primitive antiquity, and even by the testimony of the Church's most sub'leend hitter enemy—the Apostate Julian—we muat avoid the danger and continue firmly to believe that we sptriluolJy eat Christ's flesh and drink bis blood, and that so he is one with us and we in him. m.—on UUOE wonsntr. The Bislinp's Lectures on Transuhstantiati.m have been followed hy one on Image Worahip, as enjoined and practised by the Church of Rome His Lordship commenced by ao instructive sketch of the rise and progress of idolatry in tbe world, its •prevalence among tbe Israelites, and its final extirpation from amoogtbem. Had the children of Israel been unaccustomed to the sight of idol worship in Egypt, and simply known that the Egyptiaus did not acknowledge the God of the Hebrews, it would have been sufficient to have forbidden them to adore any other God, without adding the second commandment. The second commandment forbida emblems, statues, pictures, symbols of all kinds, meant to represent Deity, Against this commandment the Israelites sinned in setting up the golden calf, intended by them no doubt to bea representation of tbe trae Goa. j Fur we cannot suppose that they meant to avow j tbeir belief that the molten call which Aaron had made before their very eyes, wbb actually the God who had so signally delivered them They were resolved to have, as otber nations had, an emblem* I atic representation to put them in mind of God, " whom no man bath seen, nor csn see." They bod tbeir own way—and they suffered for it. | It were well for the fame uf Christ'a HolyCatho- ] lie Church if every branch had been careful to attend | to tbe Divine commands in thid reaneci j to turn > to God from idols like the Thussolouian converts ol S\ Paul, and to enter into the true spirit of St. 4 I John's aflectioonto declaration, 1 Little children . keep yourselves from idols '' Images soem to have * been introduced into Churches in the fifth century; and it was probably first done to preserve the rej meuibranee, and do honour to the memory of departed Saiots. It was impossible to look at these ' interesting representations, standing in places con aecraled to the service of r >od, without feeling some I degree of respect; that respect wna gradually ( heightened into reverence, nnd at last ended in absolute worship; so that Christians who in the first ages were reproached hy tbe heathen for not , having images, were iu the seventhceotuty accused ' by tlie Jews, ond even hy Mahometans, of the grossest idolatry. In the following century began the famous controversy about the breaerng of image*, which was carried oo tor more than a hundred years with the greatest eagerness and Hnimosity bo»b in the Eust and in tli9 West. Different j Popes and different Councils notwithstanding their I pretension* to infallibility, espoused different sides : of the question; but at length, after much oncer* : tainiy und fluctuation of opposite interests, those i who csn'ended for the lawfulness of worshipping I images prevailed, end from that time Image Worship ' has been an established doctrine of the Church of , Home. I But let tbe Church of Home speak for herself; | and give her own interpretation of the resson I why she udvo arcs the ejection and veneration of j images in Churches. " I most firmly declare*' is i the language of the 9th article of the Creed of Pope j Pius IV, " that the Images of Christ, and also of | the ever blessed Virgin Mary, are to he had and retained ; ond that due respect and veneration are to be 6tiewo to them/' " Not" as she declares in the twenty-fifth Session of ihe Council of Trent, *' not that there ia in them any divinity, or virtue, on the score of which they are to be worshipped; hut because the honour which is paid to them ia re* ferred to tbe prototypes which they represent; so that through the medium of the lm«t;e which we , embrace, and before which we uncover tbe head, | and bow, we muy adore Christ." I Some such explanation of tbeir conduct would ' the childien of Israel have given at Horeb. A difference of opinion exists between ourselves and the Roman Catholics respecting the mode of . «i<frirt«f(g (be Commandments. A charge has been 1 brought against thern, that they SfSieraaiically omit tbe second commandment because it is inconsistent with their practice of setting up and venerating graven images and pictures. The case 6eeras to be this. 7'iie Hom/tfh Church adopts the division of the Commandments which was in use in the time of St, Augustine—joining the two first as one— and splitting the laet into two; in this division the? have been followed by ihe Lutheran Church, Wo, on the other hand, at the Reformation, adopted that division which aeetned to have been most anciert. The Scripture lays down no precise rule as to the division of the Commandments. Tne Venerable Bede, in the eighth century, gives both divisions. But afterwards the f loin tab division gradually prevailed in the Anglo-Ssron Church; aud it is remsrkeMe that the Honiisb worship of images became proportionally prevalent. In ihe early dsys of the Reformation the ma ter remained unsettled, until the present division was established in 151-9. lfence the ertor of the Church of Rome is not in tbe division, hut in the neglect of all notice of the prohibition contained in the Commandments in her Shor/er Catechisms and Summaries for the unlearned. And wbeo it is remembered that in countries where public opinion goes hand in hand with the peculiar views of the Roman Catholic Church, tbe study of the Bible (ihe only sure corrective vf error) ia diveouraged 8t least, and very commonly forbidden totbe l»itv,—we roust conclude that (here are thousands upon thousands who are ignorant, to their dying day, that God b>is forbidden them their universal practice of bowing down before the graven image. Thar this is no imngmarv danger, any teaident ia Roman Catholic countries, conversant with tho habits nnd opiuions of the lower classes, curi abundantly testify. His Lo'dship closed his impressive argument with a solemn appeal to those who were undecided upon the matter in h<ind, urging the danger snd peiii of idolatry under every form—the insidious nature of tbe Bin—und its destructive effects on the Church that fosters it. 