AINSWORTH'S « ST. JAMES'S ; OR, STHE COURT OF QUEEN ANNE." Sir Walter Scott, in 1826, on his way from Abbotsford to London, read during liis journey, and with interest, lie tells us, Sir John Chiverton and Bramble tye House, " Novels in what I may surely claim as the style ' Which I was born to introduce, Refined it first, and shewed its use.' They are both clever books," he adds; " one in in imitation of the days of chi valry, the other dated in the time of the Cival Wars, and introducing historical cha racters." Sir John Chiverton was the juvenile pro duction, and an able one it is, of William Harrison Ainsworth, then a boy aspirant for honors in the realms of literature. It made some stir at the time, was in great demand at the circulating-libraries, and deserved its reputation. Little, however, did Scott foresee the future celebrity of its author. There is a very large class of readers who delight in novels, and in novels only. They have no idea of a library beyond a circulating library, and their run of read ing is only varied by the monthly allowance of magazines aud miscellanies. Publishers pander too much to the appetites of this very large class of readers. They pay them best; they are sure through circulating- libraries of a certain sale, and the adven ture may perhaps turn out a goodly argosy. Young ladies bewilder their brains with novels of love; they, read and never think, but catch up, as they hurry on, the pretty parts of the dialogue or the more remark able situations in the story. The moral of the author, if he has one, is overlooked in the interesting nature of the narrative, or skipped over like the moral that is set apart as if for Sunday reading at the bottom of a fable. Fictitious stories of love can profit but little to the reader where every thing is told for effect rather than for information. No one can dine daily from a dish of sweet meats. The wing of a boiled chicken and a slice of tonge is tasteless stuff for girls to grow into women from. The mind wants just as strong nourishment as the body. Red Rovers, Celestinas, Lovels , teach little but false sentiment, false situations, and the pinchbeck language of fashionable so ciety. It has always appeared to us that some thing should be done to elevate the minds of a very large class of circulating- library readers. The cure, however, when wrought must be done by small doses at a time. The magazines (the best current literature circulating-libraries afford) effect something and are working a good slowly but surely. In Maga and Regiria the reader will find something more than a succession of clever stories. It would work better for the ad vancement of learning among the people, if the contents of the shelves of our circu lating libraries were only one half as varied. But the publications of the Minerva press still triumph in the smaller libraries of the smaller streets in London, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, Glasgow, and the suburbs of every large city in the kingdom. Well- thumbed volumes of horrors, and stories of crime and murder, of castle spectres and churchyards ghosts, 'trap-doors and creak ing vaults, are the staple commodity of our smaller "circulating libraries. A " Haunted House" addresses itself at once to the eager sympathies and curiosity of a long succession of readers. Ask any circulating library keeper the name of a novel that has done him " yeoman's service," the better class of novels excepted, and he will name a novel such as Poole has exposed in his Little Pedlington,— nothing that sports with human follies or the humours of men, or grapples with the striking details of his tory, but has every thing to do with Tyburn and the hulks. There is a pleasant story preserved by some critic of Dennis's days that Shak- speare, seeing the ignorance of the English people on the subject of the history of their own country, wrote his Si histories" to supply a deficiency he could not but lament. He has made in this way the history of England for six several reigns familiar to us all. Hume, Goldsmith, and all the popular writers for schools and for full grown people, have not done one- half so much for English history as Shakspeaie has done. We read English history in Hume with Shakspeare perpetually in our minds. All the ingenious artifice of Wal- pole's learning to whitewash King Richard III., and strip him of his "bunch," has been exhibited to very little purpose ; his clever sketch that flits before you as you read it vanishes like a ghost at the crowing of the cock when Shakspeare's bold and vivid picture rushes again before you truly and unmistakeably. Shakspeare brought English history upon the stage, and Sir Walter Scott, English history into novels and romances. We know of no better introduction to Froissart than the Ivanhoe of Scott. There is no such full-length portrait of King James in Weldon, or in Wilson, as we find in the Fortunes of Nigel. Scotland, under Queen Mary, is not so truly drawn by Dr. Robert- son, in his History, asjby Sir Walter in 9 The Abbot. There is no essay on the I Scottish Highlanders to equal the chapters I on Highland history and Highland manners 9 which we find in Wayerley and Rob Roy. 9 No picture of the Covenanters to equal the 9 finished sketch in Old Mortality, or any I life of the " gallant Graham" to match in I spirit A Legend of Montrose. Kenilwortht 9 too, contains a picture of Queen Elizabeth, 9 her courtiers,- and her people, which the I reader will find in no half-dozen volumes 9 of English history, —caught, as it is, from I history and from plays, from pamphlets and 9 from private letters, and then set forth as 9 if its author had lived in the times lie de- I scribes so truly. 9 Bishop Burnet tells an interesting anec- 9 dote of the great Duke of Marlborough. 9 The hero of Blenheim, in a speech in the House of Lords, made some reference to I an event in the past history of his country- I The circumstance was new to Burnet, and 9 the well-read bishop asked the indifferently 9 read duke his authority for the anecdote. 9 " I found it in Shakspeare," said the illus- 9 trious Marlborough — " the only history, of S those reigns I ever read." fl There weie thousands upon thousands 9 in the same situation with the Duke, owing 9 their only intimacy with English history to 9 the plays of Shakspeare. Since the days 19 of the great Duke of Marlborough, Sir fl Walter Scott has added other histories to fl the shelves of our circulating-libraries ; and 9 since Scott's time, the pens of Mr. James, 9 Mr. Horace Smith, and Mr. Harrison I Ainsworth have been employed, in making 19 history acceptable to the people . jl We cannot commend too highly the fl practice of writing historical romances, fl wherein the truth of history is strictly ad- ifl hered to. Mr. Ainsworth deserves great ifl praise for the historical accuracy of his writings. He has spread a love for English fl history. His Old St. Paul's has acquainted S thousands, for the first time, that there fl was a fine old cathedral on the same spot fl before the present building. His Tower fl of London has sent thou sands to the Tower, fl not, as of old, through Traitor's Gate, but jfl by the way of the great and little armories, ifl His Windsor Castle has added to the re- |fl ceipts of the great Western Railway ; and ifl his present romance, the Court of St. jfl James's, will introduce, for the first time, 9| to a new colony of readers, the story of fl manoeuvres in Queen Anne's reign.—Harley fl and his clique, Marlborough and his fac- fl tion, and the bedchamber business of Abi- fl gail Masham. Mr. Ainsworth has the art fl of carrying the stream of history through fl the pleasant meadows of romance, and of fl peopling his narratives in a way that is fl both instructive and agreeable. He is apt, fl it is true, to overcrowd his canvass in par- fl ticular parts, and to introduce more people fl to his readers than he knows very well fl what to do with ; for a long dramatis per- fl sonce in a five-act play, or in a three-volume fl novel, is a kind of unwieldy cavalcade, fl unfit for the airy evolutions of a drama or fl a novel. fl We have great pleasure at all times in fl recommending any romance that has utility fl for its primary object ; and Mr. Ainsworth, fl in the book before us, has been the means ifl of familiarising an interesting period of fl English history to a large circle of readers 9 unacquainted with the labours of Oldmixon 9 or the brighter page of the Dean of St. fl Patrick's. fl We have only commended as yet the fl truthfulness of Mr. Ainsworth 's historical fl personages. One or two of his subsidiary fl or under-plot characters are well conceived ; fl his Proddy is humorous throughout, and fl his Sergeant Scales is a very happy crea- 9 tion. Some of his songs are pointed, and 9 Prior-like. We look upon the following 9 as admirable in its way ; — 9 THE BOOTS OF MALBROOK. 9 Four mar8lial9 of France yow'cI their monarch to 9 guard, 9 Bragging Boufflers, vain Villairs, Villeroy, and 9 Tallard ; 9 These four gasconaders in jest undertook, 9 To pall off the boots of the mighty Marlbrook. fl Brush— brush away ! 9 The field was first taken by Boufflers and Yillars, fl But, though they were "the chaffers, yet we were the fl millers ; 9 Bonn, Linnburgh, and Huy, soon our general took, 9 'Twas not easy to pull off the boots of Marlbrook. 9 Brush — brush away ! 9 Tallard next essayed with Bavaria's elector, 9 But the latter turh'd out an indifferent protector ; 9 For he Schellenberg lost, while at Blenheim both 9 shook 9 In their shoes at the. sight of the boots of Marl- 9 brook, 9 Brush— brush away ! 9 To Ramilies next came the vannting Villeroy, 9 In his own esteem equal to Hector of Troy ; But he found like' the rest that his man he mistook, I And fled at tlie sight of the boots of Marlbrook. I Brush — brush away ! Then here's to the hoots made of stout English I leather, Well soled, and well heel'd, and right weli put together! I He deserves not the name of a Briton who'd brook I A word 'gainst the fame of the boots of Marlbrook ! I Brush — brush away ! I Of Gallia the dread, and of Europe the wonder, 1 These boots, like their master will never knock under; . I We'll bequeath 'em our sons, and our sons' sons I shall look I With pride and delight on the boots of Marlbrook I Brush— brush away !" 1 Curious Simile.— I write to you in I crystal midnight; black basaltic country I dipped in moonlight. The town forms a | complete cat's back, with its ducking | houses, and is quite furred with bristling I points of rock and mountain ruins ; and | there opposite, it shines and flickers in the 1 shade, as when one rubs the cat's back I 