MESMERISM AND CLAIRVOYANCE. At a large party at the house of Mr and Mrs William Howitt, Clapham, Mr Spen- cer Hall, the Mesmerist, showed several striking experiments in that science, to the high interest and satisfaction of the com- pany assembled, amongst whom were a good many persons of literary and scientific distinc- tion. The first was upon a boy of about fif- teen years old, who has been from an early age suffering from an affection of the head, which, besides the constant pain induced, had stunted his growth, destroyed his appetite, and threatened to terminate in idiotcy or death, and who has been for some time under Mr Hall's care on that account. By the regular application of the mesmeric influence, all these alarming symptoms have vanished. He has continued entirely free from pain, he has recovered his appetite and health, his countenance has in a great measure resumed its liveliness and intel- ligence of expression, and in a word, all those who know him regard him as completely re- covered by mesmeric aid. But in the course of this process he has become thoroughly sub- jected to Mr Hall's mesmeric influence. He is thrown in a few seconds, by a mere pressure of the hand, into the mesmeric sleep, and in this responds to many phrenologic touches in the most beautiful and extraordinary mauner. The effects produced on him by music are in particular striking. They throw him into at- titudes corresponding to the sentiment of the piece played, which could only be acquired by a first-rate actor, after long and arduous prac- tice, if they could be reached at all, and which would form the finest models for the sculptor or painter. His countenance undergoes equal changes, and at times acquires a pathos, a tenderness, a sublimity, or an expression of fun, that are singularly beautiful. Several pieces were played by a German gentleman present, which he could not possibly have heard before, but to the spirit of which he responded in the most inimitable manner, being sunk into sad- ness, raised into holy adoration, and kindled in an energy of martial or patriotic ardour, ac- companied by the finest correspondent atti- tudes and action. His organ of imitation being tested, he threw back any sound issuing from the company as the most perfect echo would do, as a rock or a wall having the power to fling back sound. He was addressed in various languages, aad threw back every sentence with the most perfect pronunciation, and generally without the omission of a single syllable. While the company were occupied in conversation on this matter, and he was left standing unob- served by the majority, those who had kept their attention upon him say, to their astonishment, that he continued to reflect all mixed and multi-form sounds that arose from their conversation. It was now a strange murmur, now a clear utterance of a sentence, as some one spoke out louder and more distinctly than the rest. Coughs, laughs, and even a low whistle, introduced by a silent watcher of him, all had their place. After the manifestations made by this interesting boy, a servant girl, intro- duced by her master, a medical man, at her own request, as she had not been very well, aad thought mesmerising, from what she had caught from conversation in her master's house, would do her good, was in a short time thrown into the mesmeric sleep, and on the playing of a lively air, began to beat time with her feet, and attempted to dance. This young woman appeared naturally agitated on being placed in the midst of so large a company; her pulse being felt by a medical man, was 120, but when in the mesmeric state it was found to have sunk to its natural beat of 75. The most decisive case, however, was the third and last. It was that of a gentleman of the party, whose cha- racter and position in society place him far be- yond any suspicion of feigning or acting. He had never been mesmerised before, or attempted to be. He was in about ten minutes thrown completely into the mesmeric trance. His arms rendered rigid as two poles, and extended at length, so that it required the utmost force to bend them down in any degree, and so that the operator, by forcibly using one of them as a lever, swung his whole body round in a perfect gyration. The gentleman was internally con- scious, and gave perfectly clear answers to any questions, but though entreated by Mr Hall to open his eyes, could not in the least do it. His arms were then released from their rigidity, and one of them, on his grasping a walking cane by the middle, was rendered again so rigid, that he could not let it fall, though re- quested earnestly to use all his energy to do so. On being recalled to full possession of his limbs and waking consciousness, he expressed himself highly deiighted with the sensations it had occasioned him, and appeared rather re- freshed and enlivened by it than otherwise. Mr Hall's demonstrations were, even by the members of the medical profession, of whom several were present, pronounced to be highly satistactory.— Atlas. There lives at No. 5, Earl-street, Notting- ham, a poor discharged seaman, of the name of William Eaton Taylor, whose left side has been for five years past so completely paralysed that a few days ago he could not lift his hand so high as his breast, or bend his leg back wards in the slightest degree. At the apart- ments of Mr Richard Hewitt I made passes over him (without sleep) for a short period— say two or three minutes—aad he went away able to lift his hand to his forehead. Since then he has been twice mesmerised by an ear- nest and intelligent young man of the name of Wainwright, residing with Mr Clayton, in Bridlesmith-gate, and he can now feed himself with the affected hand, or place it at the back of his head, with great facility, and can bend his leg at pleasure, feeling himself better in all respects, and in a fair way for complete re- covery. Another case is that of a little boy, aged twelve years, the son of Sir John Gil- bert, 16, Sun-hill, Nottingham, who from the age of six months was so powerless in his left arm as not to be able to lift it higher than his breast, or throw it backwards at all. By a process equally simple and brief, I made him able to lift it to his head—to use it in putting on his cap—and to move it to and fro nearly as well as the other.—Spencer T. Hall, in the Atlas. Every day now seems to extend a belief in the physical phenomena and curative powers of mesmerism; but the wonders of clairvoyance remain subjects of just scepticism. To see to what lengths a fanciful belief in such wonders can and do lead, your readers, such of them as read German, should read a book called "Die Seherin von Prevorst," i.e., "The Seeress, or Female Seer of Prevorst," written by Justinus Kerner, one of the most esteemed lyrical poets of Germany. Kerner is a physician living at Weinsberg, near Heilbronu, in the kingdom of Wirtemberg. Hes ia most sensible, pious, and clever man, and his writings are imbued with the most beautiful and Christian spirit, but as firm a believer in the most extravagant wonders of clairvoyance—of the possibility of a person, through attention to the "inner life," being able to issue at will into the spiri- tual world—of the possession of spirits, and of the appearance of ghosts, as Emanuel Sweden- borg himself. The lady in question, the Se- herin, was for many years under his care, and came for that purpose, and lived in Weinsberg near Kerner. For many years she was in the daily habit of seeing spirits, who came at all hours, day or night alike, and of making the most extraordinary revelations, many of which are allested by the magistrates. The greatest sensation was excited by the history of the so- called "Seeress of Prevorst," which Justinus Kerner wrote at full. Mystic natural philoso- phers, as for example, B. Schubert, had before this spoken of a "nightisde of nature," into which the state of somnambulism particularly enabled you to look, but here it was asserted, at least according to the statement of the Seeress herself, that the spectral apparitions had no connection at all with her somnambu- lism, and did not open a second self- existent spirit-world, but one in daily contact with the common physical world of our experience; and while Kerner collected old and new facts, whose credibility was most thoroughly doubtful, Es- chenmayer worked these facts up into a theory. To this soon was added the theory of spiritual possession ; and some of the premises of Es- chenmayer would soon lead us back into the very finest times of the trials for witchcraft. Of late years, however, ghost- seeing, even in Wirtemberg, has again fallen-off, and there is no fear that the true spirit of modest, natural philosophy will be pushed out of wider circles by such phantasmagoria. The book, as a book of amusement, is a most entertaining and cu- rious book. The Seeress is a very interesting character. Her life is traced from her child- hood, which was spent among the mountains of Wirtemberg, near Prevorst, where, says Kerner, the air is so magnetic that the pea- sants working in the fields are frequently seized with somnambulism, and retire into their huts till it is over. Mrs Hauffe, the See- ress, was affected from her childhood, and be- came at length a constant invalid, and as con- stantly a magnetic subject. In this state she makes beautiful poetry; sees spirits all around her; joins in prayer with them; they come in and out in the most neighbourly manner; she discovers lost papers, and is most singularly affected by all kinds of physical substances. She discovers a new process of mental arithmetic— a new language, and invents an instrument, of which a drawing is given, for tuning and regu- lating her nerves. Singular drawings are given of circles of the sun life circles, interca- lary circles, specimens of her inner writing, inner arithmetic, and her signs for the outer world, to which honest Kerner has added such a collection of tcell-attested ghost stories, as is enough to frighten all the present generation of children out of their senses. There is no fear that John Bull will be carried to this German length; but there is a fear that whatever there may be of physical and curative benefit in mes- merism may be injured and retarded, by the growing tendency towards the fanciful regions of clairvoyance, and therefore it appears to me no useless office to point to the extravagances (of which this work, now in a third edition, is a most singular record) to which the love of the marvellous, instead of the patient investi- gation of natural phenomena, may lead. Per- haps nothing could better serve the cause of true science and common sense than the trans- lation of this book, for we are much quicker to descry the folly of our neighbours than our own. Without asserting that clairvoyance does not and cannot exist, we have enough in this volume, in all conscience, to show us how necessary it is, closely to watch and carefully to test all its marvellous pretensions.—William Howitt, in a letter to the Editor of the Atlas. The facts of mesmerism, as set forth by sys- tematic writers, fairly permit of their division into two very distinct classes; one includes phenomena, which, if true, do not violate any recognised analogy of nature; and the other comprehends circumstances which contravene, seemingly, at least, every admitted experience of the past and general judgment of mankind. Instances of the former kind—the ordinary manifestations of mesmerism—are represented as being of frequent occurrence, and as almost producible at pleasure, and thereby accessible to every inquirer; so that, with respect to their reality, any competent observer may come to a decision by personally examining them: and to this course, where practicable, everyone is plainly bound, before an opinion on the sub- ject can justly be given. The extraordinary phenomena are stated to be comparatively rare, and not to be generally accessible; and, in the investigation of these, a scrutiny of the evidence is usually the only resource which is left. In dealing with the testimony relating to any branch of this subject, the rule, of course, is to be followed, which would be deemed admissible in the investigation of any other philosophical question. The method of in- duction can alone lead to satisfactory results. The nature of the individual facts must be ac- curately appreciated, their authenticity must be carefully sifted, and the mental character of the witnesses must lie rightly understood ; in a word, correct premises must supply the ma= terials for truthful inference. A law ofnature can only be deduced by observation of natu- ral operations; and when any novel fact arises opposed to what had been previously deemed a fixed principle, the terms which express it must sustain modification, and not the fact itself receive a denial. But, maintaining this position most rigorously, we must insist upon the rule that evidence tendered in the sup- port of whatever is new, must correspond in with doctrines generally admitted as true; and that, where statements obviously contravene all past experience, and the almost universal consent of mankind, any evidence is inade- quate to the proof, which is not complete, becond suspicion, and absolutely incapable of being explained away. We hold that here it is not necessary always to prove the accu- racy of an explanation offered: the facts of the case are not always cognizable; it is enough that, in the case supposed, some phe- nomenon shall allow an interpretation which brings it into harmony with antecedent expe- rience, for the opposite view to be rejected as unproved. Guided by these canons, we shall proceed to examine the pretensions of mesmerism, with a view to attain some accu- rate conception of the existing state of the question, and of the estimation in which it should be held by the members of our pro- fession.— Forbes's Mesmerism — True Mes- merism False. It is time that we now paid some attention to the alleged evils of animal magnetism. And first, we attack at once the most serious charge which has been brought against it, viz., that the magnetised become so attached to their magnetiser—so completely subjected to his influence—so thoroughly obedient to his will, that the remedy may be very mis- chievously employed towards the most suscep- tible sex; and that it may be so employed to the most diabolical of all purposes. So grave a charge must be seriously met. In the first place it must be allowed to be possible; but in the same breath it must be asked, what per- fect thing is there under the sun ? What good thing is there which does not admit of abuse, and which has not been repeatedly abused ? Can we fairly argue against the use of any agent from its abuse ? And is there any one of God's gifts to man, which if improperly em- ployed, does not produce evil, and ultimately involve in ruin ? Who would argue against intelligence, because the excitement of genius has produced insanity? Who would under- value religion, because exclusive views on the subject have overturned the integrity of the brain? Who would declare the light and warmth of the sun to be an evil, because it had occasioned in some few instances the coup de soleil? Who would pronounce against the merciful and beneficial agency of a thunder- storm because it had destroyed trees, cattle, human life ? Who would forswear the com- forts of a fire in January, because fire did every day destroy comfort, habitation,—life? Who would pronounce against food and wine, be- cause both, if improperly taken, produce the most serious moral and physical disorders ? So neither must we pronounce against magnetism, because, though good in itself, it admits of per- version.—Newnham's Human Magnetism; its Claims to dispassionate Inquiry. Being an Attempt to show the Utility of its Application for the Relief of Human Suffering. Soon after my arrival in the town of Bod- min, I was told that considerable interest had been excited in Bodmin by the extraordinary phenomena exhibited by a young person under mesmeric influence. About three weeks since, Mr Sparrow (whose name as a mesmerist is well known in Plymouth), visited Bodmin, in which town no mesmeric experiment had been previously tried. He was introduced to Miss D——, a young woman twenty-two years of age, and subject to frequent severe headaches: he advised her to try the effects of mesmerism, which she consented to do, being, however, entirely ignorant of what mesmerism was. She was soon put under the influence, and exhibi- ted most of the ordinary phenomena. Her sister was mesmerised, with the same result; and the two cases having been shown to nearly all the medical men of the town, they have avowed their conviction that the phenomena shown were genuine, and highly worthy of at- tention. After Mr Sparrow's departure, some further experiments were tried by a gentleman in the town with equally successful results. On my arrival in Bodmin, I was requested to mes- merise one of these young persons. I obtained all the manifestations which I had seen in other cases; but her difficulty of articulation rendered her replies frequently obscure. The following extraordinary phenomenon was entirely new to me in practice: though, from having read of it as sometimes occurring, I resolved to try it in this case. I was assured by the young lady's mother and sisters (and afterwards by herself), that she was totally ignorant of the French language. I said to her "Voila mon montre quelle heure est il?" I did not, how- ever, pull out my watch, or give the slightest clue to the meaning of my question. Her re- ply was so indistinct, that I could not catch the words. I said " Comprenez vous?" She answered, "Oui." A gentleman present said, "Mettez votre tête sur l'épaule de Monsieur Fry" she immediately inclined her head slowly towards me until it touched my shoulder. The gentleman then said, "C'est assez, êleve votre tête" and she immediately raised her head again. This gentleman had on a former oecasios, when mesmerising her, asked her "Quel age avez vous ?" when she at once replied, "Vignt deux." He then said, "Shall I repeat some French poetry ?" She said, "Yes." He re- peated three lines of a French stanza, and stopped—she immediately went on with the fourth line, completing the couplet.—Edmund Fry, in a letter to the Editor of the Plymouth and Devonport Weekly Journal. Printed and published by the proprietor, John Stephens, every Wednesday and Saturday morning, at the South Australian Register and General Printing Office, Hindley- street Adelaide, South Australia, where Orders and Adver- tisements, and all communications to the Editors will be received. 