THE POWER OF THE KEYS. ' The only questions now remaining, in regard to our first two passages, are, how St. Peter and his fellow- \- disciples exercised their prerogative ; whether others can do the saine ; and, what is meant by the ratification oi tneir acts in Jieaven. St. Peter and his colleagues in the apostolate bound and loosed in the manner explained above, By their divinely-inspired discourses and writings, they gave the law of life and doctrine to the Christian. church in tfieir time, and in all succeeding ages. As the Father had sent Christ, so Christ sent them. As the Father had given Christ a kingdom, so Christ gave them a kingdom, and set them on twelve thrones, or seats of magisterial dignity, to judge — that is, to declare judgment to — the twelve tribes of Israel. (Luke xxii. 29, 30.) He breathed on them, signifying the plenary inspiration of the Holy Spirit, which he then bestowed on them as an extraordinary gift ; and appointed them to be witnesses of his death, resurrection, and ascension into heaven. They mo«t faithfully discharged this commission,— preaching, teaching, and witnessing for Christ as no other men could do. But they never pro fessed to admit into, nor to exclude from, heaven, although the Jews were but too familiar with terribly sounding forms of priestly excommunication. They never assumed authority in the matter of man's per sonal salvation. They never pronounced such words as, " By the power committed unto me, I absolve thee from all thy sins." Whatever else they were conv manded to do, they completely performed. They raised the dead, healed the sick, cast out lepers, spake in foreign languages, prayed to God that he would pardon sinners, and exhorted them to ask of him forgiveness of their sins; but they neither bound nor >-:j loosed one soul. They bound not Sim»n Magns, Elynias,nor Ananias and Sapphira : nor did they loose the multitudes at the day of Pentecost, Cornelius, the Ethiopian eunuch, nor the Philippian jailer. Had Christ invested them with so supernatural a prerogative, so calculated to give dignity to their ministry, and to conciliate the veneration of- mankind, they could not have buried the inestimably precious talent, nor re frained from making full proof of their authority, without incurring the guilt of disobedience, and of contemptuous infidelity to the august commission. Therefore wo cannot but infer that they did not under stand the promise of their- Lord as uttered in a sense at variance with the established forms of language, as conveying the doctrine which the clerical hinders and lookers of later ages teach. But if they had been empowered to damn or save,— which, however, cannot be granted, — it would not follow that others after them should be; for the Apostles, as Apostles, had no successors : else would there have been a succession of men able to work miracles and write canonical Scriptures. The Church of Home can not erade this conclusion; and, therefore, she boldly allows it, aud professes to have held Councils, and that some of her members have written books, by the assistance of the Holy Ghost, of authority in matters of faith. She says, that she can still perioral miracles, and does often delude the vulgar with lying wonders, and pretends to perform sacramental acts of divine efficacy, by help of the Holy Spirit; and this to keep up the notion of an Apostolical succession ! Just in the same way did a few enthusiasts, some years ago, profess to "speak with new tongues," and did vociferate au unintelligible jargon, to the reproach of religion, and to their own shame. No rational person expects to wit ness such miraculous gifts Dow, because neither pro mised nor needed ; while yet, if the doctrine we controvert were true, and the special mission of the Apostles did extend into all ages, they should be sought earnestly by prayer in faith. We must, therefore, understand the binding and loosing which was exercised by the first and infallible masters of Christendom to have been exercised by themselves alone, and receive their work in the books of the New Testament ; lor in these, agreeably to an intimaiinn of St Peter, they diligently made provision, that, after their decease, we might have liose things always in remembrance. (2 Peter i. 15 ) In short, the meaning of the memorable sentences with which this paper is headed, appears to he simply this: thai the Apostles, being subjects of plenary inspiration, should be infallible masters in the Chris tian church, commissioned by Christ to peiform all the functions of that necessary office; and that, our sub mission to their instruction and decisions is challenged and justified by tire declaration of Christ himself, that they are approved and confirmed in heaven No other set of men so commissioned, or even pretending to write canonical Scriptures, has ever appeared in the church ; so that, wairing argumentation, it is historically faise to say that there is, or ever was, an Apostolical Sue cession. The first two passages from the Gospel according to Matthew have been taken together in this comment, because they are parallel ; but we must now proceed to the third, as recorded by St. John. It is very different in form, yet similar in purport; and is cited by rliose of the high sacerdotal school in support of th-ir pre tensions to ghostly power. The words are, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost : whose soever sins ye remit, they nre remitted unto them ; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained." That learned men, who cannot be ignorant of the rules by which the Greek of the New Testament must be interpreted, should pass by the peculiar idiom of the original, and play on the surface of an English version, is extremely dishonest. It is not a whit less discreditable than the wretched trifling of those monastic scribblers who expound, after their manner, such sentences of the Vulgate Latin version as Hoc <st corpus mi'um,. and Sacramentum hoc magnum est ; thinking to establish the fable of transub- stentiation, and the abomination of clerical ceiibacy. It is grievous to be sent hack again to the first elements of hermenculics ; but we must return to them, now that they are thrown aside by men who attach more value to patristical speculation, than to the common rules of language. Be it premised, however, that the Holy Spirit was given to the Apostles, that they were qualified by plenary inspiration for the acts to be performed. To them, as thus inspired, the words before us were ad dressed ; and to them, therefore, tiny must be re. stricted. Being thus qualified, they w, re to remit and retain sins ; not as these words sound, but as they signify; for the remission isnot potential, buidi ciara'.ive. By a peculiarity of the Hebrew verb, transierred from that language into the Hebraized Greek, the dis tinctiou between an action and the declaration of an action effected, or to be effected, was obscured; hut might be elicited by the plain common sense of the reader, when the first and more obvious meaning of the words involved an impossibility, an untruth, or an absurdity. Hence a literal version of a Hebrew or Hebraized Greek sentence often conveys a sense totally incorrect, and foreign from the meaning of the writer. Papists and Tractarians may take shelter under this ambiguity ; and jit is not very easy to disabuse the common English reader hv a sufficiently popular exhibition of one of the most important philological facts which are presented to the professional student. To abbreviate the labour, in this instance, a few pas sages shall be transcribed, with brief notation of their meaning; so as to present a brief specimen of the very numerous class to which the one before us certainly belongs. Exod. xx. 7.—" The Lord will not make him innocent that take th his name in "vain." The Septuagiut, being very literal in the Pentateuch, has," will not purify." So the Itala, iiou mundibit, 44 will not cleanse." But the Vulgate gives the true sense, non hubebit insontem, which agrees with the English, "will not hold him guiltless." Lev. xiii. 6. The Priest shall examine the person said to be leprous.; but if he find that he is not so, then shall the Priest" make him clean, and he sliali be clean." So say the old Latin versions, and the Septuagiut; but St. Augustine, although not a linguist, judiciously interprets the Latin text by saying. Hoc eit. puryatum cum pronuntiabit : 44 That is to say, he shall pronounce him to be cleansed." Our translators agree with Augustine,1 and say, " The Priest shall pronounce him to be cleansed." With these the modern trans lators generally agree. Psalm cxix. 10, is a parallel example: Jer. i. 13. " See,\I have this day,; set thee over the nations, and over the kingdoms, to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, and to build, and to plant." No correct translation of this text could take another form ; yet no candid expositor would affirm that God had invested the Prophet Jeremiah with authority to do these things, but thai he appointed him to declare that tliey were done by God himself. That he did thus declare, his prophecies are proof. Matt. x. 35. " I am come," said Christ, " to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against ber mother, and the daughter-in-law against her mother in- law.' It were superfluous to argue that this was not the end of Christ's coming into the world, and that he did not excite division, since no one, except he be an infidel, can imagine that he did, the contrary being fact. But the passage is intelligible enough by aid of an established canon, — that " active verbs are attributed even to those who do not properly, and by their immediate influence, do that which "the verbs signify, but onlyconcurin some manner," certa rationc." ' And the reader iS referred to the author of this canon, as cited below. Acts. x. 15. " The things which God hath cleansed, ; not thou pollute." The Itala, and most ancient Classii Philologia Sacra , lib. i., tract, iii., can. 22. versions, translate to this purport : Qua Deus mun davi'fu commune nsfeceris. But the Vulgate gives the sense by using the word dix-ris , with which exactly agrees our version, — " What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common." # . These are a few examples but of a multitude col lected by grammarians and scholiasts; and are such as may be found frequent throughout the sacred writings; and the words of Christ, " Whose soever sins ye remit," &e;„ are exactly of the same class.. As the Priest purifiedhvm that was unclean, orpollnted him that, being a leper, was unclean ; as Jeremiah set up the nations which God established, and rooted out and pulled down those whom God destroyed ; so, being also ministers of God, did the inspired authors of the Chris- tian code pardon the forgiven, and condemn the guilty. Tn this sense, and in no other, can the passage be riahtly explained. Aud if " whose soever," be ob jected aguinst this view of the sentence, as indicating a personal administration of pardon, immediately applied by the minister to the penitent, the reply is ready. There are no traces ol such an administration in the apostolical history; whence it is clear that either the Apostles did not underst snd the pardoning of con- fit on fs, nr. penitents, to be a part of their wors, or did not conceive such acts as proper to be recorded for our imitation: /But in every recorded case they proceeded in a totally different manner; and. vet God never reproved them for withholding the precious boon of mercy, which lie would assuredly have done, had they been unfaithful to their trust. It little concerns us to investigate how Fathers, Councils, and Reformers have understood dfticult pas sages. Most of the Fathers were but mean critics Jerome and Augustine, like Ilillel and Shammia, are ivpes of the dissension which ever rendered unity im possible among them. The Councils were parties in ecclesiastical disputes ; so that the decision cannot be with them. The Reformers nobly dashed away the fetters of ecclesiastical domination ; but tliey may have been heated in dispute with the priesthood of their day ; and the writer of these observations humbly pro- fesses to believe that one honest exegesis of the sacred text is worth more than volumes in the present contro versy; and he leaves the interminable polemic, con ducted on other grounds, to more patient and more learned brethren. They who please can dispute ecclesiastically, while the reader of the Bibb can enjoy the heavenly and forcible simplicity of God's own book. The rules of grammar, the witnesses of biblical antiquity, and the analogy of laitli, avc the lamps which light his study; but lie would presume into the sanctuary, and implore from the Father of Lights the influences which are promised to guide him into all truth. Confident that his prayer is heard, he reposes while the turmoil of controversy rings around ; lie' views his Bible with reverential satisfaction, and seems to read therein, as if an angel's finger had traced the words in characters brighter than any antique illumi- nation, lovelier than any rubric. TGUTQ NIK A. 