A PILL FOR SUCCESSIONISTS ! [CONCLUDED FROM OUR LAST.] Here let the reader remark : First, that the application of the name Apostle to the Bishops of modern times, in the second and third senses, will give them no prerogatives over any other ministers of the gospel : it must, then, be claimed for them by high churchmen in the first sense, as applied to desig- nate the twelve alone ; this is their claim. Let this be strictly kept in mind, as these advocates often sophis- tically shift their terms. Secondly, observe, that from the exclusive nature of the twelve Apostles' office, none besides themselves could possibly possess it during their lives ; conse- quently, nothing possessed by any other ministers during the Apostles lives belonged to this exclusive office. To see the truth of the former part of this sen- tence :— suppose that any other ministers, during the lives of the twelve Apostles, possessed what are called their prerogatives in common with them, (the solecism must be excused), it is clear as the light that such things ceased to be the prerogatives of the twelve the moment they were possessed by others in common with them. This could not be succession, but possession in common. It follows, therefore, that from the exclusive nature of the twelve Apostles' office, none besides them- selves could possibly possess it during their lives ; and, consequently, that nothing possessed by any other ministers, during the Apostles lives, belonged to these exclusive prerogatives. Thirdly, then, it follows necessarily, that as Timothy, and Titus, and Epaphroditus, were not of the twelve, no argument can be deduced from any thing in their case in favour of the Apostleship of modern Bishops. Yet these advocates fill their volumes with tirades about Timothy, Titus, and Epaphroditus, as prototypes of modern Bishops. Fourthly. To retort their own argument about names and things upon themselves — it would signify nothing for the divine right of the prerogatives of Bishops were they sometimes called Apostles by name, for all preachers of the gospel were sometimes called by that name ; they must prove the things apart from the name ; that Bishops, as Apostles, have what no other preachers of the gospel have. This brings us to things, to the prerogative of the twelve Apostles : the proud claim of this system. What, then, were the prerogatives of the twelve Apos- tles, exclusively possessed by them, as distinguished from all other gospel ministers whatever? They were the following :— 1\. Immediate vocation, Gal. i. 1, "Paul, an Apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead.") The ordination of an Apostle, in the strict sense of the word, was not only immediately by Christ himself, without any imposition of hands, but it was complete at once, without the individual having passed through any other grades or offices in the ministry preparatory to it. Now no Bishop was ever appointed immediately by Christ himself : high churchmen maintain imposi- tion of hands as necessary to their ordination ; and, what is perhaps most to the point in hand, no man, on the scheme of high churchmen, can be made a Bishop who has not previously received what they call the in- delible character of the priesthood, in his ordination to the office of a Presbyter. A Bishop, who had never been a Presbyter, is considered incapable of administer- ing the sacraments, and of conferring orders. How is it possible, then, that Bishops should be properly Apos- tles, when the ordination of the one so essentially dif- fers from the other, both in the form and essence of the ordination, and in the qualifications of the individuals to be ordained ? Scriptural Bishops, we know, were ordained such at once, without passing through any preparatory grades in the ministry ; but, then, the reason is plain, viz, that, in the scriptures, Bishops and Presbyters were one and the same office. 2\. Apostles were taught the gospel by immediate re- velation : Gal. I. 12, "For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ. 3\. They were infallible teachers of it to others : Gal. i. 8 and 12, "But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ." 4\. They had a commission of universal authority. 2 Cor. x. 13 — 16, and xiii. 10, and Rom. i. 14 — 16. They had a universal commission of divine infallible authority, as to the doctrine of faith and morals. It is not clear that they had any absolute authority in any thing else. They ordained Elders or Presbyters : so did Barnabas ; so did Timothy and Titus, who were not of the twelve ; and so did Presbyters, they ordained Timothy himself. But, when ministers had been or- dained and appointed to any church, there is no decisive proof that the Apostles alone governed those ministers. Dodwell remarks justly that "their chief work was rather the planting of churches, than the ruling of churches." Ignatius, the oracle of high churchmen, says, "It is not lawful without the Bishop, neither to baptize, nor to celebrate the holy communion. He that does anything without his knowledge, ministers unto the devil." On the high church scheme, the Apostles, during their lives, were the only real Bishops. Now did the Apostles claim any such authority as this over every special act of other ministers ? Never ! The thing, indeed, was impossible. How could they be everywhere to appoint every baptism, and every minute detail of ministerial duty ? But there is not only no proof that the Apostles alone governed ministers as well as the church, but there is direct proof to the contrary. The ministers of the seven churches were some of them remiss, and some wicked : who, then, takes authority to correct and judge them ? The Apostle John ? No ; He that walks in the midst of the golden candle sticks : He does it. To say that John might, but did not, would be to say that the Saviour should first have re- buked John for this remissness ; yet nothing of the kind is found in the divine message, but everything to the contrary. It may be asked, what cure is there for wicked ministers ? We answer, the scriptural method is, to teach the people to forsake them ; and leave them to the judgment of God. This as to the church catho- lic ; of course, every particular church has the right to expel bad ministers, as well as bad men, from its com- munion. 5\. Apostles had the power not only of working mira- cles, but also of communicating miraculous powers to others, Acts viii. 14 — 19 : xix. 6 ; and see 1 Tim. i. 6. I believe there is nothing more than these five pre- rogatives that belong exclusively to the Apostles : all other ministers preached, and baptized. It is most cer- tain that others, especially Presbyters, ordained persons to the ministry : 1 Tim. iv. 14. Presbyters also ruled or governed the church, Acts xx. 28 : 1 Tim. v. 17, "Let the Elders (Presbyters) that rule well be counted wor- thy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine." In which, then, and in what number of these pre- rogatives do modern Bishops succeed the twelve Apos- tles ? Have they had immediate vocation, not of men, but by Jesus Christ ? Are they taught the gospel by immediate revelation ? These advocates dare not claim either of these prerogatives. Are they infallible teachers of others ? No. Have they a commission of universal infallible authority, as to doctrines of faith and morals, in all churches ? Have they universal jurisdiction, as Bishops ? This they know to be a contradiction to other parts of their scheme, viz. that there can be only one Bishop in one Diocese. Have they, then, the power of communicating the miraculous gifts of the Holy Ghost ? The rite of confirmation is founded on the as- sumption of this, or it is founded on nothing that was the prerogative of the twelve. The assumption con- founds the advocates ; to give it up, gives up their cause. The claim, therefore, of the prerogatives of the twelve Apostles for modern Bishops, by these high church advocates, is utterly unsustained by the New Testament. This decides the whole matter. The claim is as baseless as it is bold. No names on earth ought to save it, for a moment, from the reprobation of the whole Christian church. Thus much for scriptural authority, both as to the name and the thing ; and no authority can decide the question. However, though ecclesiastical authority will be discussed at length in the subsequent sections, yet as it will give a unity and completeness to the pre- sent article, we shall here briefly clear the subject of ecclesiastical authority. What ecclesiastical authority, then, is there for this claim of modern Bishops, being, as Apostles, really such, and exclusively the successors of the Apostles ? Some readers may be surprised, when I say, that there is not a single Christian Father who says so : not one. What ! not Theodoret ? No, not Theodoret ! Hear him : he says, "Those who are now called bishops were (anciently) called Apostles. But shortly after, the name of Apostles was appropriated to such as were Apostles indeed, truly Apostles." Here, then, even Theodoret declares that Bishops are not Apostles truly ; that is, they are truly, as to the prerogatives of the twelve, not Apostles at all ! What, then, is the meaning of his ambiguous expression, "Those who are now called Bishops were anciently called Apostles ?" Well, in the first place, he guards his own statement by declaring that those now called Bishops are not truly Apostles. What are they then ? What you please, but not truly Apostles. It is no matter to this argument what you call them. He says they were called Bishops ; and his language imports that they then, in his time, exercised authority having some resemblance to what those an- ciently and truly called Apostles, exercised. This is speaking to a fact, and not to the law of the case. We grant the truth of the fact : but what does it prove ? That they were really Apostle ? No : Theodoret him- self positively denies that as fact ; and shews, that even in his day, they were believed not to be truly Apostles. And Ambrose, as cited by Amalarius, positively de- clares, that the ancient Bishops were so far from think- ing, with our moderns, that Apostle was truly the ap- propriate denomination for Bishops, that they thought it not decent to assume to themselves the name of Apostles. Thus we find their own authorities destroy their scheme. Never was there a more bold and baseless fabrication palmed upon the public than this, that Apostle was the appropriate name for Bishops. The authors of it catch at some ambiguous expressions in writers of the fifth century ; but what evidence do they bring from the scriptures, or the purest and earliest writers of the Christian church ? The scriptures give no evidence for it, but the contrary. In those authors whom high churchmen quote with the greatest triumph, Ignatius, Tertullian, and Cyprian, all the evidence is against this position of Apostle being the appropriate name for Bishop. Everywhere their highest declamations are made for them under the name — not of Apostles, but of Bishops. What a humiliation to men of learning, to lend themselves to the propagation of such strange per- versions of the facts of the early history of the church ! But does not Ambrose say, that Bishops were, by ec- clesiastical writers, called Apostles at first ? He does. But he does not say that Bishops exclusively were called Apostles. He knew better. "Many were called Apostles by way of imitation," says Eusebius ; an earlier and better authority on such subjects than Theodoret or Ambrose. So he calls "Thaddeus, one of rhe seventy," an Apostle. The learned Valesius's note on the place is as follows :—"Apostle here is to be taken in a large sense. After the same manner every nation and city termed them Apostles, from whom they first received the truth of the gospel. This name was not only given to the twelve, but all their disciples, companions and assistants, were generally called Apos- tles." They all acted as missionaries in spreading the gospel. The word Apostle means a missionary. See then, the goodly company of Apostles ! Indeed Suicer shows that women as well as well as men, were some- times called Apostles by ecclesiastical writers ; and that the Emperor Constantine and Helen, were both fre- quently called by ecclesiastical writers, Apostolic compeers." So St. Augustine says, "that generally," in his time, "it was applied to such as were introduced into the Ministry." He divides Apostles into four classes, and says the third sort who were called Apos- sles, in his day, were such as were smuggled into the Priesthood by popular favour, farore vulgi in sacerdd- tium subrogati." Jerome is plainer still. He makes the same division of Apostles into four classes. In the first he places Isaiah, the other prophets, and St. Paul ; in the second, Joshua the son of Nun ; the third he states to be, "When any one is ordained by the favour and request of men. As we now," says he, "see many ; not according to the will of God, but by bribing the favour of the multitude, become smuggled into the priesthood." Here it is plain from the testimony of these great men, earlier and better authorities than Theodoret, that, in their days, any priest, all priests, even the worst of priests, or Presbyters, were commonly denominated Apostles. Grotius shews, that the Em- perors Honorius and Arcadius, in their laws, called the Jewish Presbyters, Apostles. Tertullian expressly calls the seventy disciples, Apostles ; though Bishop Taylor declares that they were only Presbyters. Chrysostime and Theophylact, also, are mentioned by Estitus on 1 Cor. xv. 7, as applying the term Apostle to the seventy ; so also Erasmus and Calvin on the same place. Such is the result of ecclesiastical authority, as to the appropriate name of Bishops. Bishops were some- times called Apostles ; but not Bishops only. "Many," says Eusebius, "were called Apostles by way of intima- tion." This name was not only given, by ecclesiastical writers, to the twelve, but to the seventy disciples ; and, says Valesius, to all the disciples, companions, and assistants of the Apostles." Augustine and Jerome prove that it was commonly applied in their day, to any priest, to all priests, even to the worst of priests. However, the Bishops of that day, knowing that it did not truly belong to them, thought it not decent to use it, and to be called Apostles ; they, therefore, laid it aside. Their modesty was commendable ; in this our advocates do not choose to be their successors. But, if the argument from the name fails them, what was the fact, as to the thing itself. Do ecclesiastical writers say that Bishops were, in fact, the successors to the Apostles ? There is no doubt that they soon began to write in an inflated style about Bishops. Their opinions are worth no more than their reasons for those opinions are worth ; their opinions can decide nothing without or against, the Scriptures. We have seen that, in fact, Bishops possess no scriptural claim to the pre- rogatives of the twelve Apostles. But do ecclesiastical writers really say that Bishops possessed these preroga- tives ? Do they say that Bishops have immediate in- spiration of what they teach ? that they are infallible ? that they have unlimited authority ? or that they have the perogative of communicating the power to work miracles ? Speak, ye lofty succession men ! Ye are silent ! you dare not say that they do ! I dare say that they do not. Prove me mistaken. Nay, so far from Bishops being said to be the exclusive successors of the Apostles in anything, the greatest ranter in antiquity for Bishops, viz., Ignatius, or rather the cor- rupter of his epistles, plainly says, that "Presbetrys preside in the place of the council of the Apostles."— " Be ye subject to your Presbetrys as to the Apostle of Jesus Christ."—"Let all reverence the Presbyters as the Sanhedrim of God, and as the College of Apos- tles." "See that ye follow the Presbyters as the Apos- tles." Do ecclesiastical writers say, that anciently Bishops governed the church as Bishops now govern it ? They say that the government of the church was in common, i. e., by the common council of the Presbyters, the first Presbyter being for distinction's sake, and for the sake of order, called Bishop. Even Ignatius calls this coun- cil of the Presbyters 'the Sanhedrim of God — the council of the Apostles — the college of the Apostles." And Cyprian, next to Ignatius as to high notions about Bishops, declares that he did "nothing without the council of Presbyters ; that the mutual honour of each required him to act in this manner." But do Bishops now govern the church so ? No such thing. At the Conference, at Worcester House, about the King's (Charles II.) Declaration, when Ministers desired that the Bishops should exercise their church power with the counsel and consent of Presbyters, Bishop Cosins (one of the most learned Bishops in the Canons, Coun- cils, and Fathers) presently replied, "If your Majesty grants this, you will unbishop your Bishops." Do the Early Fathers say that Bishops had, by divine right, the sole power and authority of ordaining to the ministry ? Never ! Ignatius says, that Presbyters were not even to babtize, nor do anything, without the Bi- shops. This no more proves that they could not ordain than they could not baptize. But the Fathers give us the reason of this restriction upon Presbyters, viz. that it was for the honour of the Bishop, for the peace of the church, and to prevent divisions : so say Tertullian, Jerome, and Augustine. All this proves their opinion of a divine right for good order, and peace in the church, and that such an arrangement was the best way of securing these ends ; and it proves nothing more. All deduced from it besides, is mere sophistry and chicanery. The result, then, of this investigation of the Apostle- ship of Bishops, is, 1st. that the greatest champions of high church Episcopacy are divided amongst themselves upon it ; 2nd. that the scheme necessarily concedes that scripture Bishops and Presbyters were one and the same order ; 3rd. that every prerogative which the twelve Apostles had, as distinguished from scripture Presbyters, was temporary and extraordinary, and that Bishops inherit none of them ; 4th. that as to the name of Apostle, as appropriate to the twelve, the claim of Bishops to it is absurd, as it could not be appropriate to the twelve, and yet common to others ; 5th. that, as used in a larger sense, all preachers of the gospel had it alike, in the apostles days ; and after those days also. So that neither in the name, nor in the thing, is one single prerogative found, to which Bishops have any exclusive claim. Presbyters, therefore, are as much Apostles as Bishops are ; and, by the word of God, as the Reformers declare, they are one and the same office and order : all distinctions between them are of human origin ; and consequently have no more than human au- thority. Finally, then, we conclude with Dodwell, that "the office of the Apostles perished with the Apostles ; in which office there never was any succession to any of them, except to Judas the Traitor :"— with the learned Dr. Barrow, we conclude, "The Apostolical office, as such, was personall and temporary ; and therefore, ac- cording to its nature and designe, not successive or com- municable to others in perpetuall descendence from them. It was, as such, in all respects extraordinary, conferred in a speciall manner, designed for speciall pur- poses, discharged by speciall aids, endowed with speciall privileges, as was needful for the propagation of Chris- tianity, and founding of Churches. With Whitaker, the celebrated Protestant champion, that "Munus Episcopi nihil est ad munus Apostolicum — that the office of a Bishop has nothing to with the office of an Apostle.' And thus, being fortified by Protestant authorities, we concur with Bellarmine, the great Popish controversialist, that "Episcopi nullam habent partem veræ Apostolicæ auctoritas —Bishops have no part of the true Apostolical authority." The early Bishops were, indeed, frequently called Apostles by ecclesiastical writers, because they then were the chief in preaching the gospel, and converting the heathen to God. This is what our missionaries now do. They are the modern Apostles of Christianity. Xavier, who never was a Bishop, was the Apostle of Japan. But when do our modern Bishops undertake this labour ? At the time of the Reformation Latimer lashes them for their entire neglect of preaching. Sti- mulated by the zeal of other churches, a few persons have gone out from the church of England as Bishops among the heathen, as the Bishop of Calcutta, &c.; Let them have their due praise. The writer honours such men as the present Bishop oi Calcutta. However they are not strictly Apostolical Bishops ; they generally go where the laborious missionary has first laid the founda- tion. There perhaps has not been a single instance, for the last thousand years, of a Bishop deserving the title of Apostolical Bishop, by going to preach Christ where he was not named. Away, then, with all this parade about Apostolical Bishops ! 