THE THURSDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1846 -# " Alcorn to no master, of no sect am I." DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. THE ORATORIO. THE first and second parts, together with a portion of the third part, of Handel's Messiah, were given at the Victoria Theatre on Tuesday, for the benefit of the Commercial Reading Rooms and Library. The music had been got up under the direction of Messrs. Johnson, and the performers comprised nearly the whole of the available musical skill of the city. On the arrival of His Excellency the Governor, who was well received, the National Anthem was sung by the choir, accompanied by the whole orchestra, and the same was repeated at the conclusion. The Overture was played with considerable taste and precision, which prepared us for our usual treat in the succeeding tenor solo, " Comfort ye my People when, she ! out squeaked a shrill treble, pitched a full octave above the composer's score, and we fancied we heard the ghost of old Handel exclaim, in his well known phrase, "The fey vii, the fey vii! dat in no ma moose." What in the name of com -nor sense could tempt Mr. Johnson to suffer the beautiful harmony of this sublime air to be turned upside down in this manner especially as he had one or two good tenors competent to sing the part. While thus condemning an inexcusable error, we hasten to express our admiration of the manner in which Mrs. Bushelle sang " I know that my Redeemer liveth," which is one of the finest airs within the whole range of musical composition. Passing over the choruses "And the Glory of the Lord," and "He shall purify," as well as Mr. F. Howson's " But who may abide, in which there was little remarkable, we come to the solo, " Behold a Virgin shall conceive," which was given by Mrs, Gibbs with great accuracy, always excepting her defective articulation of the words. The chorus, " O thou that tallest," went passably well, but Mr. Waller's " For behold darkness, was a little darker, we apprehend, than the composer could have intended or wished. It is but fair to say that this gentleman was very useful in the choruses for which alone his voice is fitted. The master stroke of the evening was decidedly, the choral fugue, " For unto us a child is born." This, had the number and power of voices been quadrupled, would have been perfect. And truly there is nothing finer extant of its kind. The Pastoral Symphony was beautifully played, and Mrs. Stirling did tolerable justice to the four succeeding recitatives. The chorusses " Glory to God," and " Hw yoke is easy," were also free from serious objection, and the same might be said of the air " Rejoice greatly," had not Mrs. Bushelle outstripped the modesty of oratorio canons by acting the part. The exquisite pastoral air " He shall feed his flock," was sung by Madame Carandini with good effect. The other pieces worthy of special remark were " He was despised," beautifully intoned by Mr. J. Howson ; " But thou didst not leave," by Mrs. Wallace, (which as it was sung badly the first time, the audience kindly encored ;) " How beautiful are the feet," sung with feeling by Mrs. Stirling; and the Halle- Rajah Chorus, which last was, we believe, sung in tune on this occasion, for the first time in New South Wales. At the last Oratorio, it was actually transformed into an adagio. It may be remarked of the choruses, in general, that the uppermost and lowermost parts were sung with much precision, but that the reverse was the case with respect to the intermediate parts, particularly the altos. Besides His Excellency the Governor and Lady Gipps, we observed present His Excellency the Commander of the Forces and suite, and the Right Worshipful the Mayor and family. The boxes of the Theatre were crowded with persons of fashion, a proof out of many, that however faulty in some respects the musical taste of the colony may be, it is sufficiently prevalent to be worthy of cultivation and improvement 