TO THE EDITOR OP THE REGISTER. I SIR-On accidentally coming into town on Sa turday afternoon, I was perfectly astonished to find a private letter of mine to the Reverend James Farrell in the columns of your Wednes day's paper. A letter, the writing of which, was known to no ooe but myself, and the party to whom it was addressed - a letter which I in tended to be known to none beside, until the day when the secrets of all hearts shall be un veiled before the Creator and Judge of mankiud. What could induce Mr Farrell to publish such a letter in the newspapers, is more than I eau comprehend. Respect for (he ministerial cha racter, regard for the welfare of the Episcopalian community, and that charity vt ¡th which every one dight to be clothed who ministers in divine things, forbid meto suppose that lie inte ded it to elicit the bitter tirade against me which ap peared in your columns the very next day. But, whatever may have been his motive, since the public have been-on whom to lay the blame, I know not-given to understand that I addressed that letter to him through the medium of the press, it becomes my duty, in self defence, to stale that its appearance in print was vrithout my concurrence or knowledge. To you, and «« A Churchman," I have a word or two to say iii reply. Before 1 proceed, how ever, allow me to remark that, considering that you are a Dissenter, the manner in which you have treated the important question of provision for the spiritual wants of the Episcopalians of the province, does you great credit. The ex pression of your sentiments indicates both li berality and good feeling. Farther I cannot commend either you or your correspondent. Ye both tu/n round on me; and the " Churchman *' iu a temper indicative of anything but a Chris tian spirit. 1 trust you will not decline the publication of my answer, because it ts a little lengthy. The bite of a viptr occupies a poiut scarcely per ceptible, and the deadly venom is poured into tile incision in an instant. Not so with ihe cure, if it ever he effected, lt requires both space and time. Having lent your colums to the abuse and slander of my character- an injury which you can uever repair, either in this world or the next, for libel is irreparable-you are bound lo admit the antidote to the poison. Whether it remedy th« evil you have done or oot. it is the on'y reparation now in your power. Ye charge me with neglecting the interests of the Church wh-n '* wealthy, and professedly a banker!" in my batiking capacity, I wa« merely an assistant to the agent of a company, to ali of whom I was personally au utter stranger. Would it have been honest to appro, priate the futids of others, without their consent or knowledge, to the building of churches or the maintenance of ministers? Would it have been honest so to dispose of my own futids, while un certain vt hellier I had sufficient to meet unknown liabilities, which I might be called upon to make good at a moment's wanting? Ye think it would have beeu honest and commendable. L think otherwise. My ideas of morality and yours are therefore at variance- diametrical:}' opposed each to the other, and wide as the poles. Churches ought to be built, but uot by dishonest menus. Ye are evidently neither of you aware that in days that are past, when 1 had it iu my power, [ was not back?, nrd with either my purse or my services in the cause of truth and righteousness. I have been a benefactor lo the Church to the extent ef thousands ; and she is at this moment in possession of hundreds annually, (he fruit of my labors to promote ihe salvation of the hea then. Were (he ministers and professors ol religiou in this settlement tn do what I have done for the maintenance and spread of Chris tianity, there would uot be a town, a family, or an individual in the province without religious instruction. " Am I become a fool in gloiifyingl Ye have compelled me." So far was L front beiug indifferent to ** the religious position of the colonists here," that 1 urged upon Mr Howard, not many days after my first an iva!, the necessity and importance oi immediate assistance iu such a field of labor; on which 1 was sharply told, by one whose name I forbear tu rucutiou, that assistance was coming. The next charge brought against me is my poverty. This ought (o piocure me, not con tempt, but esteem. What a stiange planet is this of ours. Had I acted dishonestly, and come out of the troubles in which £ was in volved a wealthy man, the world would have coutitiued to smile upou me; but now it seems I am to be reproached for my integrity ! No moral blame can attach to the failure of any man ia the storm which recetitly involved all the Australian colonies in a ruinous insolvency ; but of all that failed-some for tens and some i for hundreds of thousands-I was the o ii ly man that could publish ia print that I owed no man anything. Was a banker or a bankrupt ever known to make such a boast ? Is poverty, und r ¡ such circumstances, a disgrace ? Does it not rather reflect the highest honor ? Why, then, am I reproached for such a failure? Will the Register never purge itself of the vindictive feeliug infused into it by (hose who wished to crush a rival establishment? Will (he colony never for. give me for throwing into il thousands of pounds for which I never teceived (hanks or remunera tion ? Was it'an unpardonable crime to attempt to throw into it tens of thousands? Am I to conclude that the colonists are mad ? They one day cry for the introduction of capital, and the next abuse those that bring it to them. Even dogs, though they may quarrel about their food, will not turn round and tear to pieces the man that feeds them. The charge that I have ''been known here as a reckless speculator/' I fling back with the indignation that such a falsehood merits. Not a promissory note, not a bill of acceptance, not a bill of exchange, not a draft, nota single scrap of paper bearing my name was ever dishonored. Nor did I incur debts which £ could not pay, or misappropriate any of the funds intrusted to my care. Nay, more-if I am to judge of men as I (ind them-there is not one in a thousand that would have come out of such temptations and such difficulties as those into which 1 was plunged, with a clear conscience and a spotless character. Thank God, I possess both ; and nothing but vindictive malice would dare to im peach either the one or the other. There is not a particle of evidence to support the accusation of " reckless speculation." The sneer that I " would fain resume the ministerial charaeter"offieiaIly iscouched in terms that make me doubt whether your correspondent be what he professes. " The cassock" is a word of contempt applied to the clerical order, and does not become either the lips or the pen of " A Churchman." Be that as it may, you may inform both him and Mr Fan ell, that, were the situation of the latter now vacant, 1 would not accept of it ; much less would I consent to be come his assistant - so utterly without fouuda lion jp- the insinuation that my attachment to the Church, and my desire for her prosperity, arise only from a wish to be " put into the priest's office that I may eat a morsel of bread." Greatly as I love the name and delight in the employment of a minister, [ have had for years a still higher object in view than that of dis charging the common duties of the ministerial office ; and this turns all my thoughts, for the present, from the public walks of life to retire ment, excepting so far as incidents affecting the welfare of maukiud, tempotarily or eternally, may occasionally induce me to take up my pen. ; The insinuation against my honor, were it I necessary or proper to gratify vindictive malice, might be easily set at rest by a reference to the ecclesiastical records of an archiepiscopal see in the United Kingdom, where I received both deacon's and priests ordets, many years ago, and that with the highest honor that could be conferred upon any of the many candidates then admitted to the sacred office along with me. 1 was a clergyman of the Church of England when Mr Farrell was a babe in the nursery. But what will the honor of ordination avail either me or him. if we have not the spirit « f Christ-if we have no seals to our ministry? If we be not instrumental to the reformai iou and the salva tion of the world, it will only sink us deeper in guilt and condemnation. The image of the Saviour, with its hallowing influence on ali around, is infinitely more valuable thau the right to wear clerical garments and authority to preach and administer ordinances ; and this does not always accompany the laying on of hands ; nor is it anywhere limited to that ceremony, as in numerable instances of clerical and lay ministra tion daily testify. Au unbroken line of men, ordained to serve at the Christian altar, from the j time of the Apostles downward to every suc ceeding generation,-is in itself proper, and would have been an evidence to unbelievers of some importance, had not its influence been entirely destroyed by the worldly mindedness and the j grose inmoralities of thoî-e, both in and out of i Romo, who make it their boast and their only title j to the exercise of the sacred office. But who is ! there that loves the Lord Jesus Christ in sin ¡ eerily that would not give all (he honors of the j Apostolic succession to the winds, to be made instrumental to the salvation of one soul. This j is an enduring pleasure ; the mere privilege of ' wea ri ug a gown will be only a source of bitter reflection when time ushers tb the approaching i scenes of eternity. But 1 never published the circumstance that I was a clergyman. Who, then, bas a light to demand the information ? Who has a right to libel and insult me in the public papers, by in sinuating doubts of my veracity ? Is the press so degraded in this province that eiditors and their correspondents, think it a proper vehicle to gratify some of the worst pro pensities of the wicked, and fancy that they are st liberty to act as Inquisitors General over aoy individual (bey please, by pandering to the passions af some rich ar influential partisan, in the sacrifice «>f the character, situation, and prospects of their victim? When editors, for getting their station and their duty, open their columns to such vile communications, they might at least qualify the mischief by sternly rebuking their author«. This would cost them only a little ink ; and, if honestly done, would prove them innocent of participation iu the crime. What have I done to provoke these angry ebullitions? Nothing whatever. It is therefore consoling to reflect that it is written, "When men revile you. and persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you, falsely, for my sake, rejoice, and be exceeding glad. " Here 1 have been for seven yeats, aud I defy any man to prove that 1 have done anything morally wrong, or been guilty <>f a single iuiproptiety during the whole of that time. My servants who have known my manner of life, and my most secret move ments, can bear testimony. Ask them did they ever know anything tn me unbecoming a man, a gentleman, or a Christian ? Elsewhere, 1 do not remember a congregation to whom I ministered any length of time that was not deeply affected i at my farewell ; nor do I remember a servant (bat did not shed tears on leaving my service, till I came tu Australia. Suffer me to remind you, and those for whom you cater, that it is written *' Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." This is the shield of my protection. Let them that would snatch it trom me, beware. None ever yet escaped that rushed on the bosses of this buckler. But what does your correspondent mean when he tells the Episcopalians and the public that I am not worthy of respect P True, I have not recently attended the levees at Government House ; I have for some time ceased to move in fashionable circles. I never make my appearance in assemblies where surfeiting and inebriety are the order of the day ; nor do I always dress in the first Btyle of fashion-ray circumstances not permitting it; and I never mean to allow the tailor to cat me into a fine figure-which he can, the most worthless-at the expense of my character. If these things be essential to the respectability of a minister, [ must confess myself utterly disqualified. But I endeavour to lead à life blameless in jj¡he sight of God and man.-Is this worthy of respect ? I deny myself of the comforts, and even the necessaries of life, living at times on bread and irater that I may owe no man anything.-Is this worthy of respect ? Whea in my power, I relieve and minister to the wants of those in distress.-Is this worthy of respect? I reprove sin, wherever I meet with it, in rich and poor, notwithstanding the insults and persecution it brings upon me.-ls this worthy of respect ? I mingle at times with those in humble life, when I find them either intel ligent or upright, in order to persuade them to mind the things that belong to their everlasting peace.-ls this worthy of respect ? I assemble those providentially in- ; trusted to my care on the Sabbath ; I pray with them ; I read and expound the Scriptures to them, exhorting them to flee from the wrath to come.-Is this worthy of respect ? I do all, too, without fee or reward.-Is this worthy of respect? "A Churchman" will probably think that the last, instead of being worthy of respect, vitiates all the rest. He seems to have no idea of the command *' Freely ye have received" the Word, of Life, " freely give" it to others. This, in his estimation, is by no means respectable. With him there mast be a distinct stipulation before the Gospel be preached to a perishing world ! What specious nonsense men can talk and write ! i When I see the numerous pulpit« of our Dissenting brethren filled with men of piety, zeal, and talent, I re joice: when I behold the Episcopalians-the people of my own Church-wandering about ia thousands, as sheep that have no shepherd, I cannot but mourn. Yet, it seems I dare not, even prívatelo, stir them up, or urge them to raise a cry to the mother country for help, with out being dragged before the public, libelled, and abused, They appear unmoved even by the honorable example set them by Rome. I do not mean the word honorable to apply to the ignorance, the superstition, the anti Scriptural worship, or the traditional authority which forms the foundation of the faith of the sect bearing that name : but to their sincerity. This they prove-few and poor as they are-hy procuring a bishop and two priests to minister and extend the ordinances of their religion. The Episcopalians-numerous and wealthy-act as if they considered neither their own salvation, nor that of others, a matter of any consideration. And who ii to blame for this state of things? Most assuredly those to whom their salvation is officially intrusted-those who are paid for attending to their moral welfare. I say this in grief, not in anger. Though held up to open srorn, I am com pelled to bear the same testimony in public as in private. I dare not retract the warning I have given, as I value the sods of men, the welfare ot the Church, and the favor ¡ of Him whom I serve. Mr Farrell is not greater than j the angels of the Churches whom the Redeemer addressed from the Isle of Patmos. Why should he not repent as well as they* Repentance and humiliation will not lessen him either in the sight of the Moßt High or ia the estimation of the people. On the contrary, contrition and supplication will bring down a blessing upon him and them. Let me farther admonish him that, unless his ministrations b«» accompanied by Divine influence, the scene of his tabers wi I ever resemble " a field which the Loid hath not blessed." li will be dry and«bauen. But,were the Spnit poured out from on high upon him and hrs people-the Spirit that de scended on the day ut Pentecost-the Spirit that inspired the «arty i s and the Reform« rs-the Spirit that burns in the! heart of every minister that is divinely called to the 6acred j office-thc work of conversion would begin; aol then j minimere, and means to support them, would ta found in j abundance. Then reproof would not be required; and the j counsel of a friend would give no offence. Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is peace, und love, and humility. Wou'd it not he wiser to take warning, than be found hereafter «¡ti the blood of souls on ht skirts? Would il not he better to rerent, than to encounter the frowns of an offended Judge on the last day P Provision shouîd most assured I j be made for Hie ministers of die Gospel. In this, I and " A Churchman" are perfectly ! agreed, but we differ widely as to the time and manner in 1 which it should be done. He thinks a bargain should be first j made, and then the minister ¿hoold be sent. Supposing the Saviour hid sent the Apostles only io those who would first j agree to make a provision, for their maintenance, how much ol' the world would they have converted ? Away with such low, eaithly calculations, when we talk of saving the souls or men. Send at once for a bishop, and at least ten ministers; and, if theil be men of God, the people will not be backward j to make provision for their maintenance. He that feeds the yoong ravens when thev cry, will not suffer bis ministers to perish with hunger. But (hey must be men that seek the salvation of souls-not men, however well dressed, well bred, and welt educated, that enter "the priest's office" mei ely to obtain salarie*. i The time, too, which "A Churchman" selects for the publication of this tirade, is not a little remarkable. ?ould he think of no fitter occasion to show himself the champion of one minister, by abasing another, than that hallowed day on which the Redeemer was born ? Could he find no other day to raise strife and contention, than that on which angels descended, and sang " Glory to God in the highest, peace on earth, and.good will towards men 1" And on this day you lend your columns to circulate abuse and libel throughout the province ! The scurrility of your correspondent I feel almost disposed lo pas«. Come from whom it may, it is utterly unworthy of a Christian, a gentleman, or a man. On you, who appear one day in thc pulpit, and another in the printing office, and on the other thirty dissenting lay preachers be enumerates, the term hybrid throws as much contempt as the employment of it was intended to reflect on me ; but you and " A Churchman" seem to be on such good terms that th» en tirely escapes your notice. The term hybrid has a most unfortunate application to men who are flrangera to the spirit and the saving power «f Christianity ; and who, though ordained, know nothing of the ministry, beyond its emolu ments, apd the official tomine of its duties. Ia calling me " a hybrid priest," because 1 happened te be for a time engaged io banking affairs, does he mean it to be inferred that the trade of a banker is less honorable than that of a tent maker P-Or did it entirely escape his recol lection that St. Paul was a tent maker, as well as a miáis? tart Would he dare to call him a hybrid apostle, because he labored with his awn hands for his own support, and the 6pread of the Gospel 1 On this point I say not a word more. Let me hope the writer will, on reflection, blush at his ignorance, and tremble for its consequences at a higher tribunal. I have only farther to remark, that in holding me up to contempt as "poor and well known" he was inadveitently giving me an apostolic commendation. " Now ye are full," says St. Paul, "now ye are rich, ye "have reigned as kings without us.-For I think God hath set forth ns the apostles last, aa it were appointed to death'; for we are made a spec tacle unto the world, and to -engels, and to men. We are fools for Christ'ss*ke. but ye are wise in Chrict; weare weak, but ye are strong ; ye are honorable, but «ve are despised. Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, end are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwelling place, and labor, working with our own hands.*' And again : " In all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses, in stripes, tn imprisonments. in tumults, in labors, io watchings in fastings ; by pureness, by knowledge, bylong suffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armor of righteousness, by honor and dishonor, by evil report and good report, as deceivers and yet true ; as unknown and yet well known ; as dying, and behold toe live ; as chastened and not killed ; as sorrowful, yet always rejoicing ; as poor, yet making many rich.'' What sad work the apostle makes of " A Churchman s" respectability. -I am, Sir, I Yours respectfully, R. L. Hain. January. I, 1849. Illness bas-prevent*,.: tbe earlier transmission gi ibis letter. . 