THE LITERARY EXAMINER. Lays and Legends. By Camilla Tqulmin. Lou don. J. How, 1845. The most cynical critic could scarcely fail to forego his snarl on glancing over the contents of this grace ful volumn, whose glittering shell does not disappoint the palate with the kernel which it encases. If the authoress do not possess a vast deal of book-learning to make the sage more wise, and to pilot the states- man over the wide sea of political economy, she may, ' at least, lay claim to a most Protean genius., which jflits from grave to gay with a wing as fairy « like and variegated as that of the tiny humming-bird of the Orient. As a contributress to the numerous periodi cals of the day Miss Toulmin has long been known ; hut this, we believe, is the first , time that her -efforts Lave appeared in a concentrated form . The scene of these u- Lays and Legends " is laid in Devonshire, the loviest of. all the English counties, and whose romantic landscapes could scarcely fail to raise a thousand glowing visions in a young and ardent mind, Ex tract, rather than e aborate criticism, will make our readers best aquainted with the lady's offering. There is a fund of mournful tenderness in the following stanzas. As down the stream the hours glide on Beneath Time's shadowy wing,. I . feel that whatso'er it seem, ; . Life is an earnest thing I ? w 'T must not cast my anchor mong <' "The hidden rocks and shoals, O'er which, beside its flower- crpwn'd bank, Youth's limped river rolls. _ > . . I can hut snatch with trembling hand ' ' Some blossoms from the shore, v The while my bark sails swiftly on, Though we return no more. >. Yet, lit by Memory's moon-light beam. , - Youth, rising to our sight, . Perchance looks faiVer from afar ,« Than by intenser light. For blacken'd ruins, bleak and cold; That rise from ont the flowers, May take a form of mournful grace In Memory's moonlight hours,! On — on — the stream is widening fast,. We ask for Fortune's breeze : To fill our sails, and bear us soon - \- To Life's more open seas. ; ; And now we seek the st3r above That guides us on aright, Though lending to each mortal eye Perchance a different light. Still to one haven does it lead, And ever, as we gaze, - , I.t grows more bright, with Heaven's light,. And wide expanding rays.. - --o-?:.. ?- Ah ! better by the star above To steer with trusting heart, Than bend a downward eye to mark : A worldling's crowded chart. . The experience of no.other mindi Precisely suits our own ; By light beforehand silvery wake, Qur. pathway may- be known. On-on- we find a- few stray gems From Wisdom's treasure-keep ; But here we cannot anchor drop, The waters are too deep. We seize the gems, and wreath them with - The flowers of love and youth, And fear no ill, though waves run high, If at the helm sits Truth. Truth ! — -that still dazzles weakest eyes, Although to it is given t . To teach us, by its radiant light, To know the light of Heaven ! The beautiful little gem beneath embodies most touching truth respecting the false and worldly sys tem which is adopted both in the treatment and edu cation of the rising generation. CHILDHOOD. Surely, the weeping skies look down on few things so pure and perfect as childhood's prayer. It has none of earth's dross about it ; none of the corruption of earth's strong hopes and ardent wishes, that will mingle with holier beseephings, and weigh down with their heavy chains to thsoul's aspiring wings. Who was it— some noted sage,. I think, who, when asked, after a long life, to name the moat wonderful and beautiful object he had ever known, answered promptly, "-the mind of a young phild ? " And yet it is a page the least studied,, and the most superficially read,, of all the most beautiful ones which crowd the book of Nature ; and those who do not intuitively feel this truth can scarcely be taught it. Who is it that mars this beauti ful tablet ? The world. And is not each individual one atom, one unit, of this " world,"- so commonly abused ? How often has. Genius recorded the sorrows of chi'Jd-hood. — because Genius can express as well as suffer; and of these sorrows, the sad un satisfied yearning for sympathy is always the deepest!- N.o, the common cruelty to. children is, that we do not even try to raise our minds to the simplicity and truth which make the bright atmosphere of their being ; and, alas ! we too often repel their gushing affection with the fool's weapon of ridicule ; while as for their minds, they are crushed with the cold cutting avalanche of facts, which is called education ! - Here follow on the legends old of brave Sir Francis Drake, Who according to sage chroniclers made England's foes to quake. legends of sir francis drare, Content with the. marvels by sea and by land, Which History's pause seems to quite understand, Supli as fighting, and killing, and burning, and sto?jrni)E!gji Qn which her .close pages are amply informing She leaves, to Tradition To make the addition, _ And blow, in the trumpet apportion'd to Fame, Those weak treble notes On which every one dotes, When tcged to the chord of a great hero's name. . ' r Though srtie does mention make, . How the great Francis Drake " Encompass'd the earth," and then did behold " ...J; -..V....' The clustering stars hat for ever have roll'd, To mark where the South has its desert of cold, And the icebergs .are locked in the iron embrace < / - - The pocr slanting sunbpamsin vain would displace. Bnt such things as these she merelyhasspace =. To tell us of briefly ; _ For History chiefly -Delights, with a tear and agore-bedipp'd pen, . J To tell of the doings of so-called great men, / , <. --y Whose genius all lay > ' v A A 1 V- That remarkable way, or \ u.-. Which taught them to unmake, undo, and destroy, - But ne'er to grant others a blessing or joy. Was it greater to rob the poor Spaniards of gold, ; v And drive them from where they establish'd their hold, (For, to stand to the truth here, Sir Francis appears A. But one, after all, of your hold buccaneers), Than to skim, with his trusty and fair " Golden Hind," Round the girdling ocean a pathway to find For the brave hearts of oak, which, since that same time; ' Have made ocean theirs under every clime? r fj No; such little facts one would wish to expand ; Then beckon Tradition before us to stand ; Forgetting the scenes of bloodshed and woe, And poor Doughtie's ghost, that I almost could vow, Drake oftentimes saw at the Gplden's Hind's prow. . J lhe poor Plymouth folks were in terrible trouble ; - 4i| For them not a spring of fresh water would bubble : ; - The houses were dirty, and so were there faces, And ev'ry thing bore unmistakable traces That water, whenever, it did' condescend To pay them a visit, though such a dear friend; Like a stranger was. treated — that is, what I mean, Though welcoiji'd, was never made free with, I ween. The children had heard, but they couldn't believe — For who would a fiction so monstrous receive That there, where some strange pieces, where little boys couli If they pleased and were really remarkably good, Have tubs-uf fresh water. alL sparkling and sweet, ?; To sail little boats ip, oe dabble their feet. ; And to heighten the jtjale, and make it complete, ; ; They were told that these san\e little fortunate boys jj!: Would, have thought it the height of all sublunar joysr Their fittle barks frail On the. ocean to sail - / And to dabble their toes " Where the em'rald wave throws,. ; With its own matchless tinge, , . i / Its foaming pearl fringe. — - To melt as it touches the thirsty good sand. . But I think it is easy, to quite understand . 3; How the little boys cared not for ocean so grand';, :. And 'twas only in nature, For, every creature, - Because the sea water — so housewives declare— s. i „ Vvron't cleanse dingy flpors,rand make linen fair. - To entirely abjure all its services sure, And calmly, endure ;r / ; Dirty faces, whiqh. really a sea dip might cure. ; Said Sir Francis one day. he'd just landed, to say - He'd brought a few tons of gold to the bay,) " This never will do — come,, give me a horse, And we'll find a plan for a fresh-water course !" Then he mounted? ip haste, and? set off at a trot . >: - >? 1 : But if he was thrown, is. registcr'd not ; Though they say that,, of awkward things under the sun, - A sailor on horseback's the awkwardest one, ..,f; Soon arrived at Dartmoor, .. ,1 For a spring he did bore, . 1 , » And whisper'd and jabber'd the mystical lore, ; Which his spirit familiar had taught him before ; , < i J Till, with hissing and dashing, . . - And foaming and splashing, . : : The water uprose and gurgled about, Not knowing as yet piecisely its route : - , , \ But the instant that Drake turned his horse from tfie place,; And bounded away at, a- gal loping pace, 3 So sparkling and swejt - \ ' It followed his-feet, . . : And conveniently laid , - The dust that he made , r 7 , ,n!. By that very rem.arable ride.. 1 ; , Though it surely beside 't r tr -r Delved the fine watercourse < Which, from Dartmoor's pure source,, r -%i S upplies - so they say — — , Plymouth folk to. this day V (Qr at least that it did As >.ir Francis Drake bid,. Till the gold that he lavished with generous han,d - , Worked the service more sure tliai> hi conjurer's wand.), The next tale they tell . ' May match very well With that I have just related : ;; Another great deed . In the time of need, Which is something in this way narrated.- 1 v.-.- And by which we suspect, , V 0,r rather detect, ... . , .?j < Lf vr,. A trivial mistake . " <5( Grave History did make. . When she wrote so that every one understands, That formed by the common labour of hands Were the ships that opposed, on the British main, : & The mighty Ai;mda from liaughly Spain. No such thing Francis Drake, on the very same day When they told him the fleet like a huge crescent lay In the deep purple water, far out of the bay, ' At skittles or bowls, was; indulging in play : t On fine Plymouth Hoe— so the good people say. - , And he stopp'd not his game " fr; for lucre or fame ; / . : . But when it was flnish'd, . ' ' Though t.ime was diminish'd, ? He palled for some wood, . -V And thejpe wliere he stood, . ; Crying oply " Once JEpore trust in mei'1 ' - .1 V>. : f n Ghopp'd it up in small blocks, . Then oyer thp rocks He threw them far into the sea; , & v-f$ Fv And each .rose from its di . A stately fine ship, ' - / Mann'd and armed for a blue water trip. And these were the vessels that certainly scattered The fleet that at last by the tempest was shattered! And the Spirit that help'd him of course you qcpist know 'Twas a white spirit working but good and not woe.— . Had the marvellous power At each place and hour, . To shew his good master What joy or disaster Elsewhere might b.e happening thpp. No doubt that Dame Drake thought, of all best of men, h Her spouse was far better than 'nine out of ten ; But 6even Ipng years,9r j think even fiypy / £ ' Without one short line— My dear, I'm alive," < Seem a very long time for the desolate mood Of this lonely sort of a half-widowhood. Seven years — after twenty — don't add to the face ' Or figure, you know, one beauty or grace ; And probably thus much her mirror might sav, 'For the Dame felt herself « Quite laid on the shelf, Put there out of every one's way. (Yet Iv'e often observed that folks shelved for a while - ' -:- Trip down very lightly with quite a bright smile, ; - ; And astonish the band of acquaintances dear - And really as happy as any appear ; -? But this in parenthesis, pardon it, pray.), - Well, at'last out of patience, the worthy Dame Drake Determined a second dear husband to take — She reasori'd that really the first' must be dead : ""if lie was'nt, he should be," the second one said- And so in the Church in wedding parade. And portly brides finery, duly array M j The dame with Tier friends - ' And the bridegroom attends. - - White sprite gave itcafl, " And Drake saw it all, ; - ' ' Though his ship just then rode - At the far Antipode : B'ut this- was no matter Nor worth- any clatter . : ; Of tongues to advise or suggest ; v But he loaded a cannon the largest and 'best, - And pointing ir downwards the ball! traversal through The mighty round earth, its mission to do ;. Till with noise it uprose, At the trembling bride's toes,. And smother'd her almost with dust.. : "Oh! i hope lie'il forgive me! He wiH, I must trust, JShe exclaimed, "Shut the book ! — Not a word must there be — I tell you for certain Drake's signal you see !" If she fainted away On my word I can't say : » But of those who are given to roaming, It would really be kind, - If they oft'ner would find Time to write home — " My dear I am coming !-"' - "This is a specimen of the vis comica of .the Authoress, which is well seconded by some admirably illustra tive wood-cnts, that, with the other adjuncts, have 'made the volume one of the best hits of the season. 