MR. O'KEEFE'S ADVENTURES IN AUSTRALIA. Air--"Larry O'Gaff." When in ould Tipperary a broth of a boy I was, I bate all the men, and the women's sole joy I was; But times got so bad, sure, that out of employ I was, And no brogues to his trotters had Barney O'Keefe. To the priest then I went, and sis I, I'm long waiting now, No work can I get, and I want to be aiting now; You spalpeen, sis he, you must go emigrating now: So to Sydney he sent off poor Barney O'Keefe. Oh dideroo whack--skies look'd black--captain too calling loud-- Ship pitching--I retching--sailors too bawling loud; Faith, I might as well be on the top of a thunder cloud, For the devil's broke loose here, said Barney O'Keefe. But they landed me safe, and at first struck near dumb I was, Till I met an ould fellow, he saw a new chum I was; I said for employment to furrin parts come I was; He said, I'll assist ye then, Barney O'Keefe. He'd a mighty respect for the boys of our nation too, For he hired me at once to go up to his station too, At five pounds a year! and an illigant ration too-- Whoo! your fortune is made, sis I, Barney O'Keefe. Oh dideroo whack--wid my pack gaily I started then, To Liverpool Plains--I was pleased and lighthearted then: Arrah, mother, sis I, if ye hadn't departed then, You'd be pleased at the luck of your Barney O'Keefe. But there I soon found I'd not much to brag on though, And I thought, by my sowl 'tis a dull life to drag on though; When a black gin came up, wid the divil a rag on though-- Bad luck to your manners, said Barney O'Keefe. Then she leer'd and said, baal me like blackfellow Jackey now, Me stop long with you--fatter beef and tabaccy now; And have piccaninny now!-- Sis I, Mrs. Blackey now, Your mighty obliging to Mr. O'Keefe. Oh dideroo whack--white and black--I've heard an orashun That the want of this counthry is more population, Shure the founder I'll be of a whitey brown nation; So you're welcome entirely, sweet Mrs. O'Keefe. But one day after this, as watching the sheep I went, 'Twas so murthering hot, in the shade for to creep I went-- Got under a gum tree, and soon fast asleep I went, Never dhraming of danger to Barney O'Keefe. I woke, rubb'd my eyes, and looked round like noddy-- then I got a polthogue from a black fellow's waddy then; It fell on my head, but went through my body then, And flat as a flounder went Barney O'Keefe. Oh dideroo whack--then some black divils did grin away, And sis one, you that white fellow carry my gin away, Then he gave me another that made my head spin away, And bothered completely was Mr. O'Keefe. And when I came round for my sheep I did look about, But the divil a road could I find that they'd took about, Though I search'd every valley, hill, gully, and brook about-- Oh wirra! I'm ruined, cried Barney O'Keefe. For the black fellows thought they had made me a ghost, ye see, So they drove of my sheep, and of some made a roast, ye see, And the rest, shure the native dogs throttled the most, ye see-- Faith, they didn't leave many for Barney O'Keefe. Oh dideroo whack--weary back then to my hut away-- Found Mrs. O'Keefe wid her black fellow cut away, Stole my blankets, tabaccy, my rations, and shirt away-- May the divil fly away wid you, said Barney O'Keefe. When the masther he found that my flock it was short, agrah! Oh ye blackguard, sis he, you shall go up to court, agrah! And the magistrate said, my boy you shall be taught, agrah! So listen to me, Mr. Barney O'Keefe: For the sheep that you've lost you must be after paying now, Or else for six months in the gaol you'll be staying now, Och! murder, sis I, 'tis for mercy I'm praying now; But no pity he'd show for poor Barney O'Keefe. Oh dideroo whack--in a black hole of a place I lay, On bread and cold wather for six months did waste away; But the very first chance for ould Ireland I'll haste away-- Bad luck to Australia, sis Barney O'Keefe. Warrah, 20th December, 1844. 