Domestic Intelligence. Division op the Colony. — Lord Stanley has directed the Executive Council to enquire into the allegations contained in the petition from the members of the Legislative Council, who venresent Port Phillip, which was sent to the Queen about tweive numths since, praying that that district may be erected into a separate colony. We understand the Lou n- TVLwInv. and examined Dr. Nichol- son and Mr. J. P. Robinson.— Herald, The Oratorio. — The first and second parts, together with a portion of the third part, of Handel's Messiah were given at the Victoria Theatre, on Tuesday, for the benefit of the Commercial Reading Rooms and Library. The music had been got up under the management of the Messrs. Johnson, and the performers comprised nearly the whole of the available vocal and instrumental skill of the city. On the arrival of his Ex cellency the Governor, who was well received, the national anthem was sung by the choir, accompanied by the full orchestra; and the same was repeated at the conclusion. The overture was played with considerable taste and precision, which prepared us for our usual treat in the succeeding tenor recitative and aria, " Comfort ye my people when, elieu! out squeaked a shrill treble , pitched full eight notes above the composer's score, and we thought we heard the ghost of old Handel exclaim in his well known phrase " Te teyvil! te teyvil ! dat is no ma moosic." What in the name of common sense could tempt Mr. Johnson to suffer the beautiful harmony of this sublime composition to be turned upside down in this manner, especially as he had one or two good tenors competent to sing the part? While thus condemning an inexcusa ble error, we hasten to express our admiration of the manner in which this lady sang " I know that my Redeemer livethf which is one of the finest airs within the range of musical composition. Passing over the chorusses " And the glory of the Lord " and " He shall purify as well as Mr. F, Howson's recita tive and aria " Hut who may abide" in which there was little remarkable, we come to the solo " Behold a Virgin which was given with great truth by Mrs. Gibbs, always ex cepting her defective articulation of the words. The chorus " O thou that tellest " went pas sably well; but Mr. Waller's 66 For behold darkness " was a little darker than the com poser could have intended. This gentleman was very useful in the chorus, for which alone his voice is adapted. The master stroke of the evening was decidedly the choral fugul " For unto us a child is born " This, had the number and power of the voices been quadrupled, would have been perfect, and truly there is nothing finer, of its kind, ex tant. The Pastoral Symphony was beauti fully given by the orchestra, and Mrs. Stir ling did tolerable justice to the succeeding four recitatives. The chorusses " dory to God " and "His yoke is easy " were also good, and the same might be said of the air " Rejoice greatly by Mrs. Bushelle, had she not outstepped the modesty of oratorio canons by acting the part. The exquisite air "He shall feed his flock " was sung by Mme. Garandini with good effect. The other pieces worthy of special remark were " lie was despised , beautifully intoned by Mr. J. Howson ; the air " But thou didst not leave f by Mrs. Wallace, which as it was sung badly the first time, the audience kindly encored ; " How beautiful are the feet" sung with feeling by Mrs. Stirling, and the Halleluiah Chorus, which last was, we believe, sung in time on this occasion for the first time in New South Wales. On the last occasion it was actually converted into an adagio. It may be remarked of the chorusses in general that the uppermost and lowermost parts were sung with much precision, but that the re verse was the case with respect to the inter mediate parts, particularly the altos. Besides his Excellency the Governor and Lady Gipps, we observed his' Excellency the Commander of the Forces and suite, and the Right Wor shipful the Mayor and family. The boxes of the theatre were Crowded ; a proof out of many, that however faulty in some respects the musical taste of the colony may be, it exists in such a degree as to be worthy of cultivation and improvement. Extensive . Seizure. — On Wednesday afternoon, an extensive seizure was made by Mr. Ryan, the Inspector of Distilleries, at the Emu Brewery, in George- street, Parra- matta, the proprietor of which, Mr. Hayes, was only a few months since fined for illicit distillation, and which was carried on on the very same premises. The modus operandi appears however on the present occasion to be both an improvement and enlarge mention that pursued on the previous one. The spi rit at that time had to pass through several pipes, which were most circuitously placed about different parts of the building before reaching the worm, which in the present in stance was within a few feet of the boiler, being one of those technically knowrn as " condensers," and by an ingenious process cold water kept constantly flowing over it, a large quantity of spirit could he rapidly run off. Some idea of the extent of the loss that the revenue would sustain may be acquired from the circumstance of the boiler being be tween (apparently) 800 or 1000 gallons con tents. There was a large quantity of washs also between three and four casks of singling, found on the premises. In this, as on the previous occasion, Ryan caught Mr. Hayes at full work, and he as well as two men who were engaged m the manufacture were under the provisions of the late Act, taken into cus tody. Mr. Hayes and one of them gave chase, the farmer was Captured under a bed in his house, where he had concealed himself, and the latter contrived to outrun the consta ble who was in pursuit of him. Mr. Hayes subsequently gave bail for his appearance at tne Police Court, on Monday, to answer the present charge, on which day the case will be heard. This is the first seizure since the passing of the Act of Council. — Herald . The Lunacy Case. — -A writ of habeas corpus had been granted on Friday last week, by his honor Mr. Justice a'Beckett, directed to Mr. Joseph Thomas Digby, to bring up the body of Edwin Augustus Withers, an alleged lunatic, confined in his custody. The case came on for argument before his honor Mr. Justice a'Beckett, in Chambers, on Monday morning. Mr. G. R. Nichols ap peared for Mr. Withers, and the Civil Crown Solicitor on the part of Mr. Digby. and his honor after hearing arguments said " I am of opinion thai there is no sufficient warrant of committal to the Parramatta Gaol, nor does it appear that Withers was committed to prison at all in due form, by an order under the hands and seals of the Justices. I am disposed to think that the Governor's order for the removal of Withers is bad, as it does not appear to be in pursuance of a known valid committal to some gaol, house of cor rection, or public hospital ; the prisoner must therefore he discharged." Legal Examiners — The following gen tlemen have been appointed examiners for the ensuing year, under the rule of the Supreme Court : — The Master in Equity, Mr. Darvall, Mr. Owen, and Mr. Johnson. Legislative Council. — Proclamation by his Excellency Sir George Gipps, Knight, Captain- General and Governor-in-Chief of the Territory of New South Wales and its Dependencies, and Yice- Admiral of the same, &c; , &c.; — Whereas the Legislative Council of this colony stands prorogued to Tuesday, the sixth day of January next, and it is expe dient further to prorogue the same: riow, therefore, I, Sir George Gipps, Governor of the colony of New South Walesi do hereby order and proclaim that the said Legislative Council shall be, and the same is accordingly further prorogued to Tuesday, the seven teenth day of February next, Given under my hand and seal, at Government House, Sydney, this 23rd day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun dred and forty-five, and in the ninth year of her Majesty's reign. — George Gipps. Writ or Election. — His Excellency the Governor directs it to be notified, for general information, that Thomas Elder Boyd, Es quire, having in due form resigned his seat in the Legislative Council for the District of Port Phillip, a writ has been issued for the election of a member to serve in the Legisla tive Council for the said district,' during the continuance of the present Council, and that the following arrangement has been made for the said election : — Chief polling place or place of nomination, Melbourne ; other pol ling places, Geelong and Portland ; day of nomination, Friday, 16th January, 1846 ; polling day, Friday, 23rd January, 1846 ; return of writ, Tuesday, 10th February, 1846. 