THE ANTI-MAYNOOTH MEETING AT LI VERPOOL. (From the Liverpool Albion ) The meeting to .oppose and rebuke Sir Robert Peel's increased grant to Maynooth was held on Monday last. 'It was'a total failire. Nay farther, it wias'ratlier a deiobnlitration in favour of the Pre mier's purpose titan one calculated to arrest it. We say this advisedly, and neither ill-naturedly nor invidiously, as'we shall now proceed to shei,. 'The meeting was numerously and respectably attendied. The resolutions were put into able hands. There were old orators, who showed that they ivere'mel .loa'ed and improved by time and practice, and new ones, who, as far as-the eloquence went, performed their part in a most able manner. In short, per se, the gathering had a prima facie look of being a very great affair,-both as to numbers and respecta bility. But, then,,there are such things as compa risons-; and, when submitted to this trying test, it shrinks into nothing, and, as far as Liverpool is concerned, was.rather a proclamation to Sir Robert Peel that he mary .go on with impunity than a serious warning to him to desist. It was, after all, but a ghost, a phantom, a skeleton compared with the old-fashioned anti-Romish meetings in this town. Where were the great body of our Tory merchants, whose religion, when the Whigs were in office, was mainly made up pf a louid and ferocious cry against all concessions to the Irish Catholics and any of their institutions P They have, now that their party 'is in power, made Lord Sandon their high priest and transferred their worship to the Downing-street idols. Where were the, orthodox clergy, who, in their rage against a Liberal Government, used to exceed even their evangelical brethren in thebitterness *of their odium theologicum as they made the Am .phitheatre echo again to the'very roof with the lusty vigour of the spite and doxologies which their .Christian charity was iont to mix up together in such strange proportions P They also confessed, by their absence, that their former show of zeal was but an" organised hypocrisy," assumed to work out a political end, the giver of clerical.loaves and fishes. These things, in our opinion, are exceedingly dis gusting. We are as much opposed to the men of ;last Monday's exhibition as it is possible to be; We ,regret .their fanaticism. We believe them .to be :uncharitable, and we,know them.to be in error. .Still, we are bound .to confess that.they are the only ho nest, sincere, and~respectable portion ofthe Tory party.-, They are no lhypocrites. They do not wear two faces under, one hood. They do not tell you Ito-day, with vows and protestations, and calling heaven to witness, that it is infidelity and atheism,and ,as much as your soul is worth to give a shilling to Maynooth'or the.Irish system of education, and to morrow laugh in your face and tell you, that, as long as Locrd Sandon is their member and Robert Peel in power, they care nothing about infidelity or atheism, or their souls either. ' Mr. M'Ncile and his friends do nothing of .this sort. They misunderstand their Bible in its teachings on Christian charity; but they do not, like the High Church clergy and laity, .degrade it into a mere gun for firingthe.red-hot 'shot of spite and malice from a Tory battery into 'Whig administrations, We have not forgotten all the ugly .nameswhichl these High Churchmen have, in old times; poured upon us, and all who thought with us, for doing'theovery thing, only on a smaller scale, which they. are now performing. They, of Icourse, in accomplishing our work, plead guilty to ,the same. : We claim, however, superiority over these ,strange auxiliaries, inasmuch as, while we are act i'ng from conviction, they dre but co-operating with us from theJo'veof .place anqpelf. But we have no faith and trust in them. .Sinful latitudinarians, as they are at the present moment, they will all turn Bible Christians and bombard Maynooth again at the shortest notice ,should the Peel Government be broken up. This would be laughable, if it werenot. melancholy to see human nature 'so fallen and de graded. To sum' up all, werej.olje greatly at the failure of Mr. M'Neile and his friends in this move ment ; but neither he nor they can have a more hearty contempt than. we have fori"' the people by whom principle and honesty have been so basely and ,unscrupulpusly betrayedt. , But , ,e t*A Brute. Nothing astonisthed us more in the whole proceedings than to hear that Measrs. D. Hodgson and S. Holme " regretted their Inabllity to .le present.". We should like to hear spmethhig more of this inabilit. ' Was it of the ."could not" or " would hot"' order P But even the parties who mustered in such force on Monday last have not yet had their sincerityfully tested. :They have recorded their opinions, it is true, on the subject. We wait to see how they will record their votes when Lord Sandon pf M?aynooth, solicits their support at the next election. We have our misgivings. There was no very greateflr vescence of indignation exhibited against him at the meeting. No one stood forward to doubt his faithfulness and the fidelity of Sir Howard Douglas in very violent contrast. We are, on a full view of the case, inclined to anticipate, that the aphorism, " Liverpool loves a lord," will cover a multitude of sins for an aristocratic "representative, while the other will be left, with men, conscia recti, to enjoy the feeling, i that virtue is its own reward." 