asbestos The Lawyers in Love ยก or, Passages from the Life of a Chancery Barrister. By the author of " Cavendish," &c.; 3 vols. James Cochrane. Love is everywhere-the camp, the church, the grove, are alike delighted, or invaded by his presence. And the bar, hemmed in as it is with so much imperturbable gravity so M sober, steadfast, and demure is not exempted from the intrusions of the all-potential Cupid. The author, in the amusing work before us, endeavours to give a description of what the loves of lawyers-real, long-labouring, hard-working lawyers may be. It is to be hoped that the case which he describes is of very unfrequent occurrence. The hero of the tale effects a runaway marriage with the daughter, the beautiful daughter of a marquis. Both were young at the time, and, as far as appearances are proofs, passionately attached to each other. It soon turned out, however, that the love of the lady was not of the most enduring kind. Some little difficulties, arising from straitened means neither of the fathers having thought proper to render any assistance they had to struggle against. These, it appears, were not quite palatable to the lady and at this peculiarly unlucky time, when an increase of professional business was causing the husband's prospects to brighten, she took it into her head to elope with Lord Ullswater. Then followed, on the part of the newly appointed Queen's counsel, the agony of mind, wounded honour, &c;, and a duel, in which the lawyer was wounded, and the peer shot dead at the fourth shot. The lady-the teterrima cause yielded up the ghost in four-and-twenty hours afterwards, and was buried in the same grave with her paramour. The lawyer now was left, as it were to start afresh, and endeavour in the hurry and bustle and excitement of professional business, to drown the memory of his former sorrows. The remainder of the work is a sort of detailed narrative of some of the many amusing scenes which in the course of their professional experience may come under the notice of the gentlemen of the long robe. A young nobleman is introduced, who takes it into his head to go to the bar. After eating the requisite number of terms, he is " called." And the affair of his first brief, in which he signally failed, and cut a most ridiculous figure, is related with much some may, perhaps, think a little too much, particularity, as, from the egregiously ridiculous figure which tie cuts, the improbability of the matter is too frequently intruding itself upon the notice of the reader. In novels of this class verisimilitude is a point which no writer ought to lose sight of. We now proceed to take a few extracts from the work. The following is a description of a " scene," of certainly no pleasant kind, which occurred to the here upon his taking his first suburban residence, after arriving in town with his wife : "On the Harrow-road I found a very delightful summer-box ; it was not in the very best of repair, It is true, but that reduced the rent more nearly to the com- pass of my own income. 1 had always been given somewhat to the small comforts of life, and so at once set about removing furniture that had been so redundant in chambers, hired two servants with whom I had the best of characters, gave minute instructions for the instant fittings a few rooms for immediate occupation, and on a given day resigned the comfortable apartments we had held in town, and away we drove to take possession of the first roof tree we had ever owned in the way of householders, namely, the suburban de- lights of Carleton Cottage. After considerable ringing and so forth by the hackney coachman while I, naturally anxious that Isabella, accustomed to every luxury, should find things as little uncomfortable as possible, could not possibly imagine what was the cause of delay at my own gate footsteps were presently heard coming down the walled garden, and at last, the portal being opened, there was the man-servant as drunk as any gentleman need see a retainer. Nor was this all, the man's drunkenness was of that offensive sort that grows inso- lent under the influence of stimulus, and never having seen much of me, he now very pleasantly took it into his head that I was not his master, but a marauder come to rob the premises, and that he could not possibly give me admission. " ' Well,' thought I, as I saw sundry suspicious glances in the eye of the hackney coachman, for I had alighted in order to pull at the bell myself, when I found there was a demur as to admittance, ' it only requires that this drunken tale should be believed by Jarvey, and myself and wife be given in charge to the first constable, to make our annoyance complete.' Fortunately, however, we were spared this consummation, for whatever the worthy man thought, he expressed no doubt of the kind and after paying double the fare to ease his mind upon the subject, he handed the boxes into the garden, amid the drunken efforts of the servant to oppose an entry, and away he drove. I then took the worthy worshipper of Bacchus by the neck, bundled him into the road, to find his bed upon the softest part, bolted the door upon him to prevent the possibility of his return, walked towards the house with Lady Isabella leaning on my arm, entered the open door of Carleton Cottage, and in this comfortable way we commenced our first attempt at house-keeping." I " At any rate, thought I, 1 ordered the cook to be here at four o'clock ; it's now past seven ; she must be at home; I hope she has not, like the other fellow, been carousing too deeply. And thus, in fear and trembling, I turned into the first sitting-room in which room the upholsterer had received orders to place the furniture in proper style and there, to my horror, I perceived all my chairs and tables wrapped up in the same sweet hayband in which they had left my chambers, and not a thing fit to use. From the sitting-room I wandered into the library, hoping that to some accident was attributable the disappointment I had just met, and that here at least there would be some attempt at comfort and order. Alas I the library possessed not even a carpet, and the very of doors, as left by the last tenant, were in the same unswept state as had witnessed their departure." The result of this uncomfortable affair was that not a soul was to be found in the house. No preparations had been made, and he and the lady Isabella, the favourite daughter of a marquis, were obliged to sleep on the floor on a mattress that night. The passage which refers to the failure of the young barrister in his first brief case is too long for us to extract. It is told, however, with much humour, and, having, perhaps, a little of exaggeration in the picture, it is an exceedingly amusing and well finished sketch. The work, on the whole, is one written with much ease and fluency, and displaying no little liveliness and vigour of imagination. The immense labour which a barrister who aims at success in his profession has to undergo is well and graphically described, and the ludicrous failure of Lord George Dunvext is told with much pleasantry and humour. 