gtmfcai? (Turner. THE LORD'S PRAYER. contributed to the " sentinel."! NO. 4- " Thy kingdom come /' The phrase " kingdom of God" is used in four different senses. 1 . It signifies the universal dominion of Jehovah over all his works. 2. The past dispensations of God to men in chronological order. 3. Ii signifies the dominion of the Holy Ghost in the heart of the believer ; and 4 It signifies the kingdom which the Lord Jesus Christ shall establish, when he cometh again with glory to judge the world. It will be seen at a glance that the kingdom of Go d, if understood in either of the two first of these spnses, j cannot rightly be made an object of prayer. Prayer 1 must contemplate someihing future ; it is therefore mani festly impossible to pray for the universal dominion of Jehovah over the physical creation, for if He were not Lord over all it would be maduess to address Him in the language of supplication. And with respect to those dispensations of God which have passed away, they are grounds for faith rather than for prayer. If He lias be-?n faithful hitherto, he will be faithful hereafter. If lie spared not the natural brandies, take heed lest He also spare not thee. These things, saith the Apostle, alluding to the old dispensation, were written for our instruction, upon whom the ends of the world are come. This cleaily shews that we live under the last dispensation, which this world shall rpceive, and when that shall have passed away, the kingdoms ot tiiis wo.ld shall become the kingdom of our Lord, and ot His Auointed, and lie shall reign for ever and ever. It remains then to consider the prayer " Thy king- dom come ' under two significations only — with re ference, namely, to the spiritual dominion of the Holy Ghost in the heart, which is generally called the king dom of Grace, — and to the kingdom of Christ hereafter to be established when the Son of Man shall sit on the throne of Ilis Father David, and which is generally called the kingdom of Glory. Although, however, ihesetwo kingdoms are different in their nature, and also in their lime, and may therefore separately be made objects of prayer, their intimate connection and de pendence must never be forgotten. It is the prospect of the kingdom of Glory that lends a charm and a power to the kingdom of Grace ; and it is the suffering through which the childien of the kingdom of Grace are ed Which gives sweaness to the rest that remaineth in the kingdom of glo;y. " Tiie kingdom of Grace/' truly said an old writer, 1 is glory militant ; the king dom of Glory is Grace triumphant." It has been considered by some divines, that the kingdom of grace cannot rightly be an object of prayer as far as the individual petitioner is himself con cemeci This opinion is based on the supposition, that the work of grace is at once completed in the soul at the period nf regeneration, and that therefore a man cannot pray for what he already possesses. If indeed regeneration were but another term for the kingdom of Grace, this supposition might be admitted to have great weight ; but the truth is, that while spiritual birth is as distinct and unquestionable an event iu a man's life as his natural birth, spiritual birth is as distinct from spiritual maturity as the infant at its mother's breast is distinct from the aduli man of full age and vigor. Accordingly, we read in the Scripture of babes, as well as of young men, and fathers, in Christ. The significance of much of the Epistles of John depends on this classification. So likewise St. Pan! tells us that 1 every one that usetli milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness '.for he is a babe. But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age " Judging according io litis Scriptural analogy, there seems no mote impropriety in an unskilful spi ritual babe praying for further instruction and capacity of receiving stronger spiritual food, than in a child praying for bodily health aud increase of physical strength and capability. In short, at no point iu the Christian course can a man pause and say " I have reached the goal." He must still press forward for the prize of the kingdom of Glory, and that he may not fail in obtaining this lofty prize, he must take heed that the kingdom ol Grace be established in his own heart, and like the shining light of heaven, shine more and more unto the perfect day. " They go from strength to strength ; every one of them in Zion appeareth before God." This gradual progress of grace not merely in himself, but in all believers, is properly contemplated by the child of God when he prays u Thy kingdom come 1" But there can be no doubt that the chief object of this petition is the " kingdom of Glory." To deter- mine with accuracy the nature of this kingdom is a favourite attempt with many speculative theologians, but their speculations have failed to give any clearer con ception than had already been formed, and have beeq less profitable than curious. Speculation on this sub ject seems forbidden by the explicit declaration of St. Paul, that " Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart cf man, the things which God hath prepared for thSm ,hat ,ove him „ Jt g from this, that however lofty and magnificent maybe the visions in which the speculatist indulges, the reality will infinitely surpass the most lofty and magnificent of them all. The only conclusion which seems abso lutely warranted by Scripture is that the glory of Heaven will consist simply in character, in the perfec tion ol our union with the Divine nature, so that the joys of God may become ours, and that in Christ we may see the completion of the stupendous and everlast ing designs of Omnipotence. The notion of a precise locality 6eems to rest on no other foundation than the visions of the Apocalypse, which are confessedly figurative ; and the doctrine which would fix a local situation for heaven on the ground that the human body of our Saviour is there, would aho assign bodily parts hand of God But such sphC'ion as these are wjsely to the Deity, Jor Christ sitlelh in Heaven at the right dismissed by the Christian who kneels i.\ffpre the throne of . Grace. He is taught to look forward ''ma when the King shall say unto him t: VVe.l done, aood and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord 1" The reality, the intensity, and the perpetuity of that joy are the mainspring of his actions here, and that the lime may speedily arrive when the golden gate shall be opened to him, he daily prays when ' he says " Thy kingdom come Rats. — If they are troublesome, sprinltle tin" slacked lime in their holes and about where they congregate, and they will depart without . fail. This is more simple than a trap. Not long since there might be seen on the win dow of a dirty little shop in an obscure part, of London, this announcement : " Goods removed, messages taken, carpets beat, and poetry composed on any subject.'' Cardinal Mazarin kept a complete collection of the libels written against him ; it amounted to forty-six quarto volumes. Friendship.— It is a curious, but an unde niable fact, that the meeting, alter absence, of old friends, is almost always constrained and silent at first ; they are surprised to find how little they have said of what they meant to say. It merely shows, after all, that affection is a habit. Titk Prevention of Earthquakes.— -When' Uieel.ec trie origin of earthquakes first occurred to nie, I though it quite possible to prevent them, if a metallic or othert good conducting communication could" be effected through the temporary, or permanent, non-conducting strata, so that the electric currents might find a ready passage : I found subsequently, that this idea had ac tually been carried into execution. The Chevalier Vi- cenzio, at the latter end of the last century, being con duced that earthquakes Were the result of electric dis charges in the earth, thro ugh had or nonconducting media, and, probably, borrowing from the lightning conductor, proposed to fix metallic rods, terminating in a number of points, like a brush, in the ground to as great depth as possible. But a better method lias been j carried into execution. In Naples there is a pyramid 'erected before a church, under which is a deep well, with several mouths opening about the base. This was made that the water, being a conductor, might form a good electric communication between the strata through which the Well is snob, and thus, acting on the princi ple of a lightning conductor, draw off the fluid. In the city of Udino, wells and other excavations have been me.de for the same purpose, and also great numbers in Nda, in the kingdom of Naples. The success of the attempts at Naples and TJdine does not appear; but at Nola it seems unequivocal, for that city was never known to be damaged by earthquakes. — Polytechnic Renew. 