THE MORNING CHRONICLE SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1845. THE CHIEF JUSTICE'S THEOLOGY. Christopher Carthy, a soldier in the 99th regi- ment, who had been convicted of receiving stolen properly from prisoners attached to the stockade was placed at the bar. His Honor said that he was extremely sorry to see a man in his station, who had been respectably brought up, and had maintained a remarkably good character in the regiment during the time he had been in it. thus fallen before temptation. He (his Honor) had received numerous testimonials of character from Captain Day and the Roman and Anglo Catholic ministers; these, together with the recommenda- tion of the jury, he wouldd lay before His Excel- lency the Governor, in whose hands the prero- gative of mercy was vested ; as for himself, he had only the sentence provided by law to pass- that sentence was, that the prisoner should be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for three years."-Maitand Mercury TInE above short passage (if really delivered by the learned judge) of whom from his station, his talents, and great legal acquire meuits, we cannot speak but in the language of respect, "'means more than meets the oar :" it involves and even decides one of the most important points of dogmatic theology : namely, whether there are or are not two .Catholic Churches. " The three Creeds," which are authori tatively sanctioned, nay solemnly canonized amongst its 39 articles, by the Church of England, declares there is but one. " I believe," says the Nicene Creed, ONE, holy, Catholic, and apostolic Church" (not churches). How then have we got two ? for the learned judge speaks of the Roman and Anglo-Catholic churches. It would have been extremely entertaining no less than instructive to the public, if his Honor had furnished some of his proofs of this extra ordiniary doctrine of two collateral, con temporaneous, and contradictory Catholic Churches, while the lahw of which he is so bright an ornament, knows but oex. The reigning dynasty of Great Britain he must know was changed because the last King of the former one (James II.) was a Ca tholic, and the crown given to the heirs of the Princess Sophia, " BEING PROTES TANTS." It was not given to them as being "right Catholics," (to use the language of the Lord Bishop of Australia,) but as to princes, protesting wholly against Catholicity and Church authority, and as such assert ing the supremacy of private judgment. We do not know whether the learned judge reflected that the very first principles of Protestantism are inconsistent with all Catholicity-all uniformity-nay all agree .ment in religion between any two, inas anueh as no, man knows the sentiments of another, and each holding his own right of judgment as to what is Scripture-the meaning of Scripture-whether Scripture is all-sufficient for salvation or not whether there ought, or. ought n:t be ,creeds, articles of faith, or catechisms and if there ought, in what sense they are to be understood, &c.; &c.;, all which every 'true Protestant claims, and justly according to his principles, the right to judge of : and as no man can know whether his neighbour 'agrees with him in all points or not, it fol lows, that strictly speaking, as two men 'cannot possibly, without intuition know whether they are of the same faith, a fortiori two nations cannot; but that two ages, and still more, that the men of all " ages, that is, of eighteen centuries (as Pro testants) should have all helti the same ar ticles of faith in every point, is preposterous. No two writers of the Church of England ever explained the meaning of their own 39 Articles in the same way. How differ ent were the explanations of them by Laud, Chillingrborth, Atterbury, Tillotson, Hoad ley, Watson, from each 'other ! But that 'Protean interpreter, Burnet, beat the whole of them, for he makes them "all things to all men:" he says you may twist them like a nose of wax and yet be orthodox. So that among men of such principles not only is CATHOLICITY impossible, but 'even a CHURCH or body of 'unanimous believers, is impos sible, unless they violate and forsake their own principles. 'Catholics, though separated by rivers, mountains, oceans from each other, nay, by ages of time, yet agree in even the minutiae 'of faith . (if anything can be minute which .belongs to faith,) for this reason, that de ferring from their private reason (which is fallible) to the infallible authority of that Church with which Christ remains through 'all ages ;-agreeing with her, they must agree with each other, as in the geometric isxiorn, that two lines, each equal to a third, must be equal to each other: thus Catholics must agree in all things with each other, or cease to be Catholics: the real and radical difference between thei Catholic and Pro testant. Churches,' however little understood by some, lies in a nutshell lst.-God has left to man a guide to faith and salvation., 2nd.-He could not as God, leave him a guide who could mislead him into error, falsehood, idolatry, or perdition: there fore, such guide must be infallible in points of faith, "without which it is im possible to please God." 3rd.-Either that infallible guide then, must be the Catholic Church, taught by the Holy Spirit, and sustained by the power of Christ through all ages; or 4th.-This infallible guide is human reason, and private judgment of scripture. A little reflection on these four short and simple propositions, may enable any one, even without learning, to see which of the two is the guide left by a merciful, and benign Redeemer, who wills not that any be lost. We have no need to speak of the chaste majesty of the Catholic Church, which fills the earth with her presence, and which for 1800 years has guided the faithful to sal vation. We shall only add that she de clares" aloud that she has no power tosadd to, nor subtract from, nor change a single article of faith. Her principles therefore being stable, her faith must have ONENESS in all ages, and through all races, and families, and nations of the earth, and therefore Catholicity. It was foretold her that she would be assailed; and one of her proofs of truth would be deficient were she not so assailed-" Now the spirit ex pressly saith that in the last days some shall depart from the faith."-(1 Tim.) " But there were false prophets among the people, even as there shall be among you, lying teachers who shall bring in SECTS of perdi tion."-(2 Pet. ii.) Were private judgment a guide of divine appointment, no man could depart fromthe faith who followed it. " There. must be heresies," says St. Paul: but the doctrine of private judgment on the Scriptures, renders heresy impossible. Either then St. Paul deceives us, or the pretence of private judgment does: for his doctrine and it are contradictory in terms. The Catholic Church has all along been called " corrupt," idolatrous," and what not by every " reformer," from Simon Ma- gus and Cerinthus to Carpocrates, Mon- tanus, Novatus, Donatus, Manes, Arius, Pelagius, and five hundred others, tedious, nay indeed impossible to enumerate, down to Zuingle, Luther, and Calvin, each of whom declared that he alone knew and had restored the primitive, pure, apostolic truth ! But every one of those sects, however noisy for a time, terminated nearly alike, first in virtue of the supremacy of " private judg ment" all split into numberless sects and subdivisions,and lastly fell into indifference, deism, and infidelity, pretty much as we see in our own days, in the swarm of Deists, Theists, Atheists, Pantheists, Rationalists, Mytho-rationalists, transcendental Idealists, &c.;, whom the poet describes— We nobly take the high priori road, And reason downward 'till we doubt of God. DUNCIAD. These are all legitimate children of what the learned judge calls Anglo-Catholicity. She cannot shake them off, nor 'cut them off, for by so doing she must cut off the supre macy of private judgment, which cuts her own throat; therefore such as they are, she must keep them, for none will take them off her hands. A principle then which has misled so many (private judgment) cannot be from God, who aswe said in our 2nd proposition did not, nor could not have left such 'a guide to Heaven: e. g., private judgment told Martin Luther that Christ is God and to be worshipped: and has told Faustus Socinus and William Whiston that he is a mere man, and that to offer him divine worship is idolatry. Such a guide is not of God, and of course is to be eschewed and abhorred. Some artful but very inconsistent writers pretend to get out of this dilemma, by pretending that the Scripture is the su preme guide: " The Bible alone," (says Chillingworth) "his the religion of Protest ants." This, however, is but a delusion and a juggle, more becoming a Sophister or Charlatan than a teacher of divine truth. As many do not take the trouble to enquire into the matter, but take it for granted, it is necessary to examine it a little. What is the Bible ? the -word means a book (Biblia, books) and it is a book: nsa book, and though cplied Scripture, (or writing) neither of these names can convince us that it was in every part dictated by the Holy Ghost to the writers, we not being present, nor kaowving the mode of inspiration if we were. ~No man can then- by his private judgment tell whether a single word of the Bible was so inspired, even supposing it all true as history,: .it follows, therefore, that it is only by the testimony of a Church which cannot be mistaken or err, the de positary, the witness, and the guardian of the Scripture, that we can know its divine original; and tlioso who deny the au- thority of such a Church, can have no faith founded on supernatural motives, but only a low and a human faith, or 'opinion rather, as, concerning 'any other ancient book. Fuirther,' the Bible being a book, consists of leaves of paper, on which certain characters (called letters)' are impressed: these characters are visible signs or symbols of words;' as the words they denote, are themselves but audible signs, of ideas which exist only in the mind of a speaker;, now a speaker, or a writcr,by uttering or writing these conventional signs, communicates to the minds of others whatpnsses in his own: nor is there. any other mode given to man by which he can transfuse into the minds of others images of his own ideas; there fore, the Scriptures are but a more im proved species of hieroglyphics, not alwvays easy to be understood, nay, we know that in certain parts, viz., in St. Paul's Epistles are " things herd to be understood." The Bible is not, properly speaking, the Gospel, or the Word of God, though often called so: at the utmost, it is but it's vehiculum, if in strictness it can be called oven that. A slsip earrying wheat is indeed its vehice hum: so is a basket conveying bread; the basket and the bread arc, however, distinct things; but the basket containing bread differs from the Bible as u vehiculum, for -all may alike take bread from the basket: but do all alike tafte divine truth from the 'llible ? TIbo well alas!l we know the coji trary. Therefore the Bible conveys to us the signs only or symbols and characters which represent divine truths, which if we misconceive, or misunderstand, or pervert to a meaning other than that intended by its divine author, we receive from the Bible not the bread of life, but a spiritual virus-the poison of the soul. The Bible brings good things to the good-holy to the holy-evil to the evil. . Do not these considerations prove not only the necessity, but the benign wis dom of securing the weak and erring judgments of men (most of whom in every age could not understand written characters at all, or as we say could not read) against the fatal rock of perverting the meaning of the Scriptures, by providing for them a heaven-taught guide in the. holy Catholic Church ? Ought we not to pour forth our souls in hymns of gratitude to him who has vouchsafed to the ignorance and the weak and wayward judgments of men a safe, sure, and infallible guide, to teach them the true meaning of those sacred symbols and words contained in the holy books, concerning things remote, extinct, for gotten-concerning things incorporeal, spi ritual, heavenly-things incomprehensible to mere human intellect-in short some of the secrets of the world of spirits, and of mysteries not understood perhaps even by angels? Yes; for this happiness we ought indeed to be grateful I There ought to be then, and there is an authority descending from Christ and his Apostles, to live through all time, to spread through all nations, and incapable of de ceiving or of being deceived, to teach all the faithful, as to what are the true scrip tures, what not; what is the true meaning of these scriptures, what not: in short, the whole body of faith delivered by her Divine Founder, to that church which he has " espoused with an eternal love :" and this is that. august body designated by the words in the Creed, " I believe one, holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church:" a church which cannot be hidden: cannot die: can not err: Christ was not a foolish builder to lay his foundations on sand : nor did he light a candle that It should be hidden under a bushel or extinguished. A propos-we were profane enough to be amused, some time back, by the Lord Bishop of Australia having dedicated a church under the name of some Popish Saint (though he calls the invocation of such idolatry) for the RIGHT CATHOLIC worship. We wish Queen Elizabeth had given them saints of -their own, and they need not be stealing names from ours. When the Parliament gave them one (the martyr Charles I.) might they not have added a host as well? such as St. Thomas II. of Can terbury (Cranmer) St. John Jewell, St. Matthew Parker, St. John Bale, &c.;, &c.; This RIGHT and ANGL.o-Catholic Church of theirs looks rather meagre and bare without her long bead-roll of RIGHT and ANGLO Catholic Saints; we want all our own Saints, and can't spare his lordship any. When his lordship speaks of the niGur Catholic Church, his words would have no sense unless there were a wRONG Catholic one : so it seems the Bishop of Australia is wiser than the Apostles who knew but of one. But as there is nothing new under the sun, perhaps Dr. Broughton holds the doctrine of the good and the evil principle, or Oromazes and Arimanes: we cannot cannot otherwise guess how he has made out the existence of two warring churches, and both Catholic too ! We thought for merly that there was but one God, one faith, one baptism, ONE Catholic Church, but now, it seems, there are two, the right Catholic and the worong Catholic ! How ever, as his lordship can prove that he has a mission derived from the Pope as true Bishop, to preach against the Pope. as Antichrist or false Bishop, we cannot wonder if he be able to prove that there is a duplex Catholicity, nay perhaps, as we said, a twofold God-a right, or Protestant one, and a wrong, or Popish! surely if there can be two Catholic Churches, there may also be two Gods: one is just as reasonable as the other. The Roman Senate gave the Emperor Caligula the titles of Pious, SON OF THE CAMP, AND BEST AND GREATEST CÆSAR : posterity, however, judged him a monster. We do not know whether the Right 11ev. Prelate's appellation of right Catholic Church, and the learned judges of Anglo Catholic 'will have a longer life than Cali gula's piety. Many have before them sought the title; for 1,500O years there have been candidates for it amongst " Re formers :" in A. D. 347, St. Cyril of Jeru salem said, " the very name of Catholic distinguishes it from all heresies, which labour in vain to usurp it; this always remains proper to the spouse of Christ, as we see if a stranger asks in any city which is the Catholic Church," (Cat. 18. n. 26) St. Augustine says the " Reformers," did the same in his day in Africa (Contra Epist. Funld. C. I.) but in vain: now, if the com mon sense of miankind spurned at the idea of taking from the chuarch her nameof Catholic after 3 or 400 years possession, we fear the Bishop and the jwdge will hardly be able to rob her of it after 1800 years. We should like very much to know if a bill were filed to recover an estate after 1800 years pos session, and the cause tried by the Chief Justice, wherein the claimant had neither documents, nor proofs, either from prescrip-' tion, or possession, but such as Dr. Broughton gives for the name of Catholic, viz., naked assertion, would he risk his reputation as a judge,. by awarding it to such a plaintiff? Be that as it may, we are glad that the. learned 'Judge and the Right Rev. Prelate are so fond of the .title, of Catholic: it is. highly complimentary to .us : it proves its value: we, in conclusion, offer to their consideration the following able letter of Count Montalembert-it is worthy their regard-and as to the title Catholic, as we have shown that is there is bat one Christ, so there can be but one church; and that church must be Catholic. Palmam gui meruit ferat. Let the owners of the thing have the name also. We perceive we have in spite of our repugnance, been somewhat diffuse; but the extraordinary and incredible hallucina tions and false' reasoning of men in highl places, seemed to demand it; how can Catholics expect equality of favours, or of. rights, so long as they are regarded by men in power as idolatrous, for the idea of a second Catholic Church implies that the first was false and null. We are sorry to see such hallucinations, and (with due personal respect be it spoken,) even such ignorance, not only of the principles they assail, but even of their own, to whose fatal and inevitable tendency to infidelity they are totally blind. The right Catholic! The Anglo-Catholic ! Why, such language should not be heard out of Bedlam? Under the teaching of private judgment, Catho licity of any sort is, as we showed, impos sible; but the idea of a second Catholic Church is a phantasma-a monster-the crude conception of puzzled, confounded, and defeated error: the vain and puerile invention and refuge of men, who shocked at the sight of the hideous and infidel pro geny of their own principles, (like the Apostate Spirit in Milton at the sight of his daughter) shrink back with horror and dismay, and seek to shake them off by as suming the borrowed feathers and trage of Catholicity, the very name of which their party held in derision not long ago. No thing, however, can be more honourable to that church which their ancestors forsook and maligned, than thus to see them seek shelter-from the pelting storm of infidelity under the shadow of her venerable name. THE COUNT DE MIONTALP.MBERr AND THE CAMDEN SOCIETY. Funchal (Madeira), February 20th. 1844. To the Rev. Member of the Cambridge Camden society. "t The Camden Society having done me the unso. lieited and unmerited honor of placing my name among its honorary members, I feel not only authorised, but conscientiously obliged to speak out what I inwardly think of its efforts and object: and I anm happy to be able to do so, in addressing myself, iot only to one of its most influential members, but to one for whom I feel a most lively sympathy, on account of his talent, science, courage, and, indeed, of everything except what the Church which I believe to be infallible, reproves in him. "I first thought that the Camden Society was merely a scientific body, pursuing an object which, like all branches of history, is of the utmost impor tance to religion, and to which all religious minds could associate, but like the French Comite historique, not setting up the flag of any special ecclesiastical decomination. On a nearer study of your publi cations, I have perceived that they are carried on, with the professed intention of blenditg together the interests of Catholic art and of the Church of England, and of identifying the Catholic Church of the middle ages in England with the Anglican schism begun by Henry VIII and Craoumer, and professed at present by all those who agree to the thirty-nine articles. Against this Intention, 1, as an honorary member of the said society, beg to enter my most earnest and most Catholic protest. First, and principally, I protest against the must unwar ranted and most unjustifiable assumption of the name of Catholic by people and things belonging to the actual Church of England. It is easy to take up a name, but it is not so easy to get it recognised by the world and by competent authority. Any man, for example, may come out to Madeira and call himself a Montmorency or a Howard, and even enjoy the honor and consideration belonging to such a name, till the real Mlontmorencys or How ards hear about it, and denounce him, and then such a man would be justly scouted from society, and fall down much 'lower than the lowliness from which be had attempted to rise. The attempt to steal away from us and appropriate to the use of a fraction of the Church of England that glorious title of Catholic, is proved to be an usurpation by every monument of the past and present; by the corona tion oath of your sovereigns, by all the laws that have established your Church, even by the recent answer of your own university of Oxford to the lay address against Dr. Pussy, &c.;, where the church of England is justly styled the Reformed Protestant Church. The name itself is spurned at with indig nation by the greater half at least of the inhabitants of the United Kingdom. The judgment of the whole indillerent world, the common sense of humanity, agrees with the judgment of the Church of Rome, and with the sense of her 150,000,000 of children, to dispossess you of this name. The Church of England, who has denied her mother, is rightly without a sister. She has chosen to break the bond of unity and obedience. Let her, therefore, stand alone before the judgment seat of God and of man. Even the debased Russian Church, that church where lay despotism has closed she priest's mouth and turned him into a slave, disdains so recog. nice .the Arnglicsns as Catholics s even the eastern heretics, although so sweetly courted by Puseyite missionaries, sneer at this new and ficti tious Catholicinsm. It is repudiated even by your own hero, Laud, whone dylog words on the scaffold, according to the uncontrndicted version of contaen. porary history, were, * I nas or Tnao Pbor~sareT Fare. As me Law £aTssosmasan' (a pretty epi. taphD by the bye, for she life of the future Sr. William of Canterbury I) Consintent Protestants and Rationalista are mnore Catholics, in the hymo. logical sense of the word, than the Anglicans; for they at least can lank upon themselves as belotnging to the same communion of those who, In eersy country, deny the ezistersce of church authority, or sof revealed religion; they have at least a negative bond to link them one with another;a but that she so-called Anglo*Catholics, whose very name betrays their usurpation and their contradiction, whose doctrinal articles, whose liturgy, whose whole his. tory, are such as to disconnect them from all man kind, escept those who are boon Engliah and speak English; that they should ~pretend, on the rntrength of their private judgment alone to he vvhat the rest of msnilsd deny them to be, will assuredly be ranked asong the first, of the follies of the 19th century. That such an attempt, however, should succeed, Is, thank God, not to be expected, unless is should please the Almighty to reverse all the laws that have hitherto directed the coarse of human 'events. 'You may. turn aside for three hundred years to come, as you have dane for three hundred years past, from the torrent of living waters; but to 'dig out a small channel of your own, for year own private insular use, wherein the livieg truth will run 'apart frum Its ever docile sod ever obedient chidren-esair will no more be granted to you, than It has been to the Arians, the Nestotians, the Donatists. or soy triumphasnt heresy. 1* therefore protest, first, against the usurpation of a snored name by the Camden SocIety, us tol' qulesua; and I next protest agaInst the object ol this socIety and all such efforts in the Anglican .Church, us absurd. When the clergy and Osthollo laymen In France and Germany, when Mr. Puglo and fthe llossnasiss of England, labour with all their might to save and restore the menumeols o' their foibh- unworihlly set snide by thelofluence oi that fatal spirit vhlcts broke ouL with the uo~called reformation, and concluded with the Frenco revolu. lion-they know they are labouring at the same time to strengthen, in an indirect manner, their own faith'and practice, which are exactly and identically the same as those followed by the constructors of those glorious piles. and by all the artists of Ca tholic ages; and this object santifies their labour. But is this the case with the members of the Camden Society 1 Not in. the least. They are most of them ministers of the ' reformed Protestant Church as by law established,' pledged under oath to the thirty nine articles, which were drawn up on purpose to separate England from Catholic Christendom, and to protest against all the barbarous superstitions of the dark ages. By attempting to reestablish their churches, chalices, and vestments, in all their original form, they are only setting under the most glaring light the contradiction which exists between their own faith, and that of the men who built Salis. bury and York. Surely no man in his senses can pree tend that Dr. Howley and Dr Mhiant profess the same faith, and follow the same discipline, and acknow ledge the same spiritual head, as William of Wyke. ham or Gundulph of Rochester; and no man in his senses can deny that Dr. Wisetann and Dr. M'Hlale do at least profess to obey the same holy see, to preach the same doctrines, and to practice the same spiritual rites and sacraments, as all the episcopacy of tho middle ages. Let, then, the Camden Society put itself under the authority of Dr. WllHale and Dr. Wiseman, and then every thing will be right; but as long as they do not, and remain under Dr. Howley and Dr. plant and their fellows, they are nothing but were paradists, and inconsistent parodists. If St. Dunstan, and St. Anaeiro, St. Lanfranc, St. Thomas of Can terbury, or Archbishop Chichely, could be called out of their tombs to resuroe their croalers in any English cathedral, their horror would be great at seeing married priests reading English prayers in those desecrated edsices. But asaurelly their horror would bcuasuch greater still, if they were to find, beneath copes like their own, and at the foot of altars like theirs, and rood lefts with crucifihes, and every other exterior identity, these same married priests carrying in their hearts the spirit of schism, glorying in the revolt of their forefathers, and pledged by inaslar pride to insult and deny that infallible see of St. Peter, from which all those great saints had humbly solicited the pallium, and for whose sacred rights they ao nobly fought, and conquered the insular pride and prejudices of their time. a, Catholic architecture, and Catholic art in all its branches, are but a frame for the sacred picture of truth. This one holy truth is beautiful and pure, even amidst the worthless clergy and decayed discipline of Funchal, even, and more so, amidst the missionary dioceses of Polynesia; although both here and there, she is deprived of the frame whieh the humble genius of Catholic generations has worked out for her in western Europe. But without her or-or with her, defaced and adulterated by insular pride-the most beautiful frame is fit for nought, but for the antiquary's shop. Supposing the spirit of the Camden Society ultimately to pre vail over its Anglican adversaries-supposing you do one day get every old thing back again-copes, letterns, rood-lofts, candlesticks, and the abbey lands into the bargain, what will it all be but an empty pageant, like the tournament of Eglinton Castle, separated from the realityof Catholic truth and unity by the abyss of three hundred years of schism 1 The question, then, ls-have you, Church of England. got the picture- for your framea have you got the trush-the ore truth-the same truth as the men of the middle ages? The Camden Society says, yes; but the whole Christian world, both Protestant and Catholic says, x,; and the Catholic world adds, that there is no truth but in unity, and this unity you most certainly have not." (Continued in page 4 ) 