THE MYSTICAL NUMBER SEVEN. Seven is composed of the first two perfect numbers, equal and unequal, 3 and 4 ; for the number 2 con- sisting of repeated unity, which is no number, is not perfect ; it comprehends the primary numerical triangle or trine, and square or quartile conjunction, considered by the favorers of planetary influence as of the most benign aspect. In six days creation was completed, and the seventh was consequently to rest. On the 7th day of the 7th month, a holy observance was ordained to the children of Israel, who feasted 7 days, and remained 7 days in tents. The 7th year was ordained to be a sabbath of rest for all things ; and at the end of 7 times 7 years commenced the grand jubilee. Every 7th year the land lay fallow ; every 7th year there was a general release from all debts, and all bondmen were set free. From this law may have originated the custom of our binding young men to 7 years' apprenticeship, and punishing in= corrigible offenders by transportation for 7, twice 7, and three times 7 years. Every 7 years the law was to be read to the people. Jacob served 7 years for the pos- session of Rachel, and also other 7. Noah had 7 days warning of the flood, and was commanded to take the fowls of the air in by 7, and the clean beasts by 7. The ark touched ground on the 7th month; and in 7 days the dove was sent out, and again in 7 days after. The 7 years of plenty and 7 of famine were foretold in Pharaoh's dream, by the 7 fat and 7 lean beasts, and the 7 full and 7 blasted ears of corn. Nebuchadnezzar was 7 years a beast, and the fiery furnace was 7 times hotter to receive Shadrack, &c.; A man defiled was by the Mosaic law unclean 7 days. The young of both animals was to remain with the dam 7 days, and at the end of the 7th was to be taken away. By the old law, man was commanded to forgive his offending brother 7 times; but the meekness of the revealed law extended his humility to 70 times 7 ; if Cain shall be avenged 7 times, truly Lamech 70 times 7. In the destruction at Jericho, 7 priests bore 7 trumpets 7 days ; on the 7th, they surrounded the walls 7 times ; after the 7th the walls fell. Balaam prepared 7 years for a sacrifice, and 7 of Saul's sons were hanged to stay a famine. Balak built 7 altars, and offered on them 7 oxen and 7 rams. Job's friends sat 7 days and 7 nights, and offered 7 bullocks and 7 rams as an atonement for their wickedness. In the 7th year of his reign, King Ahasuerus feasted 7 days, and on the 7th deputed his 7 chamberlains to find a Queen, who was allowed 7 maidens, to attend her. Miriam was cleansed of leprosy by being shut up 7 days. Solomon was 7 years in building the temple, at the dedication of which he feasted 7 days ; in the temple were 7 lamps; 7 days were appointed for an atonement on the altar, and the priest's son was ordained to wear his father's garments 7 days. The children of Israel ate unleavened bread 7 days. Abraham gave 7 ewe lambs to Abimeleo, as a memorial for a well. Joseph mourned 7 days for Jacob. Naanian was cleansed of his leprosy by bathing 7 times in Jordan. The Rabins say that God employed the power of the number to perfect the greatness of Samuel, his answering the value of the letters in the Hebrew word which sig- nifies 7 : whence Hannah his mother, in her thanksgiving says, " the barren hath brought forth 7." In scripture are enumerated 7 resurrections. The widow's son by Elija— the Shunamite's son by Elisha — the soldier who touched the bones of the Prophet — the daughter of the ruler of the Synagogue — the widow's son of Nain — Lazarus and our Lord — the Apostles chose 7 Deacons. Enoch who was translated was the 7th from Adam, and Jesus Christ was the 77th in a direct line. Our Lord spoke 7 times on the cross, on which he was 7 hours — he appeared 7 times, and after 7 times 7 days sent the Holy Ghost. In the Lord's prayer are 7 petitions contained in 7 times 7 words, omitting those of mere grammatical connection. Within this number are concealed all the mysteries of the apocalypse revealed to the 7 churches of Asia.- There appeared 7 golden candlesticks and 7 stars in the head of him that was in the midst — 7 lambs before the spirits of God. The book with 7 seals — the lamb with 7 horns and 7 eyes, 7 angels with 7 trumpets — 7 kings — 7 thunders, 7,000 men slain. The dragon with 7 heads and 7 crowns, and the beast with 7 heads ; 7 angels bearing 7 plagues and 7 vials of wrath. The vision of David was of 70 weeks, and the elders of Israel were 70. There are also 7 heavens, 7 stars, 7 wise men, 7 champions of Christendom, 7 notes in music, 7 primary colors, 7 deadly sins, and 7 sacraments in the Catholic Church. The 7th was supposed to be endowed with pre-eminent wisdom, and the 7th son of a 7th son is still thought to possess the power of healing diseases spon- taneously. Perfection is likened to gold 7 times purified in the fire, and we yet say, " You frightened me out of my 7 senses." The opposite sides of a dice make 7, whence the players at hazard make 7 the main. Hippocrates says, that the septenary number, by its occult virtues, tends to the accomplishment of all things; to be the dispenser of life, and the fountain of all its changes; and, like Shakspeare, he divides the life, of man into 7 ages ; for as the moon changes her phases every 7 days, this number influences all sublunary beings. In 7 hours the geniture receives its first disposition to conception ; in 7 days it is coagulated ; in 7 weeks it is distinguished into members ; in 7 months a child may be born and live, and not before ; and anciently, it was not named before 7 days, not being considered as fully pos- sessing life. The teeth spring out in the 7th month, and are shed and renewed in the 7th year, when infancy is changed into childhood. At twice 7 years puberty begins, at three times 7 the faculties are developed, and manhood commences, and we are become legally com- petent to all civil acts ; at four times 7 man is in full pos- session of his strength : at five times' 7 he is fit for the business of the world ; at six times 7 he becomes grave and wise, or never ; at seven times 7 he is in his apogee, and from that time decays. At eight times 7 he is in his first climacteric, at nine times 7 he is in his grand cli- macteric, or year of danger, and ten times 7, or three score years' and ten, has, by the Royal Prophet, been pronounced the natural period of human life. Among the Mahomedans, after drinking at the holy well of Mecca or Leinzan, the pilgrims proceed to make the 7 walks between the two hills of Saffa and Meroua, after having 7 times circumambulated the Kaaba, the house of God. The Mussulmans and others affirm that 70,000 Pilgrims must annually meet at Mount Ararat, a place of pilgrimage, and if the world does not supply persons enough, angels are sent to make up the requisite number. At a late Meeting of the British Association, some very curious communications were made in the Chemical Section. Professor Schonbein read his report of experi- ments on a new substance, which he terms ozone, a kind of gas. He was led to infer, by various circumstances, that the peculiar, smell of frictional electricity, must be due to the presencc of an odoriferous body that was pro- duced by the electrical action. One of its most remark- able properties is, that it loses its chemical action by heat; Professor Boutigny then exhibited an experiment, which excited the most lively interest, the room being completely crowded. The title of the communication was " Experiments on the spheroidal state of bodies, and its application to steam-boilers, and on tbe freezing of water in red-hot vessels. " He commenced by showing that when cold water is poured on a hot metallic surface, the heat is not communicated to it ; and that the water assumes a spheroidal form, and continues to roll about, upheld at a minute distance from the heated surface, without boiling. The water poured into a heated pla- tinum cup kept in rapid motion, and resembled a small globe of glass dancing about. There was no hissing noise nor appearance of steam, though the globule of water must, nevertheless, have evaporated rapidly ; for, after gradually diminishing in size, in the course of about two minutes it disappeared. The same result takes place when any substance capable of assuming a globular form is placed on a heated surface. In proof of which, the Professor placed in the heated cup of platinum, iodine, ammonia, and some inflammable substances; each of which became globular, and danced about like the globule of water, but without emitting vapour or smell, or being inflamed, until the platinum cup was cooled. Another experiment was yet more curious. Professor Boutigny heated a silver weight, of the same shape as the weight of a clock, until it was red- hot ; and them lowered it by a wiro into a glass of cold water, without there being the slightest indication of action in the water, more than if the weight had been quite cold. Professor Boutigny, who addressed the meeting in French, advanced no theory to account for these peculiar actions, further than that a film of vapour intervenes between the heated body and the substance, which prevents the communication of heat. The facts, however, he thought were of import- ance in a practical point of view, both in the tempering of metals and in the explanation of the causes of steam boiler explosions. It would seem from these experiments, in tempering metals, if the metal be too much heated, the effect of plunging it into water will be diminished. In steam-boilers also, if the water be introduced into a heated surface, the heat may not be communicated to the water, and the boiler may become red-hot, and without any great emission of steam ; until at length, when the boiler cools, a vast quantity of steam would become sud- denly generated, and the boiler burst. The last and most curious experiment performed by Professor Boutigny was the freezing of water in a red-hot vessel. Having heated a platinum cup red-hot, he poured into it a small quantity of water, which was kept in a globular form, as in the other experiments. He then poured into the cup some liquid sulphurous acid, when a sudden evaporation ensued, and, on quickly inverting the cup, there came out a small mass of ice. This experiment called forth loud and continued applause, and M. Boutigny appeared as much delighted as his audience with the success of his experiment. The principle on which this experiment depends is this — sulphurous acid has the property of boiling when it is at a temperature below the freezing point ; and when poured into the heated vessel, the sud- denness of the evaporation occasions a degree of cold sufficient to freeze water. TIME.— An Italian philosopher expressed in his motto that "time was his estate." An estate, indeed, which will produce nothing without cultivation, but will always abundantly repay the labour of industry, and satisfy the most extensive desires; if no part of it be suffered to lie waste by negligence, to be over-run by noxious plants, or laid out for show rather than for use. 