CLUn Luxuar Fro LAzY SEuATOss.-The Lon don clubs are furnished nightly with a novel species of gazette for the convenience of members of parlia ment, who, while indulging themselves at their clubs, are anxious to know what is going on in the house. The gazette appears four times every evening; it contains all the speeches condensed; marks the time occupied by each speaker; and announces by what hour a division may be expected. By this means, absent members are enabled to enjoy their club luxuries till the latest moment; and, as the division is to them the most important part of the evening, they are enabled to be present at it without enduring the debate, or making any. other personal sacrifice. We have heard of arguments 'for the abolition of the house altogether ; but it is clear that the lazy members are endeavouring to allord one for the abolition of the debate. As " a sign of the times," and the progress of selfish luxury, we have thought the above worth recording.-OChurch and State Gazette. SPECULATION.-The notion entertained by anti quated persons that a man cannot coin without capital, arises from the supposition that an under taking must be completed before it begin to yield profit. Completed P why it need not even be com menced! He is a pitiful greenhorn who cannot draw actual revenue from projects air-fashioned in the realms of dreamland. Water- pipes, theoiron for which is not yet molten-railways mapped out only in the engineer's brain-fields of minerals where never a shaft has been sunk- or shining rows of imaginary tombstones-sufllice abundantly for mere purchase and sale.: Our. souls: are steeped :in the unrecognized poetry of the age, and of imagination's. vapoury: shapes we contrive to make solid.merchan dise. Prospectuses, purely ideal, become on the. stock-exchange a. source of substantial wealth.. They are asnfleshless ghosts,. visiting men's.couches :in dreams, and pointing, with bony finger, the way to veritable treasures ! W)ho is there so poor of spirit as: to climb with bleeding, ankles the thorny steep of fortune, whe :he can ths top it by.balloon' at once P * * Oh, ye sitting committee-mon.who: 'tiy. themerits of rival projects,; little, do yeo dream what huge and. multifarious, results hang, on your. decision !, What dreams-of new dresss-of costly' 'sideboards-of elegant villas :atthe coast-isite your high. privilege to realize,at once, or dissipate for.' ever !-Glasgow.Citfzent.'. GLASS T?.a .-Within thelast few. days a rather novel importation has been.maddin the portof Lon 'don., .This is a small quantity of:glass tiles, similar. in point of form to thecommon'clay, tile for roofing buildings, the advantage held: out being thcir:light ness and being, pervious, to the rays of the sun. 'The latter quality is presumed to render them suitable for the.roofs of. greenhouses,, as they will not.interriipt tie, heat and light, whilst theyare sufficiently strong. to resist the. effects of. hailstorms,. which will much reduce the cost. of insurance on greenhouses;:&e; The importation, ismade. from Antwerp, and they are chargeable- with a duty:of 14s. per cwt. under the present: tariff.' 'They havetheappearanceo of the common.green glass, and, lf .the experiment is found to succeed, it demands.the immediate attentlonof. our home manufacturers. . RfrmseaurxvR Paovonacs---So sure' as: there. Is a Providenco.abovo, is' It writteni that: there. shall be: always ways in which those who wrong and defraud their neighbours shall,.in.the:end, find out.that.they; have made a rueful bargaln.. . • GoiN ro.T6.1: BVunssI'-Apoor Irlshnian ;assing through a' village near 'Chester, siaw `crowdhl o people approacliln'g,whicl mudoehim inquire "what was' the matter P'?- .HeOwas.inswered, l".?' man was joig t" be h buried.!"' "'h,'! replied he,' '"'ll stop to see that;for we carry them inou"u'tountry." - A .FASI ar AT 'GarAVZSEND.- SO :great Was thli population'of lGravesend increased by the imniense influx on Sunqay:Ilast, 'thatthe requis'lte'quan'tityi ot food to supply the i ravings of appetite couldl-otbi procured, and niany persons had to leave withbli partaking either of dinner or tea. As a proof ?f the demand, ham-was sold at six shillings per pouhd, and half-quartern loaves reached thepricethey?ldsl" in 1801, viz., Od.-each, .from which price they rosn in several instances ,to a higher-sum before:the close of the day. ,:t There ar'nat present in the farm-yard at Chats. worth, under theomanagement of Mr. Swaffilel,?the farm agent of. the Duke of Devonshire in ?ithat district, two bullocks; most remarikable both for thef-i.. size and symmetry, which are intended :for' the annual sale at Christmas. One of them, a beautiful small-boned creature, at present weighs upwards bof 138 stones; whilst another, less symmetrical,:b'iit of more ponderous elephantine proportion, statnds? 17 hands high.-Atlas. - A Madrid letter states that Queen Dowager.iliris. tina has made, a present to the Pope of a tiaih , ?ortli 100,000 francs, and is about to send his Holines . a crozier of the value of 17,000;frahcsi..... ; Tin AiERICAN QUEANb.-In this Countiryre. own no sovereigns except the ladies (God bless. them!) and every man ought to. have one of them: What's more, if a man has one of these sovereigns any length of time,," small change" .will cnhe of itself.-American paper. - • . 