A YANKEE STORY. At a late hour, the other night, the door of an oystcr-housc in our city was thrust open, and in stalked a hero from the Sucker Slate. He was quite six- feet high, square, somewhat stooped, with a hungry, anxious countenance, and his hands pushed clear down into his breeches pockets. His outer covering was hard to define ; but, after surveying it minutely, we came to the conclusion that this suit had been made in his boyhood, of a dingy, yellow, linsey-woolsey, and that, having sprouted up with astonishing rapidity, he had been forced to piece it out with all colours, in order to keep pace with his body. In spite of his exertions, how ever, he had fallen in arrears about a foot of the necessary length, and, con sequently, stuck that far through his inexpressibles. His crop of hair was surmounted by the funniest little seal skin cap imaginable. After taking a position, he indulged in a long stare at the man opening the bivalves, and slowly ejaculated, " Jsters !" " Yes, sir," responded the attentive operator ; " and fine ones they are, too." " Well, I've hcarn ot isters afore," says he, " but this is the first time I've seed 'cm, and perhaps I'll know what thar mode of afore I get out of town." Having expressed this desperate in tention, he cautiously approached a plate and scrutinized the uncased shell fish with a gravity and interest which would have done honour to the most illustrious searcher into the hidden mys teries of nature. At length he began to soliloquize on the difficulty of getting them out, and liow queer they looked when out. " I never seed anythin' hold on so, take an amazin' sight of screwing', boss, to get 'cm out, and aint they slick and slipp'ry when they does come ? Smooth as an eel I I've a good mind to give that feller lodgings, just to realize the effects, as uncle Jess used to say about spckelation." " Well, sir," was the reply, " down with two bits, and you can have a dozen." " Two bits," exclaimed the Sucker, " now come, that's stickin' it on rite strong for isters. A dozen on 'cm aint notliin' for a chickin' and there's no gettin' inore'n a picayune a-piecc for them; I've only realized Corty-fivc picayunes on my first venture to St. Louis. I'll tell you what, I'll gin you two chickens for a dozen, if you'll con clude to deal.' A wag, who was standing hy indulg ing in a dozen, winked to the attendants to shell out and the offer was accepted. ' Now mind,' repeated the Sucker, ' all lair ; two chickens for a dozen. You're witness, mister,' turning at the same time to the wag ; none of your tricks, for I've hcarn tell that your city fellers arc mily slip'ry loons.' 'The bargain being fully understood, our Sucker squared himselt for the onset, deliberately put off' his seal skin, tucked up his sleeves, and, fork iu hand, awaited the appearance of No. 1. It came, he saw, and quickly it was bolted. A moment's dreadful pause ensued. The wag dropped his knife and fork with a look of mingled amazement and horror, something akin to Shaks- pearc's Hamlet on seeing his daddy's ghost, while he burst into the exclama tion, " Swallowed alive, as I'm a Chris tian 1" Our Sucker hero had opened his mouth with pleasure a moment before, but now it stood open. Fear, a horrid dread of he didn't know what, a con sciousness that all wasn't right, and ignorance of the extent of the wrong, the uncertainty of that moment was ter rible. Urged to desperation he faltered out, " What on airth's the row ?" ' " Did you swallow it alive ?" inquired the wag. " I swallcrcd it just as lie gin it to me 1" shouted the Sucker. " Your'o a dead man 1" exclaimed his anxious friend ; the creature is alive, and will cat right through you," added he, in a most hopeless tone. " Get a pizen-pump and pump it out !" screamed the Sucker, in a frenzy, his eyes fairly starting from their sockets. " O ! gracious 1 — what'll I do ? It's got hold of my innards already, and I am dead as a chicken I Do something for me, do : don't let the infernal sca- toad cat me afore your eyes." " Why don't you put some of this on it?" inquired the wag, pointing to a bottle of strong pepper sauce. The hint was enough, the Sucker, upon the instant, seized the bottle, and, desperately wrenching out the cork, swallowed half the contents at a draught. He fairly sqcalcd from its effects, and gasped, anu blowcd, and pitched, and twisted, as if it were coursing through him with electric effect, while nt the same time his eyes ran a stream of tears. At length, becoming a little com posed, his waggish adviser approached, almost bursting with suppressed laugh ter, and inquired, I " How arc you now, old fellow ? Did | you kill it ?" " Well, I did, boss — ugh-ugli-o-o-o my innards. If that istcr criter's dying agonies didn't itir a ruction in mc equal to a nmall airthqunkc, and 'laint no use say in' it. It squirmed like u sarpent when that killing stuff touched it, but" —and here, with a countenance made up of suppressed ngotty and present de termination, he paused as if ts give lotce to his words, and slowly and delibe rately temarked, "If you git two chick- ens Itom me lor tlinl live animal, I'm" — a»d, seizing his Eeal-skin cap, he vanished. The shout of laughter and the contor tions of the company nt this finale would have made a epcctator believe that they nil had been " swallowing oysters alive." A Tommy Shop. — For the first five minutes Master Joseph Diggs did no thing but blaspheme and swear at his customers, occasionally leaning over the counter and cufiing the women in the van or lugging some gitl by the hair. " I was first, Master Joseph," said it woman, eagctly. "No; 1 was," said another. " I wns hctc," said the first, "as the clock struck !, and seated myself On lite steps, because I must be liotr.c early : my husband is hurt in the knee." " Il you were first, ymi shall be helped last," said Master Joseph, " lo reward you for your pains;" und lie begun taking the orders of the other women. "01 Lord, have mercy on me !" said the disappointed woman ; " and I got up iu the middle of the night lor this 1" "More fool you ! And what you came lor 1 don't know," said Masicr Joseph ; " for you have a pretty long figure against you, I can tell you that." " I declare most solemnly " said the woman. " Don't make a brawling here," said Masicr Joseph, "or I'll jump over this hctc counter und knock you down like nothing. What did you say, woman? Arc you deaf! What did you say ? How much best lea do you want?" " I don't want any, sir." "You never want best tea: you must take three ounces of the best tea, or you shan't have nothing. II you ntiulher word, I'll put you down four. You tall gal, what's your name, you keep back there, or I'll fetch you suclt a cut as Ml keep you at home till next reckoning. Cuss you, you oH fool, do you think 1 am to be kept all day while you arc mumbling here? Who's pushing oa titer c ? 1 see you, Mrs. Page. Won't there be a black tnaik against you? Oh 1 it's Mis. Prance is it ? Father, put down Mrs. Prance for a peck ol flour. I'll have order here. You think the last bacon a little loo lat. Oh ! you do, ma'm,do you? I'll take care that you shan't complain iu future ; I likes to please my customers. There's n very nice llilch hanging in the engine- room ; the men wanted rust tor the machinery ; you shall have a slice of that, and we'll say tenpcucc a pound, high-dried, and wery lean ? will that satisfy you ? Order there, order ; you cussed women, order, or I'll be untong you. Anil il I just do jump over tins Itcrc couutcr, won't 1 lei fly, tight and lift ? Speak out, you idiot 1 do you think 1 can hear muttering in litis I'abel ? Cuss them ; I'll keep them quiet," so lie look up a yard measute, and, leaning over t lie counter, bit right and left. " Ob '. you little monster, exclaimed a woman, " you have put out my babby's eye." There was it mur mur, almost it groan. " Whose baby's huit ?" asked Maticr Joseph, in a softened tone. " Mine, sir," said an indignant voice ; " Mary Church." " Olt ! Mary Church, is it !" said the malicious imp, ' then I'll put Mary Chnrch down for half a pound of the best arrowroot : that's the finest thing in the world fur babbies, mid will cure you ol bringing your cuiscd monkeys here, ns if you all thought our shop was a hin- fant school. Where's your book.Sitssn Travers ?" " Left nt homo." " Then you may go nnd fetch it. No books, no tommy. You arc Jones's wife, arc you ? Ticket for three and sixpence out of eighteen shillings wages. Is this the only ticket you liovo brought ? There's your money ; and you may tell your iiusband he need not take his coat off again lo go down our shall.'' — Sybil. Anecdote of the Duke.— Go where one will wc meet with some traces of the great captain. Here is a character istic anecdote ol him, from Scenes and Adventures in Spain, told by a curate with whom the author lodged. The curate hnd served in the Peninsular war, but subsequently entered the church. " Havjng drawn in the due quantity of smoke, and allowed it to escape slowly both front his mouth and nose, he crossed one leg over the oilier, and, looking at me significantly, smiling agreeably at the same lime, ' But,' said lite Cura, ' El Lor the Lord is not a Liberal.' ' Why do you say so, Senor Cura ?' ' I'll tell you. In the war of Independence I happened to be with my squadron, I was a cavalry officer, in a village, when Lord Wellington nrrived unexpectedly at night fall, with his staff". This occasioned n great hustle, of course. Stabling was scant in the place; nnd 6otnc of the horses ol my squndron were removed to mako room for others belonging to the general s party. Complaints wete made tome; I remonstrated with those who had so unceremoniously ejected my horses, but to no effect. 1 was then young and rather hot-headed, Senor; so off' 1 went to Lord Wellington's quar ters, and asked to speak to him. 1 was instantly admitted. I stated the case vehemently; nnd, in the warmth ol my complaint, spoke of our sacred cause, the constitution wc were defending, &c.; El Lor heard me very patiently until I came to the word constitution, when he said, sharply, ' Never mind the constiiulioti : let us see what can be done about the liorsrs ;' and lie directed an aide-de-camp to go with me nnd sec that everything should be nrranged lo my satisfaction : which was the c.se. ' But nnd two streams of smoke poured from the cura's rositi's, " but tliore (our wods about the constitution proved lo mc that El Lor is not a Liberal.' ' Pardon mc, Senor Cura, they only proved that he confined himself to the business before him ; and be nssurcd that El Lor was at that very moment as stanch a constitu tionalist as youtsell.' The worthy cura laughed, and, nodding his head ap provingly, said, 1 Pucde ser. puedo tcr," perhaps so, perhaps so." Campbell at a Polish Hall. — Camp bell looked about, and gave that cynical stnile which 1 have so often seen playing over his counlcnancc. " Patrons ol Polish bravery and gallantry," said he, with n curl of the lip. " They come here from their counters und shopboardB to grotily their own vanity, and not to assist the brave men of Warsaw. In an hour you will ovrrhear in every circle where two or three young and old wo men are met, ' Did you sec the lordV ' I danced with Lord Stuart.' ' Look at that impudent thing, Mits Jones, how she is staring at cousin Maiy waltzing with the lord.' Iu a word, all their talk will be about a lord, and, in particular the lord who gets up this ball. If there were not u live lord at the bottom ol this gathering, the gathering would never grow lo its present size. Englishmen love two things more than any people in lite world, n lord and a bully ; and they will truckle to both in proportion as they are lorded over and bullied." He then said to me, " Have you ever beta here before ?" 1 said " No," and ridded that my opinions of tlic compuny were neatly iu accordance with his own, "The hall is a fine our," lie replied, " We shall have a conceit to-night ; plenty of Ita lian singing." Tins was said with an inimitable sneer. I asked him whether he did not like Italian music. " Just as much," lie replied, "as 1 hke Italian poetry,— a sweetmeat thing of sugar and trash, pleasant lo taste, but no one ever enjoyed a meal of it." 1 ventured lo name Dante Aligltieri. " He was a man,'' said Campbell ; " but you wilt be surprise ! lo hear that I never read a line of the Divinu Commedia. I am too indolent. It is a schoolboy task, and 1 would as soon think of silling down lo Nonntte or Aristotle, us to Dante. To understand the latter would require more labour than the pleasure would be worth. His grand thoughts may be goldco ap ples ol song, but lltty must be got by vanquishing a dingon. I have often flitted about Dante, nnd stolen aglintpse ol his treasures, but nothing more. I like the man's lite, and I think I is poetry a picture of it stern, hard-headed miitis- trel's thick-coming fancies. Some ol the finest lines Lord Byron ever wrote are contuinrd in the prophecy ol Dante." — Dublin University Magazine. The Dress Coat. — Tins most silly and unmeaning habiliment possesses rtc it her dignity nor beauty loculille it to public lavur. It is useless on the person of youth, and undignified when worn by a man ; an elderly person looks absurd in it, and nobody is it in reality be coming. Wlut is the good of the seamy skirls that barely admit ol a pocket being made iu their lulds ? They add no symmetry nor grace lo the person, they lurnish little accommodation to the wearer. What is the good ol the rol ling lapel iu the from, and ol the collar never intended to be turned up? This coat is only a debased and withered skeleton of the original garment of the sevcntcclh century deprived of all the qualities that recommended its type for general adoption. It has neither warmth nor comfort on its side, and it cannot stand the scrutiny of elegance for one moment. Il may he a difficult thing for a tailor to make, but that is nil ; nnd the sooner that men emancipate them selves Irom the thraldom of its sway the heller. If an open coat is to lie ad hered to, the old habit dc-cour is the thing ; utility and ornament there make a much nearer approach to each other, and for comfort, there is no doubt about the matter. We object, however, to the idea of an open coat on the score of ornament, though wc admit some of ils claims to utility. Two surfaces ol decoration on the human body arc ab surd ; they distract the attention, and often, by the incongruous opposition ol colour nttd substance, produce n most disagreeable effect. Without wishing to hurt the feelings of Young England, or, ns some facetious wag or other lias called him, Little Britain, we declare our dis sent, in toto, from the dangerous heresy of the white waistcoat with the black coat. 'Tis a mor-l unnatural conjunction. If the colour of the under garment were only red instead of white wc should stts- pect some secret connexion with the old woman in scarlet, oil rows saviz ; ns it is, wc set it down to the account of her fricttJ in black, and wc launch ogainst il our -.esthetic anathema. True, it makes a matt look clean : but cannot n gentle man enjoy the reputation of cleanliness without turning ltmtsclf into a magpie ? Carry the point out a little further, to its ultimate results, in fact, nnd picture to yourself, Albion junior, in a black coat lined with white silk, n white waistcoat, white cravat, black unmentionables, nnd wliitc silk stockings, each good and legitimate articles ol dress in their way ; what a figure I No ; turn rather to one of those old canvasses of Volasquez. Look at the great Duquc dc Olivarcz, i he finest gentleman in Europe. Be hold him in black velvet and black silk from the chin to the toe ; no white, but his lace collar t nil black, except this and Ilia face and hands ! There is no effort at display in his person, no attempt to attract attention by a glaring contrast ; he knew that his looks proclaimed him a gentleman, and there he stands in quiet dignity, a model of good taste. Phillip IV. the same ; Charles I. of England, at times, the same. Even the Dutch burgomasters knew how to consult unity of dre«s, and to harmonize the colours of their vestments. We are not speaking of stale robes, but ol the dress worn in society among men ol fashion ; nnd we would recommend any one sceptical on the point to compare the evening suits ol the middle century with those of the beginning, eliil more with thoee of the close of the seventeenth. He will find an immense falling off iu good taste. Lotd Chesterfield was not hall so well-dressed a man as Lord Warwick, nor Lord Warwick as Lord Rochester.— Blackwood's May. Waistcoats.—' They constitute a clan of garments that have fallen into vulgar hands, and arc applied to vulgar pur poses. Your gents in the city, and your Margate-steamer men, know how to display a yard of velvet or silk to infinite advantage. See how ostenta tiously they throw open their coats, and show you half u mile of Mosaic gold chain meandering over u champ Jieuri. They are regular tatlois' advertisements, nnd disgust one by their abuse of cheap decoration. We never sec a man in a smart waistcoat but wc think of what lies at the back of it : a yard of silk or calico ; all the glory of the front nega- lived, and the garment so mean behind that he dares not show it. Nut to the good old sailor who spent his prize- money with honesty of purpose, end, let us add, with real good taste also. lie decorated hit shattered timbers stem and stern alike. There was no make- believe finery nbout him, nnd he was not ashamed to take off his coat before any budy ! A way, then, with the petty vanity of n waistcoat ; away with u'l false idea of its giving decoration to the cr.scmblc of the toilet. We know ol nothing in its favor, except one single claim on ihc score of some small utility. To auy one hting in n variable climate il is ol value, as enabling the weaier to modify the lernporalurc of the body. Is the day unusually warm, ho can throw open his coat, and preserve that print neatness of appearance which is required In llie present ago, hut is at variance with the display of ftna linen of the Caroline epoch Or is there a suddcu blast ol wind from the east searching his rheumatic limbs to the veiy hone, he may button his coat over Ids warbt- coat, and he has then a double pro tection for the tendercst chest. But, if thus anxious for the chest, why not lor the back also ? Why should there be two richnesses ol cloth or stuff over the one, and only a single thickness with some flimsy calico, over the other ? In all this there is an inconeisleucv. Our ancestors, who wore only one co'at ul a lime, had always a small mantle ready agamst any change ol lemperaiuru : und they wore a either appended tor lie neck, as in the days ol J.uncs 1,, or mote con stantly on their shuulders, as in the time of Cromwell. The main advantage of the waistcoat c. insists in its being light and permanently worn ; but il should be : made ol the same stuff' throughout, nnJ we think it might well be dispensed with altogether. It Knellcr, I.'Iy, Vandyke and Reubens, could visit the caith again tor u moment, and they were good judges of what was, and what was not, becoming, we bave no doubt but lliey would be unanimous against waistcoats. —Blackwood's Magatine. The Stage Seaman. — The British seaman tells every body he meets to " Belay, there," which wo find, by a reference to a dictionary of sea terms, is mnking n rope fast by turns round a pin or coil without hitching or seizing it. He calls his legs his timbers, though timbers in nautical language, means ribs; and he is continually requesting that they may be shivered. Ho is nlwnys cither nu icrtns of easy familiarity with his captain orpaiticularly mutinous, and is often in love with the same young lady ns his superior officer, whom in consequence of their affections clashing, he generally cuts down to a mere hull, as lie tcchinally expresses it. He calls every elderly person n grampus, and stigmatizes ns a land lubber every indi vidual whose pursuits do not happen to be nautical. When at sea, though only a common sailor, the stngc tar is tha most important personage in the vessel; and the captain frequently retires to llto side of the ship — silting, probably, on a watcr-batrcl, — in order to leave the en tire deck at the service of the tar, while he indulges in a naval hornpipe. The dramatic seaman usually wears patent leather pumps and silk stockings, when on active service ; and if wc nre to be lieve what he says, he is in the habit of silling most unnecessarily on the main top-gallant mast in n storm at midnight, fur the purpose of thinking of his Polly. When he lights, lie seldom condescends to engage less than three shillings at a time ; nnd if (he action has been general a moment before, he has the field all to himself, ns if by general consent, direct ly lie evinces any disposition for a com. bat. If there is a battle, he wins it per sonally, without the aid of any body else ; and he treats the ndmiral as if ho were a mere cipher — as, in fact, he is, for he generally comes in, when nil is over, at the head of his staff lo promote the British seaman, nnd to tell him that his country owes him n debt of ever lasting gratitude. If the tar is a married man, lie invariably leaves his Polly with out the means cl paying her rent ; nnd when he returns, he generally finds her rejecting the dishonourable proposals of a man in possession, who is making nd- vauccs cither on his own account or as the agent ol a libertine landlord. In llicsc cases the British seaman pays out the execution with a very large purse heavily laden at both ends, which lie in dignantly fungs at the shark, as lie figu ratively describes the broker's man, who gocsawuy without counting the money ot giving any receipt for it. The stage tar sometimes carries papers in his bo som, which as he cannot read lie does not know the purport of; and though lie has treasured them up, he has never thought worth while loget any body to look at them, but lie generally pulls litem out iu the very nick ol time, in tlio piesciico of some old r.oblcman, who glances at thcin and exclaims, " My lung lost son!" at the same time expands his arms for the far to rush into. Some- times lie carries a miitaturc, und finds in some titled darne n mother to match it or pulls up the sleeve of his jacket and shows a stain of port wine upon his arm winch establishes his right to some very extensive estates, und convicts a con- science stricken steward of n long train of villainies. At tho close of tus ex ploit, it is customary to Lring in tho union jack (nobody knows why il is in troduced or where it comes Irom) and to waive it over Ins head, to tha air of " Rule Britani a." Preservation of Mrat.—\n Char. Ics:< n, South Cjrol'na, great quantities ol meal ore frequently scot in the night to the icehouse winch adjoins the market of lliat place, and, when hung up in the low temperature of tlio liuuie, it is not only immediately arrcsicd in its progress of putrefaction, but also cumes out in llie morning so cool, and it retains its low temperature even for some time after being ugain exposed upon lite stall. Owing to this very simple and econo mical practice the butchers ol Charleston now kill t heir meat, cveu in tli.it very burning climate, with llie certainty of avoiding all loss from putrefaction, winch otherwise would take place in a single nigbt. As the principle of all putrefac tion is in the dissolution of the liquid portions of the animal substance, and as no putrefaction lakes dace whilst tho tnc.it is at n temperature of Ihiity-two degrees of l'ulireulieit, it follows lliat uuat, pcultry, full, or game might ba preserved in icehouses lor days or weeks, or indeed, for any length ol time what ever. Accordingly, in great metropo litan markets, icehouses might be con structed for the stuting ol meat, fish, poultry, uud game, upon a regulated scale of charges per joint, or head, foe the night or day, or days. It is calcu lated by experienced butchers, that, in London, '2,000 tons of meat, in the shape of mutton und beef alone, arc annually given to the dos, or buried under ground, tent io the glucmakers, or other wise destroyed iu the heats of summer. A few tous of sound Norwegian icc would leeuhle the temperature, and. probably, last for yeats. — Colonial Ma gazine. 