LONDON PERIODICAL PUBLICATIONS FOR MARCH. (From the Examiner.) The new number of the Westminster Review opens with an extremely able article on the great French economists, Turgot and Say. It includes a masterly sketch of the social results of the middle ages, and in what is said of Turgot's noble and unsuccessful struggle for the poor of France, points a moral just now invaluable, on the timely correc tion of injustice. It took millions of treasure and seas of blood, to purchase for France what Tur got's simple expedient of justice would have given her. With one exception, the rest of the West minster articles are an avoidance of literary sub jects, and. the number closes with a third exposure (we have patience, and there is excellent matter, for as many more) of the giant job of the time, our worthy London Corporation. The excepted article, on Shakspeare aud Iris Editors, is a clever re-opening of a somewhat exhausted question of commentatorial value ; hut the writer's lively exposure of other people's assumptions would be better for a little less assumption of his own. We cannot think it a position reconcilable by any train of argument, that Shakspeare thought Mac beth and Hamlet less worthy of publication than Lucrece and Venus and Adonis. He could uot have written Hamlet, if he thought so. In his dedica tion to the Adonis he expressly contrasts it, slight ingly, with " graver labour iu that to the Lucrece, he calls it " untutored lines." There is an easier solution to the difficulty of the non- publication of his collected plays during his life time (for many single plays were published), in the fact of his theatrical proprietorships, and the yet more important consideration of his apparently sudden death. And what does tlie writer mean by turning Partridge's famous criticism on Gar- rick's Hamlet to the disadvantage of the actor "Garrick's truth," he remarks, "was truth to vulgar nature, aud addressed to vulgar minds." It may have been so, but we must be excused for thinking it proved by Partridge. The critic had read Fielding imperfectly. It was not Garrick's knees that knocked together at terror of the ghost, as he sets forth, hut Partridge's that knocked together at terror of the actor. And should the actor not inspire a terror in that awful meeting ? Surely, yes. He should " horribly shake our dis positions," as he says his own are shaken. What Partridge afterwards observes, too, of " how his fear forsook him by degrees and he was struck dumb with sorrow," is a delicate and happy addi tion to Fielding's praise of his friend, which the critic had overlooked. Let .us add that, without intending it, he has understated Theobald's merit in his famous Falstaff emendation. The cliaue from ' 'a babbled of Mr. Greenfield' (as he puts it) to ' 'a babbled of green fields,' is a different and easier suggestion than from ' a table of green fields' (as the passage really stood). It was Pope who sug gested ' Mr.' Greenfield, thinking it possible that the players might so have foisted in a direction to some prompter (a suppositious Mr. Greenfield) for a table on which to put Pistol's parting cup before his journey to the wars! Whereupon Theobald put Pope among the ' Doubtful Editors,' aud there upon Pope put Theobald in the ' D unci ad.' We have nothing from the master-wit in Hood's Magazine, but several interesting papers from the friends who have rallied round him in his illness. Mr. Landor's ' Danie and Beatrice,' Mr. Browning's 'Tomb at St. Praxed's,' Mr. Milnes' prose and verse, and a fragment ' From the Norse,' which is aut Diabolus ant Carlyle ; take the lead in these. We are particularly glad to observe in the fragment of Mr. Browning's poetry (which never wants for thought or passion) a steadier and more sustained versification. The sad announcement at the close of this magazine we quoted last week. If its worst anticipations are realised, the world will have to de plore the extinction of a true original genius in its best maturity ; at tlie season of its ripest gathering. Blackwood begins what will be a 'Sequel to the Confessions of an English Opium-Eater :' hut is not yet The article deals exclusively with pas sages of the writer's childhood, which he supposes to have a certain " hidden harmony" with his latest visitation from Opium- excess ; and is ably written, thongh not unaffectedly. Livelier and more homely writing is in 'Practical Agriculture,' and 'North's Specimens, of the British Critics:' Christopher being somewhat "crusty" with Dryden. as he begins, but gradually opening his large heart, and writing then (in a style not less pleasant for a certain snhduement) with corresponding wit and knowledge. The New Monthly is rich, with an Ingoldsby Legend; the 'Blasphemous Warning:' rhymed with irresistible point, and reasoned to a most sa gacious moral. Nor are the ' Talleyrand Papers,' the ' Peter Priggins' Sketches,' and Mrs. Trollope's novel, and inconsiderable corps de reserve, after the dashing exploit of Mr. Ingoldsby. A kind notice of Mr. Blanchard winds up the number, but not more kind than just. With Fraser's politics we do not meddle, but he has some pleasing papers (he is seldom without them) on purely literary subjects, and a very able and right thinking com ment on the ' Great WartRBnsiness.' But what on earth can be the supposed interest of such details as we find in a 'Walk from London to Fulliam.' Is it possible that any one can take interest in such intolerable trifling ? Trifling, Jerrold's Magazine is not ; whatever its other defects may he. It is very much in earnest. The editor continues his wholesome contrasts of 'high' aud 'low' in his 'History of St. Giles and St. James :' and there is plenty of matter and mean iug, apt and suited to the time, in the ' Genii of Steam,' the 'Luxury of Light,' the 'Tally System,' and the ' Crimes of Quacks.' Mr. Patmore con- tiuues his ' Recollections of Hazlitt;' and the ' Hedgehog Letters' are a smart and lively comment on the month's politics. We have often thought, with the usual free way of thinking about an old school friend, that ' Lem- priere' would he a good subject for a quiz; and here the pleasant old drawler is, most iiTeverenclly quizzed in George Cruikshauk's Table Book ; the whim and mirtli of which must nevertheless give place to the artist's graphic denunciation of the 'Folly of Crime." A large and elaborate etching with this title, wonderfully executed by Cruikshank, illustrates Crime from its mean beginning to its monstrous end, and shows, throughout, its title to the Fool's cap. The ' Stage Ladies' Maid is as good as Mrs. Huraby in the part: and the stage- master, and stage lover, in the woodcut, have a closeness to the truth which we shudder to think of. The best piece of literature in the number is the 'Song of the Months;' but altogether the Table Book is an unexceptionable half-hour's companion, easy and good-humoured, laughter-moving and laughter- loviug. Very different 'Revelations of London' are these in Ainsworth's Magazine ; dealing with Rosicrucian mysteries and Radcliffian ' compacts ;' but grimly fascinating, doubtless, to the lovers of such things. The paper on Mr. Blanchard is very pleasing; being written with that earnest kindness, which in criticism as in everything else, ' adds a precious seeing to the eye.' The number has altogether great variety and. merit. Mr. Hcoton's ballad of ' the Mexican Merchant' is a powerful piece of verse, though with such occasional vulgarities of no- rhyme, as ' saw' and ' drawer ;' and Mr. Oxenford's ' Ghazels' from Riickert, are graceful exercises in a difficult and not profitable art. We must bring out of a more obscure corner in the magazine, a ' Sonnet on March.' The name affixed is 'Edmund Oilier;' probably a young writer, but with the true spirit of poetry in him. The Art-Union, a monthly journal of pictorial criticism, and essays connected with the decorative arts, we should imagine very useful and interesting to those whom its subject matter interests. The information is full and various, aud extremely well brought together. The Polytechnic Review and Magazine, though embracing the arts, is more es pecially devoted to science. The best articles in the present number are on ' Guano,' and Explosive or Projectile Expedients in War. The mention of guano reminds that we must not omit honourable mention of the Journal of Agriculture and Trans actions of the Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland ; of which the present number is the eighth in the new series. The opening article is an agricultural fallacy agaiust Free Trade ; but the papers on purely practical subjects are excellently written. i Finding ourselves in Scotland, let us look at the second part of Mrs. Johnstone's Edinburgh Tales. Their kindly and cheerful spirit continues. A shrewd old-world experience, pleasantly corrected and enlarged with new-world knowledge, gives tone to the adventures of ' Governor Fox.' The veteran's brief parliamentary career, and continual hut very genial mixture of liberality and intolerance, ore highly amusing. The second number of Mr. Wright's Archaeolo gical Album is a manifest improvement on the first ; and tlie project seems not unlikely to work well, and prove a valuable addition to our lighter historical and antiquarian literature. The Library of Travel continues Mr. St John's analysis of the wonders of Egypt and Nubia; a subject for which no more competent inquirer could have been se lected. Mrs. Qowden Clarke's Complete Concordance to Shakspeare, by far the most useful of recent Shakspearian hooks, proceeds with admirable re gularity, and redeems every promise of its com mencement. A cheap and cheerful little series called Burns' Fireside Library, though composed of works com plete in themselves, may he classed with periodical publications. Among the best additions that have been lately made to it, are a nice selection of short tales modernized from the "Gesta Romanorum,' a collection of Ballads from Percy and others, Fouque's ' Sidtram and his Companions' with clever little vignettes by Mr. Selous, and a new translation of Anr old friend 'Peter Schlemil.' A different sort of library, claiming somewhat graver attention, is the Catholic Series issued by Mr. Chapman, to which the latest additions have been a new impression of Mr. Martineau's 'Rationale of Religious Enquiry/ and two spirited translations from the German of Strauss and Schelling. " Mr. Knight's Weekly Volumes are continued with wouderful energy and wealth of resource. Since we last noticed them, tlie first volnme of a selec tion from Plutarch by that excellent scholar, Mr. Long, a new edition of the well-known 'Pursuit of Knowledge under Difficulties,' some of Mr. Craik's excellent writing on Literary and Commercial His tory, curious and instructive ' Memoirs of a Work ing Man,' a collection of pictures of English life from Chaucer, and of Spanish romantic story from the ballads of the Cid, have been added to the col lection Mr. Knight's Library for the Times con tinues the 'History of the French Revolution;' and file fourth part of the ' Political Dictionary,' marks the progress of a most useful section of Mr. Knights Book of Reference. As to Chambers Miscellany of Uuseful and En tertaining Tracts, the reader will probably inquire further for himself, when we say that it is a very handsome volume (in gay binding too!) of treatises and tales, well selected in the subjects and very in telligently handled, sold for a shilling. 