ftorngpontoettK. -. To the Editor bJ' the Melbourne Courier, j T. w Sir>— However strongiy opposed ydu %>piay; be to the practice of allowing news- . cjp'tiiper correspondents to interfere" ih 'mat-- ters of editorial dispute, I hope you will ' not interpose that opppsition on this particular occasion, in "the way of my breaking a lance with your contemporary, of the Patriot. In his paper to-day "this gentleiiian very "gravely states that such- is. the. st ate of things which at pre-, aen t, exist, A h at Iie has foun d ,i t'necessary decline the courtesy of exchanging par Cpeirs with youj and» in .fact, that he sel- .tk4om» if ever, sees the CourieKsA all ; and 5.':i yet in" the very same paper in which th& -fcltemeht is made, r he treats his readers. ;prith a leader of . about : two columns' 1\. "length, and two or three sub-articles; be sides, containing nothing bat information) of ,a certain description, regarding the Courier. So much for coosistency ! — the: -Wry- Coriimodity/ by;the /,r the-- want of which he blames Voii'. l am ab solutely ickened and disgusted, and so, Tarn sure, is every right minded man in G H the cb rn mu ni ty , at the way :in %hich this "editor goes onV Without any- discretion, _ Without the slightest delicacy of' feeling, lie uushackles himself of jalh restraint, and wantonly attacks every person, man rr.wo.man, -that comes in nis way, and Ogives his pen the most unlimited freedom ——whenever - it-is -employed in scurrilous' abuse. , Of a surety this is the man \- Athatt should . brag of- his age as hav- "-g-«b)ed dph his. pa"ssiqnsj"f Not content with disturbing the peace, and ' .blasting -the prospects of others, the man seems to be utterly devoid of any cousi- , deration as to his own. welfare.. He, in facti . is devoid of common sense, and I only repeat what I haveoften heard said, when I say ' tis a public calamity such a pcrepn should, have a newspaper under liis control. Were there the least moder- ptidn iibpttt him or the ghost of a chance "of improvement, one might bear with, hi m;? but really as at present he is beyond' all decency, and I fear he is tob:pld to be capable of improvement. In reference to ibat very ably written letter which. ap- h r.s peared - in -'the- Courier a day of two ago froni your .correspondent Vindicator, it ' certainly -a very powerful one, and ci£lfshedK Idwe say, tremendously sharp ; but "the lashing, however, was exceedingly : well "merited . - And whatever 'he m ay , _ think ojjt, to whom it was applied, he """ may rest assured that there is .scarcely a man in this town, besides himself, but -fdUy .concurs Jn the sentiment I havb just now" expressed. /What he iaid about r_., Mjy. Alder naan .Condell was barbarous in; the extreme, and there is no disputing about it. Such iron-tongued cruelty de- wrv to be scouted by whatever means herald: be used ; and- 1 am glad to ga'her L$ifttheje .was Scarcely an ibdividuai frdm youfh' to old age whose voice was not raised in crying shame upon the ac tion. If I- - have? been severe : your con- : temporary must qexciise mC. . ; musf e. j-jeinembef that " cruelty is the pareDt of and? it weire?aii' act pf sfipck- ing cruelty towards an aheady troubled 'malribuhgeib rliis breast thesword of sarcasm Let him that did so re- member top that' the wound thus inflicted "Wal''rehflefbd the ibpre deadly By the circumstance tHaOhe s.word which he used was 5 sAai ned H to the: Hilt with the' venom of his own black passion. . . l am,- Mr, - : .. ; ibzii t: A-FAMILY ; MAN. j' . 24th July. — - ; 