fRtsttfiaiteoug Extracts Tragical Anecdote.— A small party of a Highland regiment had been despatched from the village of D to search for arms. They stopped at the cabin of a peasant, and demanded entrance. Poor Pat bad a cow, a rare blessing, lie was m the act or clean sing its miserable hovel, with a large three pronged fork, when he observed the soldiers round his cottage. Irishmen generally act from the first impulse; and the first impulse on Pat's mind at this moment was self- preservation He darted from the hovel, and with the long fork in his hand, dashed through the astonished soldiers, heading his course toward a neighbouring bog, bounded by the road over which we passed: The party pursued— Pat had gained an important point. The at tention of the enemy was drawn away from his castle and his little family had time to make arrangements for their safety. The pursuit was hot, but the retreat was still more vigorous. The incumbrance of brogues was soon laid aside, and Pat, in his native phraseology, gained the bog in ajiffey. He was more fleet than his pursuers; but a stout, lengthly, brawny grenadier, as faoiilliar with bog and mountain, as the best Irishman in the province, had far outrun his companions, and every moment gaining ground in the pursuit, when just within bayonet reach when Pat, wheeling rapidly round, charged him with his three pronged fork in front; the thrust was a home one, and the Higlander fell. Pat who in all the varieties of his life had never seen the Highland costume before, gazed in surprise on his fallen enemy, addressing him in his native lan guage, — 'Take that, and much good may it do you; you were in a ol a hurry alter me this morning when you did not wit to put onjour breeches. Faddy and the Soldier — One of the old jugs of the 87lh regiment running the bayonet up to the hilt into one of the 8th French grenadiers at the battle of Barossa, said, — "How do you like it my honey ?" Poor Monsieur making no answer, Pat said, — " Fait, silence gives consent, take that, honey;" and lie gave him another thrust, when a shot passed through poor Pat's arm, and he coolly said, "By the powers, but that was pretty near to me, so it was " On turning round to his silent friend, he found that bis head had been carried away by a cannon shot, Which Paddy observing said,— Fait, he takes it mighty aisy; he dont say a word about it!" What strange beings soidiers are! This wit, at another time would, in all probability, have blubbered like a child; but such are the scenes in war. French Trumpeter— In the war on the Rhine, in 1794 the French got possession of the village of Rhital by a very curious ruse de guerre of Joseph Wreck, a trumpeter. This village was maintained by an Austrian party of 600 hussars. Two companies of foot were or dered to make an attack on it, at ten o'clock at night. The Austrians had been apprised of the intended attack and were drawn up ready to charge upon the assailing party. On perceiving this, Wreck detached himself from his own party, and contrived, by favour of the darkness to slip into the midst of the enemy ; when taking his trumpet, he first sounded the rally, in the Austrian manner, and the next moment the retreat; and the French became masters of the village .without delav. Destructive Force of Field Rockets — A twelve pounder rocket laid on the ground and discharged with out a tube, by simply applying the match to the vent will run along the ground four or five hundred yards seldom rising higher than a man's head, and then al ternately rising and falling, will continue its course with such effect, as, after ranging 1,200 yards, to pierce through twenty feet of turf, and explode on the other side, scattering the seventy two carbine balls with which it is loaded; in all directions. At the first assault of Oporto, two eight-pounder rockets threw the troops of Don Miguel into confusion, after musketry and ar tillery had alike failed in checking their advance. Smoking.—" What harm is there in a pipe ?" says Puffweil — "none that I know of replies his compan ion except that smoking induces drinking — drinking induces, intoxication— intoxication induces bile — bile induces jaundice — jaundice leads to dropsy— dropsy ter minates in death; Put that in your pipe and smoke it" Optical Delusions and Ghosts. — It is, there can be no doubt, when the brain and nervous system have been shatterred by moral causes, or by the sequels of physical ones, that the most curious p henomena occur as regards the visual powers. The auttior of the diary of a late physician has published a ludicrous paper of the spectre dog, which followed the man wherever he might be ; lie could not shake him off, either in his walks or in his bed -room, or in the stage-coach ; the dog was always there: I know not whether this story be founded on fact or not, but a case very similar oc curred to a gentleman who related it to me. In great distress of mind, he had taken a quantity of laudanum with the intent to poison himself. It did not accom plish what he intended, but was productive of most dis tressing nervousness. Among other affections, as soon as he was in bed at night, he saw a dog lying at the foot of his bed upon the floor. liegot-oulof bed to verify it— the dog vanished ; when he returned to his couch there was the dog again. The most singular item in the history was, that his mind could not rectify the error, the visual impressions overcame the rational powers. He would leave his bed two or three times tilth" same night to be shamed by a phautom, and this lasted for full six weeks. At a subsequent period, and previously to his death, which was a melancholy one, he was haunted night after night by a chess board with men upon it. That Ghosts and apparitions have appeared, cannot be doubted. Carlyle has alluded to the history of Luther and the blue-bottle fly, and referred it natu rally to that imperfect state of the sensorial powers when debilitated by physical exhaustion or moral causes. It is not true that there are ghosts in substantial forms, paradoxically expressing it ; but they are visible to . the mind's eye. It is nowhere recorded that two people ever saw at the same time and in company. It might so happen, that of two men walking .down a lane at. night, one should fancy he saw a ghost, and point it out to the other, whose fear might persuade him that he saw something; but no two men at the same time and in each other's company, ever saw the same spectral form before their eyes. — Sir George Lefevre's " Apology for the Nerves. The Dukf's Last. — A painter, whose name, from various reasons we think it more prudent to suppress, it is said, was lately engaged in the country in taking the likeness of the Duke of Wellington. Finding his Grace affable and unassuming, he unfortunately forgot that that which was condescension on the part of his Grace, became presumption in one so greatly his infe rior. Passing the evening in the society of some friends the conversation turned upon the battle of Waterloo; when some person present observed that it never had been satislactorily cleared up, whether the Duke had not been surprised upon that occassion ? The painter under took to solve his doubt, by voluntering to ascertain the fact from his Grace himself during his next sitting. Accordingly, upon the following day, when he had pre pared his palette and placed the Duke " in position," he asked the Duke whether, there was gany founda tion in the report ; in fact, " whether his Grace had not been surprised at the battle o f Waterloo V Afte a mo ment's hesitation, the Duke cxeiaiined, "Surprised! surprised 1 1 I never was surprised until now." Penny.— This word is derived by Camden from pe- cunia, but others suppose that the word is derived from pendo, to.vveigh, and the word has been sometime writ ten according to its origin, pending. The ancient Eng lish penny, or penig, or penning, was the first silver coin struck in England, and the only Dne current among our saxon ancestors. Until the time of Edward I. the penny was struck with, a cross so deeply indented that it might be easily broken and parted into two pieces, thence a\hd half-pennies, or into four, called farthing or farthings ; dut that :prince coined it withont inden tion, in lieu of which he first struck round half- Dence und fat tilings — Phiosnyhy in sport. 