MAYNOOTH.-THE REV. SYDNEY SVITH. [FROM IBB TIM ES - j TH R reappearance of Sydney Smith on he j political «tage, and on the very eve of an im- pending Irish debate, is, to say the least, rasher startling. Everybody ih« u»ht he »as dead au I j gone, his canoiiry occupied by a liiglijy tespect-j able successor, bin wotks empiète in tbiee vo-! j-bi ti.es octavo when behold, just at the moment' (fb at somebody is wanted to g i ve relief to a doll ! debate, WP are presrnted w ith *'a f.agu.eut on j lite Irish Roman Catholic Chcrch, by the lite' Kev. Sydney ^mi'h." The Canon still walk«1 t-be earth, a. d is likely to prove a very untjimt i spirit. Neither living nor dead will he be st. j lent. "Iti> the nature of die animal to write." j be says, "and I cannot help it.*' "E'en in ih^ir ashes livt> their wont»d Hies.*' The inveterate; sot in the fable, wheti he awoke, as he was made to believe, in the infernal regions, ttnuied<atety ; ad-'ressed the gloomy tiossenger of Ore us. S '! f^iithec. frit nd, where could I get something to fit ink ?" Sydney Smith has no sooner waked to a new existence, than he asks for hts pen. i 'I bis is haid upi.n the moraliser*. 'I bey bad j coujpoaeil themseLes to decent regrets an«! pious ttioê.s, \V bete be your gibes now?-your gani i _koU ?-~-your sones ?-your Hashes ot inertimeut, winch vie ie «tont to »et the table tn a roat * The question is int «rr opted with roars of laughter. lt is Sidney $miib again. ? The world at large M ill not be much disturbed at this visitation. They will enjoy an hour with their old friend, without laney tug that the can- dles burn blue. But it is really quite shocking to think ot' the Bishop ot London : bis la>l hope of repose is gone The Bishop had ptobabty justÍ ¿clewed himself up to a good showy pio ..tf.st tti the L'»ids, and »(»'aced himself with the «h iMgW that he was sute fi om Sydney Smith, .v lun¿ behold, the rtoor opens, and a pamphlet Atv the late Cation is laid on tb»- labte, as Iresb ' amTVigoioijs. and as pat to the purpose, as if it h.»d been written yesterday. Turning over the teales, be soon finds his own name, as u«ual. 1 he Bishop of London is intr doced tor thu fluttering pm pose of illusliating what a bishop «.ut:ht itot to be and to do. First, lu* is drawn io the Hie. and ihett *«areal bishop/' 'I he tatter poi wait ma) (tot bc: very sublim«, but it has at least all the merit of contrast. Omnibus Mtnbra \ lacis adero, the prelate seems to bear, and be-1 thinks himself io vaia of an authentic rubric for! the laying of spirits. Venturing another look at the mysterious "fragment," he finds the Canon taking a particular pleasure ia the prospect of; the bishops contributing to the maintenance of the Irish Catholic clergy : " But where is the money-about £400,000 per annum-to come from T Out of the pockets of the bes! of men, Mr Thomas Grenville, out of the pockets of the bishops, of Sir R. Inglis, and all other men who pay all other taxes ; and never will public money be so well and wisely employed !" The late Canons view of the case is simple enough. He starts with a picture of the rival Irish churches, so thoroughly characteristic of the writer, that we are tempted to extract it without raising the question of its fidelity :- i '«The revenue of the Irish Roman Catholic Church is made up of halfpence, potatoes, rags, and fragments of old clothes- and those Irish ¡ old clothes. They worship often in hovels, or ' in the open air, from the waut of any place of worship. Their religion is the religion of three fourths of the population ! Not far off, in a well-windowed aud well-roofed house, is a well paid Piotestaut clergyman, preaching to stoo's and hassocks, and.crying in the wilderness; m»ar him the clerk, i*ear him the sexton, near him thè sextou's wife-furious against the errors of Popery, aud willing to lay down their lives for the great truths established at the Diet of A ugsburg. There is a story in the Leinster family which passes under the name of H " « She is not well.' j "A Protestant c ergyroan, whose church was in the neighborhood, was a guest at the house of that upright and excellent man, the Duke of Leinster. Ile had been slaying there three or four ; days; aud 0:1 Saturday n¡ght, as they were all rt tiring to rest, the Duke said, ' We *hal| meet ( to morrow at breakfast.' 4 Not so,' said our M desi an Protestant ; 'your hour, my lord, is a, little too late for me ; I am very particular itt the discharge of my duty, and your breakfast j will interfere with my church/ The Duke was pleased willi the very proper excuses of his guest, aud they separated tor the uight ; his grace, perhaps, deeming his pal tee more safe from all the evils of life fur containing in its bosom such an exemplary son of the church. The first I whom the Duke saw in the morning, upon en-| teri ti g the breakfast room, was our puuetual | Protestant, deep in roils and butter, his fi-tger ¡ in au egg, and a large slice of the b st Tipperary ham secured o<i his plate. ' Delighted to see iou, my dear vicar.' said the Duke; 'but I must say as much surprised as delighted.' 'Oh, don't you know what has happened ?' said the sacred breakfaster-'she is not well.' Who is tint wellT said the Duke: 'you are not married -you have ii» sifter living -I ara quite uneasy; who is not well?' Why the fact ts, my Lord Duke, that the congregation consists of the clerk, the sex- ton, and the sexton's wife. Now, the sexton's wife it in very delicate health ; when she cannot attend, we canuot muster the uuuiber mentioned in the minie; and we have, therefore, u<> ser- vice on that d «y. The good wowan had a cold and sore throat this morning, arid, as I had breakfasted but slightly, I thought I might as well hurry hack to the regular family dejeuner' I don' know that the clergyman behaved im- properly ; but such a church is hardly worth au j iusuriectton and civ it "war eveiy ten years." j Tiie grand principle of policy w hich the Canon applies to this emergency, is, that tuen a« weil as beasts, ure ali (he tamer for being fed, and that regular v. Give your lion his joint of mut- ton, and you mav put you« head into his mouth with safetv. The Irish il * in an Catholics, with justice and numbers on their sif'e, will never be] quiet, but always i/reakin¿ the peace for some i foolery or other They are poor, and of course j troublesome. So, after ptesenbing to gove¡li- ment some rallier strong remedie** for the lepeal ; agitation, it persevered in, the CuHon first tries i hi* owti peculiar persuasion* : - '. Wini i« the object of ail government?-| The object of all gov« ruinent is roast mutton, potatoes, claret, a stout coustable, au honest' ju«tiee, a clear highway, a flee chapel. V* hat trash in bc bawling in the streets about the Green Isle, the Isle «it the Ocean ! The hold antin m of Erin yo bruah! A far better nu the ni would be, Kriu g » b ead and cheese. Iv ni go cabins that wi.I keep out the rain, Krui go pan- taloons without holes iii them !'' Such ts hts cn«ti leiiii.tl appeal to " dear Da- niel." To Sii ll. Peel, tor whom he appear* to have rather tes* « flection, and rather mme je- ssee', he s tvs - " The fir>t thing to l»e dot e \\* to pay the priests, and alttr a lif.le tim- «hey will take the inonev. One mau «anís to lepai; his cottage ; another wams a hu,; uv ; a thud [c-tiiuol shut h s eves to the dilapidation* of a cassock. The di aft is payable at sight in D-iblm,or y agents in the Uew mat kel town dependent upon the com mis- sion iu Dublin x he housekeeper of the holy mau I* impoilunate for monet ; ami it it is not pmctired tty diawinj for the «aluv. it mu t l»e * x'oct ed by the curses and comminutions from the tagged wo» shippers, slowly, sortowtully, anti sadly." From ttie Piemter, wlnini be considers safe enough, be tutus to ibe Uilras, ami p.les them with i.rguinenlslo which tue most ulna aie usually sen ¡tile : - *' Aud I-1 me b--g «if my d»-ar Ultras mit to imagine thal tiny sm vive tor a single iuMaut without <s> r Ut.brit-th'it they coui<J foi tn au U=tr.t-Toty duiiuistt «tutu. ls thete v Chartist itt (»feat Bi if aili v. ho v< «mid not, upon the fit st iutimaiiou of such au attempt «¡rd«, r a new sou ot clothes, and call «n>on the baker anti milkman tor au extended credit? ls t.tere a political reas-uer who would not cine out <<f h s hole wt:h a new coustmiio; ? I* theie one laveiitiu* rogue who would not be looking tor his pie\ ? ls there one honest mau ot common sense who does not see that out versa I dtsaftVciioli and ctvi n ar would fol ow bom thu blind tiny, the childish ptejudice«. Hint the deep iguoraitce of such a s. ci * 1 have a t.ig-h opiui<.u ot Sir fl. Peel, but he must summon up all his political courage, aud do something next »tssioit tor the pa) meut «tl the ll«>m-tn Catholic priests, ile must run some risk ot shocking public opinion ; nu gt eater r.sk, however, than be did in Catholic emanci- pation. I am sure the \\\ bigs would be true to bim, and 1 think I observe that *ery many obtuse cowntiy gentlemen aie ala* timi by tb« .ttate of Ireland »nd the hostility ol France and Atuetiea. "Give what you please to the Catholic priests, habits are not broken in a day. There must be time as well as justice, but tn the ead these things have their effect. A buggy. * house, some fields near it, a decent income paid quar- terly ; in the long run, these are the cures of sedition and disaffection. Men do not quit the common business of life and join bitter political parties unless they . have something justly to complain of. ' On this point the late Canon enlarges with his usual fertility,and quite beyond our power todo him justice. The contrast is inviting enough to a man who loved peace and *' regular -dining hours/' and for any purpose would ratner draw on the consolidated fund than on popular 'super- stition. On the one side he describes the wretched priest, or his curate, patting his own price on the sacraments at tire font and the altar, and stick- ling for the odd pound before he " oiled" the dyiug man ; on the other side be selects, with remorseless personality, a metropolitan rector, whose revenues «' tumble through the skylight," instead of being procured by ««Catholic methods.'' But one eau no more abridge Sydney Smith than Homer, so we must (et this part of the subject alone for the present. Poor Tommy Moore will find himself a little damaged by the unexpected appearance of this fragment. Ghosts are particularly sensitive of spoliation, and Sydney Smith, from the grave, vindicates to himself au idea which has hitherto passed for Moore's own. Doubtless, be said to himself, " Dead men tell no tales," and thought himself quite safe when the Cauou was goue. Great, therefore, must be his surprise at the fol- lowing posthumous claim : I have always compared the Protestant chureh in Ireland (and I believe my friend Thomas Moore stole the simile from ii e) to the institution of butchers' shops in all the villages )f our Indian empire. ' We will have a but :hersf shop in every village, and you, Hindoos, shall pay for it. We know that many of you do lot eat meat at all, and that the sight of beef- steaks is particularly offensive to you ; but still, a stray European may pass through your village, md waut a steak or a chop : the shop shalt be established ; and 3-011 shall pay for it.' This ts Ëfigli«h legislation for Ireland. There is no abuse I ke it in all Europe, in all Asia, in all the iiscovered parts of Africa, aud in ail we have leard of Tumbuctoo. It is an error that re iiiires 20,000 armed men for its protection in ime of peace; which costa mme than a million t-year ; and which in the first French war, in tpite of the puffing and pauttu^ of the fighting iteamers, wiil and must break out int J desperate ebellion." There is a passage or two in the fragment vhich, with all our admiration of the wri'er's vit and wisdom, we cannot pass quite without exception. Possibly they might have been can seilet! or cleared up if life had allowed. Pos'.hu nous publications always c »ll for a tender and udicious treatment, especially such as this, vhich is evidently imperfect, and written cur ente cálamo, without that elaboration which the writer is known to have bestowed on many of lis liveliest sallies. 