OPINIONS OF THE LONDON PRESS. ( From the Morning Chronicle.) " Altogether the case of Australia, relative to that of Canada, is an a- fortiori case;.. . The only difference is, that Canada is strong,. and Australia,.weak.; Canada has. the United States for a neighbour, Australia is alone in the .world. Lord Howick, in his excellent speech of Thursday night, only, spoke the feeling of every just mind when he expressed the " shame " with which he had listened to as miserable a tissue of inanities and so- phisms as ever fell from the lips of the Parliamentary leader of a great party. It was, in trutli, a debate for the country to be \- ashamed of.. A discussion more discreditable and damaging to the landlord order has not occurred even during the present session. Not a reason,. nor a.decent apology and substitute for a reason, was alleged. against the simple request of one colony to share an indulgence already toanother. This obvious piece of justice was refused, not because there was any real doubt about its justice, nor because any human being would run the shadow of. a risk of being injured by it — but, first, because Australia is not Canada— -which is has true, and as much to the point,. as that Australia is not Nova Zembla,-— and next, be cause the " agricultural mind" is "sensitive," " unsettled," and much given to " panic." A measure of the clearest right and the most indisputable expediency, An which some thousands- of loyal Rritish subjeets, who are busy on the other-side- of the world, engaged in & great national enterprise, have a deep practical interest, is rej ected out of regard to fears that are. con fessedly groundless, and apprehensions that are as palpably ab surd as they are -sordidly selfish. The Legislature has, almost avowedly, taken its rule of action from fancies rather than from facts. The essential interests of a valuable colony are sacrificed, not to the interest of any person or class elsewhere, but to a mere chimerical terror which nobody professes exactly to feel for himself, .but which everybody feels on behalf of every other body. : The national policy- of " treating our colonies asin- tregal parts of the empire" is given up, because landlords say the farmers are airaidfof ghosts. Instead.of "agricultural inter ests"— which hasat least, the-merit of meaning something real The opinions of our able champion the Times were so forcibly expressed in the admirable article which we published in last, week's Examiner, that we have not thoughts it necessary to extract from his second article after the debate.. .andtarigible— we have. got now, as the basis and rule of legis lation, the assumed " senitiveness" ofthe " agricultural rainds." : (From the Spectator ) Mr. Hutt has once more asked Ministers and the House of Commons to admit corn from Australia on the same terms as from Canada ; and lias been refused. The proposition is of a kind that, closely examined, needs not alarm . the veriest pro tectionist ; it is clearly just and reasonable. It was met with arguments so feeble and foolish as to disgrace the utterers. For instance two Ministers made-a great matter of the. distinction between Canada and Australia— that Canada has .always, ex ported, Australia: imported. There is no snch distinction. " Australia " both imports and exports like. British North America ; and when Sir George Clerk says -that "Australia" imports from Van Diemen's Land, he might as well say that British North America imports from Canada ; the fact is, that New South Wales does import from Van Die.r.en's Land, just as Newfoimland subsists on Canadian corn. Another, grave argument is, that the trade cannot be profitable for Australia ; that is the grower's business ; and of course this argument quashes all apprehension as to competition from Australia. A third is that Lord Stanley V promised " Canada ; why then let him promise Australia, and all will be easy. The sole sem blance of a reason advanced by Ministers is, that : Mr. Hutt did not propose to lay a duty on foreign corn imported hzfo Austra lia— corn from Chili, for example— as corn from the United States is charged with duty on passing into Canada. Sir Robert Peel really professes to dread competition from corn which has made two voyages, across the South Sea and the Atlantic ! The immense excess of freight in the case of Aus tralia, even on one voyage, may surely be set. against the 3s. duty on the Canadian frontier. And what has become now of Sir Robert Peel's anxiety to tr£at.the colonies as " integral parts of the empire " ? Sir Robert Peel has not cut so sorry a figure for many a day. A system supported by such arguments cannot stand long." . From the London Examiner.) The claim of Australia to be placed on the same footing as Canada as to corn duties, so ably advocated by Mr. Hutt, is of a kind the least likely to succeed with Sir Robert Peel. What is masked is mere justice, and mere justice is what Sir Robert Peel never grants. No minister has made more concessions than Sir Robert Peel ; hut he never made one on the ground of equity or fairness.. The claim of Australia is too good for success. If it-oould be shifted from its justice to some bad necessity, the prospect of carrying it would be wonderfully improved. Re bellion, or a state of discontent and disobedience bordering on it, would be a pretty sure way of attainment ; but then the question is, whether the gain would compensate ihe evils of dis turbance in the colony. As Lord Howick, in a spirited and able speech, reminded Sir Robert Peel, the Canada Corn Bill had been grounded by him on the large principle that the colo nies were entitled to be treated as an integral part of the British empire; and he maintained that Australia could not be denied the same title to the same advantages. Sir. G. Clerk, however, had opposed the Australian claim, considering it 'unwise to be perpetually tampering with an article like corn, on which so large a portion of proprietors of Great Britain had expended so large ah amount of capital."' "Of all the trades in the world the landed proprietors, if their spokesmen truly represent them, are the most mean in their jealousies, and shabby in their tenacity to their undue sordid advantages. Sir Robert Peel of course argued the Australian question on the specialties. Australia was not Canada. Aus tralia had not the United States for a neighbour ; Australia had no duty on foreign corn. Therefore he resolutely opposed Mr. Hutt's motion. In fact the claim of Australia was liable to none of the objections and dangers that did attach to those of Canada. She has not the duty on the importation of corn, be cause the corn cannot be imported to any neighbouring coun try, and the expenses of freight from very far distant places are too large to allow of the trade. There is no opportunity of smuggling in the corn in her case, which, there is in that of Ca nada ; and Australia, if permitted to give , our growing popula tion her surplns produce, would be in effect like a county of Norfolk, Suffolk, or Essex added to England. Every ship laden with wheat coming into our ports would be equivalent to so much addition to our territory in cultivation. It was the boast of one of the ancients that he could make a small state great, it is the feat of our rulers to keep small what would be great if left to its natural expansion. Judiciously managed, the colonies would be so much enlargement of the United Kingdom, flourishing with the interchange of commodities ; but all this is artificially cramped and crippled, and Sir George Clerk tells us that it is to the sordid jealousy of the landed pro prietors that the sacrifice is made. How long will this be en dured ? Sir Robert Peel will maintain Jit through thick and thin till some cloud lowers in the horizon, and then all will vanish like the fabric of a dream." (From the Colonial Gazette.) " As to the Peel, or infinitesimally small, argument, it may suffice to remark that, although the question really concerned only one colony or group of colonies, still, if it is worth the while of this country to. found and maintain these colonies, it is worth its while to adopt the policy most consonant to their paosperity. It is only prosperous colonies that are of use to a state, and by our legislation against the importation of colonial grain we prevent these colonies from prospering. We expose New South Wales to the vicissitudes of famine and glut (or the alternative of keeping a large amount of its capital— its sur plus income— idly stored up in the form of grain in subter raneous magazines) ; and we prevent the development of the resources of Van - Diemen's Land by shutting out from our market the produce for which, its soil and climate are best adapted.. The South Australian Company have been obliged to receive part of their tenants' rents in kind ; we forbid them to dispose of their corn in this market. We are strangling in infancy the colonies we have been at the trouble and expense of planting. f " It is meant that, with the naturally fertile soil and favourable climate of Britain— with all the improvements in the soil from centuries of draining and manuring—with all the boasted . improvements in our agriculture, of which we hear so much — with all the advantages of redundant capital anda reduudant population,— the British farmer cannot compete with the far mers of countries from which weeds, and roots are imperfectly eradicated, .in which the make-shift resources rendered neces sary by a thin population and inadequate capital retard im provement, and from whence the corn must be brought at an expendi turerfor freight that, of itself, constitutes a " protection ' to the agriculturists at home ? The sacrifice made, upon this plea, of the rights and interests of the colonists is not made to th&. interest of British agriculture; but, as one. of Mr... Hutt's. oproneuts said, with unconscious felicity of : expression, to ''the sensitiveness " of the agricultural interest,. Men who argue in this way ought to object to the growing of grain for market on lands reclaimed from the sea, lest the " sensitiveness" of thb occupants of old farms should be alarmed." 