" It is Bn 'Undertaking of spme degree of dpJix'nfcy to'ieKMrie'lo'to'lfie oaiueuf pnbllcdisufdere. Ifa man happens not to succeed in snoli' ah lnquiry be will be thought'weak'and__visiop{iiy ; if he ItpttCties llie lrue"grievatice," ibiereii tt dangeMhat he may come near to' persons^ of weight and cobsequence, who will rather be exasperated at the discovery of their errors, than ^thaokfof for the occasion of oorre'eting them. If he should betobliged to bleme the favorites of the people, he will be considered as the toolof power-; it he censured those in power, he will be looked on as an instrument of faction. But in' all exertions of ditty, something is to be hazardtd. BURKE* - THE contract with Mr. DEGBAV^S was to bring ip a fresh supply of pare water from below his mills, in addition to the supply already afforded the town by the town tunnel, which is protected-by law from damage or invasion. It is adimHted by the Board"that this new supply wa? to comfe from ah independent source, namely, the Guy Faux Rivulet, a very appropriate name indeed to afay'supp(y of water that approaches in that direction. Yet the' same consistent' Board informs UB that thiB independent source also consisted of the surpltis of the town tunnel, which passes at the back of his hydraulic mills into a small tank, and thence to the town through the aqueduct. In plain English, they try to'excuse MT.DEGRAVES'S attempt under cover of this contract, to divert the town tunnel to his own multifarious uses, and to pass the residne over his saw mills, although they admit that the supply he was to bring in was from a pure and independent source. The surplus of the town tumult ft'iiere is the surplus in tbe summer time, and what was the excuse for this contract f Was it that too much water flowed to the town already, through tbe town tunnel, which with the same admirable consistency,these gentlemen tell us on the authority of MR. DEGRAVES, passes 190,00Q gallons of water per diem ? Where, we may well ask, with such a supply as this, was the necessity for a contract for another supply, except indeed to sacrifice the public rights, and to give Mr. DE- GRAVES the whole command of the water over the millers and the town. Do not the miserable subterfuges of this report make the design plain and palpable ? The contract bound Mr. DEGRAVES to bring in this new supply to a reservoir, and pass it by a row oi pipes to the topi of Macquarie-street. As fat as his power over the millers went, he had the key thus placed in his hand, contrary to law and the rights of the millers, who protested against the plan to Mr. BICHENO, the profound author of this mischief, and are prepared to claim compensation in the event of its proving, which it is certain to do, detrimental to their interests. This however, wais not enough. It became necessary for Mr. DE- GRAVES to secure by any ahd every tneans tbe possession of the town tunnel, so as to place the town also tinder his control. He bad sapped and undermined it. Sjtill it was staring him in the face like Banquo's Ghost—the inalienable right of th'e town. What did he do ? He proceeded to place a Second row of pipes biit of tjie fepgrvoir below his mills, opposite the Factory, into the town turittfel, at a point where tbfe first well was situated, so that he might ttirn the water therein opt of the reservoir below his mills, and so unobserved extinguish the town tuhnel above and the rights of the community together, and shove them all down belbfr his taills, where he might dictate what terms he pleased to the community. The Board cannot deny that this was his object; still they say he got permission from " the chief orgafa of autho rity, the same luminous Mr. BICHENO, to I put down t&e; r 4secdnd row of pipes; at least they say it may be so inferred, and •) therefore' IIO blame is attached to this scheme,-for although it -maybe admitted' that his object was ultimately to do away with the town 'tuupelj etill, they, say, his intention wav not immediately to do so, but prospectively, and with the sanction of tire Government: It only wanted another permission we suppose from this same ichietargan ofauttioirity wholly to sacrifice the public rights. The public cannot fail to discover the nice discrimination here observed between immediate and prospective intention; the one would be bad, the other is excellent, although 1 they embrace tbe same ends. Another most ludicrous specimen of the same mode of reasoning, if it can be so called, will be found in that part of tbe report which refers to M r. DEGRAVES -having pipes in the town tunnel, and abstracting the water from the town. They admit he has a pipe, but then it is placed in' the shoot leading into the tank at the back of his' hydraulic mill, and it is not in the tank itself, and therefore the water is directly abstracted from the town and not indirectly, and although it is a pipe (we believe a four-inch one) still as it has been substituted for another pipe, a secret one it is true, but still a pipe—doubtless a pipe —they, therefore, and as a matter of taste, give the preference to the new pipe. We propose reviewing this report, paragraph by paragraph, and exhibiting its monstrosities to the public, who have a deep, a vital interest in this question, affecting their own and their children's rights. At the same time it is impossible to treat such a document in a serious light. It is full of presumption and pretence, yet the most ahallow-pated production we have ever read. Its imbecility, however, is not its worBt feature. THE despatch of Governor FITZ ROY to Colonel HULME, upon the subject of the late engagement with the New Zealand natives, if not quite so sonorous a producsion as Lord ELLENBOROUG H'S celebrated proclamation relative to the Somnatb GateB, is certainly far more absurd. The Governor " has no hesitation in asserting that mutual good feeling has been increased by these proceedings ; that each holds the other in greater respect; and that a more kindly intercourse will be the consequence." Our troops have been forced fo retire before a fortification well defended by the natives. Such a fact may mightily increase our respect for them, but we cannot see how it is likely to increase their respect for us. With the view, we presume, of fostering this mutual feeling of respect, the Governor, in toother part of his despatch, asserts, that " the rebels" are dispersed, KOWITI and HEKI have fled, and their remaining followers are few in number." It was scarcely worth while, one would think, under such circumstances, to have at all touched upon the probable sentiments entertained towards us of so unimportant and dispirited a party. We are told that a pah, impregnable to musketry, trebly stockaded with walls, Entrenchments, and ditches, is abandoned to the loyal natives. It wis very kind of Mr. Heki to have abandoned so formidable a position, if we did not know that he has done so in order to take up a stronger one, or with the vie* of making a show of tem Jiorary submission, fearful that the result of the late engagement would be to bring an overwhelming forceinto the field against him. Tie new requisition of the University authorities of Oxford to censure Traot XG. has received C56 signatures, and will be sent in next term. It is, however, stated that tbe Vice Cbanoellor will toot move inihe matter unless tbe signatures reach 1000. 