Varieties, " WHAT'S TN A NAME A el np Iowa, by the name of NTcw, recen got married, and being; somewhat o facetious turn of mind, named his fi foorn Something," which of com was *' Something New." The seco was christened " Nothing," it bei «« Nothing New." HEIGHT OP WAVES_The hight wave which struck the French sh ** Venus." during her voyage, was' metres (24 feet) ; the longest wave w met with in the south coast of Nt Holland, and was three times the len» of the frigate, or 150 metres (492 feel An Italian, boasting of the beatiti of hts country to a Yankee, and me lion mg Vesuvius as the climax whit America liad nothing like-" Pooh exclaimed Jonathan, out of patienc ?.* Damn your Vesuvius ! we've got Niagara that will put it out in five tn nutes !" A QUAKER'S LETTER.-Friend Join I desire thee to be so kind as to go 1 one of these sinful men in the flesl «ailed attorneys, and let him take ot an instrument with a seal thereunto, b means wheteof he may seize theoutwar tabernacle of George Green, and brin him before the lambskin men at Wesl minster, and teach him to do as h would bc done by. WORKS RECEIVED FOTI REVIEW U PUNCH."-" Mottled ale," quario Abbott, late Hodgson and Abbott, Lon don.--We have dipped into this pro duclion, and are happy (o be abie ti expresa a favourable opinion of its me rits. Much that comes before os fo criticism is intolerably dry» but thai which we now have the pleasure to dis cass is quite of an opposite character It appeals to the head rather than thc heart, but it possesses all the aweetnesi of the Meux combined with Ute bluf! bluntness of the Barclay. At present we speak only of the quarto edition. When we see it complete in a cask, we shall have a better opportunity of judg ing more fully of its qualities.-Punch. COURTS or LAW.-The Lord Chan cellor is charged with the royal consci ence, which must be rather a weighty matter, considering that fourteen thou sand a-yearis paid for keeping it. The Chancellor is guardian of all lunatics ; and, indeed, considering the number of people who are driven mad by suits in Chancery, the union of the office of Lord Chancellor with that of guardian of lu natics is a very proper one.-Punch. A BULL.-One of Cromwell's follow ers, who filled the station of an Irish Justice at the period of 1661, having oc casion io write the ward " usage," con trived to spell it without using a einöle , letter in the original word. Iiis ortho- j graphy was " yowzilch*' When some remarks were madè, bc quietly averred that " nobody could spell with pens from Irish geese." I ladies, co^ clent of their birth, to languish* in si end satin, beneath ihe load of a fashio able existence. Ah ! little think t j gay licentious paupers^ ^ho j plays, operas, anä «vening parues to ' I forced togo to/ahr) nb catriagcs to obiîgèd to ride about th/ of thia miseri which are endured hy the daughters affluence I lt is a well known fact.th I scarcely one of these tender creatur I can be in a theatre or a concert-room tt minutes without being seized with a vi ! lent headache, winch, more frequent I than not, obliges her to leave belore ti performance is over, and drag a broihe husband, lover, or attentive yoting mi away willi her. If spared the headach how often is she threatened with a fain ing fit (nay, now and then seized with i fo the alarm and disturbance of IK company 1 Not happening to feel fail exactly, still there is a sensation, ** something," as she describes it, ** si doesn't know what," in fact, ** an al overness" which she is almost sure to I troubled with. Unvisited by the! affliction*, nevertheless, either the col or the heat, or the glare of the ga?, t some other source of pain, oppresses ( excrutiates her susceptible nerves. An i when we take one such young lady, an put together all the public amusement which she mustei bergo to-or die-i the course of a London season ; ani I when we add up all the headaches, am swoons, and the somethings she doesn1 know what ; the shiverings, burnings i and other agonizing sensations whicl she has undergone by the end of it, th result is an aggregate of torture trul frightful to contemplate. Suppose sh is obliged to walk-this is sometime actually the case-happy is she if sin can go twenty yards without some pail or other, in thc side, the back, the shoal der, the great toe. Thus the pleasun of shopping, promenading, or a pic-hit ts embittered ; thus iscolocynth infusée into the eau sucrée of bliss! If s|n reads a chapter in a novel, thé chance« are that her temples throb for it. She tries to embroider a corsair ; doing more than an arm of him at a time strains hei eyes. Employ herself in what way alic will, she feels fatigued afterwards, and may think herself well off if she is no worse. Nine days out of ten she has no appetite; on the tenth she enjoys lier dinner, and is taken ill. .Then comes that horrible physic! bhe cannot take pills ; she objects to powders ; draughts are insufferable to her. Poor unfortu nate 1 What is she to do ? Without a care to vex her, save, perhaps, some slight misgivings respecting the captain, she is unable to rest, although on a couch of down. Exercise would procure her slumber; but oh ! she cannot take it. Whether a little less confinement of the waist, earlier hours, plainer lunch eons, more frequent airings in the green fields, and mental and bodily exertion generally, than what, in these respects, is the fashionable usage, would in any way alleviate the miseries of our fair sufferers, may be questioned, lt may also be inquired how far such miseries are imaginary, and to what extent a trifling exercise of resolution would tend to mitigate them ? Otherwise, suppos ing them to be ills that woman is neces sarily heiress to- unavoidable, irreme diable-gracious powers ! what torments -what anguish must fish women, washer women, charwomen, and haymakers, to say nothing of servants of all-work, and even ladies' maids, endure every day of their livès I-Punch. f A soldier being tried by a court-mar tial for drunkenness, was addressed by the president in the following words : " Prisoner, you have been found guilty of habitual drunkenness ; what have you to 6ay for yourself ?" ** Nothing, please your honour, but habitual thirst." There was a report (says Lord Eldon in his Anecdote Book), that the Duke of York said to Mr. Coutts, «« I think, sir, you have been my banker for more than twenty years and that Mr. Coutts replied, *' Your royal highness, i think, may be said lo have been my banker during the whole of that t¡me; as my money has bren in your hands, not your money ur mine." j ! .* Shall I have your hand ?" said a j New Yolk exq«iisite to a belle, as IIIP dance was about commencing. 44 Willi all my heart," was the softrespor.se. yob put plenty of ghosts on de top of de vater - «v^Baääy O'l^ry^pld a ^nelwiatithe ijonier- day that tire principal ; $e£<f in i Ireland ms potatoes, I !.. Lord Eldon's advice to the present Lord Devon contains tné ruîe^f hjshwy life :-** Mrv Courtenay, now Earl of Devon, being iaïeîy ;»p^ôîrited to a mastership in; Chancery ; by thé Lord Chancellor (in whose gift these offices lay until the remodelling, of thtm by Lord tirougbam's Act, 3rd & 4th Wit liam IV., chap 94), asked Lord Eldon whether it would be necessary for him to resign his retainer for Queen Anne's bounty,to which he was then the stand ingcounsel . \Vhy,speakingasafrtend,' answered Lord lildon, * I should ad vise you to do no such thing : the true rule, is to get what you can and keep what you have/'--Punch. THE GIRLS.--They think on Hymen, and can't help sighing. When their lovers forsake them they can't help cry - in«;. They sit at the window and can't help spying. Into private matters they can't help prying. To get each a beau they can't help trying. When together their tongues they can't help plying. At ihe minor they can't help twisting, and turning, and trying. They screw up their corsets, bring on the consump tion, and can't help dying.-American ' paper. ! A GnoGGY CUSTOMEH.-A person ir I the habit of using a tavern in this cit) j (Canterbury) was surprised a few day; : since by a bill being presented to him, I charging him two hundred and ninety six pounds for grog, alleged lo havf I been had on credit !--We understand that he intends having this memorial framed,-Kentish, Observer. Attention to dress is perhaps ihc last remnant of vanity that clings to a woman. Misery and misfortune make men slovens. - Though she he on her trial for her life, a woman will take care ihat her figure and her face shall be set off to the best advantage, ,W»y are women always punctual? Because, when they are (a) Ut le behind, they always make it up With bustle. A young lady taking a walk one morning, met" a gentleman of her ac quaintance, to wli3m she said, "You see. Sir, I am out for a little sun and air." ** You had better get a husband first," was the ready responsè. AK "ARTFUL DODGE.*'-in the Exeter Court of bankruptcy last week the bankrupt under examination, an attorney, named Drake, lately in ex tensive practice at Barnstaple, stated it had been his practice to carry in his pocket-book a blank check-book of each of the local banks; and the rea son he assigned for this practice was, that sometimes people would say, '* Dear me, if I had my check-boote IM pav you." *' Oh ! you would, would you ?" " Yes, certainly ;" whereupon he was down upon them with a blank check, and the transaction was closed. "When Mr. Hotham was made Garon of the Kftcliequer, who liad never had any business at the bar, hut who, by the effect of great natural good sense and discretion made a good judge, he gave, as usual, a dinner at Sergeants' Inn, to the judges and the sergeants. Sergeant Hill drank his health thus : ( Mr. Baron Botham, I drink your health.' Somebody gently whispered (he sergeant that the baron's name was not Botham but Hotham-« Oh !' said the sergeant aloud, * f beg your pardon, Mr. Baron Hotham, I beg your pardon for calling you Mr. Daron Botham ; but none of us ever heard your name in the profession before this day 1* " Lord Eldon's Life. IMPORTANT DISCOVERY.-A. smoothing iron, on a perfectly new construction, has been recently indented at Paris, which proves infallible for removing wrinkles from the face. A single application has the most surprising effects I The chief secret is said to consist in its being used red hot. with a strong fomentation of vitriolic «cid GOOD-PERFECTLY GOOD.-A bachelor observed that he would marry if certain of a wif>>perfectly good. A by stander bengeo him to bespeak une, as few were to be bari ready made \ A GKNÜRAL INVITATION-The "Exeter t Post" tells a story of a down-east militia captain, wno, on receiving a note from a Indy requesting *' the pleasure of his com pany," u inlet stood it as a compliment to those under his command, and marched the whole of them to the lady's bouse ! 