THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. second article. Ha ving, in a former number of tbe Sentinel, ex posed the sophistry of the Chronicle in reference to the one, holy, catholic, and apostolic Church, md having shewn that the Guide whom God left to man was not any body of fallible men endowed collectively with imaginary infallibility, but the Holy Ghost ; it remains that the fallacy of the Popish and Pusey ite doctrine respecting the constitu tion of the Catholic Church should be pointed out and that the horrible blasphemies of the Chronicle respecting the Scriptures of truth (which it may be charitably hoped were written in ignorance) should be held up to well-merited rebuke. To put the question intelligibly before the reader, it is necessary to make an extract of considerable lengih : — "The Bible alone," (says Chillingworth) " is the re ligion of Protestants." This, however, is but a delu sion and a juggle, more becoming a Sophister or Char latan than a teacher of divine truth. As many do uot take the trouble to enquire into the matter, but take it for granted, it is necessary, to examine it a little. What is the Bible? the word means a book ( Biblia , books) and it is a book; as a book, and though called Scrip ture (or writing), neither of these names can convince us that it was in entry part dictated by the Holy Ghost to the writers, we not being present, nor knowing the mode of inspiration if we were. No man can then ly his private judgment tell whether a single word of the Bible was so inspired, even supposing it all true as his tory ; it follows, therefore, that it is only by the testi mony of a Church which cannot be mistaken or err, the depositary, the witness, and the guardian of the Scrip tore, that we can know its divine original ; and those who deny the authority of snch a Church, can have no faith founded on supernatural motives, but only a low -and a human faith, or opinion rather, as concerning any other ancient book. Further, the Bible being a book, consists of leaves of paper, on which certain cha racters (called letters) are impressed: these characters are visible signs or symbols of words; as the words they denote are themselves but audible signs of ideas which exist only in the mind of a speaker ; now a speaker, or a writer, by uttering or "writing these conventional signs, communicates to the minds of others what passes in his own ; nor is there any other mode given to man by which he can transfuse into the minds oi others images of his own ideas ; therefore, the Scriptures are but a more improved species of hieroglyphics, not always easy to be understood, nay, we know that in certain parts, viz., in \- St. Paul's Epistles, are " things hard to be understood." The Bible is not, properly speaking, the Gospel, or Word of God, though often called so: at the utmost, it is but it's vehiculuml if in strictness it can be called even that. A ship carrying wheat is indeed its vehieulum : so is a basket conveying bread ; the basket and the bread are, however, distinet things; but the basket containing bread differs from the Bible as a veliiculum'for all may alike taks bread from she basket : bot do all alike take divine truth from the Biblt? Too well alas! we know the contrary. Therefore the Bible conveys to us the signs only or symbols and characters wliioh present di vinetruths, which if we misconceive, or misunderstand, or pervert to a meaning other than that intended by its divine aothor, we receive from the Bible -not the bread of life, but a spiritual virus— the poison of the soul The Bihle brings good tidings to the good — holy to the holy— evil to the evil. There ought to be then, and there is an autnority de fcrnding from Christ and his Apostles, to live through nil time, to spread through all nations, aud incapable-of deceiving or of b-nng deceived, to teach all the faithful,- as to what are the true scriptures, what not ; what is the true meaningof these scriptures, weat nof: in short, the' whole body of faith delivered by her Divine Founder, to that church which he lias " espoused with an eternal lore and this is that august body designated by tbe words in the Creed," I believe one, holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church r' a church which cannot be hidden : cannot die : cannot err : Christ was not a'foolisli builder to lay his foundations on sand : nor did he light a candle that it should be hidden under a bushel or ex tinguished. The principles which the writer of the above ex tract seems desirous of establishing appear to be these thiee : — 1st, That there is not enough of evidence for the divine inspiration of tbe Bible, but that its origin can only be known by the testi. mony of a church which cannot err. 2ndly, That tbe Bible is not sufficient to teach man the things necessary for salvation, without the interpretation of a Church which cannot err. Aud, 3rdly, That there ought to be and that there is, a church of this sort existing on earth — a church descending from Christ and bis Apostles, and commissioned to teach men what is the true meaning of these Scriptures, aud what not. Those who are familiar with the writings of Protestant divines will smile to see these oft-refuted arguments revived, and will think it a needless task to " slay the slain" again. But( alasl it is necessary to do so, and especially in this Colony, where so large a portion of the com munity is buried under the darkness of the Papacy, and where so few, even among those who outwardlly belong to purer communions, have either the courage or the ability to protest against such abomi nable insults to the Majesty of God. In a country where the means of acquiring accurate views of Christian doctrine are necessarily limited ; where works on Romish errors are almost confined to tbe libraries of the clergy, if indeed they are even there ; in a country where the priests of an idol' temple are fed from the public purse, and placed on a footing with ministers of Christ's Church, and teachers of the faith once delivered to the saints — in a country where the Popish minority support a journal devoted to their interests, while hitherto the Protestant majority have accorded but a lame and insufficient support to tbe journals which at different periods have been commenced, rather, however, as the organs of a sect, than as indepen dent Protestant advocates— in such a country the necessity of disseminating, by means of the press true notions respecting Christian doctrines, and of exposing the dangerous delusions of Rome, is fear fully apparent. It is the increasing urgency of this necessity which has called the Sentinel into ex istence ; and though there are some who affect to regard discussion on points of controversy with a sort of mawkish dislike, and style them uncharita ble, and so forth, it is consolatory to know, that many ate beginning to feel the deep importance of these hitherto neglected subjects, and to be im- pressed with the expediency of merging minor points of difference in the great cause of main taining the truth for which our fathers suffered and died. 1\. With respect to the first principle asserted by the Chronicle , viz , that the Bible does not carry its divine authority along with it, or at least that the evidence for its inspiration is defective, without the testimony of an infallible witness, the Church. It might be supposed, from the tone of the writer, that such men as Leslie, Lardner, and Hall, had never proved the genuineness and authenticity of the books of the Old and New Testament, with a closeness and conclusiveness of reasoning amount ing to demonstration ; that the possibility of forgery has been shewn to be as absurd as the " possible angels'' of Thomas Aquinas; that, in fast, the evidence for the whole canon of Scripture, and for every part of it, is far more complete than for any fact in profane history which is universally re ceived by mankind. The mere external evidence on which our belief in the life and miracles, and the death and resurrection, of Jesus Christ rests, is a hundredfold more full and conclusive than that for the life and conquests of either Alexander of Ma- cedon or Julius Csesar. But the evidence for the Bible is of a far higher order as well as of a higher degree than that which can be exhibited for any other book. The value of critical evidence is not to be under-rated ; it is our defence to them that are that without, to whom the doctrines of the cross are foolishness ; but the evidence for the divine original of the Bible is such, that the most igno rant man may satisfy himself that he is reading the words of God and not the inventions of man, and that from the book itself, without any human testimony whatever. "The word of God is quick and powerful, sharper than a two-edged sword." But that the less learned reader may be furnished with a shortand yet unanswerable argument in favour of the divine authority of the Bible, and which, being in a strictly logical form, he will advantageously com pare with the infelicitous attempt of the Chronicle which the Sentinel had occasion to expose- in a former number. Let him examine the following which is attributed to one of the most eminen t English divines, and is given thus : — " The Bible is either the work of good men or angels, of bad men or devils, or it is the work of God.'' It cannot be the work of good men or angels, for such would never say " Thus saith the Lord, when the Lord had not spoken." It cannot be the work of bad men or devils, for such would never write a book condemning every kind of sin, and dooming the sinful to eternal perdition. Therefore, the Bible is the work of God.'' 2\. But, taking the inspiration of the Holy Scriptures as a point irrefragably established, the Chronicle would persuade us, that after all it is of no use to us unless we have an infallible interpre ter. This is one of the grossest impositions ever palmed upon her votaries by the mother of hailots. It was by spreadiug this notion that she contrived for so many centuries to lock up the precious Word of God in the cellar of a dead language, and thus brought the whole of Europe into a state of abject submission to the Papal see. Romish writers have a thousand times iterated the assertion that if the Scriptures had never been written, the tiuth of Christ would have been preserved in the traditions of the Church ; .and no doubt the writers devoutly wished the Bible had sever been written ; but blessed be God, who left not his Church to the uncertain traditions of men, but bequeathed to us the sure testimony of the Lord, which con- verteth the soul, and maketh wise | the simple. Pope Pius IV., whose famous creed every Romish priest swears to believe, gives the following as the second article of his faith. The translation is literal: — "I also admit the Holy Scripture, ac cording to that sense which our Holy Mother the Church, to which it belongs to judge concerning the true sense and interpretation of the sacred Scriptures, has held and does hold; nor will I ever receive or interpret them, unless according to the unanimous consent of the Fathers." The plain meaning of which is, that the Bible is a very good book in its way, but that the sense of the Church and the unanimous consent of the Fathers are very much better things, that withou them the Scripture is only a dead letter. Now what will tbe intelligent reader, to whom this sub ject perhaps may be new, think, when he is told, that the sense of the Church and the unanimous consent of the Fathers are mere pretences — that such things never existed. The priests of the Papacy come under a solemn oath that they will not receive the Scripture in any other sense than riiat in which the Church receives them. Now it is a fact, that the Church has never informed the world in what sense she receives the Scripture The priests, when they take this oath, therefore solemnly bind themselves never to receive them at all. They swear they will not take or interpret them otherwise than according to the unanimous consent of the Fathers. Such unanimous con sent never existed. Therefore the priests swear that they will not take or interpret the Scriptures at all. It may be boldly maintained, that the church of Rome never gave an interpre tation of any one book, or of any chapter, from the beginning of Genesis to the end of the canon. If such interpretation exist, let her produce it, or at least say where it is to be found. So precious a treasure should not be suffered to moulder away in obscurity. Only let it be produced, that our Pro testant disputes and diversities of interpretation may be set at rest for ever, and that the supremacy of the Church of Rome may be proved beyond the reach of heretical attacks. The fine writing of the Chronicle , therefore, is mere moonshine — a pane gyric upon a nonentity— a eulogy upon an imagi nary essence. He tells us, we have need of an infallible guide to interpret the Scriptures ; but it appears that the guide has shamefully neglected her duty, for she has never given any interpretation of the Scriptures whatever. Before the learned gentleman calls on us to bow with submission to the decisions of his infallible interpreter, he is at least bound to shew that such decisions have ac tually been given ; he is bound to shew that such uii interpretation, and such apostolical and eccle siastical traditions as the priests of his church swear to believe, have actually keen handed down from the days of the Apostles for the instruction of the church in the present day. When we know how seldom two people are found to tell the same story in the same way, it would require a perpe tual miracle to preserve uncorrupted the oral tradi- tions and interpretations which the Chronicle vaunts so highly ; and before we admit the reality of such a miracle, we are justified in demanding the clearest evidence that it has actually been per formed. Even now, in the nineteenth century, let the Church of Rome collectively come forward and in a general council declare her interpretation of the Scriptures, and those traditions which she tells us she has received from the Apostles — let her only prove tbe facts, and there will be an " end of religious controversy." 3\. The Chronicle tells us, finally, that there ought to be, and is, such an infallible guide as that respecting whose instructions he is so magniloquent. After having shewn the worthlessness of his guide it might almost seem superfluous to prove that both the guide and the guidance are mere creatures of he imagination. There does not exist on tbe earth any man, or any body of men, who possess the power of guiding men into truth, and of de livering final judgmen s on matters of controversy. The final appeal is to the Holy Spirit of God speaking in the canon of Scripture. And though the Chronicle may magnify the difficulties of Scrip ture, and talk of the danger of committing the sacred volume to the hands of the unlearned and unstable, the simple fact is, that the great doctrines necessary to salvation are so plainly taught in the Bible, that he that runs may read them, and the wayfaring man, though a fool, shall not err therein. This prate about difficulty and things hard to be understood is a mere excuse for not reading the Bible at all. Wicked men, truly, do pervert and wrest the words of the living God. The Chronicle for once writes correctly when he says "The Bible brings good things to the good— holy to the holy- evil to the evil." This is, indeed a melancholy truth. But we must not reason against the use of a thing from the abuse of if. There is not a single gift of God to man which has not been abused— are we therefore absolved from the duty of re ceiving them with thanksgiving ? If the perver sion of Scripture hy evil men is to compel us to pin our faith to the sleeve of the Pope— if because the Bible brings evil to the evil, we are to re frain from its perusal, or only to take it in such moderate doses as a priest may see fit to prescribe —on the very same principle we must disregard the gospel of Christ itself. " For we are unto God says the Apostle, " a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish : To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life' unto life." 2 Cor. ii. 15, 16. Nor is there any greater force in the reasoning of the Chronicle upon the differences among Pro testants. Upon points essential to salvation there is no difference — the Trinity, the Atonement, the Justification of man before God, and the coming of Christ to judgment, are held by all Protestants, for they may be proved by most certain warrant of Holy Scripture. But with respect to things in. different, we suffer no man to judge us, whether the question be of a new moon, or of a feast, or of a holyday. We believe that every particular Church has authority to frame rites and ceremo nies, as may be judged best for edification ; we believe that wherever two or three are gathered together in the name of Christ there Christ has a Church, and that He will be in the midst of them to bless them With the Holy Scriptures for our guide, we reject all dependence on human testi mony or interpretation, and fear neither the ana. thema of the Pope, nor the scarlet covering of the cardinals — no, nor the archiepiscopal vestments of Count Polding himself, with all his regiment of black dragoons, and (now for a climax) the re doubtable Chronicle himself bringing up tbe rear. 