to the editor of the sentinel. M He who seeks the reform of a flourishing establish ment; writes with an halter round his neck." — Paley. Sir — Having seen in your admirable paper extracts from Engluk J iurnals, containing accounts of Ministers of the Church of -England, who refused burial to the members of other communions, on the question of the deceased not having beeit duly baptized, perhaps the following ingenious method of getting over a difficulty of that description, may be worth a place in your journal. The question of the validity of Lay Baptism has been agitated amongst our Apostolical succession men ; and the Bishop in his charge, a few years back, delivered his sentiments upon the question. After the charge, a clergyman addressed ray informant, by saying, lie was gratified with the Bishop's explanation, as he had been lately in a great dilemma, being called upon to bury twins, one of whom had been baptized, and. the other not; he, howsver, solved the difficulty, by re questing that both the twins should be put in the same coffin, and thus was enabled to bury the holy and un holy, within the pale of consecrated ground, as well as to read the Church service 9»er the inoffensive little being, who, only for this bright expedient, would have been buried like a dog. Surely some short and suita ble service ought to be framed for such cases ; for in fants dying unbaptized, especially in acountry like this, where many bundreds must die unbaptized by clergy men, there being none perhaps within a hundred miles Not that it will matter anything in the day of Judgment ; for we ere .not stved by baptism, but by faith; the former, like circumcision, being " the sign or seal of the righteousness of the faith"— which sign or seal as the Apostle declares avaiieth not, " but a new creature."— Gal : vi. 15 v. 1 do not, . however, mean by these remarks to deny the divine authority. of this rite, nor its simple and tiuly expressive character, as shadowing forth some of the most important truths of our holy faith, but to make.the observance or nen- observanee of such a rite in ihfants, or the peculiar manner in which such a rite might have been administered, a question as to the interment of the dead, is in my opinion, extending the power of the Church beyond the living, . even to 'the grave : it is placing, as far as infants are concerned, these inoffensive beings in the same sentence of deprivation as excommu nicated persons, or those who have Lid violent hands on themselves; i e. self-murderers. (See Burial service.). But this happy expedient brings to my recollection another case (a tact.) One of our Ministers, the son of an Independent, began some few years since to have some doubts as to the validity of his Btpljsm. Good easy man, having unburdened his mind to the Apostoli cal succession men, he was actually persuaded to be re- haptrzed, or according to their notion, to be really bap tized ; he and his cLricat friend shut themselves up in the church, and actually made the Minister a Christian a conversion, would to God, we could see more freqvffbfy in our church : for alas, it is too self-evident, that of our ministers are not Christians, although they have? solemnly declared that they had been.called by the Holy Ghost to their sacred office, mistaking the desire of amily interest,, or the desire of -having a. gentlemanly profession, &c.;— for the call of the Eternal Spirit.< Surely this is worse than the sin of grieving the Iloly < Spirit of God, and more like the tin of Ananias in lying to the Holy Ghost. Such d iffers with sacred things will find themselves in a worse condition at the fast day it is to be feared, than many of the not " really bap tized," whose bodies must not defile sanctified ground. Tne great comfort which we can however deduce is, (hat the kingdom of Heaven M is open to all believers." Probably I may beg a corner of your valuable paper for some better digested remarks upon the rite of Bap- tis'm, which we see now preached up, not as the Cate chism expresses it " generally necessary- to salvation," out absolutely so. A CHURCHMAN. P . S. I did not use the word " separate" in a forme , communication in the sense of " a breach of allegiance,' but in the sense the Apostle uses it. 2 Cor. vi. 17, J am glad, however, at your bringing forward the ques- i lion of the independence of the ancient British Church, « subject little known amongst a great portion of our Churchmen, and consequently deserving of more lengthened remark. Should you not revive the subject, 1 may venture to do so. Would it not be well for the preachers against schism to study Paley more than the Tracts of the Times. J send them a few quotations to- digest. " It is impossible that the practice ootnplained of the imjosidnn of articles of (aith by fallible men could originate from the Apostles, who acted under in fallible- directiou. But this practice, from whatever root of bit- ernes it sprung, has been one of the Chief causes, we assert, of the divisions and distresses which we read of in Ecclesiastical History." — Paley on subscriptions to article. " When «h# ipu-t forth .a system of propositions con ceived in a new dialect and in unscriplural terms, when she ascribes to these the same evidence and certainly ar to Scripture itself, or decrees and acts as if they were equally evident and certain, she incurs, we apprehend, the charge which tliese -expressions imply.— Idem. " Now in regard to the practice of the Apostles, and application ot it to -ourselves, we are always bouudfeggt t o go 'beyond tlie precedent., though for want of thfe sams authority we may not always advance up to it; it becomes- us to be cautious of proceeding where they in the pleni tude of their commission thought ipraper to stop." He- sums up the evils of forcing subscriptions as "distress ing many of the clergy, -corrupting others, keeping out of the Churches good Ch-ufoh men, and faithful citizens ; making parties in the state by giving occasion to sects and separations "in religion; -these are inconveniences ho man in his senses will deny." — Idem. And then this learned Divine quotes the dreadful acts of Charles I-I Fining Laymen 201. for preaching, for administering the sacrament, 1001. Also William II I. against controversy, under pa;n of imprisonment, &c.; Surely between the Church and tiie state, men" who had any sensitiveness of (conscience must, like poor :Johu Buiiyan, hav-e been in a bad plight. Excommu nication, fine, and -imprisonment, musr have pursued them like so many spectres every where. No wonder that men have become Dissenters, and that they should entertain to this day au instinctive dread of the revival of thumbscrews. ' I eonclude with one weighty sentence to the eeremo- nia I Tractarians, and the schism makers " Let the church pare down her excresences ; let her discharge ho;h her Liturgy controversies unconnected with devo tion ; lei her dismiss mo-? oi her articles, outi nonuort those whicli she retains into terms of peace ; let her re call the terrors she suspended over freedom of enquiry ; let ihe toleration she allows to Dissenters be made ab solute ; Lt her invite men to search the'Scriptures ; let her Goveriiors encourage the studious and learned of all persuasions. Let her do this, (and uot be painting crosses on windows, erecting stone altars, advocating prayers lor the dead, and celibacy), and she will be secure of tlie thanks of her own clergy, and what is more of $heir sincerity." — Idem. "The truth is, that we know not a better remedy against the temporary and incidental evils of an estab lishment, than a free, entire, and unexcepted toleration, nor how any endowed Church can be more effectually preserved, either from stagnation or decay, than being; ever stimulated and kept on the alert through the talent and energy, and even occasional malignity and injustice of private ad-venturers."— Chalmers Chrislan and Civic Economy. "A greater, consent may grow out of enquiry than at present, and the few who shall think it necessary to recede from our communion, will acknowledge the ne cessity to'be inevitable, will respect the equity and mo i'Ka 'RkioKlteKorl P.knrpli ntiri litro in naaoo UCia>IUII VI IUC liaioviie'H " -vtiuivii www »«» V Ml with all its -members."— ldbm. - . But what is the plan of the Church Lay Ass'nfctfjson ; prove yourself a good Churchman by the amount of in sult and abuse you can heap upon others. Let our moderation be known, unto all men. Good Lord deliver us from such a self laudatory temper as this : stand alar fiom me, I am holier than thou: Maintain your principles, Gentlemen, but let it be in in the exer cise of that heavenly Virtue, Charity. 