TO THE ROMAN CATHOLIC PRIESTS OF IRELAND. f Dublin, May 19 1845. < Yery Rev. and Rev. Brethren. — The importance of the awful crisis at which we have arrived will, I hope, L serve as an apology for addressing you on the present occasion. Years of the same professional duties hare rendered me acquainted with many ol you— ties of the. purest friendship linked me to many more of you during the long period of six years which we spent together within the dark and dreary walls of that college which is now engaging so much of the public attention, and ia which you know ihat doctrines of ah immmortal and anti-social tendency, and in direct variance with the doctrines taught by the Lord Jesus, are inculcated. — You are, no doubt, aware that the Prime Minister of" England, despite the pressure of public opinion which prevails lrom without, is using his utmost exertions in order to increase the grant of that establishment, and consequently to perpetuate that system which vou alas ! know to be fraught with superstition and error, , and to be therefore prejudicial to the glory of God and the best interests of man. To those fine feelings which I know many, very many of you possess, and which, where they directed in their proper channels, would do honor to our proper humanity, I now most respectfully appeal. Yru know jg that the doctrines which you teach, and which secure- r for you so much human respect, are purely .if human in vention ; and such of them as are apostolical you con- t, lound with the traditions ot men. With these truths you are as well acquainted as I am ; you know, for in stance, that the doctrine of transubstantiation was quite unknown until the day of Paschasius Radbert, Now, V who was the Paschasius Radbert? Why, he was an humble monk of Corbey, and he it was who first taught the doctrine of the real presence in a discourse delivered by him upon the body and blood of onr Lord Jesus Christ, iu the year 831, and you know that this dogna of Roman Catholic belief which invests your order with so much power — a power greater than was ever pos- / sessed by either angels or archangels ("for they never claimed the previlege of being G.od-tnafeers.) was not fully established until the fourth council ot Lateran, which was held in the year 1115. I have said that this strange doctrine; with' which onr forefathers were perfectly unacquainted w itli the b'rtb of Christ until the days oi Paschasias Radbert, invests "the Roman Catholic Priest with a power greater than that possessed by ei ther angel or arehangel. Now, I will go further and undertake to prove that this im pious doctrine invests him with a power greater thaui that which our Lord Jesus Cnrist himself, as man, pos. sessed, k In the fifth verse of the eighth psalm of David we read these words—" For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, aud hast ciowned him with glory and honour." Now Saint Paul, in the second chapter and ninth verse of his Epistle to the Hebrews refer the words of the Royal Prophet to our Lord Jesus Christ", 1 for he says—" But we see Jesus who was made a little lower than the angels for thejsuffering ofdeaUi, crowned J with glory and honour." From these texts of Scripture J I thus argue: Christ, according to the royal prophet David and St; ; Paul, is lower than the angels. But the Roman Catholic -Priest, with his impiously , assumed powet , is greater than the angels ; for no celes- > tial spirit ever claimed any such power. Therefore the R.«man Catholic Priest, with his impi ously assumed power, is greater than the Lord Jesus Curist ; a conclusion as ridiculously absurd as it is blas phemously impious. You should, very reverend and reverend brethren, re ject this doctrine as the innovation, of man,, and diacon- tinue to teach it your superstitions and too confiding country. 1 know it would be extremely repugnant to your natural feelings to renounce a doctrine which in1- sures for you that human respect to which 1 before made allusion , at the same time that you are perfectly con vinced that neither yourselves, nor those subjected to your spiritual instruction when they communicate, eat a living man. A s controversy is not my object, I will not dwell any longer on this painful subject, but I will Botcouclude this part of my address with an observa- tion familliar to you all, and which you often inculcate from your altars and from your pulpits—" That human respect, like everything else human, is of a transient duration, and that the treasure which will never fade should not be sacrificed for a momentary p ratification." How beautifully is the evanescence of earthly pleasures described by tiie poet when he compares ihem to the Rainbow's lovely form Evanishing amid the storm- The next doctrine to which I wish most respectfully to call your attention is the doctrine which teaches the necessity of confessing our sins to a priest. You are n»t ignorant of the (act that confession to a priest was quite unknown until the fourth Council of Lateran ; at least it was not made compulsory until that period when the fathers to compose that council decreed, in order to enforce it, that such persons as relusecl|t i submit to it should be excommunicated whilst living, and de prived of Christian burial after death. This practice, therefore, which gives you unlimited control over the consciences of sinners —which hardens them in their habits of sin— which throws families into confusion— which sows discord- between the husband and wile — between the brother and sister— between the father and child — which corrupts the youthful mind and makes it familiar with crimes which, in more mature years, it would not even have thought of— which disturbs the peace of parishes and states, is not of apostolical insti tutions, and was not made obligatory on our forefathers for the long period of one thousand two hundred and fifteen years after the binh of Christ. Why then, Ro man Catholic priests of Ireland, do you arrogate to yourselves as aii au thori ty to which none of the apostles laid even the most remote claim? Where let me ask yon is it said in Scripture," i John, i James, i Peter, or 1 Paul, absolve thee from all thy sins, (in the name of the Father, andol the Soir, and of the Holy Ghost ?" Oh ! my blood runs cold when i behold with the eye of imagination a mortal man-absolving from his crime the unnatural wretch who holds in -his -murderous band the knife yet hot and reeking. with the -blood of that pa.-ent who watched over his childhood, and whose blood stained bosom, now gashed and mangled, served so often as the pillow on which his infant head reclined! Let me ask you, Roman Catholics priests of Ireland, how can. you thus .dispense with, the ties of nature? Do you imagine that he who shed his blood for the re demption of mankind establishedya practice calculated to appease the retri l ting feelings of the unfortunate matricide and to release him from his crime ? Ah ! no, God alone, great in mercy, has reserved that power for himself. I call on you then respectfully, but empha tically,to reject ibis doctrine, and no longer to subject yourselves to the censure of millions, both in this country and in England," who regard you us the de ceivers of your follow-country-ineri, teaching them doc trines which you yourselves do not believe, lor the base purpose of advancing your own private interests. 1 beg leave now to call your attention to the doctrine of purgatory: and as i have treated this subject at some length in my third letter to the Roman Catholic inna- bitants of Kilmalchiider, it will be quite sufficient for me merely to. notice it here. There would be no use in furnishing yon with arguments as proofs of the non existence of sucb a place, as i know your views on the subject are as ideal as they are with regard to the .poetical story of the ierryman Charon, whose profession! labour consisted in ferrying the unsubstantial soul of the " faithful departed'' across the riTer Styx. One would imagine that the heathen poet had your doctrine of purgatory in view, when he placed the small piece of" coin" called" Oliulus," in the month of the spectral Stygian voyager. But were it permitted to hold intercourse with the shades of the dead, i could in. form him, that the stipend which you receive for ferry- ing e soul from purgatory to heaven, is more substantial, and far exceeds iu umouut " Charon's Obulus," and that it was a recreation to which you were greatly at tached. No doubt, when you read this last sentence jou will say I ought to be more serious — well then; I will, and let me ask you in the lahguage of sober serious ness, how long will you continue to deceive your poor fellow- countrymen ? Do you not know that it was not decreed by ihe church ol lionoe loilie year one thousand four hundred and thirty-eight ? Yes, you do that it was for the first lime decree! by the Council ol Florence, fhe last but one of the general councils, and that it was afterwards hastily coufirmed, during the last session ol Council of Trent," the last of the general Councils. — You also know that s'. Patrick has never made allusion to this imaginary, but lucrative place, though he ex pressly speaks of three piaces, which he calls heaven, earth, and hell, which -furnishes a strong negative prool of the nonexistence of such a place. With such facts before trie, am i not justified in ad dressing you on the present occasion ? Am i not justi fied in calling on you riot to deceive your confiding feilow- countrymen any longer, but to instruct them in that pure and unadulterated Christianity which was taught and -propounded by the Lord Jesus and his aposths. i hope the insignificance of the humble individual who has now the honor of addressing you will not prevent you from reading this letter ; recollect that God often selects the weak and infirm things of this world to confound the strong, and as my humble abilities are inadequate to the "task which I have imposed on myself, allow me to call your atteulion to the language of one (on the sub» ject of the Roman Catholic "religion in general) whose powers of mind are admitted by all who had the pleasure of reading his works. The facl of his spending some years in trie College of Mayno'olli, as a candidate for or ders in the church of Rome— though' he had never the misfortune of leading his fellow-cdiintrymeii in ihe paths of error— siamps this extract with additional weight:— Oh, Romanism 1 (he says) Romanism 1 the blood oi millions is upon you. You - have your popes, your, priests, your friars, your nuns, your monks, your hermits, your hair, your teeth,- your nails, your garments, your blessed button, your rotten bone, your bits of wood, your gold, your ivory, your pictures, your scapulars, your chords, your candles, your ashes, your salt, your water, jour charms, your exorcisms, yoHr wafers, your masses, your penance, your indulgences, your fasts, your feasts, your jubilees, your oil, your absolutions, your confessions, your floating funds of good works in this life, to be sold out to the credulous to relieve them from imaginary purgatories in the next — you have your vi sionary lies and your lying vi-ions and your dreams, aud your raptures, your miracles, your holy wells, your blessed graves— you have all these, but you have not Christ ; these from the great idol which you have set up in his stead— ihese are the " strong delusion," the ' lie'r which you are given to believe, and yet you call yourself the church of Chris ! You have first told man that he is a sinner, and you next teach him to lock to human intercession for salvation 1 Did Christ speak truth when he declared that there is no way unto the Father but by Him? that He is the Way, the Truth aud the Life? These words contain the awful sentence of your con demnation — in them you hear the eternal voice of God against you. You stand, therefore, between them and your people— you wrapt that guide from which you have departed in darkness lest it should testify against you — lest the people whom you have led astray should find their error and return to the truth— lest they should perceive that like the Pharisees, whilst you have pre tended to them to have the word of God as your stan- dard, you have made it of ' none effect by your tra-' ditious." But the day is coming — is already come- when the imposture ol the priest and the lie of the man shall both be tried and detected by the word of God, Yott admit, I am sure, every word of the above ex tract ; you must admit that every word 6f it is perfectly true ; but you may say that if you renounce the fatal errors of Romanism, you would become the victims of of immediate persecution ; you would, most assuredly ; but in this you would not be singular — our divine Re deemer suffered— the saints and martyrs of old suffered. You know very well that the Roman Catholic religion, with all its absurd doctrines and nonsensical religion, with all its absurd doctsines and nonsencical trumperies, could never be upheld by moral arms alone, No, it is essentially a religion of persecution; Does not history inform us, very reverend and reve rend brethren, that in the lllh century the pope and bishops (and I must here observe, that the Roman Ca tholic bishops of Ireland are the most irresponsible body of men in the world), caused those Christians, who pro claimed on the testimony of the Gospel, that salvation is of grace to be burned at Orleans ? Did not the pope and bishops also cause all who preached the same doctrine, in the twelfth ceatumto be committed to the flames ? Did not the pope and bishops also put thousands to death in the thirteenth centnry, in Italy, France and Spain, who, on the testimony of the word of God preached that salvation as gratuitons. Did not the pope and bishops also in the fourteenth century cause the Lollards and Wickliffities to be burned for maintaining upon testimony of the Holy Scriptures the' sole merits of Christ ? TO BE CONCLUDE!) iN CUR NEXT. 