SUBSCRIPTION TO THE ARTEC LE S: tn the London Times, a correspondence be tween a . clergy man and the bishop of Norwich is published. The' Rev; Charles Wodehouse writes:-— « I hereby beg to tender to your lordsliip the resigna tion of my benefice And canonry. It-is perhaps doubt ful whether the resignation of tlie latter should be ter,. dered to your ldrdship ; but the balance of ecclesiastical law appears to recommend it." . He directed to cettain parts of the ritual ia their literal acceptation : — " Namely, the damnatory clauses of tlie AtJfaaasian Creed, the form of absolution in the office for ' the Visi tation of the sick, and the following part of tlie forii of Ordaining Priests :— ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office an'd work of a priest in the church of God now commifted unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sms thou dost forgive , they are forgiven and whose sir.s thou dost re. tain, they me retained,' &c.;" .' And adds, " I am satisfied that the time is "arrived when further delay on my part is riot advisable, —when any sacrifice ought to' be submitted to rather Ah an to risk even 'tlie suspicion of countenancing dis'aonest practices with re spect to subscription; To this the bishop replies " I shall neither accept nor encourage your - resigna- tioa, — "Because, consideririg the number and nature of many ofthe-propositions included in our 39 articles, the Homilies; and Book «f .Commtiri Prayer, to which assent is given by subscrip.tion, it is impossible that any num ber of individual's should view such propositions in exactly the same light, and subscribe to them in pre cisely tlie same sense. Latitude in subscription is, there fore, absolutel y unavoidable. " Sueli laf'.tade has been repeatedly recognized and defended bTy the highest authorities iri our church, from the time nf the Reformation to the present moment, when it "is claimed and exercised iri its fullest extent by mar.y who hold and proclaim opinions much further removed, from the spirit of our Protestant church than are.'any objections of yours as well as by many who have taken the same view as yourself of ihe points to w nigh your scruples refer. There would, therefore, be "a manifest injustice in allowing you to resign a situa tion which you have filled long and usefully, while others, who on the same grounds would be equally called on to resign theirs, continue to retain them. " The interpretation you entertain of the points in question has been so far acknowledged and established by general consent, that a latitude to the extent may be fairly and properly exercised by any who dre called upon to subscribe to the 39 articles and Book of Com mon Prayer, although there may be others who are anxious to carry out to their full extent those remnants of Roman Catholic- worship and priestly power which under peculiar circumstances of the times when our church was gradually severing itself from that of Rome, were still retained in our reformed ritual. "Whilst, in the excercise of that discretion intrusted to!,every bishop, which in the present state of the church cannot be shared with any other adviser or authority, I come to the above conclusions, I at the same time feel strongly with you how far more satisfactory it would be if steps could be. taken to remove difficulties and re medy evils of which many, and I have reason to believe an increasing number, of our clergy justly complain. For it is impossible to shut our eyes to the obvious truth, that " a clearer explanation is required ol some words and phrases that are rather of douutful signilica tion, or otherwise liable to misconstruction, in days like the present, when our church is so fearfully divided against itself arid suffering from dissensions and inter nal schisms far more dangerous and perplexing than those with which she is Assailed by adversaries without . her pale;" 