(iFrom the Tabtet.) Priests, Women, and Families. -By , j.Miehelet. -Translated from the French, by C. Cocks, &c.;, &c.; London; Llongman, Blrown,:, and Co., 1845. One might as well .touch.pitch.nor fear to.be de filed as to peruse this pmass ofl moralslime and hope to escape contamination. M. Michelet's reader must rise from his work a worse man, or one more un happy than when he sat down. There is rottenness in every page, and every line reeks with the dun smoke of hell,; is it possible that to the corrupted mind, from wh'ich this foul effutsion has exuded, and to such inds as could find fitting asseciation withi it; are committed the impressible hearts of the young men 'of France ?' Are the priests, the magistrates, the ' taticisen, the warriors, the landed proprietors, aid the citizens of the next generation to be edu cated by such men as M. "Michelet. 'Unhappy 'ranice In the absenice of miraculous interposi iiop which you wouldrathe+r scornfuliy reject than trustfully invoke, another, awful visitation, another judgment is imminent, inevitably hanging over We have seen 'the-Ciurch in France, prelates, priests, peers- and commoners, the Catholic fathers of Catholic famiilies, even; in the lower ranks, rise as onean to str gle for religious liberty, and for the emancipation of education from the tram inels of this.university system, which State craft supports., and Infidelity administers. We have heard. the united voices of this Christian chorus denounce the system as a godless scheme, as a forbidding of the hopes 'of heaven, and as a denial. of the rights of citizens ;but the impression made+ 'upon our hearts was as nothing in comparison w'ith the demonstration which M. Michelet has thought fit to` give us in this his" new Gospel, his creed of negations, his litanies of caluiany, his canticles f. profanation, the pensées du Demon, 'which he` calls prayers. M. Michelet is a man of erudition, a historian of profound though, as it would be easier to demonstrate, not very , ac curate research ;-a writer~of a ,very captivating style ;-a man to whomin t.ellterature of France owes very :;much iti?'t is vaiable ' . citizen, \- of whom Eranco .is certainly pro and hin various aspects of his character, shie ls' reason to ,be so. M.T Michelet has thought mudch, and we may now say has iatten ]nore { and even his writings eor the press are qf a lesp captivating character than .his lectures from the professot's chalur He has been adistinguished for his careful study and justappre ciation of the.institutes of the middle ages, and he has written manfully~on many.points of controversy in defence- of those' instituitions, when attacked by jersorpsless intinimately acquainted with their intrin sie excellence than himself. : For instance, on the subject of clerical celibacy, the professor- thus ex pressed himself only a few years ago, in his' His tory of France" :--= ; " Certes, it is not I who shall -say one word against marriage; that life also 'has its holiness. Nevertheless, would not the virgininal espousals of tii. Priest to the Church. be in some slight degree disturbed by a less pure alliance ? Will he be equally .a father to the people whom he has adopted accord ,to the Spirit. when nature shall have given him ci ldren after the flesh ? Will the mystical pater nity' mintain' itself against the other ? The priest may. be able t deprive himself of needful things in order to give to the poor, but he will not strip his children to cover the' nakedness of the stranger ! .And should he even resist the prompting of paternal ,feelinig,- should the priest even overcome the father, 'if he should perform 'all the duties of his sacred .office, all its outward works, I should still, fear that ,he wiuld notpreserve its spirit. No; in the holiest marriage, in the wife and family there exists some 'thing of a softening and enervating influence which breaks the iron and will bend the steel. The firmest heart loses in these circumstances something of its .firmness. He was more than aman, he is now but .a an. Ie will say, as Jesus said when the woman touched his robe; ; feel that a virtue has gone out of me".' We translate-the passage literally, exactly .as M. Michelet writes it.] 'And.then th!is+poetry of solitude,thesesnasCuline ;pleasures of abstinence, this plenitude of charity and of life in hich the soul embraces God and the world, (do pot believe that .these will subsist 'entire in the .conjugal bed. lNo doubt.that we experience there { also apious 'emotion when we rise and see on one. s.ide thelietiecradle of our children, and on thepillow .beside us the dear and respected head of .their sleeping mother; .but what havo become of the solitary niedi tations. the mysterious iisions; the sublimd tempests ia'whichl God qand mam 'contended within us P le lio hars ii?ver' watched in tears, whos ha, neuver anoistene~ -lhs, bed.wlth :tears, knows .you not, ye powera. f! 'eaven, (Gopthae Wilhelm Meister.) It woIld-be allover with Christianityif the Church, sof?tn?.. down and. roseFed In'marriage, should. .becomematerislised into a feudal heredltary succes sion. The salt of the earth would evaporate and al nwqild.be staid. From that time forth no more in ternal :force, nio 'more wing foir heaven.' Such a church would never have ais~ p the vau~i~ t' o'f the chiiro1t1belogne,' ibr'tlhe'ipire .at Strasbpurg, never coulg d she have, brought. fotith tlhe :soltlf'of io ,iat iBernard nor the iqnqtr~tng genius of a Saint Thomas."' WVe have taken the above extract,fromthe Revue des Deux Mondes ;,. but a the Revue is full of res pect f?r M. Michelet, an makl s ti its task .to.defend tih'phllipphlera, even against the C.hurcl h when it beiu q toary 19 cheese a side,, we lta4vI not tie, least: apprehtnsions of ~the, passage being otherwise I tlian'faithfully extrdcteds although not having M. Michelit's "'History of France" at hand, we are uantbleto'\cqlle''ate it ... Such was the opinion of dM. Michelet-who can doubttheforce of'tohereasoning, if he fail-to ad mirp the fitness of the. latguage Pi Su'ich was the opinioni of M. ljehegt;.; lriti.ug qoolly and hlsto rically, .ith. alltl4o e.vyl4ncg befre him, and Inbour i1n ii , 8 p ~k, w.ich .wa. s iofor.m 9ne of the columos of his, iterary fame., Did M.. 4ichele± beiuIe himiiself D ' t 'at* nesaegg'wh'ich carrie' con9irl( tote nilsul o imlbffer reeadpr,, tallo t itCpress its ruth upon.the Writer P. Did LM. in a wor. sqs ,ria, Sas th hlistory of' h!i;own count try, aind on a point sq;gayeae,.thp celibacy of tUhe clergyP If not,,l huw) 'happntn ,it, that this same M. ,'ichelet shjpiuld now palliish a work+ having. for .t.p'sqldc: obp:o o to .promote the, marriaga of; lirlestsP, If.'he believe his former self the very object :hlio avows i. to delitroy the Chuhclu:;- tO abs?.r li10 st' oa ih:s erit,h arnd to, dvirthrow, Chrstanity ;' fdor suchli, as heo has thus. solemnly placed ,upon redobrd; wouldbe. in his judgment the inevitable+ copsequence of :the double : nir ringe of. the eler',y; tleJi ' marrlage toi f tl spirituil, and' thel nia~rilagell hi 'the coerporail spouse. . This, M,.. Michclct declps,! is his friendly p.-upripostoweardsI the prest; ie feels for hlisu 'desolation; .he, siym pathbses;with the temptations to whlch.his solitude exposes him;' and it isis s earnest desire to snatch from him the-poetry of solitude, and prosify hlim witli a wife to deprive himii of the mysterious visions and heroic combats he has so. eloquently described, and reduceliim to meditation " sur le petit berceau do ses enfains," and " lachere et respectable tete de leur mere endormie ;" and all this because of hiscon victionthat to marry the clergy would be to.destroy the Church. This be It observed is the best face .that M. Ml chelet himself puts on the matter. " I have never been insensible," he says," either to tile humiliation of the Church, or to the sulferings of the priest. I have them all present both before my imagination and in my heart. I have followed this unfortunate man in the career of privations and in the miserablelifeinto which he is dragged by the hand of hypocritical authority. And in his loneliness on his cold and melancholy hearth, where le some times weeps at night, let him remember that a man has often wept with him, and that I am that man." Was there ever sulch' black and white as this P "'Cehiui'qui n'a jamals" veill6 'dans leo pleurs," has no acquaintance with the host of heav~en. So says "M.; Michelet in the " History of France," and yet so afflicting is the spectacle of this very.'man weeping at night that the sympathetic M. Michelet is const?ained to weep with him. " I am that man," says M. Michelet, ini " Priests, Women and Families' . . This hypocritical pretence of sympathy with the clergy is; however, the least shocking portion of.this abominbile book. M. Michelet had a.mother; lhe lost her 'some thirty years ago, but so deep is Ihis reverence for her memory, so~grateful is he to her for having im pressed ipon his " features and gesture" her own distinguished traits, and on his " ideas and his words" ,her " strong and:.serious mind," that, for her sake, he swears eternal homage to her whole sex. We gather, too, that M. Michelet has a wife Who is a religious woman, and is notreadily brought to converse with him upon sacred subjects, knowing his very hostile turn of mind. This lady is, how ever, only shadowed forth to us in the abstract; she may not, perhaps, exist in substance. • Nay, M. Michelet is happier'still, for, either in the body or in the spirit-it is not clearly stated which-he has' also a well educated daughter, who shares her me ther's repugnance to the free thinking of her father, and to that specioius of home lecture on irieliglous matters, which the Professor has, perhaps, found a little too strong for' the college, and is .oubly dis appointed at being prevented from patting forth amid the sympathetic devotion of the ." foyer do mestique.'. For all these reasons he is the champion of women; and, indeed, his chivalry is well timed, for, if we believe M. Michelet, there is ;ot one virituous woman in France.! If there be such a rara avis, she can exist only in that class that totally excludes religion. If she be young and un married, she is infallibly in love with her director. Carnally in love with her spiritual father ! This is what Touchstone would, and what Mi. Michelet does, define as iamour avant al'mour; if she be married, she intrigues with her Director, and prefers him to her husband. This is sl'amour .e ('amour; if she be aged, she counrts her Director, and feels towards him what M. Michelt calls l'anour pres l'aour. How is the Director to resist all this love, of grand mother, mama, and miss:; of course lie yields to it on all sides. ."' The Confessor of a young woman," says M. Michelet, ".may be boldly defined as the envious rival of. her husband and his secret enemy. If there should l? an exception to this (and I am willing to believe it,) he is a hero, a saint, a.martyr, or something more than man." The picture whlich M. Aliclelet paints of the do mestic unhalpinels of the French, is unfortunately true in its detailsi.'It is a state of anarchy. ' The bearded part of the population, as our correspondent at Sens writes in this day's .Tablet, appear to have laid aside religion. Politics, pleasure, ?itisiniess, and himself occupy, with the generality of ?oie?:lmen, every hour of the day ;, that whichl is due to home is borrolye : that which is due.to God is stolen; and all devoted to the world and the world's interest. Living without God himself, and getting on a ?ner veille, in his own conceit, without either church or priests, Vigil or holiday, fast, or feast, penance or 'ommunion, lie cannot understand why his wife should continue to cling to'such obsolete'practices. at is impossible that she cani be in earnest., fool.as she is she is not so deep in. folly as to believe in a creator; .to pray, to listen, to sigh, and suffer her self to be reproved and directed, in .the silly notion that she has a soul, and that her hopes are for an eternity of bliss in exchange for i wvorld of sufferi.. ing apdtrial; in reward of the virtues of-faith, hope, charity, patience, and' 'obedience.' Oh, no I she acts .a part for 'a spleciabpurpose. These oh-' servances look well in the eyes of that portion of the world that still grovels' on under the weight of antique and exploded prejudice; or she is the victim of Jesultical art; or that dirk inysteriouspersonage who shakes.handaso.coldly.'with the infidel husband and greets with sa much earnostness.the Christian wife and mother, must:be ~ his successful rival and secret enemy. 'All is now, explained,'and there he sits in that chair,:absent 'in 'bbdy, bUit present in spirit; there he sits, by' his seciet'inthieice throw ing a gloom over the family circle. - There is' Banquo's ghost shaking. his gory locks, dis lacing the mirth, breaking the good cheer, and, marring the pleasure of the time with most admired disorder." Such is the vision of the wife's Director, thi" takes. possession of the minds of men. like Michcldt, The unbelieving son, husband, and fa. ther, finds himself divorced from the sentiment of the circle, which ;is composed of his 'mother, wife, and daughter He does very well while' the daughter is a baby, and the wife a belle; but .as he.grows older he becomes serious.; he feels the awkwardness of the position in which, he has placed himself; but he never dreams that the evil is in his:own breast; that the remedy :is in.is s own.hand that he has only to dive into his heart, to meditate ii his, cham. ber,: and be still,,to look more closely at ;the vision which his disordered imagination has conjured up; to exclaim, there is no such thing"' to avert the appearance by seeking the reality;,to humble himself before God, to submit himself to"the direction he repudiates for others, and. then the ghost is laid, the demon banished, he is. at ease with himself, and. happy with his family, and the prospect of a blessed eternity gives' to the evenings of his days a trai-' qillity which nelther noon nor morning knew. But M. Michelet is, at all Frenchmen are, perfect. It is God who must conform to them ; not they to him. If there be no French paradise, Heaven is not worth sighing for. "France", say.s M.. Michelet, is Christendom. "For two centuries past, we may say,'morally "spelaking, that Frlihnce is tlie Pope."- --Translaton,. P. 22G.'; 'rhew athorit'f, here iinder o?o: form or '" another', continues he; 'it is here by Louis XI.,? by Montesquieu, Voltaire, and Rousseau, by the constituate, the Code, and Napoleon. Europe hus al?jrnys its 'centre, eiiery.or ther, eat ion , on. the.oei,,, a ,e.". It is from France, therefore, that Europe is to receive that equivalent for Christianity which, the philosophy of the '19th century, is preparing for the world. The priests are bad, to a man. St. Francis do Sales "organised a war of seduction against Geneva, by:France and Savoy. Money and intrigue did not suffice; it was necessary to thin and liquify the inattackable iceberg of logic and criti cism. Convents for females were founded to attract and to receive the newly converted, and to offer them a powerful bait, composed of love and mysticism." :We will not insult the taste and sense of the reader by more than a bare allusion to the infamous calumnies, in which this man deals even when the most holy personages and the most sacred things are rhis,subject. Of the sainted love of Madame Chantel, he speaks in the foulest language of earthly passion : even these pure and beautiful words, addressed by St. Francis to the Baronne on the very day he lost his mother, are polluted as they drop from the pen of this Pandaras. " To you, I speak," writes St. Francis, ' to you, I say, to whom I have 'allotted my mother's place in my memorial of. the Mass, without depriving you of the one youtliad, for I have not been able to'do it, so fair do yot retain what you have in my heart; and so it is you ,nossess it first and last." Let ainy Catholic ponder over these words of purity, and imagine what M. Michelet must be who remarks on them. " How burning must they have entered her heart, already lacerated with passion !" \- Equally atrocious are his remarks on Madame Guyon and Father Lacome,.her 'Director; of Marie Alacocque and La Colonbiere; of Fenclon and Madame de Ia Maisonfort; and even of Bossuet and Sister Cornuau. We shall not revolt our readers with any extracts in prdbf of these assertions,.we shall not'extend the influence of M. Michelet's .mis chief which is unhappily spread over France by three distinct impressions ; "distributing," as its translator boasts, "its 50,000 copies into every corner of the kiigdom." We are not at all de sirous of proving M. Michelet's words, that " this translation will not be without interest in London at a moment where Jesuitism is working England so foolisly. 'Nothing more strange than their chimerical hopes of her approaching conversion, &c.; Suffice it to say, that in the convents and nunneries as in the palaces and cottages, of La Belle France, all: the women are most wickedly inclined, all the nuns are tyrants, and they are all victims; every nun is innocent, handsome, and happy, when she is locked up, and she is most cruelly tortured by the jealousy,the malice,and the bigotry of all the others ; somnetimes she is driven mad, and her appalling yells are heard in the street; sometimes broken down to a drudgery beyond; her strenigth, imprisoned in pace;'&c;, until some heroic young lawyer, or some chivalrous old magistrate, dares to encounter even these formidable nuns, and to redeem their victim from 'their clutches. Now, as all are victims, we wonder where are the tyrants; and, as all are ty rants; it is difficult to imagine who are the victims; and as the things of the world are done in the con ventual retreat, how is it that she who loves the world is persecuted i how is it that a place of un bounded license is also a place of intense discipline ? Caprice, jealousy, offence, might account for a case here and there, and now and then; but as. every nun who enters a convent is cruelly entreated, and as they are nuns who thus cruelly entreat their novices, it is really very difficult to reconcile so many contradictions. Then, again, in most of the convents of France there are placed generally a number of young ladies who are afterwards the leaders of fashion, the women of the world, mothers of families; the women of France, in whom three fourths of the religion and piety of France are vestedil. 'It would be impossible altogether to con ceal from these young ladies during the years which they pass in -these convents, the real practices on which M. Michelet dwells, the cruelties and tyran nies, the sufferings and revenge, which are 'there said to be inflicted. These young ladies, if disap pointed with the world, and disgusted with its trou bles, go to seek refuge and find a calm retreat perhaps in the very convent in which their early days wore passed. Their daughters are sent thither as pupils, perhaps as candidates for the Sisterhood, all the world knows, and yet this professor of his tory, this profound expositor of the past and gifted anticipator of the future can thus belie the present, and boasts that he does so in the interests of liuma nity. We warn car countrymen, and especially our countrywomen, against this book, which, to speak Mr. Michelet's meaning in it, 'should have been entitled, "De ma Femme, du Pretre, et de sa Fa mille." It is impossible otherwise to convey an idea of the gross scandal of its contents. To purify the family fireside, the Director must be banished, but in exchange lie may have a fireside of his own. Bnut he must not preach, he must not ascend the altar of his God until he becomes old (" for the word signifies old man"), and he must not confess any one until he becomes a widower. (WVidowers are noted for their chastity and power of resisting temptation, so are widows.) The best school for a youth is the army; the man should join in public life, and enjoy domestic happiness. Then, having travelled, having bled, having killed his mate, Ihaving loved, and survived the object of his love, he may beglin to study for his priest orders. Such is M. Michehlet's mearing, if his words have. any meaniiig, But the better and the shorter way is.to dispense with the priests, whom hM. Michelet de scribes, even tohis class, as , our adversaries"; to pull down the Church, abolish Christianity, and substitute--what ? Philosophy- the religion .of Voltaire ! Such is the avowed object of a man, the' model of the men to whom is entrusted the education of the youth of France! 