FROM OUR SYDNEY CORRESPONDENT Utter stagnation in everything that can interest, or excite. A tlcsjicratc attempt has been made to get up a controversy on the proposed endowment of the Syd- ney Synagogue, but independently of being rather late in the day to enter the |>oIcmic arena in reference to this topic, the arguments employed arc the mere dissatisfied ghosts of everything that has Ltcu previously said and re-said, usyue ad nauseam. Besides, supposing any new data xx-ere advanced in this corres pondence (vide Sydney Herald, 2Gth and '27th instant) it smells of the shop too strongly to carry any weight. The epi gram of one of tho xvranglers 44 .Vinimui inter Chiftiinot, AWriiM, r Logics." is pre-eminently applicable to both. As may readily be supposed, the change of Governors is the staple sub ject of discussion, and, next to that, the legal changes that are to take place at the close of the year. With rc3pect to the first, all that can be said is, that xvc arc to lose a elex'er man, whose acts xvill be better appreciated hereafter than they noxv are, although xvith the excep tion of a very small figment, the colo nists estimate Sir George's measures correctly, and (the novelty of a Gover nor apart) regret his departure — while wc know nothing of what xvc are to get in exchange. As regards the changes in the judicial departments the case is otherwise. We knoxv all the patties concerned. For myself, I shall be happy to see Mr. Thcrry again amongst us, and save with one or twoof the" envious and uncharitable," 1 know this is the popu lar feeling. He is kind hearted, amen able, and of superior literary qualifica tions. As to his legal capabilities, I can only 6ay that he appears to me to know as much as any body else cither at the bar, or on the bench here, and that xvhen he identifies himself xvith a case, he is much more eloquent than any of them. As Attorney-General, lie xvill have a more defined position in the Legislative Council, and I expect the opposition will find him a rather more formidable opponent than Mr. Plunkett has been. I anticipate hearing some good speeches, duly seasoned with well- pointed satire and effectively delivered by Mr. Therry in his Legislative capa city. I have no very great expectations of Mr. Plunkett as a judge, although I believe him to be a strictly conscientious, and independent man ; at all events, he will be better than Mr. A'Beckctt, who is too vacillating, and too easily in fluenced. But he is physically infirm, and if the snens sar.a in corpxfrc sano be a sound doctrine, 1 think it must be allowed that the judgmenl-sckt is not the place, j/ar excellence) jxTiich this gentleman is qualified to occupy. How ever, being left to himself in his judicial capacity at Melbourne, lie may do better there than here. AH the recent acces sions to the junior bat here are very so- so. But what xvith the abolition of imprisonment for debt, that beautiful safety valve, the Insolvent Court, and the extended jurisdiction of the Court of Requests, the finest legal Jisherits have been effectively drained. News from New Zealand to the 1-lth in stant, reports that trade is reviving. The military arc encamped at the Bav of Islands, but things remain in statu quo. By the bye, a case occurred here the other day which flatly gainsays the re ported dearth of cash at New Zealand. A man lately arrived from that settle ment, and who had taken up his quar ters at Mr. Toogood's, in Pitt-street, charged another man who had also come up xvith him, with having robbed him of £1 10 in silver, while the man so charged produced cash of his own to nearly that | amount, (and which it was known be- 1 longed to him)to show " that he had no i occasion to take his jtaltry hundred jmunds !" It seems also that the robber, had another bag of cash which escaped the notice of the appropriator whomsoever lie might be. This doas not look like such terrible destitution— but these representations are like most others made in this way. His satanic Majesty is seldom so sable as limners have depicted him. 1 knoxv a few san guine individuals who are going to try their foitunes in New Zealand, in con sequence of this casli affair. The Government keep up their monthly land sales, and good prices con tinue to be obtained. Town allotments are those most eagerly sought after, but I apprehend a good' trade xvill yet be ! driven in land-jobbing. I knoxv of one I or txvo symptoms that have lately ap peared. Tiie " good times" are uti- ! questionably returning, but I fear that the lesson taught us by our late ad versity will soon be forgotten — it is ever so. The hcec olim mcminissr juvabit is not at all brought into operation. This suggestion arose in my mind by a casual attendance at a sale this week, held at the Royal Hotel, of " elegant and useful articles." from the show room of Messrs. Levick and Younger. I saw the same disposition for articles of luxury, as in times of yore, the same extravagant prices paid, and the same reckless competition for these tasteful and ornamental articles. There is a great cry in the pastoral districts for labour — wages arc on the rise, £l.ri only have been given until lately, but shepherds are firm (in com mercial phraseology) in their demands for £20 — and in some eases of artistes iu the profession for £25. Several of the gentlemen sheep-holders have been obiiged to take to the crook themselves, and to take a practical part in the hus bandry, tind general business of their j establishments. The xvool sent home ; this year will be abundant and good. 1 The sales hi Syduey go on briskly", and ' first-rote prices are obtained : indeed stock of every description tire increasing in value. There has happened a melancholy event iu the neighbourhood of Moreton Bay. The crexv of a small cutter, the Master and eight men, have been mas sacred by the blacks, who pretend that the poor fellows xverc drowned, and that the cutter was driven ashore. This statement, however, is negatived by the fact that the, wife of the Master is alive, and kept among the blacks, and sub jected to the same brutal treatment, even to the stripping her of her clothes, as the black gins. One of our poetic gents., Mr. S. P. Hill, lias chronicled, iu a sort of dirge, the mournful fate of the Cataraqui, and her living cargo, "flic lines are by no means of an inferior character — there is much poetic feeling in them, and, in parts, il is very prettily expressed. It is altogether superior to most pro ductions of the kind. 