Domestic Intelligence. Commercial. — We give to-day the con- clusion of Mr. Westgarth's interesting and elaborate commercial and statistical report, which has occupied a considerable space in our columns for several publica- tions. The report will be published se- parately in pamphlet form, and will form a highly useful and valuable present for transmission home. Coroner's Inquest. — On Saturday last a Coroner's Inquest was held at the Tra- veller's Rest, Collingwood, on the body of the man Slattery, who was drowned in the Merri Creek during the late flood. The jury returned a verdict of "acci- dentally drowned." The Melbourne Press.—The Daily Patriot gives up the ghost at the expiry of the present quarter, and is to be succeeded by a twice or thrice a week publication of the same name, and under the same management. The Standard, it is said, is also on the backward move. Hong Kong. — The Gazette of Saturday says :—"We understand that Mr. Arden, formerly editor of the Port Phillip Ga- zette, has been appointed by Lord Stan- ley as Colonial Secretary of Hong Kong." The announcement is perfectly true, and it is equally a matter of fact that his Lordship has appointed the, present editor of the same journal Governor of that highly favoured colony, and Messrs. Daniel Wellesley O'Donovan and Joseph William Hooson, as, conjointly with the Colonial Sepretary, the constituent mem- bers of His Excellency's Executive Coun- cil. Mr. William Cooper "the literary blacksmith," was, we understand, offered the Colonial Treasurership at Hong Kong, but he indignantly refused, on ac- count of the association. The Savings' Bank. — How does the Gazette contrive to arrive at the conclu- sion that the member for Melbourne is unacquainted with the fact of there being a separate Savings' Bank for Port Phil- lip, from the mere fact of his moving that the Savings' Bank of New South Wales should be empowered to lend money to the Corporation of Melbourne, as well as to the Corporation of Sydney ? If our contemporary's brains have not com- pletely gone a wool-gathering, he must see that Mr. Robinson is doing the town a great service in opening two shops to the Corporation instead of one. The Sydney Savings' Bank is willing to lend, money to the Corporation at six per cent. ; the Port Phillip Savings' Bank folks talk of eight ; consequently, opening the doors of both banks will effect a consider- able saving. Our contemporary. We ob- serve, talks of the motion for including the Savings' Bank of Port Phillip and the Corporation of Melbourne in the Bill now before the Legislative Council, as being the consequence of some sugges- tion thrown out by him some days since. We can inform him for his comfort that the member who has given notice of that motion (Alderman Kerr) made applica- tion to the same effect so long ago as the month of April last, and was answered there would be no objection if it was wished. Licenses.— The licensing magistrates assembled on Saturday granted a night license to Mr. Joseph Broadstock, British Hotel, Queen-street. The Magistracy. — As we all along predicted our amiable friend the musical genius, has managed to wriggle himself into the Town Commission of the Peace, and his Honor the Superintendent has attained the lofty object for which he in- sulted every burgess and inhabitant of the Town, by having it declared law that the Burgess Roll of Melbourne did not com- prehend a sufficient number of gentlemen fit for the Magistracy. We congratulate the high-minded pair on their success ; of a surety they have gained a triumph on which they ought to congratulate, them selves. We are not, however, yet done with our musical friend, for, as he well knows, we love to give him now and then a bone to gnaw at, and we have had a rod in pickle for him for some time back which we think now is the time to scourge him with. Nobody knows better than the venerable gentleman himself, that none but the magistrates of the Town, can act as magistrates within the hounds of in- corporation, except in the disposal of dis- trict cases, for he has had once already to trot out of the Town Commission and will have to do it a second time unless we are very much mistaken. Now Mr. James Smith's tenure of Town magisterial au- thority is not much more than ten days old, and yet for the sake of forty pounds per annum, he has been officiating for seven or eight months back as Visiting Magistrate at the Town Jail, and is, there- fore, how in the power of any body, that wishes to make, him play a spring or two to that tune for the penalty of £100 for every time he appeared at the jail in that capacity. As half the money goes to the informer we have a strong inclination to set the hall a-going ourselves, particularly as a few half- hundreds just at present would be very acceptable, and, moreover, would have a great effect in quieting the fears on our behalf of our good friend and neighbour "Johnny, the generous," New Firm. — The premises formerly formerly occupied as the Gazette, and latterly as the Standard newspaper office, have been taken by a new mercantile firm, Messrs. Ralston and Kelsh, the former a gentleman recently arrived from Sydney, the latter the former Postmaster of Melbourne, an old colonist, and a gentleman favourably known to almost everybody in the province. Messrs. Ralston and Kelsh commence business as wine and spirit merchants and general shipping and commission agents, and we are happy to learn with every prospect of success. Portland. — The Portland Gazette states that the Governor of South Austra- lia, Captain Grey, is expected to visit Portland in the course of a few days, his Excellency having intimated his intention of visiting Rivoli Bay immediately, on the close of the late session of the Legis- lative Council, whence he was to come on to Portland. The Old Theatre.— Mr. Davies' appli- cation for a license for the old Theatre, Bourke-street, was negatived by the ma- gistrates in petty sessions on Saturday. The Bridge. — The wooden bridge across the Yarra Yarra, which is now be- ing constructed for the Bridge Company, is rapidly approaching completion, and will be open for traffic in the course of three weeks or a month from this date. The Daguerreotype. — Mr. Goodman is regularly "astonishing the natives" with his wonder-working Daguerreotype which is multiplying the impressions of "the human face divine," with an almost rail-way speed. Already the great part of what is styled "the rank, beauty, and fashion" of the Town have submitted their most sweet countenances to the magic glance of the enchanter, and in every case with a most truth-telling, though sometimes not a very flattering result. We strongly recommend to our bush friends to visit the artist's studio, we as- sure them they will meet with a surprise they are not prepared for. 