CORONERS' INQUESTS. An inquest was held on Saturday last, before J. S. Parker, Esq., coroner, at the house of Mr. C. Cathrow, Danmore, Paterson River, on the body of Ann Elizabeth Crewe, an infant aged four months. It appeared, from the evidence of Mrs. Elizabeth Crewe, of East Maitland, the mother of the child, that when she awoke that morning, she found the child lying dead in her arms, although it was quite well on going to bed the night before. She immediately obtained the assistance of her mother, who administered a warm bath, but without, effect. The child had been healthy from its birth. From the evidence of Dr. Street, who had made a post mortem examination of the body, it appeared that inflammation of the lungs was the immediate cause of death, and that the deceased had also been labouring under mesenteric inflammation, from which children often die suddenly. The jury returned a verdict of "Died-by the visi- tation of God." Another inquest was held on Sunday last, before J. S. Parker, Esq., coroner, at the house of Mr. J. Rogers, Paterson township, touching the death of a ticket-of-leave holder named John Blabin, aged 45 years, who was killed by the wheel of a dray passing over his head. It appeared from the evidence, that on Friday last the deceased drove a dray into the township, in company with James Avery, Samuel Barker, and Martha Holden, to dispose of some tobacco, &c;, and on the Saturday were proceeding home again in the same dray, when they stopped at several public-houses, and that the deceased was rather intoxicated, but not so as to be unable to manage his dray. They had occasion also to stop at a store, and Barker not returning to the dray as promptly as the others, the deceased, in a passion, jumped up on the pole of the dray, declaring with an oath that he would wait for nobody, began to drive, and immediately fell off, when the wheel passed over his head, and killed him on the spot. A shoemaker, named Davis, who was passing at the time, saw him fall, and cried out " He is a dead man." Those in the dray did not see the accident happen, being engaged in picking up some sugar which had been spilt. A surgeon was immediately sent for, but his services were unavailing. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased was killed by falling off a dray, the wheel of which passed over his head. A third inquest was held on Monday last, at the house of William Cavenagh, on Mr. Blain's farm, near Hinton, on the body of James Cave- nagh, aged two years. It appeared from the evidence of Mrs. Cavenagh, the mother of the child, that on Saturday forenoon she left it at home while she went to the creek for some water. She had often done so before. Before she had been away no more than six minutes she heard screams from her house, and rushing in, found her child in flames. After extin- guishing them, she sent for her husband, who was at work at the time, ploughing for Mr. Blain, and took the child to Mr. Blain's house, where she applied oil to it. She did not send for a doctor, not thinking the child seriously hurt. It died, however, between nine and ten o'clock on the following night. From the evidence of Dr. Street, who had examined the body, it appeared that the injuries sustained by the child were so extensive as to preclude all hope of recovery, the abdomen, back, right leg, side, and arm, being also severely scorched. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased came by his death from his clothes accidentally taking fire, and exonerated the mother from blame. New Magistrates.- His Excellenry the Governor has appointed Frederick Bedwell, Esq., of Paterson, and Andrew Lang, Esq., of Maitland, to be magistrates of the territory and its dependencies. Exports from the District during the Week.-The following is a summary, compiled from the Shipping Gazette, of the principal produce received in Sydney from the Hunter River district, from the 2lst to the 27th June: Wheat-Bushels 1,550 Tobacco Stems Bags .. 43 Bales.. 29 Maize- Bushels 900 Kegs .. 2 Tons .. 28 Wool-Bales ... 16 Grain (not named) Tallow-Casks.. 76 Bushels 600 Biides-. 292 Flour-Tons.... b\ Shins-Bales 4 Cwts.... 30 Bundles. 44 Bran-Bush.... 50 Coals-Tons.... 508 Hay-Trusses .. 214 Oranges-Kegs. 14 Tallow.-The following is a return of the sheep and cattle melted at the Windermere Tallow Establishment, and the quantity of tallow they produced, from January 1, to June 30, 1845, viz. :-Cattle, 2328; sheep, 14,946; tallow, 238 tons 13cwt. 2qr. 9lb- As we are desirous of publishing a complete return of the tallow made in the district during the six months ending the 30th June last, we should feel obliged to the proprietors of the various boiling establishments if they would supply us, as early as convenient, with a return of the number of sheep and cattle slaughtered, and the quantity of tallow produced, at their respective establish- ments during that period. Wanton Outrage.- On Thursday night, or early on Friday morning last, the lamps in front of the houses of most of the publicans in West Maitland were broken by some evil-disposed persons. They appear, by what little the watch- men were found to know of the matter on Friday morning, to have commenced at the west end of the town, and taken all the public houses in rotation on their way eastwards, beginning at Mr. Reeves's, Albion Inn, the glass of whose lamp they were contented with smash- ing ; but their zeal increasing as they proceeded, they took down the lamp bodily from Mr. Cummins's, the Sportman's Arms, and broke it to pieces. Mr. Taylor's, the Angel Inn, was the next in order, where they varied their amusements by taking down his swinging sign- board. They borrowed his ladder for the purpose, and took it with them to achieve other exploits of a similar nature, proceeding for that purpose to Mr. Tinson's,the Buck's Head, where, however, they were luckily heard from within before they commenced operations, and the door being opened suddenly, they made their escape. They appeared then to be three or four in number, but the night was so dark that they could not be distinctly seen, and Mr. Tinson, not suspecting what they were about, took no further notice. The lamps of Mr. Cohen, of the Settlers' Arms, Mr. Nicholson, of the Mait- land Inn, and Mr. Brackenreg, of the Australian Inn, successively shared the same fate. Some dissatisfaction is felt that all this was done without the knowledge of the two private watch- men specially employed to see to the safety of the part of the town where the michief was done, although there is reason to think they were at their post. From the description given by the watchmen of some suspicious characters seen by them during the night, the police in the course of Friday succeeded in tracing out one man, who was apprehended on suspicion by Constable Kerr. A reward of £2 has been offered by Mr. Cummins for the detection of the persons who broke his lamp ; and it is to be hoped that the police will be successful in tracing out the parties who were guilty of such a wanton, senseless destruction of property, and that if detected, they will receive the severest punishment the law permits of. We have rarely heard of such a series of gross outrages. Sporting.- On Monday last a spirited race took place on the Maitland course, between Mr. Reeves's Harry and Mr. Whitfield's Sweep, mile-and-half heats, for £2 a-side. The first was a dead heat, and the two next were won by Sweep, after very severe racing ; but so confident is Mr. Reeves of the abilities of his horse, that he has challenged Sweep to a repetition of the same race : it is to come off on Monday next, at two o'clock.- A meeting of gentlemen inter- ested in the ensuing Maitland races is to take place at Mr. Reeves's, Albion Inn, on Tuesday evening next, to complete the arrangements for conducting the sports on that occasion. Warning to Publicans.- Mr. W. Whitton, publican, of Morpeth, was summoned before the bench yesterday, at the instance of district constable Crawford, for keeping open house between the hours of one and two in the morning. Mr. Whitton pleaded that he had his doors closed, and had only a few friends inside on the occasion of his commencing business ; but the bench informed him that it was necessary that means should be taken to put a stop to the practice which many publicans had fallen into of keeping open house after hours. He must therefore pay a fine of £2. Colonial Manufactures.- Our attention has been directed to a class of articles to which a considerable share of public attention has been lately directed, and which promises to become one day of some importance in connection with the boiling-down svstem, viz., gelatine, portable soup, and glue. We are induced to draw atten- tion to the subject at this time, in consequence of an enterprising individual (Mr. Looker, of Raymond Terrace) being now in Maitland for the purpose of making arrangements for the establishment of a manufactory of those articles here, should he meet with that encouragement which we believe, from an inspection of his samples, he is entitled to. The portable soup is got up in a particularly neat manner, in square cakes of about a pound weight, with the words " Beef Soup" stamped on each. From personal experience of the benefits derived from the use of a similar article on board ship (for which purpose it was purchased in London at the rate of 8s. per lb.), we can vouch for its admirable qualities as a nutritious and palatable article of food, as well as for its great durability, as it had not undergone the slightest change whatever during a voyage of nearly five months, although exposed to heat, air, and damp. This manu- factured by Mr. Looker is evidently, from its appearance precisely a similar article. The gelatine is capable of being applied to various uses-in fact all those to which isinglass, which it resembles," can be applied, and to a great many to which the latter, from its great price, is excluded. We understand it is extremely useful in the preparation of various articles of con- fectionery, and must therefore be an acqirisition to country housekeepers, who cannot send to the confectioner's shop for delicacies of this kind. We wish Mr. L. success in his endeavours, and hope to hear of his reaping the benefits of his zeal and intelligence. More Furious Riding.-James Fogarty appeared on summons before the bench, on Tuesday last, for the too common offence, not- withstanding the exertions lately made by the police, of furious riding. The offence was proved against the defendant by Constable Boylan. The defendant attempted to excuse himself by saying that the beast had been only three days backed, and it was not in his power to hold it in ; but he was informed by the bench that the town of Maitland was not a proper place to break in horses, and the constable, moreover, being positive that he rode with a slack rein, and leant forward on the horse's neck, instead of trying to hold it in, he was sentenced to pay a fine of £4, or suffer 14 days imprisonment in Newcastle gaol. Agricultural Society.- We beg to call the attention of the members to the meeting of the Hunter River Agricultural Society advertised for Tuesday next, at the Northumerland Hotel, West Maitland. The object of the intended meeting is to receive the rules and regulations of the society as revised by the committee appointed for that purpose. Assault.- William Orton was brought before the bench on Tuesday last, charged with assault- ing Wm. Crawford, district constable, in the execution of his duty, at Morpeth, on Thursday, the 26th ultimo ; and also with assaulting Mr. Anlaby, innkeeper, of the same place. Craw- ford deposed to having been called by Mr Anlaby's servant to quell a disturbance in the house. When he got there, however, all was quiet, but the prisoner was pointed out to him by Mr. Anlaby as one of the persons who had struck him, and he therefore proceeded to apprehend him ; but the prisoner resisted to the utmost, violently assaulted the witness, and severely bit his hand. Mr. Anlaby confirmed this testimony, and added that he had merely entered the tap for the purpose of restoring order, when he was grossly assaulted by several persons there. The prisoner was sentenced to be worked in irons 12 months for the assault on the constable, and 12 months further for the assault on Mr. Anlaby. Merton Pound.- The following is the scale of charges fixed by the petty sessions, Merton, on the 7th January last, and corrected 17th June, for the trespass of sheep and cattle in any forest, open pasture land, open stubble, after grass, or other unenclosed place :-For every horse, 3d. ; for every sheep or goat, ½d. : and for their maintenance whilst impounded for every horse, 9d. per diem ; for every sheep or goat, ¼d. Publicans' Licenses.- On Tuesday, Wed- nesday, and part of Thursday last, those publicans in East and West Maitland, nine in number, and one at Lochinvar, who obtained certificates for licenses from the bench on the 17th June, were obliged to close their houses, owing to an informality in the certificates, in consequence of which they were rejected at the Colonial Treasury, where the licenses are issued. On the cause of delay being made known to the Police Magistrate, however, the error was speedily rectified, although time would not admit of its being done soon enough to prevent the delay above mentioned. Court of Requests.- Wednesday, the 16th July, is the last day for taking out summonses for the Maitland Court of Requests; and the court will commence its sittings on Monday, the 4th August. A Child Lost.- We beg to call the attention of our readers, and more particularly of those residing on the Lower William and Paterson Rivers, to an advertisement in another column, offering a reward for the recovery of a little girl, who strayed from her home, on Mr. Lang's farm, William River, on Wednesday, the 18th June. From the length of time that has elapsed without any tidings of her, we fear the poor child will hardly be found alive, but we hope that, in mercy to the anxiety of her parents, any one who has heard of or seen any strange child in their neighbourhood lately will imme- diately give notice to Mr. Carmichael. Another Warning to Draymen.- Not- withstanding our caution in last week's Mercury, two more draymen were summoned before the bench, on Tuesday, for exactly similar offences to those then alluded to. The first was Alex- ander Carroll, for riding on his dray when it was being drawn by two horses, at Campbell's Hill, West Maitland, yesterday week. The defendant admitted having ridden on the dray, but pleaded that he was not aware of offending in so doing. The bench was disposed to allow him the benefit of his plea, as this was his first offence, but the act was imperative, and he must therefore pay the lowest penalty (10s.), or suffer 7 days imprisonment. He would be allowed one week to pay the money. The other case, in which William Russell was the defendant, for leaving his dray unguarded, was postponed for further evidence. The defendant appeared again before the bench yesterday, but was not prepared with the evidence which he expected to be able to produce in his favour. On the other hand, constable Boylan proved the offence against him. The bench informed him that by the 16th section of the Towns Police Act, he had subjected himself to a penalty of 40s., or not less than 5s. ; but in consideration of that section not having been hitherto enforced in Maitland, and the defendant's plea of ignorance being therefore probably founded in truth, the lowest penalty only would be enforced. The defendant paid the amount, and was discharged. Putting in Bodily Fear.- A young lady, rejoicing in the interesting appellation of Peggy Holly, was summoned before the bench yester- day, by Mrs. Stark, of West Maitland, for putting the latter in bodily fear by the language she used on Tuesday evening last. Mrs. Stark stated that on Tuesday evening last the defendant came to her shop in an uncommon state of excitement, in consequence of the refusal of complainant to take back a small quantity of butter which she had sent some one to purchase at her shop. She threatened to "serve her out," and used language still more inelegant to express her indignation, which complainant could not allow herself to repeat. Mrs. Holly, on the other hand, declared she had quite as much reason to consider herself in bodily fear of Mrs. Stark. The Police Magistrate told her that if such was the case, the law was open to her as well as to her opponent. In the meantime, she must be bound over (through her husband) to keep the peace, herself in £20, and two sureties in £10 each.- On the same day, Johnston Brothers was summoned by Patrick Coulton for a similar offence. It appeared that there was a bad feeling between the parties on account of a disputed boundary ; and as there did not appear to be anything very deadly in the defendant's intentions, he was merely bound over, by his own recognizances, in the sum of £10, to keep the peace for twelve months. An Affectionate Son.- Michael Cunning- ham, a ticket of leave holder, was brought before the bench yesterday by constable Craw- ford, for having been drunk and disorderly, at Morpeth, on Thursday last. He did not deny the charge, but pleaded in extenuation that he had a mother 75 years of age, with nobody to look after her but himself, and assured the bench, with a ludicrous show of affection for his parent, that he would never get drunk again, if he was only spared this time for the sake of the "dear old woman." On the police magistrate, however, shrewdly inquiring, as a better test of his filial duty, if he had ever been drunk before, it appeared that he had been convicted of a similar offence no further back than the 24th May last, when he was dealt with as a free man, it not being known to the police at the time that he was a ticket of leave holder. The police magistrate told him that if it could be shown that he had misrepresented his con- dition on that occasion, he would deprive him of his ticket of leave. The defendant, how- ever, maintained that he had not been asked the question ; and as it did not appear in the deposition-book that he had given himself out as a free man, he was allowed the benefit of the doubt. He was then sentenced to 14 days imprisonment on bread and water. The magistrate, however, told him that on his next conviction he would assuredly lose his ticket. Mr. Callaghans Work.- We have to acknowlege the receipt of the second volume of the " Acts and Ordinances of the Governor and Council of New South Wales, and Acts of Parliament enacted for, and applied to, the colony; with Notes and Index:" by Thomas Callaghan, Esq., barrister at law. This volume completes Mr. Cullaghan's useful and valuable work. In the appendix to this volume Mr. C. has brought up the Acts of Council to the close of last session, and has also inserted a variety of documents of general interest, including the boundaries of counties, districts, and towns, within the limits of location, and of the com- missioners' districts beyond; the Governor's commission; the Supreme Court charter; Requests Courts rules ; barbour rules ; corpora- tion bye-laws, &c.; Indeed, no labour has been spared to render the work as complete as possible, and the simple and admirable plan on which it is arranged makes it equally valuable to the public and the profession. We fear that the direct return cannot be in any degree com- mensurate to the time and labour bestowed on the work by Mr. Callaghan, nor to the ability with which he has executed the task; but we trust that indirectly he will reap a fair reward for the important service he has thus rendered to the community. Theatricals.- On Wednesday evening, the 25th ult., the Amateur Theatre in East Mait- land was again opened with two new pieces, "The Floating Beacon," and "My own Ghost;" the first of which was got up in a style that would do no discredit to any provincial theatre at home, much less to a company of amateurs. The deck scene in particular had a very pretty effect from the front, and had it not been for the want of savoir faire in the carpenters, who were rather long setting the scene, the audience would have been better pleased. Of the acting of all parties concerned, we can only speak in praise. The part of Marriette was sustained to the life, and we must say is about the best piece of female acting we have seen in Mait- land. In the scene with Frederick, in the second act, the delivery of almost every speech was greeted with a round of applause. The young gentleman who performed Frederich also received repeated mar^s of the approbation of the audience; his delivery was good and most effective. Nor must we forget to notice the noisy son of the ocean, Jack Junk, a British man of war's man, who rolled and bounced to the very life; his free and easy manner on board the beacon amongst the robbers, and the cool manner with which he kept them at bay, brought down repeated shouts of satisfaction. Altogether the piece went off better than any- thing we have yet seen here, it being inter- spersed with desperate combats, secret traps, daggers, attempted murders, and winds dp with a grand combat of six. At the fall of the curtain the plaudits were long and continued, and the piece was announced for representation amidst the most unequivocal marks of appro- bation. " My own Ghost" is a most laughable little farce, and kept the audience in a roar of laughter throughout. The acting was good in each of the characters. Much disappointment was evinced at "Jim Crow's" illness, as he was announced to tell some of his adventures in Maitland ; but we are happy to learn that our sable friend has perfectly recovered, and will make his first bow on Tuesday evening next ; when the above pieces will be again performed. We forgot to state that the house, though not crowded, was yet well and most respectably attended. (The above remarks should have appeared in our last, but owing to a press of matter, we were compelled to postpone them.) We understand that the performances on Tues- day evening next will be under the patronage of the Chairman of Quarter Sessions and the bar. Attempted Housebreaking.- We are sorry to find that attempts are again making to break into houses in Maitland. We thought the police had succeeded in rooting out the offenders in this way, but it is evident some must be left. About a month ago Mr. Cottrell, coachbuilder, found one morning that a quantity of bricks had been removed from the side of his house to a considerable depth, but the housebreakers happening to have commenced operations outside the thick wall by a fire-place, gave up apparently in despair before penetrating through. -On Tuesday night a second attempt was made on Mr. Cottrell's house, some bricks having been removed from below a bedroom window, but again the housebreakers did not penetrate through, being possibly disturbed at their work. It is perhaps fortunate for them- selves that on this second occasion they did not succeed, for the first attempt had induced Mr. Cottrell to keep a pair of pistols by him ready for use, and as there was a small dog in the house it is almost certain an alarm would have been given immediately had they entered. Tea Party.- The meeting of St John's Total Abstinence Society, which was to have taken place on St. John's Day (the 24th instant), but postponed owing to the absence of the Rev. Mr. Lynch, the president of the society, took place on Monday last, when the Temple of Concord was crowded with visitors, amounting to about three hundred. Tea was served up in excellent style; and, from the judicious arrangements made by the committee, the greatest order and good humour prevailed. The company was divided into parties, to each of which a steward was appointed, and by this disposition their wants were more effectually attended to than if waiters had been scattered indiscriminately throughout the company. This arrangement was much facilitated by Mr. Lynch's liberal donation of a large crate of earthenware. The room was profusely decorated with flowers, which added much to the gaiety of the scene. After tea, the reverend president addressed the meeting with his usual ability, and was followed by Messrs. Lawn, Watkins, Davis, and Kenneth. Four pupils of Mr. Mahoney's school, viz., J. Healy, R. Comerford, J. Maher, and M. Hughes, also delivered speeches in a style very creditable to that gentleman's tuition. The evening was filled up by songs and conversation ; and the time passed so pleasantly that the com- pany did not finally break up till three in the morning. Aquatic Sports.-We are glad to perceive, by an announcement in our advertising columns, that arrangements for the forthcoming regatta at Hexham are progressing, twelve entries for the three sailing matches having been already made, while a number of pulling boats are in preparation. We hope that the liberality of the subscriptions will enable the stewards to award prizes suitable to the merits of the competitors. Raymond Terrace.-Mr. William Gilbert has been appointed poundkeeper at Raymond Terrace, in the room of Mr. James Wort, resigned. 