THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT. BY C. DICKENS, ESQ. (Continued from our last.) CHAPTER V. Containing a full account of the Instal- lation of Mr. Pecksniffs new Pupil into the bosom of Mr. Pecksniff 's family. With all the festivities held on that occasion, and the great enjoy- ment of Mr. Pinch. Mr. Pecksniff opened another door on the same floor, and shut it again, all at once, as if it were a Blue Chamber. But before he had well done so, he looked smilingly round, and said " Why not ?" Martin couldn't say, why not, because he didn't know anything at all about it. So Mr. Pecksniff answered himself, by throwing open the door, and saying : " My daughters' room. A poor first- floor to us, but a bower to them. Very neat. Very airy. Plants you observe ; hyacinths ; books again ; birds." These birds, by the bye, comprised in all, one staggering old sparrow without a tail, which had been borrowed expressly from the kitchen. "Such trifles as girls love, are here. Nothing more. Those who seek heartless splendour, would seek it here in vain. Willi that he led them to the floor above. This," said Mr. Pecksniff, throwing wide the door of the memorable two- pair front; " is a room where some talent has been developed, I believe. This is a room in which an idea for a steeple occurred to me, that I may one day give the world. We work here, my dear Martin. Some architects have been bred in this room : a few, I think, Mr. Pinch ?" Tom fully assented ; and, what is more, fully believed it. " You see, " said Mr. Pecksniff, pas- sing the candle rapidly from roll to roll of paper, "some traces of our doings here. Salisbury Cathedral from the north. From the south. From the east. From the west. From the south-east. From the south-west. From the nor'- west. A bridge. An alms- house. A jail. A church. A powder-magazine. A wine-cellar. A portico. A summer house. An ice-house. Plants, eleva- tions, sections, every kind of thing. And this," he added, having by this time reached another large chamber on the came story with our little beds in it, " this is your room, of which Mr. Pinch here, is the quiet sharer. A southern aspect ; a charming prospect ; Mr. Pinch's little library, you perceive ; every- thing agreeable and appropriate. If there is any additional comfort you would desire to have at anytime, pray mention it. Even to strangers — far less to you, my dear Martin — there is no restriction on that point." It was undoubtedly true, and may be stated in corroboration of Mr. Pecksniff, that any pupil had the most liberal per- mission to mention any thing in this way that suggested itself to his fancy. Some young gentlemen had gone on mentioning the very same thing for five years without ever being stopped. "The domestic assistants," said Mr. Pecksniff, "sleep above ; and that is all." After which, and listening complacently as he went, to the encomiums passed by his young friend on the arrangements generally, he led the way to the parlour again. Here a great change had taken place ; for festive preparations on a rather exten- sive scale were already completed, and the two Miss Pecksniff's were awaiting their return with hospitable looks. There were two bottles of currant wine — white and red ; a dish of sandwiches — very long and very slim ; another of apples : another of captains' biscuits — which are always a moist and jovial sort of viand ; a plate of oranges— cut up and gritty ; with powdered sugar, and a highly geo- logical home-made cake, The magni- tude of these preparations quite took away Tom Pinch's breath ; for though the new pupils were usually let down softly, as one may say, particularly in the wine department, which had so many stages, of declension, that sometimes a young gentleman was a whole fortnight in getting to the pump ; still this was a banquet : a sort of Lord Mayor's feast in private life ; a something to think of, and hold on by, afterwards. To this entertainment, which, apart from its own intrinsic merits, had the additional, choice quality that it was in strict keeping with the night, being both light and cool. Mr. Pecksniff besought the company to do full justice. " Martin," said he, " will seat himself between you two, my dears, and Mr. Pinch will come by me. Let us drink to our new inmate, and may we be happy together ! Martin, my dear friend, my love to you! Mr. Pinch, if you spare the bottle we shall quarrel." And trying (in regard for the feelings of the rest) to look as if the wine were not acid and didn't make him wink, Mr. Pecksniff did honor to his own toast. "This,'' he said, in allusion to the party, not the wine, " is a mingling that repays one for much disappointment and vexation. Let us be merry. " It is a a poor heart that never rejoices ; and our hearts are not poor! No." With such stimulants to merriment did he beguile the time, and do the honours of the table; while Mr. Pinch, perhaps to assure himself that what he saw and heard was holiday reality, and not a charming dream, ate of everything, and in particular disposed of the slim sand- wichest to a surprising extent. Nor was he stinted in his draughts of wine ; but on the contrary, remembering Mr. Peck- sniff's speech, attacked the bottle with such vigour, that every time he filled his glass anew, Miss Charity, despite her amiable resolves, could not repress a fixed and stony glare, as if her eyes had rested on a ghost. Mr. Pecksniff also became thoughtful at those moments, not to say dejected ; but as he knew the vintage, it is very likely he may have been specu- lating on the probable condition of Mr. Pinch upon the morrow, and discussing within himself the best remedies for colic. Martin and the young ladies were ex- cellent friends already, and compared recollections of their childish days, to their mutual liveliness and entertainment. Miss Mercy laughed immensely at every thing that was said : and sometimes, after glancing at the happy face of Mr. Pinch, was seized with such fits of mirth as brought her to the very confines of hysterics. But, for these bursts of gaiety, her sister, in her better sense, reproved her ; observing, in an angry whisper, that it was far from being a theme for jest ; and that she had no patience with the creature; though it generally ended in her laughing too — but much more mo- derately — and saying, that indeed it was a little too ridiculous and intolerable to be serious about. At length it became high time to re- member the first clause of that great dis- covery made by the ancient philosopher for securing health, riches, and wisdom, the infallibility of which has been for generations, verified by the enormous fortunes, constantly amassed by chimney sweepers and other persons who get up early and go to bed betimes. The young ladies accordingly rose, and having taken leave of Mr. Chuzzlewit with much sweetness, and of their father with much duty, and of Mr. Pinch with much con- descension, retired to their bower. Mr. Pecksniff insisted on accompanying his young friend up stairs, for personal su- perintendence of his comforts ; and tak- ing him by the arm, conducted him once more to his bedroom, followed by Mr. Pinch, who bore the light. " Mr. Pinch," said Pecksniff, seating himself with folded arms on one of the spare beds. " I don't see my snuffers in that candlestick. Will you oblige me by going down, and asking for a pair ?" Mr. Pinch, only too happy to be use- ful, went off directly. " You will excuse Thomas Pinch's want of polish, Martin," "said Mr. Peck- sniff, a smile of patronage and pity, as soon as he had left the room. " He means well." " He is a very good fellow, sir." "Oh, yes, said Mr. Pecksniff. "Yes. Thomas Pinch means well. He is very grateful. I have never regretted having befriended Thomas Pinch." " I should think that you never would sir." " No," said Mr. Pecksniff. "No. I hope not. Poor fellow, he is always dis- posed to do his best ! but he is not gifted. You will make him useful to you, Martin, if you please. If Thomas has a fault, it is that he is sometimes a little apt to for- get his position. But it is soon checked. Worthy soul! You will find him easy to manage. Good night !" " Good night, sir." By this time Mr. Pinch had returned with the snuffers. " And good night to you, Mr. Pinch," said Pecksniff. " And sound sleep to you both. Bless you ; Bless you !" Invoking this benediction on the heads of his young friends with great fervour, he withdrew to his own room ; while they, being tired, soon fell asleep. If Martin dreamed at all, some clew to the matter of his visions may possibly be gathered from the after-pages of this history. Those of Thomas Pinch were all oft holidays, church organs, and seraphic Pecksniff's. It was some time before Mr. Pecksniff dreamed at all, or even sought his pillow, as he sat for full two hours before the fire in his own chamber, looking at the coals and thinking deeply. But he, too, slept and dreamed at last. Thus in the quiet hours of the night, one house shuts in as many incohe- rent and incongruous fancies as a mad- man's head. CHAPTER VI. Comprises, among other important matters, Pecksniffian and Architectural, an exact relation of the progress made by Mr. Pinch in the confidence and friendship of the new Pupil. It was morning, and the beautiful Au- rora, of whom so much hath been written, said, and sung, did, with her rosy fingers, nip and tweak Miss Pecksniff's nose. It was the frolicsome custom of the Goddess, in her intercourse with the fair Cherry, so to do ; or in more prosaic phrase, the tip of that feature in the sweet girl's counten- ance, was always very red at breakfast- time. For the most part, indeed, it wore at that season of the day, a scraped and frosty look, as if it had been rasped; while a similar phenomenon developed itself in her humour, which was then observed to be of a sharp and acid quality, as though an extra lemon (figuratively speaking) had been squeezed in to the nectar of her dispo- sition and had rather damaged its flavour. This additional pungency on the part of the fair young creature led on ordinary occasions, to such slight consequences as the copious dilution of Mr. Pinch's tea, or to his coming off uncommonly short in respect of butter, or to other like re- sults. But on the morning after the Instal- lation Banquet, she suffered him to wan- der to and fro among the eatables and drinkables, a perfectly free and unchecked man ; so utterly to Mr. Pinch's wonder and confusion, that like the wretched cap- tive who recovered his liberty in his old age, he could make but little use of his enlargement, and fell into a strange kind of flutter for want of some kind hand to scrape his bread, and cut him off in the article of sugar with a lump, and pay him those other little attentions to which he was accustomed. There was something almost awful, too, about the self-possession of the new pupil, who "troubled" Mr. Pecksniff for the loaf, and helped himself to a rasher of that gentleman's own particular and private bacon, with all the coolness in life. He even seemed to think that he was doing quite a regular thing, and to expect Mr Pinch would allow his example, since he took occasion to observe of that young man "that he didn't get on ;" a speech of so tremendous a character, that Tom cast down his eyes involuntarily, and felt as if he himself had committed some horrible deed and heinous breach of Mr. Pecksniff's confidence. Indeed, the agony of having such an indiscreet remark addressed to him before the assembled family, was breakfast enough in itself, and would, without any other matter of reflection, have settled Mr. Pinch's business and quenched his appetite, for one meal, though he had been never so hungry. The young ladies, however, and Mr. Pecksniff likewise, remained in the very best of spirits in spite of these severe trials, though with something of a mys- terious understanding among themselves. When the meal was nearly over, Mr. Pecksniff smilingly explained the cause of their common satisfaction. "It is not often," he said, "Martin, that my daughters and I desert our quiet home to pursue the giddy round of plea- sures that revolve abroad. But we think of doing so to-day." "Indeed, sir!" cried the new pupil. " Yes," said Mr Pecksniff, tapping his left hand with a letter which he held in his right. " I have a summons here to repair to London ; on professional business, my dear Martin ; strictly on professional business; and I promised my girls, long ago, that whenever that happened again, they should accompany me. We shall go forth to-night by the heavy coach — like the dove of old ,my good Martin — and it will be a week be- fore we again deposit our olive branches in the passage. When I say olive branches," observed Mr Pecksniff", in explanation, "I mean, our unpretending luggage." " I hope the young ladies will enjoy their trip," said Martin. "Oh! that I'm sure we shall !" cried Mercy, clapping her hands. - " Good gracious, Cherry, my darling, the idea of London !"' [To be continued.] 