..1F12 AND ADVENTURES OF HAUTIN CHUZZLIiWIT. » T C. I) J C K E X S, ESQ. LCmlimalJnm mirUal] But what were even gold anil silver, precious Hones and clockwork to the book shops, whence a pleasant smell of paper freshly pressed came issuing forth, awakening instant recollections of some new j^rfilnmar bad nt scliod), long: time ago, with -( Muster Pinch, Grove House Academy,' inscribed in faultless, writing on the fly leaf! That whiff of Russia leather, too, and fill those rowa on rows of volumes, neatly ranged within.— what happi wcre the 6pick-aud-spnn new works from London, with the title-pages, and soinotimec oven the first page of the first chapter, laid wide open ; teinplinx unwary men -o begin to rend the hook, ;md then, in the impossibility of turniuir over, to rush blindly in, and buy it'! I lore too were the dainty frontispiece and trim vignette, pointing like hand posts on the out skirts ol'great cities to the rich stock of inci dent beyond ; mid store of books, with many a (,'rave portrait and time-honoured name, whose matter he knew well, and would have given mint's 10 nave, iu any form, upon the shelf be side his bed at Mr. Pecksniff's. What u hc.irt~break.ns: shop it was.' There wus another ; not quite so bad at first, but slill a trying shop ; where children's liools were sold, mid where poor llobiuson Crusoe stood aluue in liis might, with dog and hatchet, Konuskin cap anil fowling piece ; calmly sur viyinir Phillip Quail ami the host of imitators round him, and calling Mr. l'incli to witness that lie, of all the crowd, impressed one solitary foot print on the shore of boyish memory, whereof the tread of generations should nut stir the lightest grain ot sand. And there too were the l'crsinn Talcs, with flying chests, and students of enchanted books shut up for years in caverns : and there too was Abudal.; the incrchanl, with the terrible little old .onaii hobbling out of the box in bis bedroom ; and there the mighty talisman — the rnre Arabian Nights— with Casim Baba, divided by four, like Hie ghost, of a dreadful sum, hanging up, all gury, in the robbers' cave. Which match less wonders, coming fast on Air. Pinch's mind, did so rub up and chafe that wonderful lamp within him, that wlieu he turned his face to wards the busy street, a crowd of phantoms waited on his pleasure, and lie lived anain. with new delight, the happy days before the l'eik buiff era. lie had less interest now iu the chemist s shops, with their great glowing liutths (witli smaller repositories of brightness in their very ttoppers) ; and iu their agreeable compromise's between medicine and perfumery, iu tlie shape of toothsome lozenges and vinrin honev. Neither liod he the least regard (but he never bad much) for the tailors', nhcK the newest metropolitan waistcoat p.-ilterns were ]tang-in;r up, which bv tome strange liansfunnaiiun pnared at all liUe tuc°same tiling nnjwlure else. But he stopped lo read thc'plnvbill at ihethtaire, and surveyed the dourv-iiy' uilli a kind of awe, which wos not dimiirs'ied when out, and fold u boy to run home lo his luduiiigs and bring down bis broad-sword. Mr. 1'iucli stood rooted to the spot on hearim: tliis, and might have stooil there until dark, but that the old calhedi~.il Ml began to riiijr fur vesper ofM^.'j'iiicIi'Viru'va^agcKxl'tii'iiis, t'trlie too was a vt.y quiet, gentle soul, and loil been, like Tun, a Mini of old-fashioned ooy at school, tliough well liked hv the noisy fellows too. As good luck would have it (Tom always said he had great good luck) the assistant chanced lh:il very afternoon to be on duly by himself, with no'otie iu the du-lv organ-lull but '1'om: so while he played, Turn helped hhu with the stops; and finally, the service being just over, Tom tm.k the organ himself. It was then lurninjidark, and the yellow light that streamed in through tlie aucie'ut windows in ll.e choir tones 'reloundod' 'hr'n^h 'the church,' l'h'y seemed, lo Tom, lo find an echo in the depth ?if every auciei.t tomb, no less than nitlie dee|i ni3'jj(ery ot his own heart. Great thoughts them-someliiinir'inoie 'crave :ilid soleiiiii'!u their purpose, but ihe 'same-were all the images of that day, down to ils very lightest recollection o!' childhood. The fielinglhi.tthe sounds awakened, in the moment of their ex istence, seemed tu include his whole life and and wood and glass grew dimmer ill the dark ness, these visions giew ho much the brighter that Turn might have forgotten the new Jni])il and tlie i-xpra-l.inl master, anil have sat there pouring i.ut his gral.'lul heart till midnight, Imt for a very earthy uld verger insisting on locking up the cathedral forthwith. So he lout leave uf his friend, with many thanks, the now limelighted streets, and hurried off to set his dinner. All the farmers being by this time iojrcin' homewards, there was nobody in the Sande5 parlour of the lavern where he had left the horse ; so he had his little table drawn out close before the fire, and fell lo work upon a well- cooked t-!cjk und smukiiig hot pofuioes, with a strong appreciation of their excellence, and a vety keen sense of enjoyment. Ucside him, too, there stood u jug ot most stupendous Wiltshire beer; ami the cfiect of the whole was so transcendent, that be was obliged every now and il.cn to lay down his knife anil fork, rub his bands, and think about it. By the lime the cheese Ulld celery came, Hr. I'inch had taken a hook out of his' pocket, and could nffi-rd to trifle with the viands; now eatiil' a little, nuw drinking a little, now reading u liltle, nud now stopping to wonder what sort lo be. lie had passed from this latter theme and was deep in his book again, when thedoor opened, and unuther guest came iu, bringing with him sucll n quantity of cold air, that he posiiively seemed at first tu put the fire out. 'Very hard frost to-niglit, sir,' said the new-cou,er, courteously acknowledging Mr. I'iuch's withdrawal of the iillie table, that he might have place. ' Don't disturb yourself, 1 though he said this with a vast amount of consideration fur Mr. Pinch's comfort, he drew one of the great lialhcr- lioltoined chain to the very centre of the hearth, notwithstanding ; anu sat down iu front of the fire, with a fool ' My feet'ore quite numbed. Ah ! Bitter cold to be sure.' ' jou have been iu theairsonie considerable time, I dare sny!' said Mr. Pinch. ' All day. OutsiJc a coach, too.' 'That accounts for his nwkiii' the room sn cool,' thought .Mr. 1'incu, ' J'oor fellow 1 how thoroughly chilled he must be.' The straugir became thoughtful likeuisf. and sat for five or ten minutes looking at the fire in silence. At length he rose awl divcsleil himself of his shawl and greiit-coat, which (far diffiient from Mr. Pinch's) was u veiy wurm und thick one ; but he was nut a whii in it, for he sat down ajrnin iu the same place and attitude, nud leaning back in bis cluii--) began to bile his nails. JJe was young — om- and twenty, perhaps— and handsome ; with a keen dark eye, mid a quickness of look and manner which made Tom sensible uf a great contrast in his own bearing,uti(] caused him to feel even more shy than usual. There was a clink iu tlie room, which the stranger often turned to louk at, Tom made frequent reference to it also; partly frnm n nervoussympaihy with his taciturn companion, and partly becutise the new pupil was to inquire fur him at half-past six, and the hands were getting on towards that time. Whenever the stranger cnught him looking at this clork, n hud been found out in something ; und it wos a perception of his uneasiness which caused the j uonger man to say, perhaps, iviili a smile ' We both appear to bo rather particular about lite time. The fact is, I have an engage ment lo mod n gentleman here.' 'Solmvel,' said Mr. Pinch. ' At hull- past six,' said tile stranger. ' At half-past six,' sain Tom iu tlie very same breath; whereupon the other looked at him with sonic surpiise. ' The young Bciillenmn,I expect,' remarked Tom, liniidlv, '? was to enquire at that time lor a peisim of 'the name of Pinch.' ' Dear me I' cried the other jumping up, '? and I have been keeping the fire from y.m all this while ! 1 had no idea you were Mr. Pinch. 1 am tlie Mr. Martin for whom you were If i ruiiuiro. Pray excuse me. How do you do I Oh, do draw nearer, prav I1' ' Thank you,' said Tom, ' ihunk you. 1 am not at all cold : and von arc: and we have a cold ride before us. ' Well, if vou wish it, 1 will. I — I am very glad,' said Tom, smiling with an embarrassed frankness peculiarly his and which was as plainly a confession of his own imperfections, and an appeal to the kind ness of the person he nddiessed, as if lie had draw,, one up iu simple language and cot inilted it to paper: 'I am very glad indeed that you turn out to be the puny I expected. I was thinking, but a minute ago, that I could wish him to be like you.' '1 am very glad Iu hear it,' relumed Martin, shaking hands with him again , ' for 1 assure you, I was thinking there could be no such luck ns Mr. Pinch turning out like vou.' ' Xo, really I' said Tom, with great plea'sure, 'are you serious?' ' Upon mv word I am.' replied bis new ac -ianhuam-e:''rou:,i,i I will gelou excellently well, 1 know ; which it's no small telief for me lo feel, for U tell you the truth, I am not at all the sort of fellow who could get on with everybody, nnd that's the point on which 1 had the i:rea'lost doubts. But they are quite re lieved now.— Uu me the favour'to ring the bell will you t' Mr. Pinch rose, and complied with great alacritv— the handle hung just over Martin'* head, as he warmed himself— and listened with a smiling face Iu what his friend went on lo say. It was: ' If vou like punch, you'll alloiv me to order a glr.ss'u-piece, us hot as it eau he made, that we may usher in our friendship iu a becumiuc? manlier. To let you into u s. tret, Mr. Pinch, I never was so much in w;mt of something warm and cheiling iu ray life; but I did nut like to run the i-biiicc cj( 'being lound driuking it, without kumvilig what kiu.1 ol person you a kin'- way,' a'id''/,'s't'a'°'ngJ'hiit''-!'' '' ' 8° Mr I'mch usSLMilrd, und (lie punch was or dered. In due course it came — hot and slroug. AiWdriukiiitr to each otli.r in the stjaiuiug mixlure, tlirv'bccarac quite cuiiCdniti.il. 'I'm a suit of relation of Pecksniff's, you '?liideedl' cried if r. Pinch. ' Y«s Jly grandfather is his cousin, no he's tlutoiii. *.f caii'i.' 'Then Martin is vour Christian iiiiuiei'' said Mr. Pinch, t'luu-'htl'ullv. 'Ok!' ' Of course it is,' returned his friend: 'I vt-ry pretty one, and il lakes 'a long lime to sign Cl.u7.it.-wit i, my iwuif.' 'Dear m.-l' cried Mr. Piuch, with an in YUlUIIUil V £-UIIL. | 'You're net surprised at my having two names, 1 suppose?'1 returned the other, setting his ghi,s iu his lips. - -Most people have.' ' Oh, mi,' said M r. Pinch, ' not alull. Oil dear nul Well!' And then remembtring that Mr. Pei-Uniff had privately cautioned him to s:iv nolliing in reference 1» the old gen llemau ol' the same unite wlio llad lodged at the Dr.igon, liul to reserve all mention, of that person for him, he had no belter means ol' giujs'to hi^iuiiuiii!'1' They looked at c°ach'otber out of tlieir respective 'tumblers for a few seconds, and thin put ihi.n down empty. ' 1 lulJ them iu the stable to lie ready fur us ten minutes ago,' said Mr. Pinch glancing at ihe clicV ag.iin. 'Sh» 11 we got' 'It vou please,' returned the oilier, ' Wo'uld you like to drive !' said Mr. Pinch, ! his whole fate beaming with a consciousness of the splendour of bis ofl'tr. ' You shall, it ' Why', that depends, Mr. Pinch,' said Mr. Cliuzz!c'«'it, l.iusruiir-r, 'ulion ivliat sirtofu horse you have. Because if he's a bud one, 1 would ralher keep my hands warm by holding them coinfuiiuulv in my emit pockets.' He appeared to think this sucll a good joke, tl.at Mr. Pinch was quite sure it must be a capital one. Accordingly, he laughed loo, and was fully persuade, I that he enj.ived il very much. Then he settled his bill.'aild llurtiu paid ior the punch; and having wrapped llieni sclvi's up, to the extent of their respective menus, they neut out logiMher to \ht Iront dour, where Mr. Peeksuifi's propeity slojipcd ?' Iivou'l drive, Ihank you, Mr. Pinch,' said Jlaitiu, -retting mtu the sitter's place. 'IJy tl.e bve,'thele's a bux of mine. Cau we manage to take it !' \jiif i:ui uiiim, a.nu i iiilii. j. ul h. in, D.'ck, aiiyviherei' 1 1 ivas not lirecisely of that convenient size which «uuld udii.it of its being squeezed into any odd corner, but Dick, the ostler, got it in sunn-how, and Martin helped him. It was all uu Piui'h'b side, and Martin said he was verv much afraid it would encumber him; to which Tom said, ' Not at all;' though it forced him into sucli an awkward position, that he had much ado lo see anything hut his own knees. But it is uu ill wind il.at blows nobody any good ; and the wisdom ol' the saving was veri fied iu this instance; for the cold air came from Mr. I'inch'i side of the carrisge.and by inter posing a perfect wall of box and man between itaiid'lheliew pupil, he shielded that yomiu' gentleman elfecluuUy : which was agrca't coni lort. It was a clear evening, with a bright nioou The whole landscape was silvered by its lidn and by the hoar-frost : and everything loutvd exquisitely beautiful. At first, the gr.-ai serenity anil peace through uhich they ira vellcd, disposed them both to silence ; lull in a very than time the punch within them and (lie healthful air without, mude them loquacious, and they talked incessantly. U'lieu liny were half-way home, and stopped lo give the horse some water, Mr. Cliuzzlcwit (who was very generous with his iiioucv) ordered two more glasses of hot punch, which they drank between them, and which had not. the i'11'ect uf making them less conversational ilian before. Their principal topic of discourse was naturally Mr. Pccksuill and his family; of whom, and of the grunt obligations llj.y j,nd heaped upon him, 'fun. Piucb, with the' tears standing in his eyt'S, drew such a picture, as would liavc inclined any one of common feeling almost, to revere ihem : and of wlnVl. Mr. Pecksniff had not the slightest foresighl or preconceived idea, or he ceruii.lv (Ihmu' very humble) would not have sent Tun, Pinch to bring the pupil home. In this way ihey went on, and on, and on — in the language of the stoiy-bouks-until lit hist the village lights appeared before them, and the church spire cast a lung reflection on thcgravc-yar.i grass: as if it were a di.il (irus the truest in the world I) u.iirl.iuF, whaliver light shone out of Heaven, Ibe %l,l ,,f days und weeks an'l VPiirS) by sonic tic;v shadow on thai toleu.n ground. ' A pretty church 1' baid Martin, observing thnl his companion shtckcued the pace of the horse, as they approached. 'Is it nat' cried Tom, with great pride. 'There's the sweetest little organ there you ever heard. I play il for iliem.' ' Indeed t' said Martin. ' It is hardly worth the trouble, I should think. What do you get for thai now?' ' Nothing,' answered Tom. ' Well,' returned his friend, 'you arc a very strange fellow !' To which remark there succeeded a very brief silence. ' When I say nothing,' observed Mr. Pinch/ cheerfully,'! am wrong, and don't say whin 1 mean, because I gel a grat deal of. pleasure from it, mid the means of passing some of the happiest hours 1 know, it Iwl to something else the other day— but you will not care to hear about that, 1 dare say I' ' OH, yes, I shall. Whntt' ' It led to my seeing,' said Tom, in a lower voice, ' ono of the lovelieBt and most beautiful Taces you can possibly picture to yourself.' ' And vet 1 am able to picture a beautiful one/' said his friend, thoughtfully, 'or should be, ifl have any memory.' ' She came,' said Tom, laying his hand upon the other's arm, ' for the first lime, very early in the morning, when it was hardly light ; and when 1 saw her, over my shoulder, standing just within the porch, I turned quite cold, al most believing her to be a spirit. A moment's reflection got the betler of tfint of course, aud fortunately it came to my relief so soon, that 1 didn't leave off playing.1' 'Why fortunately?' ' Why t Because she stood there, listening. I had my spectacles on, nnd saw her through the chinks in the curtains as plainly as I see you ; ami she iras beautiful. After a while she glided cilf, nud I continued to play until she was out of hearing.' 'WlivdidyoudnlhiuT' ' Don't you see ?' responded Tom. ' Be cause she 'might suppose I hadn't seen her; and might return.' ? 'And did she?' 'Certainly she did. Next morning, and next evening too : but always wheu there were no people ubout, uud always alone. I rose earlier and sat there later, Unit when she came she might find the church door open, and the organ playing, and might not be disappointed. She Bt rolled that, way for some days, and always staid to listen. But she is gone now, and of all unlikely things iu this wide world, it is perhaps the most improbable that I shall ever look upon her face again.' ' Vou dou't kuoiv anything more about her?' ' No.' 'And you never followed her, when Bile went away!' ' Why should I distress her by doing that I' said Tom Pinch. ' Is it likely that she wanted my company? She came lo hear the organ, ?lot to see me * and would you have had mi* scare her from a place ehc seemed to grow quite fond oft No, Heaven bless her I' cried Tom, 'lo have given her but a minute's pleasure every dav, 1 would have gone on ?laying the organ at those times until I was an 'old m in : quite contented if she sometimes thought of a poor fellow like me, as a part -f ever mixed me up with anything she liked as well as she liked that 1' Ihe new pupil was clearly very much nnvued by Mr. Pinch's weakness, and would probably have told him so, and given him some gooil advice, but for their opportune arrival at Mr. Pecksniff's dour : the frontdoor this time, on account of the occasion being otic ot cere wailniL' for the horse who had been adjured by Mr. Pinch in the morning not to .yield to his rabid desire to start; and oiler delivering tlie animal iuto bis charge, and beseeching Mr. Chu7.7.!ewit in a whisper never to reveal a syllable uf what he had just told him in the fulness of his heatt, Tom led the pupil in, for instant presentation. Mr. Pecksniff had clearly not expected them for hours to come: for he was surrounded by open books, and was elancing from volume to volume, with a black-lead pencil in his mouth, anil a pair of compasses in his hand, at a vasl number of mathematical diagrams, of such extraordinary shapes thai Ihey looked like designs for fireworks. Neither had Miss Charity expected them, for she was busied, with a capacious wicker basket before her, in maliing impracticable nightcaps for the poor. Neither had Miss Mercy expected them, for she was sitting upon her stool, tying on the — oh good tiracious — the petticoat of a large doll that she was dressing for a neighbour's- child : rcallv, quite a grown-up doll, which made it more confusing: and had its little bonnet dangling by tlie ribbon from one of bcr fuir curls, to which she had fastened it, lest it should be lost, or sat upon. It would be diffi cult, if not impossible, lo conceive a family so thoroughly taken by surprise as the Pccksuifls were, on this occasion. (To be continual.) 