ENGLISH HORSES. We extract from the evidence of Mr. R. Tattersall, before the Lords' Committee on " Gaming" the following interesting notice of English horses and foreign purchasers :- Are not the Germans anxious to promote racing, believing that by so doing they will improve the breed of horses ?-Upwards of thirty years ago, when I first sent horses to Germany, to my friend Baron Biel, the great breeder, and the man whose horses won all the races, was Count Plessen of Ivenack. His blood was so valuable that a stamp was put upon every horse bred by him, and they sold for a much higher price than any other, and won most of the races. I then sent Baron Biel over a few thorough-bred mares and a stallion. At first no one would buy his stock, so he was obliged to train them, and they won everything. They then discovered a thorough-bred English horse was better than a native German, and Baron Biel sold his produce at very large prices. After a time other German noblemen sent to me for mares and horses at high prices, and of late years still higher. I sold, of my own, the Colonel, for £1,900, and Glacus last year for £1,000; I also sold (not my own) Grey Momus for 1,200 guineas. Taurus was sold for, I believe, 1,000, and I am told, Rockingham for 3,000 guineas. All these to noblemen who keep studs of their own. They are still buying. A friend of mine last year bought horses and stallions to the value of £8,500. Had not these distinguished themselves they would not have fetched a third of it. In Germany they run for good stakes, or they could not afford to give sums than we do. This year a produce stakes such high prices. In America they run for larger came off £1,000 (not dollars), each £225, thirty subscribers. I sent a mare over to a friend - her produce was second. The winner was by an English stallion. They had given very large sums of money for stallions that have won great races. I gave for Priam, to go to America, 3,600 guineas ; and Mr. Batson refused, at my table, 5,000 guineas for Plenipotentiary, or £1,000 a-year as long as the horse lived, which he nobly refused-not for fear of the money, for I would have been answerable. At that time one firm in America owed me upwards of £8,000. I paid for the same people more than £2,000 for the insurance of horses alone. Would they have done this unless the horse had distinguished himself? They were most noble buyers. My orders were almost unlimited. They trusted to me. And all the best race-horses now in America are by English horses. Whenever racing is done away with, there is an end to the noble animal, and the manly sport, and your humble servant. Are not many thorough-bred horses and mares exported every year to nearly every part of the world, to improve the breed of horses in these countries? To every part of the known world, excepting to China, I have sent horses; and always such as have distinguished themselves fetch the highest prices. I sent three lately to Ibrahim Pacha, to Egypt, for the first time; they were stallions, and to improve the Arabian blood, which they will do very much, they being very small but hand- some, but not within two stone of our horses of the same age. Many hundreds go to France every year; and the French dealers attend all our large fairs, and for well-bred horses give more than our own dealers; they have bought more the last two years, and at higher prices, than in former years. A great many of our first-rate stallions are now covering in France; for often the French government gave very large prices for old distinguished horses. The foreigners will buy none but what have won large stakes, nor will they now buy mares unless winners of good stakes, and the more they have won the higher price they give. American Candles.-The late importation of American candles by the New York packet ship England, at Liverpool, said to be a novelty at that port, is not so at the port of London. For a considerable time past the London and New York line of packet ships have been in the habit of bringing large quantities of American composition candles, which, on being landed, are immediately placed in bond for exportation. A merchant has informed us that several ships which lately sailed from the docks for India, China, and other ports were supplied with this description of candles, and that the importers, after paying freight, &c.;, realised a profit of about 2d. per lb.-Herald. Influx of Shipping.-So many vessels have arrived in the port of London from all parts of the world during the past week, that it has been found impossible to provide a sufficient number of officers of the customs, by whom the vessels are boarded at Gravesend, and who never leave them until the whole of the cargo has been delivered, to meet the emergency, and several vessels, in consequence, have of necessity been for a time left unguarded. This is of very rare occurrence, and is partly owing to several of the tidewaters having been taken from their regular duties to assist in the landing depart- ment, in order to facilitate the discharge of the vessels, and the landing and housing of their cargoes.-Atlas, Nov. 9. A New Case.-The question of whether the crown can grant a commutation of capital punishment in opposition to the wish of the culprit has been raised at the Hague, and resolved in the following manner:-Two men, named Fox and Van Link, were condemned to death, and refused to solicit their pardon. The King, however, commuted their punishment to that of being flogged, and having their necks marked with a rope, which sentence was executed on the 26th ult.-Constitutionnel. Wool to England.-On board the ship Patrick Henry, which sailed on the 6th instant for Liverpool, were 100 bales of fine American wool, which was selected in this country from our finest Saxony fleeces by a Scotch manufacturer. For some of it he paid as high as 60 cts. per lb. The quantity was about 20,000 lbs. New York Journal of Commerce. Increase of Pauperism.-Since Thursday last, not less than 77 persons have been admitted into the workhouse of Banbury Union ; and we believe we are not mistaken when we state that an equal number are ready to present themselves for a like purpose. Of the 77, 41 are from the parish of Bloxham, and they entered together on Friday last, passing through our town in melancholy procession.-Banbury Guardian. Beet Root Sugar.-The Moniteur publishes a table of the produce and consumption of beetroot sugar since the beginning of the season 1844-1845, showing the state of the manufactories at the end of September, 1844, and the duties received during this year. The number of manufactories in work in 1843 was 34, and is 50 in 1844, being an increase of 16. The manufactories out of work in 1843, but retaining stores of sugar, were 338; in the present year they are only 240, being a decrease of 98. The amount of duties received in 1843 was 4,900,375f. ; in 1844 it is 5,492,199f., being an increase of 591,842f. Triumphal Entry of Lord Ellenborough. By some strange inadvertence no account has been given by the journals of the return of this gallant individual to his native land. We have much pleasure in supplying the deficiency of our contemporaries, by giving the account of an eye-witness who was present at the landing of Lord Ellenborough. On the vessel containing his Lordship being brought along the pier, a plank was thrust into the gangway to facilitate his Lordship's landing. The ex- Governor General of India was met in the centre of the plank by the agent of the Steam-Packet Company, who received his Lordship's ticket, while a custom- house officer went through the usual ceremony of asking whether be had anything about him that was liable to duty. On placing his foot on shore, Lord Ellenborough must have been excessively gratified by the enthusiasm of the porters, all of whom pressed upon him with an offer of their services. His Lordship seemed much moved by the zeal of the worthy fellows, and addressed them with considerable emphasis, the substance of his remarks consisting of a recommendation to them to visit a locality even hotter than that of the place he had just arrived from. His Lordship had scarcely concluded his interview with the Portsmouth Porterage, when he was met by deputations from the principal hotel-keepers, and received from each of the deputies an address - printed on a card - in which he was invited to avail himself of the hospitality of the various inn- keepers. His lordship gave a verbal answer to the deputations, in which he alluded to the expediency of adding to the police force, and made a few other observations characteristic of the soldier-like bluntness he enjoys a reputation for. On arriving at his hotel he was received by two waiters carrying their napkins and wearing the insignia of the order of the White Cravat, while the bells in the passage rang a merry peal which lasted for nearly half a minute. After partaking of refreshment, the ex- Governor General of India retired to rest, apparently much gratified by the reception he had experienced, and not much fatigued by the ceremonies he had been called upon to take a part in.-Punch. The Medical Profession.-The numbers of the medical men in the United Kingdom, at the census of 1841, were as follows : England. Scotland. Ireland. Total. Physicians...... 1,112 364 1,384 2,860 Surgeons, &c.; 16,173 2,485 2,439 21,007 Total.............. 17,285 2,849 3,823 23,957 The number of chemists and druggists in the United Kingdom, in 1841, was 11,024; only 171 of whom were in Ireland. Irish Feathers.-Lord Castlereagh promises to be worthy of that father who has given to the world A voyage to Constantinople; for at a recent dinner to the Londonderry tenantry, he said, "the proudest feather in Lord Londonderry's cap was not the laurels he had won in the field, but the tenantry over whom be presided." Truly, Mrs. Malaprop could not have made a prettier jumble of feathers and laurels. As for Punch, whenever he thinks of Londonderry's cap, he never dreams of feather's, but of bells.-Punch. Dibbling Wheat.-In answer to the inquiries of some of our correspondents, we mention that the following is the method by which this process is effected :-Men are employed to make the holes with the dibble, which makes five holes at once, at a distance of six inches from each other, and children drop the corn into the holes; they work by a line, and change their places every time, filling up the holes with their feet as they pass along. The expense varies from 9s. to 10s. per acre, according to the fitness of the land for the work.-Bell's Messenger. "A Potato Grower."-" What is the quantity of nourishment, as human food, contained in the potato, as compared with some other ordinary articles of food ?" The experiments of MM. Berry and Herring give the following result :-" One hundred pounds of potatoes are equal for nutriment to- Meat without bone........... 25 lbs. Beans................................ 28 Wheaten bread................. 35 Parsnips and carrots ....... 190 Turnips............................ 300 Cabbage.......................... 400 The experiments of MM. Berry and Herring establish the fact that 3 lbs. of potatoes are equal for nourishment to twelve ounces of bread and five ounces of meat."-Mark Lane Express. The Apiary.-Mr. Auld, Doonbrae Cottage, to whose beautiful combs were awarded the first prize at the recent agricultural exhibition, can this season boast of having realised at least ten pounds sterling from a single hive of bees ! It yielded him 65 lbs. of honey, leaving 34 lbs. in the box-in all 99 lbs., which, averaging rather over than under 2s. per lb., amounted in value at least to £10. From inadvertence in not timeously shifting the boxes, the bees threw off a swarm; otherwise a still more remarkable produce would have been secured.-Ayr Adver. A Hint Taken.-Previously to his visit to England, Louis Phillipe paid a visit to Horace Vernet, to look at the large painting of the taking of the Smala, which that eminent artist is executing. The King said that the gendarme in the foreground was a perfect portrait. "Yes, Sire," replied the painter, "Shomberi is a brave soldier of the empire. I thought he had obtained the cross of the Legion of Honour, which had been long solicited for him ; but I have learned this morning with regret that this is not the case, and, therefore, I must efface it." " No," said the King, " I authorise you to keep it in." The Millerite Imposture.-(Extract of a letter from Philadelphia, dated Oct. 31)-" Portions of the population of all the large eastern cities in this country have been more or less the victims of a singular and fanatical delusion. They call themselves Millerites, and implicitly believe the delirious and impious ravings of one Miller, who had prophesied that the Second Advent would certainly occur on the 23rd inst., when this fair globe would be destroyed by conflagration! Here, in Baltimore, and in Boston, the civil authorities have been compelled to close their churches by force, in consequence of hundreds of them having assembled and thrown the neighbourhood into wild alarm, by their yelling, and howling cries and lamentations. On the evening of the 22nd instant many hundreds of these crazy people repaired to camps near this city, attired in long white cotton dresses, which they called their 'ascension robes', and were seen wandering through the woods and on the banks of the rivers by moonlight, like sheeted ghosts. They left their business and their families, and many children would have perished had it not been for the kindness of their fellow-citizens. For days this flame of dangerous superstition and enthusiasm spread like wild-fire. There was no stopping it. In two or three instances the victims anticipated the end of the world by suicide; one named Culp threw himself into the cataract of Niagara; and now that the day has passed over, many are found to be (incurably perhaps) delirious. Such scenes as I have alluded to have not, probably, occurred for centuries, and I hope that centuries will again roll away before such melancholy evidences of the weakness of human nature, and the distress which invariably attends them, will harrow up the feelings." Recovery of Treasure.-America is no longer a safe place of refuge for swindlers and robbers on a large scale. Burgess, a clerk to the Bank of England, and Joseph Elder, who assisted him, not long since, in the transfer of £8000 stock, and obtaining gold to that amount from the Bank of England, were captured, last month, in Boston. It appears that, having packed their ill-gotten gold in a portmanteau, they came to Liverpool by railway, and went immediately on board the Britannia steamer, which set sail in a few hours for Halifax. Forrester, the officer, was soon on their track. He set off by the next steamer (the Caledonia), and traced the fugitives to Boston, New York, Buffalo, Canada, Niagara, and back to Boston, where he found that one of them lived in a house which he had purchased, and the other at an inn. Elder was taken before one of the tribunals for examination, and was remanded. In the course of the night, however, he hanged himself with his pocket handkerchief. Burgess contrived to escape by running out at the back door of the inn without hat or coat. He got into a boat, and managed to get away. Upon Elder were found 400 sovereigns, and amongst the papers of Burgess were found 200 more. A sum of £7000 was lodged in a bank to their credit, and was claimed on the part of the Bank of England. Ingenious Swindle.-M. Spinelli, jeweller, Palace de la Bourse, was lately tricked out of a suite of diamonds in the following way :-Two Piedmontese, one calling himself the Chevalier Giordano, aged 28, and the other about 20, who acted as his servant, took up their quarters at the Hotel d'Amiens. The Chevalier having spoken to the proprietor about his wishes to purchase a suite of diamonds, and to exchange 35,000f. in Italian pieces of gold and French napoleons for other French money, was recommended by him to M. Spinelli. The diamonds were exhibited and the price agreed on, but the exchange of the gold was refused. The Chevalier requested the jeweller to accompany him to his hotel with the jewels, and said that the money should be paid down. This M. Spinelli consented to do, and on the party entering the Chevalier's apartment, he ordered his servant to bring a bottle of champagne. The jeweller refusing positively to partake of it, the servant was ordered to bring out a case in which was deposited the money to pay for the diamonds. The case was immediately produced, but the key was not forthcoming. The man went into a closet to seek it, and the Chevalier, carelessly taking up the jewels, placed them in the drawer of a commode, which he closed. As the servant delayed coming with the key, the chevalier followed him, and M. Spinelli, after a few seconds, getting uneasy, also entered the closet, which, to his surprise, he found empty. He hastily returned into the room, and opening the drawer, discovered that it was empty, and that the light could be seen from the other side. The wall had, in fact, been cut through, and the diamonds were thus at the mercy of the two swindlers. In the case left upon the table nothing was found but a stone.-Galignani. The Church and State Gazette thus sums up the results of thirty years of landlord-protection : -"The agricultural county of Suffolk has of late years suffered more from the pauperism of its labouring classes than any other county in England. The peasantry have been ground down by famine-the farmers worn out with fear -and the landlords tardily aroused to the conviction that something must be done only by the incendiary glare, whose cause may be traced quite as much to the neglectors of the poor as the poor neglected." 