. o Odd-Fellowship. C From the Odd. Fellows' duarterly- Magazine ) ! ,. ".-He- congratulated, -the brethren on. belonging, to th is excellent. Order, of union- and, peace i-.for/ it -was perfectly lamentable to see how mankind were set against each other— to see with what bitter .animosity, different sec tions regarded each other. . It was (the grand -design? of religion, to unite men of all: shades, and to Bring them into one family ; there was, therefore, a; double credit due to. this ;Ordcr, for it effected, this desirable object, and alleviated distress at ,the. same time. ; Should he- hate a brother because his, face was not like-his own — because his mind was not cast- in the same. mould? Ho,! mankind could.not all think.alike on. all matters, and therefore, some, great means should be adopted of bringing them together- upomsome, point, where, they could agrefe, and go hand in hand. He admired their principle. of, admitting, all, creeds and all.sectionsj'for the ignorance which, had existed>as:to the qualities of bach, , arose mainly from the want of intercourse -with each other. He remembered .that when our army besieged Salamanca, the collegians, had an idea that all Protestants were cloyen-footed devils ; ,but.on meet ing them, to their, great surprise,, they found, their feet made like their own-r-in fact, that they were men like' themselves, with only a few points of difference ofcreed. So with all .classes— when brought into contact, they, learn that they can no longer reasonably he at such variance; 'You Odd' Fellows,' said the reverend Bpeaker, ' all are -enemies !— of what ?. Bigotry ! ' Thirty years ago; 'when I' preached to the Missionary Delegates, composed of about 300 ministers from all' parts/a gentleman said; '.bigotry is dead and buried ; " but I regret to say, that a ghost' of. bigotry exists in' iWales, and it has also been flitting about in this'parish but your Order has to-day put' it to the blush. I re- peat my 'congratulations to you upon your principles, and wish you long life and happiness. — Rev . RS Whit- tingham's speech, at Potton . " ; . 