P O L I C E RE P O R T . Since resuming our attendance at the Police office there have been few cases (beyond those noticed in onr local columns), of interest. We do not know whether it may be attributed to the spread of temperance principles, or an increased influence of the Tee-total Society, but the fact ia there hat been lately a diminution in the average number of " lushingtonsbrought before the bench. ' OB Wednesday Ellen Beckett, t.l., and John Connolly, * probationer, mere brought up, th^ latter charged hy constable Goldsmith with beta; absent from his authorised place of abode, and (he woman with harbouring him at a bouse she occupies in Baynton's buildings. It appeared that the woman "younir in years but old in vife," having by her confirmed habits of drunkenness and dissipation, completely ruined her husband, a decent looking man who was 'present, has become enamoured of Connolly, a shock-headed tall raw-boned fellow, with the ugliest arid most ill-favoured phvzog. we ever remember to have looked upon. When the constables knocked at the door, some cunfusioo was heard inside, and on effecting an entrance the woman was found in bed vtith another man aud woman. Connolly was lying on a mattress with the female prisoner's clothes thrown over him, which Helen said she placed there to keep him warm,outof pure compassion, as there was neither blanket or rug. Mr. Price said the fellow should at least have A rug to his matintss for sometime,and sentenced him to three months' on the roads, and ihe woman to three months' at the wash lub William Junes, a Pcntonville probationer, was sentenced to fourteen days' hard labour, on a t'.harge preferred by Mr. Holland, Superintendent of the Campbell street hiring depot, for selling his fftnnel, und other necessaries supplied to hira before being sent out to this colony. It appears that this is a very common offence with the youngsters. Benjamin Stanton, a pass holder, was sentenced to twelve months' hard labour at Port Ar<hur, for endeavouring tn escape from the colony under the following circumstances:— Stanton had been, for some lime, in theemploy of Mr. Alexander, shoe maker, who, with his wife and family, had takpn their passage for Adelaide, on board the Abcona. Stanton, whilst the necessary preparations for departure were going on, was transferred by Alexander to the service of Mr. Elliott, of the domain Siantun bolted from Mr. Elliott's service on Monday, but who had neglected to report him at the Police office.—Resident District Constable Watson, accompanied by constable Thomas Field, went on board the Aieona (o muster the passengers, and over-haul the special clearances. Among the certificates of freedom was one purporting to be that of " Thomas Neal," in which name the prisoner Stanton was about to leave the colony as servant io Alexander. The officers expressed their suspicion that all was not right, more especially as no such person as 11 iVeal" attended muster. A search was made on board the vessel, but at first without effect. The vessel was detained a couple of liouis in the stream, and it was not until Alexander was informed that himself and family must accompany the constables on shore, that Alexander called Stanton from his hiding. The appearand, and marks of the prisoner were computed with ihe description on the " false t ertifiate," and in several respects they corresponded But the experienced officer, were " loo knowing," to Port Arthur. Several similar attempts ol j deception by false certificates have been pre- [ vented by District Watson and constable field, ! on former occasions; on them the peculiar duty j devolves of visiting vessels about to leave v. itli passengers for the neighbouring colonies, and most vigilantly and efficiently is tliut duty per- ! formed. Arthur Gearish, n third class pass holder, (who would make an excellent representative of the starved npolliecary in Romeo and Juliet), was charged by constable Greentree with having been found drunk on the previous day, spending bis maker's money. Frederick Chadwick (a fine youth, son of Mr. Chuduiik, overseer at Brown's River station), Je;infed lha!, on the previous day, Ins falhf-r had sent the prisoner and him.ell to town with a cheque for £5 ndd, and directions to make some purchases. Whilst transacting their business, Gearish contrived to get possession of Ihe greater purl of the cash, and walked into a public bouse, where lie begun to " fl irt up '* with it, getting drunk sp«edilv himself,endtreatingthecompany. The witness demanded the money, but Gearish replied, " I wish you may gel it," end threatened he would cut the youth's ihroat as they went home if he humbugged him. The boy then went out for a nonstable, anil met with constable Grcenlree. Geari-h (a mere ghost of a feliow), shewed fuht both in the puh ic house Hnd at the waich house, swearing he would not give the money up to any b—y trap Mr Price observed il.at the youth had acted very properly in iheufTiir, and sentenced Gearish to three inonilis' on the wis. Joe Wilks, a hawker of fish, was charged with having, on ihe previous evening, ussau ted a female by throwing a bundle at her. Defendant called Jin Graham, who had also been locked up in the cUssic cells of bird-cage walk. It appeared that Joe and Jim, heing delighted with something tliey had read about " Guld Ireland mid Dan O'Connell," got glorious together, and then became uproarious in the street. An altercation arose between Joe and the woman; the latter called htm a " mis-mannered spooney," upon which Joe bestowed upon her the epithet of a 1, basle-ess," and threw a bundle, containing his unmentionables and sundry other articles, at her head, Jim Graham, in a rich Irish brogue, related all the " particulars." It appeared that four of them, alter draining sundry pots of heavy wet to the honour of " ould Ireland for ever," and Ihe " Liberator" for a day longer, abandoned the *pois' and betook themselves to 'pints' ofthecrBlur. The result need not be told. Joe was ordered to pay 5s for it. 