THE MARCH OF CIVILIZATION, OR , NEWS FROM AUSTRALIA. (From the Illuminated Magazine.) Far to the East, where once Aurora's unities Looked on an archipelago of isles And coral banks uproar d their glittering for me, Like spots of azure in a sky of storms ; Where many a ship has sailed the foamy brine, Sits a vast continent upon the Line ; Back from her strand the troubled ocean rolls And points with eager finger to the Poles ! T. E. Jlerveu. This title have we given to sundry speculations that have been suggested by a file of recent Sydney papers, which have just (as they say in I Change Alley) come to hand If the refuse ments, elegancies, and growing tastes of a peo- j pie are evidence of civilization, ample proofs | are afforded of it by these broad sheets and if it be equally true, that the progress of society may be traced by its darker attributes the deep shadings of vice and depravity as the correctest outlines of the human countenance are traced by the shadow of its profile- we have by the same medium " confirmation strong." A newspaper is at all times an epitome of life. The joys, sorrows, pangs, and pleasantries, of human nature are there crowded in one picture. The same Gazette records the prosperity of one, and the bankruptcy of another; the "ups of the favourite of Fortune, and the "downs" of her rejected. There is scarcely alinebetween " births" and deaths :" and " marriages" seem only a connecting link between the two. The same page that records the struggles of an empire, details the catastrophe of a convicted thief True to life, a newspaper, like the day of its publication, | slips through our lingers, and Becomes, in the picturesque words of dear old Jeremy Taylor, of " the portion of weeds and worn out faces," without one event clinging to our memory, or I escaping from all Absorbing oblivion. Newspapers like the days of which they are the I " brief chronicles," become of the past, before we are fully conscious that they are present and so will it be until both shall have an end: for when there shall be no future, the past will need no historian. Put away thy musty times, on, philosopher ! and abandon thy hermitage if thou wouldst study man in all the wondrous intricacies of his nature-if thou would read the chart of life aright-go to the newspaper, there is in is varied columns matter enough for the profoundest of thy speculations food sufficient for thy hungriest cravings into the origin of good and evil. Lively, however, are the suggestions afforded by a file of papers from a rising colony, combining, as the worthy folks who manufacture the Penny Magazine profess to do, " amusement with edification." There is a jumble of the very smallest with the " very latest news, which has a striking and yet perplexing effect. But then, the wants, vanities, and allurements of life, us they are so happily displayed in the columns of the advertisements, suggest but little if any difference to the broad sheets of our own native journals. There is unfortunately the same prolific crop of " accidents and offences," and " coroners' inquests," which invariably meet our eyes in the newspapers at home conveying the wholesome truth that crime and sorrow, whether they travel at home or abroad, generally go hand-in-hand, or if not, that they tend very closely on each other's footsteps,-" police reports ' are by no means ! supplied with a thrifty hand, and " law cases" are just as dry and uninteresting as if they came direct from Westminster Hall. Tinware may go on quietly skimming over the columns under the delusion that we are reading our accustomed morning paper, until the delusion is dispelled by some out-of-the-way expression of, or relating to, " iron gang chains," or ticket-of-leave men," and are transported to Botany Bay at the rate of fifteen thousand miles a second. Thus, too, under the head of " Latest News," were taken in with an extraordinary event which had happened some ten or twelve months previously. For instance, in the papers before us are the novel and interesting facts respecting the ceremony of the christening of the Prince of Wales, given as if they had only occurred the day before yesterday. This is a new method of embalming ! the news to us of the baptism of the young heir to the throne is just as much a matter of history as that of Edward the Black Prince's. There is another provoking characteristic of a colonial newspaper. Madeira is said to be improved by a voyage to the East Indies, and by the same rule, we presume, wit is also the better for being sent on his travels! Some joke, perhaps, which our lively friend Punch has given birth to, and which the "Thunderer" of Printing-house Square really think good enough for his columns, astonishes the town some morning, pierces the dull heart of the city, and sheds its momentary ray of life on the care-worn faces on 'Change, or even circulates briskly through the equally dense atmosphere of Westminster Hall. The same afternoon it shines like a constellation in the misty dulness of the evening papers; then illumines the awful darkness of a twice or thrice a week paper, and after undergoing that 01 deal, without actual evaporation, it shines forth again in all the lustre that the Sun day papers can bestow. Then it takes its course free gratis for nothing through the provinces, and not a country paper but what finds a book for our old acquaintance. When at last it has run its race-when all the papers, metropolitan and provincial, have successively I pressed it into their service, and the worn and threadbare joke is quietly " laid," never, as we fondly imagined, to visit us again to and be- hold from the columns of some colonial newspaper, some eight or ten months after, we be- hold its venerable but intrusive face, smirking like its namesake Old Joe as he was wont to salute his Christmas audiences already grinning in anticipation-with "Here him, you see!" Bewildered at the apparition of your ancient enemy, which, in the weakness of our judgment, we thought, like the Cock Lane ghost, was laid for ever, we groan with the persecuted French- man Began, hero's Monsieur Tonson come again." There are few things that give us a better idea of the wants, tastes, and pursuits of a people, than those humble, but faithful reflec- tions, the advertisements in their domestic journals. We are supplied with a fund of thought and pregnant fancy, by some of those before us. At random, we will take a glance. The first that meets our eye are some cabalistic signs of masonry :-" Brothers H. Watts and A. Cohen" inform all the world, and the masonic part in particular, " that the lodges of 518 and 260 dine together," on a day twice mentioned,-" tickets five-and-twenty shillings each !" What greater proof, we should like to know, would you require of the " march of civilization," than that people living from fifteen to seventeen thousand miles apart from us, can give one pound live for their dinner? This beats the Crown and Anchor; and the Freemasons' Tavern must look to it ! But what proof, exclaims some dyspeptic reader, is the price which a gourmand pays for his dinner of the advancement of the mind? The r roper estimation of a good dinner, we hold to be a good proof of high civilization. But if you must have purely intellectual enjoy- ments, here is for you :-" A vocal and instrumental concert, under the patronage of Lady Gipps, who has signified her intention of being present." Yes, Lady Gipps is to be there; and there's not the slightest occasion for your elevating your eye-brows in that incredulous manner and she is a Anna We lady, an importation of aristocracy from the mother country (the only imports, by the way, they have not a glut of just at present) and will most likely give herself, in all lady patronesses generally do, as many airs as the singers give the audience. Only listen to the " programme," currency lasses. English, We have no doubt, is voted there as low as we hear it in Park Lane, or Belgrave Square. " Overture La Gazza Ladin,' which in Sydney passes for choice Italian, and stands godfather for " La versa Ladra." " Cavatina-. Vivi to,' Miss Wallace." Rubini will astonish the natives with, should he ever pay a visit to New South Wales and even Costa is a familiar name with them ! Nor do the fashionables of Sydney content themselves with one of the fine arts: the votaries of Terpsichore are equally aspiring. Thus, on Thursday, the 24th of May, being the anniversary of our Most Gracious Queen Victoria, (we are glad to think, with the Pacific rolling between us and our Sydney brother subjects, that the Queen's birthday is not forgotten),-" a fancy dress ball was to be given " in commemoration of the auspicious event." A "professional gentleman" (we wonder which profession, law, physic, or divinity ?) was to attend as master of the cere- monies, the whole under the superintendence of Mr. Sippe. All honour to Mr. Sippe " Single tickets, one guinea each rebut mark the gallantry of the economical arrangement that follows ;-" double tickets to admit a lady and gentleman, one pound eleven shillings and sixpence" ! What a delicate compliment to the sex- taking them in at half price ! What an encouragement to the married gentry to show a little of their former gallantry to their wives ! And what a severe rub to the old bachelors, making them pay just five shillings and three-pence more in proportion for their privilege of single blessedness-twenty-five per cent, according to Cocker ! As an adjunct to this advertisement, we find another, which runs thus: " Cocked Hat!!!" (The triple notes of admiration are faithfully transcribed. " A few superior London-made cocked hats may be had at J G. Maelzcr's, George- street." We trust for the sake of the enterprising importer, that the heavens, being well cooked, did not fail to go off ! Conviviality is also on the rise, another proof of the stride of civilization " The independent order of Odd Fellows are requested to meet at the lodge, on business of importance." What business of importance can Odd Fellows have, we wonder ? Nothing less stupendous, than brother Joltman smutting brother Hig ginbottom's face with a burnt cork, or brother Doleful putting a little pepper in his neighbour's rapped. Be this as it may, if we ever go (or what is more likely, if we are ever sent) to Botany Bay, we shall give the lodge of Old Fellows a look in, and claim admittance as an honorary member ! But what have we next something really too good to abridge, we must give it therefore entire: - "Pito Bono Publico. Stiffens, undertaker, having adapted a most handsome chariot into a comfortable mourning coach, hopes that those persons who, in the order of Divine Providence, should require the same, will be pleased to favour him with their orders. Long live the Queen ! - N B.-Two apprentices wanted." This is a bonne b niche, too good to swallow at one taste, we must nibble at it a little. What a lesson does the Australian advertiser read us on the vanity of human affairs, when he converts " a most handsome chariot" into a " comfortable mourning coach ;" and invites our universal attention to the fact, with the commencing " Pro Bono Publico !" Ought not the public to feel particularly grateful for this delicate provision for its possible needs and requirements ? And then, too, what an ingenious hope is that on behalf of " those persons rate, in the order of Divine Providence, should require the same, will be pleased to send their order, is." Happy privilege, " to shuffle off this mortal coil," in the capital of New South Wales, with the aid of a Stiffens to carry your hat wishes into execution ; where every defunct, having neglected to give his funeral directions in his last will and testament, may order his own burial, select his own feathers, pall, and prancing long-tailed steeds, to carry him to his island home, and pick out the longest visaged mutes, and give his own personal directions for preserving their BOAn who is there that does not admire the loyal conclusion, "LongBvethe Queen-st ' wish that must be considered exceedingly dis- interested when expressed by an undertaker, e who possibly sees no objection to her Majesty living, while her subjects die as usual, for the good of trade. But finis coronal opus ;" and what a delicious finds it is, too, the note here at the end: N. B. Two apprentices wanted." This is in the same fine spirit of practical philosophy as the body of the advertisement, and is intended doubtless to illustrate the necessity of attending to our worldly wants, even in the most afflicting of our spiritual trials. Here is another staggering proof of the march of civilization :-"Spllmuu Oil Paintings. Ex Mary Ann, on sale by private contract, by the undersigned, a few splendid oil paintings, by Stanfield, Turner, Corbould, Owen, Cooper, and Landseer's. Polack." Bravo ! Citizens, denizens of New South Wales ; this shipment speaks well of your judgment and discrimination. And, bravo ! too, Stanfield, Turner, Corbould, Owen, Cooper, and Landseer ! Your time has spread to the antipodes ; other canvas than that which swells with the breeze has been wafted over the Pa- cific the canvas of glorious art, instinct with the life of the imagination ! But, gently ; what have we in the very next columnists if to bring us to our soberer senses." A large quantity of Japan Blacking, from the renowned establishment in London, of Day and Martin !" Surely, surely, ye caterers of Sydney taste, we could have done without (his proof of the polished state of the Sydney understanding. We can only read the titles of the following but which, as titles ought to do, suggest each in itself a volume. " Steam Engines for Sale," -" Prepared Canvas for Oil Paintings," " Sydney and Asiatic Union Club,"-" New Theatre, eligible investment,"-" Maitland Races,"-*' French Wines imported from Bor- deaux,"-" Public Notice, Regatta !"-" Carriage Horses for Sale,"-" Splendid London built Carriages,"-" Printed Forms of Bills of Cossins' Statue in Honour of Sir Richard Bourke,"-"Bankof Australia,"-Australasian Floral and Horticultural Association,"-" St. John's Total Abstinence Association." Putting aside the " Printed Forms of Bills of Costs," although we are inclined to think they are a significant proof of the luxury of the land, we ask, what can be more gratifying than these abundant testimonials of the utile with the duke, where taste seems the natural consequence of wealth, and elegance the unfailing reward of industry ? We lay stress on these artificial re- finements of life, not that they are important in themselves, but that they suggest reflections that are of the last importance to the philosopher and philanthropist. We have been long accustomed to consider New South Wales, either as a banishment for incorrigible ruffians, or the home of a race of rude barbarians. Have we not, however, before us indubitable evidence, that there is the same relish and demand for all the elegancies and refinements of society, as, the most civilized cities in Europe can crave for Here are club houses, theatres, concerts, and ball rooms, regattas, horse-races, cricket matches, and splendid equipages for the rich and idle ; Bible-meetings, total abstinence societies, and charity sermons " for those who like them ;" statues and pictures for the man of taste or, a much more numerous class, those who think themselves such ; " patent leather for the dandies; " French stays" for the ladies ; banks for the merchant, landed in Testament for the capitalist ; all, in fact, that people can't do without besides that forms a much greater and more expensive catalogue every thing which they can do without. Not only have the fine arts taken root in Australia, but literature is beginning to lift its beautiful head from the native soil. At present, that delicate plant must be considered more an exotic than an indigenous production; and therefore we may overlook a little forcing in the form of push some of which, however, would not do discredit to the green-house of New Burlington-street, or to even that great horticulturist of the Parnassian groves, Colburn tionecr'B flaming announcements, we should be giving another proof of the affluence and poetical variety of our mother tongue ; but by doing so, we feel satisfied that we should be depriving, for ever afterwards, our readers of one of their greatest enjoyments-the perusal of George Robinx'g advertisements In a word, the Sydney one out-Robins Robins ! Enough, however, of this trifling, and let us turn to more serious demonstrations in these journals, opening, as they do, a new world for thought and meditation. in the Australia of the 22nd of May, is the Annual Report of the Sydney College ;" another gratifying illustra- tion of the increasing prosperity and intellectual advancement of the colony. " It requires (the Committee say, and we echo after them, but little exertion of the imagination to view the Sydney College at no distant date, pouring forth from its portals, our future judges, legislators, and rulers ; our heroes (if we should ever be so unfortunate as to require their aid) our bards, historians, and our future men of science, of literature, and piety." And, truly, this date does not appear far removed from the present period, judging from the course of instruction pursued and the importance and facilities bestowed on those studies, which elevate the mind, and fit it for its noblest enjoyments. With this evident proof of the work of intellectual cultivation going on spontaneously in our do pendencies, we are not without some ground for apprehension, that they " who order those things" in the mother country, will find out that they must not insult the growing intelligence of a rising colony, by sending out imbecile or tyrannic governors to preside over their destinies, or under headed judges and attorney generals, whose only fitness for the exercise of their profession abroad appears to be the impossibility of their getting bread and cheese by it at home ! We do not aim by these remarks at the functionaries of Sydney, but generally at the description of men who have usually found favour in the eyes of the Colonial Office. Government, respect to its foreign appointments, seems to act pretty well in the same spirit as private families, which, if they happen to be cursed with particularly idle or good-for-nothing sons or descendants, generally send them on their travels ; a sea voyage and a change of climate, working as great a change in the moral and intellectual attributes, as it has the credit of doing in the physical constitution. Let, however, the colonial officials read the above extract, and we will venture to affirm that they will come to the conclusion, that, unless they expon better articles, the home made manufacture will very shortly beat them out of the field There is another important feature in the rising fortunes of this colony it has, like Canada, in " Legislative Council," a house of Representative, or " Collective Wisdom." Whether we may congratulate our brother Australian subjects in having a House of Commons, it is unnecessary here to determine, our business is merely to show that they debate, and make speeches in the most orthodox mon her, and have of course a government party, which, like parties in a more experienced, but we will not hay better regulated assembly, not to be named without the risk of Newgate, acts in the most direct spirit of contradiction. Whatever one side of the house I lopOKCt all the "wheat, virtuous!, dit>cK'tc=t, bill," is sure to be denounced by the other side as the stupidest, absurd est, foolishest, worst. Can anything, we lisle, be more Uko things at " home ? Bills are turned into Acts of Parliament, with as much facility, and a little more i. expedition, as in a certain other law-making \- establishment; and if long speechifying be a marie of vxtiemecnilizauon, the Sydney Lrgis "they- can before it At a usual t sequence of his; ins; in 6 hr 4 liamen*,Mh'» »A<,nhy electors of- ; i'.ii-i'i<,>lly reminded (if their (reach? by the bathing in changes of a funeral election. The papers of July last are full of the details of a content that took place in the early part of that month. Those who are partial to the good old times," said Manner. ancient customs kept up, will be delighted to hear that party- spirit does not sink down to 7.1 to on the other side of the globe. '3,'ncrjÇ'is such a characteristic account of one of the so i > issue, of the Milk mine), h which -HUMUS v iM«r<jrtlv$ vii!. of units in urging, that the military were called out, the Riot Act read, and as many heads broken, and bludgeons shattered, as if the scene had occurred within I i a hundred miles of St. Stephen's Chapel, that we must give a short account of it But pre i vious to doing so, ' we shall select from the speeches of one of the candidates-we ' ' need scarcely say the successful one-for ' there is a genuine John Bull flavour about it that tells you at once the speaker was as he 1 professed sober man of few words and, if he had never " made" a speech before, this is the very kind of thing we should have expected from him :-' " Mr. Condell then addressed the electors as fellows : Gentlemen, you all know I am no orator ; but as I have not come here of my own choice, but in compliance with the wishes of a large majority of my fellow-citizens, you must take me as I am, and give me credit for an earnest desire to do you all the service I can. I yield to no man in this and, therefore, although I may, not be an able speaker, you will always find me an honest independent voter, whenever the interests of this province are at stake. Gentlemen, I cannot pretend to have gofa pass key to the Governor's closet, or a ticket of admission to his back door ; I have never liked back doors all my life-the front door for me, or none at all. Gentlemen, I am for separation, speedy and entire separa- tion,' from New South Wales, and a Government of our own in Melbourne. Look at the streets of Melbourne, and our poverty-stricken Corporation, and tell me if we can do without separation any longer. Gentlemen, I am for the general education of the people, and then we shall be able to live peaceably and quietly, and have neither club-law"'nor mob-law ; we have had too much of that already. Gentlemen, I am for immigration into Port Phillip with Port Phillip money. Let the Sydney folks find funds and immigrants for themselves. Gentlemen, they tell you I am a brewer. It is quite true and I think we have brewed them the bitterest beer they have ever drunk in their lives. It is all bitter, but no hopes. of We suspect a pun on hops was insinuated here ; but the attempt was of too audacious a character to be boldly made.] Gentlemen, I thank you for the honour you have done me, I trust to your support on Saturday." We will now borrow the following account of the election, from which it will be seen that the constituencies in New South Wales understand to perfection the art of '. getting up a row." "Boeouoh of Melbourne.-The election for the borough of Melbourne took place on Saturday, June 17th. The polling commenced at nine o'clock precisely, in all the four wards. During the day the greatest excitement prevailed throughout the town, each party endeavouring by the most energetic measures to carry off the election in favour of their particular candidate. Late in the day, when it became apparent that Mr. Curr was so far behind as to render all probability of success hopeless, several of the voters on both sides were intimidated and threatened before polling, and openly insulted afterwards. It was understood that the final state of the poll would be declared in the open space in front of the Mechanics' Institute, to which place a large assemblage of people repaired, and attempted to enter the building ; but this was prevented. A sharp conflict, however, took place between the populace and a party of special constables, but nothing serious occurred. Soon after the Police Magistrate arrived on the spot, and subsequently Mr. Dance and a party of mounted police, and the Police Magistrate then read the Riot Act, when the policemen unsheathed their swords, though several attempts were made by the crowd to unhorse some of the police, the latter did not use their swords with any degree of violence. After a short interval the fighting in front of the door ceased, and Mr. Curr appeared at one of the windows, and advised the people to disperse, as the state of the poll would be declared on Monday. After some time the rioters gradually dispersed of their own accord, in knots of from fifty to one hundred each. One party proceeded to Mr Young's shop in Collins street, the windows of which they smashed, and otherwise did considerable damage. Mr. Williamson's shop was also attacked, but not seriously damaged, and a stone of several pounds weight and other missiles were thrown through the door of the Imperial Inn. The home was also attacKed ; several shots were fired by- the inmates, and twoindividuols were wounded. The military soon after arrived under the command of Captain Lewis, who, with the Police Magistrate, mounted police, and the constabulary, succeeded in dispersing the rioters and restoring order. Mr Green was taken to the watch-house, and although several persons wished to bail him out, the Police Magistrate did not think it prudent to comply. The Mayor's house was also attacked, but assistance being procured, no damage was done. Mr. Captain's house was also attacked, and the windows smashed. By eight o'clock in the evening, however, tranquillity was restored." While on this topic, we cannot resist the inclination of selecting from the same channel a short correspondence which appears to us deserving of a more permanent record than the columns of a colonial journal, from which we have taken it, the Maitland Mercury of the 15th July, 1843. We give it as an instance of pure and noble independence, and without know- ing, or indeed eating for, anything of the political sentiments of the gentleman on whom it reflects so much honour. From what we can understand of the coasting tution of the Sydney Legislative Council, the Goverment must have the power of selecting twelve nominees as members holding seats, as formerly (and for ought we know still our own Government had certain nomination boroughs, which were notoriously filled up by their own members or supporters. It seems that a Mr. James Macarthur being a candidate for the late Cumberland New South Wales) election, was defeated by the popular candidate, upon which His Excellency the Governor addressed him the following letter : " Dear Sir-This unexpected result of the Cumberland election induces me to ask you, as a member of the old Council, whether it would be agreeable to you to enter the new one as a nominee of the Crown, one seat being still at my disposal. " Very faithfully yours, Church Gipps. " James Macarthur, Esq. The following is Mr. Macarthur's reply, which evinces as beautiful an instance of self denial and elevated principle, as would shed a lustre on the name of a Fox, a Burke, or a Romilly : " Parramatta, July 5, 1843. Dear Sirs-I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your Excellency's obliging communication of this date. "The result of the Cumberland election, however unexpected by your Excellency, in common as I believe with a large portion of the public, is one which, as a public contingency, I have frequently contemplated. " With every desire to aid the Government by a faithful discharge of any public duty intrusted to me, I can have no hesitation in declining the seat in the New Legislative Council, which your Excellency has been pleaded in so kind a manner to offer me, because I do not feel that after, having been rejected by a popular constituency, I could act as a nominee of the Crown, either with advantage to the public or satisfaction to myself. "I have the honour to be, Sir, your Excellency's faithful and obedient servant, James MAfAitTiiim. " His Excellency Sir George- Gipps, c, c, ka." If this note had been addressed to Sir Robert Walpole, or some more modern premier, we think he might have pooh poohed the scruples of the writer, and quoted some very great names indeed, who, after being most ignominiously defeated on the hustings, had very complacently sneaked into the house by a rotten hough like a sorry cur, who, after being kicked away from the entrance hall, chiefs Iii, way into the house by the back door. But we are treading on forbidden ground, and shall therefore leave politics to those who are fond of fishing in troubled waters there is another subject fruitful in itself and most important in its result, but which, in these days of polemical bent and controversy, we must put our blinkers on I before we attempt to pass it The Church. There", we need hardly say, a Church club- i Lithuania t .:yil:i j, with a Bikhcp at the least of it. he a received Sydney journals, we see an interesting account of the laying of the founda- tion stone of a new church. Like one who has been toiling up a steep eminence, and when he has nearly gained the top, turns round and looks behind him on the ground he has gone over, let us turn back after viewing the height to which, in the progress of refinement, Australia has already climbed, to what' she was " sixty years since." In the language of one of the tenderest and most taste- ful of our modern bards (T. E. Hervey), we are thus corroborated : "Upon the close of the American war, in 1780, V. tany Bay was chosen as a proper place of transportation for criminals. Of those who took part in the debates upon that question, the more illiberal and narrow minded, unaccustomed to extended and philanthropic views of human nature, ridiculed the strong colours in which its advocates painted the future condition of a nation which was to be the offspring of crime, and were alike sceptical as to the possibility of reclaiming the natives from darkness, and the colony from guilt and uniting them in social ties, and by social interests. The subject was one which afforded ample materials for ridicule to those who love better to rail than to reason : but nearly half a century has since elapsed. The colony (which was shortly afterwards removed to Sydney Cove, on the south side of Port Jackson is in a condition to justify the expectations which were formed of it the moral and natural soils have been found alike fitted to re- pay the labours of European cultivation, and the author exposes himself to slight danger of contempt, in drawing a picture so warm and enthusiastic as that in which he has ventured to prefigure the possible greatness of Australia's Since the above was written, Australia has seen better, and even worse days than her sanguine supporters could have imagined, or her most incredulous deciders could have had the hardihood to predict. Her commercial prosperity rose to a dizzy height, u reaction followed, from which she is as yet but slowly recovering. Intemperate speculation, the usual result of successful and more prudent enterprise, led to severe reverses ; but a nation (particularly a young colony) may be, like the human body, too well there is a" something highly threatening in a very robust state of health ; bleeding, and a reduction of the system is the course usually prescribed under such circumstances and through that course Australia has been saved from the usual consequences of a plethora. We are glad to perceive that the hopes of the colonists are reviving, and by means too that will excite a smile. The great exports of New South Wales are wool and sheep. Wool has, however, depreciated in price, but a new channel of wealth has appeared ; the Sydney agriculturists may well say " reversions à nos reasons," for it is to the motions they are indebted, for it. We shall not, like the Maitland editor, " indulge in useful reflections and delightful anticipations, which this new resource so plentifully suggests," but content ourselves with stating, that instead of shearing the sheep, they now boil him down for tallow. The following little bit concludes with such a charm- ing aphorism that we cannot omit it. " We would say to the settlers, then use the golden opportunity of bettering your circumstances, which has so miraculously turned up-use it thankfully-use it promptly-but use it ad- visedly, and with moderation. A sheep shorn may live to be shorn again ; but a sheep boiled is gone for ever." We shall have our own " delightful anticipa- tions on this new discovery, and that is its influence on those indispensable accessories of domestic life long fours," and short sixes." Thus have we endeavoured to sketch the progress of our colonies and we shall soon feel them, if we don't mend our own pace, treading on our own heels. Like an overgrown boy who has always been treated by his mother as a baby, she suddenly discovers that little Johnny is almost as big as herself, and, from the knocks and bumps? he occasionally gives her, almost as strong. The old lady views the stripling by her side with some serious misgivings, and thinks it time " to do something for the youngster," or the youngster may feel disposed to do something for himself. The young gentleman really " begins to think him 8s)ipiii4p. a.itßC' ,?R4v}Qak/ "witi\\..J.o/¿x..f.ori-. present of, although, it was a set of bran-new soldiers with red coats, with an interesting assortment of whips and guns; he will be no longer pacified with such pretty play things as used formerly to stop his mouth, and has recently evinced symptoms of " rebellion," and insubordination of a most decided character; besides an independence of acting and thinking quite distressing to the old lady's nerves. Does old mother England take the hint ? Will she allow us to remind her that she has been already deprived of one of the most thriving of her boats, Miss Columbia, whom she snubbed as a child, till the young lady made a bolt of it one fine morning and she may rely on it, some of the bold hussey's younger sisters will, if she does not manage them better, be following the bad example. Gentle reader, hold with us but a little longer we are not going to inflict on you a chapter of colonial policy, although we have reason to believe that such a topic would not at the present time be out of place. The English people are now beginning to think that their colonies are worth their regard ; they don't at all relish the idea of the Russian bear putting his paw upon the East Indies and they have not the slightest wish, at present, that the West, or Canada, should form part of the United States. We have no apprehension ourselves of either of these events, but rather hope that England will herself discover that if she will preserve her empire, her colonies must not be disregarded. May her government of them be that mild parental control, which, instead of disuniting its offspring by unsym- pathising coolness and proud restraint, draws it to its maternal breast by kindly nurture and cherishing fondness. To conclude with the subject with which we commenced,' the rise and progress of this colony under all the fearful disadvantages with which it has had to contend-of mismanage- ment from incompetent Governors, a felon population, and being made the depot of an overfed market, is as creditable to its own resources as it is satisfactory to the mother country. We have seen that, little more than fifty years, since, this beautiful and almost boundless territory-for its extent is not yet even fully discovered, now so replete with the graces and elegances of life, was an uncultivated desert, or, to adopt its home-bred phrase, " a bush." The solitary kangaroo, or the coarse savage, a thousand times more brutish and intractable in his nature, for here While along creation music ran, She placed no echo in the heart of man, its only inhabitant and the first traces of civilization spread by the very off-scourings of London vice and depravity. And now! may notanEnglishman point to it with pride and ex- station as a proof of what English energy has accomplished, and what English industry can do? Into its beautiful harbours ships are pouring from each country of the civilized globe, while from them as many more are departing, freighted with the rich products of her natural wealth and industry. Here is food too for the philosopher as well as the patriot ! What though upwards of fifteen thousand miles and mighty oceans intervene between Australia and her dependency, English feelings, English objects, and English pursuits, there predo- minate her influence creates her power commands, the same tastes treading, the same topics exciting, and the same mother words -lisped, as in her own infant cradles. From the same alters the same creed is acknowledged, and at the same throne of grace the Great Dispenser of allwood is supplicated in the same prayers. The great cities of the earth have passed away, " and made no signs," the scholar and the antiquary cannot even agree as to their sites The glory is departed from Athens, and Rome j is her own melancholy monument. May not England anticipate the same doom r May not the capital of the world share the same fate as j prouder capitals have before her? May not our prolific soil be exhausted, the seat of our I manufactures be removed, the resources of our national wealth be dried up or exhausted? j Yls, as far as this small plot of cor th soon I cerned. But what is to prevent her empire | over the sea being maintained in a wider field ' I for action-, when" her c:". races will have v. boldly r and freer scope : i e Vide Preface to '. Austral! in, and other Poems," by ; Thomas 13\. Hervey, London, 1821. What though the temple from its base decline? Its hallow" d things may deck another shrine. What though thou perish on the northern wave î Thy phoenix spirit shall escape the grave 1 Thy Name shall mock the wasting flood of years "Worlds are thy children, continents thy heirs. I see them in the east, and in the west, Wherever the ocean leaves her troubled breast : Wide o'er the regions of the setting sun, Where mighty streams through vast savannahs run ; 'Mid woods coeval with the lands they shade. And bright-wing'd birds in every sunny glade; 'Mid lakes whose deeps the plummer's search defy, And hills that hide their summits in the sky ; Where to the wandering 0) of a world appears, Velled in the mystery of four thousand years I see thy children's children spread afar, And gather up thy arts of peace and war. T. li. Hereof s Australia. Yes ! it needs no great stretch of the imagina- tion, to prefigure the seat of the English empire removed to a country already its own adopted child, almost boundless in extent, the parts already discovered being nearly as large as the whole continent of Europe, forming, as it does, a portion of the globe already too unwieldy to be placed within any of its former divisions, and demanding one for itself alone. With every capability of soil and climate in general, nearer to her other dependencies, including Canada, both the Indies, the Oriental Archipelago, those numerous islands in Polynesia, in the Pacific Ocean, Van Diemen's Land, New Zealand, from which it is barely separated, and in all of which civilisation is not only dawning, but its sun has almost risen, all re- volving like satellites around the star of nations Australia may be considered as that part of the British empire which the prophetic eye regards as the future seat of English power. Great Britain may become classic ground, and, centuries hence, pilgrims may wander over the deserted and moss-grown streets of London ; yet what patriot would feel his amor patria wounded in the foreknowledge that the sun of English power may set in its present northern sphere to rise again in the east, in another region, not less English because mighty oceans divides it from the maternal soil. These are speculations, wcudmit,-that they are wild or premature wo denying they suggest mighty considerations, of which the ultimate fate of a great nation-the most powerful under heaven-is the chief. 