PARTT v. BENNETT. This action was tried in the Court of Exche- quer on the 15th May last. The defendant pleaded two pleas: the first denying the pro- mise alleged in the declaration ; and the se- cond plea stated, that after the making of the promise alleged in the declaration, the defen- dant discovered that the plaintiff had conduc- ted herself in a lewd, immodest, and improper manner, and for that reason refused to fulfil his promise. Mr Cockburn (with whom was Mr Smith), in opening the plaintiff's case, stated that she was the daughter of a person now advanced in years, who was for a great period of his life the foreman of Mr Bailey, an eminent upholsterer, who carried on business in Mount-street, Grosvenor- square. The plaintiff's mother was a dressmaker, and taught her daughter the business. The mother died in 1838, the father became too old to continue in employment, and Miss Pratt then commenced the business of a dressmaker herself, by means of which she had since supported her father and herself, and contrived to get a very respectable livelihood by her labour. After her mother's death, the plaintiff fell into a very delicate state of health, and was asked for the benefit of her health on a visit to a family named Strong, who lived in Sussex, not very far from Horsham. At Mr Strong's the plaintiff met for the first time with Mr George Bennett, the defendant, who was the son of a person who farmed a large track of land near St. Leonard's Forest, and lived with his father. Mr Geo. Bennett, very shortly after the introduction, paid the most marked attentions to Miss Pratt. When he came to London, he visited her at her father's house in Lisson-street, Paddington. His visits were frequent, his attentions to Miss Pratt of the most unequivocal character. He ate and drank as a guest constantly at the plaintiff's house when he was in town, and had a bed pro vided in the neighbourhood. During his in tercourse the defendant addressed numerous letters to the plaintiff, all of them of an affec tionate and respectful character, and some of those letters containing expressions which were wholly incapable of bearing any other construc tion than that the writer desired and intended to make the person to whom they were addres sed his wife. The earlier letters of the plain tiff were of an ordinary character, but as the intimacy continued the ardour of the lover in creased, and, as was not unusual on those occa sions, he gave vent to his Heelings in poetry. The learned counsel here read several letters from the defendant to the plaintiff, of which the following are specimens ; — . r Plummer's Plain, Nor. 20. My dear Louisa—l atn happy to say I have had the pleasure of f eceiving yonr kind and affectionate letter, but was sorry to hear you hare been troubled with the toothache. 1 have been told that is a sign when a per son does not love trne ; bat I am sure that is not the case with my dear Luuisa, far I am quite convinced ihat her love fur me is sincere, and I hope lasting. My dear, you wished to know if 1 returned home {on Tuesday—| did so, or I should have come and seen you again. I hope soon to have the pleasure of being with you for ever. How blest shall I be when that time comes, for it is very uncomfortable for us both, situated as we are, with two unfeeling parcels, that study to make as un comfortable ; but be advised by me, and keep your spirits up, for I hope there will be a change for the better soon, tor I am completely tired of being a bachelor any longer. Don't you think it is time I was t And the cold weather is coming on—what shall Ido ? Buy a pair of blankets or cuddle with you ? I only wish I had a com fortable home to take yc*t to, I would not be a bachelor any longert but I hope soon to feave a comfortable place «here we shall enjoy ourselves. I long for that time to come- X was at Horeham fair on Friday last, and bought some more pigs very cheap. lam sorry, my dear Louisa I did not see you at Smith?eld when sou were there • • I forgot to tell you in my last letter, that John (his brother) said he thought it very strange that you bad not been once to see them (John and his mother), cr wrote. I hope you wi!l go and ace them* for you know he is a strange chap I know you will go to oblige me. PS. Excuse haste. Please write by return of post, and let me know how you are. This was relieved by some verses of the fol lowing calibre:— Let me I.old thee to my heart. And every care resign. And we shall never—never patt t Sly heait and all is thine. Then again, in another letter, the defendant thus apostrophises the fair milliner:— Art tbou not dear onto ray heart f Oh, search that heart and see; And from my bosom tear the part Tliat beats cot true to tbee. Bat to that bosom thou art dear- More dear than words can tell; And if a thought be cherished there, ' Fis luviog tbee too veil. On a third occasion the defendant presented the plaintiff with the following stanzas.— Say. if no more io convene sweet. The blUeful htmr thall flee- Say, if we no more shall meet. Wilt thou remember me f No time shall change my firm regard. Nor banish thoughts of thee. And I shall fee. I a swee* reward. If thou'lt remember me. *+ All hopeless of relief, Incapable of rest. In vain ftetrive to vent a grief That's net to be expressed. This rage within my veins, Nm reason can remove ; Of all the mind s most cruel paim. The sharpest, sure, is love. The cold weather b coming on. And what am I to do— Boy a pair of blankets. Or cuddle, Louisa, wish yon t When io t by lonely bed My ghost its moan shall make. With saddest signs that X am dead* And dead for thy d«ar sake. It is impossible to describe the amusement produced on reading these verses, for however the measure of versification was broken, the measure of affection they contained was al lowed to be excellent. The learned counsel was prepaxed to proceed, but his lordship thought it unnecessary, as the terms on which they stood with one another were apparent. I To conclude the case for the plaintiff, Mr Cockburn went on to say, that the correspon-! dence continued until October, 1844, and the defendant constantly visited the plaintiff as her accepted suitor ; but on the 17th of Oc tober he married another person. The plain tiff wrote to his lather threatening legal- pro ceedings, and the defendant then wrote the following' letter, which was stigmatized by counsel as a most heartless piece of ruffianism. The circumstances alluded to therein was the accidental firing of the curtains of Miss Pratt's bed by her father's incautious use of z. candle: January 20. 1845. "* Louisa Pratt—l hare this day seen a letter you wrote to my father some time since, saying you intend taking law proceedings against me. I now tell you that 30a had better be cautious what yon do. for. so sure that you act a« you say yon mean to do, you will with yonr father have serious cauee to repent it* You have, per haps, forgot that I have some letters of yours. Were they exhibited to certain parties, you and your father would be placed in a most awful situation. One in par ticular, dated the 23th of February last, wherein you state the particulars m<«t fully that yonr father set fire to the bed io your apartments. You claimed of the in surance-office the money for the articles that were burnt, and had the money for them, and that the iomatei of the Isouse supposed that the fire was accidental.^ Now. I must ttil you that the law pnnUhes crimes of I this sort with death. I have no wish whatever fc> have the crime made public* but, if you drive me to it, I will take your letter to the insurance company for them to I act ou it. although it would be most paioful to my teel ings to do it. You had better, therefore, send me a letter signed in your full name, saying- you never will take any law proceedings whatever sgaiuet me; but if I do not receive such a letter from you, addressed for me j at roy father's house, by Saturday, the 25th instant, se- ' curtly sealed, I shall then *ay lam justified in acting ai I nave said I will. Therefore do not dectir* your ! self, for you have catted my father to refuse me what I | bad hoped for, and should have had; but now tax pr<B -pecls are blasted, and ! intend to take a situation in London directly. As it regards your conduct, Ido not j intend to say much sow, and 1 hope you will not, by your conduct, compel me to expose yon now as I can do, and which would compel every prudent person to discard you. lam, &c; G. BetfKsrr. Several witnesses were called, who deposed to the footing on which the parties *tood to wards each other, and the defendant's marriage to^ Miss Livingstone, on the 17th October, being admitted, and his handwriting to the letters proved, the plaintiff's case was closed. Mr Jervis (with whom was Mr Lush) then addressed the jury for the defendant. He re gretted that such an action should be brought against a common day-labourer, for such, and nothing better, the defendant was. The jury should not mistake him supposing he meant to urge that, because the defendant was pocr, he should escape with impunity the consequences of his misconduct. Far from it. All he meant was, to regret that when no legitimate object was to be gained, the plaintiff should force on the painful and disgusting disclosures he should have to lay before the jury. He did not for a moment defend the letter that the defendant had written in January last. The defendant regretted that letter had been written ; but it was wholly immaterial to this case, and only alluded to and read to create a prejudice He agreed with his learned friend (Mr Cockbura) that the defence which was pleaded, namely, that the plaintiff was a loose and immodest woman, was an aggravation of the'defendant's misconduct, if it was not established in evi dence. If proved, it was a conclusive answer to the action. He accepted his learned friend's challenge, and undertook to prove the plea. While the plaintiff was receiving and writing letters, breathing passion and affection from and to defendant, would the jury credit it, that she was encouraging an intimacy of the most familiar, if not of a worse description, with the defendant's younger brother John ? This as tounding fact he should prove from the plain tiff's own letters to John Bennett. Those let ters had been obtained from John Bennett, after this action commenced, without any breach of confidence on his part, and exhibited unparalleled duplicity and hypocrisy, to say the least, on the part of the piaintifil Addres sing the defendant's brother, when his jealousy was excited as to his brother, in one letter, the plaintiff said, *' I shall ever respect and esteem George (the defendant) for his kindness to me, but my happiness is to be found in your soci ety;'* and she signed herself his "attached Louisa." So in another letter on the same subject, she said to John, " You say in your last letter that I enjoy George's society more than Ido yours Perhaps you think so ; but time will show.-" and calls herself " your poor Louisa." In short, her letters to John were quite as ardent and affectionate as George's to her. She imitated the defendant, too, in his love of poetry, which had been alluded to as so naturally expressive of affection and passion. One of the letters lo John concluded thus :— Where'er thou art. my very wi&b; Wi!l linger in that *pot, My every thought will hoof thee, Though I may be forgot I The Lord Chief Baron interposed, and ob* served, if these letters were answered by John in the same spirit in which they were written, aud John had married, the plaintiff would have had as good a ground for an action against John as against George. He thought ituronld be better to put an end to this extraordinary, and m some respects disgusting investigation. Mr Jervis expressed his willingness to with draw a juror. Mr Cockburn was anxious to adopt any suggestion that fell from the court, but the im putations thrown by Mr Jervis on the plaintiff's character threw a difficulty in the way of any arrangement. Eventually the defendant undertook to with draw his second plea, that of lewdness on the part of the plaintiff, and which Mr Cockburn declared had no foundation in troth, end on condition that the plaintiff would withdraw a juror. Thin arrangement accordingly was carried into effect, the operation of which, it is hardly necessary to state, excludes the case from going to jury. 