AUSTRALASIAN GRAIN AND FLOUR. It is proper colonists should be made acquainted with the nuamtes of those who supported Mr. Huttts motion, We copy from the Times:- 1100oU Or OOMMONB., THURsDAY, OMAY 8. Motion madeand question put, " Thatthis House 'do resolve itself into a committee of the whole Iou se, for the purpose of considering the following resolution :-That it is expedient to permit grain and flour, the produce of Australasia, to be imported into the United Kingdom on payment of the same amount of duty as is now levied on grain and flour the produce of Canada"--(Mr. Hutt.) The House divled--Ayes, 93; Noes, 147. MINoazTv.Y.lss.- H.H A.. Aglionby, P. Aina Worth, W. Aldam, I. Archbold, 1V. falne, A. BInoerman, D. narclay, Rt. Hon. F. T. Baring, .. Barneard, Hon. Capt. Berkeley, Hon. H. F. ,erkeley, R. Bernal, Hon. E. P. Bouverie, J. jlglt, Broeklehurst, J. Brotherton, C. Buller, Suafelld, Heon. C, C. Cavendish, Hoen. G. H. Cavendsh, B, Chapman, J. Collett, W. G. Craig, .ood 3a.eny; Captain Dalrymple, G. H. Dash 'u, J. Dennlstoun, E. Divett, G. Duncan, T. ombo, Admiral Dundas, Viscount Ebrington, Ellis, B. Escott, R. Etwall, W. Evans, W. art, . eForster, T. M. Gibson, T. C. Granger, uest. . Sir G. Grey, Lord R. Grosvenor, Sir J. Guest, Sir J. Hanmer, B. Hawes, Lord M. Hill, Viscount Howick, Alderman Humphrey, W. James, J. Jervis, Rt. Hon. H. Lobouchere, H. Lambton, J. H. Langston, Hon. WV. S. Lascelles, Lord Le veson, Hon. H. T. Liddell., . D. Mangles, S. Marjoribanks, J. Martin,T. B. Martin, Right Hon. F. A. Maule, T. Mitchell, D.Morris, General Mo rison, G. F. Muntz, A. Mirray, M. J. O'Connell, R. Osborne, Colonel Paget, J. Parker, Captain Pechell, Viscount Pollington, R. Pulsford, T. N. Redington, J. L. Ricardo, E. t. Rice, D..R Ross, Hon. Captain Rous, R. Scott, B. Smith. J. A. Smith, W. R. C. Stansfield, W. H. Stanton. H. W. Tancred, H. Tufnell, 3. H. Vivian,T. Wakley, H. Warburton, H. G. Ward, W. Wilshere, C. Wood, W. Wrightson, H. R. Yorke. Tellers W. Hutt, Sir W. James. GRssN Ponas.-On Wednesday last a fancy sale was held at Green Ponds : it was numeronsly and respectably attended, and there was a large supply of fancy and usefidul articles. Three rooms were occupied on the occasion; one for fancy articles, one for toys, and one for refreshments. The purchasing commenced at one o'clock, and asa carried on with great spirit until four. The sum realised, after deducting expenses, was £28; to be added to the fund for erecting a vestry and schoolroom in connection with the congregational chapel at Green Ponds-an addition much re quired for the convenience of the congregation worshipping in the above chapel. We under stand that, exclusive of the sum raised on this occasion, £33 have been collected within the last few months to pay off the debt upon the chapel, which is now free from encumbrance.-Communi. cated. PORTLAND BAwi.-We have papers by the Minerva to 13th Octobet' They notice numerous depredations committed by the blacks, and the charge of cannibalism is preferred. An instance, says the Gazette, occurred a few weeks since on tile Clhine station near the Glenelg. A black woman had for some time been living with two or three white men, but having contracted disease, died. She was immediately borne off by her tribe, several of whom afterwards announced with rapturous emotions the extreme delicacy of her flesh to the taste.....A meeting of the cre ditors of Thomas Scott, the jetty contractor, took ,place at the office of Mr. Claridge, for the purpose of examining Mr. Scott's affairs. The liabilities ofthe estate were from £700 to £1002 12s. 10d..; while the immediately available assets were esti mated at £181 8s. 10d., leaving a deficiency of £821 8s. 10d.....About nine lubras at Mount Eales have been killed by the Mount Rouse blacks within the last month..... Whaling Report.— Lady Mary Pelham.-May 27, Dutton 1 whale; July l,Dutton 1 ditto; July 11, Barnes I ditto; Sept. 2, Dutton I ditto; Sept. 12, Arnott '1 ditto; total 5. Henty's Shore Party.-June 22, Clarke I whale; Aug. 21, Clarke 1 ditto; total 2. The 'Pelhanos men were paid off, and, after having enjoyed themselves for a day or two after their arduous work, have gone, or were preparing to go, into the interior to commence shearing or follow some other useful occnpation. Three whales were caught at Belfast, two by Mr. Charles Mills and one by Captain Mills, making a total of 10 caught at Belfast this season, 2 by the Adelaide and 8 by ,Griffith's party, of which latter 4 were killed by Captain Mills. SOUTH AUSTIRALIA.-Onr news from this colony is to the 20th ult.....The Herjeebhoy Rusatoenjee Pattie, the long-expected ship from Bremen, lad arrived with 202 German immigrants, after a voyage of 117 days from port to port. Her pas sage had been a pleasant and prosperous one throughout. Her passengers were of rather a superior class, and comprised many workmen of trades much wanted there ; including several linen, cotton, and cloth weavers, who seriously contemplated following up their various vocations, and spoke confidently of being able to establish blanket, cloth, linen, and cotton manufactures: there were also several miners, two chemists, and a practical assayer, besides the usual sprinkling of mechanics.....A new company for purchasing mineral lands, and carrying on mining operations in South Anatralia, with a capital, it is believed, of £200,000, had been successfully establlshed in London at the date of the latest advices.....The official survey of the special copper mine is com pleted, and the land grant or grants, as the pro prietors may determine, will soon be ready for delivery.....The excitement on the arrival of conditional-pardon immigrants had subsided, upon the discovery that there was no remedy, the Go vernor not having the power of contravening an Act of Parliament. His Excellency's reply in substance was, that the conditional pardons confer on the holders the privilege of proceeding whither they please, within such limits as may be specified in them (agreeably to the Otis and 7th Victoria), and that they have th0 same effect (within suchnell limits), to all Intents and purposes, as absolute pardons, passed under the great seal ofthe United Kingdom. PoRT PIiLLtP.-HBy the Swan we have papers to the 14th instant; but they are destitute of matter possessing general interest. A meeting had been held relative to the corn duty question, and after some sensible advocacy of the principle contended for, a codhmittee was appointed to frame a petition to parliament. RonBnRY.-On Monday night Mr. Gibbons' store at the wharf was entered, between the hours of eight and nine, o'clock. The thieves forced open a back door, and having thus gained access to the counting-house, broke open a desk, out of which they took'a few shillings in silver. They also searched a trunk containing clothes, from which some articles are missed. The prize which it would appear they desired toobtain was a small tin box. This was found on the following morn ing on the Windmill-hill; fortunately it contained nothing of value, except letters and books. A few of the former are missing, and the latter were found strewed about the ground. NARRow ESCAPE.--Mr. Duniam narrowly escaped drowning on Monday night. He was proceeding on shore from the brig Oratava, and fell overboard. Constables Livesay and Ward fortunately heard the splash thus occasioned, and by prompt attention rendered effectual service. IIEEF.-The smaller of the two Circular Head oxen slaughtered last week by Mr. Bransgrove weighed 15841bs., with upwards at 2001bs. loose fat. TICKaT-OF-LEAVE MUSTER. -The annual muster of ticket-of-leave men, for this district, will take place on Sunday, the 2nd November,at the police-office, Launceston. Noneare authorised to absent themselves, unless by special exemption from the Comptroller-General. This caution has frequently been given, and we believe, the penal ties will be rigidly enforced against those who neglect to attend. MECHANICs' INSTITUTE.-To-morrow evening W. H. Breton,Esq.,the President of the Institute will deliver a lecture "On the ancient inhabitants of America and their ruined Cities." It is a sub ject of much Interest, and gives rise to learned speculative conjecture. Mr. Breton will illustrate the subject by a variety of diagrams prepared ex pressly for the lecture. SEIZtRE OF' A VLsSEL.-The cutter William, for some time past trading between this port and Adelaide, was seized by Mr. Dryburgh on Mon day. The circumstances which led to this pro. Ceeding are as follows :--The William came up the river on Sunday with stock from Port Albert, having also on board two hogsheads of rum,one of geneva, and a case of tobacco. Some of the cattle were in a state that rendered it exceedingly advisable to land them immediately and (as is always required) permission was obtained to take the vessel to a convenient private wharf, if the spirits and tobacco were first landed. Accordingly the three hogsheads were rolled on shore on Sunday night. The master of the vessel excused himself for not landing the tobacco just then, and the landing waiters not considering it a matter of so much importance as the spirits, the vessel was allowed to take her berth at the private wharf. Upon gnaging the spirits, and comparing the actual contents with those mentioned An the manifest, it was acertained that about thirty gallons were missing, fifteen of geneva and fifteen of rum, the duty upon which would be about £25. The officers of customs then made enquiries for the tobacco, but it could no-where be found ; and the master before making his declaration upon entering the vessel, reported it was missing, sup posed to have been stolen. It was also discovered upon close examination of the spirit casks that they had been recently "spiled," suggesting the probability that the contents had been drawn off. Mr. Dryburgh, collector of customs, seized the vessel, which now lies in the river under charge of a customs officer, awaiting the result of a refer ence to head quarters. CouRT OP REQUnsrs.-There are fifteen cases on the list in the £80 court, and twenty-two in the £10 court, which sits on the 25th instant. lQUARTER SessIoNs.-The quarter sessions will sit on the 25th instant, for settling the jury list, appointing visiting magistrates for the ensuing year, and regulating cab fases. There are no prl soners for trial. DIsTRsnUTION oP RIWAnns.-The trials of the Nile gang having closed, the subscriptions for re warding the police have been distributed. They amounted altogether to about £57. Of this sum Mr. Harvey, we understand, received £25. Mr. Davis, who apprehended Edwards, through whom the Infamous transactions were brought to light, received £0 for himself and assistants, who In curred about £3 of personal expenses in prosecu ting the affair. STiRANGE OCCURRENCE.-So0mo Of the good folks who inhabit the West Bank of the Tamar have been alarmed by extraordinary occurrences, which, being at present unaccountable, have been ascribed to snpernhtural agency; at least, the alarm has been such, and tlhestatementsso authenticated, that Mr. Midgley the chief constable and a subor dinate have proceeded tothespot for the purpose of investigating the matter. The principal scene of the mystery is the'residence ofMr. Plummer; but Mr. Hill, a neighbour, has also been similarly annoyed. Anonymous letters of .a most indecent description have been thrust through the windows of Mr. Plummer's residence by invisible hands. The house at all hours, both day and night, has been assailed with stones and other offensive missiles. Strict watch has been kept, and yet windows have been broken in broad daylight, in defiance of all caution. Constables were stationed on the pre mises, but their vigilance was eluded. Upon one occasion an individual was seen and chased, but, according to all accounts heseemed, when within grasp, to dissipate into air or sink into the earth, like the ghost in the vision of Scrooge. Mr. Plummer applied to the police magistrate for adl vice, detailing the above as facts, and as we men tioned before, Mr. Midgley has been sent down to ascertain how much of :truth there is in the statement. Mr. Plummer is a well known and respectable Inhabitant; and although no doubt lihe has been subjected to this annoyance from the ill feeling of a neighbonr, there is something very remarkable in the" Devil and Dr. Faustus" sort of proceeding 'by which the hgent remains invisibl whilst working his mischief. EXPORI?ATIONs.-It appears from the quarterly returns published in our last, that there wero exported-barley 4,928 bushels, value £1038; oath 0,850 bushels, value £1,0690; flour 400 tons, valne £4,905; wheat 49,983 bushels, value £10,336, besides bran and malt, value £298, making the total value of grain exported, £17,640. ESIIGRATION.-By the Oratavr one hundred working men will leave this port: the list of pas sengers contains the names of one hundred and three. These men, of the "active, able-bodied" description, have been engaged by Mr. Craufurd for the Hunter's River Steam Navigation Com pany. Mr. Raven advertises for fity men for Port Phillip; and the Messrs. Hebty for one hundred to proceed to Portland *Bay: very pro, bably four times that number may be required. This great demand for labour has arisen In some measure from the circumstance of flock-masters having increased their possessions, owing to the remunerating price of wool. Ifsecurity of tenore were guaranteed to the squatter, this colony would be drained of its free working population. It must be felt that this emigration is greatly in favour of the home government's resolution, to convert this into a purely penal colony, for at the present rate it will soon make the agriculturist entirely de pendent upon probation labour. WarsAT.-Account sales of wheat shipped from this port, and sold In London, have been received by the last arrivals. From these it appears, the average prices realised were from 88s. to 0is. per quarter, netting to the shippers about 4s. per bushel. SPBCIE.-The Equeastrian, at .Hobart Town, brings £20,000 in specie for thlie Commissariat. SouTl AsTRALIAN MINEss.-At the public banquet in Freemason's Tavern, a Mr. Dutton, we observe from the report, stated that the best copper ore sold for £43 l1s. per ton; other ore sold for £39, and the lowest priced £8. Mr. L.W. Gilles was present, and added that from March, 1844, to January, 1845, no less than 1,113 tons of ore had been shipped from South Australia. TENDEtS .-- Tenders will be received by the Commissariat until Wednesday next, for the cont veyance of troops from Launceston to Norfolk Island, and thence to New Zealand, together with such detachments as may be embarked at the last.mentioned place for Sydney and Launceston. ELnacnoTYPE.-The electrotype process isnow extensively applied to the coating of iron bolts with copper for ship.building purposes. RAeSNass.-.One of the emigrants by the Ora tara jumped overboard just as tihe vessel was leaving the wharf. Being under the Influence of liquor, he would have been drowned had not a boat been close at -hand, into which he was dragged, and then carried to the Steam Packet Hotel, where he was speedily restored. NEw VEassL.--The now schooner, 72 tone, launched a few days since, Is advertised for sale. PRIEST.--'W? hear petitions have been for warded to the Executive, praying for this culprit's reprieve. He and Gillan are both attended in gaol by the Catholic minister. 