HOUSE OP COMMONS. MIGRATION FROM SIERRA LEONE TO THE WEST INDIES. Sir R. Inglis drew attention to the horrors to which slaves are subjected in the passage from Africa horrors unavoidably protracted after the capture of a slaver until its arrival in port; so that the negroes, as Governor Nicolls said, ' come out of the ships like ghosts.' On the 12tb June last, the Governor of Sierra Leone issued a proclamation under the autho rity of the Colonial Office, that allowances to liberated Africans landed in the colony would cease after ad judication ; clothing and maintenance before adjudi cation being continued as before ; and tbat should they prefer remaining in that colony instead of emi grating to the West Indies, they must provide for themselves. Now it is extremely improbable that persons landed under the circumstances described, could exercise a fair and real discretion as to whether they would remain or migrate. In June last, liberated African children were required under a peremptory order of the Governor, eitber to be taken out to the people located in the villages, or to migrate to the West Indies; and 100 boys and girls actually did migrate. He did not object to admitting into the West Indies those who are really free ; but this so-called option is like Dr. Johnson's description of a conge d' elite, which is recommending a man thrown out of the window to fall softly to the ground. Sir Robert Inglis condemned also the preponderance of males who are allowed to migrate to the West indies. Mr. Hope said the real question is, whether the Africans imported into the West Indies are well tooted «? iiui — waeiuer it Is belter for them to be transferred from Sierra Leone, where there is defi ciency of employment for labour, and great defi ciency of civilization, to the West Indies, where there is deficiency in the supply of labour, and abundant civilization; and hecontendedlhatno greater advan tage could be given to the negro than to let him find himself a free labourer in a British colony. The hundred children mentioned by Sir Robert Inglis were advantageously apprenticed under special con tracts, which provided for carrying out their educa tion, and training them in moral principles. As to the disparity of the sexes, it is a curious fact, that in the West Indies the female sex preponderates. The ordinances granting a bounty on the emigration of labourers into Mauritius from the coast of Africa was issued in 1842. it has not yet received the sanction of Government ; and nothing will be approved that could in the slightest degree countenance the slave trade. Mr. Hope expressed his belief that successful endeavours to civilize Africa must be carried out from the west, and not from the east. If they raised up in the West Indies a body of well-educated men — libe- rated Africans — they would be the most successful agents in civilizing their native country. Mr. Aglionby, who supported Mr. Hope's general position raised another question, lie asked, who were the parties to whom Mr. Hope had alluded as Laving impeded civilization at Sierra Leone ? In this country they are commonly supposed to be tfie missionaries, who are also supposed to have retarded the progress of another colony — New Zealand. He asked Mr. Hope if be bad seen a circular, which he now read, addressed by Mr. DandeBon Coats, the lay secretary of the Church Missionary Society, to several influential constituencies in various parts of the kingdom? The circular requested, on the part of the committee of the Church Missionary Society, that the person addressed would transmit, or present through some influential medium, the enclosed pam phlet to the member for ? ; and also use his influence to induce such member to oppose the recommendations o/ the select Committee on New Zea land in the ensuing session of Parliament, and thus enforce the just claims of the aboriginal New Zea landers to their lands, Air. Hope replied, that be did not allude to the missionaries, but to the * old residents' of Sierra Leone ; and he declined to enter into the question of New Zealand. 