THE ALLEGED MURDER AT SALT HILL. (From, the Pictorial Times.) In our latest edition of last week we gave the first particulars of a suspected murder at Salt-hill. Subsequent inves- tigation has developed one of the most curious cases of circumstantial evidence which late years have produced. As we pursue the thread of particulars we find a new invention— the Electro -magnetic Telegraph— applied to the aid of public juctice in the case of the individual who stands charged with the murder. It is not our wish to influence public opinions on the guilt or innocence of the individual whose case will soon become the subject of impartial adjudication, but simply to, direct attention to the remarkable man- ner in which practical science was ap plied to his arrest. Here is a person hastening from the scene of his sup- posed guilt at the rate, perhaps, of fifty miles in an hour— a rate of travelling which, if it could have been anticipated in bygone years, would have rendered the hope of pursuit chimerical ; but the tidings of his flight, the description of his person, the statement of the charge brought against him, are sent after him, pass him on his journey, and meet him at his destination. One. powerful agent of nature aids his flight, but ano- ther, more effective still, prevents his escape. Steam bears him off more ra-, pidly than the winds of heaven but the electric current is his pursuer, and the instrument of his detection. The agency on which he relies for his security car- ried him in his journey nearly at the speed of a mile in a minute; but the ele- ment brought in action against him travels 192,000 miles in a second ! Both these elements are under the control of the wonderful age in which we live, and both are claimed as the agencies of good and evil. We gave in our last but a summary of the then incomplete case ; but the por- tion of the inquiry before the coroner being now finished, we think our space will be well occupied by the fullest par- ticulars of the whole affair. THE INQUEST. At the first coroner's inquest, held on Thursday, the 2nd instant, before Mr. Charsley, at the Three Tuns, Salt Hill, on the body of Sarah Hart, the follow- ing particulars were stated by one of the witnesses, Mary Ann Ashlee; who resi- ded with her husband next door to the deceased. She said that between six and seven o'clock on the previous evening, she heard a noise resembling stifled screams proceeding from the house of Mrs. Hart, at Bath Place — a row of houses near Botham's Hotel. She took a candle and went to the house, but found the door shut, and she perceived a man dressed like a quaker coming along the path from the house, and he ap- peared greatly confused; and trembled very much. While he was opening the gate leading into the high road, she asked what was the matter with her neighbour ; but he did not reply, but proceeded in the a direction of Slough. She had seen this same person at the house about two hours previously. She found the deceased on entering the room, lying upon her back on the floor, with her clothes nearly up to her knees, and and the stocking on the left leg nearly down and torn. Her cap was off her head, and she appeared as if she had been struggling. The same stifled noise still continuing, she alarmed the neighbours, and a Mrs. Barrett, who lives in the same row of houses, accompanied her back to the apartment, when the victim was still alive, and uttering moaning cries. Mr. Champneys, a surgeon, was then sent for, while they bathed her temples with vinegar and water. There stood on the table of the room a bottle and tumbler, both containing some beer, and also a jug of water. The deceased had told her she was a married woman, and that her husband, who was the son of a Quaker named Tawell, with whom she formerly lived as a servant, was abroad. She added, she expected her master home that day; and that the money she ex- pected Mr. Tawell to bring her was part of her husband's wages. When lifted up from the ground she was foaming at the mouth. This evidence was corroborated by by Margaret Barret : which was followed by that of Kesiah Harding, who had washed for the deceased. She had seen the Quaker at her house as far back as a year and three quarters ago. The prisoner was then brought into the room and immediately identified by the witness. It appears that the prisoner, John Tawell, soon after he left the house of the deceased, was seen; to cross over the high road from off the footpath on to the opposite side, and walk close to the palings of the garden of Mr. Botham, in which was found early the next .morning, the ounce phial which had been previ- ously alluded to; and which contained a very small portion of a white liquid, having a slight odour of prussic acid. The phial was without a label to indicate what it contained. The prisoner proceeded direct from Bath Place to the Slough (down) station on foot, where he arrived at a few minutes past six o'clock.The train from Paddington had then just arrived. He then got into Mr. Dyson's Windsor omnibus, and told the driver that he wanted to be set down at Eton ; and upon being asked at what part of Eton, he replied "At the house where Sir: John Hersehell lived." "Why," said a gentleman who was sitting by his side, "that is at Slough, sir, and not five minutes' walk from the station." " Ay, so it friend,'' replied the prisoner, " but that's where I want to be set down." Upon the omnibus arriving at the late residence of Sir John Herschell, the prisoner got out paid his fare, and was observed to knock, but very gently, at the door. The vehicle drove off, leaving him standing on the steps of the house. Within a very few minutes afterwards, the omnibus from Windsor, , to meet 7h 24m up train at Slough, came along the road. The prisoner hailed it, got inside, and rode back again to the station. From inquiries since made at Sir John Herschell's late residence, it has been ascertained that the gentleman's knock at the door, on the evening in question, was not heard by any of the inmates, and that none of them had ever seen a person at the door dressed in the garb of a Quaker. The small phial was found, on the morning after the supposed murder, thrown over the palings into the gardens of Botham's Hotel. The prisoner is about five feet six' inches in height, sixty- one years of age, with a small narrow face and light hair, rather inclining to a grey colour. He has no whiskers. He has a trifling squint in his left eye, the pupil inclining towards his nose. "He is attired in the garb of a Quaker, wearing a broad-brimmed hat, black waistcoat, dark olive-coloured trousers, white cravat and a loose great coat. He is some- what quick and rapid in his manner, and appears to be a man of considerable in- telligence. When the deceased fetched the bottle of stout from the Windmill Hotel, on the evening of the fatal occurrence, she borrowed a cork-screw of Mr. Botham's barmaid. Upon being requested to return the corkscrew and the bottle as soon as she had done with them, she replied " You may depend upon my bringing them back in the morning." Amongst the witnesses, the Rev. E. T. Champneys, vicar of Upton-cum-Dnalvev said he proceeded to the Slough station, on hearing that a Quaker was the last man to leave the house, thinking it pro- bable he would proceed, to town by the railway. He saw the prisoner pass through the office, and informed Mr. Howell, the superintendent of the station of it, who immediately put the electric telegraph in requisition, to cause him to be watched by the police on his arrival at Paddington. The prisoner left Slough for town by the 7.42. train, and in a few minutes afterwards Mr. Howell received an answer by the telegraph from town, stating that the party had arrived and was watched. Police Sergeant Williams had gone up to the Paddington station to look out for the arrival of the train containing the prisoner, which took place at half-past eight o'clock. The sergeant rode to the Bank from the 'station in the same omnibus as the pri- soner who got out and crossed over to the Wellington statute, where he stopped for some time, as if to observe if he was followed. The policeman then followed him to the Jerusalem Coffee House, over London Bridge, to the Leopard coffee shop in the Borough, back to Can- non-street, to a lodging-house kept by Mr. Hughes, No. 7, Scott's Yard, where he left him and reported his proceeding to Mr. Howell, at Slough, who returned an order to immediately apprehend him, which was eventually done on the Thurs- day, at the Jerusalem Coffee House. The prisoner denied having been to Slough. Inspector Wiggins, of the D division, produced at the inquest papers and money found on the prisoner, amounting to 12p 10s. in gold and 1p 1s. 6d; in silver,and some half-pence ; also a letter which he admitted having that morning received from his wife, bearing the Berkhampstead post-mark of January; 1, 1845. He also had a valu- able gold watch, a guard, pocket-book,, and two pairs of spectacles. On the inquest being resumed on Sa- turday, Mr. H. M. Champneys, surgeon, of Slough, after corroborating the state in which deceased was found by the other witnesses, together with other minor points, said : On feeling the de- ceased's pulse I fancied I felt two or three beats; but these not being con- tinued, I imagined I must have been mistaken. Her eyes at the time were fixed. She moved her tongue and jaw slightly, but only once. I placed my hand under her clothes, on her heart, but I felt no pulsation. I then saw she was dead. After some minutes elapsed I opened a vein, not with the idea of bringing her to Iife, but for the purpose of ascertaining if the state of her blood would enable me to form an opinion as to the cause of her death. I then went to the Slough station, where I arrived at half-past seven o'clock, and where I saw the prisoner get into a first-class car- riage, and leave for town. Before I left the residence of the deceased, a glass, which contained a portion of pale beer, a porter bottle partly filled, and a bun which I found on the table, I had placed on one side, in the care of Mrs. Ashlee, telling her to let no one touch them. I again went to the house at half-past nine o'clock the same evening, and, thinking they might contain some deleterious matter, I took them away with me for the purpose of ascertaining that fact, and they have been in my possession ever since. Upon smelling the mouth of the deceased I could not detect ant poison- ous odour. Upon viewing the body the next day l found no marks of external violence. I was then directed by the coroner to make a post mortem examina- tion in conjunction with Mr. Norblad, who was then with me. When I opened the vein there was nothing unnatural in the appearance of the blood. Upon ex- amining the brain we found nothing to account for the death. The heart was found to be perfectly healthy. There was an old adhesion of the right lung, and with that exception, the lungs were in a perfectly healthy state. We found the whole of the abdominal viscera rather fat, but generally healthy. We removed the stomach and it's contents for further examination, as I considered, thus far, that nothing of a suspicious nature had shown itself. The internal surface of the coat of the stomach had rather more mucus than usual. I was then ordered by the coroner to make a further exami- nation, with Mr. Norblad, and.the result is as follows : Upon analysing the con- tents of the stomach we found them to be generally acid. We tested them for various poisons, viz., for oxalic acid, sul- phuric acid and arsenic, but found none. We then tested them for those poisonous salts, antimony, lead, and copper, the presence of which we could not discover. .They were then tested for prussic acid, and the result proved that poison to be present. It might not, however, have been prussic acid by itself, but that poison in conjunction with some salt nearly allied to it; I cannot say if we found sufficient prussic acid to have caused the death of the deceased, but I have every reason to believe that there was. I am of opinion that there was sufficient to cause death. The appear- ance of the stomach would not assist me in forming an opinion if that poison were present. We could not detect the smell of prussic .acid. "We could .not . tell in what- form the acid was administered, but I should bhink it was taken in u liquid-state. .Lam of opinion the quan tity found in the stomach would cause death rapidly. - I am of opinion the de ceased died fromthe effects of -this : poi son.; The-porter found - in the room of ;the deceased, has; not- yet been analysed. There has notbeenttime to test ifcr-since the last examinat ion'. We have not been able to discover \vhat salt, if any,; was -taken in conjunction with the prussic acid; The salts of this acid have not the pungent and peculiar odour of prussic acid itself. Salts -of prussic acid would produce death, but I am not aware, how -quickly.- The bottle containing: the, liquor, which I found- on the table of the 'deceased, was a common porter bottle. H did not pour cut its. contents till yes terday. o -. I ' have ;>had practice cf cases of persons; dying in' convulsions in a natural way. I have ' seen persons with greater adhesion of t he lungs than in the case of the. deceaspdv- In ; -jthosje.; , .cases, when' persons - are excited, it- might :. cause a -litt'e difference1/ but not sufficient to rcaiise: palpif ation'. Thebrain of persons dying', from fHe." effects of .prussic -.acid would be affected, but not so visibly at a post -mortem . examination.- - The brain would be paralysed by the action of the poison on the nerve., . I .smelt the breath of the deceased immediately , after deaths -and- there was-no appearance of prussic acid. - I know-very litt'e ajiout the? salts of prussic. acid. ""Bi'ller almonds would cause a deposit of prussic 'acid. I can-- not say what was the quan lity of prussic acid we discovered, - although I have said there was sufficient to; cause death. ; : -Mr. Edward Weston Norblad, sur- geoh, of ! Slough, examined the body of the "deceased : in cbtj unction ; with , Mr. :;Champneys, .on the morning of Thursday last. V ; Having discovered no external marks of violence, we proceeded, by order of the coroner, to make an internal post mortem- examination. Wc found the whole; Interior of the body to be free from existing disease- ; We then removed the stomach, laid it open, and turned out _the contents!- We discovered no smell of prussic: acid. .The contents : were after wards analysed by me and Mr. Champ neys. The application of the. usual tests did. not ennble-us to discover any ordinary poison. We then submitted portions to tests- expressly for prussic; acid, which was, unequivocally proved to be present. From the entire absence of disease, from Lhe manner of the death of the deceased, -and; from the- presence of this poison, I can come to no other conclusion :thau that she died from the effects of prussic acid, or from some one of those salts in the composition of "which prussic acid enters.- - From . the absence of the odour of prussic 1 acid, and knowing there is a salt equally, poisonous; which by chemical analysis would give the. same -results, I qualify my last answer to (he question put' to me. That, salt, although it /has not the. odour .of prussic acid, would de stroy life in one or two /seconds, or from that to a quarter of au hour; according to its strength. I cannot say wh«it quantity was, given in this t case, but I think there was. sufficient poison discovered in the jStomach'to produce death. . There v?as a partial adhesion of both .lungsybut this is common in" -many bodies It' shows, be rtai n ly , pre-existing disease, to which in: tliis- Gfise', I - attach.no importance. The particular salt I, .allude to is the cyanuret mf potassium, which contains a considera ble quantity of .the elements of prussic acid in its composition. _ , Catherine White, barmaid, at the ind - 'mjjl (;(Botham's) Hotel, . stated, „thatton V.eduesdayj.evening (the .night of/ the supposed murder), about half past - six o'clock ' life - deceased came to the bar, where "she stayed about ten-minutes,, and bought_a bottle of Guiness's stout./- The bottle found;, om the!: tablebt-Bath Place wasnprod uced by -Mr Champneys; and udentified as bne of the same description ' which ' contained ' the stout" sold by, wit- , nessr-tp the deceased . Tne cork was not the;same. -\Vitness lent the deceased a corkscrew. The one1 found- in Bath "Place produced.and identified. Deceased, who" apare# very .well; did "not"say?why .she fetcedt the stout; „ ' r, sily 0,ih"er,imiu6r witnesses were f,ex amined/ A'D.TOU RNEtr1 INQUEST." Theanquest on the unfortunate woman, Sarah/Hart, j who was supposed to have .been ipni&onedcon; Wednesday se-'nriight, at Bath Cottage, Salthill, was resumed on Wednesday morning, at the Three Tuns Tavern, Salthill, pursuaut to adjournment from Saturday last. The proceedings appear to excite the most intense interest in the neighbourhood, and the road lead ing to the tavern was occupied by anum- ber of persons anxious to catch a glimpse of the- prisoner, - J. -Taweli; ' who. was; brought up from Eton, in a fly, in cus tody of a constable; Mr. M. Chambers and Mr. Williams attended, for the pri- soner. - - - ' ! . \- Mr. Edward Westotf Norblad; the sur geon, deposed as follows : I have analysed; the contents ofthe bottle and glass found in the house of the deceased. ; I pea- formed the analysis in conjunction with Mr. Champneys. The enquiry was ad journed until to-day to enable us to do so.,- The bottle was about half full of porter; I find that the bottle contains no poison of any description; The bot tle was delivered to me by Mr. .Champ neys. I'did riot see it on the table. ; I have - also analysed 1 1 he liquid in the glass; which was delivered to me by. Mr. Champneys, and that contains no poison; I have carefully.- preserved -the .results of that analysis, and they are in. the /pos session of Mr; Champneys; >, Mr. Champ neys and Mr. Cooper were with me when .the examination was made. ?vlr; Cooper- is a very eminent chemist. ; The analysis /took; place .at Mr.. Gooper?s laboratory in London. Mr. Cooper concurred with us in opinion., Mr. Cooper will not be here. Mr. Chambers : Was Mr; Cooper present; at-the analysis of the -contents of stomach ? The Coroner : I have not examined the witness on that point, and do not think you can cross-examine him on it. Mr. Chambers : As you please, sir. The question was/not put. The Coroner : Was the analysis conductedby yourself or Mr. Cooper ? "Witness ; By- Mr.; Cooper,- in my presence. , ;I possess sufficient knowledge inrahemistry to un derstand the manner in which the analysis was performed, and to state its results. Mr. Henry Montague Champneys, sur geon; examined by the Coroner;:. T jive at Salt Hill ; I was directed,- -at1' the last sitting of the court, to analyse the con tents of the bottle and glass; which I took from the table in the house, of the deceased ; in consequence of these direc tions, I, in conjunction' with Mr; Norblad and Mr; John Thomas Cooper, have : ana lysed the liquid found in the bottle and the glass, which was taken by me from the house of the deceased from/ the sit- t ing- room where the body lay ;/'iio poison was found in either the bottle or the glass ; I was present; the whoie-time of the process of analysation, and my ex perience enables me to ; state " that that was the result of the , examination ; I have preserved those liquids ; I took them from Mr. Copper's, and - they have been in my sole possession 'ever since/ They have been put under -lock arid -key, so that I . shall / always know them to be the same when called upon / 1 Cross-examined by Mr. Chambers : " I applied tests." for several kinds of poison ; thy we're the ; same as I mentioned last time-oxalic acid, lead, : oxide of copper, arsenic, ' and prussic acid. I have never met with an instance in which tlie elements of prus sic acid have been found 'in " beer arid porter. . I entered the prpfessipri in July; 1835.; ; I; attended the regular courses of chemical lectures, arid: manipulated occa sionally myself. I never applied the test of prussic acid to urea. Ir am notaware that prussic acid is to be found in large quantities in urea; . T' do not take the "Lancet," but- I know Liebig's Lec tures. I was not aware that prussic acid was contained in large quantities: in urine or urea. It may-I believe be evolved from the human body during the process of decomposition. -.- It was discovered by Scheile, I thinks about forty, years, since. Mr. Chambers : Did you decompose the beer so as to ascertain its composition ? Witness : This was what I endeavoured to do. Mr. Chambers Did you -apply your tests to that? / Witness : Yes, after distillation. -Mr. Chambers : Then you first distilled - it, and - then applied your tests to the distilled liquid ? . Y/ituess : Yes; ( Mr. Chambers : That I believe is the usual method; The Coroaer : Did you taste the liquid before analysation- Witness : I did, arid it had every : appearance of porter.: v -The officer of the court here addressed the coroner, and said the inspectorraf the London police had a statement to make to liim. The Coroner : It must not be made in public; I will come out: to him presently.1 Margaret Jane Bennett-was then called, and her deposition taken ,ther other, day was: read over, to ;her . and ; signed. /-This proceeding was - rendered -necessary in consequence of some informality; in/the- manner , of. taking; the, deposition/ :?This1 vras the witness who first went into 4hev deceased's' - cottage and- saw the bottle; glass, and bun, on the table. , Mr. . Norblad was recalled , and ,ex-; amined;: A vparti- of thevbua was,, also produced by Mr. Champneys, which;! subjected to .the same analysis asrthe Jiquidi . There. vvas no.poispn found'in it, Mr.„ Champneys recalled : After the analysation of the liquid, I produced a bun which I had taksit off a table in the house-of the-de'eeased, in the same room where the, body, lay . 'JTbund : that /the bun contained no"po"ison". - , , ; - The Coroner said, the case on the part of the Grown was: now clos'ed; z After some' rrimark-s-: from the pri-! soner's .counsel,; rthe= Coroner r. then pro-: ceeded.to, readi hist summing jupj-frpm a ;paper which he t held/ in fbis h'shRvf; " He wassorrythat Uhe\inquiry hadbeen so tlong protracted; --arid he was ialao:s6rry. that 'there bad been any -publication of the evidence. Ile begged . the, jury to attend-solely: to, the - evidence, and to' be misled by no vague .raewspapercrep'orts, but to give the verdict in accordance with the depositions, and with the depositions only. There were many declarations .which . were f notnevidence ; but Starkie laid it down; that a declaration accom-; panyirig an act might be taken as part of the act 'itself. The learned gentleman then proceeded to read the evidence, and in relation to the evidence of the witness Moss; he said that he had it on the depo sition that she lived at 93, Crawford-st., and in the report that she had lived at 45, Crawford- street, which had been con tradicted in the Times, and on the sub ject of which he had received a letter from a person residing at 45, Crawford- street, was not correct, and had origi nated in the error of the reporter; for she herself had : stated that she had lived at No. 93.) There was no direct evidence as to the administration of any poison to the deceased, but there was indirect evi dence sufficient to enable them to form an opinion. There were the means found in the late deceased's house by which poison might? have been administered to her without her knowledge and that she had swallowed poison was. evident; ; Al though it was possible that she might have swallowed the poison ; knowingly 'herself; still it was vriry improbable. She was seen by White arid tMarlow at half-past . six in the evening, .well, and in good spirits. The next (account they had of he'r was from Mrs. Ashlee, who, between six and . seven: o'clock, heard deceased's stifled screams,, and on running out met John Tawell -.coming from deceased's cottage, and asked what was the matter withr her neighbour, but could get no reply. Now, it was a most important fact, that; a man should have left her in the ; agonies of death without giving any alarm ; It was evident that the poison had been- administered after the stout had been fetched, and that the puison was quick and most deadly im its effects. If a man wilfully laid poison in the way of a person, and - it was taken, that was murder ; but if it .were taken accidentally, there was.no murdeiv. Now, -wbh regard to the evidence,., affecting 'the prisoner, Mrs. Ashlee saw ' the Quaker-looking person coming from the door while the deceased was in the ago nies of: death, and/she recognised John Taweil as that person, j It was also an important fact, .that on the Monday when the. prisoner was with deceased, Keziah B arding had, heard hi mT «usk hef if . she would be alone the next time Tie, raalled, rah the Wednesday or Thursday.; They : Should also recollect' that a desqri ptiori of .the- Quaker ha d/ beerifof warded by the telegraph to London, and that; by the description be had been followed and ar- restpd, and that when he. was arrested he said; he had not . been at Siough the day before; There, was no direct evidence to" show: who had administered , the. poison to the deceased ; : b ut circu mstari tial evidence in many cases was of much greater co gency. Jf they had any doubt? as to iHe guilt bf Jokri -Tawell they would give/him the beriefi of that doubt ; but Kif- they liad/bd morel doubt as to - his ; guilt, it would bb their, duty to say. so ;by their verdict without regard to! hisistationi in society. ; ; ' /, ' " ;> ' The room was then cleared; and the j ury, after remaining in deliberatibri" 1 for three quarters of an hour, returned a verdict of " Wilful murder against John Tawell, for poisoning Sarah Hart with prussic acid.". Mr. Chambers applied that the pro perty found upon the person of the pri soner should be given up, now that the enquiry was over, and the Coroner's duty, to all intents and purposes, -ended; especially as he (Mr. Chambers) could now positively assert, add not/ assume; that that property had nothing to do with the offence imputed to the unfor tunate man.- The Coroner > inr answer to the application, said he could not say that the money had nothing to do with the case. The amount was very import ant, and it would be more, advisable for a court, to see: the money i- He could not give up the money, but he would take care the officers should riot dissipate it ; they would detain it as trustees for the purposes of this enquiry.- , - The prisoner would not be damnified; for he under stood he was" ar man of property; r Mr Chambers : The watch ? The'Coroher : I cannot let the watchi be. given up .either. Mr. Chambers : You stated; that. at thc last examination; there might be some thing material connected with the money, inasmuch as-you bad .received, olherbn- forination ; of considerable . importance. Now that could; not -be/ the case, because if itr had been; the information ought to be produced." ' The Coroner would -not ..say- that.it-. was:: not important now, from information .'-hei-5hadA-.'Teceived-.i.tAMr.v: Chambers protested/ against-any/infor- inatiom being/kept Lack. ' t.The - Coroner had kept back no information. rr He. had heard nor evidence except; ; in court.v nHe i -had employed an' officer to investigate the. case; '/SV.hat "that officer .had reported to him; could not, be .evidence,.. beqause -he: khad .nob; the, witnesses -here, andafc it could be received ic \vas merely corrobor-. ative'of -evidence/; already received; /and would ..not.,. enlighten the minds of , the? j ury. k;The prisoner , was, then co.mmitted to Aylesbury gaol. . : \- The prisd uer, who wore- the garb:of a: Quaker, was called in to hear the verdict . delivered.-, ,.rHe is a respectablelookinsr. i elderly man j t wilh silvery, hair, - and with (rather a; mild expression of countenance.! ;He "listened ta the verdict withoutmaui- festing any emotion, and a person unac- quaintedc.with the circumstances , -would have taken him as a casual spectator."® ' B— BWOBBMPl—W I— i \- udfter-:l)inner..&jecMJyinffii;'Wh.Oi has not known a pleas;. nt party- mtterly- done for—every element of" its pleasantness extinguished by . the demon of/.speech.- .making Ihrowing. his wet. blanket over, it? The interesting conversation — the smartly maintained argument— the quick repartee — the good . humoured badinage— all , paralysed in a mo m eri tbysome ririhappy . speechmaker> who rises from his ;chair, like a ghost through the ira'p-door and in an unfaltering stolid voice asks permis sion to propose a toast. It is granted of course. You know that iit is'.all over— the blow has been struck— enjoyment lying sprawling under the table, dying or dead. You may as well take your- hat and go home disconsolately in the rain— you know what -will follow. You knoW that the wretch is going to propose your host's, health — you know all that a crea ture of the kind says— he is 'always sure that the toast he is about to- give requires no comment— that its object requires no eulogium from him to make them all do that toast due honour. That they all know their friend— their excellent — their valued friend— and as surely as? he is- known he is esteemed — that they all can and do appreciate those, many excel lent qualities which have so generally 'endeared him either as a husband, a father, or a friend. Knowing this, and feeling this; he did believe himself called upon to, &c.; All the ,commonr place cant of compliment is duly gone through; and the deuce of it is that.tbe matter don't "end here. The toastee (there is no law against coining words as against coining half-crowns) is in duty' bound to return thanks, which process he performs, by disclaiming seriatim all the: flattery lavished upon him, and too often winding up by plastering it more upon/ another, who in his turn repeats the' iriterestirijg operation. And so it goes round--the mania is as catching as the small pox. Every- - body proposes everybody else's health. It would be an insult given to leave out anybody — received, to be left out/by everybody. Conversation, amusing; or instructive, gives place to a vapid round of compliments, neither instructive, nor- amusing, nor sincere; Yori no 'more mean what you say wheu you make, an ordinary buttering r after- dinner speech than you do what you write when you finish a letter with " Your most obedient servant/' and address it to a fellow whom you mean to kick the first time you can catch him . "We never liten - to the dreary round of inevitable compliments upon common place virtues, which so often circles about a mahogany table' without thinking of a churchyard— upon its epitaphs— its chisselled inscrip tions telling us'.that every sinner lying there was a saint, every rotting mass the remains "of virtue Beatified .;. whilri welldo we know that all is but empty wordsa glaring sample of cpnyentipnal lying I The ordinary flatteries of speechifying are just as val uable "as » the ordinary flatteries of epitaph manufacturing. ' The' Quicksand under thefNew H ouses of Parliament. Oar readers, may not be generally aware that the foundatioris of' the/ /New W estminster /Palace actually float on a quicksand. Westminster Hall arid the bid Palace,- for many" centuries— upwards of eight— have dorip the' same, so there would seem to be np.;:reaspvfor . apprehension . The ' quicksan d, unless confined; has a tendency to rise, spread, arid shift itself. It is' thororighly sur - rounded by walls of solid concrete, arid above it, keeping.it down like the cork of a bottle, is a deep bed of concrete. The foundations, however, of the Vic toria or Record Tower, as it is called, have passed through the quicksand be cause of the great weight tlie tower will have to sustain. A very ticklish oper ation was performed last week near the ventilating shaft of the present houses. To prepare for "new buildings it was ne cessary to excavate immediately close to this shaft; - and - even below" it. The workmen proceeded, almost inch by inch, stopping down the quicksand the instant it began to rise; Fears were entertained for the -safety of the shaft, which weighs two hundred tons, but no accident what ever happened — the dangers passed and the works nearly done. It was curious to see the excavations exhibiting? At once the old and- new Houses of Lords and Commons, Westminster Hall, the Crypt .of St. Stephen's,, the foundations of the . -ventilating shaft; &c.;,:&c......;:.. "- Climaxes.— A French statistical- work states? that the inclination to crime is at its maximum in men- about the - age of twenty-five, and in -woman .five? years later ; that the greatest physical "strength of- man is developed between Mhe age- of twenty-five and thirty; and the greatest mental powers between the mgevof forty- five and, fifty. 