Public Meeting. A public meeting of the colonists took place on Wednesday last in the Court-house, Perth, in order to consider of the best means to be adopted in consequence of the declared intention of the Van Diemen's Land government to grant par- dons to felons, conditional on their remaining within some one of the Australian colonies ; the object being to afford opportunity to our settlers to express their sentiments with regard to the measure, and to enter their protest against such an open violation of the rights of Western Aus- tralia. Although the unpropitious state of the weather must have deterred many persons from coming, yet the meeting was numerously and respectably attended. The Sheriff being called to the chair, explained the purpose of the meeting, and proceeded to point out, in a few very appropriate words, the nature and effects of the evil with which we were threatened ; expressing, on his own part, his most entire disapprobation of a measure which would at once involve us in all the miseries and perplexities of a convict colony, even without our possessing any of those advantages which were supposed by some to arise from such a state, by a large additional government expenditure. W. B. Andrews, Esq., stated that he held in his hand the draft of a memorial to the Secretary of State, which had been prepared in order to be submitted to the meeting for approval. He thought that the memorial would be found to express the sentiments of the meeting at large, and he would therefore move that it be read by the Sheriff, after which, should the meeting agree to it, he was prepared with a motion re- specting it. The memorial was then read by the Sheriff, as follows : — To the Right Honourable LORD STANLEY, Her Ma- jesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies. The Memorial of the Colonists of Western Austra- lia, in Public Meeting assembled, SHEWETH, — That your memorialists have learned with great alarm that her Majesty's commission has been granted to the Governor of Van Dieinen's Land to manumit a certain number of convicts annually, if he thinks fit, with the view, as your memorialists sec it alleged in the public journals, of relieving the home government of the expense of their maintenance and control, by suffering them to disperse over this, and the neighbouring colonies. That your memorialists have great reason to fear that this system is already in full operation, for they read in one of the South Australian papers that the Hobart Town Government Gazette of the 31st December, 1844, and of the 4th of January, 1845, contains a list of the names of 74 convicts to whom pardons have been granted, condi- tionally on their remaining in some one of the Australian colonies. That your memorialists beg leave respectfully to point out to your Lordship that such an arrangement as this would be tantamount, in effect, to making: this colony (together with the other non-penal colonies of Australia) a receptacle for convicts; and that, too, without providing any of the safeguards which have elsewhere been found so necessary for their supervision. And that, however un- willing they are to interfere with the arrangements of government in other colonies, they feel it a sacred duty to enter their firm but respectful protest against a measure fraught with so much evil to themselves, and which promises to uproot and disorganise that well-ordered state of society which, in the midst of many troubles, it has been their pride and boast to maintain. That owing to the comparatively small population of this colony, the effects of such an influx of felons would be even more disastrous than in older and more thickly-peo- pled settlements ; since it would be quite possible for a few hundreds of such imported felons to unsettle society in a population consisting of not more than 2,000 adults. That owing also to the small amount of crime among the white population of this colony, and their amicable relations with the aborigines, the expense hitherto incur- red for police has been very trifling ; but if once this colony is subjected to the incursions of felons, a large police establishment would become of positive necessity, the ex- pense of which, under present circumstances, the colony would be utterly unable to support. That your memorialists respectfully beg leave to remind your Lordship that, at the time when they were induced to embark their fortunes in this colony, a solemn and distinct pledge was given by her Majesty's government, that it should never be made a receptacle for convicts ; a pledge which (should this colony be now left open to the semi- pardoned criminals of Van Diemen's Land) would be entirely forfeited ; while the colonists themselves would be reduced to a much worse position than those in settlements avowedly penal, where at least some protection is afforded to the well-disposed, by the restraints put upon the con- victs by the laws, by the presence of a large military force, and by the active exertions of a numerous police. Your memorialists therefore humbly pray your Lordship, that you will be graciously pleased to submit this expression of their feelings and opinions to the consideration of her Majesty's government ; and also that your Lordship may be graciously pleased so to limit the extent of the conditional pardons as shall at least protect Western Australia from the incursions of felons, by excluding it from their range, and thus pre- vent this colony from being degraded from its present high moral position, to that of a mere asylum for the outcasts of a convict population. And your memorialists will ever pray, &c.; Mr. Bond suggested for the consideration of the meeting, whether there was in truth sufficient evidence of the alleged fact to warrant the inter- ference of our colonists in the manner now pro- posed. For his own part, he could not believe it possible that the home government, pledged as it undoubtedly was, could so far forget its promises as to sanction such a measure; and he thought that we ought to wait for some better authority than mere newspaper statements before acting on the belief of such an infraction of faith on the part of the home government, Mr. Bond pro- ceeded to say that he was far from being desirous to have the society of convicts in any way, and, in so far, he did not with to offer any opposition to the memorial ; but, besides that he saw good reason for doubting the truth of the alleged in- tention, he considered that it was a question but little affecting himself, and the class to which he belonged, in comparison with others, concerning which he had hoped to hear something said that day, and on which he himself at all events would not lose the opportunity of saying something. Mr. Bond then remarked at some length upon the bad prospects of the labouring classes, which he imputed to the inconsiderate proceedings of the heads of society, and to the faulty measures of government. [With every anxiety to do justice to Mr. Bond, we must confess our inabili- ty to follow him through his argument, it being so unconnected that nothing in the shape of a reporter, short of the ghost of old Woodfall, could ever hope to reduce it into order. On the whole, we understood Mr. Bond's meaning to be to express his own dissatisfaction, and that of the class of artisans generally, at the proceedings and measures of the leading classes, and of the local government ; and to point out that we should be much better employed in addressing ourselves to the cure of such causes of complaint, than of the one immediately under the notice of the meeting. This view of the question seemed to chime in with the opinions of a large portion of those present, by whom Mr. Bond was loudly ap- plauded.] G. F. Moore, Esq., stated that he fully ad- mitted the force of Mr. Bond's observation, that it was difficult to believe that the home govern- ment would ever so forfeit the pledge which had been so distinctly given, as to sanction the mea- sure. He himself could not reconcile it with the opinion he was bound to entertain of the honour and faith of the British government, and there were, therefore, times when he was inclined to believe that some mistake must have been made about it. Still there was the evidence before them, as it was detailed in the memorial, and he thought it was too weighty to be rejected. At all events, there could be no impropriety in the colony acting on its present amount of informa- tion ; it might be that the home government had forgotten its pledge, and if the colony now re- mained silent on the matter, the people at home might say, why did you not remind us of it in time? He certainly could not help doubting that the measure had been sanctioned, but at the same time there was a reasonable dread of it, and he, for one, was ready to say, let us at once petition against it. The learned gentleman pro- ceeded to point out the several ways in which the incursion of felons would he prejudicial to our community ; and reminded the meeting of the fact that by the arrangement dreaded, this colony would have all the disadvantages of a convict establishment, without any one of the benefits which were supposed by some to attach to it. After a few words from J. S. Roe, Esq., to the same effect, the memorial was again read by the Sheriff, when the following resolutions were put and carried, without a dissentient voice : — Proposed by W. B. Andrews, Esq., seconded by M. MacDermott, Esq. — Resolved — That the meeting do unanimously agree to this memorial ; and that a deputation consisting of Messrs. Andrews, G. Leake, and M. MacDercnott, shall wait upon His Excellency the Governor, to request him to forward the same to the Secretary of State, and also to support the prayer of the memorial. Proposed by T. N. Yule, Esq., seconded by W. J. Law- rence, Esq. — Resolved— That a copy of the memorial shall be for- warded by the Sheriff to William Hutt, Esq.,M.P., with a request, on behalf of this meeting, that he will kindly bring the subject before the notice of the House of Com- mons. Proposed by A. H. Stone, Esq., seconded by H. Cam- field, Esq. — Resolved — That a minute of this meeting shall be transmitted to Alexander Andrews, Esq., corresponding member of the Western Australian Society, with a request that he will give it all possible publicity. Proposed by W. B. Andrews, Esq., seconded by J. Harris, Esq — Resolved — That the High Sheriff be authorised to sign the memorial on behalf of this meeting. Thanks having been voted to the Sheriff for his impartial conduct in the chair, the meeting separated. A MEETING of the Trustees of the General Road Trust was hold on Wednesday last in Perth; S. Moore, Esq., in the chair. The Chairman stated that the principal busi- ness of the meeting was for the trustees to come to an understanding as to the restoration of the bridge over Susanna Brook, and to agree upon the most fitting spot for such bridge, with refer- ence to the most probable eventual line of road for crossing the Swan, to Jingenup, and the newly- settled country to the northward. A pre- paratory meeting of several of the trustees had been held, at which (the ground having been previously inspected) a position had been fixed on as the most fitting for all purposes, and he believed that there were persons present who were prepared to recommend such position to the meeting. A rough plan, exhibiting the line of road from Guildford to Susanna Brook, and continued on to where it was proposed to cross the Swan, was shown by Mr. G. F. Moore, upon which much desultory conversation occurred. Ultimately, and upon the representations of Mr. Roe, it seemed to be considered that the line was not sufficiently described to ensure it against dis- putes ; that, in the absence of a proper survey which should mark the line on the ground, the trustees were not in a position to propose that any line of road should be adopted ; and that the first step was to have the line clearly defined by actual marks on the ground. It was therefore proposed by Major Irwin, seconded by Mr. Shaw, and carried, that £5 be appropriated to mark out the road on the left bank of the Swan from Guildford to the pool in the bed of the Swan opposite Waller's ; also, a branch road to the head of the navigation ; under the direction of the trustees of the district. The meeting then separated. 