EMIGRATION TO TUE UNITED STATES. I (From the New York Express.) We have no tables at hand to show the number of emigrants that have reached our shores for the years 1842, 3, and 4; but we are well assured that they will exceed that of any former year. The following is a correct table of the number of persons that have arrived from the United Kingdom of Great Britain at Canada and the United States, to say nothing of the vast number of German and other emi grants from the continent : Canada. U. States, 1829 .. . 15,015 .. 11,501 1830 .. .. 39,000 .. 21,-133 1831 .. -.. 50,251 .. 22,007 1832 .. ,. 51,7-16 .. 28,283 1833 .. .. 21,752 .. 10,100 1831 .. .. 30,935 .. 20,510 1835 .. .. 12,527 .. 10,7-10 1836 .. .. 27,722 .. 59,07(5 1837 .. .. 21,901 .. 34,000 1838 .. .. 3.2G6 .. 13,059 1839 .. .. 7,439 .. 21,376 1840 .. .. 22,234 .. 41,500 1841 .. .. 28,080 ,. 32,509 Total 321,807 347,632 Average 26,800 28,700 It is well known that a very large portion of the emigrants that reach Canada pass directly into the United States. The average number that reached the United States direct from Britain, for twelve years prior to 1841, was nearly 29,000 a year; since that period the number has greatly increased. Indeed the number that reached this port alone, from all foreign countries, has been for a single year over 80,000. For twelve years ending in 1811, the emigration from Great Bri- tain into Canada was 324,807 Into the United States 347,632 Total 669,439 If the number arriving in this country from Great Britain alone averages 28,700, it is but ii moderate estimate to suppose that the whole emigration, from all countries, exceeds 50,000 per annum. As it is well known that a small proportion only are females, it may be safely calculated that full 40,000 are males. From this exhibit some little estimate can be made of the immense foreign vote in this country. If we take but 20,000 persons naturalized per an- num throughout the United States, and calcu- late only fifteen years, it would make the foreign vote in this country 300,000. There is every probability thnt the majority of the popu- lar vote at the presidential election would not reach 20,000. It, therefore, requires no ghost to rise up to acquaint us that tho destinies of this mighty nation have been entirely in the hands of the foreign population. How much, then, does it become that population to lose their own nationality in ours, and how much dues it become Americans to look vigilantly to the welfare of their own, The Chimes : « Goblin Story of some Bells (ha rang an Old Year out and a New Year im By Ckaulbb Dickkxs. Chapman and Hall. London, 18)5.-From the Atlas. Nothi.no could be more successful, and de- servedly so, than the "Christmas Cnrol," writ- ten at Christmas time in 1813; and few pro- ductions aie likely to bo loss successful than the present volume from the same pen, in j 18-11. We fully expected that tho " chimes' would have rung with sonorous .'?' d hiiT mouious vibtations, speaking of cLaiiiy ard mirth ; that every bell would have (-ont forth a men y ling with a distinct purpose in its pleasing sound, and the whole octavo, from treble to bass, would have been cheering and pleasant us the gladdening peal from the village church, which conies sharply «long the frosty air on a new year's day in the country. In- stead of which, the chimes aro confused and dreonij-. There is evidently no boiled leg of mutton and trimmings to second the efforts of the ringers, but they pull with inharmonious hands, as though they had been ordered-to peal them by a stilly pastor or a gouty chuich warden. To drop the metaphor, 'however, which tho title of the work suggests, we must sorrowfully jironounee, that this volume is not only Mr. Dickens's worst production, but that it is obscure, feeble, and pointless. The cha- racters are so completely overdrawn that they all become caricatures, while they are wanting in that life-like sketchiness which lins hitherto atoned for the sin of exaggeration which, is. generally the prominent fault of this gentle- man's productions. The story is this :-A poor ticket-porter, Trolly I 'eck by name, and a trotter by nature, pursues his avocation near the church, in whose chimes he feels a super- stitious interest. His dinner, when the story commences, is brought to him by his daughter, and this to him unusual feast consists of tiipe and potatoes. During the mcnl she breaks the subject of her intended marriage with a de- serving young man ; but before her father can reply, and before he has finished his repast, he is accosted by an alderman and his two friends, who call Trolly to thom-examine the remain- der of his dinner-sermonize the young girl and her lover, who had previously joined them -and the worthy alderman euts the remainder of the old man's tiipe. The noble citizen and his two friends then proceed to make the jjoor people quite wretched by prophesying all kinds of evil for them : and, giving a lutter to Trolly, bid him take it to a certain baronet, who de- clares himself the friend of the poor, in such language as to prove bim little shoit of n' nar- row-minded idiot. Poor Tiotly leaves the baronet, full)' impressed with his own moral degradation, and meeting with an unfortunate mendicant who is about going to the said baro- net, Trolly warns him that he will be iom mitted for a vagrant, und takes the poor fellow mid his child to his humble home, sharing his last sixpence with them. Trott;/, after regaling his now friends, falls asleep, and dreams ho is in the belfry of the church, where the spirits of the bells show bim in a vision what he supposes to be the vyretched lot of his daughter, his fiancée, and the poor man and his child whom ho saved from tho baronet's clutches. "When he awakes from the horrible dream, he finds it is new year's day -, his daughter is about to be mairied ; his neighbours rush in to partake of the festivities, the source of the wherewithal for which is not named, the dramatis personal aro grouped, and the goblin story is finished. If these materials, simj.Iy as they are, had been worked up with Mr. Dickens's ordinary power, wo should have had a very different opinion to record of its merits, but all the personages are feeblj drawn. Their conduct wants purpose, and they all lack life. There is scarcely any eel ion, few natural imi>ulscs. Trolly is certainly the best drawn character, but that says very "little for him, and the entire story seems as though the author had set down to mamifactuic a ' volume because he was told the public and the publishers required it. But his whole heart and soul is not in it, and the consequence is n a failure, which wo regret mote, since ¿Mr. Dickens's latter works, always saving the Carol, have certainly degenerated, and wo hoped for something fresh, with the quaint, original, sketchy spit it which distinguished this popular author in his earlier vvoiks. We extract the following scene of tripe eating, as an illustration of how quickly bur- lesque is produced if truth is not adhered to. The idea of an alderman eating Trolly1 s tripe is so absurd, that it entirely detracts from the moral which the author would point. An alderman, in our humble opinion, would be much more likely to devote trijie to the hungry jaws of the firstNcwfoundland dog that passed, than devour it himself. TUB ATjDBKMAN AXD TUB TIUl'U. "'AVho eats trino?' said Mr. Filer, warral)'. 'AVho cats tripe r "Trotty made a miserable bow. "'You do, do you;' said Mr. Filer. 'Then I'll tell you something. You snatch your tripe, my friend, out of the mouths of widows and orphans.' " 'I hope not, sir,' said Trotty, faintly. 'I'd sooner die ol' want ! ' " ' Divide the amount of tripe beforementiond, Alderman,' said Mr. Filer, ' by the estimated number of existing widows and orphans and the result will bo one pennyweight of tripe to i each. Not a grain left for that man. Conse- quently he's a robber.' " Trotty was so shocked, that it gave him no concern lo sec tho Alderman finish tho tripo himself. It was a relief to get rid of it any- how." As we have quoted this passage, icdolcnt of the ridiculous, we quote one as an offsot which conveys an excellent idea of the wind roaming through an empty edifico. AVe wish tho entire [ volume was as well written. I TUB ttlOHT-VVIl'D IN TUB fjHl/JlCII. I "There are not, I say, many re'Ojde who 1 would care to sleep in a church. I don't mean at sermon-time in warm weather (when tho thing has actually been done, once or twice),: but in the night, and alone. A great multi- tude of persons will bo violently astonished, I know, by this position, in the broad bold day. But it applies to night. It must bo argued by night. And I will undertake to muintain it successfully on any gusty winter's night ap- pointed for the purpose, with any one opponent chosen from the rest, who will meet mo singly, in an old churchyard, before an old church door; and will previously empower me to lock him in, if needful to his satisfaction, until morning. " For the night-wind has a dismal trick of wandering round and round a building of that sort, and moaning as it goes ; and of trying, with its unseen hand, tho windows and the doors ; and seeking out some crevices by which to enter. And when it has got in ; as one not finding what it seeks, whatever that may be ; it wails and howls to issue forth again ; and not content with stalking through tho aisle*, and gliding round and round tho pillars, and tempting the deep organ, soars up the roof, and strives to rend the rafters: then flings itself despairingly upon the stones below, and passes, muttering, into the vaults. Anon, it comes up Rtealthily, and creeps along the vvulls: seem- ing to read, in whispers, the inscriptions sacred to tho dead. At some of these it breaks out shrilly, as with laughter ; and at others, moans and cries as if it were lamenting. It has a ghostly sound too, lingering within the altar; where it seems to chauut, in it« wild way, of wrong and murdei done, and false Gods wor- shipped, in defiance of the tables of tho law, which look'so fair and smooth, but arc so flawed and broken. Ugh ! Heaven preserve us, sitting snugly round the fire 1 It has un awful voice, that wind at midnight, singing in a church ! " But high up in the steeple ! There tho foul blast roars and whistles ! High up in tho steeple, where it is freo to come mid go through many an airy and arch loophole, and to twist , and twine itself about the giddy stair, and twirl the groaning weathercock, and mako tho very tower shako and shiver! High, up in lito steeple, where the Belfry is ; und iroh rails aro rngged with rust ; anil sheets of lead and copper, shrivelled by the changing weather, crackle and heave beneath tho unaccustoncd tread; and birds stuff shabby nests into cornel's of old oaken joints and beams ; and dust grows old and grey ; and speckled spiders, indolent and fat with long security, swing idly to anel and fro in the vibration of the bells, and never loose their hold upon their thread-spun castles in the air, or climb up sailor-like in quick i alarm, or drop upon the ground and ply a scoro I of nimble legs to save a life ! High up in tho i steeple of an old church, far above the light and murmur of the town, and far below the flying clouds that shadow it, is tho wild und dreary place at night ; and high up in the steeple of an old church, dwelt the chimes I tell of." With these two specimens of. the abiurd and' the true wo must content ourselves,- and par readers,, we are sorry to believe, will bo quite satisfied also, 