BIGOTRY AND INTOLERANCE ON THE PART OF THE -ENGLISH CLERGY. SOME of our contemporaries have lately i been edifying themselves and their readers c in flaming tirades about the intolerance, bigotry,- and persecuting spirit of the t priests of the Catholic Church, a subject upon which they appear to be never tired of expatiating; and one in which they usually indulge in the most glaring mis representations, the most gross falsehoods and outrageous calumnies. With the greatest industry they rake up the musty chronicles of by gone ages, and like drowning men catching at straws, seize upon every little incident which may, by being twisted and turned, and fashioned to their own liking, serve to bolster up their d cause; but we never find that they have either the manliness or the honesty to tell us anything of the intolerant spirit which not unfrequently animates the breasts of the meek and holy ministers of what is falsely termed the "most mild and tolerant Church in Christendom." ° The manner in which the Church of ° England has. from her very origin under the tyrannical and sacrilegious Henry the VIII., and his no less tyrannical and dark- G minded daughter Elizabeth, persecuted all a those who dissented from her, is too well F known to those at all acquainted with Eng- h lish history, to' need recapitulation here. h Although be it remembered that during e the whole of the time the Church was t employed in these persecutions, many of I which were of the most horrible dcscrip- I tion, she was constantly inculcating that in matters of religion every man had a right r to think and judge for himself. This was indeed the great principle upon which she herself was founded, but finding that if carried too far it would utterly overwhelm I and destroy her, she has, whilst inculcating it for the sake of justifying her rebellion against the great and universal Church of Christ, endeavoured as much as possible to restrain its exercise by others, by the ap plication of the fagot, the sword, the gibbet and the gaol. That the same spirit of intolerance still exists amongst the clergy of the "law established" Church, ample proofs might be adduced, but we content ourselves with the following very. edifying sample which we find recorded in a Nottingham paper of the 14th February last. We have the pleasure of being well ac quainted with Mr. Roper, the gentleman who so nobly and manfully bearded this band of intolerants, and this is not the first time that he has stood forward in his native town to vindicate the rights of Ireland and of Irishmen, against the 'filthy calumnies and' unjust oppressions _of their enemies; and to silence and 1iut to shame the de tractors of Catholic morality and practices. From the paper alluded to, we learn that on the 11th of February, a meeting was I held in the Assembly Rooms, for the pur pose of petitioning Parliament against the increased grant proposed to be made by the Government to Maynooth. The Rev. J. W. Brooks, the Vicar of i St. Mary's, the principal parish in the town, 4 was in the chair, and nearly all the clergy from the neighbouring villages were in at tendance, and took part in the proceedings. The Chairman, in opening the business of the meeting, made a violent phillipic against the Catholic religion, which he declared was " idolatrous and an abomination to Al mighty God," that " divine honours and worship were offered to the Virgin Mary," by Catholics; and that to increase the' grant to Maynboth would only be " to encourage to a greater extent an education in which were inculcated principles of intolerance, of persecution, of disloyalty, and of that perfidy in regard to oaths, which struck at all confidence between man and man." This rev. slanderer then pretended to read quotations from the works of several Ca tholic authors 'in proof of his base asser tions. After continuing in this strain of invective for. some time, he sat down "amidstloud and repeated cheering." A Mr. Banks then proposed a resolution and petition, against the grant, which'was seconded by the Rev. G. Browne. Mr. Roper then asked permission to ad dress the meeting, but was interrupted by another of the parsons, who insisited that Mr. 1oper had no right to be heard, After some discussion, however, Mr. Roper was permitted to speak, as follows: He said, ithat It Idolatry consisted in worshipping more gods lhau one, the Catholic Church was not idolatrous. In the catechism taught every Catholic child in EnglaDd. it was asked " How manoy gods are therel'" Answer. ° one." " Are there not more than onel . ' No." "How moany persons are there in the Godhead 1" " Three." " Which be they P" " Father, Boo, and Holy Ghost." " Are theoa not tten three gods t" " No." He (Mr. Roper) did, therefore, maintain that it was false to say Rome worshipped more gods than one, or was idolatrous. (Cheers.) The second argo. ment was, that she taught perjury ; that a Catholic might take an oath, and break it if it were conve nient to do so, (Hear, hear.) This also was a misrepresentation when the matter of the Catholic claims was before Parliament, the question was sub. mitted to all'the principal colleges in Europe for their decision; and they unanimously declared, that if an= oath be taken, either to an heretic or otherwise, it must be 'observed. (Cheers.) With respect to the authors mentioned by the chairman (St. Thomas Aquinas and the rest), he questioned much whether- he (the chairman) had ever read their worke, (Cheers.) Mr. Roper then proceeded to quote the penal- acts against the Catholic school masters, and showed that, up to the year 1795, if a Roman Catholic possessed the smallest arcount of education, he had acquired it against the law He neat read a number of statistics, from: which he deduced the fact, that the Protestants in Ireland received £800,000 a year; and the Catholics,-who composed serea.eighths of the population, only £9,000 for the purposes of education. He then concluded by emphatically declaring, that if the Government were actuated by the slightest feelings of justice and right, they must adhere to their resolution of increasing the grant to Maynoo0h.. He sat down, after moving as an amendment; " Teat the resolution is drawn up in a spirit of intolerance, and ought not to be entertained by the meeting." (Loud cheers, and a storm of hisses and groans.) The Chairman said, a great mistake had been committed in allowing Mr. Roper to speak. No amendment would be received unless the gentleman who moved it would declare himself a Protestant; and then this very impartial and praiseworthy Chairman refused to put the amendment to the meet ing. The original motion was consequently carried. How extremely liberal is all this, but it truly exemplifies the words of Holy Writ, " They love darkness -better than light, be cause their deeds are evil." 