THE REGISTRAR-GENERAL'S OFFICE. WE have several times reminded our readers that in the last session of the Legislative Council, after the passing of the Estimates for the present year, a motion was made by the COLONIAL SECRETARY on behalf of the Government, for a supply of some £7000, (intended it may be presumed to cover Mr. CARTER'S salary, and other official wants,) but which was refused by the Council, on the ground that, if acceded to, it would be in fact a grant of public money, and not an appropriation : the latter word of course implying the application of the money by the Council to the particular subject matter for which it was required. As the end of the session approached, several other motions were brought forward by the Government in different shapes, pointing to the same general object, which were also negatived by the Council, and the session closed without any provision being made for Mr. CARTER'S salary. Lord STANLEY, entertaining, as it appears, very incorrect notions as to the capacity of Schedule A, had suggested that the Registrar-General's Office might be brought in for its share of the £20,000 given by that schedule to the judicial department and the Council, leaving it to Sir GEORGE GIPPS S ingenuity to squeeze Mr. CARTER into the schedule if he could find room for him, made no provision for that gentleman out of it. The close of the session, therefore, found a REGISTRAR-GENERAL in possession of an office, but with his salary to seek and of course, as Mr. CARTER felt the necessity of eating, the novelty of his position became rather embarrassing. In the hope that some arrangement might be come to, he has continued to keep the office open until the present time and as the fees taken in it not only defray the cost of carrying it on, but also yield a considerable surplus, he was lately desirous, we are informed, of being allowed by the GOVERNOR to apply the fees first to the payment of the expenses of the office, and the surplus, if any, to the maintenance of himself. As, however, the 19th clause of the Act of Council, 7th VICT., NO. 16., provides that all such fees " shall be accounted for, and paid over by the REGISTRAR-GENERAL to the Public Treasury," His EXCELLENCY would not permit the suggested arrangement and directed that the fees taken in the office should continue to be paid into the Treasury as theretofore and thus no other course was open to Mr. CARTER but to keep the office open at his own cost, or to close it at once. It is pretty obvious matters being allowed to continue in this state-that Mr. CARTER'S struggle would be but a short one, and that he must soon yield up the ghost. The members of the legal profession, seeing this-and also accurately knowing how deeply the public interests were involved in the important operations of this office-met one day last week for the purpose of entertaining a suggestion which had emanated from several of their body, that some assistance should be given to Mr. CARTER, to enable him to carry it on until the meeting of the Council. As upon due consideration, however, the matter in question was found to be one affect- ing not merely a particular section of the community, but the entire public, the attorneys and solicitors as a body declined " to advance any money for the maintenance of the office in question, beyond the fees demandable by law." It thus seemed inevitable that the office must be closed. But here, again, this unhappy gentleman was met by another difficulty. In the 28th clause of the above-mentioned Act of Council it is enacted, " That if the said Registrar-General, or any Deputy Registrar, or any clerk or person employed in the said Registrar's Office, shall wilfully or negligently omit to number, register, or enter, or to have numbered, registered, or entered, in manner hereinbefore directed, any deed, memorial, or certificate, delivered into the said office, he, the said Registrar-General, shall for every such offence forfeit and be liable to pay to HER MAJESTY, her heirs, and successors, the penalty of one hundred pounds and be further liable in damages, to the party injured, to the extent or loss of the injury sustained." Here then was matter, out of which arose a very nice question, whether, if Mr. CARTER closed the office, he would not be finable,-as well as civilly responsible by action, and even indictable, as wilfully refusing to exercise his functions. Pleasant alternative. Starvation if he kept the office open ; penalties, actions, and indictments, plus the starvation, if he closed it and such is the position of the REGISTRAR GE- NERAL of New South Wales at the present moment. Now no one who really understands the subject can for a moment doubt that Mr. CARTER'S situation is one which calls for the immediate attention of the Government ; not so much from consideration to that gentleman, (although some svmi)nH»y might be expected for an old servant,) but from regard to the public, to whom the continuance of the office is of the deepest concern. If closed, there would be almost a total discontinuance of sales, mortgages, and liens on wool and in short of all the operations of conveyancing: for who would run the risk of taking a purchase or mortgage under such circumstances? Even the Government itself would be unable to register its grants ; nor could the Acts of Council be registered, as required by law. The office, therefore, cannot be shut up, and it now entirely rests with His EXCELLENCY, by some timely and proper expedient, to make provision for keeping it open. If even the suggestion made by the bitterest enemies of the Council, that this frightful public dilemma is altogether of their creation, were true, and could be established beyond a doubt, it would furnish no excuse for the GOVERNOR'S inac- tion at the present moment. It is his duty at all times, and by all the means available to him, to prevent any and every calamity with which this community may at any time be threatened. That he possesses means adequate for the occasion cannot be doubted as, at the very worst if he felt himself bound by the Act of Council to disregard Mr. CARTER'S suggestion, he could put himself in command of the necessary funds, by abolishing for the present some less important and necessary office or offices. We repeat, that admitting the Council were originally in the wrong in this matter, the whole responsibility must rest with the GOVERNOR, if it can be here- after shown that by any arrangement whatsoever on His EXCELLENCY'S part the office might have been continued. Meanwhile, if Mr. CARTER should not be immediately relieved from his present difficulty, let him close his office at once and if he fear any of the civil or criminal unpleasantnesses referred to in clause 28, we believe his risk on this head, would, in the contemplation of a lawyer, be regarded as so very small that we should have no objection to insure him from it, at an almost nominal premium. 