THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. t he Chronicle told the public a few weeks ago, 'when he ran away from the contest he had com menced by throwing dirt at the Sentinel, that he objected to the introduction of "strictly religious topics" into newspapers. That this was only a cowardly pretence for avoiding a contest which he knew he could not maintain was fully shown in this paper ; and the Chronicle , as if to confirm that opinion, favors bis readers, in his publication of Saturday last, with several columns on a strictly religious topic," nay, on what he himself calls " one of the most important points of dogmatic theology ; namely, whether fhere are, or are not, -two Catholic Churches." If this be a question of dogmatic, or opinionative, theology, the Chronicle deserves the honor of being the first to moot it ; but it is not a matter of opinion at all ; it is a plain matter of revelation, that there is but One holy. Catholic and Apostolic Church, which is the body of Christ, which has existed through all ages from the fall of man, and shall continue to exist through all the ages of eternity; which is built on the foundation of the Apostles of the new, and the prophets of the old, dispensations, and of which Jesu3 Christ Himself is the chief corner-stone, " in whom all the building, fitly framed together, grow- eth unto nn holy temple in the Lord.'' The Chronicle is one of those writers who like 4o have the discussion all to themselves, and con sider all who dispute their assertions as beneath their notice. He prefers the hostility of the Senti nel to his friendship; the Southern Queen has ex pressed the same flattering preference; how far 4hese writers are fulfilling the new command ment" of that Lord whom . they profess to serve, may be left to their own consciences. Let them however solemnly ponder on this passage of holy writ: — " He that lovetli his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him : But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that daftness hath blinded his eyesf If the writers in question are so full of hatred that they throw friendship aside as a worth less thing, and cannct entertain different doctrinal opinions without venting their malice against their antagonist in a -strain of coarse personal invective, it is plain that they have but little claim to the character of those who abide in the light. From the darkness in which they are groping they can only be delivered by the light of the glorious gos pel of Christ shining in their hearts; in the mean time, without any personal hostility to either, it will be the duty of the Sentinel to continue to ad minister lo them, as opportunity shall he afforded, such wholesome castrgatian as their indecent at tempts to misguide the public deserve. On this -occasion, the Chronicle is to be brought to the triangles for punishment, for having falsely and treasonably misrepresented the holy Catholic, and Apostolic Church of Christ, and having attempted -to defend the claims of that foul and hi asp he mo us pretender, the Pope of Rouie. The Chronicle, tbough he will not enter into the fsts with the Sentinel, well Knowing that he would ei & beating, has no objection to make a flourish &hen; he knows he is at a safe distance. He will; not reply to an " obscure adventurer," who might prove a Tartar, but he thinks it fair and honorable to pick up a casual expression used by the Chief Justice in passing sentence on a private soldier. The expression reported to have been employed by His Honor is " The Roman and Anglo- Catholic ministers ;" and was obviously used in allusion to the clergy of the Churches of Rome and England, of whom His H onor desired to speak in the phrase ology which he conceived would be least likely to give offence— his object was not to excite theologi cal discussions, but to pass sentence on a criminal Without attempting to defend the too general custom- of calling false systems and principles by the false names assumed by their propoundeis, through a mistaken feeling of courtesy, there can be no doubt that His Honor never intended to as sert the nonsense imputed to him by the Chronicle. He could never iutend to say, that there are two Catholic Churches, nor that either the particular1 Church of England, or the particular Church of Rome, are the " one holy Catholic and Apostolic Church'1 for which Christ died, and in which, as Christians, many believe, who have no communion with either one or the other of those particular Churches. In all the reasoning therefore (if it may be so styled) which the Chronicle em ploys -to prove the impossibility of two opposite universal propo sitions being both true— an impossibility which the merest tyro in logic can perceive with half an eye — the writer is only beating the air. No man of common sense ever maintained so ridiculous a fallacy. But the Church of Rome has propounded a logical fallacy of equal absurdity with that which the Chronicle takes such pains to expose, viz : that the particular Church of Rome is the universal Church of Christ ; and the Puseyites, or, as they are fond of styling themselves, the Anglo-Catho lics, assert with almost equal pertiuacity that this universal character belongs to the Church of Eng land, or, at least, that the Catholic Church of Christ is divisible into such particular national Churches as acknowledge the episcopal form of Church government and a succession of ministers in a direct line from the Apostles, arid that these particular Churches together make up the tc one, holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church;'' that is, that a number of particulars make a universal ; that a number of visibles make an invisible, a num ber of fallibles an infallible, a number of corrupti- bles an incorruptible. The Church of England, be it remembered, has never asserted this mon strous absurdity ; she acknowledges that particular Churches may err, and have erred, as the Church of Alexandria, the Church of Antioch, and the Church of Rome, both in matters of discipline aud of faith, and openly denies that one visible Church has any dominion over another. Into this Tracla- ran'falltcv, however, further enquiry mint be pe s poned ; for the present, let the reader observe the precious argument by which the Chronicle attempts to shoar upthe rotten ecclesiastical fabric of Rome Hear this theological Aristotle 1st. — God has left to man a guide to faith .and salva tion. 2nd. — He cnuld rot as God, leave him a guide who could mislead him into error, falsehood, idolatry, or perdition : therefore, such guide must be infal'.ible in points of faith, 14 without which it is impossible to 1 lease God." 3rd. — Either that infallible guide then, must be the Catholic Church taught by the Holy Spirit, and sus tained by the power of Christ through all ages ; or 4th. — This infallible guide is human reason and private judgment of scripture. A little reflection on these four short and simple pro positions, may enable anyone, even without learning, to see which of the two. is the guide left -by a mercilul, and benign Reedeemer, who wills not that any be lost. The first and second of these propositions are indisputable. God has indeed left to man au in fallible guide to faith and salvation ; but it by no means follows, that that infallible guide should be either the Catholic Church, taught "by the Holy Spirit," or " human reason and private judgment of Scripture."' The Catholic Church, being in visible, aud consisting partly of living men, partly of the spirit of just men, and partly of men yet unborn, cannot be a guide to man, because the notion of collective and authoritative teaching by a body not yet completed, and whose numbers no man can number, is utterly preposterous, and is not even hinted at in Scripture. It is equally ab surd to suppose human reason to be the infallible guide; for if human reason had been infallible, man would have had no occasion for a guide at all. But what saith the word of God concerning this " guide to faith and salvation ?" 'Tbe Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in My name, He shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, what soever I have said unto you." " When He, the Spirit of Truth, is come. He will guide you into all truth." " When the Comforter is corner. ..He shall testify of me, aod ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with Me from the beginning." It appears, therefore, from the plain language of Jesus Christ himselfj that the in fallible Guide given by God tofman, who cannot mislead him into error , falsehood , idolatry , or perdition , is not any collection of infallible men, or , fallible bodies of men, nor vet the fallible Teason of individual men, but the Holy Ghost, the third Person of the Blessed Trinity, "the Lord and giver of Life, who proceedeth from the Father and ihe Son, who with the Father and the Son to gether is .worshipped and glorified." This Blessed Teacher is the only Guide whom God hath ever given to man. He was not given to the Apostles merely : He did not first descend on the day of Pen tecost; for we are expressly taught by the Apostle Peter, whom the Papists most falsely hold up as the Rock on whom the Gburch of Christ was built, that 44 the pTophecy came not Tn old time bythe will of man ; but holy men of God spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." The claim, then, of the Church of Rome n be the Catholic Church, and as such an infallible guide to man, is plainly absurd and impious. It has indeed been said- that the Holy Ghost was given as a guide specially to the Apostles, and that it was through them that the Comforter was to guide man to faith and salvation. One of the pas sages above quoted has been supposed to confirm this opinion. Our Saviour said to his Apostles, " He shall testify of me ; and ye also shall bear witness, &c.;," from which it has been inferred, that the Holy Ghost descended primarily on the Apostles, and that it was through their instrumen tality, first in hearing witness of what they had seen and heard, and subsequently, by the imposition of hands, that the gilt of the Holy Ghost was com municated to other members of the Church Such a notion, however, has arisen from a superficial view of Scripture. The Spirit undoubtedly first descended on the Apostles (excepting, of coure the descent of the Hove on the human nature of Christ) — at least the outward manifestation of His descent was first given upon them, as a pledge that the Blessing from on high promised by the Son had been sent upon the blessed of the Father. But it would be a gross misrepresentation of the character. ana office of the Divine Paraclete, -to .say that II is direct operations on the souls of men were limited to the Twelve Apostles, .and -.that through- their means alone He was afterwards communicated to the Church. The office of the Paraclete is far more extensive than such meagre theology supposes. The Apostles and of course, their supposed successors, the Chris tian Bishops, are placed by these dogmatists in that rank in the Christian system which corresponds to that occupied in the Solar System by the primary planets, or those which revolve round the cent.e..O| light and heat ; while the -inferior clergy and laity, like the moon and the other satellites, are only brought under the influences of the celestia luminary by their dependence on the ringleaders in the ecclesiastical cycles. This sort of polemic astrology may be very favourable to the claims of the Popish and Puseyite Clergy, but is not sup- norted bv Scripture. The direct operations of the Holy Spirit were not confined to the Apostles. When He descended on the Gentiles, the Apostle who was present, Saint Peter, had no hand hi the communication of the gift. It was the im mediate gift of God consequent 4 on the faith of Cornelius and his household in Jesns Christ whom Peter had preached to them. And it is worthy of remark, that it was after this descent of the Holy Ghost that the Gentile converts were baptized — in fact, their having received the Holy Ghost was expressly . stated by the Apostle to be the reason of their baptism. The Papists and the Oxford heretics tells us that Baptism is the cause of regeneration or the gift of the Holy Ghost. St- Peter thought differently; but what is the judg ment of an individual against the testimony of the Church," which cannot mislead man into error or perdition ? According to the prophet Joel, a day was to come when the Spirit should be poured out on all flesh, not merely on a few ecclesiasti cal persons. Our Saviour likewise told bis disci ples that when the Spirit should come He would reprove Me world concerning s'id, and concerning righteousness, and concerning judgment. If such plain declarations as these do not prove, that the operations of the Holy Ghost are general, and not limited by any ceremonial institutions, however useful and important these maybe in their own place ; if the explicit language of Scripture does not utterly refute the arrogant assertions of the Church of Rome, and prove the moonshee of the Chronicle to be no logician, then Revelation is a mockery, and man's reason is given him to delude him. The blasphemies of the Chronicle against the Bible, which is the voice of the Holy Ghost, are almost too horrible to be published. For the pre sent, the subject must be postponed, as want both of lime and space effectually prevents any farther discussion in the present number. 