Stm&ao; (goriter, ON THE SABBATH. to the editor of the lc sentinel.'' . Sir— In my former communication I considered the subject of the Sabbath as it was given to man, as a blessing accompanying the covenant oi works, whether to our first parents or to the children of Israel ; distin- guishing them from the nations, and pointing them out as God's own people. , But as they, like the rest of the children of men, did not continue to keep that cove, nant, but broke it, I concluded that they could not re ceive the accompanying blessing, and, as it was there fore necessary, that a new covenant should be made, and was made, it becomes us to enquire — Is the Sab bath of the seventh day abrogated, and if so, is any other instituted' Man was in a state of amity with God, and he was made under law to him ; but the law under which m.an was originally placed, was not a Sabbatic law. The law under which God was pleased to place man, was the law of a .positive precept. " Thou shalt not eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil." The Sabbath was given to man, as is seen before for a benefit ; it was not given, like the other, as a test of man's obedience. Man, iu bis state of original purity, loved the Sab bath as an infant loves its mother's breast. The circumstances under which the law of the X commandments was given were very different. Man had become totally corrupt, and none of the children of men knew the deceitfulness and desperate wicked ness of his own heart. The law of the X command ments was given that sin might be known, or, as the Apostle says, (Rom. v. 20th) " That the offence might abound;" also, (Tim. i. 9.) "The law was made l'or the lawless and disobedient ;" and so the law being holy, and requiring perfect obedience, which the fallen chil dren of men were unable to yield, did, by shewing them their sinfulness, become their schoolmaster, to bring them to Christ, (Gal. iii. 24 and 25.) And we sec how admirably calculated to answer this end was the law regarding the Sabbath ; for it required of them, not to think their own thoughts, nor to do their own deeds, but to enter into communion with God ; and this, being not at all suited to their carnal desires, the Sab bath, of necessity, became a weariness to them, (Mat. I. 3.) plainly shewing the alienation of their hearts from God. The original Sabbath, being one of the blessings at tendant upon their continuing in a state of amity and obedience to God, must, therefore, of necessity, cease when these cease. It was an attendant on a covenant of works and could not exist without the covenant to which it was annexed; and that this Sabbath has com. pletely passed away is fully shewn by the Apostle Rom. xiv. 5 and 6. (He classes it among Jewish obser vances) " One man esteemeth one day above another— another esteemeth everyday alike; let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind, he that regardeth the day, regardeth it to the Lord ; and he that regardeth not the day to the Lord, he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks ; and he that eateth not to the Lord, he eateth not, and giveth God no thanks," &c.; But that the Sab bath of the seventh day was attached to the covenant of works, and not to the covenant- of grace may be seen from, the very circumstance, that they were to labour at their duty first, and then rest after their six days work was over. But the covenant of Grace, being of a different spirit, if there is a weekly Sabbath, it must of necessity run thus t " Enter into "my rest, and then work the works of Love and Gratitude— which brings us to the'consideration of whether another "day was in stituted. Before, however, entering upon this, it may not be unsuitable here to turn our attention to our Lord's comment on the Sabbath ; because some look upon it as our authority for the change. Let as examine it ; for although it says nothing about a change, we will be sure to receive some instruction on the subject of the Sabbath. Let us take it as it is, (see Math. xii. 1st to 13.) " At that time Jesus went on the Sabbath day through the corn; and his Disciples were an hungered and began to pluck the ears of Corn and to eat. But when the Pharasees saw it they said unto him, " Be hold ! thy disciples do that which is not lawful to dp on the Sabbath days." But he said unto them, " Have ye not read what David did when he was an hungered, and they that were with him ; how he entered into the honse of God and did eat the shew bread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him , but only for the Priests ? Or have ye not read in the Law, how that on the Sabbalh days the Priests in the Temple profane the Sabbath and are blameless? But I say unto you, that in this place is one Greater than the Temple , but if ye had" known what this meaneth — " I will'have mercy and not Sacrifice," ye would not have condemned the guiltless, for the son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath day." On a candid examination of this passage it Would appear, that our Lord's object was to exculpate his Disciples and, at the same time, to give some instruction about the nature of the Sabbath, and if by the expression of the Son of Man in this place he means himself, he must allude to his human nature and not to his divine nature, as will be more fully seen1 as we examine the passage. The circumstances were these : — Here were his disciples re ceiving his instructions, and through him enjoying communion with God; and for the support of their body and to allay their hunger, partaking of a little food, such as would enable them to maintain that com munion ; and they are found fault with by the Phara sees without cause ; for there was no precept in the law which forbade it. Our Saviour, therefore, takes the opportunity, first to shew by what a different spirit they were actuated— from God, who in a case of need did not chide David, even when he-did a thing that was positively forbidden, and therefore unlawful, ("it is not said he did'it on the Sabbath day,) but meirely points to that as a circumstance wherein an act which was un lawful, expressly prohibited, was done yet not reproved. On account of need at the time God did not chide David for it. Our Lord then' proceeds to shew, that wha his disciples had done was not only no transgres sion, but was quite consistent with, and had not even so much appearance of evil as what was done every Sabbath. He directs their .attention to the labours of the Priest in the Temple, slaughtering and dressing oxen, &c.; Here was positive servile occupation which, in itself, was forbidden, publicly tolerated— nay, even required. Why? That man might, through the me dium of the Temple services, 'obtain communion with God; for there God foftnerly recorded his name, But says our Lord, " In this place is one greater than the Temple ?'.' Why ? Because the temple services eonT sisted of types and shadows of the great propitiation j Whereas, before them stood him in whom shone all the fulness of the Godhead bodily. The only true medium of communication between God and man, and as a close to the argument, he says, " For the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath day." If there is any doubt as to the correct meaning oi this "expression, the parallel passage (Mark ii. 23 to end) will set it completely at rest. After relating the same events, it concludes in these words— (verse 27) " And He said unto them — the Sabbath was made for man— not man for the Sab bath. Therefore, the Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." : Having, as I hope, candidly and considerately, ex amined our Saviour's dissertation on the Sabbath, I now proceed with the enquiry — Was the original Sab bath annulled and another instituted? And having, as I thiDk, shewed clearly, that the Sabbath of the seventh day, being one of the benefits attached to the covenant of works, whether made with Adam or the children of Israel, must of necessity, have been annulled when the covenant itself was broken -whieh view is also con firmed by the language ef the Apostle, who calls those weak (i.e. little instructed,) in the faith, who look on the Sabbath of the seventh day as binding. We now proceed to enquire— Is there any other day appointed, or is there now no keeping of a Sabbath for the people of God ? Passing by what seems to allude to it. (Heb: iii. and iv.) and alsa the Psalm saying " This is the# day God made, &c.;," both of wiiicii appear to refer to'a weekly Sabbath, but may .afford room for question, let us at once go to tlie root of the matter. Our Saviour, previously to being received up into Heaven, gave command to his Disciples, saying— " Go ye and teach all nations, baptizing tliem in (or ratber into) the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, teaching -them to observe all things whatsoever i have commanded you." Here, then, is a command given to teach — and what were they to teach ? Both what was to be believed and what was to be observed. Here was the Lord of his own house commanding the head servants of his house hold to appoint, set in order, arid arrange the affairs of his house, according to the instructions he had for merly given them ; for he had continued with them forty""daysafter his resurrection, speaking to-them of the things pertaining to his kingdom; (Acts 1.3.), and how: were : tbey to doit? By precept and example; by voice and writing. Whatever, therefore," we find 'practised as a custom of the church, sanctioned by the Apostles, I hold to be binding on us. These are the traditions which Paul enjoins upon Timothy, to hold fast and not only so, but also to commit the same to faithful men who sliall be able to teach others also, and so particular was he that he commands him to bold fast even the form of sound words, (2nd Tim. i. 13.) And in writing to the Thessalonians, the Apostle commends them for becoming followers of the churches, which in Judea, were in Christ Jesus. Let us endeavour to merit the same commendation, for it is the commenda tion of the Spirit of God ; and having abundant evi dence that they did this, I look upon more positive pre cept as unnecessary. But; in addition to this, we have analogy so strong, that it seems impossible for the most sceptical to deny the sanctiiication and blessing of the first day of the week. It was the first day of the week on: which our glo rious Lord ascended'to Heaven, and for ever sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on liigb. It is written that the Creator blessed the seventh day ? and is it not recorded, that the Redeemer both blessed the first day and made it a blessing. -Having died fur our sins did be not, on the first day of the week, lise for our justifi cation ? Did he not appear to some of bis disciples at the sepulchre ; and again to others on the way to Emaus; and again to the twelve, on the same night, as they were assembled together? Did he not appear to view that day eight days, being the first day of the week, when they had again assembled ? Was it not on the first day of the week that he breathed on them, saying " Receive ye the Holy Ghost ?" Was he not taken up to Heaven, ohile iii the very act of blessing them, on the first day of the week? And again, on what day did the blessed outpouring of the Spirit take place, buton the day of Pentecost, being the first day of the week ? Tt is called " the day that God made," (Psalm cxviii. 25,) and " the Lord's Day," (Rev. i. 10,) and is spoken of as the day on which the Disciples came to gether to break bread ; from all which I conclude, that when the precept was delivered, " Forsake not the as sembling of yourselves together," the Apostle alluded to their stated weekly assembling, when they came to gether, on the first day of the week to break bread. From all which it appears, that the former rest having passed away, there still remaineth a keeping of a Sab bath for the people of God. In my next, therefore, by the permission.of God, I will pursue the investigation as to how it is to be kept. ; THEOPHILUS. 