PUBLICANS' LICENSES. The first quarterly meeting of Justices of the Peace, for 'tbe transfer of licences, and for certificates of approval of new licences, was held at the Court House onMonday. Transfers.— William Kitson, from Daniel Judson, of the Launceston Hotel, Brisbane-street. Alexander Mauhyssens, from George Lukin, Wharf Hotel. Daniel Milne, from George Mann, of the Wine Vaults, George-street. New Licenses. — Samuel Feutrill, Wheelwright's. Arms, Corner of George and Brisbane-streets. Walter Thomson, Carpenter's Arms, Charles-street. Adam Yatee, Birdin Hand, Geor^e-strect. Applications refused. — Thomas Beck, Wellington Arms ; John Powell Courtier, ' The case is altered,' (late London Coffee- bonse), Wellington-street. Tim Ghost down the River. — Several versions hav ing been given of this affair, and no little talk indulged in amongst ' old wives and young,' we insert the following for tbe special use of our 'gossipping' friends. A recent communication was made to tbe Police Magistrate by Mr. Plummer, wbo lives about 15 miles down thenver, that his family had been much annoyed by a mysterious visitor in tbe . shape of a ghost, or ' something like,' and that stones and [ other missiles were being constantly thrown on the roof of the house, strange. Utters thrust through the windows.tand various unearthly noises heard, sufficient to fright the house (not to say the isle) from 'its propriety.' A small body of police, consisting of Mr. Detector Vanderville, Sergeant Nicholls, &c; , marched off on the special misBionof ' Btart ing the ghost,' or otherwise helping to solve the mystery. Having reached the premises, and put their. prying talents into play, they were soon enabled to form en opinion of their.own on the subject ; what that wbb, it is unnecessary to state at present. It may, however, be observed, en passant, that there resides another family in the neighbour hood, some of the membe'rs of which are not on the most obliging terms with Mr. Plummer; from that family the ghost is wont to keep At a respectful distance. Tbe con stables, having made their arrangements, lay in ambush at night, when, at the usual hobgoblin bour, they heard the (V'a!*h« V » J —_ _ ? ' '. '.^t I TUT Itnl' n'nctiali '«frn n«*n -nrkf at I! ziviOCQj OUU flttW ''™ a sbBli ? f T unt t/UDUuu| .*?« niv.uwt c*« *s berty to publish ; suffice it to say, |hat enough was elicited by the able and experienced ghost hunters, to, justify their return to town, where having reported progress their num bers were re-inforced, and a, strong body of constables started ott to the haunted. spot, where Auld Hornie . la lanely.howiie'deligbts .to stray, And fright -the nightly wanderer's way,. Wi' eldritch croon. This second detachment, having tajjer^ ihe necessary pre cautionary ; steps, under the ^irect^n of'^itr. Midgelfey, Constable Morris (whose adroitness in, .'executing difficult duty bas more than once been adverted to in our columns) was. poster) in front of the house, and other constables in the orchard at the rear ; but, strange to say, although some cu rious conversation was heard amongst .certain members of € family, the ghost declined making his appearance. . In icpurss of tbe enquiries and search instituted, however, )pk waB found, from which some leaves had been, torn out, and which corresponded with the letters that had formed part of; .the annoyance , No. doubt was entertained that ' the' ghost' was one of the family, and somebody ought to be heartily ashamed of pausing auch a fright, and taking so many of the police -from their legitimate duty. The constables returned totown,«ad a further batch of pb. licemeo.went down towards the endoflast week, to rusticate in the neighbourhood for a while, and try and lay the 'evil spirit,' This time a letter ; arrived {not by post), warning Mr. Plummer, that bis large bay stack would be shortly set on -fire. The letter had tbe appearance of having been just written, and tbe superscription was scarcely dry. Tbe constables bid themselves immediately in 'tbe vicinity, and they were hardly stowed away before Csure enough) tbe stack was in a blase, although, f here was no appearance of any person having been near t}fe spot. Nothing satisfactory has yet transpired, but it is pretty dear that the original opinion formed by Mr- Midgeley, and his Aide-de-camp is about correct. We hope when Mr. Ghost is discovered,' be will be found to be worth powder and shot, /or really if he is a 'gentleman,' he will see tbe propriety of paying the piper (or rather the police) for the trouble occasioned toy his ghost-snip for the last three weeks. - The Eclipse. — The annular eclipse of tbe Sun on Fri day, was visible to the naked eye, but could be seen to great advantage through a telescope, or a piece of smoked glass. We are indebted to the genius and researches of scientific mien for our present knowledge flf tHesblar «ys tera, and other astronomical subjects— a part of study '- that never Jails to 'interest and instruct the young enquirer after, knowledge. An eclipse is the darkening of some luminary by the interposition of an opaque (dark) body between it and the 'eye, or between it and tbe:sun. ;Nbw,-bbth the earth and thetaoon are opaque bodies, cbnsequetrtlyfdo not suffer. tbe sun's light to pass through them, and they cast a stronir shadow when he shines on them. Since the moon moves round the earth, -she will at one point of her orbit (path) come between the earth and the sun, and tbui con ceal the sun from our view ; but at the opposite point of her orbit, tbe earth will casts-strong shadow upon her ; the former case is called anmeclipse of the sun ; the latter, an eplipse of the moon. This may be easily demonstrated by a simple experiment :— Place a candle on a table in a dark ened room, and let twu balls (one larger than the other) be suspended by threads at different distances from, but in a direct line with, ech other. Ill' this position the larger ball would represent the earth— the smaller one (rt a few inches distance) the moon — the candle, the sun. If the larger ball (the earth) is placed nearest to the candle (the sun), a total eclipse of the smaller ball (the moon) would be exhibited; but by changing the situation of the balls, ah eclipse of the sun would be shown— the light of the Candle being prevented from shining on the larger ball,- by tbe in terposition of the small one*; in other words, the sun would be eclipsed by the moon coming between it and that part of the earth that was turned to it. As the moon is ao much smaller than the sun however, we always observe a ring of light surrounding tbe darkened part, on which account such eclipse of the sun is termed an annular (circular) eclipse, like that of 'Friday last. It is truly ludicrous to read about the superstitious notions entertained in by-gone days, and even' in our own time, both in civillized and heathen countries, on this subject. * ? The following is recorded by 'a learned traveller in India, who thus writes ; ' On December 26th 1833, there was an eclipse of the moon. Thousands of people came from all directions to bathe in the Ganges, and to give alma to the Brahmins, in accordance - with the sbastere (or heathen scriptures) in order to alleviate the sufferings of the people in the moon, who (moon and all) are said) to be swallowed up by Rah, at the time of an eclipse. I had tbe account from one of the Brah(nins,as follows. When ViBhnu churned the sea, fourteen Ratan '(previous things) came out ; one' of them was Madera (Wine),- another Atnrit (Immortality.) Vishnu.being desirous to give thfetoadera to the Rakshas(de mons). and Amrit to tbe.Deotas (sods), caused the Deotas to sit on one side, and Rakshas on the other ; and having distributed the Madera among the Rakshas, and made them drunken, he began to give the Atnrit to the OeotBB. One Raksba, however, whose name was Rah, having per ceived what Vishnu was going to do, took the form of a ?Deota upon him, and sat among them. Vishnu, mistaking him for a Deota, gave him Amrit (or immortality.) But Chanpermah, (moon,) and Surgj, (sun) seeing what Vi ehun was doing cried out, ' Heh Vishnu I what are you doing i this is a Raksha.' Hearing this, Vishnu at once knew him ; and having his weapon in his hand, cut off his head ; but it was now too late. Rail, having drunk Amrit, was immortal; and ri'frw, being -enraged at the «u* ?and moon; *»: the principal '(causes ^pf his misfortune, hethunts' them through the skyVand whenever he can gtet 'the'm^ Be will lay hold of them. Sometimes he can get only a part of the moon,' and then a partial eclipse takes place;' but sometimes, coming just in front of the moon, he swallows her up, and then a total eclipse is caused. When be hap pens to get the moon so between bis teeth, as to be able to swallow her up, tbe people in the moon, while she is pass ing through his terrible mouth and neck, have very much to suffer, as may be imagined. But if the people on earth at the time of an eclipse, bathe in the Ganges, and give alms to the Brahmins, they not only obtain thereby remis sion of all their sins, but also obtain very effectual means of alleviating the really pitiful state of the poor people in the moon. This story, unreasonable as it may appear to us, is most heartily believed by thousands. Sodden Deith.— On Monday evening John Goodacre, & young man in the semoe of Mr; Price, shopkeeper, Brisbane street, died under very affecting circumstances. Deceased was in peifect health at ten-time, and afterwards went into the gar. den to work, but did not return nt eight o'clock, ai he was ac customed to do. Search Was made, and he wai discovered tit ting on a barrow motionless. Mr. Price hastened out to the spot, when the young man looked at him, and heaved a heavy sigh and then immediately breathed his last. A Coroner's Inquest was held ye»lerd»y-t Mr. Judsons, Launceston Hotel : Dr. Ward (who bad been called in to deceased) was of opinion that death resulted from an effusion of blood «n the brain, & the Jury' returned a verdict accordingly. _ .... . . ? Places oi Worship Cwsed.— $he Scotch Kirk in Charles street, and three or four dissenting plkces of Worship were shut up on Sunday evening, 'to enable the respective congregation's to attend a special ' gathering ' sit the Chapel in'Tamkr-street Removal e* PaupMKas.— On Monday John Duffy! and nine other convicts, who hstjl, .been tried and . sentenced at the last Supreme Court were marched from the Giol, escorted by si guard of the 11th Regiment *na a body «1 eoniUbVei. Several of the men are intended for Port Arthur. ' .''''' Robberv ** thb Xahuhum Inn.— Between :9,*pd ,10 o'clock od Saturday . night, . a foom, on , .the grpundrjloor. of the Taimanian Ion near the Cataract Hill .wasbroken into, and wear ing apparel, silver spoons, a gold ring, and other articles «f the value of between' £30 and £40 Stolen belonging 16 Mr. Mitchell Suspicion svas eicited against a blacksmith ia the neighbourhood und a body of Coustablet beaded by |klrr!liupeclpr£cod prpceeded to the shop the tame evening.. A.s toon as he saw them approach the blacktmilh endeavoured to inaWliis escape, but having bro ken si window for the purpose, he wai 'nailed ' befoie lie -could take his leap,1 and ? sairof trousers, part of the stolen property »*sfound on- his premises. It ?« ems, this man tvas ia tae tap. room during the evening, in company with several companions who got up a disturbance, )tj/ singing, loud-talking 4c, in tfat midst of which the robbiry wai, we suppose effected: Tb» knights of the 'Jemmy ' teem to patronize the publican's very liberallv ofUtet they should: be snore on their guard ., . Licht-Hodseb. — A Committee appointed, ,{iy. the Council *f Sydney to enquire into tbe state of Barks* Straits, with the view of tbe erection of ? Light- House— recommend foor to be built, ? one on Cape Otvray,_one on King's I»I»nd,_ one on Kent's Group, and one on Cape Howe- - ? '? - ?Lbouutivb Coukciu— We have, purposely omitted the pub lication o/tbe proceedings of the Legislative Council during its present sittings, thinking that the perusal of » fiuthful report of them, by influential gentlemen in EngUnd (many al'whbin are nowjdiiposedloaiuist the colonies) would: not inoretae any f« vouraUe opinion they may Mfe totm*! of us ; the entire popu lation of the colony must appreciate ^ the. motive which hu influ enced the oppoiition members in their late extraordinary conduct to tbe Representative of Majesty,— 'but will not fail to regret tha absence or those most necessary oUervaooeu by Which good society is guided, and which— under any ;circunisUnces— gentlemen never forget. . , , „ ( ;...;.., . Gor Fawk«s Day. —This being the 6th uo( November *of sun powder plot celebrity, we caution our juvenile /riendi against tot danger or discharging fire-works in the public streets, as where theie are so many wooden tenamenu, the mostserioUs consequen ces might result from wanton ,«or careless spprling with fire. There can be no objection to ,a little. harmless mirth in suitable situations on Guy Fawkcs day; and as«omereii| 'orthodox' fire-Works (neat ss imported), may be obtained ia the town, we suppose there will be ™- rtsirting «ie efflgy-burning custom bf Old England, although in many placet it has become nearly oh. «olete. The Police will be on the alert to prevent accidents, and to apprehend parties who infringe the. provisions of the Police Act. ? ' ? ?::..?? . ? . ' ? . 