ITEMS OF ENGLISH ;NEWS. (From the papers by the Symmetry.) Lord Brougham's bill to amend the law of marriage will extinguish Gretna Green, at least as a refuse for English lovers. It provides that no marriage in Scotland sball betvalid unless both the parties were born in Scotland, or reside thsr», or have lived in Scotland for three weeks preceding the marriage. M. Arago estimates" the rapidifcv of transmission by the electric telegraphy at 32,000 Ie?g:ies per boar. NEW IMPORTS.—ft was stated before one of the Parliamentary railway committees, that strawberries were sent from Cologne to Manchester, and thai water-cresses were'imported by the ton. PROPOSED TCNNKL THROUGH LONDON.—It is said that Mr Stephenson bas suggested the construction of a tunnel from Jlyde-park corner to Mile-end, for the purpose of easing the great leading thoroughfares of their present throng of passengers^ From this trunk line communication would be had with the streets above by means of spiral staircases, under cover, at regular distances, and branch tunnels would lead off to the various suburbs north of the Thames, Regent's-park, Highgste, Hampstead, Tottenham, &c; ; in these tunnels railway omnibuses would run, and a journey from one end of London to the other might be accomplished in half-an-hour or forty minutes, while the streets above would be considerably cleared, and much of the present confusion prevented. Such a proposal may at fir^t to many persons appear absurd, but the plan is undoubtedly practicable, and though enormously expensive, the nature of the soil (London clay) is favorable, and the great^traffie which would arise would probably pay a moderate interest. " THIS IS THE WAY THE MONEY GOES."—In the year 1843, eight millions one thousand four hundred and forty-nine pounds, one shilling, and fourpence, was spent by the people in this kingdom in tobacco! a tolerably round sum to " end in smoke " If the weed had been worked into pigtail, rather more than haif-an-ineh thick, it would have formed a line 99,470 miles Iong-«- long enough to go nearly five times round the world ! There is now living in Gateshead one of the aboriginal inhabitants of the Australian continent, an orphan boy, brought to England by Mr Forster, of Gateshead, wlio went out to South Australia some years ago as the agent of Mr G. F.. Angas. The lad is an orphan, and was taken oat of the " bush." He speaks broken Engl sh, can read and write, and is as intelligent as the ordinary run of boys of his age.—Newcastle Journal. ADVERTISING.—There is but one way of obtaining business—publicity ; one way of obtaining publicity—advertisement: the newspaper is the flying-wheel by which motive power of commercial enterprise is sustained, and money the sl'-.am by which the advertising is kept going.— Blackwood's Magazine. DIFFUSION OF GENTILITY.—Obstinate sceptics may occasionally be met with who doubt whether the mass of societ}' is more intelligent and moral in this generation than in the generations which preceded it; I ut no one can deny that it is vastly more genteel. Acquaintances are czrfwith whom our fathers would not have scrupled to associate; occupations are shunned in which they engaged without scruple—and all on the score of gentility. There is indeed some danger of all the world becoming too fine for the ordinary purposes of life. No farther gone than Tuesday last, an elderly Frenchman gravely assured the sitting Magistrate at Marylebone, that " the Queen ought to be .ashamed of having such an acquaintance as Louis Philippe"; and on the same day, a Juryman patronizingly assured Mr Justice Coleridge, in the sittings at Nisi Prius—** So long as your Lordship sits there as Judge, I shall have no objection to sit here as Juryman : but I assure your Lordship that many persons think it very low."— Spectator. SPEECH-MAKING.—Who has not known a pleasant part? utterly done for—every element of its pleasantness extinguished—by the demon of speech-making throwing its wet blanket over it ? The interesting conversation, the smartly maintained argument, the good repartee, the goodhumoured bandinagc, all paralysed in a moment bv some unhappy speech-maker, who rises from his chair like a ghost through a tiap-door, and in an unfaltering, stolid voice asks permission to propose a toast. It is granted, of course. You know thst all is over ; the blow has been struck; enjoyneent is lying sprawling under the table, dyirg or dead. You may as well take your hat, aud go home disconsolately in the rain, as you know what will fallow. You know that the wretch is going to propose your host's health ; you know all that a creature of the kind says. Lie is always sure the toast he is about to move requires no comment, that its object rcqu!:es »o euloginm from him to miks them all do that tof?st due honor. Th?^ all known their friend, their excellent, their valued friend ; and that ss surely as he is known lis is esteemed ; that they all can and do appreciate those may excellent qualities which have so generally endeared him, either as a husband, a father, or friend. Knowing thi«t. and feeling this, he did not believe himself called upon to, &c.;, &c.; All the commonplace cant of compliment is duly gone through ; and the deuce of it is that the matter don't end here. Tho toastee (there is no law against; coining words, as against coining half- crowns) is in duty bound to return thanks, which process he performs by declaimingseriatim all the flattery lavished upon him, and too often winr.ing up by plastering it moie upon another, who in his turn repeats the interesting operation. And so it goes round; the mania is as catching as the smallnox. Eveyhody proposes everybody else's health. It would bean insult eiven to leave out anybody; received, to be left out by everybody. Conversation, amusing or instructive, gives place to a vapid round of compliments, neither instructive nor amusing nor sincere. You no more mean what you say, when you make an ordinary battering, after-dinner speech, than you do what you write, when you finish a letter with " your most obedient servant," and address it to a fellow whom you mean to kick the first time you can catch liim.—New Monthly Magazine. THE VALUE OF A FINE LADY ; A REMINIS- CENCE. By Joseph Hume.—Once I assisted at the ssiree dansante of the Countess of Fritterfield. The most brilliant star in the. galaxy of fashion was the young and lovely Marchioness of Fiddledale. I saw her dancing in the hall. Around her snowy brow were set five hundred pounds ; for such would have been the answer of any jeweller to the question, " What ara those diamonds?" With the gantle undulations of her bosom there rose and fell exactly thirty pounds ten shillings: the sum wore the guise of a brooch of gold end enamel. Her fairy form was invested in ten guineas, represented '03' a slip of lilac satin; and t'«is was overlaid by thirty guineas more, ii wo skijfs of white lace. Tastefully disposed down each side cf the latter were six half-crowns, which so many bows of purple ribbon had come to. The lower margin of the thirty-guinea skirt was edged with eleven additional guineas, the value of some eight yards of silver fringe a quarter of a yard in depth. Her taper waist, taking zone and clasp together, I calculated to be confined by forty pounds sterling, lier delicatelyrounded arms, tbe glove of spotless kid being added to the gold bracelet which encircled the little wr ; st, may be said to have been adorned with twenty-two pounds fire and sixpence ; and, putting the silk and satin at the lowest figure, 1 should say that she wore fourteen and sixpence on her feet. Thus, altogether, was this thing of light, this creature of loveliness, arrayed from top to toe, exclusively of little sundries, in six hundred and forty-eight pounds eleven shillings. —Punch. SPORTING.—The sporting circles at home have been not a little astonished at the singular correctness of judgment displayed by an individual who reports, under the signature of ** Bunbury," the racing news for the Morning Herald newspaper. At the Accot races, particularly, that quality was singularly displayed, and, finding in the Morning Herald the following result of Bunbury's predictions, we reprint them for the edification of such of our readers as still retain their old enthusiasm for the noblest and most exciting of English sports ;— (i Banbury's Extraordinary Accuracy.—Oar tarf correspondent, " iiunfonry," has immortalized himself by bis wonderful prescience with regard to the running at Aseot, and thoroughly established his claim to the confidence of sporting men in all time to come. It is almost a vork of supererogation to point out chapter and verse to the racing world, wherein his judgment is so well appreciated; but justice to htm, the Morning Herald and the public at targe, renders it a daty on our part to put upon record the subjoined summary statement:— Race. Sold Vase The Emperor's Prize .... The Welcome Stakes .... Ascot Derby.. Ascot Stakes, 1st class .. Ascot Stakes, 2nd c'ass .. 200 svs Sweep Coronation Stk Gt A-cut Pioduce Stakes 50 SGVS Sweep RyJ Hunt Cap Winter named Actual Favourite at in Herald. "Winner. Starling. ^wf'e'nr'at, or •Sweetmeat, Li- Libel. bel 2nd Sweetmeaf. Cowl, or The Tbe Emperor, Foig a Ballagb Emperor Cowl b. down. Trial Stakes... Libel, or Kt of Libel, Tbe Km Knight of tbe tbe Whistle 2nd. Whistle. Refraction. Weatberbit. Weatberbit. Idas. Woodpigeon. Idas. Lothario. Lothario. Inheritress. Example, or Qaeen Mali,— Qoeen fllab. Example did not siarl. Tunictc. Cobweb c.olt. Cebweb colt. Siucfa. Stitch. Stitch. Cowl. C-?wi. Cowl. Idas. Idas. Idas. Evenus, Queen Eveaos. Semisaria. Mab orMibdeaf F«-rn-J»i!J Stks Cherokee, Cherokee. Cherokee. Albaoj Stakes Lady Wildair. Ladj Wildafr, Turquoise colt Tnrqaoisec. 2d Turquoise c.2(i St James's Pa lace Stakes Idas. Idas, Idas. S widej Slakes Sweetmeat. 01 S wee tin 1-at Libel. over. 100 svs Sweep C. out of Caro- C, out of Caro- All at G to 4. line Klvina line Elvina. Queen's Plait Chesterfield Pineapple, or Minoatur. Minoatur— Pineapple did not start. Minoatur. Slakes .. Woodpigeon. Woodpigeon. 300 svs Swecji Pantber. Keelj w. over. Woodpigeon. Thus we see that in twenty instances " Baabnry" directly named the winners ; in four, the successful horse was indicated; and in two only did he fail. This argues a kowtedgeof the capabilities of the comj>etitors altogether unprecedented. Bunbury may therefore be pronounced an authority which no roan who makes op a book will venture to overlook. On the contrary, his opinion will become the general guide, and the Morning Herald takes, in the sporting circle, the same high position which it has won for itself in all the other departments of newspaper enterprise/' From the annual post-office returns just published, it appears that the number cf letters delivered in the United Kingdom in the year 1844 was 243 millions, an increase of about 22 millions compared with the previous year, and of 167 millions compared with the number before tbe reduction of the postage. A NEW MODE OF SETTLING HOSTILITIES.—One of the most novel notions we have encountered for some time, is contained in a late London paper, in giving a very fair hit at the war spirit which is considered to prevail in this country. The writer takes it for granted that the question now in dispute between England and America cannot be settled definitely, until each country has spent much treasure, and poured forth a large quantity of blood. It is, therefore, suggested that a mutual understanding take place with I wo go- Yernm^nt'*, and the expense o*' fitting ou- h-tstile forces be p r evenfed, and the war be cirri^il on after the following fashion, viz:—For the English Government to undertake to le^sl Liverpool with the ground on condition that th« U. S. vern nent destroy New York ; for England to bombard Bristol, and America to burn down Bal imire!—and so on with all the cities on the seaboard, until sufficient mutual injury has been effected, after which the two governments could settle the matters in dispute by negociation s»nd treaty." And this, after all, seems very reasonable, for if such must b.-s the inevitable result, what matters it by whom it is produced ? We commend this system of warfare to the consideration of " the powers that ba."—Boston Mirror, U. S. A MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH ACROSS THE ATLAN- TIC !—A correspondent of a New York paper of recent date has started the project of comamuieating between England and America by njieans of a magnetic telegraph ! The following U3 his proposed plan :—Suppose a copper wire, properly covered aud of sufficient size—say as large as a pipe stem, and long enough to reach from Maine or Nova Scotia to tbe coast of Ireland—were wound upon reels, and arranged on board a steamer so as to be reeled off as fast as the boat went, and dropped the whole width of the Atlantic ; its gravity would sink it to the depth where water was so dense as to be of equal grayity, and of course beyond the reach of acy collision. Beginning and ending upon a bold shore, beyond the reach of anchors, it would be out of harm's way, and exposed to but two kinds of accidants, viz.—from separation by its own weight, and the loss of tbe coiting with which the met*! muse be protacted. The steamer Great Britain waul I carry more wire of this size than would extend to Europe, aud its cost 1 thiuk would be less than a million of dollars. 