EXTENSION OF THE FRANCHISE. Our juvenile contemporary the Courier pretends to have made an important dis- covery, which reminds us of the "hieland- man" finding the tongs at the fireside. At the last general election, some lawyers made the discovery, that there was no- thing to prevent squatters from recording their votes under the Electoral District Act, if they had a dwelling-house valued at twenty pounds per annum, or in simple term — that although the Government had not placed our squatters names upon the electorial list, yet, every person who possessed a dwelling- house, of the annual value of twenty pounds might compel the Government by a mandamus, or some such little instrument, the cost of which would be a mere trifle to place his name there. Mr. L. Forster, who acted at the first election as chairman of Sir Thomas Mitchell's committee, was anxious that some of the most influential squatters would make the attempt, — but times were bad, and perhaps they either doubted the success of such an attempt, or deemed it of comparatively little importance whe- ther their names were there or not. The next thing which is heard of it is, the editor of the Courier, on Friday last, publishing a leading article in which from amidst a mass of exaggerations, and vain glorious boastings, we find the same thing repeated as an original idea of his own; which at once reminds us of the hieland- man finding the tongs at the fireside. The worthy editor of the Courier claims the support of the squatters for this, and as their attachment to him is proverbial, we would not interfere with him until " the quarter day," of which our worthy bro- ther editor speaks, in a begging tone — has passed. That dread time is now over, and we have a few remarks to offer on the topic. Subtracting on unusual quantity of de- traction against his contemporaries, and a yet more unusual quantity of vain-glori- ous boasting; there remains to be noticed the fact, of there being what is called a case. There is no question but the squat- ters might try to get a mandamus, to com- pel the Crown to place every one of their order, occupying a dwelling-house, valued at £20 per annum, upon the electoral list ; but there are [?] it it would have the desired effect. The squatters are only licensed graziers, and we clearly see, that the electoral district Act, would be read by the Judges of the land as conferring the franchise, only upon occupiers of dwelling- houses, or alienated crown lands. It would seem that the committee appointed to enquire into the matter, had adopted a similar view of the question, no mention is made of the poasibilily of their having a vote under the existing Acts. We may add, that were the opinion of our contemporary to he relied upon, it would at this moment he of no ma- terial service, as there are not twenty settlers in the district who occupy dwel- ling-houses worth twenty pounds per an- nam ; and if the Government were to allow each of these to place his name on the electoral roll — and we do not suppose it would refuse such a trifling " boon"— we cannot see that the condition of the squatters would be one whit more com- fortable than at present. We must say that the Editor of the Courier is either very much qualified with effrontery, or extremely silly, to publish such an article. There are many things in it to be most severely censured; he dis- parages all his contemporaries without any cause, and extols his own discern- ment for perceiving what every person knew before — nay, what several or his own friends were well aware of two years ago ; and as the just reward for such an inordinate load of vanity he has got laugh- ed at, and we regret to say most deserved- ly. But let not the worthy Editor be crest fallen, but go on with the pleasant task of praising up a certain worthy and astute Alderman, for by practising on the gullability of the natives, he may lead them to believe all he says ; but although we shall not quarrel with him for this, we shall most assuredly repri- mand him for disparaging his contempo- raries, which is a meanness unworthy of any Editor professing to be a gentleman. Since the above was in type we have seen two articles on the subject of the noted discovery. A very excellent one we extract in full from the Geelong Ad- vertiser, by which we observe that seve- ral parties have their names on the elec- toral roll who have public houses on Government land — and this fact sets the important question at rest ; the other in the Patriot of yesterday is disgust- ingly personal and scurrilous, and what is yet more ludicrous it is evident by comparing a paragraph in Saturday's Patriot with this article, that the Gee- long Advertiser is the leader, and the Patriot the blind follower — at any rate it is allowed by all that the editor of the Courier has found a mare's nest, and we trust it will teach him not to over- rate his abilities, nor under rate those of his contemporaries. We have reprinted the article from the Gelong Advertiser. " We have steadily endeavoured to impress upon the squatters the propriety of endeavouring by every honest and straightforward means to obtain the full and fair recognition of their rights to an adequate voice in the choice of represen- tatives. We would have them reject the disingenuous policy of the Legislative Council, in continuing the grievance in order that they may have the gratifi- cation of having something to complain of. Their manner of preferring their claims should be dignified and free from finesse ; rejecting all offer of a dishonour- able compromise, and standing upon the broad ground or the justice of their cause. These remarks have been called forth by the perusal of an article in the Melbourne Courier, (the greater part of which we reprint below,) pointing out the well known fact (which be puts forth as a dis- covery of his own) that the occupier of a house o( the annual value of £20 (whether the occupier be a squatter or not) is enti- tled to a vote in the election of members of the Legislative and District Councils. We say " well- know fact," for we can in- form the worthy editor that the occu- piers of a number of public houses erec- ted on crown lands in the Portland Bay District actually have their names on the electoral roll, deriving their qualification from such occupation. The suggestion is valueless to any other description of squatters, for we may safely venture to affirm that there are not half-a-dozen houses (other than public houses) on crown lands in the district of Port Phillip, of the annual value of £20, or £400 ac- tual value of the building irrespective of the land on which it is built. It is quite possible that the crooked ingenuity of s finder of mayor's nests might succeed in blinding the eyes of a revision court so as to get a few unqualified applicants en- franchised ; but such is not the consummat- tion towards which the squatter's look. Indeed the success of such a shu[?]ing piece of policy would be the most unfor- unate event that could happen. The opponents of the squatters might turn round and say " Oh you do not want your rights' you are enfranchised already !" The Editor of the Courier maintains that every squatter may qualify himself by erecting a building of sufficient value. Nut a doubt of it ! He can buy a vote for £400 ! If he gets it for less he gets it dishonestly. There are some fifteen hun- dred squatters in the district, so that they can procure the privilege of voting by the expenditure of the small sum of £600,000 (more than haf a million !) The privilege of expending this amount is jocosely called a boon by the alder- manic Editor — a boon to which the squatters are indebted to himself alone. The half million is to be expended not in improving the properly of the squatter, but in adding a temptation-value to the lands of the Queen, so that the occupant would not likely [?] and thus loose his home, run, £400, and vote, altogether. " We are afraid there is something wrong with the worthy Editor of the Courier. He has lost all his ancient shrewdness, appears quite chop-fallen, and is little better than the ghost of his former self. Another instance of his strange want of penetration was afforded in the preceding number of his journal. He declared himself an advocate for a fixed lease, but did not care the toss of a brass farthing (or some such elegant phrase), about the right of preemption perhaps the fault is in our dulness, but we must confess that we cannot conceive how any lease can afford a fixed tenure, the holder of which possesses no right of purchase at the conclusion of the term. Will our contemporary be kind enough to enlighten us ?" 