2 tm5a» Corner, A COMPARATIVE VIEW OF THE BLESSED AND CURSED AT THE LAST DAY, AND THE INFERENCE TO BE DRAWN FROM IT. What a tremendous scene of the last day does the Gospel place before our eyes !— of that day when you, and every one of us shall awake from the grave, and be hold the Son of God, on his glorious tribunal, attended by millions of celestial beings, of whose superior excel-' lence we can now form no adequate idea. When, in presence of all mankind, of those holy angels, and of the great Judge himself, you must give an account of your past life, and hear your final doom, from which there can be no appeal, and which must determine your ate to all eternity ; then think— if for a moment you can bear the thought— what will be the desolation, shame, and anguish of those wretched souls, who shall hear these dreadful words " Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels." Oh !— I cannot support even the idea of your becoming one of those undone, lost creatures !— I tmst in God's mercy, that you will make a better useof that knowledge of his will which he has vouchsafed you, and of those amiable dispositions he has given you. Let us therefore return from this horrid, this insupport able 'view— and rather endeavour to imagine, as far as is possible, what will be the sensations of your soul, if you shall hear our heavenly Judge address you iti these transporting words — " Come, thou blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you, from the foundation of the world." Think, what it must be, to become an object of the esteem and applause — not only of all mankind assembled together — but of all the host of heaven, of our blessed Lord himself — nay, of his and our almighty Father : jo find your frail flesh changed in a moment into a glorious celestial body, endowed with a perfect beauty, health and agility ; io firid your soul cleansed from all its faults and infirmities ; exalted to ihe purest and noblest affections; overflowing with di vine love and raptuous gratitude ! — to have your under standing enlightened and refined ; your heart enlarged and purified ; and every power, and disposition of mind and body, adapted to the highest relish of virtue and happiness! Thus accomplished, to be admitted into the society of amiable and happy beings, all united in the most perfect peace and friendship, all breathing nothing but love to God, and to each other ; with them to dwell in scenes more delightful than the richest ima gination can paint — free from every pain and care, and from all possibility of change or satiety: but above all, to enjoy the more immediate presence of God himself —to be able to comprehend and admire his adorable perfections in a high degree, though still far short of their infinity — to be conscious of his love and favour, and to rejoice in the light of hi9 countenance ! But here all imagination fails : we can form no idea of that bliss which may be communicated to us by such a near ap proach to the Source of all beauty and good: we must content ourselves with believing " that it is what mor tal eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither liatb it en- entered into the heart of man to conceive." The crown of all our jnys will be, to know that we are secure of possessing them for ever— what a transporting idea ! Can you reflect on all these things, and not feel the most earnest longings alter immortality ? Do not all other views and desires seem mean and trifling when compared witli this ? And does not your inmost heart resol ve, that this shail be the chief and constant object of its wishes and pursuit, through the whole course of your life? If you are not insensible to that desire of happiness which seems woven into our nature, yon can not surely be unmoved by the prospect of such a tran scendent degree oi it; and that— continued to all eter nity—perhaps continually increasing. You cannot but dread the forfeiture of such an inheritance as the most insupportable evil! Beiriember then — remember the conditions on which alone it can be obtained. God will not give to vice, to carelessness, or sloth, the prize he has proposed to virtue. You have, every help that can animate your endeavours .—You have written laws to direct you— the example of Christ and his disciples to encourage you rthe most awakening motives to engage yoa— and, you have besides, the comfortable promise ol constant assistance from the Holy Spirit, if you. diligently and sincerely pray for it. 0 ! let not all this mercy be lost upon you— but give your attention to this your only important concern, and accept, with profound gratitude, the inestimable advantages that are thus affectionately offered you. Though the four Gospels are each of them a narra tion of the life, sayings, and death of Christ; yet, as they are not exactly alike, but some circumstances and sayings omitted in one, are recorded' in. another, vou must make yourself perfectly master of them all. j The Acts of the holy Apostles, endowed with the Holy Ghost, and authorized by their divine Master, come next in-order to he read. Nothing can be' more interesting and edifying, than the history of their ac tions.— )f the piety, zeal, and courage, with which they preached the glad tidings of salvation, and of the various extent of the wonderful powers conferred on them by the Holy Spirit for the confirmation of their mission. Monster Pxe. — A monster Christimas pie was made by Mr. Dick, baker of North Shields, for a gentleman residing near that town. It measured 3 ft. 11 in. in breadth iO in. in height and is of the enormous weight of 210lbs. The solid contents are of a choice descrip tion," com prising two brace of geese, two brace of wood cocks, two brace of snipes, "one brace of pheasants, a couple of hares, two brace of partridges, four bullock tongues, 24lbs. of butter, 141bs. of suet the whole being seasoned to suit the most fastidious taste. The baking of it occupied twelve hours. 