NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR. (From our Correspondent.) BATHURST. J THE BISHOP OF AUSTRALIA'S VISIT. His Levassor arrived here on Thursday, the 23rd instant, about five, P.M., and put up at Mrs. Black's Hotel. On the following morning (Friday, 24th), about twelve o'clock, heat tended at the spot selected for building All Saints' Church, in this township, for the purpose of performing the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of that edifice. Preparations had been made for the occasion, by erecting a tent for his Lordship, the clergy, the Church Committee, and other officers of the church ; and awning had also been erected and seats provided for the accommodation of a portion of the public. There was a great assemblage of persons present, amongst whom we observed some of the families of the most respectable residents in our neighbourhood. We noticed particularly the families of Major-General Stewart, W. H. Suttor, Esq., M. C, Mr. Wm. Lawson, jun., J. P., Mr. W. A. Steel, J. P., Capt. Sutherland, &c.; Shortly after the arrival of his Lordship, the proceedings commenced by the Rev. Mr. Sharp, and the people repeating the 132nd psalm ; the lesson I Corinthians, iii. and the collect for All Saints Day having been read, the ceremony of placing and fixing the stone was performed, his Lordship assisting and pronouncing, " I lay this as the foundation and corner-stone of a church to be built in this place, to be named All Saints, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right catholic faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Eather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." His Lordship added, " the glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us : prosper thou the work of our hands upon us . O prosper Thou our handiwork, for the sake of thy Son Jesus Christ, Amen." The Apostles' Creed was then repeated by the Bishop, clergy, and people, and his Lordship read a prayer, and afterwards delivered an appropriate and impressive address, which closed the business of the day. On Saturday morning about nine o'clock, a his Lordship left Bathurst for Carcoar for the purpose of performing a similar ceremony there. Wcl understand Mr. Patrick White, of this town, builder, has very handsomely presented the people of Carcoar, with the block of stone required to be used at this ceremony, and paid the carriage of it upwards of 100 miles-this is equal to a subscription of £5. POLICE OFFICE, JANUARY 22. RAINE V. PATON.-This was a case under the Hired Servants' Act. Plaintiff had engaged defendant and his wife, at wages of £30 per annum, the man as cook and the woman as laundress. On the 7th instant, they both refused to do any more work and notwithstanding being strongly admonished by their master, they both absconded from his service. The case was clearly proved, and the defendant was mulcted in the balance of wages due to him, amounting to £4 8s., and to pay 9s. costs. WILL v. BIRCH. This was another case under the Hired Servants' Act. Defendant had agreed to take up and relay the bottom of an oven for the plaintiff, a baker. After the bottom had been taken up, defendant neglected to relay it, whereby plaintiff was subjected to loss and inconvenience. This case was also clearly proved, and the defendant was sentenced to pay 20s. damages, and 11s. costs, and in default of payment fourteen days imprisonment. Henry Niblett, holding a ticket-of-leave, was brought before the Court, charged with immoral conduct. Mr. Bligh appeared for the prisoner. It appeared that the prisoner had brought a woman to the hut he lived in, and kept her there with him the whole night. His excuse was, that he purposed being married to the woman. The case was clearly proved, and I he was found guilty ; but was remanded for sentence, as other charges were pending against him. He was then brought up charged with being drunk and disorderly. This case was partly gone into, and then the case was remanded until Friday for further evidence. On that day the case was resumed and completed; but again remanded for the presence of another magistrate to pass sentence. It appeared that the prisoner had in Sydney engaged to bring an immigrant family to Bathurst, and he received from the immigrant agent the usual note for payment of the sum agreed on for the passage of the family to Bathurst. To render this note available, it would require the in- dorsement of the police magistrate here. The prisoner got drunk and disorderly in Sydney, and neglected to bring the family to Bathurst ; but on the road up he managed to negociate the order he had received for the payment of the passage of the immigrant family, although it had not the endorsement of the police magistrate, without which it was not negociable. The immigrant (Hayes) was obliged to get another carrier, named Stone, to bring him and his family on to Bathurst, and furnish them with rations on the road. The case was clearly proved. On Monday this man was brought up, and sentenced to fourteen days in the cells. Tire WEATHER. Yesterday, (Sunday 26th), we had occasional showers during a great part of the day, accompanied by distant thunder, and last night it rained we think the whole night without ceasing ; this rain will do infinite good, by refreshing the herbage, which began to show the need of it, 