ISPORTING REVIEWER. ! The Turf. ?PENRITH RACES, i FIRST DAY. Hf pu Wednesday last, the dashing little ?I neighbourhood of this sporting district was Bj puf on the qui vive by tlie approaching Bl occurrences of the day. The previous Bj evening gave evidence of the excitement B created in our metropolis, inasmuch as B the " Great Coaching Establishment" fl- (which by the way has been removed from B the brow of Brickfield-hill, and its old site fl well known as " The Talbot," chalked out B ftr *-ie hammer,) was thronged to sufibca B ''on« tne Press °' persons desirous of fl occupying in the first place, a snug niche B in the mail ; and secondly, a comfortable Bj (ouch in one of the cleanly and well H idapted dormitorys of the " Rose Inn." B But in attempting to delineate the neces B' sary and almost invariable routine which B tccompanies Race Meetings preparations Bj :l! over the globe, our comparatively con B traded population, as well as our infantile Bi ^experience in the fashionable resources B ofNewmarkct or Ascot tends to cramp the H> ¡rope of those descriptive panoramas with Hi riiich the columns of the Sporting Peri H.' tdicals of more extensive territories teem. Hj Ide hackneyed and threadbare jargon of Hj "the roads leading to the scene of action" Hj tc, &c.;, would be lost upon our readers, Hi ss inappropriate and rediculous; while H; vere we to flourish in far fetched eulo H; (kims on the Uuropean elegance of our H; Patrician Drags and demi-noble liveries, B*< m proem would be characterised by ab . Bj surdity, almost amounting to Satire. If B TC say tHen that upon the course to-day, B to less than three carriages and four ap H peared, with tandems and other vehicles of Hj every description, 'twill suffice as evidence Bj 'n proof of our advancement in the inseper Hj able acconipanyments of civilization and Hj refinement. The weather was extremely Hj sultry, and. the course, which is a round Hi one, and situated ott the property of John Hi Tyndall, Esq., was decorated with various H; Digs and other emblematic insignia of the ?K tiste prevailing amongst thc gaudy hostesses vB¡ i the locality. About one o'clock, the VM WI rang for saddling, and shortly after the Hi hi race commenced for Í3E PENRITH TOWN* PLATE of Thirty SoveroigiiSj Bj willi a Sweepstakes of Five Sovereigns each ; JBJj entrance, £'J ;. heats, twice round ; three gH;' entrances or no race ; for horses of all ages BB weight for age. BB Mr. Thomas ltoherts* ch. g. Foig-a-Ballach, BB 5 years, 9 stone (Cox). 1 1 BB Mr. Kichard Underwood's ch. g. Sam Slick, |H ahas Macbeth, 4 years, S stone ll lb. 2 dr BB Mr. Cutts' br. g. Toby, aged..'. dr* jfl Macbeth went away with the lead and H kept it for upwards of a mile and a half, H; «hen the five year old collared him, and Hj ifter a race to the distance post, Foig-a jfl Ballach went ahead, winning the heat by H ¿ont a length and a half. In the second kit Sam Slick having been drawn, the ?w Quondam Bathurst walked over. BK "ran MAIDEN PLATE of Twenty Sovereigns, with a ¡BJ '.vcepstakes bf Three Sovereigns each ; entrance, BB ¡I . heats, once round and a distance ; three {BJ iatrances or no race ; weight for age. ' ¡H i. Ityau's b. f. Theresa, 2 years, 7 st. 3 lb., jH (Cutts). 1 1 BB C. Roberts' b. h. Plover, 2 years, 7 st. 2 2 BB Hymour's b. m. Lady Botherem, 3 years, H 7 st. ll lb,.. 3 3 Hi The two first nags seemed well matched. H: Turesa after a sharply contested race, »A riming by a neck in the first heat ; and Hj ir little more than Anose in the second, jflj IÎE TALLY-HO STAKBSBT Fives Sovereigns each, .^H< triüi Fifteen Sovereifl^ added, for allr horses BB tarrying eleven stone yhcats, once round and a BB distance ; entrance, £2 ; three' entrances or no BB ince. Thc winner to be sold by public auction BB for £'¿0 ; ? any deficiency to be made up ; any SB . surplus to be added to the funds. ' BB tr. Perry's gr. g. Dr. Syntax, 4 years, ll st. H (W. Wilson). 1 1 H UL Hall's b. g. Punch, aged, ll st. 2 3 I.Badkin's h. g. Bushranger, 4 years, ll st. 3 2 H The Doctor had nothing to do but to H cauter round the course in both heats, and H »as immediately sold for £30 to Mr. Perry ^B la former owner. Hj From the course, which was enlivened H ta a shtñdy between two" of the leading Hj ferfoimers,'. a general adjournment took H place to the Rose Inn, where a capital H ¿inn« was provided for-the capital set of BK fellows whose grinders appeared " sharp Bj Kt," and who, after- doing justice to the Hj Aoice viands and delicious juice, sat in H] ¿lent admiration, listening to their chair ?B tin-who, apparently an amateur, was ', Hi ^ng way in glowing extravagances to i Hj ""^spontaneous topics which are usually Hj Unfited by imbification. The Queen |H 'ioastcd in due form, save and except ' BM ' '"Hy advance to loyalty which would not j H '.:tn wait till the cloth was removed, but I BK '-Rtupon thc "jovial crew," in sudden 1 uf\ violent vociferation. Other sttbject? ! vjÜ¡out much sentiment were subsequently £ duneed, and even Billy Considine him I sell', the Count of Q'MaUy, hail ho been pre ! sent, must have acknowledged that the (the company) with few exceptions, " tool their liquor like Irish gentlemen." SECOND PAY. A IÍGUDLE RACE for Twenty-five Sovereigns, wit! a Sweepstakes of Five Sovereigns euch ; ihre tinies round, over nine leaps four feet high ; en trance, £0 10s. ; three entrauces or ni» race carrying eleven stone. Sir Evan'Mackenzie's na. h. g. Slasher, aged, (Cullen).. : Mr. R. Underwood's ch. g. Macbeth, lute Sam Slick, -1 years (W. Wilson)....,.dis A little finesse was exercised by botl riders as to who should lead over the Hrs fence ; as they drew near it, however, Cul- len pressed his horse ahead, and with th encouragement of voice, which has hitherti been found necessary to excite the old 'un Slasher was put at it gallantly, and as gal lantly cleared it. Wilson followed on th< Chesnut, but, as it appeared to us, put hi: horse at it too soon, by which the horst was thrown violently, and thc jock's coila bone broken. While this scene was beiiiL enacted, old Slasher was making play ur the hill, and his rider, having taken a peej to see how things were going, steadily gathered up his horse for the second fence which having cleared, in first rate style almost before his opponent had remounted took a pull at his horse and hand-galloppei down the slope, with all the olium cu?) dignitate of a practised hurdle racer. Wil son, though evidently suffering much fron his injury, was not yet disposed to resigr the laurels without a struggle, and having succeeded in placing himself, upon hu saddle, lie attempted to clear the nex fence. Exhaustion, however, prevented hin from using his hands, and he was agair spilt. The remaining portion of the rad was left to the reciprocal taste of Messrs Cullen and Slasher, who^without misha] or accident, went over the remaining por tion of the ground. Wilson, whose coila bone was broken by the fall, had it se by Dr. Hawthorn, who happened to bi present, and when we left Penrith wai doing well. The second affair of the day had been advertised as a Race, twice round, bu " the powers" thought proper to violat« , this regulation, and to substitute mik heats. With the authority delegated to th« Stewards, or the mandamus assumed bj them we do not deem ourselves at liberty to interfere, farther than to press upor racing men of all grades the urgent neces sity of invariably adhering, without tin shade of deviation, to the advertised plan of running, and to conform upon ever; occasion to the regulations laid down b; the Jockey Club of England. To creati and encourage a general relish for tin beneficial amusements of The Local Turf ii one of the principal objects we have ir view, and, satisfied that till.the next cen tury places us, as a sporting community beyond the perhaps circumscribed attain" ments of our Fatherland and our pattern it will be desirable to be led rather than tc lead, we do conscientiously oppose infringe- ments upon a code of laws, at once ac knowledged and respected. The result o a Post-entrance was as follows : A HACK HUBBLE RACE of Ten Sovereigns, with i Sweepstakes of Two Sovereigns each j mill heats, over six leaps three feet six inches high entrance, iii ; three entrances or no race carrying niue stone. Mr. Joserih lladkiu's To. g. Bushranger ?í years . 1 3 1 Mr. Joseph Matthew's br. g. Die Hard aged. 3 1 Sir Evan Mackenzie's na. ch. g.. Saw- bones, aged. 2 2 Mr. Delaney's br. g. Black Jack, ö years Sam Slick was proposed, but objected to by the stewards-and a few moments prior to the start, while the rider of thc black was attempting to shoiu him over a fence, which the * hanimal' showed no dis- position to take, the adventurous aspirant was shown off. So much for the " glorioui uncertainty" of Hack Hurdle racing. Thc first heat was taken easily by the Ranger, Diehard swerving at the last leap and bolting off the course. Some disturbance took place on the stewards stand ât thc weighing, the owner of the winning horse, declaring thè*brown gelding distanced. The reply to this alleged disqualification, was the announcement of the Stewards that there would be no distancing allowed, and to this arrangement may be attributed the scene which we are about to describe. In the sec'ond heat, Badkin's horse sided, evading the first set of rails, and his rider, instead of returning and making his horse take it, continued on his course in the wake of the leading horses. After coming up the distance, it was decided, that not having cleared all his fences consecittively, he must go round again at his own time. The consequence was that off he went at an undertaker's pace, till within a few yards of each fence, and this unparalleled feat, this, so called, race of one mile, was run ia something less than forty minutes; yet, according to the previous decision, this horse must be allowed his entry into the third heat-in which, the rider of Sawbones being slightly implicated, and, Diehard getting^ away from his rider at the second fence, the four year old had only to "go in and win easy." THIRD DAY. THE PUBLICANS' PURSE of Twenty-five Sovo . reigns, with a Sweepstakes of Five Sovereigns each : entrance £2 10s. ; one heat, three times round ; til roe entrauces or no race ; for horses of all ages-weight for age. .' Mr. John.Perry's g. g. Doctor Syntax, (Dunn) 1 Mr. T. Roberts* e. h. Foig a-Ballach",........ 2 Mr. J. Bandkiu's b. h. Bushranger (dr )..:.... At starting, Foig-a-Ballach took the lead, and kept it by about six lengths for the first two miles, when old Dunn, upon Dr. Syntax, made a desperate rush, taking the inside from his adversary, and making him race the remainder of the distance at the top of his speed, leading about two lengths, and winning the race easy. Too much credit cannot be given to DUNN for the superior judgment displayed by him in this race. l'HP T.'c.v/ l'KAft ULI) STAKKS of Twenty Sove-^ i : raigiis; with a Sweepstakes of Three Sovereigns each ; entrance £i ; heats, ouco round ; three entrances or no race. I Mr C. Boberts,* b, li. Pluver, (Marsden) 1 Mr. Hyan's b, f. Lady Theresa, (Cutts)...... 'J In Ulis mee Plover took the lead, owins to the mare having a very bad start, which he kept to the distance post¿ where the filly collared him, and in a desperate strug- gle home, the colt won by about a head. Second heat-the colt again took the lead, the mare running close to the top of the j hill, when she gave up the ghost, leaving ! Plover a very easy winner. I TUB BEATEN PUltSE of Ten Sovereigns, with a Sweepstakes of Two Sovereigns each ; one heat, twice round for all beaten horses at this meeting. Mr. Underwood's Macbeth. 1 Mr. Matthews' Diehard. 2 Mr. Georgi Seymour's Lady Botherum. 3 Mr. Badkin's Bushranger.. ... distanced This race was very well contested, for the first mile, between the Lady and Mac- beth, at the end of which, Macbeth took the lead and won easy. A HACK HACE of Ten Sovereigns with a Sweep- stakes of Two Sovereigns each ; entrance, £l ; three outrances or no race : beats, once round, currying nine nine stone. The winner to bc sold for ¿15, if demanded by tho second horse. Mr. Cutts'Toby. 1 1 Mr. Gormon's Tommy.. 2 2 Mr. Roberts' Pisaut. 0 3 Mr. Matthews'Diehard. -i i This race was well contested between Toby and Tommy, running in each heat neck and neck. On Toby being declared winner, Mr. Gorman, as owner of the second horse, claimed him, at the sum specified in the advertisement-£15. 