THE UNITED SERVICES. 1 Time rolls his ceaseless course — the race of yore Who danced our infancy upon their knee, And told our marvelling boyhood legends store, Of their strange ventures, hanp'd by land or sea: How are they blotted from the things that be. JTow few, all weak and withered of their force. Wait on the verge of dark eternity, Like stranded wrecks, the tide returning hoarse To sweep them from our sight !— Time rolls his cease less course.'' Sir Walter Scott. l here is an appliance in the above lines of the grea' hard of Scotland, that comes home with pioinptilude and energy to every reflective and feeling mind — they revive remembrances of the past — they remind us of the present : and as others have been borne away to an un known world, so are we convinced that, either in .a shorter or longer future our destiny must even be as I heir's was— the manner of our exit making the only difference. And yet, Time can scarcely be called a tide —there is no change in its fluctuation — it ever, ever con tinues on the ebb, carrying onward the frail bark of human nature to a vast ocean, which no one living has explored. Still it is pleasant to the mind to stem the stream with the strong breeze of memory in our favour, and to retrace circumstances and events as far as it is possible to go. And where is there an individual to be found so oblivious to old reminiscences as not to look back to the period when some veteran of the field or flood has narrated to. their listening ears and wondering spirits the soul-stiriing incidents of former days, when the herons of the canvas— whether tent or sail— proudly -defied the enemies of their country to - the teeth, and not infrequently knocked those very teeth down the op- poser s throat. And because Time, in his "ceaseless course," has swept them from the scene of action, shall they be forgotten, or only remembered amid the dry de tails of Gazette fetters ? No ; there arc thousands who love to contemplate the prowess of their forefathers — the brave islanders — whether in military campaign or naval battle; and not only their prowess,- but their several and varied peculiarities, as characteristic of habits and man ners belonging only to the Service to which they were attached. A painted portrait may afford some idea of the especialties of him whom it is intended to represent, but it is only by anecdote, by written description, by re lating occurrence, that the real temper and disposition of the original can be understood and appreciated. I was a few days ago at Chelsea, and fell in with a a soldier of the old school, who had served from child hood, having at a very early age embaiked with his father, a corporal in an infantry regiment, ordeted to America, with the full expectation of defeating the re bellious colonists j and though from the period of quitting his native country — Ireland — Dennis Macaliister had never visited it, he still retains his rich brogue in as pri mitive expression as when. a boy. he took his departure. .My first acquaintance with Dennis was on board an East India ship, in which I came home a passenger from Madras; and as I had no servant with me, I was much indebted to this worthy fellow for many acts of kind at tention during a severe .attack of fever, that confined me lor several weeks to my cabin. Grateful recollections induce roe to visit him sometimes,. and though now con siderably on the wrong side of seventy, yet his gaiety -and vivacity are undiminished, and he may very appro priately he classed amongst the veterans who are cha racteristically hailed by familiars and comrades as " Old bovs." 4 Well, Dennis," said I, "and how doe9 the world use you ; how stands your health?" " Och, then sure, an it was niver better, Sir," an swered he, with -quickness; " barring it isn't in me to move about so smart as -when T.was a bit gossoon; there s nothing in. life throubles me except in regard of my ould bones gelling an attaek of the rhumaliz from lying on the damp ground." I looked doubtingly at him. " That's not now I manes, Sir, but in Ameriky .and Ingpy, and them places, where many a night we had the cowld earth for our bed, and the knapsack or a clane sod for our .pillow." " That would be a hard couch for our stay-at home young gentlemen, Dennis," remarked I, " the danglers in theatres and ball rooms." - " Faith, an' you may say. that, Sir, and divel a word -of a lie in it, saving your presence," answered he ; " and yet, Sir, I ve seen many a find noble voung officer come 'to head quarters as smart as a new fiddle,' and fancying that he had the globe of the world upon his shouldthers — as who but he — that very soon forgot all about the great houses and fine squares, when roosted under his .canvas tint after a hard day's march, or formed into a solid body— that's the regiment' I mane, Sir— to repel the charge of ar. inemy. .By the powers, but there's a .good deal in blood any. how, as meself well knows in re gard of them in the ould country— long life to it I and there's nothing like active sarvice, Sir, to fetch it out of you, as your honour can tell, in regard of the many skrimages you've heen in he looked archly at me whilst uttering this compliment, as if he meant it to tell in the right place. "\ou have taken the temperance pledgp, I. suppose, Dennis," remarked I; "it would be utterly impossible for you to take a drop of whisky now." " Well, then, Sir," replied hp, with something rather positive in his manner, " its meself as stands pledged to meself not to get drunk at all ; and sure I'd be a black guard tn meself to break it. But as for tay-totalism, it's no call I II have to it any how, seeing as cowld water arn't quite suoiig enough to nourish the cockles of the heart 01 a man who has hern in both Injees, and among 4he fogs of Ameriky to hoot. What would I do, Sir, without a dthrop 01 the darlin' now and then V ' " I must aliow, you always had the credit of being a sober man, Dennis," obsprved I; "and it certainly is better to ext-rcise self control voluntarily, than to'place ones self under a ban or penalty that may act compul sory ; I am very glad to find you still retain your cha racter." The veteran looked at me wi h a droll smile of infi nite humour, as he uttered, " Maybe your honour fan cies I always had that ka- rackrter ?" and he shook his bead. . "At all events, whatever you may have been in your more juvenile days, Dennis," said I, " it ought to be a source of congratulation that you are able to rastrain yourself now. But, pray, if ever you have been a drinker, how came you to discontinue it?" " An' I'll tell you that same, Sir," answered he, with quickness; " not as ever I was often toxicated when there was little or no liquor to be got ; but, Sir, it bothers a lad intirelv when he's in the land of liberty, to be prohobbligated from touching a dthrop, and lashins ofittothe fore; — it's the prohobbligation as does it, Sir, and not altogether the love of the stuff. But it was a small fright as I got, that made me cautious in regard of taking too much — so it was, and maybe I niver for got to remember it ever after." " But what was the nature of your fright, Dennis?" inquired I, anxious to know the real state of the case, and expecting to hear a rattling ghost story ; " it must have been something very alarming to have terrified a a stout heart like yours, old boy." "Faith, an' you may say that, Sir, and no ontruth eather," replied he, as we sat ourselves down in a room near the river's side, and 1 called for the beverage each liked best "Sure an it was a fright, any how. You must have heard of a royal Duke in the army, Sir— a great dishiplinarian they called him, for he'd been drilled and rared in the Prussian army when a young man; an army in which, if a man has got anything in the shape of a sowl, he never dared to call it his own. I'm towld they're more like tommytons (automatons, I suppose lie meant) than natral born Christians, the cra'urs. Well, it was among the Jarmans and Prussians as his Royal Highness lamed his duty as an officer, and when he came to have command in the British sarvice, in course he tried to introduce the severity under which he him self had been brought up. But it went mightily again the grain with the officers, non commissioned officers, and privates to be (rated like Duteh dolls, and them free born sons of England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales to boot. Orders, however, were orders, and must be obeyed ; and the hair was rubbed all over with soap, and then greased with flour, till every head and tail looked like a snow ball with a handle to it ; and the hot sun melting the snow till it run down like milk upon the jacket and coutryments as we had to keep clane and dacent. And a hard horny stiff collar round the neck, like a top boot scrubbing the very sowl out of a fellow's chin if he dared to look round; but which, in regard of reggylations, he warn't allowed to do, without twistina iiis whole body at the same lime. Sure, an it wasn't in rayson to expect poor devils to undergo such torture, and niver a taste from the canteen to comfort them. But his Royal Highness — he was a Major Gineral then, and commanded the troops in one of the West Ingee Islands — wouldn't allow sufficient to keep life in a muscle — even the rations of liquor was only half sarved out, which your honour must grant, was anything hut rational in a climate where it was no joke to supply the waste of blood drawn off by the musketoes." 44 Oh, the imps," exclaimed I, as old feelings and re collections caused me to shudder, and at the same time strongly inclined to laugh at Dennis's exaggerated reason for excessive drinking. "Ah, I sees as you understand me, Sir," continued j he ; sure an them musketoes is the very devil at it Well, Sir, there was drills and parades, and field days, under a broiling sun, and no end to 'em, till the men got almost dthried up to dust for the want of a little mois ture, and so they tumbled away quite fast, for divel a sup of anything could they get but bad wather to keep them slicking together. Now, your honour, there was plenty of good liquor, and lash ins to be got on the is- land ; but as I told you afore, it was prohobligated in regard of his Royal Highness giving strict orders that every soldier seen in that part ol the town where liquor was sowld, should be seized up to the triangles and forthwith flogged without benefit of clargy. And flogging enough there was, I'll engage, for the Duke insisted that it was the liquor that killed the men, and the men declared that they were kilt intirely for the wants of it, and that made them die ; so you may persave, Sir, it was a matiher of dispute betwixt the two, and if they didn'nt carry on the war gloriously, small blame to 'em for that. The Duke had his raissaries always on ths look out, and maybe they didn't take a sly nip them selves when they could ; and there was a system of spy- age as made every man afraid of his comrade — so it did. "Amongst the Duke's favourits — and he had several, your honour," proceeded Dennis, " there was one, a sleek, sneaking, greasy-faced fellow, as we used to call ( the pet orderly,' for his Royal Highness consulted him on most occasions, and the hypocrite never failed to creep Into, the good graces of the Gineral. Nobody liked the spalpeen, and but for the Duke, he would have been kicked about like a widow's pig, for lie hadn't a haporth of the raal soldier in him, in regard of true courage. The officers hated him ; for right or wrong, they suspected him of carrying tales to the Gineral, and many a poor sowl of a private scored up (lie lashes he received to his account — och, then, but lie was a broth of a boy for mischief. I owns, Sir, that in regard to the disparagement betune the Duke and the men, I couldn't but side with the men, seeing, as was plain to everybody, even the doctors themselves, that the greatest dthrinkers died the hardest, and, in course, were the strongest men. And in good consequence I uBed to visit the grog-shops to increase my strength ; and I won't deny, Sir, thai 1 didn't stand very uice about the quantity I swallowed, as I wished to prove the Duke was in the wrong. " One morning, however — oh, it was a beautiful morning — Just bringing St, Patrick's day into the glori ous sunshine, when, having passed most of the .night without lave out of the barracks, and with my own license, in the liquor store— the small sense - 1 had left in me jogged my memory that it would be safest to get back again before the first parade, aud the chances were in my favour that I shouldn't be missed ; but the diffi culty was, your honour, which way I was to do it, (or my legs set my will at defiance, and got into open mutiny — they wouldn't carry me straight, but. kept crossina over one another backwards and forwards in the most onnatral fashion in life. Now, Sir, I had ownly btei dthrinking in honour of thatdarlin of a saint that is pa- thron of ray country — and a gintleman of a saint he is any day and every day in the week, blessings on his name — and thinks I to myself, "Sure, an' it's not the dacent thing for my legs to be after thrating me in this manner on such an occasion. Oh, howly Saint Patrick, ain't I suffering for you this blessed morning 1' But all I could say wouldn't make my onruiy members steady : and I stumbled and staggered as if I had raaly been toxicated, though it was nothing mure than the potency and fervencyof devotion, and 'Oh, howly Saint Patrick,' says I, 'isn't it meself as is suffering foryez !' " ' Suffering, indeed,' say9 a voice close by my side, ' it's dthrunk ye are — you baste ;' and so 1 looks up, and by the powers, there were two stout gintlemen arm in arm, as well a9 I could make the thing out, standing right forenent me ; an' dthrunk you are — you baste !' says both on em with one voice, and that made me more cute as to the quarenes9 of the matter, that two men should spake at once; "'It'syer pardon I'm axing, by the lave of your honours,' says I ; ' but I must beg to differ from you both intirely,' says I, ' in regard of my being dthrunk ; isn't this Saint Pathrick's day, and hasn't meself been at my devotions?'' says I. You know it is conthrary to orders, my man,' sayS- the two gintlemen, both spaking at once, ' for you to be in this part ot the town — and how came you out of bar racks V says they. " Well, your honours,' says I, ' sure an I'm bothered intirely in regard of that same ; but oh, Saint Pathrick look down upon me, lor aim I suffering for yez 'says 1. " Are there any more of you at the grog shops !' "axes the two gintlemen in the same breath. "Grogshops, yer honours !' says I, quite innocently, 'and what'll tliey be, yer honours?' says I, and i looked more cutely, and made out that the two pintle' men were dressed exactly alike in plain clothes, and it would have been a difficult thing for a sober man to tell one of them from the t'other one — no two pase in a pod were better brothers. But the plain clodies made me boulder. They're not officers,' says my thoughts, < and so Dennis ye'ie safe this bout;' an 'May I ax yer honours,' says I, 'what call you have to terrogate me, seeing as you don't belong to the army.' '" Not — not belong to the- Army!' says tliev both together, ' not belong to the Army, eh ? Why, sirrah,- do you know who I am ?' " Sorra the bit,' says I, 'barring ye're a pair of civilians oat upon a sp ee,' says I. '/Then, sirrah, know that I am His Royal Highness the Gineral,' says (hey in one voice, that flabbergasted me into a mighty confusion of the brains. "/Two Gtnerals,' says I, 'an two Royal Highnesses — -may yer Majesty's, honour and glory never lade, but shine like the sun at noon day, when he kisses the moon " , Worse an worser,'says they, 'dthrunk an Insolent —very soldier-like qualities; but we roust lache you batter, my man.' "' Thanky, yer Roy— Royal Highness,' says I, 'but it's meself as is terribly coafounded in regard of it — though, maybe it's seeing double I am— an Oh, howly Saint Pathrick, aint I suffering for you—' " ' Come with me, iny man,' said the voice, and so I' follows them, — for they stuck to eacli other like cobblers wax jjji We got to a store, and the gintlemen both turned to writing at once, aud then I made sure it was some divelry of double dealing, and the letther was sealed up, an 'Take this to your Curnel,' says the two Dukes, for I made 'em out well enough, ownly it po thered me entirely as there was two Dukes and tvyo Royal Higitnessps, an two Major, Ginerals, that there shouldn't he half a dozen of 'em altogether, instead of a couple. 'Take this to your Curnel, without a moments delay,' says they, 'an niver let me see you in a state of shebriety again.' «. " 4 God bless every one o' your noble hearts,' siys I ; 4 sure an the Curnel's honour shall get it in no time.' But something misgave me, Sir, as they turned away, an'tbe letther had a desaving look about it, multiplying itself into ever so many, till - 1 thought I could have filled a penny'postmau's bag with 'em, and yet-there was ownly one in my hand ; and then 1 recollected that the Prince had muttered something about Corporal, stripes,' an sure it's a made man I ain, says I, ' and the Gineral manes me to be a Corporal. Long hfeto Lainl Pathrick, an more power to the Duke's elbow. " Well, your honour, I move9 forward by a retrograde movement. that wattled me from side to side of the road, like a crab a horse racing ; and as I was thinking about the letther and the Corporal's stripes, when who should come up but the ' Pet Orderly.' " Have you seen His Royal Highness this way? says he, and then mumbled to himself, though I heard the chat«s ' It's no use axing you, for you can see nothing. ' There ye're out, my fine fellow,' says I, ' for by the powers, I've been seeing double for this hour past— an there's two of you there to the lore. Yes, I have seen His Royal Highnesses — ' '"And hot under confinement ?' says he with a ma licious grin. " That's very sllirange to—' " Sshrange, is it?' says I, grinning at him again; ' an may be it is sthrange : but howly Saint Pathrick, this is your own blessed day of .all others, and who could upbrogue one of your devotees .for taking the shine of the morning to you ? ' 444 How,' drawled out the orderly, 'Saint Pathrick's day, is it ? ' And did the Gineral spake to you ?' 444 Troth an he did that thing.- says I, ' the heavens be his bed. An he towld me to keep sober, and spoke quite kindly in regard of my suffering lor Saint Patrick -an ' take "this letther,' says the Giueral, ' you'll meet my orderly, who is coming alther me. Give this letther to'him, withordthers to hurry wilh.it to the barr»cks for Curnel .' ' 1 will, Gineral,' saysl, an'Do so, my man,' says he, ' aud then follow me to the liquor stores, and point out where the men are,' savs he, 4 an may be I'll give you a Corporal's stripes.' Well, your honour, the orderly took the letther, and read the ai- reciinn on the face of it, and he thrieu to peep iustde, but if nothing else was doubled sure an that was doubled sale enough, ' I'm off,' savs I, as I turned round to go back again ; and though the orderly was ralher'flabbergasted — first looking at the letther, and then looking at me, yet, blur-an oiins, but joy danced in my heart when I saw him set off ata jog- tit rot for the barracks; and as soon as he had hobsconded out of sight'! came to the right-about face alther him. " Well, your honour, I got safe to the barracks, an no officer saw me ; for the senthries, knowing it was Saint Pathrick's day, winked their eyes at me as I passed on, an the men winked their eyes too. Sure an there never was such winking afore since Noah dthrank the ouiskey afther the great flood of wather — every sowl seemed to have got the pot-talleme (ophthalmia I suppose lie meant.) But|l put my head under the pump, and my comrade pumped upon it in honour ol the puthron saint, an it made me quite fresh and dacent, so that I was ready for first morning parade— an the bugles sounded, and the dtlirums fowled, an we all got into order in the Barrack square, standing at aise — though, by the powers, but it wasn't very aisy I was in regard of the Gineral's letther. ' An -what'll be in it, I wondther,' says my thoughts, 'could-it be anything about the Cot. porai's stripes?' Och, by the sowl of me, and I'd just hit it, yer honour, for out they brings a prisoner from: the guard house, and the Curnel says — says he, 4 Sthrip Sir.' 4 Indeed, indeed, your honour, it's all a mistake,' says the prisoner. ' Sileiicp, Sirrah,' roared the Curnel. 4 Sthrip this instant — an, Dihrum Major, tie him up, an away he walks. 4 Sure an you'll not flog me for a mistake, your honour,' says the prisoner, 4 I didn't get the letther at all — it was given to me by — ' 4 By who ?' axes the Curtieir 1 Oh, then your hdtiohr, I don't knovv the man at all,' says the prisoner. 4 A very likely story,' says the Curnel ; 4 here's an order, in the General's hand i writing, with a positive command to give you one hun dred lashes— an by — you shall have them, too.' 44 4 Och, murther, murther,' says me thoughts to me self,.4 an that's the corpora! stripes I'd be getting in re gard of that letther, is it ?' for it was the pet orderly that stood by the triangles and they made him sthrip, an he was tied up, shaking his head, an roaring like a great babhy. An may be the dthrummers didn't lay it on to him ; for many owed him an owld grudge, which they rubbed off upon his back — an if there was winking before among the men, sure an they winked at one another now, and so did the officers, too; for, as I towld you before, divel a sowl liked the unlucky disciple. So lie got the hundred lashes, an went away mumbling threats like an owld witch at her prayers. An sure, yer honour, but my shouthers felt comical intirely for fear the Orderly or the Gineral should remember the coun tenance ol me, an I should feel double as well a9 see double in the tonn of the shape of a couple of hundred in>tead of one. An so the Adjutant comes round to in spect, an then came the Curnel alther him, but by the blessed help ol Saint Pathrick — reverence he to Iris name— I conlhrived to howld up my head, and keep s,e?.J?.an-fs rare-rank man,, faith an no one observed as I had been at my early devotions — they didn't, an when we 4 dismissed,' the men got to talking about the punishment of the Orderly, who they sus pected had been the means of getting so may of them flagged, an I heard the sarjeant of my company say, 4 He'd give a couple of dollars to see it again.' " Wtll, your honour, sp I goes to my owld friend the pump again, an the sarjeant watches me as I buries my head undher the wather, an when I rix it to shake off the dthrops. 44 4 Dinnis,' says he, coolly and pleasantly, 'you were out of barack8 last night.' 44 4 How can that be, Misther Sargeant, says I, res. peotfully, 4 seeing as I'm here at morning parade?' 44 Under the pump, you mane,' says he, laughing; 4 oh you desaver of the world, to go for to— och !' but its meself as sees it all now as plain as a colour staff. Arrah, then, what did the Duke say to yez ?' and he winked at me, an I winked at him, and we buth grinned at each other. 4 You've done the clane thing, Dinnis,' says he, 4 an I h monr you for that same. But we shall have the Gineral here presently, an the whole regiment will he turned out for inspection and what'll vou do then ?' J "'Faith, an it's meself dun na, Misther Sarjeant,' says 1, innocently enough, 4 onless you'll help uie out of the scrape ' What, then, Im right,' says the Sarjeant, 4 an it was you as put the Duke's letther on the Pet ?— small blame to you for that, any how.' ' 4 Sure an it was,' says I, 4 an I'd be a baste not to do that same for him any day; hut vou'll give me a helping hand, Sa<jeant, and uot sp'it upon inc ?' 44 4 It was cliverly done, Dinnis,' says the Sarjeant, 4 but never mind upshots— I'll stand your friend, an the \- — a- word I'll say about it— that I will, so T won't.' So, your. honour, I tells him the whole consarn of the manner, mid be dad X thought he'd have died a laughing ' 4 Make haste, Dinnis,' savs li3, 4 an get your hair grased and pmvthered, an your cooihrvuients well claned, so as to looked smart, and heclball your tail bright, an your shoes polished— don't lose a minute, Dinnis, for there'll be a precious shindv before another hour is over— you're looking fresher, my lad. an I'll find them as w ill lieip you out of it ;' an away he went to the Captain's quarthers. hour wasn't much time to get sober in : but the Sarjeant broughtme a dthrop ofhis own allowance, i.n 1 took a small taste that settled the destinies of my inside, an then turned hard to work, an got mcseif in good thrini so that , what with . the dthrop of the cratur an the fright, ana short nap., I was as sober as. a judge upon the biticli, when the sound awoke roe, 4 Turn out the guard (or the Gineral ;'an, 4 Och hone, och hone," says I, ' it's a murthered man I am intirelv. 4 Are you ready, Dinnis ?' says the Saijeant, looking at me fiom- head to heel. 4 Sure, an it's a smart soldier youjre showing— an now, Dinnis, if we'ie called out, you must fall in close to the Captain— an here, my boy, just darken your eye-brows a bit with this charcoul— an howld up your head— you'll hear the dthrums pri sently, an rub your face w'th this sand stone, to fetch up the colour in your cheeks-sure an Saint Pathrick won't lave such a dacent worshipper in the lurch.' mese' as suftt ring for him this blessed hour, Misther Sarjeant,' says I, as I did as I was towld. uimuajumiillWlHBT!. !J AHJj "Jl'ilUiJkLir.'I It I.IH.1U I"1 B HlllffHUISBEB 'There's the dthrums,' says I, listening: 4 och no, it's ownly the bateing of my own heart— but I'll get through it this time, so I will." 44 4 To be sure you will,' says the Serjeant, 4 ownly beliave yourself stiff and steady — and here, Dinnis, says he, working up something into thick paste; 'just let me shtick this pimple on the nose of yez; it will howld ch till inspection is over, and I've blackened it with the cork. Oh then, but your mother would be a cute woman to know her son again, much more the Gineral, sharp as he is; an, och blur-an-nouns, there's the dthrums for the turn out. Now mind an play your part well, an there's no fears of diskivery, for the Cap tain — but I mustn't say a word about it. Iveep steady, Dinnis, an you're safe.' " So, your honour, sure and it was meself as followed the directions which I got, an when I fell in as I was towld, faith but I cotched the officers laughing, at me slyly, an 4 Take care of your pimple, Dinnis1,' says the Captain in a whisper, as he touched my belt for an ex cuse, 4 mind it doesn't dthrop off, or it will be the worst dthrop you lia"e had (o day.' 44 4 1 will, Sir,' says I ; but I didn't fancy the pimffle, for it felt as it it wouldn't stick on, or the laste motion of my head would shake it off, and that made me keep meself stiff and still, so that they towld meattherwsirds that I looked like a statue at large. The line was dressed, the rare rank took open order, and down came the Gine ral and his Orderly, followed by the Field Officers, an 4 It's all up with ye, Dinnis, thinks I, as they came closer and closer to where I was standing. 44 4 Is the pimple on, Dinnis?' whispered the Captain, without turning his head. " It is, your honour,' answers I, in the same low . voice, as I squinted down my nose, an saw the thing he axed about looking as big as a peratee growing out of the conk of me, ' .but it feels very loose and shaky — its afraid I am that it won't howld. "However, to make the short of my story, I managed to keep quite steady till the Gineral got pretty close to me, an then I felt the pimple as if ,it was shaking hands with my nose, an taking a melancholy farewell, of that same. 4 He's going, yonr honour,' says I, in a whisper. " 4 Not a bit of it, Dinnis,' says the Captain, 4 the Gineral will he here directly — so mind what you're about.' 44 Oh, then, it's not the Ginral that's going, your honour,' says I again ; 4 Long life to Saint Pathrick, I ownly wish it was — il?s the pimple, an be — — to it ' ' The — 1' whispers the Captain ; 4 but eyes front, Dinnis, an pimple or no pimple,' stand steady ' 44 So you see. Sir, at last up came the Duke, ah,' 4 Howly Saint Pathrick, befriend. me',! says my heart to the darlin of a snint, an, faith, Sir, he did that .same, for the pimple held on, an looking down at it made me squint one eye ; so that when .thg Gineral. and the Or derly stopped forenent me, It. was . ownly Jor an instant, as they quickly passed on to thenext man, and they had hardly got a dozen yards, when off came the pimple, an row led, to the Captain's feet ; but I didn't dare step out to pick it up. As good luck would have it, after a strict inspection, the Gineral, who was very angry, mounted his horse, and rode off from the barracks ; the men were dismissed, the joke got amongst them, an made eiorious fun, an as it was Saint Pathrick's day, the Curnel not only gave us freedom from drills an parades, but also ordered a double ration of wine to be served out from his own stock. It was a fine rejment, your honour, an never bettlier officers drew the breath of life. As for the men, though all knew the thrick, not one of them ever betrayed me. But I__got a sore fright that very time, as made me cautious how I put an inemy into my n.outh again." 44 You certainly had a very narrow escape," remarked I, highly amused with his narrative, and more particu larly with his manner of telling it. 44 And so it never was discovered by the Gineral." 4! Niver, Sir, tor the Duke left us soon afterwards, an took his Orderly with him — an there being no neces sity for keeping it secret after that, we had many a hearty laugh over it. What become of the Pet I never heard. Here's your honour's health, and long life and prosperity to you " I cordially thanked him for his good wishes, and as several other pensioners had assembled the conversation became more general. 44 Yourstory, Dennis," said a veteran who numbered more than seventy years, "y .ur story reminds me of an occurrence that was much talked of at the lime when the army was in Spain. I belonged to a crack regiment of LightDfagmms, commanded by a nobleman, aV brave as any officer that ever headed a charge cr covered aietreat. It so happened that his Lordship wanted to forward a dispatch to the Commander-in Chief, and from the position which we occupied it-could only be done by a messenger in disguise ; and a bold intrepid serjeant of the name of Thornton, having been previously engaged in similar transactions; once more undertook to convey the document to head quarters. This he accomplished, and was on his return when he was benighted during a tremendous storm at the foot of a mountain, where the only resting place for the traveller was a dilapidated building tenanted by a Spaniard who, besides selling wine, brown bread, and hard cheese, had the credit of being an active Guerilla warrior. Serjeant Thornton (who spoke the Spanish and French languages elo quently,) took shelter in this miserable abode during the tempest, but resolved to quit it "the moment fair weather or daylight returned. ' The host received him cautiously, and watched his motions very narrowly, but the Serjeant, with the frankness of a brave nature, having obtained refreshment, threw off the loose gar ment that hung from his shoulders, and laid himself down to rest upon a bundle of skins that were piled in a corner of the a.partment to which the rain did not penetrate, when he was apparently very soon in a sound sleep. But Thornton was only shamming it— lie did not like the conduct of the Spaniaid, and he resolved to keep a bright eye upon his movements, but weariness overpowered his faculties, and he fell into a dreamy slumber, from which he was aroused by a knocking at the crazy door accompanied by demands in French for immediate admission and bitter denunciations in case of non-compliance. There was evidently several in the party, and before Thornton had time to escape or con ceal himself the Spaniard had thrown open the door, and in rushed four Frenchmen in the dress ofthe Cui rassiers preceded by an officer wrapped in a military cloak. The ashes of the fire were stirred up, and an old table was broken in pieces for firewood, round which the intruders gathered without distinctian, and their horses were tethered together in a corner, the Spa niard being compelled, by threats and blows, to bring forth his scanty store of fodder. Thornton remained undisturbed for some time, but as the blaze ol the fire threw a stronger light he was discovered and ordered to remove, whilst the Frenchmen appropriated the skins to themselves. Strange as it may appear, the presence of the Seajeant did not seem to excite any suspicion — he sat liiinseif down in the corner from which the skins had been taken, and appeared to compose himself to sleep, but in reality to listen to the conversations ofhis enemies, from which he learned that they had been just separated from au escort of cavalry, guarding provisions and tteasure that had been plundered from theSpaniard at Madrid. The horses becoming rather restive theSer. jeant Vvas ordered by the -French officer to attend to them, and not moving smart enough to suit his fancy, his progress was quickened by a strap across the shoul ders from a sheathed sword, w huh Thornton bore with- well assumed patiehde. In this task 'he was joined by the Spaniard, wlio whispered to the Serjeant, and the latter contrived to withdraw from the pmce through a side door, which be had not belore perceived ; in a few minutes the Spaniard followed, but Thornton fearing their absence would be detected, and desirous of gaining further information, returned. /The officer had divested himself of his arms and sabretache, which he laid by his side, and the Serjeant taking a piece of coarse rag walked up to where they were, and undisturbedly com menced wiping off the wet, for which he was rewarded by the Frenchman with a ' brave garcon.' In a short time he had gained, their confidence, and the officer, taking off his coat and waistcoat, requested him to brush them down with, some clean, straw. To accout plish this lie walked towards the side door, where his sight met the . glistening eyes of the landlord, that gleamed like the tiger's when about to spring., upon his prey. 4 Not yet,' whispered Thornton in Spanish, and the man drew back into the darkness of the night. Ti.e coat was brushed .and reunited ; the officer's , ipistbls: next underwent examination, and the Serjeant having shaken out the damp priming renewed it irom a small silrer horn so as to render boih fit for service. 44 Are there many English iu this neighbourhood ?' demanded the officer. 4 None nearer than six leagues,' responded the Ser- jeant. 4 They are short of provisions, and foraging par ties occasionally scour the country. — the thieves plun dering us whenever they can. 1 wish I had an English man at the muzzle of each pistol,' and ho extended his arms holding one in. each baud. k . . 44 4 Ha, lta, mon aiui," said the officer briskly, ' The French are your best friends— -the brave French— tbey — ' before lie could utter another word he was in the last agonies of death; a ball from his own. pislol having passed through his head, and at the same instant two of the Cuirassiers were rolling on the ground mortally wounded by shots from without fired by the landlord and his wife with deadly effect. The remaining French men sprang up and discharged their carbines without doing any injury to their assailants, and then clubbing them resolutely attacked the Serjeant, who catching up one of their heavy sabres, soon gave them evidence ofhis skill and power as a swordsman. The slruirgle was short bnt decisive: The Spanish knife of the Gue rilla was buried in the heart of the boldest, the other was cut down by a heavy blow from Thornton, and the conquest was complete. Without an instant's delay the Serjeant searched the body of the officer for papers (the Spaniard, preferring richer plunder,) and then reloading the pistols and girding on the dead man's sword he mounted his horse, and the Spaniard acting as -guide rode with liim to the open country, where they parted— the Serjeant to inform his noble Commander, the Gue-. rilla to stir up his brethren of the Cuchillo to recover some of the plunder, 44 It was not yet daylight when Thornton galloped in amongst the tents, for instead of six leagues the English were not three leagues distant. The storm was still raging as the Serjeant issued from the Colonel's tent, but in a few minuies the trumpet sounded to 4 boot and saddle.' The news of Thornton's encounter spread like wildfire. Not a murmur was heard — every man went with alacrity to his duty — and eager expectation was alive for the prospective recompense. After a smart trot of about two hours we came upon the retreating French who had been scattered and bewildered all night among the mountains, and our very unexpected presence put the escort to the route, whilst at the same moment the ring ing of bullets from the opposite side informed us that the Guerillas were busy with their long fusses In a very short time we had recaptured a most valuahle booty, together with a General Officer and his family who had . taken advantage of the escort to return to France. Serjeant Thornton was made an Ensign of Infantry, but he was too valuable as a cavalryman to remain long on foot; he got aLieutenancy in a. Dragoon Regiment, and died like a gallant soldier on the plains of Waterloo." 