A CATHOLIC MISREPRESENTED AND REPRESENTED. I BY THE REV. JOHN OOTIIER. First published in 1085. OF MERITS AND GOOD WORKS. "The Catholic misrepresented believes Christ's death and passion to be ineffectual and insignificant, and that he has no dependence upon the merits of his sufferings, or the mercy of God for the obtaining salvation; but that lie is to be saved by his owvi merits. And, for this reason, he is very zealousy busy in fasting, in watching, in going in procession, and u'sing a thousand such like mortifications; and having done this, he thinks himself not at all be holden to God for his salvation, and to give him heaven .will. be no favour ; it being now his due upon the account of his meritorious achievements, without any God-a-mercy to Christ's passion, or his Maker's goodness." The Catholic truly represented believes it damna ble to say that Christ's death and passion is inef fectual and insignificant; and that it is the doctrine of devils to believe that he has no dependance for his salvation upon the merits of Christ's sufferings, or the mercy of .God, but only upon his own merits and good works. It is his faith to believe, that of ourselves we are not sufficient so much as to think a good thought; that the grace by whlich we are justified is given us purely gratis upoh the ac count of Christ's merits ; moreover, that no man how just soever, can merit any thing, either in this life or in that to come, independent on the merits and passion of Jesus Christ; nevertheless, that through the merits of Christ, the good works of a just man, proceeding from grace, are so ac ceptable to God, that tlhouglh his goodness and promise they are truly meritorious to eternal life. And this he has learned from the Apostle, Where he is taught that there is a crown of justice, which our Lord, a just judge, will render at the last day, not only to St. Paul, but also to all those who shall have fosught a good fight, and consummated their course, kept the faith, and loved his coming. Knowing, therefore, that at the day of judgment ihe is to re ceive " according to his works," lhe endeavours by " good works to make his vocation and election sure." And in following this counsel, he thinks he no more off?nds against the fullness of .the merits of Christ, or God's mercy, than the Apostle does in giving it. OF CONFESSION. " The Catholic misrepresented, believes it part of his religion to make gods of men; foolishly thinking they have power to forgive sins. And therefore, as often as he finds his conscience op pressed with the guilt of his offences, he calls for one of his priests, and having run over a catalogue of his sins, he asks of him pardon and forgiveness. And what is most absurd of all, he is so stupified as to believe, that if his ghostly father, after lie has heard all his villanies in his ear, does but pronounce three or four Latin words over his head, his sins are forgiven him, although he had never any thoughts of amendment, or intention to forsake his wickedness," The Catholic truly represetited believes it dam nable in any religion to make gods'of men. How ever, he firmly holds, that when Christ, speaking to his apostles, said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven, and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained ;" he gave them, and'their successors, the bishops and' priests of the Catholic" Church, authority to absolve any truly penitent sinner from his sin. And God having thus "'given them the ministry of recon ciliation," and made tliein" Christ's legates," ' Christ's ministers, and the dispensers of the mys teries of Christ," and given them power "that whosever they "loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven," he undoubtedly believes; that whosoever comes to them making a sincere and humble con. fessiosi'of liis sins, withai true repentance and firm purpose' of amendment, ;and a hearty- resolution of turning from his evil iwayis, may, from them, receive absolution, by the authority given them from heaven; and no doubt: but Godi'atifies above, the sentence pronounced in that tribunal ;3" lobsing in heaven whatsoever is thus loosed by them on earth." .Arnd that :whosoever comes without the due preparation, without a repentance from the bottoni of his heart, and a real intention of forsaking his sins, receives no benefit by thid absolution; but adds sin to sin, by a high contempt' of God's mercy, and abuse of his sacraments.: :' (fb be continued.) 