A DAY WITH THE CORIO HOUNDS. TUESDAY, the tGh, met at the Ken nel-A fine mild morning, and likely for a "nipping" scent. The hour of meeting was postponed, to accommo date one of our "crack" men, whom the Doctors have pronounced to be a little " touched in the wind," but which every one well knows (but the unfortunate victim himself) to. be a well got up' ruse of his maternal rela tive, who has expressed an objection to his "going out," and disapproves of his being in a galloping consump tion._ Alas ! that she should jump to such conclusions. Talking of con sumption, reminds me of the break fast at the ,' Master's," the morning in question :-it was what a fox hunter's breakfast should be, and what he should never be without, start.he never so early. At 20 minutes past 7 a field of eight were' assembled-all good men and true-with nags that could go the pace, if we except one who was a " Griffin." An observation being taken, and time declared to be "up" -the kennel door was soon up also, and out there came eight couple of beauties, looking strong, healthy, and well-all lively and eager for work; "Vagrant" and one or two others perhaps a little in flesh, and all wanting blood badly to steady them. Drew down towards Miss Drysdale's, within sight of the large marsh,-sun up warm and cheery, and the ground in excellent order. Many and frequent were the aspira tions for a quick " find," and a good " finish"'- varied occasionally by a some such pithy converstion as the following:-Griffin, " I say Perks, don't take too much out of that horse of.yours, or he'll be knocked up before we find." Perks-" I hope you may see him when we do." Griffin-" I hope I shan't." Perks -"Well,you notice them hounds well now, for we shall find directly !" Drew blank across towards William Irons' station. We were within sight of the fence, the hounds drawing the scrub on the beach in good style, when a crash was heard, and caps were thrust down, and reins gathered up; and we just began to think we were in for a good thing-short, sharp, and decisive- when they throw it up, on coming up with a kangaroo dog, the owner of which deposed to having viewed five of the " Varmint" ten minutes before, and which his dog had been in chase of. It is said that in the " multiplicity of councils there is wisdom ;" howbeit, in a mul. titude of scents it is a difficult matter to obtain sport with young hounds, especially when the mysterious es sence is rayther equivocal. As it was, howcver, we had a cold hunting run of four miles or thereabouts, when as we were not improving our acquaintance with him, it was thought desirable to draw oflf and try the scrub at Point Henry for a fresh one, which was done. There was some pretty fencing round Mr Irons's pad clocks, and the almost forgotten cau tion was heard of " ',aro wheat, Gentlemen !" The hounds were thrown into the great cover at Point Henry, in which they had not been five minutes before a challenge was heard, which was soon taken up by the rest of the pack, and " Bevis" was seen leading across the shallow water to the extreme point; however they did not get on good terms with him for some time, and there were whispers abroad about going home, &c.;, but we were little aware of being on the eve of one of the most bril liant and extraordinary runs ever witnessed. Perks got round to his hounds by the Beach, and the'aspect of affairs soon changed; it soon be came clear that the body of the pack were fast working their way out, and that Reynard ,had either broke cover or must do so at once :-a minute more and " Oliver," " Rattler," and "' Nimrod" were out and settled to their fox in good style; a rush now for a place with the leading hounds, and in a few seconds business had commenced in earnest. The Master and Perks cheering them ; " Sweet meat" well up and going steady, de termined to be there or thereabouts at the finish: the "Skipper" and " Count" scratching along like work. men. Perks was " pounded" in the scrub, and the young gentleman in delicate health hanunering away with the body of the pack, and fan cying he hid all the cream of the thing to- himself-! - The first three miles was very good pace, when it somewhat inoderated ;-- after.. about eight iniles caie against the fence at ,Mr Fairfax Fenwick's station, .where: he was viewed by a man chopping wood, about a minute before. Over the fence " Shavings" made a slight mistake, for want of a little more powder, and procumbit humi M. F. H. a very easy. fall, and all right in a twinkling. Then over an awk ward place at the= bottom of the field into a boggy brook, and ran a com plete circle round the station piping work across the gullies by the way-when he was ran into by the three hounds, and immediately after gave up the ghost in the midst of-the pack, who had killed- their fox- another-within a- hundred yards of the same spot.!!: Tlius.. ended this. noble chace-forty-six minutes with-li out a check ; some-. little mystery ex ists as to the relativrelines.of country run over, bIut certain' itis they must have been nearlythe se same 'as music was heard. in the' rear continually towards the'- close .of. theo run, .by those riding with the first detach ment; and, perhaps, our delicate friend-who must have ridden like ,a trumpZ-may justly lay claim to the cream, on -the score of :having the fullest orchestra; at any rate we Wi 1 " butter him up," solar as: to admit that he- is " the correct Parmesan,' and hope he may have many such another day. " NOSNEVETS." la I 