|r3)rtgtnal <&ovve;&pox;ïacnce. k y-The Bditor does not identify kiatutf Kith tht .opinion) txprturd by hit Correspondente, but merely ginee insertion to tuck Communication* ia arc entitled to public con. idetratiou 'o THE EDITOB or BELL'S LIFE,is SIDKET. SIB,-I do not think I can do a more serviceable hing for the colony in general, considering the resent notions of our judges, counsellors, and iries, than to enclose for your paper the followiug xtract from the " Examiner," of the 21st Sept, 644, with Mr. Wakle/s (the coroner of Middlesex) ..marks on the present absurd state of the public lind, relative to monomania and insanity. The remarks by Wokley onght to be written in I :ont of every jury box in the colony, iu order that I stranger might walk the streets without the danger being diabolically massacred in the broad day ht and instead of the " dear creature" of a trderer being provided for life with a com table and easy home (thereby, by the way, ag, not offering a premium for - any other (udrel, under the influence of jealousy or other lassions, to commit the most barefaced of 3), ho may be hanged, and so prevent him >thers from again perpetrating such diabolical .-Yours, &c;, JUSTI. .jery-As a matter of right and policy, why Jd diese scoundrels he kept at the public ise for perhaps thirty or forty years ; eh ? . CitDicTS OF INSANITY.-An inquest has just l held on the body of a woman who had taken I '.ic acid, and who, although she continued to L .'er the most excruciating agony until her death F Saturday last, did all she could to prercnt her from being saved. The Coroner (Mr. Wakely, P.) said, the determination of some persons to : was wonderful. Some time since bo held an 1 juest on the body of a woman in Clarendon uare, who had swallowed the strongest prepara ! in of sulphuric acid, who had lived 10 hours after »rds, suffering the most direct corporal torment r her tongue, palate, throat, and stomach, must. ?ve been seared as if red-hot iron had been passed cr them- yet she never acknowledged what she ! IIMI done-kept the act a secret from her medical tendants; and it was not till ofter death that the uth was discovered. "The present," continued ie coroner, "is one of those cases in which there i no evidence of insanity, though some persons . link that tho very act of taking poison is an evi- nce of unsound mind. It will he found that per ! ms who commit suicide adopt thc means best cal dated for tho end they have in viow. I think it is i vory dangerous practice for coroner's juries to >me to the conclusion that persons who destroy icmselvcs are insane. The very same jury may .o called to the Old Bailey, and placed in very ,Tcat difficulty in tryiug a man for murder when in mnity would he pleaded, because no motive for committing the murder could be proved, and divers eccentricities could be shown in the previous lifo nf the murderer. They might be told that they had just before returned a verdict of insanity in a case of suicide committed without motive, having taken that as well as previous eccentricities of character into consideration, and they might be told that want of motive and eccentricity in case of murder should weigh equally in their minds, and induce them to record a verdict of insanity. I want to get rid of tho dangerous practice of returning ver- dicts of insanity when the evidence docs not folly justify them. I ask, whether it is possi- ble for you, with the evidence you have, to de- termine tho state of mind the woman was in when she took the poison? I am of opinion that it is impossible, and I think it would bo a roark of insanity to come to any determination of the sort. I am also of opinion that the proceedings of our law courts aro tinged with insanity. Counsel in cases of murder plead that the murderer acted under uncontrollable impulses, and the plea BUC ce«4*> and tho culprit is pronounced Insane, and provided for during life ; hut if a poor lad, suffer- ing from hunger, and I think such privation most likely to produce uncontrollable impulses, steals a , loaf of broad, the plea of insanity will avail him nought, and the House of Correction will be his lnnatio asylum. Think yon, if M'Naughten, in- stead of murdering the unfortunate Mr. Drummond, had stolen his horse, or his ox, or his ass, or any- thing that was his, would he bc guiltless of the crime on the plea of insanity ? No, gentlemen. lad vise you, then, in cases of this sort to pass a \- medium verdict-one neither of sanity nor in ' sanity." The jury instantly acquiesced and said " Deceased had destroyed herself, but the slate ol her mind when she did so- was not known to them. -Examiner, 21st September, 1844. , To THE BDITOR OF BELL'S LITE IX SYDNEY; SIB-As the " Sydney Bell's Life," from the able manner in which it is conducted, must soon attain s> sporting eelebrity, I haye every reason to suppose that any suggestion thrown out to sustain its "Meltonian" principles, will not bo treated con- temptuously. "Palmam qui mexuit ferat," will equally apply to the " quarter deck," the " Waterloo square," and though last, not least, the " twenty four foot roped ring." There is, Mr. Editor, as much nerve required in the latter as in the two formor renowned scenes of action, and the hero xiho is deaf to time simply from the exhaustion of his physical powers, would never be found wanting, should his country require his services, when called upon by the voice of honor to rally round his colors and support tho honor of Iiis regiment, as witness the conduct'of tlie. gallant Shaw at Waterloo!! t 'tut I am taking up too: much of your valuable pace. I humbly conceive- that a subscription intered into hythe supportera of " the Bing," to procure an elegant: embroidered ..silver Belt, the : ground to be sky-blue velvet, with e, central plain oliver plate to contain the name, with richly chased borders ; the shamrock, rose, and thistle, to be the emblems, with, the addition of the cornsUUk» would not be an inappropriate offering to. the champion of Kew South Wales, whoever he- might bc And should this hint chime in with the humour of the supporters of old English manly sports. I would further hint, that as our prêtent champion hos suffered seriously from illness, and tho ungenerous treatment of pilfering soamjpBv that a present worthy of donors and donee Bhould accompany the, "in- auguration." . Leaving the rough question in your more expe- rienced hands, I merely beg to »dd »hat my mite «bail be forthcoming for both purposes.- . I om, Sir, yours ¿cc., TBE GHOST OF TOM HICKMAN 