MISS MARTINEAU ON MESMERISM. [From Bell's Weekly Messenger.] A report that the above-named well- <*> known authoress had been recovered from a dangerous illness to the enjoy- <*> ment of health, by means of mesmer- ism, having excited a good deal of in terest, we have no doubt that our readers will be glad to hear the account given by the lady herself. We there fore, copy the following statement from a letter, published by Miss Mar tineau in the stthenamm of this day :— Tiuemouth, Nov. 12. It is important to society to know whether mesmerism is true. The re vival of its pretensions from age to age makes the negative of this question appear so improbable, and the affirma tive involves anticipations so vast that no testimony of a conscientious witness can be unworthy of attention. I am now capable of affording testimony; and ail personal considerations must give way before the social duly of im parting the facts of which I am in pos session. For some years before June last I was in the class of believers in testi mony. I had witnessed no mesmeric | facts whatever; but I could not doubt j the existence of many which were re • lated to me without distrusting either the understanding, or the integrity, of some of the wisest and best people I knew. Nor did I find it possible to resist the evidence of hooks, or details of many cases of protracted bodily and mental ejects. Nor, if :t had been possible, could I have thought it desi rable or philosophical to set up my negative ignorance of the fund ions of the nerves and the powers of the mind against the positive evidence of obser vers and recorders of new phenomena. Such was the state of my mind on the subject of mesmerism sis: years ago, when 1 related a series of facts, on the testimony of five persons whom I could trust, to one whose intellect I was accustomed to look up to, though i had had occasion to see that great discoveries were received or rejected by him on other grounds than the evi dence on which their pretensions res ted. He threw himself back in his chair when I began the story, exclaim ing, " Is it possible that you are bit by that nonsense? " On my delariog the amount of testimony on which I be lieved what I was telling, he declared, as he frequently did afterwards, that i if he saw the incidents themselves, he ; would not believe them; he would 11 s ror?r think himself and the whole j coir^any mad than andniit them. ;j Thi? decraration clid -^ geo«i; though, 11 of ourse, it gave me concern. It ' I showed me that I must keep my mind t free, and must observe and decide in- I depeudently, as there could be neither : help nor hindrance from minds self [ exiled in this way from the region of j evidence. From that time till June > last, I was, as I have said, a believer in ! mesmerism on testimony. . My recovery now by means of nies , meric treatment alone, has given me t the most thorough knowledge possible > thai mesmerism is true. \- This is not the place iv which to ; give any details of disease. It will be * sufficient to explain briefly, in order to J render my story intelligible, that the internal disease, under which I have f suffered, appears to have been coming j on for many years; that after war -1 nings of failing health, which I care i lessly overlooked, I broke down while I travelling abroad, in June 1839—that I I sank lower and lower for three I years after my return, and remained 1 nearly stationary for two more, prece -1 ding last June. During these five | years I never felt wholly at ease for t one single hour. In June last i suf e fered more than usual, and new mea suies of alleviation were resorted to. After my medical friend's avowal of c his hopelessness, I felt myself not only at liberty, but in duty bound, to try, if * possible, the ouly remaining resources B for alleviation. Deep as ate my obli ? gations to my faithful and skilful me ~, dical friend for a long course of humane s efforts on his part, no one kindness of j h*s has touched me so sensibly as the s grace with which he met my desire to . try a means of which he had no know • ledge or opinion, and himself brought l over the mesmerist under whom the ? first trial of my susceptibility was made. Last winter f wrote to two friends in 1 London, telling them of my desire to ' try mesmerism, and entreating them to j be on the watch to let me know if any one came this way of whose aid I might j avail myself. They watched ior me, ! and one made it her business to gain Ij a 1 the information she could on my \- behalf; but nothing was actually done, > or seemed likely to be done, when in ? June, a sudden opening for tl ' \pe ' i rimeut was made, witliout any ertort ot" j | my own, and on the *22nd I found my ■ ! self, for ;he first time, under the hands Jof a inesnier st * * * * ;; At the end of lour months I was, as f ( far as my own feelings could be any !' warrant, quite well. My mesmerist and '| I are not so precipitate as to conclude \ my disease yet extirpated, and my health established beyond all danger of re [ lap^e; because time only can prove such facts. We have not yet discontinued the mesmeric treatment, and I have nol re-entered upon the hurry and bustle o * the world. The case is thus not com - ! plcte enough for a professional stale j ment. But, as lam aware of no ail incut, and ana restored to the fall en joyment of active days an I nights of rest, to the full me of ray powers of body and mind ; and as nia iy invalids still languishing in such illness as I bare Teenveted, are looking to we tot guid ance in the pursuit of health by the same means, I thick it not right to de lay gtv«?g a precise statement of my mesmeric experience, and of my obd?fr vations of some different manifestation^ in the instance of another patient in the same house. On Saturday, Jane 22, Mr Spencer Hall and my medical friend came, as arranged, at my worst hour of the day, bet Keen the expiration of one opiate and the taking of another. By an ac cident the gentlemen were rather in a hurry, a circumstance unfavourable to * first experiment. But result enough was obtained tr? encourage a further trial, though it was of a nature entirely unanticipated by me. I had no other idea, than, that I should either drop to sleep, or feel nothing. I did not drop asleep, and I did £ el something rery strange. Various passes were tried «>y i Mr Hall; the first that appeared effec tual, and the most so for same time after, were passes over the hear!, made from behind, passes from the forehead to the back of the head, and a little nay down the spine. A very short time alter these were tried, and twenty minutes from the beginning of the seance, I became sensible of aa extra ordinary appearance, most unexpected, nod wholly unlike anything I had con ceived o£ Something seemed to dif fuse itself through theataiosphere, not like smoke, nor steam, nor haze, but most tike a clear twilight, dosing in from the windows and down from the ceiling, and m which one object after the other melted away,! ill scarcely any thing was left visible before my wide open eyes. First the outline of all ob jects w<re blurred ; then a bust stand ing on a pedestal in a strong light, melted quite away ; then the opposite bust; then the table with its gay cover, then the floor, and the ceiling, till one small picture, high up on the opposite wall, only remained visible—like a patch of phosphoric light. I feared to move my eyes, lest the singular appearance fchould vanish; and I cried out," O ! deepen it! deepen it !** supposing this the precursor of sleep. It eoald not be deepened, however, and when I glanced mud from the luminous point, I found that I need not fear the return of ob jects to their ordinary appearance while the passes were continued. The bu** reappeared, ghost-like, m the <** .. <-_-\ mo*phi :, Ike faint sha** , s"?.jtptj that thci. twtlires. .awl the pan , in the I higLt-l relief, burn^-i *r ?' in* same phosphoric light. Tlii - t >pearance con tinued 1 during the remaining twenty minutes before the gentlemen were obliged to leave me. Ihe other effects produced wvre, first, heat, oppression, and sickness, and, for a few hours after, disordered stomach; followed, in the course of the evening, by a feeling of lightness and relief, in which [ thought leoold hardly be mistaken. On occasions of a perfectly new ex perience, however, scepticism and self ilistimt are very strong. I was aware mC this beforehand, and also, of coarse, of the common sneer—that mesmeric effects are M all imagination/* When the singular appearances presented themselves, I thought to myself " Now, shall I ever believe that this was all fency t When it is gone, and when people laugh, shall I ever doubt having seen what is now as distinct to my waking eyes aa the rolling waves of yonder sea, or the faces round my sofa V I did a little doubt it in the course of the evening; I had some misgivings even so soon as that; and yet more the next morning, when it appeared Uke a dream. Great was the comfort, therefore, of recognising the appearances on the se cond afternoon. " Now," thought I, " can I again doubt V* I did, more faintly; but before a week was over, I was certain of the fidelity of my own sense* in regard to this, and more. There was no other agreeable ex perience on the second afternoon. Mr Hall was exhausted and unwell, from) having mesmerised many patients; and I was more oppressed and disordered than on the proceeding day, and the disorder continued for a longer time; but again, towards night, I felt refreshed and relieved. How much of my ease was to be attributed to mesmerism, and how much to my accustomed opi ate, there was no saying in the then uncertain state of my mind. The next day,bor?ever, left bo doul>t. Mr Hall was prevented by illness trom coming over, too late to let me know. Unwilling to take ray opiate while in expectation of his arrival, and too wretched to do without some resource, 1 rang for my maid, and asked whe ther she had any objection to attempt what she saw Mr Hail do the day be fore. With the greatest alacrity she complied. Within one minute the twilight and phosphoric lights appeared, mod in two or three more a delicious sensation of wise spread through roe— a cool comfort, before which all pain and distress gave way, oozing out, as it were, at the soles of my feet. During thdt hour, and almost the whole even ing, I could no more help exclaiming with pleasure than a person in torture rying out with pain. I became hungry, and ate with relish, for the first time! lor five years. There was no heat, op- presstos, or sickness, during the seance, 1 nor any disorder afterwards. During I the jrhole evening, instead of the lazy i ho* heat of opiates, under which pain , is felt to lie in wait, I experienced some j thing of the indescribable sensation ot i health which I had quite lost and for gotten, t walked about my rooms, and was gay aud talkative. Something of this relief remained till the next morn ing ; and then there was no reaction. I was no worse than usual; and per haps rather belter. On four days, scattered through six weeks, oar seance was prevented by vi sitors or other accidents. On these four days, the old distress and pain recurred; but never on the days when I was mes merized. From the middle of August (after I had discontinued all medicines), the departure of the worst pains and oppres sions of my disease made me suspect that the complaint itself —the incurable, hopeless disease of so many years—was reached; and now I first began to glance ( towards the thought of recovery. In | i two or three weeks more, it became : certain that I was not deceived; and • the radical amendment has since gone ; on without intermission. j Another thing, however, was also clear: that more aid was necessary. My maid did for me whatever, under my instruction, good-will and affection j could do. But the patience and strenu ous exertions required in a case of such longanddeep-seateddisease can only be j looked for in an educated person, so ( familiar with the practice of mesuier- ; ism as to be able to keep a steady eye on the end, through all delays and doubtful incidents. And it is alsoim- , portant, if net necessary, that the pre- . dominance of will should be in the t mesmerist, and not the patient. j This difficulty was abolished by the j kindness and sagacity of Mr Alkin | son, who had been my adviser through- j out. He explained my position to a • friend of his—a l<idy, the widow of a ; clergyman, deeply and practically in- | terested in mesmerism—possessed of. great mesmeric power, and of these j high qualities of mind and heart which j fortify and sanctify its influence. In pure zeal and benevolence, tlm '&uy; ; came to me, and has been with me t ever since. When I fon:>u myself able to repose on the *-. *?i*"*lge and power (mental and m^ai) of my mesmerist, the last ir pediments to my progr.ss were c'oared away, and I improved ac- . c*T«iingly. ; Under her hands the visual appear- I ances and other immediate sensations ; ! were much the same as before; but 1 the experience of recovery was mor" rapid. I can describe it only by sav ing, that I felt as if my life was fed from day to day. The vital force in-, fused or induced wa& as clear and cer- i tain as the strength g:ven by food to , those who are feint from hunger. ) A few days after the arrival of my kind mesmerist, I had my foot on the j grass for the first time for four years ; and a half, I went down to the little j garden under my windows. I never j before was in the open air, after an ill- ' ness of merely a week or two, without j feeling more or less overpowered; but j now, under the open sky, after four , years and a half spent between bed and ] sofa, I felt no faintness, exhaustion, or ' nervousness of any kind. In a day or j two, I walked round the garden, then j down the lane, and then to the haven, j aad so on, till now, in two months, five i tn'les are no fatigue to me. At first, the evidences of the extent of the dis ease were so clear as to make me think j that I had never before fully understood j how ill I had been. They disappeared, j one by one; and now I feel nothing of • them. The same fortifying influence car ried me through the greatest effort of i all,—the final severance from opiates. I What the struggle is, can be conceived j only by those who have experienced, j or watched it with solicitude in a case ; of desperate dependence on them for years. No previous reduction can bridge over the chasm which separates an opiate from the natural state, f see in my own experience a consoling pio rnise for the diseased, and also for the intemperate, who may desire to regain a natural condition, but might fail through bodily suffering. Where the mesmeric sleep can be induced, the transition may be made comparatively easy. One striking incident occurred in one of the earliest of my walks. My mesmerist and I bad reached a head land nearly half a mile from home, and were resting there, when she pro posed to mesmerise me a little—partly to refresh me for our return, and partly to see whether any effect would be pro puced in a new place, and while a fresh breeze was blowing. She merely laid Ler hand on my forehead, and, in a minute or two the usual appearances came, assuming a strange air of no velty from the scene in which I was. One of the dirtiest and meanest of the steam-tugs in the port was passing at the time, and it was ail dressed in hea- I venly radiance—the last object that: any imagination would select as an ele ment of a vision. To an enthusiast, every glorified object before my open eyes would have been a revelation; and my mesmerist with the white halo round her head, aud the illuminated 'profile, would have been a saint or an angel. 