i IMMENSE CIRCULATION. The circulation of the London Newspaper Press is really wonderful! " Lloyd's London"—a newspaper—when not a-year old, circulated 34,230 ; and in June, 1844, when not 18 months old, it circulated 52,800 each publication. It would appear the Weekly Dispatch, so long at the head of the Hebdomadal Press, has fallen into disrepute. Thus Lloyd's London, on the 18th August, furnishes the official Stamp-office returns— since which, they are now only given by that office in gross. The Weekly Dispatch—This journal, once the idol of a grateful public—once followed and pursued in town and country, the delight of the radical world, the favourite of all village pedagogues, is fallen indeed—it is but the ghost only of what it once was. Whence the cause ? The cause is plain and easy of solution. When, with untiring energy, the Dispatch advocated those doctrines which are held by the million, it was supported as few journals have been in this country, and it exceeded in circulation any weekly paper on record. But the veil is rent, the mask is thrown aside, the monster's face is now perceived 1 Of all crimes in public journalism, that of insincerity will never be forgiven. Men do not like to be deceived, however clever the legerdemain is practised hence the Dispatch is now despised, and treated with contempt. The circulation of Lloyd's London Weekly Newspaper has been wormwood and gall to those who fancied they had established a monopoly in the Sunday press j the fact of pulling down their circulation by some thirty thousand, at least, while our own has been carried far beyond them, at once wounds their pride and curtails their profits. The last returns we have, are those issued at Christmas last-—just after we had completed our machinery for supplying the demand created for this journal, and before time had been given for the full development of our capabilities or the requirements of the public. There was no consideration shown at that time, for " those newspapers which bad been but lately established, or which had not yet' formed a connection." No fear shewn, lest " by a premature disclosure of their condition, they might be too effectually prevented from improving it." Oh, no ; the returns were given, as they had been given, for six or seven years previously; and what did they show, even in our then infantine and imperfect state: How did they place us, in comparison with the long, established and loud-vaunting portion of the weekly press ? According to these returns, the stamps consumed for Lloyd's Weekly London Newspaper, during each of the three months, were as follows :— July to September 371,000 October to December... 523,000 The history of the newspaper press presents no parallel to such a case. The returns for the first quarter of its existence (January to March, 1843) gave a gross number of 355,000 ; the returns for the Christmas quarter, in the same year, gave a gross number of 523,000, shewing an additional circulation of 17,535 per week, or an increase of 44 per cent. The following will shew the comparative circulation of a few of the leading weekly papers :— Lloyd's Weekly London 894,000 Weekly Dispatch 889,000 Bell's Life in London 509,000 Sunday Times 450,000 Bell's Messenger 402,250 Weekly Chronicle 307,000 Era 106,000 