MISCELLANEOUS. BALLOON ASCENT, AND DESTRUCTION OF THE BALLOON.-Mr. Hampton made his second ascent yesterday from the Por tobello Gardens. The day was exceedingly fine and favourable, and thousands were attracted tp the locality. Shortly after four o'clock, he ascended slowly with a long rope extending from the car, as his wish was not to ascend too high, in order that the public might have an opportunity of seeing the serial machine to the best ad- vantage. The wind was from the S. by W., and when near the Drogheda Railway, Mr. Hampton endeavoured to avoid a descent upon it. However, anxious to escape going to sea, and seeing a green field near Bay- view, North Strand, when at an altitude of nearly a mile, he let off the gas, and the balloon rapidly fell. Afier the car had touched the road, Mr. Hampton called out to the crowd to hold on ; but the balloon was caught by a land breeze, and surged over towards some houses in the vicinity. The chimney of the house upon which it unfortunately alighted was on fire at the time, and the gas instantly exploded, the flame exhibiting a most awful appearance for the instant, followed by a quantity of dense black smoke Mr. Hampton suc aeded in clambering down by the side of the house, and was caught in the arms of the people below, who were all under the impression that he had buen burnt in the flames. ' The burning silks clung to the side of the house and the railings, and the crowd used every possible exertion to render assistance. The merest fragments of the balloon remained uncousumed, and these were carried away, as reminiscences of the unfortunate occurrence. The only parts of the machine saved were the valve and the car. The mass of silk took several minutes to consume. The balloon was nearly new. Mr. Hampton made his first ascent in it on the 22nd July, in the Vauxhall Gardens, Uirmingham. It was forty feet in diameter, and sixty feet in height, and its value is estimated at between four and five hundred pounds.-<-Dublin Evening Post. THE SENSATIONS THAT ATTEND STAR- VING -I have never yet seen a treatise or dissertation upon starving. 1 can speak feelingly of nearly every sjage except the last. For the first two days through which a strong and healthy man is doomed to exist upon nothing, his sufferings are, per- haps, more acute than in the remaining stages-he feels an inordinate, unappeasable craving at the stomach, night and day. The mind runs upon beef, bread, and other Biibstaniials; but still, in a great measure, the body retains its strength. On the third and fourth days, but especially on the fourth, this incessant craving gives place to, a sinking and weakness of the stomach, ac- companied by a nausea. The unfortunate1 sufferer still desires food; but, with the loss of strength, he loses that eager craving which is felt in the earlier stages. Should he chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, iis was the case with us, he swallows it with a wolfish avidity; but, five minutes after- wards, his Bufferings are more than ever. He feels as if he had swallowed a living lobster, which is clawing and feeding upon the,very foundation' of his existence. On the 5th day his cheeks suddenly appear hollow and sunken, his body attenuated, his colour an ashy pale, and his eye wild, glassy, cannibalish. The different parts of the system now t war with each other. The stomach calls upon the legs to go with it in quest of food : the legs, frpm very weakness, refuse. The sixth day,brings with it increased suffering,),although the pangs of hunger are lost in an ¡overpower- ing langour and sickness. The head be- comes giddy-the ghosts of well-remem- bered dinners pass,' in hideous procession, through the mind. The seventh day comes, bringing increased lassitude, and 'further' prostration of strength. The arms hang listlessly, the legs dragheavily. The deajre, for food is,still left to' a degree; hut it must be bl ought, not sought. < The misera- j ble remnant of hie which still hangs to the sufferer is a burden almost loo grievous to be boi ne ; yet his inherent love of existence induces a desire'still to preserve it¿ if it can be saved without a tax upon bodily exertion. The mind wanders. At one moment he thinks his - weary limbs cannot sustain him a mile-the next he is endowed with unnatural strength, and, if there be a certainty of relief before him, dashes bravely and strongly onward, wondering whence proceeds this new and sudden im- pulse -Kendal'8 Narrative of (he Texan Santa Fe Expedition. How TO LIVE ON NINE SHILLINGS A WEEK.-Every man's income is limited more or less ; and he must limit his expen- diture accordingly. Thus, he may be forced to content himself with a house of a rent not exceeding £2000 a-year, with no greater number of servants than a dozen, with six horses and no more ; with but two carriages ; with turtle, venison, champagne, and burgundy, only now and then ; with a middling box at the Opera, and so on. 9s. a week is a decidedly limited income. To live upon it a man must first cut down his expenditure to the fewest possible branches, and secondly apply the closest shaving to each. They can hardly be reduced below three-food, clothes, and lodging; but if anybody could do without one of these, the difficulty would be much simplified. As to lodging. The cheapest'to be had must be chosen ; the more unpleasant the situa- tion the better, as the rent will then be more reasonable. A roadside hovel, or a ruinous old house up a court, may be re- commended. A single room, however small, must suffice for a whole family, however large. Chairs, tables, bedsteads, and other moveables, may be dispensed with ; the entire furniture should consist of a few blankets and some straw ; and the blankets ought to be begged. Coals and candles are too expensive ; and it is extra- vagant to have any fire at all, except to cook a few potatoes, or to nvoid being frozen to death. With regard to clothes. These must be obtained, if in any way pos- sible, through chfuity ; there 13 another way of getting them, what it would be hardly right to hint at. By a proper eco- nomy they may be made to last till they fall to pieces, which they will not alto- gether do for years. If it is necessary to buy clothes, they must be bought; but the purchase should only include indis- pensables. Shirts and stockings are super- fluities ; and the younger children may always, and the whole family at times, manage to do without shoes. Food must be confined in general to bread and ¡iota toes ; but perhaps with management a little bacon may be indulged in now and then. It will be out of the question to think of any other drink than the plain water; and tea and sugar are luxuries not to be dreamed of. By following the above rules it is per- haps possible to live honestly on 9s. a week with a wife and family. Medical attend- ance is out of the question. What are called comforts must be considered unat- tainable; for any man even though starving oud perishing, to help himself to a meal, a handful of wood, or anything of the kind is highly immoral ; the law reupects not per- sons but pioperty, and severely visits si.ch wickedness -Punch. DESPISE NOT SMALL BEGINNINGS OF WEALTH -Despise not small beginnings of wealth. TlieRothschilds, Girard, Aston, and most of the richest men began with small means. From cents., they proceeded to dollars; from hundreds to thousands; and from thousands to millions. Had they neglected these first earnings, had they said within themselves, what is the use of these few cents. ? they are not of much value, and I will just spend them, and enjoy my- self as I go-they would never have risen to be the wealthiest among their fellows, it is only by this, economical husbanding of small means that they increase to large sums. It is the hardest'part of success to gain a little ; this little once gained, more will follow. EXPENSES OF SCOTTISH PRISONS. The following information, extracted from the fifth report of the general board of di rectorsof prisons in Scotland, just published, possesses much both of local and general interest, on account of the differences of expense in the keep of prisoners in the various prisons. Whether taken on an average of three years, or for last year I ended June, 1843, the difference is remark- able ; and of the laige prisons, the manage- ment of that of Edinburgh is decidedly the most economical. The expense of the general prison at Perth is very great ; and the sum paid by the county of Edinburgh for prisoners sent to it last year, is £2516 13s., being for each prisoner no less than £26 Is. 8d. ; whereas, if they had been kept in the prison of Edinburgh they would each have cost the county only £10 as. 2d. The £26 Is, 8d. paid by the county of Edinburgh per annum for each prisoner, includes the proportion of the expenses of the general board, which, as the cost per prisoner, after deducting earnings, at tho general prison, is stated to be £19 19s. Id., the expenses of the general board appears to amount to £6 2s. 7d. per annum for each prisoner. The average yearly cost of prisoners per head throughout Scotland, after deducting earnings, as stated in the report, is £18 8s. 6d.; intheGeneralPriaon, £19 19s. Id, ; in the Glasgow Prison, £14 16s, Id. ; in the Edinburgh Prison, £10 5s. 2d'. - .> ' THE, DUKE OF WELLINGTON ON, MAT- TERS MATRIMONIAL.-There ought,to, be ,00 restriction whatever upon the princes (Tippoo's family) taking as many women, either as wives or concubines, as they may think proper. They cannot employ their money in a more harmless way, and; the consideration of the future expense of the support of atfew more.women after ,their death is trifling. Let them, marry whom they please. Their marriages with Mus- sulman families only create additional num- ber ot dependente and poor connexions, and additional modes of spending 'their money. 'I he princesses ought not to be allowed to marry. A Mussulman would found apietention either to a very'large pension or even to the government of( My- sore, upon his connexion, witty one of Tip- poo's daughters. It is well to, 'avoid fthis : and therelore these ladiestraust continue in their state., ', The,y ought however ,to have an additional comfort or allowance which I can make them happy rand reconcile them, to theirfute. ni do not think'the same ob' jection will exist hereafter to allowing tha princes* to marry their daughters to whom- ' soever they please.-Indian ^Despatches of the Duke of Wellington. ONE GOOD TURN DESERVES ANOTHER. ' 1 -There was an amusing occurrence tha other day at Bow-street Police-office :-A journeyman tailor was convicted by Mr. Jardine pf drunken and disorderly conduct, for which he was fined ¡5s. Before Mr. Jardine announced' his decision, the tailor intimated that he wished him to be mada acquainted with ' a circumstance which might materially influence las' determina- tion. Mr. Jardine-Anything in reference to the charge I shall be' happy to hear. De-, fendant-No, I have nothing to say to the charge. Mr. Jardine-I 'cannot hear you ; vou had much better hold your'tongue. Defendant-But Mr. Jardine, it is impor- tant (o, me that you should know who I am. Mr. Jardine-It is enough for me to know that you have been convicted bf drunken and disorderly behaviour. Tha prisoner could no longer withhold the secret. "Pray, sir," he exclaimed, \vjth the utmost gravity, " Pray, sir, bear in,, mind, that I made your own trousers." EXECUTION.-Thomas Brown, a negro, convicted at the July Cornwall Assizes of the murder of James Miller, at St. Elizabeth, was executed on Tuesday. On ascending the scaffold and after surveying the fatal preparations he »aid"*'-1 want to speak one word before I am done. Yearry me, mass*," addressing himself to the rector, who told him that that gentleman (pointing to Mr. Delisser) would tell bim when to speak, and Mr. Delisser shortly after said, " Now, Thomas Brown, say what you have to say." He îeplied, " Tell dem witness dat prove against me dat I forgive them freely from my heart ; I hope dat maBsa (meaning God) will forgive dem." He' paused, and then, added, " I hope my Lord Jesus will forgive dem too. And now me bredderin, once all good bye." The bolt was then withdrawn, and'the unfortunate man launched into eternity. 