0£X.a. PODRIDÜ.. 'WISDOM.-Being invited to attend a funeral, he entered a large room, crowded with a number of guests, and a sumptuous cold collation. Ile whisper- ed to a friend, " they appear to be wiser than Solomon herc!" "How so?" was inquired. , " Solomon, you know, tells us, it is better to go to the house of mourning than the house of feasting; but they have managed to put them both together" How TO SETTLE TUB AITOJIKEVS.-Bingle is a small town in the south-west of Ireland,. on the peninsula which forms one side of Dingle Bay. Lady Chatterton in her recent Travels in the Sontu ' of Ireland, gives the following amusing specimen of the primitive manners of the people:-" Law, sir," \- repeuled the man of Dingle, with a look of astonish- ment and affright, "Law, sir .we never mind thc : law in our court. ..We judge by the honesty of the I case that comes before us ; and let me tell you, sir, that if every court were so conducted, there would ' be but few attorneys, and tho country would be quiet and happy." " But what would you do if any person brought an attorney these twenty-two long miles and hilly'road (from Tralee), and introduced him into your court, and that ho started .some points bf law, whioh required professional skill to reply tb ?" " I'll tell you what .1 .did myself," was the reply to this apparently perplexing question. .' When I was deputy sovereign, two fools in this town employed each of thora an attorney, whom they brought at a great expenso from Tralee. When the attorneys went into court, and settled themselves with their bags and papers, all done up with red bits of tape, and one of them was getting up to I speak, ' Crier,' said I, ' command silence.'" « Silence in court !' said he. So I stood up, and looking first at one attorney, and then at the other,-I said with a solemn voice, 1 I adjourn this court for a month.' ' God save the king,' said the crier ; and "then I left them all. And I assure yon (he added) that from that day to this no attorney ever appeared in our court ; and, please God, we never will mind law in it, but go on judging by the honour and honesty of the cases that come before us." ? i JACK OP ALL TRADES.-Tho following notification appears ou a viol in-maker's sign-board, at Lime honso :-" New villins mad here and old ones rippard ;. also new heads, ribs, backs and bellys, mad on the shortest notice. N.B.-New guts, of the vers best quality. Shoes mended, and wescots mad neatly. John Witherington, painter." PnAOTtCAL Al'PLIOATION- OP SCIENTIFIC KNOW- LEDGE.-A pen-knife-by accident dropped into a well twenty feet dcJA A sunbeam from a mirror was directed to thjflKtom, which rendered the knife visible ; .and a majptyt fastened to a pole brought it up. ; And so of thonsauds of cases that occur daily in the mechanic's business'; and a little 'science comes in>play very, well "hore, though ,nj mon. doeB not knowitmy more. .;.,>. >...-... ;:? ¡..^¡¿V' i . - ' HAYDN'S DYING THAYER.-the anny of Napoleon, hail been gradually approaching Vienna, and on the night of the 10th of May, 1808, the French artillery took up its position at Schcanbruu, within two hundred yards of the composer's little garden, in which four shells, fell and exploded iu the course of the night. Its batteries were directed against the city, and Ilaydn. picturiug to himself the horrors of a sacked town, the-tnassacro of his fellow-citizens, and the imperial"eagle succumbing to the bird of Gaul, raised his feeble hauds to heaven, and then tottered with feeble steps, to his piano, where he sang with a voice tremnlous with emotion rather than from bodily weakness, the national air com- posed by himself of " Gott hatte den Kaiser" God save the Emperor. This, which he was ac- customed to call his prayer, he sang with surpassing expression three times ; but tho doom of his country was sealed, and a few days after the taking of Vienna the patriotic composer breathed his last.' WILD MAX OF TUB WOODS.-A regular'.Casper Hauser' has been found in the back woads of In- diana. He is about lu years of uge, is quite wild, knows no.human lauguage, aud although doini oiliatoil in the family of a Mr. Clark; with every comfort around him, he doily endeavours to escape to tho forest. . He devours small birds, nuts, aud row.deer's flesh; and the only indication of hu- manity he has yet given, besides wearing the form of amati, and developing a savage ;kind of reason, is the falling violently in love with a servant girl in the family. ? A more perfect Orson, or wild mau af the woods, has never been seen either iu this or any other country. SUSPENSION- TUNNBL.-Probably ono of tho boldest railway projects of the day is that suggested by Mr, Hobo« Stephenson, tho engineer,of crossing tho Menai Straits by meaus of a tunnel in the air. Mr. Stephenson proposes to throw an iron tube over the Straits, by meaus of suspension chains, using the Britannia Bock as a buttress iu the middle ; the tube to be tweuty-flve feet in breadth, hy fifteen ia depth, constipated iu thc same way as an iron ship, composed of large plates put together in tile form of a great iron tunnol. He also proposes to have two tubes, one f>>r each line of rails, and exprosses himself satisfied upou the strength and safety of tho tube, having tried experiments on an iron vessel 220 feet in length, suspended by tho stom and stern, with a weight of 1,200 tons in her centre, without tho least straining effect. The plan would bo cal- culated effectually to prevent interference with the navigation, the great difficulty to be encountered in carrying the Chester and Holyhead Railway, over the Meuai Straits.: TUE IRISH SOCIETY.-This Society, the estab- lishment of which was finally effected so lately as the commencement of thc present year, and whose club- rooms are situated lu Suffolk-street, Pall-mall, gave the first general dinner on Tuesday evening. The cards wero originally issued for tho Thatched house Tavern, St. James's-strcct, but the number of members far exceeding tho accommodation of the h ouse, the great room at Willis's, iu King street, St. James's (better known as Almock's), was finally de- cided on. At half-past six o'clock about löO gentle- men sat down to an admirable entertainment. The president was Lord Rossmore. Tho vice-chairs were ably filled by Lord Triraleston and Lord Castlereagh. Amongst tho company^ assembled were R. Archbold, Esq., M. P.; Morgan John O'Connell, Esq., M. P. ; M. II. Tuite, Esq., M. V. ; Ponsonby Barker, Esq., .Major-General Caulfield, Serjeant Murphy, Dr. Coly, Dr. Sheridan, tho Rev. F. Mahony; F.'Danby, Esq., the eminent painter; ' J. Doyle, Esq., tho celebrated caricaturist; J.' M'Dôunell, Esq., Crofton Croker, Esq. ; Balfe, tho eminent composer; Mr. Osborno, Mr. Boleyno Reeves, the harpist; Mr. Wallace tho' pianist; Mr. Allen, Dr. Murphe, and a host of other eminent and ' distinguished individuals. A Dutchman having recently heard rum called,a SPIRIT, asked the waiter at an inn, who had given him his grog too much reduced-Vat te tiyjl for. don't you put plenty of.GHOSTS oa de top of de i voter ?" ...... : ?, . (A LITERAnr CURIOSITY.-Taylor, tho water-poet, ; who lived in tho time of Charles the First, gives tho following line as reading backwards and .forwards : the same:-, i ' :-\ ..... " Lewd.did I live & evil did I dwel." And adds " I will give any man five shillings for as many as he can make in English." We do not know that the prize was ever claimed. WISDOM.-Being invited to' attend a funeral, he ; entered a large room,' crowded with a number of. guests, and a sumptuous collation. He whispered td a friend, "they appear to be wiser than Solomon here!" " How so ?" was inquired. "Solomon, you know, tells us, it is better to go to the house .of mourning than'the house of feasting; but they have managed to put them both together." TOASTED CHEESE IN HASTE.-Crumble it into small.pieces, and add a little new milk ; put it on > tue Ure in a pan, and pour it on .your supper dish. NEEDLE EYES.-Needlo eyes, though often, war- ; ranted not to do'so,' are .apt to cut .tho thread ; turn ' round thc point of a pin a few times on oach sido of. the needle eye, and it, will remove 'any roughness [ f that would.out the threod.-EUDOE.'. .-, , A SCOTCHMAN'S. NOTION T OF Y LONDON.-" Well, John, what thinkye o' London noo, isn't it,a.gran', place.gran';place ! ob, man, j Sandy,- it's : just like a thousand Coogutcs !" . ".. .,' y,:v.\ 'i THE . BOY THE BETTER MAN.-A little fellowv the other day in a crowd cried .out ".Hurrah for' Harrison!" at which a Van Buren man ' exclaimed angrily, " Hurrah for jack ass !" " That's right,".' said the boy, you'hurrah for your candidate, and i' hurrah for miné."J' 1 ? '" ' '/ ; When a Broqmjspounb^'.'gh-l catches^ smack,, Bhe says, "If it was" 1áriy7pne\uut'.'yoU|-I'snoúítl*(' ' makë a fuss about it.','; ' ( , ,[ - \, .. - /./.".'. i ." Mr.> Snooks, what do you.valúe my services' at '. a day?" asked an apprentice \just-- aftor:-dinner. . *' Well, I rockon.about four, cents Jú\h*penriy.!'. Í' Well', ; then, hero's three cents-I'm.'off for tho rest cf'the Í jlay.-' ,;?!.; : ' ... '.> : :.; aili t;.:/ ! The estates of Denmark have <agreed"to'give\ 10,000'paistres ;'yearly 'forVflve''years; 'to^be'eiv'' ' . pended1 in redeeming tlie^siáírés bf 'St/ Borth'c-' lomeWj betwçen 400 and 500 irinumbefl!!!'-'",! 