DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE PUBLICANS LICENSES. The following is a correct list of the appli- rations to be disposed on under the pro- visions of the Licensing act, by the Magis- trates in Petty Sessions on Tuesday next the 15th instant : — Applicants for the Town of Melbourne : — Anderson Phillip, Collins-street, Publi- cans General License ; Allee John, Little Collins-street, do ; Beveridge James, Col- lingwood, do ; Byng John, Little Bourke- street, do ; Barry Richard, corner of Queen and Little Flinders-stree, do ; Bourke Patrick, Bourke street, do ; Bonnell James, Collingwood, do ; Buchanan James, Bourke- street, do ; Baker Henry, Collins-street, do ; Bethune Kenneth, Swanston-street, do ; Buckley Thomas, Swanston-street, do ; Cavanagh James, Queen street, do ; Cowell John William, Collins-street, do ; Coates George, Bourke-lane, do ; Cuthbert Wil- liam. Little Flinders-street, do ; Clark Francis, Collingwood, do ; Coulson John William, corner of Collins and Elizabeth- street, do ; Collins William, Elizabeth- street, do ; Cantlon Mathew, Little Bourke street, do ; Dodd William, Elizabeth-street, do ; Duggan Stephen, Flinders-street, do ; Dowling Richard, Bourke-street, do ; El- iott William, Little Collins-street, do ; Evans William, Lonsdale-street, do ; Fow- ler Mary Anne Maria; corner of Market- square and Collins-Street, do ; Fossey Joseph, Lonsdale street, do ; Gordon Thos. Queen-street, do ; Greene Emanuel Char- les, William-street do ; Gordon Alexander, Flinders lane, do; Hassett John, Elizabeth- street, do ; Henderson John, Bourke street, do ; Hobson Francis, Market-Square, do; Halfpenny Thonas, corner of Eliza- beth and Little Collins-street, do; Han- cock Benjamin, Collingwood, do ; Howard Joseph, Elizabeth-street, do ; Heaney Francis, Little Collins-street, do ; Johnston James Stewart, Bourke-street, do ; Jamie- son James, Bourke- street, do ; Lynch Michael, Little Bourke-street, do ; Lamb John, Bourke- street, do ; Lane Timothy Little Collins-street, do ; Liardet Frank, Noth Shore Beach, do ; Marshall Gilbert, Little Collins-street, do ; Mortimer William, tcorner of Queen and Lonsdale -street, do ; McMillan John, Lonsdale- street, do ; McColl John, Elizabeth-street do ; Murray James, Little Flinders- street, do ; McGuire Eliza- beth Jane, Lonsdale-street, do ; Murray James, Elizabeth-street, do ; Nealer James, Elizabeth-street, do ; O'Brien Patrick, Little Collins-street, do ; O'Shea John, Collins-lane do ; ross James, Collins- street, do ; Roycroft William, Collingwood, do ; Reardon, James, Little Collins-street, do ; Sidebottom William, Elizabeth-street do ; Sibering Thomas Ball, Marketsquare do ; Strode Thomas, Queen-street, do ; Stanway George, Flinders-lane, do ; Shank John, Flinders-street, do ; Sommerville George, Elizabeth-street, do ; Smith John Thomas, Queen and Little Bourke- street, do ; Taylor James Gulliver, Elizabeth-s. do ; Tolmie Ewen, Flinders- lane, do ; Vinge George, Bourke-street, do ; Wilson Henry, Little Flinders- street, do ; Westwood Jas. Great Bourke-street, do ; Wood John, Little Collins- street, do ; Walton Thomas Little Bourke-street, do. Applicants for the District of Bourke :— Anderson Francis, Kilmore ; Publican's General License ; Bond Thomas, Ovens River, ditto ; Budd William Hartley, Kin- lochewe, ditto ; Bowman David, Darebin Creek, ditto ; Beveridge Andrew, Mercer's Vale, ditto ; Butler Walter, Williams Town, ditto ; Clark John, Goulburn River, ditto ; Clarke Richard, Broken River, ditto ; Clarke Reay, Sunday Creek, ditto ; Clark Thomas, Brunswick, ditto ; Clarke William, Ovens River, ditto ; Crook James Elijah ; Weriabee, ditto ; Crosbie Thomas Mahony, Brighton, ditto ; Colclough Thomas, Mercer's Vale, ditto ; Dawson William, Williams Town, ditto ; Duff Robert, Plenty Road, ditto ; Edgar James, Plenty, ditto ; Greeves Geo. the Ex, do ; Gibbon Thomas Addison, Carlsruhe, do ; Hancock William, Springs, ditto ; Howe Thomas, Williams Town, do ; Lindsey Algernon, Williams Town, do ; Mitten John, Kilmore, do ; McKee Robert, No Good Damper, do ; McEachan Michael, Keilor, do ; Muir John, Williams Town, do ; Nicol Gilbert, Seymour, do ; Robinson Thomas, Pentridge, do ; Stokes George Jeffrie, Mount Macedon, do ; Smith Wil- liam, Pascoville, do ; Say George, Rich- mond. do ; Turner Hill Harvey, Richmond, do ; Watson Samuel, Faithful's Creek, do ; Wright William, Deep Creek, do ; Young Peter Sugar Loaf Creek, do. Applicant for Wine and Beer Licenses : — Francis Desauclo's, Sydney Road, Wine and Beer License ; Thomas Graham, Salt Water River, do. Applicants for Confectioner's Licenses :— James Pink, Collingwood, Confectioner's Licence ; John Henderson, Collins street, do ; Bernard McKeever, Bourke street, do ; Margaret Carrol, Elizabeth street, do ; Geo. Gasgoine, Elizabeth street, do ; John Jen- nings, Bourke street, do. Applicants for Packet Licenses. Edmund Kemp, Vesta, steamer, General License ; Henry Lawler, Aphrasia, steamer, ditto. Important Sale of Stock — Good news for the Squatters.— The following is very important to stock breeders and settlers. Yesterday Messrs. Bear and Son sold a large lot of sheep, at 12s. 6d. a head ; these sheep were only three years old, and we may safely calculate the breeder reaped 5s. or 6s. from the wool ; thus a sheep of three years of age pays the breeder 17s. or 18s. Messrs. Bear and Son sold yester- day, a lot of fat bullocks, at £4 4s. a head, and working bullocks at £8 to £9 a pair. Quarter Sessions— The Court of Quar- ter Sessions opened on Monday last, but the only business transacted was the ap- plication of Mr. Balbirnie, for compensa- tion under the Impounding Act, he having been a loser while holding the office of pound keener. His Honor regretted he was obliged to refuse the application. The Scots School—In reference to a paragraph which appeared in the last Gazette, connected with the Scots School, we beg to state that Mr. Thomas, the junior teacher has only been a short time in his situation, and has not had a fair trial. Floating Bridge. — We are glad to in- form the public,— and we have it from un- doubted authority — that Mr. Balbirnie is actively preparing to throw a bridge across the Yarra, which he intends, when the government bridge will be finished, to have floated three miles farther up the Yarra. He being the proprietor thereof, the only spot— where the two banks will admit of such a public convenience being placed— all along the line of purchased land on the south bank of the river. The Bridge Com- pany, we hope, will not attempt to oppose so laudable an undertaking for the public good : they certainly have allowed their day of usefulness to go by. Singular Case of Suicide.— One of the Pentonville Exiles, by name Mitcham, was landed from the ship a fortnight ago, while labouring under an attack of fever. He was lodged in one of the old paling huts, adjoining the Government Paddock, and was provided with suitable attendance and supplied with medical comforts ; but was not allowed to communicate with his ship- mates from fear of spreading infection. He gradually recovered from the attack, and was on Saturday last in quite a convales- cent state. On the evening of that day one of the soldiers from the neighbouring bar- racks went in to see the invalid, was sur- prised to see him in a strange posture, half raised up from his bed. The soldier lifted his hand, which was cold and stifff, and on looking up saw that his neck was tied up to the wall by a piece of common string. It was evident that the unfortunate Man had destroyed himself ; but it appeared a mystery how he could have effected his purpose with such slight materials, and a half recumbent posture. Not the slightest idea has been formed as to the motive by which the unhappy man was actuated, if, indeed he had any motive at all, as the act might have been the result of delirium, or some strange hallucinations. We believe that instances of suicide being committed, by invalids are exceedingly rare, the love of life being generally sharpened instead of blunted by disease.—Geelong Advertiser. The Hospital.— James Montgomery Esq., has received five pounds from Mr. Cameron, of the Victoria Theatre, for the Melbourne Hospital. The Theatre.—On Thursday evening " Virginius" was acted in the Victoria Theatre, for the benefit of the Hospital. We were very much disappointed that the efforts of Mr. Cameron were not seconded by the public, as the House was about the poorest we have witnessed. Mr. Cameron was very much disappointed in not being able to give more than five pounds to the hospital ; but even of this small sum, two were afforded out of his own pocket. Grinding out the Corn.—We alluded chiefly, in our next to the last, that amall and industrious settler, named Enoch Fry, in the neighbourhaood of N[??]sworth, about two miles from Adelaide, had been tread- ing on his corn, after the approved met- hod of the Eastern nations , by bullock, instead of resorting to the more moderate methods of the flail or the machine. Since then the case of anther settler, named John Cox, of Walkerville, has been brought under our notice, and, from the success which has attended these efforts, the plan we think, is likely to become general. All that is necessary, is, that a good hard spot of ground be chosen, and that two or more bullocks, yoked to each other, should be driven round by a boy in a circular direct- ion, while a man is employed in opening out the sheaves, and in keeping them con- stantly tossed under the feet of the bul- locks. The bullocks are easily trained to this employment, and there is no compari- son between this and the ordinary methods as to ease, and speed, and cheapness. No settler having bullocks at his disposal should neglect to avail himself of their ser- vices. The threshing process we are told is much more complete, than that effected by the ordinary threshing machine, and must in this country eventually tend to supersede its use. Next to Ridley's simul- taneous reaping and threshing machine, we look upon the introduction of this me- thod of threshing as one of the greater benefits conferred upon on colonial farm- ing operations.— South Australian Register. Salting Machine. We have hitherto neglected to notice this admirable inven- tion for salting and curing provisions, in- vented by Carson, and imported by Mr. Dowling of the stationary warehouse, Bris- bane-street. This little instrument, which is described fully in the advertisement in our columns, is now possessed by our principal butchers, by several private families, and by two of three shipmasters out of this port. We have recently seen portions of a pig killed and cured, with the thermome- ter standing at 80° , every part of which is beautifully pickled ; and to show the ad- vantage of the instrument as regards economy, we may state that Captain Bell, of the Swan, who had one of the machines on his last voyage, cured an ox for ship use, at Williams Town, Port Phillip, on a hot day, every piece of which turns out excellent. The previous voyage, out of 1000lbs. of beef cured on a similar day, the greater portion was spoiled. The explana- tion is simple. The little machine, or en- gine, in question throws brine into tbe centre of the joint, with a pressure of from 500 to 1000lbs. weight upon a square inch ; and as decomposition usually commences from the inner parts of a joint, (in hams and pigs' cheeks particularly) around the bone, before the brine can penetrate, under the usual method of salting, of course the meat is preserved. We consider this in- strument of very great value in these colo- nies, and we are confident has only to be- come known, and will be used by every establishment in the island. To our coast- ing vessels, and indeed to all shipmasters, the instrument is invaluable.—Launceston Advertiser. Fatal Accident.— Yesterday, a fine child named Bridget Shannon, belonging to a poor but respectable woman, was run down by a dray cart while playing in Collins-street, op- posite the Independent chapel. The wheel of the car went over the head of the poor child and fractured it in the most shock- ing manner. It was taken to Dr. Hobson's. who immediately pronounced it dying, and beyond the reach of medical skill. We have heard of various other accidents ari- sing from careless riding and driving during the last few weeks. The accident is more to be regretted in consequence of the un- fortunate death of its father, who was killed about two years ago in a similar manner. The cart which ran down the child is the property of Mr. Overton the baker, whose servant was with it at the time. An inquest was held on the body at the Scottish Hotel last night, and a verdict of "Accidental Death" returned. Cricket. — The Melbourne Club attended the ground at Brighton, on Saturday last, to experience another drubbing ; in short, we would seriously advise them to give up the idea, in supposing that they are able to wrest the palm of victory from the the Brightonians, for to use the figurative expression of a contemporary "they have not the ghost of a chance." The Presbyterian Church. —The fol- lowing parties have been nominated as elders for this church, G.S. Brodie, Esq., Henry Bell, Esq., Charls Williamson, Esq;, J. Dinwoodie, Esq., —— Allen, Esq, and —MacMurtie, -Esq. They have not signified their intention to act, but as the choice is most judicious we hope they will not decline the offer. Removal of License,— On Saturday last, the licensing justices consented to the re- moval of Mr. Michael Lynch's license, the Rising Sun, to newly erected premises in Little Bourke-street. Fat Cattle.— We have learned with sur- prise that butchers find it extremely difficult to purchase fat cattle which are in great demand. Gipps Land. — We understand that Capt. Harrison, who some time since left his station in the vicinity of the Plenty, for the purpose of driving his stock to Gipps Land, has been compelled to return, after au un successful search after a station : every acre of ground fit to depasture a beast upon being occupied. Auctioneers License. — Oh Saturday last, the bench of Magistrates granted the renewal of Mr. A. H. Hart, auctioneer's license. Printing.— We have received a specimen of Printing from the Herald office ; which is beautifully executed, and does the Printers in that office credit. Robberies.— We are heartily sick of chronicling the numerous robberies that have been committed of late. Since our last upwards of a dozen robberies have been committed, and we regret to state that in every case the robbers have got clear off with their booty. We repeat that the miserable economy of the local Govern- ment has so reduced the police force that robberies are committed with impunity, and ere long it will be dangerous for the inhabitants to venture abroad after night- fall. The Herald.— Our worthy contemporary has brightened up since the exit of his friend, the for- mer editor of the Patriot, who used to keep him in order. In his issue of Tuesday, he has a grievance against the town clock, which has be- come a nuisance, because the Herald's Extraordin- ary cannot posted under it, at four o'clock in the afternoon. This is the most "extraordinary" thing possible—as if the clock goes half an hour, [??] and runs too fast in the morning, and half an hour slow in the afternoon, as our contemporary cites ; how can he make out that it is not the cry "time of the day," to suit him for posting the Extraordinary. Our contemporary has a [????]ding paragraph, headed 'the forty thieves,' which will frighten all the old women in the town, for a more extraordinary exaggeration was never read. Sheep Stealing.— At the Police Court, on Monday last, a man named Richard [???] was committed to take his trial, for stealing 80 sheep, the property of Mr. Clark, a Settler, near Down- ing Forest. The prisoner, on the sheep being missed, was traced to Melbourne where it was found he had sold his booty to a butcher named Bryan, for [?]s. per head. Charge of Vagrancy.— At the Mayor's Court, yesterday, C.H.S. Wentworth and a female calling herself Hannah, his wife, who had been in custody there overnight, on a charge of [?] grand , were placed at the bar, charged as above, by the Chief Constable, who stated they had the previous night insulted him while in the execution of his duty in the gallery of the Thea- tre. Wentworth having proved that he had the means of obtaining a livelihood, and having ex- pressed contrition for insulting the Chief Con- stable, both he and Mrs. Wentworth were dis- charged, with an admonition as to their future conduct. Accident. —On Monday evening, as Mr. Frank Liardet was driving the mail from the beach to Melbourne, the off side horse shied at a piece of paper and got entangled in the traces. Mr. Liardet, in suddenly jumping from the ve- hicle to disengage the animal, got his left leg in the spokes of the forewheel, by which means it was broke just above the ankle. 