LAW INTELLIGENCE. CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. MONDAY. BEFORE Mr. Justice Dickinson MURDER. Lucius O'Brien, late of Sydney, in the co- lony of New South Wales, labourer, was in- dicted for having, on the 19th of December last, made an assault upon one Joseph Meyrick, by shooting him in the right side of the back with a pistol, thereby inflicting a mortal wound of the breadth of three inches and of the depth of six inches, of which said mortal wound the said Joseph Meyrick then and there died. The prisoner having pleaded not guilty, the panel was called over, and the following Jury were sworn:-Henry O'Brien, (fore- man) ; Henry Phillips, Henry Pugh, William Chapman Preston, Peter William Plomer, William Paton, William Orr, Dennis O'Brien, Frederick Oakey, William Pattison, and James Pernell The prosecution was conducted by the Attor- ney-General and Solicitor General, and the defence by Messrs. Windeyer and Michie. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL opened the case on the part of the Crown. The evidence as to the fact of the murder, he said, would be very short, and very simple. Dr. Meyrick, who had just returned from the South Seas, happened, unfortunately for himself, to be walking in Hunter-street, when he met his death at the hands of the prisoner. That the prisoner was the person who fired the pistol, and thereby caused the death of the unfortunate gentleman, there could be no doubt ; but there was a total absence of all motive for such an act, as far as the evidence went. He presumed that the defence which would be set up, would be that of insanity ; and although he would not antici- pate this defence, he must inform the Jury that if in their opinion the prisoner should appear at the time not to have known right from wrong, or to have been aware that he was violating the laws of God and of his country, he could not by those laws be held account- able for his actions. After reading some pas- sages from Chitty bearing upon this point, the learned Attorney-General proceeded to impress upon the Jury the necessity of exercising the utmost care and industry in order to distinguish whether the prisoner was really sane or not, as the defence of insanity was one which might be got up as an excuse for any crime that could be committed : for nothing could be more easy than, by a feigned eccentricity, to lay the ground for such a defence whenever the com- mission of a crime was contemplated. The Attorney-General also briefly recounted the facts which he expected would be proved. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL having applied to have the usual proclamation made for all wit- nesses to leave the Court till called upon, Mr. WINDEYER applied to have the medical witnesses exempted from the operation of the order, and contended that their remaining in Court was necessary, in order that they might be asked as to their opinion upon the opera- tions of the mind, with reference to certain facts that they might hear spoken of. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL objected to this, believing that the opinions of some medical men might be too much influenced by hearing the expressions of opinion by other members of their profession He had no objection, how- ever, to the medical witnesses remaining until the facts of the case had been deposed to, so thal they retired when the question of sanity or insanity was gone into. His HONOR decided in favour of the course proposed by the Attorney-General, and proclamation was made accordingly. William Houston, surgeon, was then called : He stated that on the day named in the indictment, between the hours of eleven and twelve, he was standing in Hunter-street, when, hearing the report of a pistol, he turned round, and saw the deceased standing with his hands raised, and prisoner with a pistol in his hand ; on seeing the prisoner pull out a second pistol, deceased ran about forty yards, followed by prisoner, who, upon coming up with him, fired a second pistol close to his back ; directly the pistol was fired, witness saw in deceased's coat the mark where the ball had entered ; witness ran up to deceased, and led him by the arm into Mr. Mappin's shop ; witness knew the wound to be fatal, and believed deceased was also aware of it ; he lived about an hour after receiving the wound, and died in witness's presence, having, in the meantime, given directions as to the disposal of his property ; witness made a post mortem examination of the body, and had no doubt that the cause of death was the wound in ques- tion ; there was a slight abrasion of the skin of deceased's right ear, apparently caused by the explosion of the gunpowder, and there was a hole through his hat as if caused by the first shot ; prisoner was taken into custody imme- diately upon firing the second shot, and was soon afterwards removed ; on being seized the prisoner said something which witness could not understand. By Mr. MICHIE : Dr. Meyrick said that he did not know the prisoner at all. Alderman Broughton gave similar evidence to that which he had before given at the in- quest as to the firing of the two shots by the prisoner, and the raising of the pistol by the latter two or three times to get a second shot, which he found a difficulty in doing, owing to Dr. Meyrick running in a zigzag direction - The prisoner, he said, appeared perfectly cool and collected, and ???? evening. She ??? standers said following passengers and cool 'when seized by the by standers- something which the witness did not hear distinctly ; believes it was " I'm the person," or something of the kind. Captain J. U. Vyles : Saw the second pistol fired, and seized the prisoner immediately afterwards ; he was cool and collected, and continued so while being conveyed to the watch-house ; prisoner had no opportunity of taking any thing on his way to the watch house, and although questioned by several persons returned no answer to any. David Peden : Heard the firing of the first pistol and picked up the weapon, which the prisoner let fall ; did not hear the report of the second pistol. Inspector Wright, of the Sydney Police, identified the pistols produced as those which had been taken from the prisoner. On cross examination the witness said that he had known the prisoner for some time, and had always observed that he wore a gloomy and reserved appearance ; about two years ago witness had taken the prisoner by a warrant in- stead of one of his brothers, but the prisoner did not attempt to undeceive him. Henry Calvert : Took the prisoner into cus- tody immediately after the firing of the second shot, and conveyed him, with the assistance of Captain Vyles, to the watchhouse ; prisoner appeared to entertain no alarm, and had no opportunity of taking anything on his way to the watchhouse. John Harper, shopman to Mr. Bowden, proved the purchase by the prisoner of half-a dozen pistol bullets at Mr. Bowden's shop some time before the day of the murder ; the value of the bullets was only a halfpenny, but prisoner threw down a penny and refused to take the change. Sergeant Griffiths, of the Sydney Police : Was in charge of the watchhouse when the prisoner was brought in, and had him searched ; all that was found upon him was 17s. in money, a few percussion caps, some memoranda, and some other trifling articles ; the articles produced in Court are those taken from the prisoner, but part of the money had been expended by order of the Coroner to meet the coach hire for con- veying the prisoner to and from the inquest. After having been placed in the gaol, the prisoner called for water, which was brought him, and he drank about two pints within short intervals of each other, lying on the ground as he did so. Afterwards Mr. Francis O'Brien came there and requested to see his brother but witness refused to allow this without a magistrate's order. Having referred Mr. O' Brien to Mr. Miles, the latter came over and Mr O'Brien with witness and another constable, went into the cell to the prisoner; the latter was lying on the floor and refused to get up; Mr. O'Brien said, " Lucius, my dear boy, what have you been doing-what made you commit this rash deed ? " No reply having been made to this question, Mr. O'Brien said, "Keep up your spirits, and say nothing to anybody." To this the prisoner replied, " It is no use keeping up my spirits, Frank, I'm done;" and Mr. O'Brien having pressed him strongly to explain what he meant, told Mr. Miles that he feared the prisoner had been taking poi- son. On further question, the prisoner ad- mitted in a faint voice that he had taken arsenic enough to kill a bullock. Afterwards he ad- mitted to his brother that he had taken the poison from a vial just before he shot the man." Several medical men arrived, and the stomach pump was used by Dr. McKellar. Prisoner told his brother that he had bought the poison two or three days ago, in George street, at Mr. Atkon's. The prisoner answered all questions rationally, but appeared to be in such a state of exhaustion as not to desire being pressed with questions. The prisoner was very weak after the stomach pumping was over, and was not able to dress himself. When dry clothes were brought, his own being wet by the water used in pumping out his stomach. In the even- ing witness found a quantity of saliva in the cell where the prisoner had been confined, in- termixed with which there was a quantity of white powder, wet, and in lumps, as if not long cast up. Dr. Camp- bell was sent for, and after testing some of this powder in the flame of the lamp, and producing a smell like garlic, he took some more of it away with him for the purpose of further testing it by a chemical process. By Mr. WINDEYER : Prisoner had been about twenty minutes confined when Mr. Francis O'Brien came ; could not say whether either of the other brothers were then present ; prisoner appeared wild and frightened when he was brought into the Watch-House ; witness asked him his name, and he made no answer, being apparently too much confused. Mr. Campbell, surgeon, of George-street, cor- roborated the evidence of the last witness as to the finding of the arsenic and the testing of it in the flame of the lamp ; witness picked up about twenty-five grains, and ten grains would have been sufficient in ordinary cases to destroy life ; was satisfied from subsequent tests that the powder was really arsenic ; from the ap- pearances witness felt convinced that it had been cast up from the stomach ; arsenic might remain half an hour in the stomach without destroying life, and might even have remained an hour ; but if life was not destroyed under such circumstances it would be a most extraordinary case. When an excessive dose of arsenic was taken, it was apt to be thrown up. By Mr MICHIE: There was more arsenic on the floor than witness collected Sergeant Griffiths re-called Alderman Flood was present when the prisoner was being searched, but did not go into the cell with the prisoner's brother, no one saw the prisoner until Mr Miles came , the prisoner's brother had no opportunity of handing anything to him. Inspector Wright: Saw Alderman Flood and Mr O'Brien go into the cell within five minutes after the prisoner was as confined , Mr Francis O'Brien did not come to see the prisoner till after witness had gone away, but witness met him on the road Sergeant Griffiths re-called: Was quite sure that no person had gone into the cell before the arrival of Mr Miles , the cell door had only been opened before to give water to the pri- soner Frederick Mackellar, Surgeon: Knew the de- ceased, and saw him just before he died, saw the prisoner the same morning, when he came about eight o'clock to enquire for a young man who re sided with witness, relative to an account, when witness said the young man was as over at his mother's, and that if he (prisoner) went over there he would be paid , prisoner said he would go, and went away. Witness used the stomach-pump at the watch-house, and while giving the prisoner some brandy and water, after the operation was over, witness asked him several questions. Prisoner told him that he had taken arsenic from a bottle in the morn- ing , but when witness asked him why he had shot Dr Meyrick, he refused to say anything more, but groaned, and turned his face to the wall . The symptoms of having taken arsenic would appear at the farthest in an hour. Arsenic generally produced vomiting as soon as its action commenced as it was strongly irri- tating, to the coats of the stomach , a large dose would not be likely to produce a more speedy vomiting than a small dose , if arsenic was taken upon an empty stomach it would not be likely to be cast up unless with the aid of other medicines. The manner of the pri- soner was as all times reserved and morose, but his manner on this day was not different from that he usually exhibited. His answers to witness in the watch house were quite col- lected Edward Smith Hall: Knew the deceased, and remembered the circumstance of his death; knew the whose brother had married one of witness's daughters, did not know where prisoner lived , neither the prisoner nor Dr Meyrick visited at witness's house; Francis O'Brien kept a store at No 610 George street, and witness saw Dr Meyrick there about four times when witness was present. Prisoner never went to this store to witness's knowledge, and witness did not think he could have had an opportunity of knowing Dr Meyrick. By Mr WINDEYER: Had not known much of the prisoner of late, but knew him some time ago at Brisbane Water. Prisoner took his meals with witness for about nine months at this place, which was a farm of his brother's ; he had been his brother's overseer, wit- ness had seen him walking in the rain at Bri bane Water and talking to himself ^rt^l incapacity for business and habit-'jpllghtp 'JT18 ior a yourn, man, had often, see m of idleness, 1GBA thr -1 'fs nono-struck witness as nothing ATTORNEY-GENERAL: The time of which witness spoke was eighteen months ago The prisoner had many duties to perform, but he never performed those duties efficiently. It was only once that witness had seen the prisoner walking in the rain and talking to himself. This closed the case for the Crown. Mr WINDEYER then proceeded to address the Jury for the defence. He feared, that notwith- standing it was then four o'clock, they were only beginning the real matter of inquiry for they must be convinced by what they heard that the friends of that unhappy young man did not contemplate denying that his was the hand which deprived the community of Dr Meyrick. He should have been prepared indeed to admit this, if supported by less evidence than that which they had heard. He quite admitted the importance of the en- quiry, as one which concerned the whole com- munity ; for while it behoved them to guard those persons from being held responsible for their actions who could not have been so held answerable by a higher tribunal than any earthly one, it was equally imperative that they should guard most carefully against the possibility of insanity being feigned as a cover for crime. He quite admitted that the law of the case was as stated by the Attorney- General , and that the true distinction would have to be, whether at the time of committing the crime the prisoner was mentally conscious of his respon- sibility to the laws of God and the laws of man for such an act. He should be able, according to his instructions, to produce before the Jury such a mass of evidence is could not fail to convince the Jury beyond all doubt of the pri- soner'ss insanity for he should trace his history backwards up to the very time that he was at school and should show that his habits had been always the same. It was much to be re- gretted that the relatives of the prisoner had failed to observe the mental defects of the pri soner, and to adopt measures for his care , but it was to be feared that, like Mr Hall, they had attributed his habits of inattentation and neglect of business to pure idleness, and they now too late discovered the error into which they had fallen. He should be able to prove that the prisoner had never possessed any power of completing anything which he set about, but would be turned aside by the most trifling obstacle, and would be utterly incapable of recollecting any set of cir- cumstances for five minutes together. The learned gentleman then proceeded to advert to the leading features of the evidence which he expected to produce, and read extracts from several writers on Medical Jurisprudence, to show that such proofs as he expected to bring forward would amount to clear evidences of insanity. In conclusion, he begged of the Jury to dismiss from then minds all impressions which they might have formed from what they had heard out of doors. He then concluded by calling the Reverend Thomas Bodenham, a clergyman of the Church of England, now residing at Pitt Town, who stated, that in the year 1838 he was in the habit of attending St. Jamse's Grammar School daily, and remembered the prisoner there, he being then a pupil at that establishment' his manners were different from those of any boy witness ever saw ; he would, while in his class, lounge and roll himself about in an unnatural manner, and he appeared not to have half the ordinary under- standing ; there was a general manner about him, which made witness conclude that he would one day become a lunatic; the prisoner's tone of voice was also unnatural, and unlike that of other boys. Should think that the prisoner was then between twelve and fifteen years old, perhaps nearer to the latter than the former age. The prisoner was often deficient in his lessons, and witness should have pronounced him an idle boy who wanted much correction, had it not been for his manner ; should de- cidedly say it was want of intellect, rather than idleness, that was the cause of the prisoner's deficiency. The peculiarities of the prisoner were too sedate and serious to have been af- fected for the mere purposes of waggery. By the Court : Had seen some boys of great genius who exhibited much singularity, but there was a weakness and vagueness of coun- tenance in the prisoner when a boy that the countenances of sane men never exhibited. The countenance of the prisoner was now much changed. George Taylor : Was in the year 1838 Master at St. James's Grammar School, and remembered the prisoner being there as a scholar ; his habits were very strange, and he purposely refrained from associating with any of the other boys, and was at all times of a very melancholy temperament ; witness knew the prisoner for about six months ; the reserve of the prisoner was habitual, but if any of the boys attempted to play with him, he was easily excited ; the boys were in consequence afraid, and witness also was fearful of some mischief to them, if the prisoner became much excited. By the SOLICITOR-GENERAL : Would have thought that the prisoner was between seven- teen and eighteen, and the elder of the other boys was not more than thirteen. The prisoner appeared to be in advance of the other boys in point of education, and generally studied by himself; but witness had nothing to do with him in this respect ; had never seen any very violent gusts of passion. John Monahan : Was in the employment of Mr. Francia O'Brien in the years 1841 and 1842, and saw tho prisoner there, who had charge of the stores, but frequently neglected his busi- ness ; prisoner went out frequently at night, as he said, opossum hunting, but witness never saw him bring any opossums home ; had seen him coming home at six o'clock in the morning, as if out all night ; tho prisoner was generally known by the name of "Mad Louey ; among other habits the prisoner had, was that of pick- ing up and carrying home insects and reptiles which other persons would destroy ; witness used to see these animals tied up in a yard behind the house, sometimes alive, and sometimes dead; had seen the prisoner dancing what he called the highland fling upon a public wharf in the day time, and in sight of houses where females resided ; when some comical story was being told to the prisoner, he would often break off suddenly, exclaiming "Oh the little gods," and would walk away without listening any further; if two or three words only were at times spoken to the prisoner, he would often dart off, springing over the fences with perfect ease. By the ATTORNEY GENERAL: The prisoner was sometimes present at the weighing out of the rations, but seldom attended to it much ; had seen him reading ; night was the proper time for opossum hunting; had seen some of the men employed on the farm bathe with the prisoner, but there were no women there at that time. By Mr. Michie : The prisoner was out generally of a night, and often without a gun, but never brought game of any sort; opposum hunters generally select moonlight nights only for their sports. Matthew Lewis : Was in the employ of Mr. Francis O'Brien at Brisbane Water at the same tlime as the last witness ; had seen the prisoner dancing at the water's edge and rush foolishly into danger on many occasions ; the prisoner acted as overseer, but was a very bad one, and did not do justice to his brother at all ; had seen the prisoner break off in the middle of a conversa- tion, and run away whirling a stick, with his head down ; had seen prisoner put reptiles into a box for the purpose of keeping them, but afterwards, totally forgetting what he had done, would have allowed them to starve ; saw the prisoner on one occasion cutting up a bee with a razor; the prisoner was forgetful in everything, and witness during the whole of the eighteen months had never known him to carry out and finish anything that he had begun ; he was also very lonely in his habits, and would run away if any strangers came there ; had seen the prisoner eat meat which was really rotten and say it was beautiful ; prisoner never behaved like a man in his right mind. By the SOLICITOR-GENERAL : Had often eeen the prisoner go opossum "hunting, but never saw him with a gun; prisoner never became intoxicated, and although witness had fre- qently offered him rum he had always re- fused. Edward H IJ^.-^ifYom fl<Vor ** Knejij-jafd" stony Hargrave, of Brisbane Water : "¿Xíñw'itic prisoner at Illawarra in the latter end of 1836 and the beginning of 1837 ; pri- soner was of very singular habits ; among other things he used to go on the roof of the house and lay a long time on his back ; when asked about it he would say he had been looking at the stars ; the prisoner used to go out at night with two or three dogs, but with no gun ; his manner was singular and melancholy, and while at some times he would go for a long time altogether without food, at others he would eat a most extraordinary quan- tity ; one morning witness had asked the prisoner to breakfast with him as he was going to Sydney, and prisoner walked in, sat down in Mrs. Hargrave's place, poured out the tea, and finished his breakfast, without saying any- thing or waiting for them to join him, although witness and his wife were present. By the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, ;The roof was a sloping roof, but rather flat in its construc- tion ; did not believe it was customary to sleep outside. John Brown : Was employed as a compositor at the Monitor office, in 1838 and 1839 ; had fre- quent opportunities of observing the manner of the prisoner, who was considered to be out of his mind ; about a week before Dr. Meyrick's death, witness saw him, and his manner was the same as ever ; he passed by witness's house in a wild and frantic manner ; had seen him about four or five times within the last two or three months, and had observed the prisoner to have a solemn walk, looking some- times as if he was lost ; he was called "cranky" at the Monitor office. By the SOLICITOR-GENERAL: The prisoner used to come into the office without any ap- parent object, and could be persuaded to do anything ; they could persuade him to spend money, to recite pieces, and to play ; some- times the prisoner was sulky, and would not speak to them at all. William Samuel Proctor : Had for several years been an Inspector of different Hospitals in the colony ; had known the prisoner for the last five years, and had had frequent op- portunities of observing his conduct ; knew the prisoner at the Monitor Office, where his manner was always particularly reserved, and he seldom spoke to any one unless previously spoken to ; he appeared of an exceedingly me- lancholy turn ; witness had seen a great many mad people at the Hospitals, and from his ex- perience he should say that the countenance of the prisoner bore the character of insanity. By the SOLICITOR-GENERAL : Was at New- castle Hospital for about two years, where there were sometimes as many as twenty mad people ; one person that witness know to be a lunatic was similar in features to the prisoner ; had seen the prisoner in the streets of late, and observed him to go straightforward, stalking on, and compelling everybody to move out of his way rather than he out of theirs ; the appearance of the prisoner was always melancholy and re- served. Richard Tarrant. apothecary, carrying on business at Brickfield-hill, proved that on the 17th December the prisoner came to his shop and purchased half a pound of arsenic, which he said was for the purpose of poisoning rats. By the ATTORNEY-GENERAL. : Observed nothing peculiar in the prisoner's manner ; the prisoner signed a receipt for the aisenic-the receipt produced was the one in question. George Harris : Has been above three years and a half in the service of Mr. Francis O'Brien, in Sydney, with whom the prisoner resided; he (the prisoner) was in the habit of playing tricks with persons coming to the office on business ; when persons came to answer advertisements the prisoner used to write notes requesting the parties to whom they were addressed to send the bearer fur- ther ; prisoner used also to dance what he called the Highland fling in a state of nudity ; he used likewise to imitate the aborigines in various ways ; the only thing which he ever commenced and completed, to witness's know- ledge, was to write a sheet of paper (the size of a newspaper) full ; when at Brisbane Water the prisoner was frequently ,prowling about at night, and sometimes brought home bandi- coots ; prisoner had frequently gone so long as two days without food, and at other times would eat immoderately; he had frequently gone for a fortnight without washing or changing him- self, saying that the dirt kept him warm ; prisoner was called Cranky Louey ; about six weeks ago, prisoner called on witness at about two o'clock in the morning, and having woke him, was about to go away, when witness jumped out of bed, collared him, and asked him what he did there ; he replied that he came for a pipe and some tobacco ; prisoner had been in the habit of calling on witness, and generally went away about ten o'clock, when he often staid about the streets till one or two o'clock in the morn- ing ; on the morning of Dr. Meyrick's death, prisoner asked witness to go to Mrs. O'Brien, and ask her to grant him a private interview with her at eleven o'clock ; witness saw Mr. O'Brien, who went to Mrs. O'Brien, and came back with a note, which he gave the prisoner ; this note he handed to another person to read, and it appeared to contain an intimation that the interview he asked for would be granted ; the note produced was the one in question; witness gave him another note from Mr. Francis O'Brien, and upon reading this he said he was very sorry, as he should have liked to have had another interview for the last time ; this note appeared to be a refusal of the interview ; prisoner had at this time a telescope on the table which he said he used to look at people in the street with, and told witness that the large end was the proper one to look through ; prisoner then went away, saying that he would "see Frank himself." By the ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Witness was an assigned servant to Mr. Francis O'Brien; had been in the colony four years, and came out under a sentence of fourteen years for rob- bery ; prisoner's duty in the printing office was that of a clerk, and he occasionally received money and kept accounts ; prisoner was also in the habit of squirting water at people; the prisoner was getting worse since April last, and he had been falling away in flesh ; had seen Dr. Meyrick at Mr. Francis O'Brien's ; he first came to look at some yams which came up from the Fegee Islands in a vessel by which the doctor ar- rived; did not think that the prisoner ever saw him there, although he might have done so without knowing him. Henry Smeathman : Was at Brisbane Water in 1841 and 1842, and had an opportunity of observing the prisoner ; he appeared a curious and distant person, avoiding all sort of inter- course ; witness set him down in his own mind as an idiot ; witness first observed him in the early part of 1841, and his demeanour had remained the same ever since ; prisoner frequently refused to answer questions which were put to him. John Hall : Had known the prisoner some years, who had been in the habit of calling upon witness on business ; his manner was very peculiar, and he frequently neglected the orders for advertisements which witness gave him. He was wild and visionary in the ideas which he expressed, and his manners were anything but those of a man of business. He was varied in his dress and appearance and was equally varied in his manner of col- lecting accounts : for sometimes he would ask for a settlement in the most gentlemanly man- ner, while at others he would come most haughtily and demand payment ; he often did this after he had been really paid. Joseph Raphael ; Know the prisoner Lucius O'Brien, and had had frequent opportunities of observing his conduct ; had often seen him in the street waving his arms, as if he was addressing somebody ; prisoner used to be apparently unconscious of what was passing around him ; the demeanour of the prisoner was altogether most strange, and very différent from that of a person in the possession of his right senses ; prisoner was in the habit of say- ing that witness had a female in his house whom he (prisoner) was prevented from seeing, and described her in several different ways. This occurred about a fortnight or three weeks before Dr. Meyrick's death. James Brown, of George-street: Knew the prisoner, who had called upon him on the 18th of December, previous to the day of the murder ; witness however did not see him, Edward Kennedy Sylvester: Had known the prisoner for some time ; became first quainted with him svheji_.hj3.^aidur1>i>,"-*'><'ao Monitor Office^jlí^p*'1^ "'"lu'ecl at the old a*ï&îi"or"pi'-,'J ->' Lower George-street, about a month and a-half ago ; at that time witness, although not much acquainted with him, noticed his singular demeanor and appearance, and his great shyness, apparently arising out of pride ; witness afterwards went to assist Mr. George O'Brien in the management of the Dispatch, and he then occupied the same room with the prisoner, having thus the best oppor- tunity of observation ; witness observed that his manner and actions were not those of other men, but, seemed to have been induced by motives different to those which would have influenced others ; he dressed differently, undressed differently, and ate and drank, differ- ently from ordinaiy persons; he was fre- quently agitated from what would appear to have been a violent passion by the efforts which it took to suppress it; after these gusts of passion had subsided he would be for several hours silent, and would not anssver anything that was said to him ; witness never saw any tangible reason for those gusts of pas- sion, which generally arose from some trivial contradiction ; he also possessed no power of completing anything which he commenced ; on one occasion he commenced an account be tween his brother and some man for £20, which took him three weeks, and after all he did not complete it properly ; the least ob- stacle, such as pen, ink, or paper, being out of the way, appeared to be insurmountable, and, indeed, sufficient to stop him in any task which he had commenced ; this want of power to complete what he commenced arose from con- stitutional inability, and not from any feeling of laziness ; the prisoner, who was an excellent swimmer, once commenced making a pair of tin paddles in order to enable him, as he said, to go along like a shark, but he did not com- plete this work ; prisoner had likewise a theory of perpetual motion, and one night he kept witness awake till three o'clock in explaining his views as to the divisibility and destructibility of matter - his theories were all very vague and undefinable. He was subject to fits of abstraction, and would burst out of these fits by singing snatches of songs to a wild and melancholy air, and he would frequently dance what he termed the Highland fling, but which was really a most tremendous physical exertion. Had known the prisoner to go two or three days together with out food, while at other times he would not only feed voraciously, but appeared to care but little what it was. The sense of touch appeared very defective, and he not only held money or small articles in a peculiar manner, but was in the habit of fumbling a long time over a knot before he could untie it. At times the prisoner would be very sulky towards witness, andflor two months together he had never spoken one single syllable to witness, although they were together l8 hours out of the 24. Witness had often spoken to him about insanity, and upon these occasions the prisoner would allude to the reports as to his own insanity, and would attempt to refute them, but in so doing he would appear to labour under great awe like a child listening to a ghost story. Prisoner was very fond of his brothers and family, and wished, as well as he could, to ad- vance their interests ; during the last six months, however, prisoner had grown very savage and morose in his manner, and impatient of all control on the part of his brothers; about three weeks before Dr. Meyrick's death, prisoner left his brother's house, and went no one knew wither; the day before this circumstance, prisoner came to the house in a great hurry and saw his brother, but when he went away, after stay of a few minutes, his countenance was frightfully livid with passion. By the SOLICITOR-GENERAL: Did not think that the prisoner had any sane views of right and wrong ; had heard him say that he would think it no sin to destroy a wife- if she deceived him, and that he was, in his own opinion, the | "only judge in such matters, without reference to the laws of God, or the laws of man ; believed the prisoner was aware that in so acting he would be violating the established law, but that he did not think he would be sinning against society ; had heard the prisoner express doubts as to the existence of a God, and believed that he knew nothing of a future state, nor did he believe in such a state ; had heard prisoner tell his brother that he (the prisoner) hated him. William Bland, Esq., surgeon: Had heard most of the evidence during the present trial, and judging from that evidence should certainly not think that a person of whom such acts could be spoken could be of sane mind ; such a person might be conscious of a difference be- tween right and wrong, but his knowledge would be of no use from his labouring under strong influences, over which he could have no control ;had seen the prisoner in gaol before this trial and considered him insane; but should have been afraid to pronounce an opinion upon so short anl observation ; should have thought the prisoner a proper person to place under le straint. By the ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Had asked the prisoner several questions, to which his answers were vacile and unsatisfactory; had formed his opinion, from the whole of the evidence which had been given ; should think that from infancy there must have been some defect of the sensorium indicative of unsound mind, and probably an increasing functional derangement; his state of mind might have been at first only slightly demented, but had become by degrees a confirmed lunacy ; it fre- quently happened that persons so situated could recollect clearly a whole series of facts, up to o given point, when all recollection would cease. This sort of thing would often continue even after the recovery of the person ; the length of time which intervened threw no doubt on witness's mind as to the taking of the arsenic, witness having known cases in which a perfect recovery had taken place under such circumstances ; the taking of arsenic was generally followed by immediate excitement, and in one case, which had come under wit- ness's own experience, the medical gentleman who was first called in had pronounced it a case of drunkenness. By the COURT: Under such a state of mind as had been described, witness did not believe that a person could commit an act such as had been attributed to the prisoner, and be con- scious that he was justly amenable either to earthly or heavenly tribunals. Dr. Nicholson ; Had heard the evidence for the defence, and from that evidence had come to the irresistible conviction that a person evincing such a state of mind must be insane; he decidedly could not be responsible for his actions ; wit- ness was of opinion, from the history of his moral perceptions, that he was incapable of judging between right and wrong. By the SOLICITOR-GENERAL : Had come to this opinion, first, from the absence of all appa- rent motive for the act ; the series of acts which had been exhibited for the last six or seven years, would also lead witness to this conclu- sion, though the twentieth part of the evidence he had heard that day would lead him to such a conclusion ; witness's deliberate opinion was, that the prisoner's insanity existed to such an extent that he could not know the difference between right and wrong ; from the history of the case, witness would not hesitate to say that the disease was congenital ; should doubt, if in confinement for a length of time, that his mental health would entirely return ; the same principle of insanity which would lead him to suicide, would probably act to induce him to take the lives of others ; the cunning of mad- men might account for his mentioning the fact of the poison and concealing that of the firing. Mr. Cartwright, Surgeon : Did not think that a person to whom the evidence which had been given referred could be sane ; did not think such a man could be considered responsible for his actions. By the ATTORNER-GENERAL,: Had formed this opinion from the whole tenor of the evi- dence, in conjunction with a previous exami- nation of the prisoner; considered that the prisoner laboured under moral insanity, which was a perversion of the affections and higher emotions ; did not think a perception of right and wrong could exist in the present case. The moral insanity was accompanied with imbe- cility, and witness did not think he could know that in committing a murder he had done wrong; the evidence of design, in the purchase of the bullets and the poison, would not affect witness's opinions at all as to his madness. , The foreman stated that tho-if*" »"*<'.'«."'> sufficient evidenceJa/nítlRífl» Jury had heard to the questions to make up their minds as troublat'S,*'-vlun °' msanity, and would not trouble the Attorney-General to address them, inasmuch as anything that he could say would not alter their opinion ; and on the other hand, they would not trouble His Honor to recapitu- late the evidence. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL having waved his right of reply, His Honor told the Jury that the only ques- tion for their determination, in point of law, was whether the prisoner, at the time of committing the act with which he stood charged, was con- scious of the distinction between right and wrong. If a person had a strong propensity to commit an act of violence, with a full knowledge that it was wrong, this would form no excuse, but the operation of the will was necessary to constitute the crime of wilful murder, and it was for the Jury to determine upon this fact from the evidence they had heard. The Jury, after retiring for one or two minutes, found a verdict of not guilty ; the prisoner being in their opinion insane at the time of firing the pistol ;-and accompanied their verdict with an expression of opinion that he was insane at the present time. ' The prisoner was then remanded until the pleasure of His Excellency be known. The above case occupied the Court from the time of its opening until two o'clock on Tues- day morning, with the exception of an adjourn- ment for a quarter of an hour between one and two, and for an hour at half- past six, for the purpose of refreshment. ' TUESDAY. Before their Honora the CUIEP JUSTICE "and Mr. Justice DICKINSON. >. MURDER. James Duval was indicted as an accessary after the fact to the murder of Thomas Warne by one John Vidall. The information con- tained a set of counts similar to those in the information under which Yidall was convicted on Friday last, describing in various ways the murder which AVOS then said to have been com- mitted by the latter, and there AVOS n final count, reciting the conviction of Vidall and charging the prisoner at the bar with havdng, with a full knowledge of this fact, aided, abetted, and concealed the said John Vidall, for the purpose of eluding the due course of justice. The prisoner having pleaded not guilty, the following jury AVerc empanelled: llobert M. Pite (foreman), EdAvard O'Hora, James Powell, Thomas Perkins, Joseph Oxley, John Peck, David ' Peden, William Onus, Thomas Parker, Robert Porter, Joseph Onus, and Charles Saul Phillips. The cuso for the Crown Avas conducted by the ATIOUNEY-GEXKUAI«, and the defence by Mr. LOWE, AVIIO, vs-ith Mjr. Want as attorney, had been assigned by the Court for that pur- pose. Tho ATIOUNKY-GENERAIÍ briefly stated the (¿leuinstonces of the case as proved on the trial of Vidall, and the bearing of the evidence then given upon the cube of the present prisoner. Mr. J. B. Hutchinson, the second clerk of the Supremo Court, ivas then called, and pro- duced the original information against Vidall, with a memorandum on the back to the effect that he had been found guilty and sentenced to death. . Upon the Attorney-General'applying to hóvo this information read, Mr. LOAVE objected to the course proposed, on the ground that the conviction could only be proved by the record, the document then tendered being nothing mqre than a mero me- morandum upon the information, made by tho officer of the Court,, The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said, that the course' he intended to have adopted vs*as to have proved the verdict by the' Clerk of ArraignB, but al- though he had told that officer ol it a fcAv minutes befoio, he AVOS absent. Ii ho had proved the case iii1 this manner, he should have been piepared to contend that in this case there ivas no necessity to -make up and produce a second record previous to tho trial of tho prisoner at the bar as an accessary, and oven at present he submitted that the document tendered was sufficient. - . » The Cmm> JUSTICE was of opinion that the evidence of the Clerk of Arraigns would not carry the case any further, as the only proper evidence of a conviction would be then-cord itself. .Mr. Justice DICKINSON thought the allega- tion to bo proved was the conviction of the» prisoner Vidall, and the only evidence of such conviction in ii Court of Record must be tho re- cord itself. The Ciiiur .JUSTICE quoted a himihir case which had occurred at l'ort Phillip two yeais ago, and which had I ecu referred to the three Judges in Sydney by Mr. Justice Y\ illi.s, when it was decided that the conviction muht be proved by the record. His Honor also quoted the opinion of the twelve Irish Judges on the ' same point, to the same effect. ] Mr. LOWE submitted to the» Court that an ne- cessary after the fact could not be even tried ' until after the conviction of the principal was duly proved. After some further argument, in the course of which tho ATTOUXEY-GENEUAI, contended it would be open to him to prove by oral testimony the guilt and conviction of Vidall, The CHIEF JUSTICE said, that there wero two points for determination-first, whether the record must be produced to prove conviction ; nnd_secondly, whether it was open to the At- torney- Goneral to give oral testimony to prove the guilt of Vidall. The information alleged that Vidall was tried and convicted, " as by the Retord of the Court duly appeared ;" and apart from.thiaallegation, which appeared to be a ma- terial one, it had been decided in the cuses which had been referred to, that the only way in which facts of this description could be legally established was, by reference to the recorded instrument in which the caption, the indict- ment,' the names of the Jury, the verdict, and the judgment, were fully set forth. Upon the non-produotion of this instrument there was therefore an end of the case, unless the con- viction could be proved by other means. With reference to the second point- namely, tho admissibility of oral testimony as a proof of Vidall's guilt, it appeared to him that the allegation of çuîlt could not be made out until proof of conviction had been given, so that such proof wns rendered necessary under any circumstances. The officer of the» Court to whom the Attorney-(3eneral had referred had retired from the Court with his (the Chief Justice's) permission, having been arduously engaged lor several days successively in tho performance of his duty ; he might, however, be sent for, although it was hard to see of what useJiis evidence could bo even if ho wero present. ^ The ATTOKNEY-GENEUAL signified his inten- tion of serving-a-subpoma upon tho proper officer of the Court to produce the record, as, for ought he knew, it might be prepared. In the meantime, however, he should proceed to provo the remaining facts of the case, Mr. LOWE contended, as before, that a foun- dation must, in the first instance, be laid by proof of the conviction; but their Iloxoits were of opinion that, provided this proof was given, it mattered not nt what stage of the case it was produced. The point, however, thus raised by Mr. LOWE was reserved. A number of witnesses were then called, whose evidence was the same as that given at the trial of YidaU, reported in Monday's Herald, showing the circumstnnce of the fire at Warne's house on the evening in question, the disco- very of the murder, and the apprehension of Vidall and 4I10 prisoner. It was like- wise proved that Duvall had resided for some time with Warne before his death, and that although the» prisoner did not attempt to run away at the time of appre- hension, he stated to the constables that he had been employed by Mr. Warne to carry the box, und was the person who actually engaged with the boatman to carry the box to the Xorth Shore. "When some blood was seen upon a stone near tho water's edge, after the relanding of the box, the prisoner, it was proved, put his finger to it, smelt it, and snid it was nothing. Dr. M'Kcllar, in addition to his former evi- dence, stated that the body could not have been reduced by fire to such astute as it was in when he saw it in less than two hours, and that the smell of the place was so offensive that no per- son could go there without perceiving it. There was a table and two buckets in the room, and the table might have been drawn to the window, in which caso a person might with great ease have lifted a bucket from out- side without assistance, although without this it \vo~uTd1To~'impö^^ ' high, as his (Dr. M'Kellar's) shoulder on tho inside». By the appearance of the» thighs at the place they were divided, it would also appear that the person who sawed them must either have sawed them very carefully, or must have had an assistant to hold the legs ; it was quite possible, however, for one person to do it by using great care. » A woman named M'Carthy stated that at about 8 o'clock on the evening in question, Vidall AVOS at the house where the prisoner lived, and went out Avith him and his wife, when the latter said they Avero going to make their markets; about 11 o'clock she heard voices in Duval's place, as if they had returned, but could not distinguish As-hose voices they Avcre ; sasv Vidall at prisoner's house about 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, and sasv the pri- soner and him go out together both before and after 1 o'clock. Margaret Hogan stated, that on the Satur- day evening she baAV Vidall come to prisoner's i house and speak to the latter in a foreign lan- guage ; after this sho heard a footstep, us if of some parson going away. On cross-examina- tion this witness admitted that she had quar- relled Avith Mrs. Duval, the wife ol' the pri- soner. Sergeant Nugent, in addition to his former testimony, stated that Avhen ho enteicd AVnrne's house Avith the prisoner and Vidall, the former clapped his hands together, and said " My God, there's been something doini» here ;" Avitness remarked that they hod been killing somebody, and Duval, dipping his fingers in some blood that layon tho floor, said "this blood is the Bamo colour us that which is coming,out of the box;" the smell of the place AVOS very offensive ; on their way to the Avatchhouse the prisoner told Avitness that Vidall had hired him to convey the box to the North 1 Shore to meet Warne. On cross-examination witness stated that Duval went Avillingly with him to Warne's house, and did not appeor at all frightened Avhen he Avas going up stairs. Thomas Wilson, a native ol' the Isle of France, hud been a shipmate of Vidall's, in the Lady Blackwood ; had never been at Warne's house till the Sunday evening in question, but had heard Vidall speak of him very highly on board the ship, saying, that Warne Avould help him Avithout payment. On the evening in question, witness Avas standing near the Black Dog, public-house, when Vidall asked Avitness if ho Avanted a job, tell- ing him, that if he would corry a box to the Waterman's Wharf he should have one shilling and sixpence ; witness agreed to do this ; Duval Avas present at the tnnc but did not say anything; Asdtncss then went with them to to the house, and staid in the room while the box Avas brought to him by Vidall; Vidall drngged the box out by himself, but Avitness could not soo Avhat Duvall AVUS doing ; this AS'OS in the large room, and it svas vciy dark ; witness and Vidall got the box down stairs, and they carried it botsveen them until they caine to the Dockyaul, when Duval gave Avitness a spell as the box AVOS very heavy ; did not perccivo any uplcasunt smell in the house at the lime, but noticed an unpleasant smell coming from the box, and asked Avhat was in it, %hen Vidall said it ASMS pork ; witness svas present ss'hen the box AVOS put in the boat, and when the waterman subsequently refused to take it; did not heal Duval, who svas standing by, say anything ; heaid the prisoner and Vidall talking together, but could not under- stand what was said, as they spoku in high French, AA-hilc Avitness only understood Creolo French. Tho Prothonotary then produced tho record ?of the trial, conviction, and sentence of John Vidall for AS'ilful murder. This closed the case for the Crown. Mr. LOWE then proceeded» to address the Jury for the defence, and comme-nccd by ex- pressing his gratification that the separation of the cases of Vidall and tho prisoner then at the bar had saved the latter from thodaugerous and disgraceful position of being placed on his trial as a principal in th.cmurder._Thc Attorney- ' General appeared HOAV to be hi_r__"lf conscious that there Avcre no grounds for charging Duval as a principal, and the more the I evidence Asas sifted, the moie clear it would u]»pi nr th it ho could not es cn be convicted as aceessarv after the fait Notwithstanding the recmd sshiih they hi»1 lind of x idrdl s r.miction it AS as" quito open to the Jury, m the pi osent investigation, to come to the eonclision tint such conviction had been enont ins and ill founded, and to uve the benefit ot th it doubt 1 he urababil ties hoss cser, vserc not onlv th it Air Wim had been muidcred, but that it ss is the hand of Vid ill by AS Inch the blow hid been inflicted, vet supposing this io be the case, it Avould not foi m a Oiouud ii piesmning the existence of quilty 1 noss led¡,c in the prisoner, unless some tan"iblc csidcnci of that knowledge ssas aelth ei I He ihould be ptepared to proAC, I y satislietoiA evidence, hoss the prisonei s time vs is disposed of norn eight o clock, until half | ist nine on tin oscning m que s tion so that ho could not by any possibility hase bien at Wune s at the time of the mur der Hie fire tock placo at ibout a quaiter to ten, and as fiom the evidence of the surgeon the bnly would have taken two hours to bc come so f r consumed as it did, the murrin must base bi cn committed iboutci^ht o clock Hi us Vidal), or AvhocAer the minderer ASÍS must has e committed the murder, cut up ti i bodv, and made the Ino by linns-*!! and in deed theic ssas nothing shown wInch could, make the bcrviecs oí an accomplice necessary foi es cn the eneumst ince of lilting lue buckets to the roo! sv is tully cvpl lined by the csideuu of Dr Alael eil ir. Hie prisoner could scirtely has e i ntcred the house ti at ev ening in so po pulous a neighbourhood vsithout bein,; seen us someone md he (Mr Loss e) ssould doubtlcs base been prepaiul with ssitnessch to account for i lainei j enod of the ) risonei s tune, it he bud not intuipvled, is the Attorney Gen ni foimuly said, that the prisoner ssould b m dieted is a priuci} ii, ni Ashichcisc, ill th it Asould be neecssaiy AV is to shoAs lum lu» turn vv is i m ploy i d about the bom the murdt r svns supposed 11 have been committed No stiong inferences could be drawn from the fact of the pusoner having been in the company ol Vulill for it ASHS clearly shosvn that they AS ere m the habit of associating together, and [ any departuie from this practice might be mort suspicious th in then continuing to meet us usuil Looking at the absein e of any neets I sity f Ji a confidant m this bombie transaction, it must Le presuming Vid ill to he dcAoid ol the usual oidinaiy prudence it it should be assumed that ol his osvn free AS ill ho convniu nicited ill the eneumst mees to the prisoner 1 he learned ¿cntlcman then proceeded to com mint upon the evidence which had been given, arguuin on the lmpiob ibihty of tho défendant bein,» i pirty to the cilhn,- in of a third pir son to issist m the remos ii of the box it lie had been leahy i party to the crime, and urgma upon the attention of the Jury tin openness of all the prisoner's actings and say nigs as a pioof that lu ssas unconscious of the p irt sshich ho had been compelled involuntarily to take, by the superior cunning of Vidall, to ssards the concealment of i murder. He con eluded by calling Mr HoAvkeslcy, m istc r mariner, Avho stated that the pnsonei had been emploved by him, and behcAcd lum to be an industrious moffen siAc min, had paid the prison« his wages about seven o clock, or a little before, on the evening, of Saturday, the 23rd of November Trinéis Cohen saw the prisoner's vsifeen the evening of Snturd VA , tho 23rd NoAember, at Clark s public house, opposite the Oldina sun, nt about half past eight, a man ASÍS AAith her AS horn witness believed to be the pu son< r it the bar , AS ltness AS as there for tsventy minuit s, and sshen he left they ss ere still there , thes had a ehila with thom, which vsas in tlip aims ol the fen ale Iliomas Hurley savs the vsifo of prisoner in his shop it the forner of Market and George streets bttsveen nine and ten o'clock on tlu inaht ni question , did not observe the ru soner there, and did not see a chüd with Mm Duval, the prisoner might have been outside cany ing the child Marg net Sheban lived mid kept a shop in Prince street Ivnesv the pusoner at the bir and his ssife, and s i A thom both at her shop bctss een nine and ton o clock on the oveiimg in question , Mrs Duvall carne inside, and pri soner remained outside with the child in hw arms Amy Mills sass Vidall bringing m tsso buckets of AS ter a little beloie eleven o clock on the ÇA cnin¿ in question, and take them up slmrVirn'Tö^rurne's TÜÓTII Citherine DOAASC Knew the prisonei and his AS de, behoved the latter to bo an honest good kind of woman, although very poor, lind alvsaysan equally good opinion of the prisoner, vs ho vs ns a e/iod and kind husband, had known them about six months Constable Porter proved tha* Vidall had only one penny in his pocket when searched at the ss itch house, and ssould therefore base been unable to pay the two shillings agreed upon. M." Furainond, French Consul : Had known the prisoner, and believed, from what he ob- served, that he was a honest hard working man ; since» the prisoner had been in custody witness had made enquiries of his character from others, and the result of these enquiries had been satisfactory. M. Guion : Had known the prisoner two or three years, and had employed him ; believed him tobo an honest, iudustrious,and inoffensive man, although rather Gull of intellect, George Butteny : Had known the prisoner about two years 5 had employed him, and be- lieved him to be a very industrious, sober, quiet, and inoffensive man, M. Birnstingl knew the prisoner, who caine out in the same bhip with him from England, and always bore a good character. M. Vaillant had known the prisoner a year, » and believed him an industrious, humane man, but with weak, intellect. Several other witnesses were called, whose evidence couobomted that already given, as to the good character of the prisoner, and this closed the case for the defence. T The ATTORNEY-GENEIUL waved his right of reply. The» On mr JUSTICE told the Jury, that thi» hist matter of fact which thoy would have to find was, that a murder was really committed by John Vidall, and this they would have to do of their own opinion, independent of the former verdict, although the record of such verdict was prima facie evidence of the fact. If, after a consideration of aU the evidence, the Jury should be of opinion that John Vidall really committed the murder, the next fact to be determined was that of Ida con- viction, upon which point, ho (the Chief Jus- tice) would refer them to the record which had been placed in evidence. The next ques- tion, and that which affected the prisoner most materially, was the charge that the prisouci knowing of the crime which Vidall had com- mitted, did aid and assist the murderer in eluding justice, or in concealing the evidence of the crime If with a knowledge that the box really contained the body ol'Mr. Warne, he had used exertions to get it over to the North Shore, he would be fin accessary after the fact, but it was essential to this that he should bo a wore of the crime having been committed. Of the piisonei's guilt, the Jury must be assured beyond all reasonable doubt, before they could find a verdict against him ; but, on the con- trai y, if they tound any circumstances war- ranting any reasonable supposition of inno- cence, he would be entitled lo nu ocquittal. His Honor then proceed ed to advert to the lead- ing points of the evidence, agaiii telling the Jury that they would not bo justified in find- ing a verdict of guilty, unless they felt an irresistible conclusion to that effect from,the circumstances they heard detailed. The Jury, without quitting tho box, found a verdict of not guilty. The Cmr.r JesncE told the prisoner, that he believed ho would be justified in assuming that he (the prisoner) was acquitted honourably, with a belief on the part of the Jury thut he was really innocent. It appeared from the evidence, that the prisoner had hithci to bornean excellent character, ami as this character had now stood him in good btcad, it was to bo hoped that he would see the value of maintaining ft during the remainder of his life». The prisoner was thci. discharged. Court adjourned nt a quarter past eight until half-past niuo this morning. PrmU.il and Published by CHAIUBB KBMI» awi v'oa.v , '/.j ni AX, at ¿¿-a Morning He»ri*Jd Trott ing Office, Lower George- street, Sydney, i*'» I South Wak», Wednesday, January lo, l8«. 