, ' ENG LIS II. JUSTICE.—Tliemistocles once declared, in a full assembly of the people, that he liarl a project to propose of the greatest public utility ; but that he could not communicate , , I H to the citizens at large, because the success of it depended much on the secresy with which it was executed. He therefore requested they would appoint a person to whom he might explain him<elf without any danger of a discovery. Aristides (who was so much distinguished for his integrity that he received the glorious surnampof the Just) was the person fixed upon foi that purpose by the whole assembly. They had so great a confidence in his piudence and honesty, that they referred the matter entirely to i,jB opinion. Tliemistocles, therefore, having! | taken him aside, informed him that the project lie had conceived was to buru the fleet of the Grecian stales, which then lay in a neighbouring port, called the Piiceus; a iding, that by this means Athens would become absolute mistress of the sea and the empire of all Greece. After this explanation Arislides relumed to the assembly, and assured lliein nothing could be mote beneficial to the Republic than the project of Tliemistocles, but, at the same lime, that nothiiig could be more unjust and dishonourable. On hearing this the people unanimously voted that Them jslor les should desist from his project. This story is the more remarkable, as it was not a company of philosophers, but a whole state who issued an order by which they deprived themselves ofa very considerable advantage, because the mpans of obtaining it were not agreeable to llie rigid dictates of justice. DREADFUL COLLISION AT SEA, AND LOSS OF LIFE.—A passenger on board the Iron Duke steamer, which runs between Liverpool and Dublin, describes a dreadful event which occurred in the channel a few nights since:— 44 1 regret to inform you that a melancholy accident occurred in our passage from Dublin to Liverpool. Shortly after two o'clock this morning I ran upon deck to ascertain the cause ofa slight shock which I felt the moment before, and on looking out was horrified to perceive that the bows of our ship (the Iron Duke) were crushing right over a large brig, with all her sails set, which lay right athwart us. We had struck her atqidBliips, and gone into lier with our. irou prow, as if the bad been an eggrshell. To a shorter time than it has, taken me to ( write the above, the vessel, with a quivering,, motion through all her rigging, gave a; heavy lurch, and went down on an, even keel, slowly, and steadily, wijh all lie,r sails, and masts standing, while a yell qf despair, which I never can forget, rose at the moment. The word was passed to put out llie boats; we had backed our engines some time previously, and they succeeded in saving one poor fellow. Three men got into the bowsprit riggipg, and thus four in all were rescued from tiie miserable fate which befell their seven companions. In five minutes all was over and passed, like some dream, but there were the poor wretches, pale and shivering, walking the deck like ghosts, to warrant the truth of the dreadful story. Of the gallant biig nothing remained but a few fragments of the wreck floating here and there in the water. From the accounts of the half lifeless men it was collecled that the vessel was called the Parana, of Liverpool, 200 tuns burden, and had sailed for Montreal with a general cargo of goods. The statements as to the collision differed materially, some of the men saying that they had excellent lights aloft, others that the mate had run amHships,find waved one ns he saw us approaching. Our men declaied that they never saw the brig until she was rather near them, owing to her lying in the smoke of the steamer (which floated heavily a-liead on the water, in conscquencc of the calmness of the night), and others said the engines had not been reversed soon enough. Be the blame with whom it ipay, certain it is that great and culpable negligence did exist somewhere, or such an awful accident, by which seven human beings were hurried into eternity (for there were 11 men on board the brig) could not have occurred on such a night, when there waB scarce a breath of air stirring, and the sky clear and starry. The sensalioo the painful accident created on board may be well conceived, and it was with difficulty that the terrified passengers could believe 6uch an occurrence possible. A subscription was entered into for the survivors. The boats of the steamer cruised round about to save more lives lor some time in vain, and after lying to for a considerable period, we at length proceeded on our saddened voyage Tl,e on l y damage the Iron Duke sustained was the loss of Tier bowsprit and figurehead And here it may be well to call the attention of the company to (he scantiness oilier boat accommodation. Had we met a larger craft than ourselves, and had our bows stove in, what could we have done? We were some miles from Point Lynas, with 80 passengers, &c.;, on board, and boats which could hold about a third of that number. The result is truly horifyitig to contemplate." The foilowing is a copy of a report from Lieutenant , Par f, 0^. R - N J. *l>«l. we have been kindly favoured :—" At I past 2 a. m., on (he 10th September, struck the Parana, a , r dbout 'S 2o0 tons, with general ca go, Liverpool to Montreal, out one day j •"<> » f people went down, threejuroped on board the Iron Duke, were «avcd by the boats which lau . n f llcd lh«. P " ^ - Captain , " <1*o». who perished, is stated to be the pr.no.pal owner, and has left a w,le and a n "0'- Lynas Light bearing U three ^gues when the colliston took place— George Parsons. From the mate, an ex- , "^.ngly intelligent seaman and three of , 1 le crew we llave learnt ' the following partreal. About two o'clock in the morning, when about six miles to the eastward of Point Lynas Light, made a vessel, that proved lo be the Dublin mail steam-ship the Iron Duke. Saw her bearing down on them, but was no way alarmed. The brig had no light forward, but had a poop or high quarter deck, and no bulwarks on the quarter (merely a rail), and a towering skylight, about three feet above the deck, in which a light was fixed. As the steamer npared, the mate hailed her (but the noise ol the engines was so great tliat he conjectures that he was not heard), and immediately took the light from the binnacle and held it up, but without effect. The brig was on the starboard lack, steering about S W. half W. when she was struck by the steamer a little abaft the fore rigging and the foretopmast backstays, and went through the slat board combings of the fore hutch, aud , , , . , - , , I re3cll 1 ed > he larboar T d on , es ' !' us nearl >' cu t ' l . u, ,ler ln S tw 1,1 tllls °- J situation lour of the tllP crew f>rfiiu managed mgnaffAll to t„ get <rnt on n„ board hnorH of r>r llie I Itn Iron Duke, by the bowsprit, and the mate, who ran afl to call the captain, who was lying on the lockers, got entangled with some of the wreck, and was severely though not dangerously hurt. He was eventually saved by the boats of the steamer, but how, , , - , . - • I llc 1,118 not "If slightest recollection. The j male * as . ? ve !' as 0, 1 * he seamen we have i seen - P° 6ltl * el y stale that the engines were n ° L °PP ED until after the collision took | P but tliat the night was exceedingly . na . st y- The names of those saved from | ! lie W'S "ere—\\\ .lliam Hichell. male, badly ,lurt; men ; John WHliam Craig, Cover cook and and John steward. Martin,sea Another man, whose name we could not learn, was also saved. Those drowned were— Wilson, the captain j Alexander Stewart, second made; George Coatcs, seaman; also the carpenter and aii ordinary seaman. The captain was, it is slated, a married man, and has left a wife aud five children in this town lo deplore his loss. A subscription was immediately entered into on board the sleainer, on behalf of the survivors, and, we learn, very soon amounted to about £40. GENUINE REPORT OF THE PRINCE DE JOIKVILLE —The delay attending the publication of the report of the Prince de Joinville created considerable surprise, and even now the report which has been given to the public is not exacl. The following are the precise terms in which the Prince de Joinville furnished his account of the bombarding ofTungier. The report was addressed to the King, and not lothe Minister ol Marine, though, in its revised form, it is given to the wot Id ns a communication lo that functionary— 44 On board the Pluto steamboat, August 10,1844. Mydear Father—Knowing that you will be really anxious to know what I am doing out here. I send you the particulars, which you may dish up in any way you like, as a report to Mackau, lo whom I don't think it worth while to write at all on the subject. On the 6th August, being very anxious to distinguish myself in a naval engagement, we let off some guns at llie batteries. I cannot tell the number of .t|ie enemy, because we neverfkw them, but I have no-doubt lliere were at lewt fifty times -as. many. .Bs. thc^e wsrecfiu. Our brave saitara -fired away -beautjfully, and - we only lost three meniwho, I-thTnlT; wer£killed bv some (if-qiMYtUVnphpls; bltf it/would read better in 'a 4 !4esji^c|i,V tp,at$h(ite Ahe fat;t to the ispirited resistance of the enemy- After hairing ceased ' our own ' firing, we heard none, from any other: quarter; so I sent sgmeofqufg^Jam fifljowsoflsljpre, who sat? th^t.th^ ^atterifS werq .fJ^trojje^, ?nd the enemy retired from them. • Not exactly knowingexaotly'wherethe enemymightbe I contented myselfwith the destruction of the batteries, instead ' of going into the town where I thought the enemy might be waiting to reialiate, and thus have brought down upon them farther punishment. 1 due say a good many of the foe were killed.' It is utterly impossible to count, because we bave nothing to guide us in our calculation, but it might be, 150 killed and 400 wounded. It is true it might be half the number—or it might not be ond quarter—but I think as there is no one to set us right if we are wrung, it would be as well to (nake it the number I have fixed upon. I have nodoubt the English will be gieaily humbled, if this affaie is worked in the Paris newspapers as it ought to ba. If I could bombard Tangier, why could I not do the same with Dover ? The only difference is one is in Morocco, and the other in Enghnd. I'm in a great hurry to go to Mogador, where I believe the enemy are not, for Bugeaud has gone to meet them somewhere else. I shall knock Mogador about as much as I can, without going too near, and I think a very good report to the Minister of Marine may be made up.— JOINVILLF. FORGERY ON THE BANK OF ENGLAND.— It seems that a clerk in one o! the Bank offices—not that in which the fraud was effected—asked leave the other day to be absent frop business for a few days. The time allowed him h£ employed in conducting the nefarious transaction. Hav'ng, by means of his situation, learned the name o f a stockholder, and the amount of stock held by him, he procured a confederate bold enough to feign to be the stockholder, and taking him lo the Transfer-office, iden- tified him to llie clerk at the transfer-book as the proper party. Il is the practice of the Bank to consider their own clerks as the most fit persons to identify a stranger, and, therefore, when the clerk at the book saw that the pretended stockholder was identified by a party belonging to the establishment, there was nothing tp create distrust in his mind, or to prevent the transfer from taking place; indeed, for some time prior to tbe transaction, the clerk who had contrived all had given notice that the stockholder, who, as he falsely said, was a friend of his, was about to make a sale. The broker who made the purchase attended in regular course, the sham stockholder signed the transfer, and the clerk, who identified him, witnessed the transaction. Had this cleik attended to his duties on the day when this fraud took place, lie would, probably, have been una|ile to absent himself from his own oflSce, and, therefore, the leave of absence was necessary to place him in a condition to carry on his scheme with perfect freedom. The pretended stockholder having received a cheque for llie stock sold, obtained Bank notes for it, and took them to the Bank of England to be cashed, de* manding the amount in sovereigns. VJnen he had got these (£8,000 in amoun?,, "he appeared to be surprised that he was uuable to iift the bag in which he had put (hem, though if he had been at all used to carry coin, he might have known that such a quantity of gold was by no means an easy load. He requested that one of the porters of the establishment might assist him iii carrying the b<jg to a vehicle outside, aud this being done, be departed with his plunder. ^ The bag contained two smaller bag*, and in each of these was an equal number of sovereigns. From this it is conjectured that the two confederate? intended to share their gains equally. It is most extraordinary that the affair wqs discovered before the time for paying the dividends. The mere accidental circumstance of the protracted absence of the clerk gave rise to an inquiry or two, in the course of which the transaction was mentioned, and led to the discovery. On comparison between the signature on former occasions, they we so totally unlike, that there was no doubt that forgery had been committed, which was afterwards positively ascertained by application to the real stockholder. A fraud so daring is, we believe, without example in the history of the Bank. Fotged powers of attorney have been comparatively common, but it was hardly supposed possible that a person could be found with nerve and assurance enough lo pretend in person to be a stockholder of so large a sum at such imminent risk of detection. Without collusion on the part of some person connected with the establishment who could supply the requisite information, il is thought it would have been absolutely impossible. As some erroneous statements have appeared in priut relative to this affair, it is as well to remark, that the.gentleman who is the real holder of the stock, and whose signature has been forged, is named Oxenford. The name of the clerk, who has absconded, is Burgess. No incense so blinds a wptnan as tjiat which burns for her alone. 