ENGLISH NEWS. GERMAN CATHOLIC GHURCII. Ix our issue of tlie 3rd instant we noticed the publication of a pam phlet Addressed by a Roman Catho lic Priest in Upper Silesia, named i John Ronue, to the lower orders of the Roman Clergy, calling on them to unite their exertions with him in the pulpit and in the confessional chair, against tlie ultra-montanists aatl the llishop of Rome, in order to found, by Council and synod, a National German Catholic Church, independent of Roman darkness. Wc now subjoin the lollowing ex tract, copied iroin the Silesian Gaznlte, and published in the Times of the 21st February last (from the Siltsiin Guiette.) Bheslau, Feb- 10. — The "follow ing is the confession of faith nd'ptcd by the followers of John Eoitgc : " 1. We throw off the allegiance of tlie Bishop of Rome and his whole establishment. ' 2. We maintain full liberty of conscience, and contemn every compulsion, falsehood, and hypo crisy. '3. The basis and the contents of the Christian belief are the Bible. _ ' 4. The free investigation' and interpretation is not to be re strained by external authority. ' 5. As the essential contents of our faith, we lay down the follow ing symbols : " 1 believe in God the Father, » iiv UiinVlLtlLLU 11iu n ul iu uj his omnipotent word, and who governs it in wisdom, justice, and love. "1 believe in Jesus Christ our Saviour, who, by his doctrine, his life, and death, has saved us from bondage and sin. " I believe in tlie working of the Holy Ghost on earth, a holy universal Christian Church forgiveness of sin, and life everlasting. A met';" '0.— We recognise only two sa craments as instituted by Christ- Baptism and the Lord's Supper. '7. We uphold infant Uaptisni, nnd receive, by solemn net of (.'onGrmiition, us self" acting mem bers of the congregation, those persons who are sufficiently in- fclrueted in the doctrines of faith. s, i lie i.ortl s supper will be distributed to the Congregation, as instituted by Chrizt, in both forms. Auricular Confession is rejected. '0. We recognise .Marriage its an institution ordained by God, and therefore to he kept holy by man : we maintain for it the sanction of the Church, and consider, with regard to the conditions and restric tions applying to it, the laws of the State alone as binding. ' 10. We believe and confess that Christ is the only mediator between God and man ; we reject therefore, the invocation of saints, the adora tion of relics and images, the remission of sins by the priest ami all pilgrimages. 'II. Wit helievp tf):it the so- called good works have only value ui so iar as they ure the emanation l Christian sentiments ; we reject, therefore, all commands of fasting. ' 12. We believe and confess that it is the first duty of the Christian to manifest his iuith by wurks of Christian love.'' 1 he commotion which this new doctrine has produced in Germany and Poland is on the increase. Rongc has already been burned in effigy, with as many copies of his htanil'estoes as could he collected, by fanatical peasants in the vicinity of Gobleutz. Maxisms of Bishop Middleton. — Perievcrunce against discoutageinents. Keep your temper. Employ your lei sure in sittily, anil always have tome votkiii hand, Ik- punctual and metho dical in business, ami never procrasti nate. Never be in a Itutry. Preserve Sch-poisession, and do not be talked out of a conviction. Rite early, and be an economiit of lime. The late Murder at Saltkill. — .Tlie parochial officers ol Farnham Royal, in which parish Sarah Hart rtiot with her untimely death, having been bound over by Jnliii Cliarsley, Esq , the coroner, to piosecuteTawell at the ensuing assises (or the county of Bucks, they have re tained the services of Mr. Sergeant Byles, and Mr. Prendergast on the part ol the crown. Mr. Long, solicitor, ol Windsor, lias been engaged by the pa rochial authorities ol Fanihnm, to con duct the prosecution. The trial is expected to commence on Wednesday, the 1 1 tit i of March ; but from the num ber ol witnesses to be examined, both for the crown and the nrismwr itm n-i.ii ;» expected to last until a late period on the following day. There will be nearly twenty witnesses examined for the prosecution. The Mew Guano Island.'— A few days ago an announcement was made, but not officially, that a new guano island had been discovered near Saldanha Bay, an event of sonte importance, seeing that Ichaboe is nearly exhausted. A notice has been received ut the Underwriters' Association from the Colonial-office; Cape Town, dated November 5. con- firming the statement which had gone abroad. This notice stales that it having been recently ascertained that the island of Mulagar, situate at the entrance of Saldanha Bay, within the Cape territory, contained guano of a good quality, the governor directed a survey of it to be made by an officer in the surveyor- ge neral s department, from whose report it uppeais that the guano is deposited in the centre ol the island, and covers a surface (nearly circular) of about eight acres' The guami, which is in a flattened conical lorm, rises near the coast about four yards high above low-water mark, and giadtially increases to a thickness at the top ol the height or cen;:e of the cone of seven or eight yards. Then follow the terms upon which the guano may be removed, which it is unnecessary to state here ; one of them is a payment of £ 1 per register ton of the vessel to the government survegor for d license. — Liverpool Mail. The Governor-General of the Ca nada s. — We have great pleasure in being able to state that lite latest account of the state of Lord Metcalfe's health pre sents a marked improvement, as com puted with the discountgingsiiitemenis which have latterly rencltetl England. The letter to which we allude is written by a gentleman whose official position brings him into daily communication with Lord Metcalfe. The painful affection of his Excellency's face is belter; atql the intense agony with which it was at tended lias latter ly been considerably mitigated. It is true that the sight of the right eye is irrecoverably gone, but that'of the left, for which the most se rious apprehension had been euteitained, is now thought to lie out of danger. The general health of the distinguished, suf ferer is good, and he has announced to' those honoied with his confidence, that it is It is fixed determination to remain at his pus"; This, of course, puts an end to all the recent speculations as to Sir Hemy Pottinger being bis lordship's des tined successor. The Radicals ol the colony are sadly discomfited nt the pros pect ol the continued rule of that master mind which has already so wonderfully abated their pride and confounded their devices: nor are they likely to derive much consolation horn recent occurrences in the Uolomul t'.iiliament. 1 lie petition against ihe return of the Conservative members fur Montreal lias been thrown out by a majority of thirty-seven to ilnrty-five. It will be in the recollectiou of our readers that the election lor the city in question was one of the Canadian grievances recently brought under the notice ol the Imperial Parliament by Mr. Rueliuck. It is expected that this de feat ol the factious attempt to unseal two st o u itch supporters of the administration will be followed up by the expulsion of two, or perhaps three, of the democratic party who are believed to be illegally re turned. The majoiity of the Government in the Lower House of the Colonial Par liament is at present eight, with every probability ol an increase; but even the present pruputiious afford a lair working preponderance. — Britannia. 