QUARTERLY LICENSING MEETING. Monday, November 3, PRESENT-WV. H. Breton, Esq., (chairman,) Major Wellnan, Capt. Neilley, Capt. Gardiner, W. G. Sams, Esq., J. H. Moore, Esq., J. It. Bateman, Esq., Capt. Stewart. TRANSFERS. From D. Judson to W. Kitson, Launceston Hotel. From G. Lukin to - Matthysens, Wharf House. NEW LICENSES GRANTED. Mr. Peck obtained a license for the house for- merly kept by Mr. Walsh at Evandale, and then known as the Prince of Wales. Mr. Walsh had transferred his license to another house in the township, and Mr. Peck changes the Prince of Wales to the Plough Inn. Mr. Adam Yates obtained a license for the Bird in Hand, George-street, some years since licensed as the Half Moon, and kept by Thomas Faro. Mr. Sams gave "a history of the house," from which it appeared that Faro proceeded rather hastily to Port Phillip, taking with him the license, and consequently a transfer could not be granted; the lease of the premises was sold for £100, and a license had since been refused. Mr. Knight begged permission to say a few words as pro- prietor of the property. The lease was sold for £200, and until it expired he had no authority to interfere: at the expiration of the lease he closed the house for three months, that it might lose its notorious character, and had now effected all ne- cessary repairs and procured a respectable tenant. Mr. Midgley stated that the house was in good order, but the stables were of rather an ordi- nary description. Mr. Knight guaranteed to erect new stables, if the license was granted. There were one or two dissentients, but the majority voted in its favour. Mr. S. Feutrill obtained a license for the Wheel- wright's Arms, the house formerly occupied by Mr. George Leech, as the Dover Castle. A license was granted to Mr. Walter Thompson, for the Carpenters' Arms, in Charles and Canning streets. LICENSES REFUSED. An application from Mr. Young for the Spread Eagle, formerly kept by Mr. Huxley as the King's Head, was withdrawn. Mr. Powell Courtier applied for a license to his " eating ho~use." Mr. Rocher appeared for the applicant, and rested entirely upon the argu ment that the house afforded accommodation to a enrtain cleas, who were not provided for Cu the other public-houses. His client had kept an eat ing house for a considerable itme, and lie believed no. complaint had been preferred against him. Major WVellman and Captain Gardiner immedi ately contradicted this statement, and the former characterised the house by an expression which conmmon decency prevents us from publishing, and should have prevented a magistrate from uttering. Perceiving the effect of the observa tion in the disgust evinced by some of thle justices, Major Wellmana said he knew of no more delicate term by which to express his meaning. Mr. Rocier sat down with the observation, that lie knewvnothing of the house himself, but perhaps the gentleman spoke from personal experience. Captain Gardiner was convinced no magistrate at the table would sanction such an application : it wouli be an insult to every publiean in town. He should object to it both on account of the pre mises and the character of the applicant. The man had the assurance a day or two ago to come tip to him (the speaker) in the public street, in a state of intoxication, and ask for his vote. He should oppose it for that reason, even if Ito had no other. The opinions of the magistrates were then takent: " Most certainly not," was the reply front every one but the major, who closed the poll with an emphatic "Most undoulb(iful not 1 " Mr. Beck applied for a license to the house opposite the Green Gate, but it was refused, on account of the premises. The suretieswereentered into in the usual form. AUsTraAIAN CLAIMs.-The Sydtue oerahd urging the fairness of the Mother Country defray. ing a portion of the expense of immigration by which site is relieved of her surplus population says "tour Immigration Committee have demon strated, from official data, that as importers of British merchandise relatively to population, neither Russia, nor Prtssia, nor France, nor the United States of America, can stand a moment's comparisons with this colony. And they have shown that even the favoured dependencies of Canada and the Cape of Good Hope fall immea surably short of the Australian standard. Taking the mean annual amount of our imports for the last five years, they have proved that the value of our imports from Great Britain, in proportion to the Cape, is as 30 to 12, and in proportion to Canada, as 30 to 7. In other words, whilst each member of the Canadian community consumes of British goods thirty- fire shillings' worth per annum, and each member of the Cape community sixty- two shillings' worth, each member of the New SouthWalescommunityconsumesAHouNDREsn AND FIFTY shillings' worth I" CotONER'S INQUEST.-Tie extraordinary amount of common sense, legal knowlege, and medical acumen, recently displayed by the Laun ceston Coroner, Captain Gardiner, in holding an inquest upon a still-born fretus, is not altogether unparalleled. About fifteen years ago, in an inquest upon a woman whose offspring perished before birth, a non-medical coroner at Batupton, (England), swore all the witnesses to give trte evidence "touching the deaths of Frances Clark, and her infant child l" A piece of blundering sttpidity, which did not escape the argus~eyes of The Lancet.-Conmmunicated. TuE JETTY.-This publie work is resumed by the trustees of Mr. Scott's estate, and Is being proceeded with under the superintendence of tihe contractor. The whole of the creditors with orie or two trifling exceptions have signed the deed of asigntment, by virtue of whice they have un dertaken to complete the jetty, and to receive the amount of the contract. The sum of £500 lately voted by the council for an addition to the jetty will require new specifications and now tenders to be offered for the work; and we do I sincerely hope sone one connected with the dis Striet will take the trouble to tender, and that the government will not give the work to any one who, between sinking and swimming, msay make I a grasp at the job in the hope of keeping ilt head above water fore little longer.-Porlartd Gatrdian; SUDDEN DEATH.-An inquest was held at the Launceston Hotel, on Tuesday, upon the body of JohnuGoodacre, a passholder, In the employ-of Mr. Price, Brisbane- street. From the evidence it appeared, -that about half-past eight, the de ceased was well, and in full possession of all his faculties. An hour or more afterwards he was dis covered sitting upon a barrow in a stooping posi tion, Insensible. Dr. Ward was'immediately sent for; but when he arrived, found deceased had expired. uUpon a post mootem examination, the doctor discovered that death was occasioned by the rupture of a blood vessel on the posterior part of the brain, and a verdict was returned of "died by the visitation of.God." 'Captain Gardiner enquired from Price, whether his means would enable'him to bury the deceased, and receiving a reply in the negative, undertook to perform the ceremony at the expense of the crown. He added, that had Price been in circumstances to: have afforded the expense, it wnuld have fallen upon him, as the.passalolder washis hired servant. ROBBERY.-A daring -robbery was committed on Saturday night, between eight and nine o'clock,i on the premises of Mr. Mitchell, known as the; Tasmanian Inn. The back windows are easily reached from the outside, and by one of these the thieves gained access-into a bed-room, from which every article of apparel was removed:The drawers were broken open, and all the contents taken away, an employment which must have occupied some considerable time. The value of the pro. perty Is upwards of thirty pounds. LnaosLATava CoUNcL..-We direct attention to the extract published in another page respect ing the constitution of the present legislative council. The act from which the extract Is taken is familiarly known as that of Mr. Huskisson. \- oaNEssIoN oF MURDRa.-Some sixteen years ago, a~murder was perpetrated on the Cataract .Hill, the circumstances of which may be remem bered by old residents. A man died a few days .since, who is said to have confessed the crime upon his death bed, but as others still living are implicated, pledges of strict secrecy were first exacted. -EVIDENCs.-There were in gaol,-on 30th Oct., fully committed for trial, forty- two persons. Of dhis number there is only one who has not -received a previous sentence of transportation. There are .twenty-one of the'Westbury probationers in gaol, under charge of felony and putting in fear. Tan GAOL.-On.the.i0th October, there were in gaol, under examination, I; fully committed, ,42; under sentence, 14.; debtors, 0; crown fines, 2; solitary,l; hard labour, 1; not sentenced, 2.; total, 69. WooL.-The Essington will proceed to. Port Fairy and thenad to Sydney, with from twelve to 'fourteen hbndred bales of wool, this seasosi's clip. Tile flodkmasters are induced to ship their wool vii Sydney under the impression that it will rank higher in the 'English market in consequence. THE WESTTAMAR MYSTERY.--Another party -of constables has been on duty at Mr. Plummer's since-our last notice. Mlr. Davis and Mr. Midgley, -have also been exerting themselves to discover the mysterious letter-writer; and although as yet unsuccessful, they seem to agree in fixing upon the same agent as the cause of all.the annoyance. Lot the motive that could prompt any sane per son to-such proceedings, isnow the greatest mys tery. The comparatively harmless annoyance of dropping lettees and throwing stones, has been succeeded by by an attempt to destroy the pro mises by setting fire to a quantity of straw, which, toithe astonishment of the household, burst into -a sudden blaze whilst they were all on the watch, and a moment afterwards a letter was picked up, the Ink of which was scarcely dry; and yet nobody was seen. Such" stubborn facts excited Mr. Davis' suspicions, who, being "a detector" by profession, applied his art to discover the ",ghost." By well-directed and constant watch. lng of~partles belonging to the establishment, ac companied by distant hints of prosecution, the ,preternatural being was guleted, and-for two days and nights did not lnterrupt the rqpose of the fa mily. Here, for the present, the revelation stops. Mearsn.-The annual muster of ticket-of-leave -mann commenced on Monday, and is still pro ceeding. The men deserve that their conduct should be recorded, for the quiet-manner in which they have behaved themselves is -unexampled. Notwithstanding the numbers who mustered, we .believe upwards of eight hundred, the public streets have not, as usual upon such occasions, been the -scenes of riot and intoxication, CoALS.-A superior lot ex Lucy Ann, were sold by Mr. C. J. Weedon, at from 23s. to 25s. per ton. ,CORNWALLINSURANC C iAxaANY.-Theannual meeting of this company will be held at theiroffice on Friday ssext, at 12 4loc noon. BETIr*L.-The Government have granted a piece of ground at the-back of the guaging ware house, on the wharf, as .a.locality-for a Bethel Chapel. The Committee solicit the contributions of the public to aid them in the erection of the building. ACCIDENT.-A child was severely burnt a few days since, on the wharf. Whilst playing near a pot of boiling pitch his clothes caught fire, and before assistance could be rendered, he was en veloped in diames. Fortunately, however, the prudence of the person to whom the little boy ran for assistance, averted consequences that might otherwise have been fatal. BONDED WAREnoUsE*RESPER.-Mr. Synnott is about to be superseded by a gentleman con nected with the customs at Hobart Town, who has-received the appointment from home. FRENCH IN TrE Sourra SvAs.-From letters just received from Rarotongs, the principal island in the Harvey Group, Sousth Paeifie, we learn that a Roman Catholic teacher has been sent there, who intimates that men of war will follow unless French priests are received as their Instructors. 