l.iri; AND ADVENTUUKS Olr MARTIN C11UZZLCT1T. II Y C. D1CKEHE, ESQ. tOmtinmrd Inm -mr W) ' BIpsb my life I' said Mr. Pecksniff, looking n]\ mitl jrniilunlly exrlimi^in^ ltis abstracted tint* fur one of joyful recognition. ' Here iilrrauyl Mnrlin, my desrb.iy, I nm delighted to wi'Ipoiiip you to my poor Iioubh !' Vihh tills kind iricclini;, Mr. Pecksniff fairlv look liim to his arms, and nailed him tn-ml ihws upon the brick with his riglil bund lire nhile, ns if to esprms thai liis !oc\ injrs during the omhracc were tno much for .l.iiiKblMs, Marlin : 'iliv two uiifv children, « hom (if ynu ever saw them) vou Haw not be held— nb, these sail family ifivisiunsl— since you were infants tozelbcr. Nay, my doors, why blush nt beinir.'uetrete.l in yourcverj iln.v pursuits ! We luui pn-paml to five yon the reception of a visitor, Mnrtin, in our little mom of state,' said Mr, I'eelisnifF, smiling, '? Imt I like Ibis belter-1 like lliis belter 1' Oil blessed star of Innocence, wherever you may be, bow did you (rlitter in your home of rtliir, when I lie two Miss 1'ecksniffs put forth, well her lily hand, anil enve tbu some, with mantling cheeks, to Martini How did vuu t« inkle, as if fluttering with sympathy, when Mercy reminded of the bonnet in tier hair, hiil tier fair face anil turned lift lictid aside : the while her irentlc sister plucked it out, and smote her, n-iili a sister's soft ri'nruof. upon her buxom shoulder I 'Am\ liou-,' sniJ Mr. Pecksniff, turning round alter the coulemulnliim of these |i:issngcs ana (tilting Mr. Pinch in it fncndlv manner by the elbow, 'how has our friend 'here used -...., Mimiut' ' Very well inileed, sir. We ore on the best 'Old Toui't'iiicli!' said Mr. l'ecksniff, I. Miking on him wilh affectionate sadness. ' Ah I ' It Beeins but yesterday that Thomas Ytt vconlwvc passed, 1 think, since ThonKU Pinch and 1 first walked lhn wurbl l.iL-rtllerP Mr. J'iiicli could sa. nulhhif. lit-' uus too much niovcil. Hut he pressed his muster's liHti.l, an,l l,i,.,l to (bank liirn. ' And Thomas Pinch and I,'Baiii Pecksniff, in a dee|ier voice, ' will walk it vet, in mutual faithfulness and friendship I Ami if it conn* to pass that either of us be run over, in any of those busy crossings which diviilc llie streets of life, the other will convey him to (lie hospi tal in Hope, and sit beside his beil in Uounty ' ' Well, well, well I' he added in a happier tone, as he shook Mr. Pinch's elbw, hard. ' No more of this 1 Martin, my dear friend, that yuu may he nt Lome ititliin these walls, let me show vou bow we live, and where. With that he look up a lighted candle, and, attended by his young relative, prepared to leave the room. At the door, he stopped. 11 You'll bear us company, Tun) Pinch?' Ay, cheerfully, though it had been U Jealh, would Turn have followed him : flail to lay down liis lite for sucli & man. 'This.' said Mr. Pecksniff, oneiiinir the door of an opposite iiarloor, ' is the liltJe room of state, 1 mentioned to you. Mv girls have pride in il, Martin I Til's,' owning another door, 'is the little chamber in which my works (sliyht things at best) Lave been con cocted. Portrait, of myself by Spiller. Bust by Spoker. The latter is considered a good likeness. 1 seem to recognise floinelliing about the left hand corner of the nose mi self.' Mai-tin thought it was verv like/but scarcely :L Icllectua! enough. Mr. Pecksniff observed ,j, a the same fault bad been found with it be 1, r, -. It was remarkable it should have struck bct vounir relatiojj too. He wits glad to see be h «d an eye for art. ? ^ ~ Various books you observe/' said Pecksniff*, wat:n - h's hand towards the wall, 'connected with o nr pursuit. I have scribbled ruvself, but luive a ot yet published. Be careful Iioiv you cotue ~-U ' stairs. This' opening Aiiutber door, ' is tv rtlmmher. I rend here when the family' uljiosc 1 have retired to rest. Some tinips.1 ii ji'Je mv hc;iltli, lather more than I on tmi'.i- insliiv In mvself, Iiy doing m; but .art isJUci-' Mid ?lime U short, l-.very facility vuu *fifl '.or iottiug donu crude notions, even r „ c These-1-3t w.lrds were explained bybispoint . ing to a. cauill round table on which »'i*re a lamp, diver* fihriMs of paper, a piece of India rubber, and a c:ise of instruments : all put readv, in, case an arebitectunil idea should conic into ji'r. Pc^ksuitf's bead in the uiglit; in which wf.it he would instantly leap out of bed, aud lii i. for ever. Mr. Pwjkar-ff opened another door on the same fluor.-iiud shut 31 again, all at once, as if il wen a JJlue Chamber. ])ut before he had well done so, l.e looked smilingly round, aud aoid ' VI liy nol '' Martin toiJd^'l Bay why not, because he didn't know anyOliiii; at alf about it. So Mr. Pecksniff answered himself, by throwing open the door, aud saying : ' My daughtorc' room. A poor fii'6t-fioor to us, but a bower Jto them. Very neat. Very uirv. Plants you observe; hyacinths; books again; birds.' TJiese birds, by the bye, com (iriscd in all one staggering old sparrow with nut a Uiil, winch ltid been borrowed exjiressly from ilie kitfben. 'Sucb trifles as girls love, are here. Nothing more. Those who seek ''viS'uKiiiea'llieiii to the floor above. ' 'This,' end Mr. Pecksniff, throwing wide the door of the memorable two-pair front ; ' is a room where some ialenl bus been developed, 1 believe. This- is a room in whicb an idea for a steeple occurred to me, that I may one day pivc to the world. Wo work here, my dear Martin. Some arctiilerts have been bred in this room :-a few, 1 think, Mr. Piuch I' Tom fully assented ;. and, what is more, fully Jtf-bVued it. ??You see,' said Mr. .Pecksniff, passing the «in-lle nnidlr frum roll to rjll «f |-H|)er, 'a f.'tv traces of our doings here. Salisbury Cathedral from the nortli. From the south. From Ihc east. Frum the west. From the south-east. From the nor'-west. A brijge. An alms-house. A gaol. A church. A wine rellar. A powder-magazine. A jiorlico. A tious, sections, every kind of thin?. And this,' he added, having »by this time reached another lurge chamber on the same story with four small beds in Ot, ' Iliis is your room, of which Mr. Pinch here is the quiet sliarer. A fine southern RGtMTCtj a charming prospect; Mr. Pinch's little library, you perceive ; everything Agreeable nod appropriate. If there is any iiere ot any time, pray menliuu il Even to strangers — far lesB to .you, my dear Martin there i'b no restriction on that point.' It was undoubtedly true, and mav be stated in corroboralion of Mr. Pecksniff, that any jiupil had the .most liberal permission to men tion any thing in Uub way Uwt suggeBted itself to his fancy. Some young gentlemen bad gone on mentioning the very same thing for iive ,venrs without ever being stopped. 'The domestic assistants.' said Pecksniff, ' sleep above ; and that is all.' After which, and listening comnbceully as lie ivcnt, to the encomiums passed by his young frienJ on the arrangements generally, he led the way to the jiarlour agatiii Here a great change Iioil taken phicc; Fur festive preparations on a ruther extensive scale uure already completed, and the two Miss Pecksniffs were awaiting their return wilh hospitable looks. There were two bottles of cumuil— nliiln and red ; a dish of sandwiches (very long and very slim); another of apples ; another ot captains' biscuits (wlncb are always a moist uud jovial sort of vianii) ; a plate of oranges cut up small, and gritiy with pow dered sugar, and a highly geological bome jjinde cake. The magnitude of these prepara tions quite took nway Tom Pinch's breath; for though the new pupils were usually let down softly, us one may say, particularly in the wine cleptiituient, which luui so innity stages of de clension, that sometimes n young gfnllemun was » whole flmiiigln in getting to the pump; still this was a banquet: a sort of Lord Mayor's feast in private life : a something to think of, aud bold on by, afterwards. To Ibis entertainment, which, npnrt from its own intrinsic merits, bad the additional choice qunlily Hint it was in strict keeping with the night, being both light and cool, Mr. Pecksniff besought the company to do full justice. ' Martin,'be said,' will seatbimself between you two, my dears, and II r. Pincli will come by me. Let us drink to our new inmate, and niav we be happy together I Marlin, my dear friend, my love to you I Mr. Pinch, if you spare the bottle we shall quarrel.' And Irving (in his recard for the feelings of the rest) 'to look as if the wine were not acid and didn't mnke him wink, Mr. Pecksniff did honour to bis own toast. ' 1 liis,' bfi said, in alluding to the parly, not the wine, ' is a mingliug that repays one for much disappointment and vexotion'. J.et us be merry.' Here be took a cnploin's biscuit. '' It is a poor heart that never rejoices; and our hearts are not pnorT No !'* Wit li such stimulants to merriment did lie beiruile the time, and dc the honours of the table; while Mr. Pincli, perhaps to assure himself that what he saw and beard was holi day reality, and not a chr.rming dream, ate of everything, and in particular disposed of the slim'sandwiches to a surprising extent. Nor was he stinted in bis draughts of wine ; but on the contrarv, remembering Mr. Pecksnifl's siiei-ch, attacked the bottle with such vigour, ihat every time he filled his glasB anew, Miss Charity, despite her amiable resolves, could not suppress a fixed and stony glare, as if her eyes had rested on a ghost. Air. Pecksniff also became thoughtful at those moments, uoL to say dejected : but, as lie knew the vintage, it is very likely he may have been speculating on the probable condition of Mr. Pinch upon the morrow, and discussing within himself the best reuiedies for colic. Marlin and the young lollies were excellent friends already, and compared recollections of their childish days, to their mutu.il liveliness and entertainment. Miss Mercyr laughed im mensely at everything tlmt was said ; and, sometimes, nftcr glancing at the happy face of Mr. Piuch, was seized with such fits of mirth as brought her to the very confines of hysterics. Hut for these burstsof gaiety, her sister, in her angry whisper, that it was lar from being a theme fur jest ; and that she had no patience with the creature ; though it generally ended in her laughing too — but much more mode rntolv ? nnit cnvintr. tlmt imlnnil it. U7.ir n litt.ln too ridiculous and intolerable to be serious about. At length it became high time to remember the first clause of that great discovery made by the ancient philosopher, for securing health, riches, aud wisdom ; the infallibility of which has been for generations verified by the enor mous fortunes constantly amassed by chimney sweepers and other persons who get up early and go to bed betimes. The young ladies ac cordingly rose, and having taken leave of Mr. Chuzzlewit with much sweetness, and of their father with much duty, and of Mr. Pinch with much condescension, retired to their boper. M r. Pecksniff insisted on accompanying liis young friend up-stairs, fur the personal super by the arm, conducted him once more to his bedroom, followed by Mr. Pinch, who bore the light. ' Mr. Pinch,' said Pecksniff, seating himself with folded arms on one of the epare beds. ' I don't see any snuffers in tbat. candlestick. Will you oblige me by going down, aud asking for a pair?' M r. Pinch, only too happy to be useful, went off directly. 'You will excuse Thomas Pinch's want of polish, Martin,' said Mr. Pecksniff, with a smile of patronage and pity, as soon as he bad left die room. ' He means well.' ' He is a very good fellow, sir.' 'Oh, yes,' said Mr. Peeksniff, 'Yes Thomas Pinch means well. He is very grate iui. i nave never regreiiea uaving ueinenaea ' 1 should think you never would, sir.' 'No,' said Mr. Pecksniff. 'No. I hope not. Pour fellow, he is always disposed to do his best ; bin be is not gifted. You will make him useful to you, Martin, if you please. If Thomas has a fault, it U that lie is sometimes a little too apt to forget bis position. But tbat is soon checked. Worthy soul 1 You will fiud him easy to manage. Good night 1' 'Good night, sir.' l)y this time Mr. Pinch hod returned with the snuffers. ' And good night to you, Mr. Pinch,' said Pecksniff. 'And sound sleep to you both. Blmyr.ii! Bless you I' Invoking this benediction on Uie heads of his young friends with great fervour, he with drew tu his own room ; while they, being tired, scum fell asleep. If Martin dreamed at all, some clue to the matter of his visions may possibly be gathered from the after-pages of this history. Those of Thomas Piuch were all of holidays, church organs, and seraphic Pecksniffs. It was some time before Mr. Pecksniff dreamed at all, or even sought his pilkm-, as be sat for full two hours before the fire in his own chamber, looking at the coals and thinking deeply. Uut be, too, slept and dreamed at last. Thus in the quiet hours of the night, one house shuts in as many inco herent aud incongruous faocieB as a madman's bead. 