ESNGLAND. F~tie EiiritGATIroN To SouTn Aits- v rIALIA.'-The colonial land and Emigra tion Commissioners have chartered.a n vessel to convey g90 emigraiits to South f Australia, and have amended their ha: is proposal, so that they offer an absolutely a free passage to that number. The a classes to which this boon is to be con- a fined in the meantime are agricultural v I&bourers;, shepherds, miners, and single n 4omet--.these last going out under :i proper protectioni As the vessel is c advertised to sail on the 2Sth instant., the Commissioners ha.re shown a com. mendable promptitiide in this matter; and, as she is to call at Plymouth to embark passengers, it appear they in tend giving a preferepce to the Inhabit- 1 ants of Devonshire and Corniall. This is well, Many valuable emigrants went from these counties in the early periods - ol the history of the colony, and.have , succeeded very iell, The prospect which emigration presents to these poor labourers is of the most pleasing and promising kind-they are certain of im- - mediate employment, of good wage-, r and of very cheap provisions.-Colonial- c Gai·tte. Thorwaldsen's statue of Byron, exclu ded from the sacred precincts of West- r minster, is about to be erected in the r cemetery of Kensal-green.- Literary t Gauitte. M. Scribe, the celebrated French play- t wright, id said to have netted £80,000 sterlings by his writings. The wife of a gentleniman of fortune, I named Tyrwhit. was committed at the Marlborough.street Police.oltice London, last week, for stealing a microscope, value 2s Gd, from a stand in the Soho I Bazar. She just before paid £9 for a grey parrot ! Nineteen inidividuals-ten of whom are residents in Glasgow-have subscribed towards the building of the projected college, in connexion with the Free church, the magnificent sum of 19,0001 By a recent decree of the Miexican Government, foreign vessels are not' allowed to enter any Mexican ports ex cept Vera Cruo, Tampico, Camipeachy, and Acapulco. The Bucks Eerald, which is the Duke of BtFckiugham's organ, describes the agricultural peasant of thle present day as being nothing more tlian "?a miserable sERF, wito looks up to Young England for GIIArIsTAIILE CONESCENSIONN g to pre serves for rooD, to the Tom and Jerry shops for DINKi, to the bluiing wheat ricks for warmth, and to the hu ks for a SUPPOI'rT DURItNG LIFE!" Two brothers, named Rossiter, fought a pitched battle at Road, Somerset, on Tuesday se'nnight. Thie elder of the two received a blow which killed him on the spot. The Scotch paper manufacturers held a meeting last week at Edinburgh to memorialize the Lords of the Treasury on thie needless vexations and losses suf fered by the excise regulations, A. Rutherford, Esq., M. i'., was elec ted Lord Rector of Glasgow University, on Friday last, by a majority of 9s, the votes being--litutherford 277, Lord Eg lingron 185. According to the last census, the psopulanion of Bohemia amounts to 4 467,120 souls, The Queen has conferred the Garter vacant by the late Duke of Graftoo on the Earl of Powis. Sta RIoBEaT PEEL AND THE1 SOnAOGEseN.--The Dubhln VWarder, t the organ of the Irish Orangemen, has utterly discarded Sir RIobt. Prel, In Sa fierce article on the provincial college a for the admission of all creeds, sup v posed to be on the tapis, the Orange I scribe efclaim',,-' The sword isdrawn, a and the scabbard thrown away, between e Sir Robert Peel and the Irish lro'. e testant Churchb aned the Protestant \- people of.Ireland. One or other mast *be put down." This isawful; but, if s it be true that ' cheating never pros pers," as the children say, it is quite a obvious who aiust go to the Wall, sine the warder denounces Peel ias ", traitor Premier." The young surgeon about to marry Miss Burdett,Coutts, is a Mr. Brown, of the house of Tapper and Bro?rn, Burln? ton-street. He is to take the name of Coutits I sow corn : portridges eat it; atsd if i I ittempt to deleid it agnaiist the par Irid~es, I am ftned or sent to gaol-all this lor fear of great men, who is above sowing corn should b" in want of par tridges.-Bentham's Truth to Ashlurst. In the Irish Rolls Court, yesterday. week, the master decided that a legacy ti be expended in mases for the repose of the soul of the testator, is not void as a bequest for superstitious uses. It is rumotred that the Lord Lieu'a tenancy of Ireland has been offered to the Earl of Powis. At the desire of Lord Stanley, thi Combined CoUrt oF Demerara ihad agreed to raise a sum of £75 000, for the pur-. pose of procuring the iniportation of 5?000 Conlies. The Presse mention a report that the King of Piussia is about to emiancipate the Jews,. Towards the end of September serious outrages were committed by the military and police of Madeira on the persons and prop.rty of natives who had embraced the Protestant religion. Mr O'Connefl's prdmised renewal of the '" simple Repeal" agitation seems to have been on the whole rather a lame affair. It came off last Wednesday at Limerick ; and, both in the tones of the great Conjurer himself,, and in the display of his " following," there ap pears a very lamentable difference be tween the new thing and the old.. A very mild ikeness of the monster Agii tator of Clontarf is to be found in the mon'ter "' Martyr" of the Richmond Penitentiary. The threatened revival is, at least as yet, but thIe very ghost of its former self; The most spirited, and indied the only spirited, thing about'th. revival is the cool impudenct with which all allution, <ir everi so much ,as a hint, at the "-Federalist" weak -ness is absolutely tabooed. Not a word or -a syllable abrout the mitter is to be found all through either of Mlr O'Connell's orations. Neither to the lpeople nor to the initialed-to the mob or to the dinner party-does he breathe so much as an allusinn to It. The whole affair goes off just as if Federalisril had never been dreamed ot-as if no Derrynane manifesto had firt burked repeal, and taken up the ,'I monster crotchet" in its place-as if Mmr DJffy had riot rebelled, nor Mr O'Connell coaxed, nor Mi Porter raved, nor Mr Crawfird irindicated, nor the whole boiy'of Repealers finally turned restiff on Mr O'Connell's hands, and compelled him to own his inability toi palm offlupon them, anry mod:fi- atiori of their madness, and thus nit length toI renounce his half-antd half " doctri naire".ism, arid coie out again with the ra'al thing" like a uman. THr Co?tItN LWS ooNG AND LEIYA?E Con?t?N.-'l'he Mlarquis of Londonderry, though not exactly qualifi d to compete with Slomon in wisdom, has nviro the less a character foi sterling honesty, and he is one of the best landlords in Ireland. His Lordship has spoken wisely for onc, un the subject of the corn- liws,a and most liberally on that of leases. On Monday se'night his Lordship entertained a number of his tenants to dinner at Mountserrat. In the course of his speechi allpaing to the corn laws, he said : '"He did not understand how any Minister who thought right to introduce into hii policy free trade at aill --he did not know how that Minister could maki corn sd exception. (tiear, and cheers.) He imn plored them to cdnsider that that might be the case; and in order to prepare for such a change, he implored them to go on cultivating the soil on which their, existence depended.- (HIear; hear, hear.) They had seen, during the last twenty years, many ciiainges-the?r had seen the &linister;, by the force of circumstances, by the pressure from withouti obliged to follow oit a course of policy which was contrary to his m nind to pursue; and having seen that, he cotild not sit downr, Without iaspros t sing them' With the tact, that si'nilar Sthings niight take place with regard to the Cord Lasts. Lie wished them to Sbear in mind, that when every thing else was free, they could not expect that corn Salone would he an exception; He haid a right to warn them. as he was doing, that those ex6rtion%, vihichi had already \- been approved of, should not be relaxed. b'ut 'hat they should the rather increase them, in order to be prepareil for any event that miglit occur." On the sub, e ject of the tenantry his Lord.hip de. clared that he had always considered the interests of.tenant and landlord close e ly nitted; he considered tliq tenant.: a right, by which the tenant held his far-'" the same as thiat by vlhiich he (Lorid r Londonderry) held possession of his' n house:" and he proceeded to say, thac he would grant leases to all good teuante i at a fair valuation." A, ALiG'ED' Nr(w GuArNo Dr,-ostr.-- Is We observedl a statement in the papers n of liat week, that '" Labrador Gu'ano. e said to be eqral to Africa, iq now im . ported into British Ameridca.'' [t will e be seen on reference to Mtr Payne'~c rs, ' New Chart of tbe World, exhibiting i thie certain and probable granor isl'a:nids .and coasts,' that the rocks lyirng it bretween Newfound landr and'the main st land of British North American are thre if resort! of ', millions of birds." \Vt a- learn,; from' le account of voyages 'j L the aroeic regioins, that fowls, .whilnii re lve prindip?l'ly o:al the product.ofl tle sea, haie found on certain rocks and promontorles in countless numbers, and that seats resort abuudantly to the same bocatities. We have read somewhere, that parties who go for cargoes of thel eggs of these birds land, in the first ijtstance, on tIhe rocks. and throw all the. egg~"Q'hich they cat find, or to which they "uin access, into the sea, treating them all as ol bad quality. Then they withdtlraw fromnt the spot for three days. On their teturn they gather a sullicient number of eggs, with the lull assiurance that they are Iresh, to load a ship, We mpention this to eive some idea of the myriads of fowls which fre quent these desolate places.--Liverpool Albicmn. M?lxco.-We Ihav'e later advices 'from Mexico. An infdmous and hor rtbli outrage had been commnitted in the town of Tabasco on the person of 'a Fretclh mnbject. A French railor hadil been arrested by the alcalde of the town, and taken to prison. It is not sl'tid why or for what he was ar respd'; but when in prisot, he was a, ld if he was a Frenchman, and answered in the affirmative; lie was immeniltately ordered to receive 200 lashes, att'eided by music; after whichl "he was ordered to kiss the drummer's feet, and, on his refusal to do so, he was sentenced to receive 50 lashes mbre, and other indignities were com "nitted on his body too horrible to men tion; after which he was released, having betome a mtaniac througlh his "dreadful sufferings.. In consequence of this outrage the French consul had refised all inte'rcourse with the autho ritities, iattid had forwarded despatches to his Governtsent respectin'g the treat mert French ctltiene are subjected to in that departhtment of 1Mekico. A French, fleet wis daily expected to hrr ve . 