HY HOWLAND HILL, THE YOUNO ER. [Continued from our Inst.] SCENE-Thc company arriving ai Keepemdown Hcctory. Thc Milts Mililmays come an hour bc. fore dinner, and all thc young ladies walk on the lawn. Mr. Commissioner Saunders being forced to yo and try to settle a quarrel between a millo crat and his workmen, sends a reluctant apology. Thc company are introduced ¿o each other in the library. Having introduced Ais elder daughters and Mr. Frederick, Mr. Incubus takes Emily by her left hand, and says, " Mr. Archdeacon Dual, allow mc to introduce my youngest daughter, Miss Emily, a young heretic." Emily appears disconcerted, the Miss Mildmays look serious. Mr. Mildinay seems hurt, thc rest stare, the young /« cubusses titter. Mr. Archdeacon Dual, (Smiling) Why, Sir, i how nrc you acquainted with my ancestors ? Mr. Incubus. Oh, Sir, wc all know and love thc memory of Archbishop Laud, and you for his sate, Mr. s/rchdeacon Dual. I was not awnre that the inversion of the letters of my family's name was so generally known. But to let that pass. I was going to add, that our Reformers left open thc door of return to thc bosom of thc Church Catholic, by carefully maintaining thc doctrine of BAPTISMAL UF.GCNEIIATIUN, which is so clearly laid down in thc prayer book. And as thc seeds of all good for after years nrc sowed in the nursery, our Church has therein wisely ordnincd, Hint this blessed sacrament should be given to infants. I rejoice to think that this is a baptized nation, a christin» country, a holy land. It is so com- fortable ofter the sorrows of this mortal life, to anticipate in full hope of a joyful resurrection to life everlasting. Mr. G. Mildmay. May I nowbenllowcd to ask a question I was before wishful to put ? Are we to believe that infants are regenerated, merely because we know them to have been baptized ? Doctor SachcvercL It is written, "judge not'," -at least if you judge, let it be righteous judg- ment : thc judgment of faith, not of sense and sight. Certainly, if thc administrator himself bc in the true linc of Apostolic and Episcopal descent, every person, infant or adult, baptized by him is regenerated. Miss Mildmay. What, Doctor, without tlie child cither knowing it himself, or proving it to> others 1 Doctor Sacheverel. There is no occasion for cither thc child or you to know anything nt all about it. It is a matter of faith. Miss Mildmay. Then faith is requisite to thc Baptism ? Doctor Sachevercl. Certainly ; but not the faith of the Subject nt all, but of the Church, nml of those who thus graciously compel thc Infuiit to come into thc fold of Christ. Mr, I'. Mitdmay. Then we nre firmly to hclievc that as soon as the priest has baptized thc body with water, the soul is born again by thc Holy Ghost ? Doctor Sachcverel. Assuredly. The Church has decided this point most distinctly. It is a fumlumcntul and essential tenet. Without this, the Church of England could not exist,-nor could thc Roman Catholic stem, of which wc tire a reformed brniich, live a day longer. Mr. I'. Mitdmay. I do not clearly sec, Doctor, how thc Church could decide anything without the authority of thc Scripture. ?Sir James Gammon. (Contemptuously.) Oh, the Scripture ! That is just the very thing, Jlr. Archdeacon, which that sly mid restless dissenter, Doctor rollowtruth, said to mc,-" the Bible, and thc Bible alone, is the religion of Protestants." Mr. Frederick Incubus. Do you know, Sir, wc have a distant connexion of that Reverend fool in our village, a John Scarchall, and an impudent scoundrel he is. (Herc there was so much confusion from thc removal of thc cloth, and thc arranging of thc wines mid fruits, that the conversation was inter- rupted for some time.) Sir James Gammon. (Aside to Mr. Archdeacon J Wc must get these new-fangled notions weeded out of thc Mildniays. Mr. Archdeacon. Yes, but I doubt whether this is thc time for lt. Wc shall sec. (Soon after thc conversation wns renewed hy Mrs. Incubus, who suddenly called upon Doctor Sachcverel to re-commence the attack.) Mrs. incubus. Come, Doctor, we long to join you in your triumph. Mr. Mitdmay. Over mc, my dear Madam Î Mrs. Incubtis. (Rodding lo him.) Yes, Sir. (Casting nn arch look at Sir James Gammon, Mr. Archdeacon, and her Son.) Mr. Mitdmay, It will bc an easy triumph. I am totally unfit to engage in controversy with these Reverend Gentlemen,-who, besides, arc, I know, Giants in Literature and Theology. Miss Emily. Dear Sir, remember what David did to Goliath. (Doctor Sachevcrel looks rebukingly ot Jlr. Incubus :-Mrs. Incubus cries out, " Hold your tongue, Emily ;" Charlotte blushed; Mr. Frederick said, " there is a perfect dissenter-taught Süss" I Mr. Incubus said gravely, " Emily, a little more of your impertinence, and you shall leave the room." Emily looked ns if she must have done wrong, but did not know wherein.) Mr. G. Mildmay. Well, Doctor, I certainly should like to know how the Church can decide religious truth without the Bible ! Mr. Archdeacon. Mr. Incubus, have you the articles of our Church at hand ? Air. Incubus. I don't know ; Frederick, do you know ? Oh, they will be in thc large prayer book in thc Church. Ring. (To be Continued.) Printed and published by WILLIAM PRATT, (¡7, Elizabeth-strcet, Hobart Town, for thc Propri- etor, Jons FREDERICK HALLER, of Devonshire Terrace, Melville-street, and thc Old Wharf. Published also nt the " Observer" Office, Col- lins-street, where nil Advertisements and Com- munications are requested to be sent. 