LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. In last Tuesday's AUSTRALIAN, we noticed the receipt of English News at Hobart Town to the 8th March i'pen n Mount Stewart Elphinstone, which arrived in the Derwent on the 17th June. The papers, however, do not extend beyond the 5th March. The following are the only extracts we can find room for in this number: The rumour that a message from the Queen would be delivered to Parliament, asking the Legislature to authorise her to confer the title of King upon Prince Albert, has been set at rest by Sir Robert Peel; whoy in his place in Parliament, asserted that Her Majesty had no intention of commanding such a message, to he pref- pared. Sir John Franklin has been Gazetted to the command of the North Polar expedition. The Erebus, and Terror have been fitted with screw propellers for that service, and Commander Owen' Stanley reported sdconil in bbmtnaiidJ1;1' Her Majesty returned from Brighton on tho 21st: February, 'and held a Loveo. on the 6th of March at St. James*,.].- Another was to be held, on Wednesday the J2th. RETiuEb NavvXist'.— We have heard from a source generally well-informed; that it is the intention of Government to make a retired list for the Navy in all its grades — after each officer las reached his. 60th year. Her Majesty in Council has appointed Sir si. Montefibro (a Jew) to the office of High' Sheriff sC^'Kent. Mr. Sidney Herbert was re-elected M. P.- for South Wilts, on 20th February, without oppo- sition. The Hon. Henry Fitzroy has been re-elected For- tbwes without opposition. Several additions to tho naval accommodation' nf. Portsmouth;. are in progress towards vcom |jletipn. .Anew, steam basin, four new slips, and i mast arid paint-house, all of the largest size. , ' Devjmpo'rt dock-ytird is to be fortihedj -The works -will'consistiof heavy batteries for red hot shot, and cost :up wards of £18,000. A new test has been, proposed, for the uni- versity of Oxford, by which the candidate b)iiids himself to f dad' tho 39 Articles iii the sense in ; which he believes they were originally put forth, and are at tho time explained, to him. Earl Grey, who had boon for some, timo in a most precarious state of health ; is now fast recovering. A case of poisoning, from the administration of 'an ounce ofitartano acid, instead of tartrate; of soda, has led to a, recommendation that, in, Tuturo- druggists' bottles should bo. labplled^in English. ' By- a new regulation, tho boys are:tb'enter at Eton, if older than 14. This is a year younger than the former period of admission. ??. : -.i1 Tho amount of gold coin, and .bullion in the,; Issuo department of the Bank of England,' on tlie 10th January, amounted to iei2,493,444 ;' of silver 'bullion, £1,593,511. In tho -Banking de-i partment,Jof gold and silver con,'£7.14,566.' ,.On the 21st;pf February, notice.was .given by tho , Post ..Office authorities, ^hat.an additional p'bst'ageof 4'd.''per' half ounce', over tho present charge ? on letters,' and 2d. on every newspaper,1 will commence on the first of March. This charge will apply to all letters and newspapers to, and from Australia, Bourbon, Cape of Good Hppo^ Chiniij ' Hbnckohg, l Jay/i, Madagascar, Mauritius, New Zbalana,' Sumatra; 'arid Van Diemeri's Land. We have, however, reason to believe (says the Hobart Town, Abvertisbh,) that this increase of postage only. ( applies to letters-arid papers by -the overland mail. In1 Ireland things were ? tolerably quiet ; but Repeal; it was said, had not ''given up tlie ghost.' oO?Connell ihas: declared that .the now Secretary, Sir T. Freamantle, 'is a very nice man for a small tea-party. Despite the opposition of MrrShunk, the'new Governor of Pennsylvania^ tho ^ legislature of that place had, (to! its. credits bo ; it (recorded,) vottfd tho payment of the debt, so severely, so sarcastically, and so eloquently commented upon by the late Rev. Sydney Smithy 'JV tho number of the illustrious dead his:name'is how added—living only, it would seem, until he saw the Pennsylvanian repudiators.' moused. to a sense of honesty. Despatches were announced in the Times of March 1st, is having been sent off for the Governor of New South Wales. The Queen contemplated paying a visit to Ireland in July. 