REMINISCENCES Ol- A WEEK AT OXFORD. No. I. DY A VOYAGER,. "They'll go when they've got it," as Tom, the old huntsman ol' the East Essex fox- hounds once said, when his hitch pack were puzzled on a cold scent, and he wished to mitigate the impatience of a nobby sub- scriber. "They'll go when they've got it!" And I can apply the observation as most true and apt to my own thoughts and pen: " They'll go when they've got it"-that is, a beginning. , There is no jibbing when you're in it, But how the d-1 to begin it ; Ah! " there's the rub,"-always has been, and is so now ; and after " taking a cast," wide and all round, I shall begin almost at the beginning-for the first of my remi- niscences shall be of college life ; but let me be foreguarded, and all your readers forewarned, that I by no means intend to acknowledge, admit, or insinuate that I am the scapegrace of whom they are the " con- fessions." Let it suffice that I avouch they are true-and some of your Oxford readers will assuredly recognize the repentant whose revelations are now to be laid before them. Be it added, too, that though there were no tears except those of Jaughter- birtli during thc outpouring, though the oratory looked more like a hall of wassail than a confessor's cell, and though the nearest approach to things ecclesiastical was a bowl of " bishop," still it was generally agreed that it was a good shrift ; that the confes sary must be penitent, for he was a sad fellow ;" and that he was absolved was allowed, because, before the evening had closed, that the "bishop" had laid hands upon him could be attested by all present. There had been tales of leaps, shots, and innings extraordinary-and no one in the room breathed who had not something ant in rc venaticâ, aut auciipatorid, aut pis catorid, that was of excellence surpassing all precedent. Horses unweariable-guns that killed at impossible distances-dogs that could find game almost where there was none existing-rods that would bend into a watch-spring without breaking were possessed by more than some one or other in the bachelor's refectory, where we were assembled ; and these themes and theiraccompanying laudations were growing borish, " For cadi such tale was followed by its brother, And every one was like to every other ;"» when our host, seemingly with more of briskness than tact, burst without preface upon our wassailer, with " Come, Charley, now for your story." However, our enter- tainer knew Iiis man, and though such a call would throw a wet blanket over most men, it was not so with " Charley," and he told not only one, but many tales of his college life. The narrative was interlarded with many colloquies, but divested from these, vand revised by the natrator, it was as follows; and though not abounding in wit, yet it may be read as a record most faithful of the " righte merrie Oxford students"-the students antiphrastically so called- students because they never study. " The 25th of October was a bitter morning, and it found me snugly ensconced between the sheets in my college dormitory, for you all know that to call such a locality a bed-room is to hyperbolize hyperbole,sînce in no college of the Cam or the Isis, is there more than barely space in any one to tumble out of bed, whether intentionally or accidentallysuch an adventure might be at- tempted. No, there's nothing roomyabout them. However, in one such was I, and thence was aroused, on the morning afore- said-not by the chapel bell, for that had long ceased from its attempts to disturb tne repose of such as like myself, had resolved to' ' indulge*-but by the voice of my gyp\ informing me, that I must be up and stir- ring if I intended to show myself at the eleven o'clock lecture. "'Ay? said I, lecture; what lecture have I on Wednesdays, at this unseasonable hour?-it's all a hum, Tom.' " ' No, sir, there's the Dean's divinity lecture.' " ' And a reference to my list demon- strated that Tom's tale was ' o'er true,' and that I was doomed to an hour's incarcera- tion-must sit, but not listen-they could'nt make me do that-during a prosy, long winded dissertation on Paley, by one who knew raythcr more about Tho spirits of wino Than the spirit Divine ; and whose heart's affection was with the good dinner he had just ordered for ' the high table.' " Well-be it must-so, after sundry half-resolves and failures to encounter the first shiver, I at' length mustered courage sufficient to make the desperate leap from my snuggery. " Oh ! how I abhor early rising, except when I can look upon my pink hung over the back of my easy chair, and the corners of my fender .graced by the bright tops. At all other times I most stoically abide by my doctrine, Late to get into bed-late to get out, ls tho way to be healthy, wealthy, and stont. " No such cheering sight greeted my optics on the morning in question, when first shewing out in my sitting room; but there was the table half covered with the drapery, on which were displayed various refections besides my commons, and on the uncovered half were tossed the mutilated remains of a lexicon--of which the leaves departed had served to light my candles on the previous evening, or rather at one this same morning, after a rowing wine party commemorative of D-'s.passing-and three letters. Two of these were speedily dispatched, one in fact promptly immolated, being the impertinent intrusion from a dun ; and the second, because from my poor old governor, hoping as usual, I dare say, that I was reading hard ; but this part of the contents was unseasonable, a characteristic not at all applicable to the " Please to pay" within. Thc third letter was a curious production, bearing a direction not ' the most rectilinear, and offering altogether *.It is curious to find how Pope stole from his .successors ; theso Hoes might hnro hceu original if 'that crooked poet had not written two very like them, and, some people will think, rather superior. t Cambridge's synouytue for the Oxford scout. circumstantial evidence that it had been written with one eve closed, to avoid seeing double ; and that I was the happy posses- sor of a fresh correspondent at the sister university. "It was an invitation from my old Oxford friend, Dick B-, expressed in the form and manner following : «««Dear-, I can hardly see to tip yo« a yarn,so shall content myself with saying, I shall be expecting you up here for a lark before you start for home. D-and our old friend L-will be here, and we purpose to play out the game in style It may be an extra inducement to add, thal. I have just laid in a good stock of wine-thanks to the charity (which ' hopeth all things,' and conse- quently for payment) of old King Cole . sundry boxes of Bryant's best suggers ; and if old Jack can't mount you well enough, there are plenty of other well- ap- pointed stables. So come and gladden the eyes of R. B.* " This was cheering-I had not unken- nelled for nothing-there were two good ' finds' and ' no mistake ;' and the last letter came peculiarly opportune, for its re-perusal (under the table) helped to miti- gate the tedium of the lecture room, and to create ' in fancy's rich domain,' antici- pations of the jovial ' meet' in prospect ; for 1 had promptly resolved to accept the invite, and instead of paying my bills, like an every-day cur, I resolved to devote my old governor's cheque to the payment of damages consequent upon my move. A resolution every way commendable, for it gave my tradesmen a very enduring and consequently fine opportunity for the de- monstration of these .most desirable mer- cantile virtues-' faith, hope, and charity.' " My term being kept, the first Sunday of 1837's November exhibited me appeas- ing my hunger, sharpened by an outside ride on a two-horse slow coach, at that paragon of inns, the Oxford angel. This was 'prelusive' to an adjournment to Oriel, where 1 was to take up my quarters; B.'s study-if any room he ever tenanted could by possible interpretation be made con- sistent with the name- being converted pro hac vice (i. e. for this offending) into a sleeping apartment. " On reaching1 the college and inquiring for ' Mr. B-'s rooms," I was directed to ' Second quad, No. 2, one pair to the left;' which, being interpreted, intended the left hand rooms on the first floor of the second staircase in the second quadrangle ; whither proceeding, I forthwith found my- self in an atmosphere considerably obscured by clouds of tobacco smoke, the fragrance of which was rendered compound by other fumes from bowls of punch and bishop, tankards of porter, and other compositions ad bibendu?n et ad inebriendum. My ap- pearance was greeted with * a view halloa' both loud and long enough to be perfectly comprehended in the remotest precints of the college, and this was followed up by that highly meritorious, if not merited harmony 'Here's a jolly good fellow, Which nobody can deny!' " Such was my first Oxford introduction, and the evening passed, ns was their 'con- suetudinal,' in ' high and fliginous carousal ;' nothing occurring to damp the hilarity of tho evening. For although one of the tutors sent to request that less noise be made, yet this was too usual an occurrence at Oriel (considered one of the strictest in Oxford) to have any other consequence than that he who dared to send the imper- tinent message was quietly screwed into his rooms ; the further consequence of which was that his scout on the following morning was obliged to ' break open the oak,'* that his master might be in time for chapel. This ' screwing' being accomplished about two A. M., by those of the party who were yet able to distinguish the gimblet from the screw-driver, we all turned in for a few hours' sleep. And but few they were, for at eight o'clock all the chapel bells in Ox- ford were pealing, and, verily, in some quarter or other, their jingle was to be heard throughout the day. " Chapel being over, our whole party adjourned to L--'s rooms, where, after moistening our parched throats "with a tankard of ale, we proceeded through a due supply of chicken, ham, beefsteaks, and eggs, and ' topp'd up' this wit- bright- ening repast with an appropriate consump- tion of cigars and porter. " * The oak was then sported' (Anglice, the outer, door was shut) giving to all im- pertinent observers the lie implicative that its tenant was ' gone to St. Mary's'. Those who so concluded deluded themselves, for we continued in" conclave over a list of the ' meets' that were to come off during the week now so auspiciously commenced. This, which these embryo parsons have christened ' Blackwell and Evans's Week' Preparation' was carefully compared with another most useful little book published by the same authorities, which shows the meets of every pack within an Oxonian's reach while resident, and pointing out the most eligible place whither he should send his hunter. The result of our investigation was, that there were three available fix- tures-Eyford, Bicester windmill, and Heythorp. "The dons* (quasi, the heads of the colleges, proctors, &c.;,) being safely boxed at the university sermon, we adjourned the debate to the stables, to select our horses for the campaign in prospect. Beezley's, Seckham's Sheard's and the Moor's were | successively visited ; and my choice fell upon three well-known Oxford horses, viz., Grimaldi and Woodman, at Sheard's, and Hector, at H. Moor's. " Of the Oxford public studs I would observe that Sheard's, though not the most highly groomed, are usually superior in shape and breed. He does not keep them apparently in first-rate condition, but I can say from experience, that putting shew out of the question, there is rarely any thing else to complain of concerning his horses. Seckham's are usually a more wiry, fast looking lot, certainly ; but from what I saw of them in the field on the occasion before .Beins >" tile lingua OxonienBÍs synonymous with, our less flowery sentence " to break open his j outer door." us, I had no reason to regret having se- lected ray three previously lo our visit to his stable, Beezley's wore the best groomed and finest horses, so far as size is regarded. He had just entered into, or completed, I forget which, an engagement to horse the Heylhorp hunt, and his stables were stocked with very fine looking horses, but they were not of my calibre-were too leggy, and averaging sixteen hands. However, they were in first-rate condition, and of some I can say their performances were above mediocrity; especially those of a sorrel gelding ridden by my friend B-. I saw him clear, without trouble, a five-foot stone wall with a ditch on either side, carrying thirteen stone good, and after a burst at a slapping pace of one hour and ten minutes. " As a class the Oxford hacks are cer- tainly 'good uns to go,' and many of them would kill half the horses in the kingdom which are much their betters to look at. They have very usually queer tempers, and stillqueerertricks, but they are accompanied by the two essentials-bottom and endu- rance. They have the right quantum of aristocratic blood-are three quarters tho- rough, or, as they say in the east, are twelve annas in the rupee ; and in height they have ' nothing superfluous,' averaging two inches over fifteen hands. "I would here drop as a hint, that many a good nag may be purchased at Oxford at a low figure just previously to the long vacation; for during this protracted period of absence it rarely suits their owners' pockets to be at the expense of their keep, ' and a number of excellent hacks being simultaneously brought upon the market, prices fall in proportion to the want of de- mand. A brother collegian bought, upon such an occasion, a little mare for twelve pounds, which for three successive seasons carried him well to the hounds over the Hampshire country; he hunting her regu- larly twice, and occasionally thrice in the week, when the work had not been hard. Verbum sat saplenti-' a hint is as good as a long sermon to the wide-awake,' there- fore again to my visit. " Having gone the round of the livery stables, and St. Mary's being « out,' alias, the dons let loose at the conclusion of the university sermon), we adjourned to that most delightful of colleges, Magdalen, and wiled away the hours till dinner-time by smoking and discussions suggested by the perusal, not of Greswell's Harmony, but with that" which harmonized better with the taste and spirits of the party-the Sports- man and the Sporting Magazine. If he who first started such a periodical were canonized,.his anniversary would be more regarded at the universities than those of any of the saints, on whose ' days.' at pre- sent, ' our men' are forced to attend morning chapel, with impatience marked on every feature; who only endeavour to effect a genuflexion when kneeling is direc- ted,prevented, as they are, by the tightness of their nether garment stretched over their ill-concealed 'tops and shorts,' and whose ' varmint pink' may be seen peeping out beneath the cuffs of their .' big bens,'* giving the lie to the best assumer of devo- tion ; whilst the absence of all such feeling is by most of them evinced by frequent consultations with their watches, significant shrugs interchanged across the chapel, and by sundry hasty retreats with handkerchiefs upheld, which the initiated well know were previously stained with red paint. " Four o'clock chapel being over, our next muster was in hall, where, after a most aldermanic dinner, washed down by proof (probably so called because he who can swallow it must be proof against intoxication), we adjourned to the junior common room for the discussion, most satisfactory, of sundry bottles of wine ; and about eight a migration was voted, by ac- clamation, to the shades of Wheatley, a village about five miles distant ; where the sign of the George and Dragon, and the good things over which it waves, not least among which is the landlady's pretty daughter, proved so attractive that a .hard gallop scarcely saved the distauce for those who must be within gate before twelve. " Such is a Sunday at Oxford. Monday morning found my friend B-'s name on the ceger list.f " ' What, on earth has made you place yourself there?' quoth I. " ' You'll see, my boy,'-and when the scout appeared at the summons of B-'s bell, he was directed to fetch him some sermon notes. " ' Yes, sir;-morning or evening, sir?' " ' Either-but stay-which sermon did Mr. S-d attend ?? " ' Morning, sir.' ' . .' * Very well, then go to him with my compliments ; his will do.' " The mystery was now solved. B had reported himself ill, that he might gain time to report a sermon, not one word of which he had heard. However, the farce and effrontery did not end here, for so soon as B-had written out a sermon from the notes, he carried it himself to the dean, declared himself better, and struck his name from among the invalids. By this manoeuvre he escaped morning chapel; gained time to write his exercise, and as the tutors were not informed of his miracu- lously sudden recovery, he, as a matter pf course, absented himself from all lectures,, and had ' the day before him what tb choose.' " " A trip to Woodstock was voted, and teams (i. e., tandems) were the order of the day for five of the party, the residue pre- ferring the saddle. One obstacle had to be removed-thè sop must be thrown to Cerberus, for he, that is, the Proctor,' had determined to enforce fines for tandems, or even for buggies, if special, lea Ye had not been obtained. For this desired end, a note was dispatched by my friend, and another by S-, of Merton, who were to handle the ribbons, each to a different Proctor, expressing a wish ' to drive a I friend from the country' to sec Blenheim. I Before answers could be obtained, refusals being but of all calculation, two teams were ordered from John Moor's, and the leaders sent forward on the road. How- ever, on returning from the stables, it was discovered that one Proctor, to my friénd B-j, I think, had remitted a flat refusal. What «vas to be done ? The delectus had very early taught us that ' necessity is the . Anglice, Great coats. \+ Sick list. motlier of invention,' and there was no in- tention now to demonstrate that sha was occasionally barren, I, as a Cantab, was not amenable to an Oxford Proctor's nar- row-minded restrictions, andj therefore, might take ' the author of the Rejected Addresses' for a constitutional drive, with out liability to the penalty ; and so it was arranged. " We started about mid-day, and rattled unmolested throngh the streets and along the road, until we came up to our leaders at a way-side public-house-' the Horse and Jockey;' these were put to, our inno- cent buggy whips exchanged as promptly for others of more ominous and latitudinal genus, and away we went ia earnest. Certes, a tandem, well horsed and handled, is a spirit-rousing vehicle, and, as unquestionable, is it a most ^convenient one for ' a compulsory ejectment.' ' It was proved to be so on the present occasion, and not to the satisfaction of the parties. This showed great ignorance, for a long lost-sight-of friend, Bill Rowley, had re- duced upsetting to such a system, that he wagered heavily to turn over the same man thrice, and unharmed, between Ipswich and London ; Rowley lost his bet, but lt was because his passenger was not sufficiently plucky to go through with the experiment. He had selected a wayfaring sailor as a good subject for tandemizing, but after the second spill, Jack thanked his « honor,' and ' was obliged all the same,' but said he would * now try walking a bit !' "Well, three of us trundled along in the tandem-cart, two others were in a light buggy, and the rest oT the party diverged from the road, and were only occasionally in view as they rattled across the country, every now and then making a circuitous route to avoid some farmer, who was slow enough to consider that our friends should have been corttented with the road, and that there was no fun in their galloping over his young wheats. " Woodstock reached in safety, and Blenheim gone over, we next luncheoned at * the Bear ;' and then B-and I ex- changed our tandem seats for the saddle, promising, after seeing the park, to join the party at Ensham. , Having, accomplished our object, we turned our heads for the village aforesaid, but had not held far on our way, before we overtook two rueful being on broken- kneed horses, who, in spite of mud and contusions, we at once deciphered to be S-of Merton, and T-of Baltol ; the former having tande mizsd his friend so unskilfully (as noticed aforesaid), as to have smashed the vehicle, half- killed its contents, and impaired the horses' understandings. However, this was too entirely an every day occurrence to afford more than a source of merri- ment at the good dinner around which we assembled at Smith's, in Boad- street. " Our post-prandial adjournment was to the rooms- of the music-mad K--, of Worcester, one of the most original inno- cents of the university. He had the rather expensive peculiarity of purchasing a new cap and gown twice or thrice every term, with each of which academical suits he was accommodated at the moderate sum of twelve guineas, his being a gentleman commoner conferring on him the privilege ' by custom, to the which the memory of man runneth not lo the contrary,' of being overcharged liberally. " K-? was a good sort of fellow, but not exactly of our kidney-he was one with us but not of us ; he was a sportsman nowhere, and the only endurable man I ever knew who had never been out with hounds. However, .we came to amuse ourselves ; so after laughing at his last new gown, and whilst listening to his last new song, we were delighted to have the harmony of the evening diversified by a ' who-whoop* in the quad., with a running accompanimentof knocks at K-:-'s door, which required no response from within, for W-, one of the jolliest fellows in Oxford, burst in after his own announce- ment-and, which is no diluted praise, he was its most inveterate, and most neck-or nothing fox-hunter. He at once recurred to his oft-renewed attempt to induce K to buy a horse, and start a pink : this time, as it proved with partial success, for we all united ia assuring K-that a gentle- man commoner-a man with a thousand a-year-was expected to do the thing; that the meet at Eyford on the morrow was in an easy country for a beginner to get across; and that 'beforetom'* he had better adjourn with us to the stables. His evil star was in the ascendant that night, so we prevailed ; and before he had time to ' hark back,' we hurried him through the gates. The horse (old Jack's Ajax) was ordered on to the Pigeons, and a buggy bespoken to run him over. The next point was.to provide him full canonicals;' and this was not insuperable in difficulty, for the skins and boots were speedily .purchased, and W-lent him ' a red,' on which was many an honest stain. " Where we ' wound up' that night I am oblivious, but I have not the slightest idea that we passed it in a mode-at all ill assorted with that of the day preceding. It was to be «a larking week,' and what must be, says the Oxford logician, necessarily is. " Tuesday morning dawned with promise -wind westerly, gentle, and genial, follow- ing^ calm, misty night; the light humidity of which still remained, and sparkled with- out wetting upon the beaver and the nap of the early moving over-seeker. We were not soon enough afoot for even this slight bedewing, for we did not muster until half past eight round a breakfast table in Mag- dalen. Every face was lighted up, every heart gay, every tone tuned to laughter, except those which pertained to poor K-?. Neither the thoughts within, nor the garb without, seemed suitable ; he stretched his arms .' ever and anon,' but the coat would be uneasy: he was either unusally silent, or tried to perpetuate puris, though these were attended by smiles, but the ghosts of his usual . broad grin.' At every puff of wind that was audible he quickly directed his eyes to the windows, but they offered no consolation ; the day brightened fast-the early fog wouldn't turn to rain, so he strove to bear up against adversity ; and though his appetite was gone, declared he was ' all right. tight, and happy.' " [TO BE CONTINUED.] . Tho bell at Christ Church which tolls at O p. I M., and all gates are shnt when it ceases. 