AUSTRALASIAN CORN. - OPINIONS OF THE PRESS From the Morning Chronicle. "Altogether the case of Australia, re- lative to that of Canada, is an a-fortiori case. The only difference is, that Canada it strong, and Australia weak ; Canada has the United Stales for a neighbour, Australia is alone in the world. Lord Howick, in his excellent speech of Thursday night, only spoke the feeling of every just mind when he expressed the "shame" with which he had listened to as miserable a tissue of inanities and so- plisms as ever fell from the lips of the Parliamentary leader of a great party. It was, in truth, a debate for the country to be ashamed of. A discussion more dis- creditable and damaging to the landlord order has not occurred even during the present session. Not a reason, nor a decent apology and substitute for a rea- son, was alleged against the simple re- quest of one colony to share an indul- gence already to another. This obvious piece of justice was refused, not because there was any real doubt about its jus- tice, nor because any human being would run the shadow of a risk of being in- jured by it— but, first, because Australia is not Canada — which is as true, and as much to the point, as that Australia is not Nova Zembla,- — and next, because the " Agricultural mind" is " sensitive," " unsettled," and much given to "panic. " A measure of the clearest, and the most indisputable expediency, in which some thousands of loyal British subjects, who are busy on the other side of the world, engaged in a great national enterprise, have a deep practical interest, is rejected out of regard to fears that are confessedly groundless, and apprehensions that are as palpably absurd as they are sordidly selfish. The Legislature has, almost avowedly, taken its rule of action from fancies rather than from facts. The es- sential interests of a valuable colony are sacrificed, not to the interest of any per- son or class elsewhere, but to a more chimerical terror which nobody professes exactly to feel for himself but which every body feels on behalf of every other body. The national policy of " treating the co- lonies as integral parts of the empire" is given up, because landlords say that the farmers are afraid of ghosts. Instead of " agricultural interests". — which has at least the merit of meaning something real and tangible— we have got now, as the basis and role of legislation, the as- sumed " sensitiveness" of the " agricul- lural mind" 