! THE DISPUTED CHAIR. a bomiunt. . Whoeverre sytteth yn thatte chayre Hath vysyones wylde and dym Offe spectralle formes wych flythe yn ayre Corpse— lyghte and goblynne grym ! _ ' Balladde offe Saynt Swythyne. Uentlemen of the Bar, let it be perfectly under stood that this is " my chair — the Solicitor General's chair." — Solicitob Genebal's Private Addbess to the Bab. The Solicitor General woke at dawn With a start from slumber deep ; — Was it the throe of a shooting corn Which threw off his fevered sleep ! Or was it the ghost of Lyttleton spoke Of being so much overdone by Coke ; ! Or was it another new point of law, Or iri the indictment an extra flaw ; Or a fluttering, faint attempt to be witty ; | Or a bit of a staggerer got from Chitty ; Or was it a something a Stephen to pose, The depth of wkose judgment no man knows Or was it he really meant to peck at His witty Honor, Justice a'Beckett; As the thought of a vacant judgeship rose And with vanity's feather tickled his nose ; Or was it that he was wet and dripping From the cross see- saws of " Abbot on Ship ping "Or had he o'erdosed himself with pills From "Sugden on Rent," and "Robertson Wills;" -Or into his hand had his tailor thrust ; Some very long bill, on extinguished trust ; Or was it a compound of all these together That roused him from rest in the chill morn weather? . .. _ No ! 't was not of these which distracted his air, But the ghost of a cedar empty chair ; For instead of reposing there at his rest The chair, like an incubus, sate on his breast. He jumped from his bed (an unique camp) And was instantly seized with a horrid cramp, The cold floor proved to his feet a nipper ; " Horresco referens," a favHte slipper, For the very flrat time was out of the way ; When cats are from home the mice will play, While slippers their master often abuse Who stand, or wait for, another man's shoes. At length it was found. With sullen frown, He paced the chamber up and down, like a lion in his cage, Or a man who waits the stage, . Or a shepherd with an order When. the bank is in disorder; And from his bursting bosom broke Sounds which child and echo woke. \ I can no longer bear it, my miiid is quite made up V Til neither breakfast, dine, nor tea,: less likely will I sup; . - . Until this loath'd chimera of the night be chased away ; ' . . ' And dreams of infant smilingnes alone around me , stray; No more I'll bear the insolence of silken gowns or )y Stuff, Their mosquito manceuvrings ; Tve ta'en them long . enough';. fe w:- fc. No more I'll brook their studied "insults' diabolic force, Their stings and side-bar motions ; motions, all at me, of course. My Chair I'll have — myself, alone, shall press its 'cedar top, Upon its woody narrowness no other man shall flop. I'm used to it; Tve stood by it; like Curranandhis wig, No speech of mine, without its prop, would e'er he worth a fig. I'm fond — I own my weakness — of my Chair — I'm really fond, S I made a contract for it— bottomry was in the bond. Then be he king, or be he lord, judge, barrister or mayor, I care not for his dignity— he shall not have — My Chair! He spoke — the luke- warm waters laved The grisly chin he oft had shaved : In his hand, set in white bone, The sharp-edged weapon glittering shone ; O'er his lathered face, a grin Changing nose, and lip, and chin In expression, swiftly came — Did a deed without a name For a moment cross his mind ? If tfwere so it went like wind, For he scraped and cut away Till supine the stubble lay; From his hand the steel he cast ; Saints be praised! the danger's past. Deeper, deeper lowered the gloom As he left his sleeping-room ; Small heed took he of Mary's prate, " The eggs is done, the muffins wait, The bohea's werry nicely drawn, All rosy red 's the potted prawn ; There's bollock's tongue, Sir, buttered toast, Turkey boiled and capon roast, Kippered salmon, marmalade Better never made by maid." " For all these I do not care "When within my breast I hear" — " What ?" cried she — " The Chaib ! the Chaib !" Onward he sped to be there, as he thought, Onie good half hour ere the opening of Court. Muttered he then, "I'll secure you to-day Anil ex cathedba my proae shall stray:'.' But whether the Fates had determined to foil The deep laid schemes of forensic toil ; Or to prove that through life the meteor, chance, Is ever inclined to lead portals a dance, None know; hut in Court by St. James's chime, The judge sat, three quarters before his time ; While that mystical chair, the theme of our strain By a pleban stuff gown was filled again ! .» He rose in his turn on a motion in court, And for the first time cut his speech very short, And he hinted- that soon an abm-chair would be found — Pray that somnolent properties may in it abound, _ And that so may the slumbers his speeches have shed On othebs, fall heavily on his own head ! 