BAPTISM. It would, indeed, have been strange had the apostles taught the doctrine which the catholic church holds on this head. They would thus have made Christianity a more carnal system than Judaism, for they would, while teaching that " circumcision is not of the .flesh but of the heart," and that "he is.not a.Jew who is one outwardly, but he who is one inwardly," have taught that a rite, .as purely external as circumcision, is sufficient, to make a man a Christian,.and that he .who is thus a Christian outwatdly, is ipso facto a Christian inwardly and in heart. By such teaching also, they would have given occasion for questioning their own Christianity; for who can show that any of the apostles, except Paul, ever re ceived Christian baptism with water:? The probability is, that they were not baptised save by Christ's breathing on them the Holy Ghost, after which, it is to be remembered, he instituted Christian baptism as a rite to be administered by them; so that if it be water baptism which saves men, by. what, I ask, were the apostles saved ? They have also recorded the cases .of Paul, of Lydia, of the jailor at Philippi, and of others, all of whom appear to have been truly con verted persons before they were baptised;; as well as the case of Simon Mages, whQ, though baptised, remained " in the gall of bitterness and in.the bonds of iniquity." In addition io all this, how striking is the language of Paul in regard to his own practice in the .baptism of convertsl "I thank God," says le, in writing to the Co rintliians, " that I baptised none of you but Crispus and Gaius; lest any should say that I had baptised in my own name. And , baptised also the household of Stephaoas:; besides I know not whether I baptised any other. For .Christ sent me not. to baptise, but to preach the gospel." [LiCor. i. 14-17.] Is this, I ask, the language of one who be lieved that it was by baptism that men were to be united to Christ, and to receive through him the remission of sins? Can we suppose for a moment, that had the apostle really believed ,that doctrine, he would have re frained from administering baptism-that is, would have refused to convey to men sal vation, lest some evil-minded personsahould make a sinister use of his doingso? that he would have thanked God that he had onl baptised two persons during his long rest dence at Corinth ? that he would have affirmed that, commissioned as he was to teach men all that Christ had enjoined, he had been sent not to baptise. but to preach the gospel, and that lie would have thought so little about the matter as really to be at a loss to.remember how many lie had bap tised~in the church at Corinth? What a con trastis.there in this respect between Paul and the clergy of the catholic church.l While they make baptism everything, and the preaching of the gospel next to nothing, he elevates the preaching of the gospel to .the first plape, and allows.to baptsixnkonl ' a very subordinate rank among the means of grace. While they think themselves successful as ministers of Christ in propor-. tion to the number of persons they haptise, he thanks God that, in a large city, and out of a large church, he had only baptised one or two. And whilst they claim "reli gious veneration" from their flock on the ground of the mysterious virtue they are supposed to convey in baptism, he abstained from administering the rite altogether, ex cept in a few instances, lest he should seem to .be seeking honour for himself. Would that all who call themselves Paul's succes sors had the same high views of the spiritual nature of Christianity, and the power of the preaching of the gospel which dwelt in him I-Anglo-catholicism not Apostolical. 