FINDING A MAKE'S NEST! on, The Wonderful effects of Mei- m eh ism. " TU ttranje I Ti« putin; ttr.n,. I 'Tit piti'al ! ' Hi woodrou. piulal !" Pityi.vo, a, we did on a recent occa sion, Uic lamentable" tendency towards leaden dulness and roost Roinnifcrout protc, which Uic natural obesity and Icuco-pluegtnatic temperament of our simple minded brother of the Courier was manifestly superinducing, wc took the liberty of advising his friends to hav.e him mesmerised, if possible, into a state of clairvoyance, in which, if rationally interrogated, he might dis cover some of the errors into which his vanity or stupidity may have led him, and in all probability be endowed with some new light or gift of intuition, to illuminate the darkness that surrounds him, and brighten up the uncertain twilight of his own slumbering and be nighted understanding! Our adrice, which. was certainly well-meant, seems to have been adopted in the same spirit as it was oflcred ; and strange to say, the results of Uie experiment have been of the most wonderful, though somewhat ludicrous descripUon. At the experiment was tried in the strictest privacy, and with the utmost regard to secrecy, we arc not exactly aware who Uie principal Mesmeriser was on tht occasion; but this much has transpired — that the patient was very easily re duced to a state of mesmeric sleep, but required the combined magnetism of several tnestnerizers to be brought to bear upon him, before he was trans muted into a state of even imperfect clairvoyance. None, it is said, but a spectator could adequately describe the profound interest and curious results, which this partially successful experi ment gave rise to. Tbe application and utility of mesmerism as a practical test of the phrenological theory, was beau tifully, but — as we have already re marked — somewhat ludicrously, illus trated. For instance, when the bump of self-esteem was operated upon, the patient's vjgage, which usually " creams and mantles like a standing pond," was suddenly lit up with a smile of self- complacency, as he asked ius spouse how he looked in his white-lappets and broad brim ! But when love-of approbation was at the same time touched, he as sumed an air " Ot «tM)oa, piili;, prolo.tfl eaoe.it. With parpoM i. to drtrt'J in to epimoo ; A -Iu tiiouM uy, 1 «— Sir Or. tit, AJ, uhe. I my lift, /.( u dqf tort t" Here the mesmeriser began to interro gate the patient resjiecting his political views ; but notwithstanding an attempt which wa made to give au impulse to the organ oi lunyuaye, nil that could be got out of hiin were several very stupid and prosy lucubrations, in which be fancied and boasted that he had made ii <;r<tnd discovery, which nobody bad even thought of before, and of which, therefore, he claimed the entire and exclusive honor. Here he seemed inflated with a sense of his own astern- ishiny sagacity, and exclaimed tri umphantly, with the philosopher of old who discovered tho " Pons Asinorum," — Urcka ! Urcha ! which means in Greek — " 1 have found n mare's nest 1" It would be too tedious, and by no means edifying, to relate in detail or ipsimis verbis, tho silly rigmarole which ho poured out on the occasion : — " For sedentar wtuvera of loaf tales Give us the fidgets, and our patieore foila." But it was exceedingly laughable, or rather — when seriously viewed — pitiful, to sec tho fuss he made, -when lie dis covered for the first lime in his sora- nambulant life, wlmt every person who ever read the Imperial Act knew before; to wit, — that squatters within the electoral limits of Port Phillip, who may occupy houses of the clear annual rnluc of £20, ore entitled to vote as electors of the district in returning pro vincial representatives to the Legislative Uouncil. J his is what wc call — " unit ing a mare's nest," — " Tcllinjr 111 now wh.l trtry body knows tofor,."— but what, it appears, nothing but the ctairwyanee of a mysterious mesmerism could bare enabled him to discover ! The best of the joke, how- erer, was the serious and magnanimous air with which he stamped the dis covery as his own, and hastened to turn it to account at the end of a quarter, by promulgating this newly-acquired know ledge of his under the title of " His Boon to the Squatters V Poor fellow, — he really deserves some credit for his good intentions ; but we are very much afraid, unless the mesmerism which has already operated so wonderfully upon him, be frequently rc|>cated, that lie will again relapse into his natural dulness and somniferous prose ! Having no patience ourselves to treat the silly lucubrations of the Courier so- tiously, we avail ourselves of the follow ing notice of the matter in question from the Qedong Advertiser of Saturday last : — " We hare steadily endeavoured tn impress upon the squatters ibe propriety of endeavouring, by every honest and straightforward means, to obtain the full and fair recognition of their rights to an adequate voice in the choice of re presentatives. We would have them reject the disingenuous policy of the Legislative Council, in continuing tht grievance, in order that they may havt the gratif cation of having something to complain of. Their manner of preferring their claims should be dignified and frca from finesse ; rejecting all offers of a dis honorable compromise, and standing upon the broad ground of the justice of their cause. These remarks have been called forth by the perusal of an article in the Melbourne Courier, (the greater part of which wc reprint below,) pointing out the well-known fact (which he put forth as a discovery of his own) that the occupier of a house of the annual value of £'20 (whether the occupier be a squat ter or not) is entitled to a vote in the election of members of the Legislative ana uistnct uounctts. we say well- known fact," for we can inform tho worthy editor that the occupiers of a number of public-houses erected on Crown Lands in the Portland Bay Dis trict actuallv hare their names on the electoral roll, deriving tltcir qualification from such occupation. The suggestion is valueless to any other description of sauatters, for we may safely venture to aifirm thai there are not lialf-a-doxcti houses (other than public- houses) on Crown Lands in the District of Port Phillip, of the annual value of £'10, or £400 actual value of the building ir respective of the land on which it is built. It is (juite possible that tlie crooked ingenuity of a finder of mare's nesta might succeed in blinding the eyes of a Revision Court j to as to pet a few unqualified applicants ' enfranchised ; but such is not Uie con- j summation towards which the squatters j look. _ Indeed the success of such a shuffling piece of policy would be the most unfortunate event that could happen. The opponents of the squatter migni turn roanu and say, " Oh, you do not want your right, you are enfran chised already 1" The Editor of tht Courier maintains that every suuatter may aualify himself by erecting a build ing of sufficient ralue. Not a doubt of j it 1 He can buy a vote for £400 1 ! 1G he gets it for less he geU it dishonesriy. I There are some fifteen hundred squatter j in the dittrict, so tliat they can procure ! the privilege of voting by the expenditure of the small sum of iCGOO, 000 (more than half a million !) The privilege of j expending this amount is jocoselv called j a boon by the Aldennanic Editor — a ! boon to which the squatters are indebted ; to himself alone. The half million is ! to be expended, not tn improving the pro perty oi the squatter, but iu adding a temptation-value to the lands of the Queen, so that the occupant would very toon be bought out, ami thus K>o»e Ins house, run, £400, ami vote, .illog< tlu-r. Wc are afraid there is tnui. ihmg wrong with the worthy i'dimr of the Courier. He has lust .t-l hi. uueient shrcwdncs, npjiears quite chapl'ulien, and is little be lter than ,'hr ghost of his former self. .Another instance of his strange want of j>ciutraUou was afforded in the preceding number of his jourash He declared himself an ndvocnte for « fixed lease, but did not care the toss of a brass farthing (or some such elegant phrase), about the right of pre- emption Perhaps the fault is in 0ur dulness hut wc must confess that wc cannot conceive how any leas, can nfTord a fixed tenure the holder of which possesses no right of purchase at the exclusion of the term A\ ill our contemporary be kind enough to enlighten us ?" b 