A GHOST OF THE YEAR 1746. BY D. B. M'LEOD. One of the most faithful adher- ents of Prince Charles Stuart, was William Chisholm, of Strathylass, in the county of Inverness. Per- haps, indeed, with the solitary, ex- ception of Colonel Jonn Roy Stuart, Chisholm had not a match as a gladiator in the whole range of Scottish Highlands at that period. He joined his prince only the very first day that he unfurled his ban- ner at Glenfinnnn, and shared his triumphs and adversities till he fell, gashed with wounds and loaded with glory, on Culloden. Being a near relative of the chief of that warlike and brave clan, William was a person of considerable note in the district. He was uniformly recogniscd as a ceann-taighe, and acted as the chief's lieutenant on all predatory or warlike expeditions. Never, perhaps, did the duties de- volve on the shoulders of a man better able to discharge them. To the most undaunted courage and the greatest physical strength, Chis- holm united the equally essential attributes of cool determination, caution, and forsightedness ; and, although his religious tenets and his politics, if politics he had, chimed in with those professed by the chevalier, he by no means rashly asserted his intention of taking up arms in his cause. William had heard the note of preparation around him for the Eising, he had seen the gunsmiths at work, swords and dirks conveyed stealthily from hamlet to hamlet, and messengers of ominous looks and significant hints hurrying from clan to clan, and he still kept his counsel to him- self. This was the more remarka- ble, as his wife, who shared his pillow only for six months pre- viously, made no secret of her wishes that he would espouse the cause of the exiled house of Stuart. "I have no particular liking for the government of a German Lair- die," he would reply, "more than you have, my dear, but, perhaps, I see further than you do. We have no Montrose, no Claverhouse to lead now against the forces of England ; and what is worse, we are not unanimous. Divided a- mongst ourselves, without money and without arms and munitions, we might as well try to raise yonder hill and place it on the top of Ben Nevis as attempt to re-establish James Stuart on the English throne." "I thought I had married a hero!" exclaimed Mrs. Chisholm, in bitter irony, "but I have been deceivedl by appearances. Hout ! Willie, man, since you are six feet in the air, the best thing you can do is to cut yourself down and make two or three tailors of yourself. Feh, me ! how are we fallen ! a Chisholm, of the right religion, too, refuses to draw his sword against a heretic !" "Catherine," said William, calm- ly, but in a sufficiently authoritive line. "I do not understand such language. If Prince Charles gets none to join him except the handful of Catholics which are thinly plant- ed in the Highlands, they must be all made priests to work miracles ere he can lay his thumb on the British sceptre. Let me hear no more of ch injudicious language: if indulged in it will ruin the cause we all wish to see in the ascend- aint." Ere he had well done speaking a gillie from the castle entered the house and summoned him before his chief. The Chisholm had just returned from an interview he had had with Lochiel and Glengarry, at which it was determined that they should make common cause and join the Prince. William Chisholm ved the nature of his chief's business with him, and, accordingly, on his way, armed himself with such arguments and remonstrances as he thought might dissuade him from so perilous an undertaking. But it was no use, the fiery cross had been already sped from district to district, and the shrill, loud "gathering" of the clan soon burst on his ear in deep and thrilling in- tonation. William saw his chief, refused to go, and quarrelled with him ; and that night William Chis- holm slept not. He foresaw the disastrous cousequences of a civil war, and, carefully weighing the chances of success and defeat, ar- rived at the conclusion that his clan was recklessly rushing on certain ruin. He rose early next morning, but his wife was up before him, and, contrary to custom, his breakfast was ready and on the table. But, instead ol tea, bread, butter, and eggs, his usual fare, she had only prepared a mess of oatmeal porridge for him. "MMy dear, said William, "what means this ? Is, there no tea in the house ?" "Porridge is good enough, for a coward, and too good for a heretic !" she replied, snappingly , leaving the apartment. William Chisholm, could endure no more; he donned his sword and dirks, affectionately bade farewell to his "better half," told her, with a tender pressure of the hand, that they snould meet no more ; and, in half an hour afterwards, stood at the head of his clan on the green before Erchlais Castle. Arriving at Glenfinnan, his handsome person and soldier-like bearing at once took the eye of Prince Charles, who, stepping from a knot of Highland chiefs with whom he was in consult ation, shook William by the hand saying, "Ha! Mr. Chisholm, a few shoulders like yours would uphold any throne in Europe, even during the storms of intestine strife: glad, very glad to see you !" From that moment he was devoted heart and hand to the interest and person of Prince Charles. He distinguished himself both at Prestonpans and St. Ninians ; and at Culloden, he rallied his clan three times, and led them again to the charge. But the retreat ultimately became ge neral, and William Chisholm, deserted by the last of his followers, might be seen with the flag-stall in one hand and and his claymour in the other thunder ing stern defiance at his foe. Borne along in the evolutions of the fight, he reached a barn, detached from the farm house by a small stream of water, where he perceived a few of his clansmen had sought shelter from the fury of the vic- tors. William took up his position at the door of the out-house to protect them, and, for some time he succeeded in keeping a semi-circular area of a few yards clear of the foe ; but two of the rod-coats climbed up to the top of the barn from behind, and lodged the con tents of their muskets in his spine, the gallant and indomitable hero fell amid the cheers of his enemies, who could not restrain the ardour of their admira- tion at such unequalled prowess. If William's wife was the means of sending him to fight for a hopeless cause, and, consequently, the indirect cause of his death, she was, also, the means of immortalizing him. She forth with composed an elegy on him, which, for pathos and loftiness of sentiment, is not surpassed by any similar production in the Celtic language. It will be found with notes, critical and historical, in M'Kenzie's "Beauties of Gaelic Poe try." It can easily be conceived that a per son of William Chishohn's bravery would be an eyesore to the little men among his enemies ; and, as the custom then was to extend the punishment due to the beligerents not only to their wives and children, but also to their cattle, houses, and corn-yards, Mrs. Chisholm wais singled out as a most eligible person to be insulted and ruined. The ministers of vengeance were let loose on all the highlands, and nowhere with greater promptings to severity than in Strath- gloss. But the shameful and inhuman res gestae of that period are matters of history, and require no particular notice here. Six Campbells, headed by a pe- tulent, sulky Serjeant of the followers of Argyle, were billeted on Widow Chis holm. For three long days and long nights were they with her, eating the best and offering her every species of annoyance and insult. To uphold his personal dignity in particular, and the superiority of the Clan Campbell gene rally, Serjeant Colin Campbell insisted, amongst other things, that Mrs. Chis holm should attend them at table, standing behind his chair ; and to this cruel indignity the poor widow, now broken down with grief, which was embittered by the unconsciousness that she herself was chiefly instrumental in bringing about her misfortunes, had no alternative than passive obedience. It was in vain that Marion, the faithful servant maid, told them over and over again that the house was haunted by tbe ghost of her late master, and that, if they did not treat the widow more iently, he would certainly wrack his vengeance on them. "We have beat him while alive," said one of the Campbells, "and we fear not his shade. Let him come if he dares, and, by George ! we'll make him dance once more to the tune of 'Culloden.' " "That we shall," quoth the Serjeant, "and to show that we fear neither men, ghosts, devils, or doctors, I have to in form you that we shall sit up till night drinking death and destruction to all rebels, and speedy marriages to their widows : for which good wish, on my part, Mrs. Chisholm, I am sure, will be glad to stand with us all night to sup ply us with hot water and snuff the candles." "Spoken like a Campbell," shouted another of the ruffians ; and, as it was now dark, they ordered some whiskey and hot water immediately. "Spoken like a Campbell indeed," observed Marion, leaving the room, but you shall dearly rue your boast- ing." True to their threat, twelve o'clock found the Campbell's deep in their ca rousal, sinking songs and pledging healths of the most obscene and insult ing nature. Ever and anon they bawled out, "Well, Marion, lassie, is that unco gobhn o' yours come yet. Tell him if he does na come that the 'Cammels is coming.' " "Have a little patience, my darling " said Marion, " the witching hour of the night is at hand . he'll be here in a giffee." "He will, eh? Ha, ha, ha! Is he good at retreating? Is there any par ticular mark by which we shall know him— the mark of the wild beast or the Pope?" "No ; I dinna think he has; but he generally leaves a mark where he goes." "Vera like, and, therefore, do we wish him here." "Then here I am!" thundered a tall, unearthly figure, stalking into the room as he spoke. Mrs. Chisholm shrieked, and the Campbells shook on their chairs. The phantom was wrapped up in snow- white sheets, but a huge claymour, which he held firmly in his hand, indi cated that he had some acquaintance with some dealings, too, with the in habitants of this world. "Up at him, lads," faintly sqeaked Sarj ant Campbell, "King George and the Protestant religion is the word." One blow of the ghost's sword, how ever, silenced the Serjeant's tongue for ever ; and now commenced a furious onslaught betwixt him and the party inside. Other two soon met the fate of the leader but a third had stealthily skulked round, and was just aiming a felon thrust at the stranger from behind, when Marion, having previously pos sessed herself of the tongs, anointed the fellow's brain-box with such a tremen- dous blow as laid him prostrate at her feet. A few minutes more, and the last of the Campbells lay stretched on the floor in the last agonies of expiring na ture; and then the ghost threw off his mask and displayed to the astonishment of Mrs. Chisholm the person of Colonel John Roy Stuart. The here, it appears, had been lurking in the adjacent woods, and had learned from Marion everything that was going on at Chisholm's ; and, when the cup of his indignation was full to overflowing, he sallied forth like a lion from his den and took his own peculiarly effective way of curing her guests of their petulance, impudence, and very bad manners. 