Suntmi? Corner. contributed to the sknt1nel-1 CHRIST CRUCIFIED. The Atonement of Christ is one of those awful mys terics which are hidden from the wise of this world. Ii is indeed plainly revealed ; men do not reject the cross for want of evidence, nor for want of explicit revelation; but the doctrine of a vicarious punishment is so revolt ing to the pride of the natural man, so destructive ol the strong-holds of carnality, that nothing but the power of the Iloly Ghost can bend the will to receive it. It was no wonder, then, that when Paul preached 'Christ crucified," he should find it "to the Jews a stumbling-block, and to the Greeks foolishness." The self- righteousness of the one class, and the worldly wisdom of the other, were alike opposed to a simple truth which exposed the insufficiency of those refuges of lies, behind which fallen human nature is so prone to entrench itself. " Christ cruc fled" must be the sum and substance of all Christian preaching. Not that the fact of the cruci fixion is alone to be insisted on ; the whole testimony of the Scripture concerning Jesus must be unfolded without concealing anything ; but the crucifixion — the simple, yet terrible, truth, ihat the Son of God died the shameful death of the cross, and his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, is the great hinge on which all preaching must turn. It is the specific remedy for the disease under which human nature is suffering. The spiritual malady of man is alienation of affectioD from God. Outward actions are merely cutaneous symptoms. Hence the mere proclamation of a law does not reach the seat of the disorder, for the law only in creases the irritation. An appeal to conscience is equally inefficacious, for conscience, though a monarch, is a de throned one. The precepts, (the consolations, as they are called,) of Philosophy cannot eradicate the com plaint ; they rather "heal the hurt slightly, saying Peace, Peace, when thereis.no peace." In short, nothing can be of any avail in our desperate circumstances but the communication of the Gospel, that by the death ol Christ the alienation of man's heart is removed, his guilt washed away, and a reconciliation effected. To preach Christ crucified is to proclaim this fact, and the servants of God who watch on the walls of Jerusalem must make this fact the alpha and the omega of their public ministrations. The Atonement is a great mystery; but it is not to be rejected on that account. God said " In the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." If then the vicarious death of Christ be a cunningly devised fable, God is a liar. It is on the cross of Christ that God vindicated his own truth, and caused righteousness and peace to kiss each other. This is truly the marvel of marvels. We cannot fully comprehend it; we are but children, and know only in part; now we see through a glass, in an enigma, but hereafter we shall see face to face, and know even as we are known. Then- is a horizon to. all human knowledge, as there is to hu man vision .; and it would be just as reasonable for a man to refuse belief in the existence of a thousand worlds in the vastness of infinite space, because science with all its giant achievements .has not demonstrated their motions and laws, as it would be for a man to deny the Atonement of Christ, because the mysteryis not capable of being grasped by our Jmperfect intellects. But the truth is, that we believe far more than we com prchend; and this intellectual fastidiousness is only excited by the truth of the .Gospel because the reception of that" truth involves and requires, a. sacrifice of self, a crucifixion of the affections and lnstsjlwhich is asgall and wormwood to the unsanctified heart. The cross of Christ stands between two worlds — be tween the living God and the dead race of Adam. To God it offers an atonement of righteousness for the sins of the world ; to man it offers pardon and peace. Hence the beauty of those figures of Scripture, which call the blood of Christ "a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God," and " wine, which cheereth God and man." TIenee ihe tears of Jesus, when he be held the city that killed the prophets, and stoned them that were sent to her ; hence the sublime pathos of his expostulations," Ye will not come unto me, that ye may have life !" Oh, what words can express the guilt of him who rejects the cross of the Saviour! Itds a sin worse than that of devils— they believe, and tremble, but tbereis no gospel for th- m. Even the angels around the throne can hardly comprehend the wondrous story of the cross, for Christ never took on Him the nature of angels; yet they ceaselessly swell the sacred song in praise of the Lamb that was slaiD. But man, the object of this marvellous mercy, base, ungrateful, rebellious man, thinks it a light matter to refuse the invitations of the Gospel, and counteth the blood of the covenant an unholy thing, doing despite to the Spirit of grace. Verily, such shall find that " It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God." 