THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT. »V c. PICKEHS, E8U. (Continued front our last.) CHAPTER XI. Wherein a certain gentleman becomes particular in his attentions to a \ certain lady; and more coming events than one, cast their shadows before , Ths family were within two or three day1 of their departure from Mra. Todgers's, and the commercial gentlemen were to a man despondent and not to be comforted, because of the approaching separation, when Bailey junior, at the jocund lime of poon, presented himself before Alias Charity Pecksniff, then sitting with her sister in the banquet chamber, hemming six new pocket handkerchiefs for Mr. Jinkins ; and having expressed a hope, preliminary and pious, that he might be bleat, gave her, in his pleasant way, to understand that a visitor attended to pay his respectx to her, and was at that mo ment waiting in the drawing-room. Per haps this last announcement showed in a more linking point of view than any lengthened speeches could have done, the trustfulness and faith of Bailey's nature ; since he had, in fact last seen the visitor upon the door-mat, where, after signify, ing to him that he would do well to go op-stairs, he hadleftliiratothe guidance of hiB own sagacity. Hence it was at least an evep chance that the visitor was then wandering on the roof of the house, or -vainly seeking to extricate himself from a maze of bed-rooms ; Todeers'a being precisely that kind of an establish, merit in which an unpiloted stranger is pretty lore to find himself in someplace where he least expects and least desires to be. " A gentleman for me t" cried Cha rity, pausing in ber work ; "my gracious Btiley !" " Ah!" said Bailey. " It is my gra- clous a'nt it ? . Wouldn't I he gracious « either, not if I was him <" The remark was rendered somewhat obscure in itself, fay reason (as the reader may have observed of a redundancy of segathrca ; 'but accompanied by action expressive of a faithful couple walking towards a parochial church, gnuUially exchanging looks of love, it cjeerl v eignifipd this youth's conviction that the caller's purpoEfl was of an amo- PW) tendency. Miss Charity affected to reprove so great a liberty ; but she could sot help smiling. He was estrange boy to be sure. 'There was always some ground of. probability and likelihood mingled wiih his absurd. behaviour. That was the beat of it i \- 11 Sot- 1 donft know any gentleman. Bailey,'' said Mia Pecksniff. " I think you xnuat have made a mistake." " Mr. Bailey railed at the extreme vrildneflfl of nuch a flbppositioe ; and re. gfcrdfldthe young lauies with unimpaired pffahUity." "My dear Merry," aaid Charity, who can it be ? Isn't it odd T I have w'ifcreat trund'nol to go to him really. So vety strange yen know." The younger sister plainly considered that this appeal had its origin in -the pride of being called upon and asked for ; ondThafTf was triteudedsB an assertion of superiority, and retaliation upon her for having captured (be,conjmereial geo. tlkU hepaTore, ship replied, with anfefajatiop antl; politeness, that it trikj rib doubt; Verystrange indeed';' and that she was totally at a loss to conceive wrfcfat - the 'ridiculous peraoo unknown could mean by it. ' " "Quite impossible to divine!" said Charity, vrith some sharpneis, "though still, at the. gajna, time, you needn't be angry my dear." " Thautypu," retorted Meny, singing t Ler needle. " 1 am quite aware of I tww. mvldve." ' ' "'lram'afriid your head is turned, you silly things Mid 'Cherry, WDoyou know, my dear,' said Merry, with engaging candour " that 1 have been afratd of that, myself, all along i Bo much inaeme and rionaenac, (and 11 the test of it, is enoughTo turn a airooger bead than mine. - What a relief ft mast be to yon, my dear, to bean very com. fortrible in; that respect, Mod np( lo be tried by tiroae odious men 1 How do you do it, Cheery?''.' ; r . This artiossinquiry might have led to turbulent reanhutfohibe strongemo- tlons of jd el igbtevineed .by Bai lry junior, whose relish in .tbe.-Jurn the coo versa.; tinn, "had lately taken waa so acute, that iiimpelled and forced himtothe instan- taneooa perfotjmanneo/fl dauping step, ; extremely diffioult in jta nature, end only , to be achieved in a moment of ecttacy, j which is conpoonly called V The frogs" Hpt»pipc." . A manifestation so lively,, brought to thelrimowdiate recollection the great virtuous precept — " Keep up appearances whatever yoo do," in which they had been educated. They forbore at once, and jointly signified to Mr. Bai ley that if he should presume to practice that figure any more in their presence they would instantly acquaint Mrs. Todgera with the fact, aDd would demsnd his condign punishment at die hands ol that lady. The youtgenwemau having ex pressed the bitterness of his contrition by affecting to wjpe away his scalding tears with his apron, and afterwards feigning Aovmng a vast amount of water from that garment, held the door open while Miss Charity pasted out ; and that damsel went In stale up-slairs to receive her mysterious adorer. By some strange concurrence of fa vourable circumstances he had found out the drawing-room, and was sitliug there alone. " Ah, couain," he said. " Here I am, you see. You thought I was lost, I'll ba bound. Well, how do yon find yourself by this time 1" Miss Charity replied that she was qoite well ; and gave Mr Jonas Cburelewir her ltaod. " That's right," said Mr Jooas, " and have you got over the fatigues of the journey, have you? I say — how's the other one ? " My sister ia very well, I believe," re turned the young lady. " I've uol heard libr complain of any indisposition, sir. Perhaps you would like to see her, and ask her yourself?" " No, no, cousin P'said Mi. Jonss, sit ting dowo beside ber on the windowseat. " Don t be in a hurry. There's oo occa sion for that you know. What a cruel girl you are 1" " It's impossible lor you to know," aaid Cherry, ''whether I am or not" " Well, prrhaps it is," said Mr. Jonas. " I say — did you think I was lost ? You haven't told me that." " I didn't think at all about it," an swered Cherry. " Dido't you, though?" said Jonas, pondering upon this strange reply. !' Did the other one ?' "I am sure it's impossible for me to say what my sister may, or may not have thought on such a subject," cried Cherry. ' She never said anything to me about it, one way or other." " Didu t she laugh about it ?" inquired Jonas. "No. She didn't even laugh about it," answered Charity. J " She is a teribler one to laugh, an'l she said Jonas, lowering bis voice. " She iaveiy liveiy,"saiJ Cherry. " Liveliness isa pleasant thing — when it don't lead to spending money. An't it 7" asked Mr. Jonas. " Very muchao indeed," laid Cherry, with a demureness of manner that gare a very disinterested character to her assent. " Such liveliness as yours I mean, you know," observed MrJouas, as he nudged her with hit elbow. " I should have come to se» you before, but I didn't know "here you was.. How quick you hurried off, that morning !" "I was amenable to my Papa's direc tions," said Miss ChnritVi " I wish he had given uie bis direc tion," returned her cousin," and tlien I should have found you out before. Why, I aliould'ot have found you even now, if 1 hadn't met him in the street ibis morn ing. What a sleek, sly chap he is! JusL like a tom-cat, an't be ?" " I must trouble yon to have the goodness to speak more respectfully of my papa, Mr Jonas," said Charity. "I can't allow Buch a lone as that, even iu jest." " Ecod, you may aay what you like of my father, then, and so I give you leave," aaid Jonas. "1 think it's liquid aggra vation that circulates through his veins, and not regular blood. How old should you think my father was, couud ?" " Old, no doubt,' replied Miaa Charity, " but a fine old gentleman." "A fine olu gentleman 1" repeated Jonas, giving the crown of his hat an angry knock; " Ah ! Tt'a fime he was thinking oi being drawn oat a little finer loo. W tiy, he's eighty ! " Is he, indeed V aaid the old lady. " And ecod," cried Jonas, "now he's gone so far without giving in, I don't see much to prevent bis being ninety ; no, nor even a hundred. Why, a men with any feeling ought to be ashamed of being eighty— let alone more. Where's his religion I'dbould like to know, when be goes flying in the fat of the Bible dike that ! Three-ecore-and- ten's the mark ; aud no man with a conscience, and a pro per sense of what's expected oi bim, bag any business to live longer." Is any one surprised at Mr Jonas mak ing. sucb a reference to such a book for such a purpose? Does any one doubt the old saw, that the devil (being a lay man) quotes Scripture for his own ends ? If be will take the trouble to look about ! bim, he may find a greater number of confirmations of the fact, in the occur rences of any single day, than the steam- gun can discharge balls in a minute. " But there's enough of my father," aaid Jonas ; " it's of no use to go putting oneV self out of the way by talking about liim. 1 called to ask you to, .come and take a walk, cousin, and see some ol (he sights; and tp cotno to oitx house after wards, -and ' hare a bit of aumetfiing. Pecksniff will moat likely look in the .evening, be says, and briag you home. See; here's bit writing; l inade put It down this morning ; when he told me he sbould'nt be hack Wore I erne beret jo case you wouldn't believe me. There's nothing like proof, is there ? Ha, ha 1 I say— you'll bring (he . other one, you know!" Miss Charity csst her eyes opon her father's autograph, which merely aaid — " Go, my children, with your cuusin. Let there be union among us when it is possible,'" and after enough offaesltation to impart a proper value to her consent, withdrew, to prepare her sister and her self for the exeprata. She soon returned accompanied -by Miss Mercy, who was by no means pleased to leave the brilliant triumphs of Todgera's for the society of Mr Jonas and his respected father. ""Atf!" cried Jonas. "There you are, are you." "Yes, fright,'' said Mercy, "here I am ; and I would much rather be anything else,? -assure you." "You don't mean that," crid Mr Jonas, you can't you know. It isn't possible." " You can have what opinion you like, fright," retorted Mercy. 1 am coutent to keep mine ; and mine is that you are a very unpleasant, odious, disagreeable person." Here she laughed heartily, and seemed to enjoy herself very much. ' Oh, your'sashsrp gal!" said Mr Jonas. " She's a regular teazer, an't site cousin ?" Miss Charity replied in effect, that she was unable to lay what the habits and propensities of a regular teazer might be ; and that even if she possessed audi in formation, it would ill become her to ad mit the existence of any creature with auch an unceremonious name in the fa mily ; far less in the person of a beloved sister, " whatever," added Cherry with an angry glance, " whatever her real nature maybe." " Well my dear 1" said Merry, " the only obserration I have to make, is, that if we don't go out at once, 1 shall cer tainly take mv bonnet off again, aud stay at home." This threat had the desired effect of preventing any further altercation, for Mr Jones immediately proposed an ad journment, and the same being carried unanimously, they departed from the house etraigtway. On the door-step Mr Jonas gave an arm to each cousin ; which act of gallantry being observed by Bailey junior, from the garret window, was bv him saluted with a loud and violent fit of coughing, to which paroxysm he has still the victim when tliey turned the comer. Mr. Jonas inquired, in the first in stance, if they were good walkers; and being answered " Yes," submitted their pedestrian powers to a pretty Bevere teat; lor lie showed them as many sights in the way of bridges, churches, streets, ouuidea of theatres, and other free spec tacles, iu that one forenoon, as most people see in a twelvemonth. It was observable in this gentleman that ho had an insurmountable distaste (9 the insides of buildings; and that he wrb perfectly acquainted with the merits of all shnws, in respect of which there was any charge for admission, which it seemed were every one detestable, and of the very lowest grade of merit. He was so tho roughly possessed with this opinion, that when Miss Charity happened to mention tho circumstance of their having been t wice or ihrije to ill e thealre with Mr. Jinkins and party, he inquired, bb a mat ter of course, " where the orders came from ?" and being told that Mr. Jinkins and party paid, was beyond description entertained, observing that " they must be nice flats, certainly ;" aud often in the course of the walk, bursting out again into a perfect convulsion of laugh ter at the surpassing silliness of those gentlemen, and (doubtless) at his own superior wivdom. When they had been out for some hours and were thoroughly fatigued, it bejng by that time twilight, Mr. Jonas intimated that he would show them one of the best pieces of fun with which lie was acquaiuted. This joke was of a practical kind, and its humour lay iu taking a hackney coach to the extreme limits of possibility for a shilling. Hap pily it brought them to the place where Mr. Jonas dwelt, or the young ladies might have rather missed the point and cream of the jest. The old established firm of Anthony Cituzzlewit and Son, Manchester Ware housemen, and so forth, had its place of business in a very narrow street some where behind the Post Office; where every bouse waa in the brightest summer morning Tery gloomy ; and where light pollers watered the pavement, eaoh be. fore his own employer's premises, In fan tastic patterns, in the dog-days ; and where spruce gentlemen, with their hands in the pockets of symmetrical trousers, were always to be seen in warm weatber contemplating their undeuiybje boou in dusty wjutfcouae doorways, which appeared to be the hardest work they dia, except now and then carrying petia behind their ears. A dim, dirty, smoky, tumble-down, rotten old house it was, as anybody would desire to see ; but there the firm of Anthony Chuzzlel wit and Son transacted all their business and their pleasure too, such as it waa ; fur neither Ibe young man pof jhfc old had k«y other retideoce, or any care or thought beyond its narrow limits. Business, as may be readily supposed, was the main thlng.in this establishment j insomuch indeed (Uat.it shouldered coma fori out of doors, and jostled the domes tic arrangements at every turn, Theu in the miserable bedrooms. there wer- files -of moth eaten letters' hanging up against the walls; and linen /-oilers, and fragments "of old "patterns, and odds and ends of (polled goods, strewed upon ground; while the meagre bedsteads, waihiug-rianda, and scraps of carpet, were huddled awaj-iato corners a ob- jecU of. secondary consideration, mot (0 be thought of but as disagreeable neces sities, lurnisbK 00 profit, and intruding on the one affair of life. The single sitting-room was on the same principle, a chaos 01 boxes and old papers, and had more oounclng-house stools in it than chairs: not to roentjou a great monster of a desk straddling over the middle of the floor, and so iron safe sunk into the wall above the fire-place. The solitary little table for purposes of refec tion and social enjoyment, bare as fair a proportion to the desk and other business furniture, as the graces and harmless relaxations of lite had ever done, in the presence of the old man nnd hii son, to their pursuit of wealth. It was meanly laid out, now, for dinner ; and in a chair before the fire, sat Anthony himself, who rose to greet his aan and his fair cousins as they entered. An ancient proverb warns us that we should not expect to find old heads upon young shoulders ; lo which it may be added that we seldom meet with that unnatural combination, but we feel h strong desire to knock them off, merely from an inherent lovo we have of seeing things in their right places. It is not im. probable that many men, in no-wise choleric by nature, felt this impulse ris ing np within them, when they had first made tho acquaintance of Mr. Joobb; but if tliey had known him more inti mately in his own house, and had sat with him at his own board, "it would assuredly have been paramount to all other considerations. " Well, ghost !'' said Mr. Jonas, duti fully addressing his parent by that title, " la dinner nearly ready ?" " I should thick it was," rejoined the old man. " What's the good of that ?" rejoined the son. / should think it was. I want to know." " Alt I I don't know for certain," said Anthuny. " You don't know for certain," rejoin ed his son in a lower tone. " No. You don't know anything for certain, you don't. Give me your candle here. I want It for the gala." Anthony handed him a battered old office candlestick, with which Mr. Jonas preceded the young ladies lo the nearest bedroom, where lie left them to take off their shawls aud bonnets; and returning, occupied himseli m opening a bottle of wine, sharpening the Carving-knife, and muttering compliments lo his lather, until tliey and the dinner appeared to gether. Tha repast Consisted of a hot leg of mutton, with greens and potatoes ; and the dishes having been set upon the table by a slipshod old woman, they .were left to enjoy it after their own manner. " Bachelor's Hall you koow cousin," said Mr. Jonas to Charity. " I Bay the other one will he having a laugh at this when she gets home, won't she ? Here ; you sit on the right aide of me, and I'll have her upon the left. Other one, will you come here ?" " Yon're such a fright," replied Mer cy, "that I kuow I shall have no appe tite if I ail ao near you ; but I suppose I must." " An't ahe lively 7" whispered Mr. Jonas to the elder sister, with his favour ite elbow emphasis. " Oh, 1 really don't koow !" replied Misa Pecksniff, tartly. " 1 am tired of being asked such ridiculous questions." " What's that precious old father of mine about now ?" said Mr. Jonas, seeing that bis parent was travelling Up and down the room, instead of taking bis seat at the table- " What are you look ing for." ' I've lost my glisses, Jonas" aaid old Anthony. " Sit down without yourglaaies, can't you?" returned his son, "You dun't eat or drink out of "em, I think ; and where's that sleepy-headed old Chuffey got to! Now, stupid. Oh I you do kuow your name, do you ?" It would seem that he didn't, for he dido't come until the father called, As he spoke the door of a small glass office, which was partitioned fiotn the real of the room, was slowly opened, and a little blear-eyed weaxen-faced, ancient man came creeping out. He waa of a remote fashion and dusty, like the rest ot the furniture: he waa dressed iu a decayed suit of black ; with breeches garniahed at (he knees with maty wisps of ribbon, the very paupers of shoestrings; on the lower portion of his apjndle-legs were idingy worsted stockings of the same co lour. He looked as if he had been 'put away and forgotten half a century before, and somebody bad just fouttd him in a lumber-closet. Such as he was, he came slowly creep ing on towards the table, until at last he crept into the vacant chair, from which, as his dim faculties became conscious of tho presence of strangers, and thoBe atrangert ladies, he rcae again, apparently intending to make a bow. Bat he sat. down once mote, without having made it, and breathing 011 his shrivelled hands to warm them, ' remained with his pure blue noee immoveable above his plate, looking at nothing, with eyes that saw nothing, and a face that meant nothing.' Take him In that state arid lie was an embodiment of nothing. Nothing elsp, (To be eoitfimuuh) 