Van Diemen's Land. -0- ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH.--On Sunday Sept. 28, the Sacrament of Confirmation was administered in the Church of St Joseph's by the Right Rev. the Bishop of Hobart Town. The service commenced at 11 o'clock. High Mass was celebrated with the usual grandeur, by the Very Rev. W. Hall V. G., the Rev. J. A. Cotham, A.S.B., and the Rev. Luke Livermore of the Cistercian Order. At the close of the Mass, the Bishop recited the usual English prayer and delivered an instruction on the nature of the Sacrament he was about to administer. His text was chosen from Acts, chap. 8; " When the Apos- tles had heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent to them Peter and John, who, when they were come, prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. For he was not, as yet, come upon any of them; but they were ONLY BAP- TIZED in the name of the Lord Jesus. Then they LAID THEIR HANDS upon them and they received the Holy Ghost." The ceremony throughout was very imposing-the greatest piety and devotion was exhi- bited by the communicants, and the utmost order and attention by the vast congregation. The females were deeply veiled in white veils of an uniform ma- terial, which added much to the solemnity of the ceremony, and the males were neatly attired and arranged in the side pews-they approached two by two to the altar, before which the Bishop was seated with Mitre and Crozier and receiving the Chrism on their foreheads, separated to each side of the altar, where two priests were in attendance to wipe the anointed forehead, and returned to their places in the Church. The Bishop concluded the ceremony by a very appropriate discourse, in which he asked them to join with him in earnest prayer," that they might not receive the grace of God in vain." These com- municants were addressed again in the evening by Father Cotham in a very eloquent discourse, and a benediction followed. We understand there were not less than 500 communicants; all of whom had par- taken of the Sacrament during the week-they consisted of persons from every rank of life, and some at a very advanced age, which latter circum- stance is considered as illustrative of the silent progress of Catholicity in Van Diemen's Land.- Hobart Town Advertizer.. THE WEATHER.-The harsh winds and dry wea- ther which threatened total destruction to the crops in a large district around the capital, have been since Saturday followed almost without intermission, by soft and genial rains, which have totally changed the appearance of the country. The yellow and sear look which was assumed by much of the grain has been replaced by rich green. Some of the early crops of hay wilI, we fear, fall short, having begun to ear prematurely, and this without any growth of stem which could give even a moiety of a crop. Where circumstances would allow we think such places might be fed off with sheep or cattle, and that the subsequent growth would yield an increased quantity of produce.-lbid. PRICE CURRENT.-Lamps are down-lanterns on the rise. Pistols and bludgeons are much in re-. quest. Locks, bolts, and bars are eagerly inquired after;-they fetched high prices at Mr. Stracey's sale on Monday last, and many repairs are doing. Night-lights are much wanted, and yelping curs are in demand, although there is great consumption of these animals in the lock-up house. Night con- stables are unable to speculate from the impossibility of seeing their way, and thieves are doing a safe and lucrative stroke of business, which it is certain will increase vastly. Public officers are at very high figure, but business at a stand still. Invest- ments in the Governor's good intentions are at a ruinous discount;-the holders of this stock are fast selling out. No business whatever is doing at Government House, being well lit up! The general aspect of the market is very black-no one can grope his way through it.-lbid. EXECUTION OF ELIZA BENWELL.-The vengeance of the law was fully satisfied on Tuesday morning last, in regard to the horrible murder of Jane Saun- ders, by the execution of Eliza Benwell. In a re- cent number it was our duty to notice the execution of the three principals in the committal of the dreadful crime-Gomm, Taylor; and Lockwood. We have now to record a spectacle even still more revolting; that of a woman In the middle age of life, launched into eternity in the presence of thou- sands of spectators. But it is satisfactory to reflect that, of the vast and heterogeneous assemblage, we believe there was scarcely one but felt the justice, in the case of the miserable woman before them, of the law's dread doom. Shortly before eight the bell of St. David's Cathedral sent forth its solemnn warning that the wretched criminal had but a few hours to live. As the clock struck the hour, her hands were pinioned, and she was brought from the condemned cell. Her demeanour was firm, and she spoke but little. Absorbed In meditation, she seemed to commune with her own thoughts. Except a pallor on the cheek, quivering of the lips, and a slight motion of the hands, there was no indication of a quailing heart. Having at last abandoned hope of reprieve, her mind seemed nerved to meet her fate with becoming fortitude. She needled but little assistance either in walklng across the yard, or ascending the steps leading to the drop. T. J. Crouch, Esq. Under Sheriff, paid her every atten- tion, and the Rev. Mr. Bedford administered the last offices of spiritual consolation. Immediately on ascending the steps, she closed her eyes, in ac- cordance with a resolution which she had formed on the previous evening, that she would not look upon the crowd. Her appearance on the scaffold was more like that of a person in her station out for a short walk; a printed cotton gown, a white hand- kerchief under it and over her neck, and a net cap, all scrupulously neat and clean, composed her dress. Her hair (light brown) was tastefully arranged, and evidently with great care. The executioner approached, and deep silence pervaded the vast multltude; pity that she should have brought her- self by crime of the deepest dye, to a death so igno- minious, seemd to be the pervading feeling-but none lifted up a voice in vindication of her inno- cence, and no one cried "God bless her!" To ad- just the rope and launch the wretched woman into eternity; was but the work of a moment by the cool and expert finisher of the law. When the drop fell, a chair which had been placed there under an impression that the woman would need support, went down with her; but she did not require such sup- port, and stood erect. Several females, of whom we regret hundreds were present, screamed when the culprit was turned off. In ten minutes not one individual remained. The body, after hanging the usual time, was removed in a shell, and placed in the dead-house of the Colonial Hospital, there to be dissected and anatomized, pursuant to the sentence. In that charnel house, on the dissecting table, were portions of the body of Taylor, one of the ill-fated men who suffered for the same crime. It was an awful sight, over which we draw a veil. The woman made confession on the evening preceding her exe- cution, to this effect-that she could have saved the girl's life had she been aware that a murder was in- tended. This is so far satisfactory, as it shows that, whatever the men meditated, she acted with them in "uniity of design," upon which so much stress was laid by the learned judge in his address to the jury. It is just fifteen years since the pre- vious execution of a woman in Hobart Town.-Ibid. THE CONVICT SYSTEM.-NEWS FROM HOME.- On the authority of a private letter, dated London, 5th June, from a well-informed person, we take upon ourselves to state that a new plan of convict did- cipline had been drawn up, under instructions from the Secretary of State; that It had subsequently been submitted to the Inspectors of Prisons; that it was by them approved; and that a Bill would be in- troduced into Parliament probably before the close of the then current session, for giving It effect. Of the locale of its contemplated operation we have heard nothing; but it is unlikely to be anywhere in which convict have been before under discipline. Indubi- table reliance may be placed on the correctness of this statement. Hobart Town Advertiser. 