SCHISM IN THE CHURCH OF ROME. GERMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. Breslau, February 10. The honest priest who lately exposed the fraud perpetrated by the Roman Catholic Church in Germany of exhibiting some old coat as the very garment worn by our Savi- our, has been excommunicated. In conse- quence of this a large number of respectable Roman Catholics have united with the priest in forming themselves into a Christian Church, and have adopted and published the following Confession of their Faith and Prin- ciples in the Silesian Gazette :- " 1. We throw off the allegiance to the Bishop of Rome and bis whole establish- ment. " 2. We maintain full liberty of consci- ence, and contemn every compulsion, false- hood, and hypocrisy, " 3. The basis and the contents of the Christian belief are the Bibln. " 4. The free investigation and interpre- tation is not to be restrained by external au- thority. " 5. As the essential contents of our faith we lay down the following symbols :- " ' I believe in God the Father, who has created the world by his om- nipotent word, and who governs it in wisdom, justice, and love. " ' I believe in Jesus Christ our Sa- viour, who, by his doctrine, his life, and death, has saved us from bon- dage and sin. " ' I believe in the working of the Holy Ghost on earth, a holy universal Christian Church, forgiveness of sin, and life everlasting. Amen.' " 6. We recognise only two sacraments as instituted by Christ, baptism and the Lord's supper. " 7. We uphold infant baptism, and re- ceive, by solemn act of confirmation, as self acting members of the congregation, those persons who are sufficiently instructed in the doctrine of faith. " 8. The Lord's Supper will be distributed to the congregation, as instituted by Christ, in both forms. Auricular confession is re- jected. " 9. We recognise marriage as an insti- tution ordained by God, and therefore to be kept holy by man. We maintain for it the sanction of the Church ; and consider, with regard to the conditions and restrictions ap- plying to it, the laws of the State alone as binding. " 10. We believe and confess that Christ is the only mediator between God and man ; we reject therefore the invocation of saints, the adoration of relics and images, the re- mission of sins by the priest, and all pilgrim- ages. " 11. We believe that the so-called good works have only value in so far as they are the emanation of Christian sentiments ; we reject therefore all commands of fusting. " 12. We believe and confess that it is the first duty of the Christian to manifest his faith by works of Christian love." 