LA GUERRE ET LES INTERETS. The Constitutionnel, under the head of ' La Guerre et les Interets,' publishes an article, which is to be the first of a series on the same subject, and in which it endeavours to show that great interests have arisen in Europe and throughout the world during the last thirty years, which render a general and serious conflict almost impossible. It goes on to say, however, that universal and permanent peace appears to it to be a mere dream, and'that it holdp to the old recommenilalion 'to be prepared for war, and yet to believe that peace may be preserved ; to resprct the rights of others, and to maintain our own; this would be wisdom unattended with risk." It then enters into a long review of the changes which have been brought about by manufactures and steam, which are the great reformers of the world, and which exercise upon human feelings, and the manners of nations, a more powerful and.really more pacific inHuence than absurd theories and malsdro t diplomacy. We have not time at present to examine the article in the Constitutionnel very narrowly. Our contemporary argues that the Sovereigns of Europe are either too poor or have too many embarrassments on their, hands to go to war. They are all in debt, or tbey have quite enough to do to keep their own.people •juiet. The remarks ol the Constitutionnel, however are chiefly directed to England. After alluding to the real or supposed embarrassments, financial and .otherwise, of this country, the Constitutionnel says:— " Tbe foreign trade of England is exclusively maritime. A war with France would inflict upon her.cruel attacks, and we may assert, without exaggeralion, that the receipts of ibe Customs would be ituheihiteljr' reduced sixty to. seventy per cent There would no longatbesny maritime insurances. Cor, however powerful the London companies may be. tliey would not be eufficieatty to to affront the chances of war, and France would be muoh better able to injure Britisb commerce than ebe wa6 under the Empire." In England, nobody denies that a war with France would be deeply injurious to British commerce, but people jheie assume (hat tlie French are deterred from war by the same considerations. The English believe that a war with them on the part of France would not merely be injurious, hut absolutely ruinous to French trade; aud that this calamity would be the greater, inasmuch as it would fall upon a people just beginning to develope their manufacturing and commercial resources. Tlie persons engaged in these great branches of nations industry in France are probably quite a well aware of what they would have to lose as the English are, and .they are no more to be led blindfolded into a contest than the same clashes in England. This fact is one of the best, perhaps the very best guarantee for the duration of peace. Bui ibis," adds the Constitutionnel, " is not tbe only consideration in England. She is not only incapacitated for aggression, but lies constantly to provide for her defence- Without talking of tbe vuloerable points of Enghnfl and Ireland, Great Britain bss vast and numerous posiesstons on all points of tbe globe. Her fleets are powerful and well organised'; but would they suffice to resist attacks upon every point 1 . She muBt at tbe same time defend IndiB, her colonies in North America, the Antilles, the Cape of Good Hops, Siera Leone, Gambia, tbe Mauritius, St. Helena, the Austral colonies, Heligoland, Malta, tbe Ionian Islands, &e.; Without doubt the defence of these different colonies is well organised; hut couli the English foresee on what point tbe enemy would direct a superior force 2 Are these possesions, even with the most complete surveillance, all welt protected against a coup dc main, and coald they alike successfully resist attack? Tliuj war, with the distraction of internal difficulties, tbe situation of the finances, and the destruction of public credit, commerce, and manufactures—v^ar, considered with reference to a purely military point of view, could not be without gtave perils for England." There needs no ghost to come from the grave to reiea! that England will find her best interests in peace. Nor do we believe that any one Frenchman in these times has such lack of brains or information as to believe that any English statesmen or nonstatesman could contemplate war, but as a necessity and a defence. Much higher and weightier considerations than the vunerable state of her colonies weigh with England in the balance of peace, and were she to receive seriouo provocation, all the obstacles that the Constiiutionnel alleges would be, as indeed they are, to much chaff. The Constitutionnel contains a long article on the news rocently brought from the Pacific, that France had just " accepted the protectorate" of the Wallis and Fortuna Islands—" news," says the Constitutionnel, " which has greatly surprised political men of all shades of opinion." This event has been passed over by the Dcbnts, as one abont which " the less said the soonest Mended." Protectorates are not quite so popular as they were some months ago. M. Guizot has found out to his cost, that however Lord Aberdeen may slumber, the people of Great Britain are quite awake to his plans, and will not, under the name of protectorate, admit of aggression and conquest. The very name of protectorate must nowa- days be unpalatable to M. Guizot, for he has had no little ocrasinn to find that this mode of acquiring colonics leads to some awkward questions. The Constitutionnel says that so impolitic does it consider such conqiie*" 1 . tliaL notwithstanding the official source of the announcement it has difficulty in believing it. As the news, however, has not been contradicted, it is forced to believe in its truth, and accounts for the affair by supposing that lus step was taken at the time when M. Guizot was beating the charge in the Pacific to conceal the feebleness of his policy in Europe. Our contemporary says that if M. Guizot seriously intends to assert the Protectorate of the Wallis Islands, there will be a repetition of the conflicts and disavowals of Tahiti; as in proportion as the Fiench draw near New Holland and New Zealand, the struggle with the Methodist missionar-es will become mote violent, and the conflict with the British authorities more imminent. The Constitutionnel adds, that this possession will probably be found to be within the jurisdiction of the British Consulate of the Navigator's Islands, and that the French will again be bronght in contact with that conciliatory personage, Mr. Pritchard. Under these circumstances, the Constitutionnel treats as absurd, the policy of the French Government, in seeking alter the protectorate of islands which can bring neither honour nor profit to France, but expose the Govern met to acts ofhumiliation towarns England in the subsequent disavowal of its proceedings, or to the chance of serious misunderstanding by persisting in profitless and illusory schemes of extension of territory. ? 