COLONIAL DISTILLATION. PUBLIC MEETING. On Monday last a public meeting was held in the large room of the Royal Hotel, for the purpose of petitioning the Legislative Council against the Did- tillation Bill, now under consideration. There were present between fifty and sixty persons, and the chair was taken by Mr. ROBERT CAMPBELL, jun., who opened the business of the meeting in a speech of some length, in which he said that the Bill before the Council relative to distillation, demanded their serious atten- tion, inasmuch, as it militated against the liberty of the subject, and if it was passed, all the odious excise laws of England would be introduced here, and they were all concerned in preventing that. There was a great difference between this country and England, inasmuch, as England did not grow the produce from which spirits were distilled; while in this country, the land was teeming with such produce, and they could grow plenty of sugar to the north- ward, and he considered that it would be an absurd act of legislation to put a stop to that which God, in his providence, had given us, because, forsooth, there were some amongst us who had a grea thorror of drunkenness; he detested drunkenness as much as any one, and he might be jibed at for taking the chair on that occasion, and it might be said that by so doing he was encouraging drunkenness, but it was no such thing, for all who drank were not drunkards, and he could not see why the poor man who could afford to have a glass of rum should not have it as well as the rich man his wine. Vines were now growing all over the country, and were they to put a stop to them; were they not to distil brandy from their produce, why the idea was quite preposterous. They were certainly obliged to obey good and moderate laws, but he did not like such tyrannical laws as this. The bonded stores were exempt from the operations of this Bill, and why was that; because there happened to be in the House one or two gentlemen who had bonded stores. It was the duty of the people now to come forward and pray for the matter to be reconsidered. He considered it to be a very hard case, this country was surrounded with a beautiful climate and other productions, and he did not see why it should be debarred of these advantages by the Legislature, This Bill was of a piece with all the legislation of the government lately. He was sorry to see the city members did not take it up, but they had not done so, and had allowed clauses to pass without opposition, which would take away the liberty of the subject. It was like they had acted with regard to the City Council, when that body had reduced the salaries of the magis- trates, the House voted them back again, but if the City Council was worthy of the confidence of the citizens, it ought to be attended to. The Bill had been smuggled into the House, and seemed to be passing without opposition, and if it was passed, persons engaged in distilling would be ruined. Mr. ROBERT COOPER rose to move the first reso- lution, and entered into a long review of those clauses of the bill which appeared to him unconsti- tutional and tyrannical. By some of the clauses, a distiller would not be allowed to erect a stable for his horse inside the wall; neither could he have a cooper employed on the premises to repair their casks, and yet if a hoop got loose, and the cask leaked, the distiller was to pay a fine of 10s. a cask for all the spirits lost by such leakage. The officer could come and demand to look at your books at any time, and if he was denied, the Government could take away the license and ruin the distiller at once. Such laws would deprive in a moment any British subject of the fruits of years of labour. By the clause relating to feints it would be impossible to send into the market spirits of any value, while every facility would be given for the sale of I'm- ported spirits, but that might suit the purposes of some members of the Council, who if they could not get a tax of a halfpenny a lb. upon sugar, would buy up all the rums in the Colony, and get half a crown upon them. If the distillery was let on lease, and the leaseholder did any one thing con- trary to the provisions of the act; the whole of the premises could be seized and confiscated, and thus the owner of the property would be ruined, though he might be a thousand miles away, and know nothing of what had been done by the leaseholder. That could not be called a fair law, and he should like to know what the Governor would have said when the still was catched in his kitchen, if all the property in the house had been seized and confis- cated, and himself seized by the collar, and hauled off to prison. The bill deprived the distiller from compensation caused by accidents of the officers; and when he looked at the manner in which that was put forth, he pronounced the bill an unjust and tyrannical one. It was only last week that his distillery was set on fire by one of the officers, and property to a great amount might have been con- sumed; all his treasury receipts were, then imme- diately after this occurrence comes in this bill to prevent hlm from gettlng any compensation. The bill was altogether a most unjust and arbitrary one, and he had great pleasure in moving the resolution as follows:-That it is the opinion of this meeting, that the Bill now before the Legislative Council, relative to distillation, &c.;, is arbitrary, oppressive, unjust and unconstitutional. Mr. HENRY FISHER said he had great pleasure in rising to second the resolution. He had no doubt there would be persons out of doors who would charge them with meeting to encourage drunken- ness; but he denied such a charge. There was not a clause in the Bill which was not sufficient to arouse the indlignation of every British subject. He knew there were two or three reverend gentlemen in Sydney who zealously advocates teetotalism, and who would not give their votes for any spirit merchant to get into the City Council. This Bill would most likely suit them; but he hoped that neither he nor any other spirit dealer was a murderer. He thought the Governor must have had the Police Act before him when he drew the clauses of this Bill, which placed the spirit dealer in a much worse position than the Norfolk Island expiree; for he must not only register his place of residence, but give a description of the premises and pay a license of £10: but he understood that had been struck out, as it would be found to press on some of the members of the Coun- cil who were importers of spirits. An inspector or tide-waiter could come at any hour and knock up the spirit dealer; and if he, or his servant refused to open the doors he was to be fined £50. And what was all this for? Because Sir George Gipps had failed in his usual sagacity of choosing honest servants: because the officers had been dishonest, the Governor had dared to strike down the liberties of a class of citizens quite as respectable as the Go- vernor himself. Any man's dray might be stopped by a constable, and the driver lodged in the watch- house until it could be ascertained that the spirits conveyed upon it had paid the duty. With such a law as that they would never be able to get men to drive their drays, and thus their trade would be at an end. But that might suit the fanatical gentle- men who spoke at teetotal meetings. He should not object to the clause so much if it had placed this power in the hands of the chief inspector of distil- leries, or some other persons of character; but to give it to constables was unjust. If such a law as this passed, he supposed the next thing would be to pass an act to fine any man £50 who presumed to walk on the same side of the street as a govern- ment officer did. The inspectors could come and look into their books-could demand to see all their stock, and know the exact state of their affairs; and that power might be often abused to suit the purpose of interested parties. One gentleman had said that the moment this "villanous act," as he called it, came into operation, he would give up the trade; but that would not suit every one, and they had, therefore, a right to call upon the members for the city to oppose the Bill. But they were badly repre- sented in the Council; and the fact was, that if it had not been for a gentleman who was then sitting near him, and who happened to be in the gallery when the Bill was under consideration, bursting into a laugh at one of the monstrous clauses which was being passed, and thus awaken the Council who had all gone to sleep, they would not have an oppor- tunity of protesting against the Bill; for it was only this gentleman's laugh that aroused them to the fact, that they were passing something which would stultify themselves, and they then postponed the Bill until Wednesday: it was owing to that lucky accident, and nothing else, that the Bill was not already passed. He was not a supporter of il- licit distillation: he never sold a drop of illicit spirits in his life: and he was satisfied it might be put down, under the existing law, all over the country, if the country magistrates only did their duty; but they did not. He had lately been up the Hunter, and he counted no less than twenty-eight public- houses between Morpeth and Maitland; and, judging from the quantity of spirits which must be consumed there, and from an inspection of the books of the Hunter River Steam Navigation Company which he had been allowed to make, he was satisfied that not more than a-tenth part of the spirits consumed in that district went from Sydney, but must have been the produce of illicit stills. Mr. SAMUEL COHEN, of Maitland, and Mr. P. J. COHEN, publican, Sydney, both emphatically denied the assertion, and said from the knowledge they had of the Maitland district, they did not believe there was an illicit still in it, and that if the spirits did not go from Sydney by the steamers, they went by sailing craft. Mr. FISHER said that might, perhaps, be the case, and having characterised the Bill as an infringement on the liberty of the subject, concluded by seconding the resolution, which was put and carried. Mr. CHARLES ABERCROMBIE moved the second resolution, to the effect that the hurried manner in which the Bill had passed through the House had prevented any expression of public opinion upon it. He contended that it would be impossible for the distilleries to comply with the provisions of the Bill, and that it would cost £5000 or £6000 to alter either the Brisbane or the Glenmore distillery accord- ing to tihe requirements of the Bill. The clauses of the Bill adopted from English acts of parliament were not suited to this colony, where distillation was principally from sugar, while in England it was entirely from grain. Distillation if properly carried on, would be a great benefit to thee agriculturists of the Colony, by providing a market for their grain, in which they would be able to obtain 5s, a bushel for wheat, 3s. or 4s. for barley, and 2s. 6d. for maize. He characterised the Bill as a piece of absurd legis- lation, and expressed his surprise at seeing Mr. Wentworth sitting as happy as possible beside the Colonial Secretary, and cordially assenting to every clause as it passed, he never was so ashamed as he was to see the Bill hurried through the House in the manner this was. Mr. HARPER seconded the resolution, and des- cribed the Bill as a crude, indigested, and indiges- tible piece of legislation. The resolution was then put and carried. A committee consisting of the Chairman; Messrs. Abercrombie, Fisher, and Harper, was then proposed to draw up a petition. Mr. CURRIE, jun., proposed as an amendment, that the names of the Rev. J. Saunders, Mr. Went- worth, Dr. Bland, Mr. P. J. Cohen, and Mr. R. Driver, should be added to the committee. Mr. COHEN did not wish his name to be on the committee; he did not think a committee was re- quired; the bill did not appear to him to be an in- just measure as a whole, though there were one or two clauses of an objectionable nature. After the disclosures which had been made in the Legislative Council relative to the distillers. Here some disapprobation was manifested, and the chairman decided that Mr. Cohen could not be heard unless he had a motion to make. M. COHEN said he was merely about to state his reasons for thlinking the measure was not an unjust one. The chairman decided that Mr. Cohen could not be allowed to proceed, and after some further con- versation, the resolution as originally proposed was agreed to. A vote of thanks was given given to the chairman, and the meeting dispersed. Owing to an extraordinary press of matter we have been compelled to postpone until our next several articles already in type. THE RIGHT REV. DR. EPALLE.-On Sunday last, a solemn pontifical High Mass was celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Right Rev. Dr. Epalle, to invoke the blessing of the Holy Ghost on the mission upon which his Lordship and his fellow labourers are about to enter. His Lord- ship and suite will proceed on their voyage to the North-western islands of Oceanica to-morrow morn- ing. The Marian Watson has been chartered for this purpose, and she will be towed to sea by the Thistle, and we have no doubt a large number of the Catholics of Sydney will avail themselves of the opportunity of accompanying this amiable prelate from our shores, and that their best wishes and prayers will attend him in his arduous mission. ADELAIDE.-The School for the Roman Catholics, which has been for some time in course of erection on West-terrace, is now so near its com- pletion that it will be opened as a temporary chapel, with all the imposing attractions which the service of that Church is so well calculated to put forth, on the 6th of next month. The Right Reverend Bishop Murphy, assisted by the whole of his resident clergy, will officiate on the occasion. The School is to be ornamented with a belfry and cross, which are to be erected forthwith, and, when finished, the belfry is destined to receive a full peal of twelve bells.- Adelaide Observer. AUCTIONEER'S AND PLEDGE- TAKERS.- Yesterday a woman was brought before the Police Bench, charged witn stealing a considerable quan- tity of wearing apparel, bed linen, &c.;, which she pledged to Mr. Heydon, the auctioneer. When Mr. Heydon appeared in the witness-box, he was unable to identify the woman as the person to whom he had lent the money on the goods. Alderman Flood commented in strong terms on his conduct in ad- yancing money, in so disreputable a way, to any one who brought him property to pawn. It was holding out every incentive to stealing, as it was most improbable that a woman of the prisoner's appearance would have come honestly into the pos- session of the articles.-Australian. 