[?] contributed to the " skntinfil " Life of Martin Luther, by the Rev. George Cubitt, Wesleyan Minister. John Mason, Loudon, 1844. In any controversy between the -'Roman Catholics and the Protestants, one of the first questions asked by the former is, where was your religion before the time of Luther, thereby implying, that the doctrines taught by the Reformers were new, that they were not known ,be fore the time of Luiher, and consequently are not en titled to belief. A consideration of the means by which the mind of the ikustrious Reformer was enlightened to perceive the errors of the Church of Rome will prove, that the doctrines preached at the Reformation were not new, that they were held by the Fathers of the Church, that they are doctrines by Christ and his Apostles. The author of the work under review has done good service to that section of the Church to which he belongs, by furnishing it with a well written account of the days of Martin Luther, lie lias not only .given the birth, education of the Saxon Monk, he has also furnished bis readers with the reasons which induced that Reformer to act so conspicuous apart, in protesting against the abominations, and lie thus leads them to exclaim, while viewing the opening of his mi: d to the influence of the truth, his unshaken courage in the midst of dangers, the friends which rallied round him in times of trial and per secution, Truly this is the Lord's doing, and it is mar vellous in our eyes. Martin -Luther, it appears, was born in the year 1483, of poor but honest parents; he received the best educa tion that could be procured in those days, becoming- perfectly master of the Metaphysical divinity taught in the universities On the 17th of August, 1505, he en tered the convent of the Hermits of St. Augustine. At this time he was anxious to know how a man can be just before God ; he praactised the monkish austerites lilMie was reduced to such a weak state that his death was expected. This, : however, did not allay the agita tion of his spirit, though continued for years, his carnal corruptions remained unsubdued; and his riiirid which had been enlightened by the word of God still continued in a restless state. The Vicar General of the Augustiries for all Ger many: heard of theiydung monk ; he visited him, and heard froth htm an account of his state. In the course of the conversation Luther said, " It is in vain that 1 make promises to God : sin is always too strong for me." Stanpilk told him the only way. "Look, Said He; to the wounds of Jesus Christ, to the blood which he has shed for you; it is there you will see the mercy of God. Instead of thus torturing yourself for your sins, cast yourself into the arms of Christ." But Luther objected that he was not as yet turned to God. I must be changed before God can receive trie. His guide knew the way better, and told him "that there could be no real conversion while man feared God as a severe judge." If you wish to be really converted you must i be filled with the love of God, seek it not in tliese mor tifications and penances. You must love him who has first loved you." Stanpitz made him a present of a copy of the Bible, and advised him rather to derive his divi nity from the word of God than froth the system of the schools. From that time he studied the Scriptures with increasing zeal. Some time after this he was attacked by a severe malady which brought him to the brink of the grave. His former views returned. His own sin fulness; and God's holiness; disturbed his mind: while in this state, he Was visited in his cell by an aged Monk to whom he opened his mind. The old Monk directed him to the Apostle's Creed, and repeated the article, "The forgiveness of sins." You must not only believe, said he, that David's or Peter's sins are lorgiven. The commandment of God is, that we believe our sins are forgiven. This is what St. Bernard says in his discourse on the annunciation. The testimony which the Holy Ghost applies to yotir heart is thi3 " Thy sins are for given thee." The mind of Luther was now enlightened on the great doctrine of Justification by faith alone. He believed in the Saviour of the world, and from this received joy and peace. The comfort he had received to his soul restored health to his body. He quickly rose from his bed; his bodily and spiritual strength increased daily. , The blessings which liave followed the Reformation have been many, the rights of conscience, civil freedom, intellectual diserithrallment ; but all these have arisen incidentally. The foundation of the triumphs of the Reformation was laid in the one great doctrine, that there is no other name given under heaven among men by whieh we can be saved but the name of Jesus. Christ as the Saviour, the only Saviour of the world, was the doctrine embraced by Luiher; and before the faithful preaching of this doctrine the mighty fabric of superstition reared by the worldly craft and policy of the most subtle and crafty priesthood the world ever saw fell like lightning to the ground; Luther having beeu in the Cloister aboVe two years, was ordained Priest by the Bishop of Brandenburg on the 2nd of May, 1507. After his ordination he em ployed his time in making short excursions into the country preaching in various parishes. His great abilities, bis various learning, together with the austere piety of his morals recommended him to .the notice of Frederic the Wise, Elector of Saxony, when that en lightened Prince established the University of Witten berg, by the advice of Staupitz, he appointed Luther one of its Professors, in the year 15l>8. Here he applied himself with great diligence to the duties ofhis station, devoting much time to the study of the Greek anri Hebrew languages, so ably did he fulfil the duties of his office that his fame was spread throughout Germany, and pupils flocked to him from ali parts. Thus at the age of twenty-seven the youlhfril professor had acquired great reputation, and especially enjoyed the confidence of his own order, for he was still an Augustine Monk. The impression made on the mind of Luther, during a visit to Rome, is thus related in the woa k beiore us. " In the year Lutber visited Rome, being deputed by his brethren of the Augustine order to attend the Pope, and, arrange some diffeiences between tbem and the Vicar General of their own order. Upon his arrival at Rome, the pomp and prodigality, which reigned in the Papal Court, excited his astonishment, while his mind revolted from the indecorum and licent'ousness which prevailed airiong the Clergy. While at Rome he several times said Mass himself, and went through the services with the seriousness which the truly devout mind engages in ali the services of religion. On these occasions the Italian Priests laughed at the simplicity of the German Monk, who appeared to be a believer in earnest; and they: even called upon him to hasten the service, saying, ' Quick, quick, send our lady her son back speedily.' " Upon all occasions throughout his after life, he af firmed that the scenes he witnessed in this journey had filled him with horror and amazement." The doctrine of indigencies still taught by the Church of Rome must be looked upon by every truly enlightened mind as one of the greatest errors vvhich exists in that Church, while every true Christian will pity those deluded individuals who place confidence in it. The effect produced on a mind partially enlighten ed is clearly shown in the following paragraph, p. 29: "One day, wishing to obtain an indulgence pro mised by the Pope to any who should ascend Ptfaters staircase on his knees, the poor Saxon monk was slowly clambering the steps which he was told had been mi raculously transported from Jerusalem to Rome While he was going through this work, to which his only par- -tiaHy enlightened mind ascribed some degree of merit, the words ' 7 he just shall live by faith ' were applied with great light and power to bis inmost soul. He was struck with shame at hrs own superstition and debase ment, started up and fled from the scene of his folly; leaving rhe work unfinished; Bnt the impression re mained. He saw more clearly than ever that the be lieved Gospel was the power of God to actiial salvation, to pardon, peace, and holiness." In the month of October, 1512, by desire and at the expense of the. Elector Frederic, Lather Was invested with the degree of Doctorof Divinity, In the year 1516 ' he acted as Vicar of the Augustine fratferriity in Thu- ringia and Misnia- We are now approaching the most important period in the life of Luther, viz : the era of the Reformation. As the Roman Catholic laity in this place are quire un acquainted with the events of those times, and the state of.theirown Church which produced that reform ; as the character of Luther has been villifipd, and his mo-ives and conduct misrepresented to suit the vjews and pur pose of the .Romish Church ; as many of our Protestant brethren have not paid much attention to this subject, we shall endeavour to give a clear and circumstantial account of theiglorious Reformation Leo the tenth, Pope of Rome, desirous of seeing the splendid Church of St. Peter's finished; was no: content with merely authorizing the sale of indulgences, he let out the different countries of Europe to the highest bidder, receiving the money beforehand, for the exclu sive right to dispose of those dispensations. Albert, Archbishop of Magdeburg, had contracted for the sale of indulgences in Germany. With the approbation of Leo lie nomioAa$ ((Commissaries two Dominican Friars, Acg»ynHhancF jo|inelzel. It would have been difficuli/VMwat' age, when the depravity of the Clergy to have selected two worse specimens of tW Romish priesthood than these men. Tetzel had bsrsome years previously found guilty of adultery, and"sentenced to be thrown into the river Iun, and was reprieved only at the intercession of the Elector Frederic. Tetzel had been forbidden by the Electors of Saxony, who were indignant at his shameful traffic, to enter their dominions, he Came, however, as near as he could within four miles of Wittenberg. The people flocked there in great cmvds, and the matter was soon brought before Luther in a practical form. Several residents of Wittenberg presented themselves at the Confessional, confessed that they had been guilty of great irregularities ; but to the exhortations of the Con. lessor they replied by pleading the indulgence they had purchased. Many of those who had purchased them returned to Tetzel, and told liim that an Augustine Monk had been warning them against his letters. Tet zel was enraged, and from the pulpit declared that he was ordered by the Pope to burn the heretics who should dare to oppose those indulgences. Lather, deeply affected by the demoralizing effects likely to flow from the sale of indulgences resolved to have recourse to decisive measures to stop so iniquitous a practice, he wrote to the Bishop of the Diocese and to the Arch bishop of Muntz, entreating them to put a stop to it. Finding that these letters produced noeffect he ascended the pulpit, and with great fidelity warned his people against trusting in them. This discourse, which was printed, produced a great effect. Tetzel still continued his traffic and abuse, and this led to the first act of the Reformation. On the 31st of October, 1517, Luther affixed to the door of the Church, built by the Elector, ninety fi ve theses, or propositions, against indulgences; thus, in the usual way, chailengirig discussion on the subject. It is very difficult to make the ignorant portion of the Roman Catholic population believe that the sale of indulgences; that is, a commission to commit Crimes, has ever been allowed by their Church ; but tlie laet is too well attested to be gainsayed. The Church of St. Peter's distinguished for its elegance arid grandeur stands at Rome a lasting monument of the aw fully deluded state of the Catholic Church when Luiher first denounced the sale of indulgences Luther did not suppose that by attacking indrilgences, lie was attacking the Pope, for he added at the end of the paper referred to, that he did not wish to say or affirm any tiling that was not founded on the Holy Scriptures, the Fathers of the Church, and the rights and decretals of tire Church of Rome; but he went into this controversy by mere accident, seeking to remedy a present evil, firmly resolved to follow ihe truth whiihersoever it might lead him. " All the propositions," says the author of the work under review, " were characterized by extra ordinary ability, but the must pungent is the one in which he declares that as to the building of St. Peter's, the Pope who was richer than the richest Crmsas," dould if he pleased, finish it with his own funds; but that even if he bad not the means of completing the Church, it would be far better to Sell it. as it stood, or to burn the whole pile to the ground than to build it np witli the blood and substance of the poor: to be continued 