SENSATIONS OP STARVING. I have never yet seen a treatise or'rfissertation upon starving to death—i can speak feelingly of nearly every stage except the last. For the first two days through which a strong and healthy man is doomed , to exist upon nothing, biB sufferings are perhaps more acute than in the remaining stages he feels an inordinate, unappeasable craving at the stomach, night and day. The mind runs upon beef, bread, and other substantias ; but still, in a great measure, the body retains its strength. On the third and fourth days, but especially on the fourth, this incessant craving gives place to a sinking and weak ness uf the stomach, accompanied by a nausea. The unfortunate suffer still desires food, but with loss of 6treng<h he loses that eager craving which is felt in the earlier stages. Should he chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, as was occasionally the case with us, he swallows it with a wolfish avidity; but five minutes afterward his sufferings are more intense than ever. He feels as if he had swallowed a living lobster, which is crawlina and feeding upon the very foundation of his existence. On the fifth day his cheeks suddenly appear hollow and sunken, his body attenuated, his colour an ashy pale, and his eye wild, glassy, eannibalish. The different parts of the system now war with each other. The stomach calls upon the legs to go with it in quest of food; the legs, from very weakness, refuse. The sixth day brings with it increased sufferings,'although the pangs of hunger are lo.-t in an overpowering langour and sickness. - The head becomes giddy—' the ghosts of well remembered dianers pass in h.deous procession through the mind. The seventh day comes, bringing increased lassitude and further pros tration of strength. The arms hang listlessly, the legs drag heavily. The desire for food is still left, to a degree, but it must be brought, not sought. The miserable remnant of life which still hangs to the sufferer is a burden almost too grevious to be borne; yet his inherent love of existence induces a desire still to preserve it, if it can be saved without a tax -upon bodily exertion. The mind wanders. - At one moment he thinks his weary limbs cannot sustain him a mile—the'next, he is endowed with unnatural strength, and if there be a certainty of relief before him, he dashes bravely and strongly on ward, wondering: whence proceeds this new and 8 ad den impulse. -Kendal?$ Natratiae ef the Teuton Santa Fi Expedition, 