ENGLAND, SENGLIsi News.--A=Aletter has been receivetl, datedo .London. November 28, per overlanid ?mail 'via :Bombay. The only'newst wvorth extracting is, that"' trade was brisk and flourishing througliout England." - Sydney Herald. -, -Th'e Archipelago is infested with pirates to such a'degree, that even King Otho's cutter yacht has been plundered, and every soul on board butchered. Hamburg is progressing daily; new streets continue to be marked out, and new buildings arise so rapidly that it is necessary to perambulate the city frr. quently to keep one's topographical knowledge. One hundred shares in the Thames Tunnel, upon which, 50 each have been paid'up, amounting to £5,000, were sold the other day to n'an extensive share holder in' the u?ndertalking, at the ee cessively low:pri e of 6s per £50 share, realizang only .£30, being. £4,970. less than: had beee paid for them. The Presse annonuces: the departure. of the Duke of Gluckburgh from Paris` for Morocco, 'carrying with him the' treaty of' peace concluded between France and Morocco by the King of the Frech. Five waggons, three of which were laden with suon thread, and the other two with coffee, were totally consumed by fire on the Rouen railroad last week. This calamity is attributed to some sparks of coke which had escaped from the chimney. The loss is estimated at £40,000. COST OF CONDUCTING A REVIEW?. In a correspondence on the subject of a Life of Oliver Cromwell, by the late Mr Southey. Mr Murray, the bookseller, states that at least £90 000 have been paid to authors for the copyright alone of articles furnished to the Quarterly Review. The Paris papers state that the loan of 300 million francs has been contracted for by Messrs Rothschild, in the Three per Cents. At Ballinasloe fair last week, from 50,000 to 60,000 sheep were exposed for sale, the .advance in the price of some descriptions being from 4, to 6s,. ;'here was much inquiry after wool, and the holders declined selling without an advance. The Papal Government has rejected the proposition of an English Company to construct a railroad between Civita Vecchia and, Rome. It is only of late years that a diligence has been allowed to ply in the Papal States: a railroad, therefore, would seem to be a stop in advance reserved for another age. A DEAD FORBST'IN THE OREGON COUNTRY.-A letter in the St Louis print, entitled The Reville, gives the following account of a scene beheld by the writer on a ridge of the Wind River Mountains:--, On the eighth morning of our journey homeward, two of us left the camp, in company with Jo Pourter, making toward a near ridge of the Wind River Mountains in search of buffalo, which we hoped to find in the wild and secluded valley of Pope Alige. The Pope Alige isa current of bright mountain water, winding thougha deep narrow, grassy, valley, that cleaves the granite hills of Oregon in that region bordering the M1andon district. The morning was bitter cold, although the 24th of Angust, and a pelting rain soon after our starting came down upon us from the (lark and comfortless sky. About mid.day, after passing here and there a few straggiing hulls, we found it would be necvssary to mount the ridge, and look for cows on the other side, as no fair sign of the right game had yet appeared. Accordingly, we scrambled upwards, and with great labour at length reached the summit. A scene here opened upon us such as we had never before conceived, and per haps quite impossible to convey in de scription. Thick forests covered the mountain, half tie trees standing, hb.lf of them prostrate, and every one dead. Not a particle of bark remained among all these ghost-like remnants of a gigan tic but now blasted and extinct vegeta tion. T'he huge rocks were swept bare of earth by the violent wind from which this chain takes its name. Nothing met the eye in any direction but naked and blasted trees. A feeling of intense awe chilled through our veins, and crept into our hearts as we gazed round upon a scene that forced into the mind a new and vast conception in sublimity I Big rain drops were still heating against us with the force of hailacones, as they were driven almost horizontally across the big mountain top by the screaming wind. '[he tall pines, leafless, bark less, and branchless, stool in gaping clefts and fissures, pointing their spires into the sky, like ghostly fingers up. braiding their destroyer. Many were pulpy with rottenness, though still standing, upheld by the firm twining of their roots among the rocks. l'huss that had fallen seemed as though they had crumbned to their descent without a crash, so silent was everything, ex:ept the fierce wind, to which the white spectres appeared listening in desolate grandeur as it flew over: the mountain." RIGHT OF OPINION — A Dutch judge, in a case before him, in which the right of opinion was brought in question. It was argued for the party whose right was questioned, that in this country (America) every man has a right freely to express his opinions. To this the judge replied, with great complacency, " O yah ! Every man haf a right , by the law, in this free Republic, to dink for himself, provided he dinks with the court."--M. Dullie's Speech. 