Extracts. I Letiua Elizabeth Landon — Tins lady, generally 1 known as 4 L. E. L.' in consequence of having pu. - lished with her initials only, has attained an emineni place among the female poets of our age. Her earlief t compositions were Poetical Sketches, which appeared in the Literary liazeue : aiierwuias (luzu; sue puousoeu j the ' Improvisatrice, which was followed by i wo more volumes of poetry. She also contributed largely to magazines aud annuals, and was the authoress ol a novel entitled Romance and Reality. From a publication ol her Life and Literary Remains , edited by Mr. L. Blancha'd, it appears that her history wis in the main a painful one ; and yet it is also asset led that the melan choly of her verses was a complete contrast to the j vivacity and playfulness of Iter manner in private life j She was born at Hans Place, €helsea, 1802, the daugh ter of Mr. Landon, a partner in the house of Adairs, army agents. Lively, susceptible, and romantic, sh- j early commenced willing poetry-. The liiendship o 1 Mr. Jorden, of the Literary Gazette, facilitated her introduction to ihe world of letters, but it also gave rise I to some -reports injurious to her character, winch causeo iter the most exquisite pain. Her father died, and sIk not only raiiutaiued iierself,but assisted her relations by her literary labours, which she never relaxed for a moment. In 1838 she was married to Mr. George Maclean, governor of Cape Coast casrle, and shortly | afterwards sailed for Cape-Coast with her husband. , She landed there in August, and was resuming hei literary engagemsots in he." solitary African home, when ne morning, after w riting the previous night some cheer ful and affectionate letters to her friends in England, she was (October 46th,.)- found dead in her room, lying close to the door, having in her 'hand a boitle which had con lained prussic acid, a -portion ot which she had taken . From the investigation which took place into the cir cumstances of this melancholy event, it was conjecture'! that she had undesignedly taken an over-dose ot the fatal medicine as a relief from spasms in the stomach. Hating surmounted her early difficulties, and -achieved an easy competence and daily extending reputation, much might ha«e been expected from the genius of L. E. -L., 'had not her life been thus prematurely terminated. Printers. — No trade /(says the Portland Tribune) sends into the woild smarter and more active men than that of printing. Look to offices of trust and honour- where talent and energy are required— and you. will be. inost-'likely to see them 'filled by printers. Who make our best editors, lawyers, /preachers, mayors, and con gressmen? Printers. Printing is a glorious business, thus to-fit men for houour and usefulness. A college education is not to be compared with an education at the case One of the greatest lawyers England -ever produced was a printer. The greatest philosopher of America was a printer. Who is the mayor of London? A printer. Who are the mayors ot Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Perth ? So are also the mayors of New York, Wash - ington, and Savannah, printers by trade. The recent mayor of Boston was a printer. There are something like a dozen printers in Congress — all of them honours to their profession. Printers are looking up. Who | wouldn't be a /printer? To -the young apprentices at the I case, or the roller stand, with smutty laces, or dirty fingers, we would say, don't be discouraged. A lew years ago all the distinguished men we have named above were similarly em played. Stick to your business, | and every leisure hour you have, employ in the perusal i of useful books, and in the cultivation of your minds — | then the day will not be far distant when, if you are true to yourselves, and contract no bad habits, you will become useful and honourable citizens— exerting a wide and healthful influence. An Imaginary PhantoXi. — A young lady, known to the present wriier, was terrified, one night, by seeing at the foot of her bed a tall shadow making perpetual obeisances. Though it was quite natural that beauty should be in the receipt of ho. ..age, the damsel, accus tomed to adulation at other times, was alarmed by such intrusion at " the dead waste and middle of the night." Hiding her headmnder the bed cloihes, she summoned her scattered spirits, took counsel within herself, and having recovered her presence of mind, looked with a scrutinising eye at the phantom. There it was-'sti.l making salaams according to the -Eastern mode of adora tion. ' A figure of the other world !" thought she. 'Dreadful!" How far she might have -blamed her attractions for bringing such an unwelcome visitant, no one can tell ; but her self-possession had acquired strength; and self possession is fatal to ghosts, whether their advent be to worship or terrify. She arose, wcr.t to the window, and detected the 44 cause of the effect." Her house was on the border of a suburban by-lane, and a gas lamp standing there had projected into the room a shadow of an intermediate tree, whose branches s waved in the night breeze. She took care afterwards to close the shutters.— AinswottKs Magazine. The Polka.—44 What is the P. lka? The Polka was originally a war dance. 41 Polk" or 44 Pulk," is the name of a regiment of Cossacks, and is an old Scy thian word, originally applied to a tiibe. It therefore included both the male and female members of a nama- dic horde. This derivation accounts, therefore for those remarkable features of the Polka, which distinguish it from every otherdance. The spurs, the tapping of the ground with the heel, flourishing'a battle axe in the air, and other gestures of a warlike nature, are all the accom paniments of the -Polka, when danced by the Servians, among whom it was first observed ; though, subsequent ly, inquiries have found it equally practised in Hungarj and Bohemia. It is also" danced in Russia and ail paits of Germany. Runaway Matches.— A farmer was giving Mr. Sct>u;,(Lprd Eldon) instructions in an action against a young fellow who had run away with his daughler— 44 Mind, Lawyer Scott;'- said he, 44 you are to say, that the man who runs away with a man's daughter is a rascal and a villain, and deserves to be hanged." 44 No, no, I cannot say that,"— 4 Aud why not?— why can't you say that?" 44 Because I did it myself ; but I tell you what I will say, and say it from my .heart ; I will say that the man who begins domestic life by a breach of domestic duty, is double bound to render both the lady and her family happy iu after life. That I will say, lor 1 feel it." Persuasives to Matrimony.— 44 You ought to marry." 4 Never." 44 1 know a good girl for you." « I oi me alnnp." 44 She is vounB." 44 Then she is sly." 44 Beautiful." 44 The more dangerous." 44 Of good family." 44 Then she is proud." 44 Tender hearted." 44 Then she is jealous." 44 She has talents." " To kill me " 44 And one hundred thousand dollars," 44 -Iwill take her." Echo Outdone — /-I know a . lady, says Congreve, who talks so incessantly, that she won't give an echo a fair play; she hath that everlasting rotation of tongue, that an echo must Wait till she dies before it can catch her last word. PrDWEDcc!-.4! ilTv son. remember that vourchaTacter ought to shine brighter than your boots." 44 Suppose 'I blacken it then, father." " Are the grouse sitting close to-day.?" was the in quiry of a sportsman from the Lammermoor shepherd. ' Uncommon close, sir; I have not seen one for a week," was the consoling reply. -A Smart Retort. -The following cut dire<$\s from a pen of the celebrated Sheridan. Lord Erskine declared to a large party, in which Lady Erskine and Mr. Shen dan was present, thai 44 a wife was only a tin canister tied to one's taii upon which Sheridan presented -Lady Erskine wirii these lines ; — : Lord E skine at women presuming to rail, Calls a wife a 44 tin canister tied to one s tall. And fair Lady Ani'e, while the subject he carries on, Seems hurt at his Lordship's degraded comparison. But wherefore degrading? considered aright, A cannister's polished, and useful and bright And should dirt its original purity hide, That's the fault of the puppy to whom it is tied. Whale's Milk.— Dieffenbach's remark is applicable to the sperm as well as the right whale-: 44 It is not known in what posiiiou the cow suckles the calf : the teats, which are two in number, are abdominal, and sit uated between the membranaceous folds oo both sides of the genitals organs. I was astonished to find them so small. In a female, whose mammae were full of fat milk, resembling cow milk in taste, the teats were not larger than those of a cow." The milk is supposed to be very rich. Jn the one which was taken near Berkely with its young one, the milk was tasted by Mr. Jem.er and Mr. Ludlow. By their account it had the richness of cow?s milk to which cream had been added. The act of suckling 'has not been seen, and, from the necessity of the calf being placed in a position in which U wuhP. it is difficult to determine the manner W'u 7 .. in- which it is done.- —Simmond's Colonial Magazine. Reason never shows itself more reasonably, than when t ceases to reason about those things, ;which are aboie <>-asoiK 