'THE MORNING CHRONICLE. SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 1845. TAHITI.-THE AUSTRALIAN. "THE Australian of Thursday has a long .article about Tahiti, and the bloody usurp ers the French, and the Chronicle, made up of such a tissue of scurrilous language, ignorance of well-known facts, .and gross misstatements, that we should not have taken the smallest notice of it, but that already publications and speeches in the same spirit have, as we have reason to know, given offence to the French, and 'they have deserted Sydney to spend their money elsewhere, for supplies for their ves sels and troops in the Pacific. Dean Swift said he had never met three good liars in his life: we cannot say we have even met one. Certainly the Austra lian is not to be classed as such; for (like 'Palstaff's) "his lies are gross as a mountain, open, palpable :" e.g. "Both islands," he says, (i. e. Tahiti and New Zealand), "were discovered by the British." Now, if the ,confident writer had completed his geogra phical education, he would have known that New Zealand was discovered by Tasman, a Dutch navigator, on the 13th December, 1642, so that it was he, and not Captain Cook, who first hoisted a flag upon it. Again he says, " We feel confident, if the conduct of the French at Tahiti had led to a.war, it would have been as popular in England as the one undertaken against the "same nation when the Parisians beheaded Louis XVI. and Maria Antoinette (the last without any plausible pretence), and guil lotined every nobleman and priest they could lay their hands on. It is such a nation as :this, however, that one-third of the Queen's subjects in New South Wales hurra on their bloody usurpation at Tahiti;--and why? Simply because they are virtually the reli gious emissaries of the 'Catholic Queen of France I The true, real, secret spirit of Romanism is here exhibited to the public gaze. Protestants of New South Wales I beware henceforth of the politics of your Roman Catholic brethren; their professions of loyalty to Victoria are as heartless as their contempt and cruelty to Pomare are cordial; depend upon it they are not to be trusted, that is, if the Chronicle be their accredited mouth-piece," &c.; After reading this delicate morceau, we -fancy our readers will agree with Dean Swift, that though liars are "n~ plenty as blackberries," good ones are scarce. The Australian feels confident that a war on' behalf of the profitable trade of a set of pedlar preachers in Tahiti, (for every Mis sionary or his son keeps a store), and a bare-legged, half-naked aborigine, whom they call Queen, and her prime minister and master, Mr. Pritchard, the quondam pork butcher, generaldealer, would be as popular in England as the French Revolutionary war in 1793 What a far-seeing states man l What a political prophet have not the readers of the Australian got to guide their opinions I What a lamp of knowledge to the fourth estate!. Of course, if Dr. Priestley were to return to life his house siouldbe again burnt in 1845, as in 1791 by the Birmingham mob, for expressing opinions favourable to human liberty ! In 1793, England, with a full Exchequer, and great commercial prosperity, backed by '500,000 Austrian and Prussian bayonets, attacked France in a state of revolution, disorganization, weakness, without money, or t oops, or a general whom she could 'trust, and yet England had to wage a bloody, doubtful, and desperate war of twenty-two years, during which her very existence asSa nation had been more than once perilled, before a lucky chance--a hard Russian frost erabled her to emerge from it, saddled with a debt of £800,000,000 sterling. Yet, with these facts before the publiemind, the Australian tells us thatanew war with the formidable and tremendous power of France on account of Tahiti, and Mr. Pritchard, and Queen Pomare, would .be as popular as that in 17931 If the sword were once drawn, and war with France declared, we should like to know what would be the price of the three per cents in a week? Can the Australian wizard tell us? 'Yes, doubtless, such a war would be popular. John Bull has taken a great fancy to loans, and scrip, and om nium, and especially to the income tax I The Australian says one third of the in habitants of New South Wales are religious emissaries of the Queen of France, why until now we thought it was the Pope, or the College do Propaganda, or at least the iesuits, who sent out religious emissaries; we thought also that in France, in virtue of the Sali: law, a female cannot reign nor possess power in any case, still less if married; but according to the Australian the Queen of France has 50 or 60,000 emissaries in New South Wales I We should like to see the credentials of some of them, or the Queen's Bull giving them power to teach in her name: perhaps the Australian thinks the Queen of France wears the 0*** the Australian talks of £50,000 having been paid to the missionaries in Tahiti in 40 years, we believe the sum to have been double at least ; the danger of the stoppage of which is the real gravamen of these mis sionary-trader gentlemen, hine ills lachry rne. ,The King of the French or his ministers are not hostile to Protestants, they allow. to Protestant clergymen in France one half more than they do to Catholic priests; Monsieur Guizot the prime minis ter is a Protestant, so that it is not persecu tion theyfear, their dread is of the light that will be let in on their doings, they wish nobody to see Tahiti but themselves, or to hear of it except through their " Annual Reports" to Exeter Hall; why should they thus hate the light ? why thus love dark ness? The Australian will find the reply in Scripture. Thierfear is, lest their reports of their astonishing apostolic labours will no longer extract from the Exeter Hall contributors an equal sum annually as in the golden days of old: they fear returning to labour again. One cannot help smiliig at the gravity with which the Australian- speaks of th.e " Tahitian Government," "the Tahitian throne," "libels on the Tahitian monarch," &c.; while every man who has been at Tahiti, knows that " Queen" Pomare's " throne" is commonly the bare earth on which she squats, like the rest of her race; her crown mostly a greasy night cap ; her royal robe a faded calico gown, and her sceptre a tobacco pipe, when not in her mouth. We do not choose to repeat what every body that -ever visited Tahiti must have heard of her virluc ; nor shall we repeat the stories of the services for the performance of which she hires out her female attendants to the -sea captains, officers, and sailors. We omit all these, though we may possibly ere long give a few anecdotes respecting the court and royal practices of Queen Pomare and her maids of honour. We really must apologize to our readers for spending so many words upon such an article as that in the Australian. As to his attack upon the Chronicle, we regard it as a compliment ; it is telling us that the blows we inflicted on a set of charlatans traders in religion, who give the holiest names to a low and sordid traffic, have told. " I never think," says Johnson, " that I have hit hard unless it rebounds." Per haps, however, we ought to be more cha ritable; for we recollect that as fame can never hold her hundred tongues, she has been babbling amongst other things, that the Australian has a chance of visiting the "bourne from whence no traveller returns." Of this we know nothing ; but should it be so, we cannot blame the poor fellow thus to show pluck, and endeavour to move the inmost soul of his admiring party that they may sustain so bold a champion by the sine qua non- the sinews of all wars. At all events, and au pis aller should the Australian yield up the ghost, the very least hispatrons can do, is to offer so strenuous an advocate a respectable tub, from which to pour forth vengeful warn ings against Popery and the bloody French men at Tahiti, not cfrgetting the Queen of France, who sends out 50,000 of her dis ciples to Australia. 