DUBLIN UNIVERSITY MAGAZINE. The opening article is entitled "Tales of the Trains ; or Railroad Romance." This chapter is highly amusing, and will be much relished by railway travellers. The second article is a review ol Mr. McNevin's work on "The Leading State Trials of Ireland." The author of this article is a true friend of the Government proceedings against the traversers, and, of course, his views are antagonist to Mr. McNevin's. The review is deci- dedly able, and makes the best defence possible of a very bad cause. We approve not of all the views of Mr. McNevin. In not a few cases truth lies between them and those of the reviewer. The article, however, is worthy of the mies lion of all classes, and must render this number extensively sought after m Ire land. Following "The State Trials," we have a long and amuriiig article on "The Night Mare." To those not fa voured vrilh visits of this said nightm ire, ilia following accounts of tt may prove interesting : — " There is one point, however, which seams to tell stariingly for the aucimt or objective side of the question. After tho visitation, it is not uncommon to find the place upon which the monster Lad appeared to sit, swollen and dis coloured, sometimes even vicariated und bleeding, presenting, in -slurt, every appearance of having been subjected to j the pressure of a bruising or galling weight ; nay. in some cases, the im pression of tho vcy form of the demon, as seen by the sufferer in his dream (iho print of feet, the indenture of haunches, Ac.) hat been plainly visible on the skin. Doctor van DutTcll.or Drutfcl — we have cen iha name utittea both ways— is our authority on this point. Here is what he says: — " In a hall- waking or intoriomniaus condition, you behold a monster of some kind, a goblin, ti fiery horse, a wild gigantic man, glide slowly towards you. This apparition sits itself on the pit ol wAnr nml messes YOU with such J V - - ....... , , y , a crushing weight, that you can neither j brealhu not move a linib. Alter the j affection arc often to be seen livid marks j (tugillalionts), some affirm nctuil im- i ptciiiotii of tho figure of the goblin or j tuonstcr, on the place where it sat.' i " And Doctor Ennem.ner also speaks j of the same thing as matter o( long el j pcritiice and notoriety. | " Nor, however it scents to clash with J received noti-ms «l spiritual rvtences, j are we without evidence cl the pomr ot other spirits than the nightm ire, to leave on the human boJy material traces cl their operation. Ldfbopp, a writer, every way worthy of credit, rays : — " ' A cettaiu peisoD stw a spectre lay hold of hire, and, after th« tints was vanished, Its yet felt in the part so Utd hold ol a pain which lusted many days: in other such cases also Inivo swellings and other marks of lesion been observed.' ' And the same writer further re marks : — " It is not easy to reason n person who lias had Biich no cxpcricnco out of tho belief in a preternatural agency, seeing lie can in no other way explain to himself the fixed pain and the swel- hng." _ " ' You prove to him that it is impos sible, hut his pinches testify, in legible black and blue, us well as in very intel ligible tinglings, that, possible or not, it is n fact, " And Doctor van Druffcl, or Duffel, already cited, depones m the herhn Lc- clesiailicul Journal, and says : — " ' I myself know n person who nffirnts that a ghost, which lie was com pelled to carry s ime distance on his shoulders, in broad daylight, left livid blue marks, ns of bruises, on the parts which its buttocks had pressed, which marks lie also afterwards shewed me and toothers. Now," proceeds tho doctor, ' ns to these singulations, which the nightmare produces, I can appeal for the truth of them to known experience. It by no means follows, however, that a veritable, objectively present spirit lias produced these bruises. We may with confidence assume, that the pli nitasy, excited to n magical activity , through I lie local afflux of blood, fitsl subtrudes a goblin as cause, ami llien, by a like magical ic-arlion, cllecls an extrava sation ol blood In the part subjected to preisuic.' " Our readers will not be anxious (or such visits ; a knowledge of them, how ever, riruy be useful, as to be fuicw.trned is to be forearmed. The " Claims of Labour" are next discussed, and, on ll.o whole, Willi n fairness and candour cre ditable to the writer. Such an article goes far to correct an impression now pretty general, that high Conservative politics tiro essentially connected with tyranny nml oppression in trade and bu siness. Wo commend this article to the attention of nil chn 