Varieties. Very Uncomfortable !-What an un comfortable Situation ! A seat on th sofa between two beautiful girls-on with black eyes, jet ringlets, and sno v neck- the other with soft blue eyes sunny ringlets; red cheeks and lips --bot! laughing and talking to you at the santi time J . Rather more than seven years ago, i light-fingered Irishman, named Sweeny was convicted of stealing a box of tinned plates from a ship in one of the Liver, pool docks. On his conviction he wat sentenced to seven years transportation , which punishment was duly inflicted. A few days ago he again made his ap pearance in this town, and one of the first places he visited was the office ol the firm to whom the tinned plates had belonged. Neither of the principals were within, but he at once proceeded to introduce himself as Mr. Sweeney, the gentleman who had suffered for ap propriating the tinned plates. He said that his visit to Australia had not been either disagreeable or unprofitable ; that he had soon obtained by good conduct a ticket, and a good place as gardener, in which he had saved money. Having now fulfilled all his obligations to the law, he had returned home and deter mined lo claim his rights, among which was the box of tinned plates for which he had been sent to Botany Bay. This he considered clearly bis own, and begg« ed that it might be given up to him. We need scarcely say that Mr. Swee ny's request threw the whole office into a roar. The clerks not feeling them selves competent to decide on so curious a claim in the absence of their employers -begged that the gentleman would call again, which he promised to do, though he has not yet fulfilled bis promise. LIVERPOOL CHRONICLE. conducted with spirit or interest ; íf riiejr are neg'-¡gent in^heir payment, the editor's ambition is brokçn down ; he works at a thankless and unprofitable ia»fe ; he becomes discouraged and careless ; his paper loses its pith and interest, and'dies. Sutton the: contrary, if Ifis subscribers are of the right sort; if they are punctual, liberal hearted fellows,; always in advance in the sub scription list ; taking an interest in in creasing the number of his subscribers ; now and then speaking a good word for his paper ; cheering him on his course by smiles of approbation ; with such subscribers as these I would forswear comfort, ease, leisure,--every thing that could possibly step between me and the gratification of eveiy laudable desire on their part ; I would know no other plea sure than their satisfaction. How much, then can the supporters of a newspaper do to make it interesting and respecta: ble ; indeed, without concurring efforts on their part, the publisher of a news: paper will not, cannot bestow the atten: tion which is necessary to make it what it should be.-'VINDICATOR. T«B MtLtentre tsipos-rùtit.-?(Rxtract of s Letter from Philadelphia, dated Oat. Si ) " Portions of the population of ali the larg« eastern cities of this country have been moro or less' tho victims of a singular and fanatical de lusion. They call themselves Millerites, and ' implicitly believe the delirious and impious ra vings of one Miller, who had prophesied that the "Second Advent' would certainly occur on the 23rd instant., when this fair- globe would be des troyed by conflagration ! Here in Baltimore, and in Boston. the civil authorities have been compelled to close their churches by force in consequence of hundreds of them having assem bled and thrown the neighbourhood into wild alarm, by their yelling, and howling cries and fomentations. On the evening of the 2¿nd inst, many hundred« of these craty people repaired to, camps near this city, attired in long white cotton dresses, which they called their ' ascension robes,'and were seen wandering through the woods and on the banks of the rivers by moon light, like sheeted ghosts. They left their busi ness and their families, and many children would have perished had it not been for the kindness of their fellow-citizens. For days this flame of dangerous superstition and enthusiasm spread like wild fire. There was no stopping it. In two or three instances the victims anticipated the end of the world by suicide; one named Culp threw himself into the cataract of Niagara ; and now that the day has passed over, m my are found to be (incurably perhaps} delirous. 'tacit scenes as I have alluded .to have not, pro bably, ocourred for centuries, and Í hope that centuries will again, toll away before such me lancholy evidences bf tba weakness of human nature, and thé distress Which invariably attend» them, will harrow up the feelings." Tris Nos RÉSIDENT RESIDENT.-(5ni . i> Piuc TICE)-*' f remember a case in the Exchequer -upon a motion for a new trial I think. A. clergyman, with a amati orno family, lived in a large roomy parsonage house. An Attorney in. the pariah, who bada large family, lived ina bouse BO email as to be inconvenient for that family, The attorney proposed to tbe clergy man to change houses,, and tba attorney to par (he clergyman a yearly rental of several pound« ¡n consideration of his residence in the larger andmore valuable house. The year expired, and the attorney hot offering tb pay the rent, the clergyman applied to bim for it ; upon which the attorney insisted that thin was a most un reasonable dermod, as he had brought an action against the clergyman for eleven penalties, 1 think of ten pounds each, for non-residence ia the parsonage-house, the law then not deeming a clergyman's residence, though in the parish, le gal residence, if be did not live in the parsonage house. I remember liaron Eyre said it was the most abominable and impudent transaction he ever remembered, but that tte clergyman could I have no relief."-Lira o* Loan ELDO*. AN lat sn GIANTESS.-A few days since, i hare died near trissadell, about four miles'from Sligo, an extraordinary character, well known in the principal towna and villages of the west and north of Ireland, as an oyster carrier. Her pro* per name was Molly Carrey, but she was better known by an Irish word, expressing the opinions usually forfeed bf her sex. She was ia truth an Irish giantess, being six feet eight inches high, and possesing extraordinary strength. Her usual dress was a petticoat, over which abe wore a vest and ooat the same as a man, and invariably had her head covered with a I handkerchief. She wore blue stockings, and brogues of the largest aise ; her voice waa coar ser than that of any man. When faction fights were common in faire, whatevet aidé Molly joined was sure tb conquer, aa none could ataúd before her. She baa been known to re-take potteen from a whole party of revenue police knocking down every man that opposed her. She was about 76 years of age, and was very fond of whiskey, wbiobBhe frequently drank lo .xcess.-Sligo Journal. WINDSOR :-Printed and Published by G. A. Eagar, at the Oßke of THE HAWKESBURY COURIER, George street. MAY 15, 1845. 