THE CHIMES. A GOBLIN BTOllY, BY CUARLKS DICKENS. I (Continued from June 13.)' Poor Trotty 1 lie was doomed to see in tlie baronet and bis lady affected be nevolence nnd self-satisfied, vain-glorious but assumed philautropliy in two oilier aspects. Tbe heavy porler ordered Toby as u was uie msi iiuy ui the year, to lake the letter himself. Lady Bowlev a lately woman, and the baronei, n lutle 1st, pompous gentleman, had come to town for the exptess purpose of settling nil llieir accounls, und tlieir secretury, or clerk, Mr. Fish, s»t with tliem. Toby entered, gave the letter, and told who it was from. Before it was opened tlie baronet said : '"You have no bill or demand upon me, my name is Bowley, Sir Joseph Emvlty, of any kind, -from uny body, have you ?' said Sir Joseph, « If y,)U' have, present it. There is a cheque book by the side of Mr. Fish. 1 allow nothing to be carried into the new year. Every description ol account in this house at the close of the old one.' " The baronet was even more fond of n li'le which he assumes,, or ' the poor man's friend,' than ol his punctuality in discharging his accounls, and he ex pired at great length and with much self complacency on his paternal kind ness to this tenants. Lady Bowley was a supporter of charities, but she doubted whether she would let the five pounds which Fish was about to enclose go for ward, as the charity in question was, as she expressed, ' so very dear,' only allow ing two votes for a five pound subscrip tion. As to the baronet, lie grew warmv in commendation ol himself as the friend ol the poor; so far, at least, as his best advice was. concerned. lie would be a_. lather to tliem, and llieo he turned to the baronet's letter. '"Very polite and attentive. 1 am sure,' exclaimed Sir Joseph. 4 My lady, the alderman is so obliging as to remind me that he lias had ' the distinguished lionot',, lie is very good, of meeting me it the house of our mutual friend Deedles the banket; and lie does me favour to enquire whether it will be agreeable to ine to have Will Fern put down/ '"Most agreeable,', said my Lady Bowley, 'The worst man among tliem I Jlu has been committing a robbery, I hope?' ' " ' Why no,' said Sir Joseph, referring jo the letter. Not quite. Very near, hot quite. IIo came up to London, it seems to look for employment, (trying lo belter himself, Hint's bis story), and, being found at night asleep in u shed, was taken into custody, nndcajried next morning before the alderman, who ob serves (very propetly), that he is deter- mined to put this sort of thing down; and that, it it will be agreeable lo me to a\e litis Will Fern put down, he will be happy to begin with him.' t "iiCt '''ln u,ade nn example of by all means,' relumed the lady. ' Last year, when I introduced pinking and cjelct-holing among the men and boys ln "ie iHage, as a nice evening employ ment, and bad the lines ' St ' 'et us 'ove our ectipatiotn, Blew the squire and Ids relations, s VB U/,on our daily rations, And nfways know our proper stations." ®t to music, on the new system, for '(em to sing to, while this very Fern, sec htm now, touched that hat of his and said, ' 1 humbly ask your pardon, my lady, but an't I something different i o great girl?" I expected it, ol course ; who cun expect anything but msolcnce nnd ingratitude from that class n people? That .is not to the purpose oTh"' 'r l'ose')'1 ma'£e an example ,.Si' Joseph wanted no persuasion, so j r. Pish wrote a letter, at his dictation, milking the Alderman for iiis courtesy, eclating that he lititl been u friend und atlier i0 William Fern, but bad been cpaid (a common case he grieved to aj J by ingratitude and constant oppo sition to big plans. His committal, ierefore( would be a service lo society, ore 1'rotiy was despatched with this e"er, Sir Joseph Bpoke oracularly of the preparation which he had niude lor tho new yeur, nod usked the poor man it ,'e ®uld say thut he Imd been equally prudent. 'I am afraid, sir,' stammered Trotty ooklng meekly at bun, ' thut 1 urn a — u ii1,1 n behind hand with the wotld.' hi' i -,e'''nJ ''and with tho world !' re- , ., ,®'r Joseph Bowley, in a toue of distinctness. ' J am afraid, sir/ faltered Trotty, ' that there is a matter of ten or twelve shilling, owing to Mr8. Chickeostallter.' qir , Q .M.rs d'tckenstalker,' repeated ot Joseph in the same tone ns before. A shop, sir,' exclaimed Toby. ' in the general line. Also a— a—little money on account of rent- A very little sir. It' oughtn't to be owing, I know but we have been hard put to it, indeed.' "Sir Joseph looked at his lady, and at Mr. l't&li;, and at Trolly, one'aftcr I he other, twice all round. He then made a despondent gesture with boll, hands nt once, as if he gave up the thing altogether. b' " ' How a man, even among this im provident and impracticable race, an old man, a man grown gray, can look a new year in the face with his affaits in litis condition ; how he can lie down on Ins bed at night, and get up in the morn ing, and— There !' he said, turning his hack on Trotty. « Take the letter. Take tlie letter.' . " ' I heartily wish it were otherwise, '"i'r said Trotty, anxious to excuseiiitn- 8eir. We have been tried very hard ' Toby set off with the letter, dis charged himself ol his commission, and was trotting homewards wh»n t.„ against some one, and was sent stagger ing into the middle of the street. "i i l>e& yo,,r Pardoni I'm sure !' said Trotty, pulling up his hat, in great confusion, and between the hat and the torn, lining, fixing his head into a kind of bee-hive, ' I l10pe mVn't hurt yu- . " As to Ijurting any body/Toby was such an absolute Santson, but he was more likely ..to be hurt himself ; and, indeed, he had flown out into the road like a shuttlecock. He had such an opinion of his own strength, however, thai he was in real concern tor the other parly, and said.again, " ' I hope 1 havn'i hurt you.' "The man against whom 'he Imd run, a sun-browned, sinewy, country-looking man, with grizzled hair and a rough chin, , stared ut him for a moment, asif he suspected him to bo in jest. But, satisfied of liis good -faith, lie answered ; '"No friend. You have not hurt me.' " ' Nor the child, I hope ?' said Trotty. " ' Nor the child,' said the man.' ' I thank you kindly.' ' " As he said so he glanced at a little girl he carried in his arms, asleep, and, shading her face with the Jong end of the poor handkerchief he wore about bis throat, went slowly on. . . me uniB HI n tiiviriigt outu . I limn A- you kindly' -penetrated 'Tidtty's lieart. He was so jaded and footsore, and . so soiled with travel, and looked about him so forlorn and. strange, that it was a comfort to liirn to be able to ilmnk any one, no matter for how little. Toby stood gazing after Itim as lie plodded wearily away, with the child's arm cling ing round his neck. " At (lie figure in the worn shoes, now the very shade nnd ghost ol shoes, rough leather leggings, common frock, and broad slouched hat, Trotty stood gazing, blind to the whole street. And at the child's arm, clinging round its neck. ' Before lie merged info the darkness the traveller slopped, and looking round, and seeing Trotty standing there yet, seemed 'undecided whether to return or go on. After doing first the one and then tlie other, he! came back, and Trotty went half way to meet him. " You can tell me, perhaps,' said the man with a feint smile, 1 and if you can I am sure you will, and I'd rather ask you than another, where Alderman Cute lives.' '"Close at linnd/ replied Toby. 4 I'll show you his house with pleasure.' " 4 1 was to have gone to him else where to-morrow,' said the man, accom panying Toby, 4 but I'm uneasy under suspicion, and want to clear myself, and to be free to go and seek my bread, i don't know where. So maybe he'll forgive me going to his house to-night.' 44 1 It's impossible,' cried Toby, with a start, 4 That your name is Fern ?' " ' Eh !' cried the other, turning on him with astonishment. 4,4 Fern I Will. Fern 1' said Trotty. 44 4 Tliut's my name/ replied the other. 44 1 Why, then/ cries Trotty, seizing Itim by the arm/and looking cautiously round, 1 for Heaven's sake .don't go to hitn, Don't go to him I He'll put you down as sure as ever you were born Here ! come up this alley, aud I'll tell you what I mean. Don't go to hitn.' " His netv acquaintance looked .as if he thought him mad, but lie bore Itim company nevertheless. When they were shrouded from observation, Trotty told him what lie knew and what character he hud received, and all about it. " The subject of bis history listened to it with a calmness that surprised him. He did not contradict or interrupt it ouce. lie nodded bis head now and then, more in corroboration of an old and worn-out story, it appeared, that in refutation ot it ; and once or twice threw . back his hat and passed his freckled hand over n brow where every lurrow he had ploughed seemed to have set its im'agc in little. Bui lie did no- more. 41 4 It's true enough in the main,' he i said, ' master, 1 could sift grain from husk here nnd there, hut let it be as 'tis. What odds? I have gone against his plans to my misfortnn'. I can't help it. I should do the like to-morrow. As to character, tliem gentle folks will search and search and pry and pry and Imve it as free from spot or speek in us afore V'/y" 'lu'p us to a dry good word. Well ! 1 hope they don't lose good opinion as easy as wo do, or their lives is strict indeed, and hardly worth the keeping. For myself; master; I never took with that hand/ holding it before him, 4 what wan't my own ; and never held it back from work, however bard, or poor, paid. Whoever can deny it, let him chpp ifofT! '" But when work won't' maintain me like - a human creetur"; when my living is so bad that j am hungry, out of dobrs and in ; when I see a whole working life begin that way, go on that way, and end that way, with out a chance or change, then 1 say to tlie gentlefolks ' Keep away from me 1 Let 'my cottage be. My door is dark' enough without your darkening ol 'em more.. Don't look for me to come up into the park to help the show when there's a birthday, or a fine speech- miking, ui wiiui uui. /vci your ptays and games without me, and be welcome to 'em and enjoy 'em. We've nought to do' with one another. I'm best let alone 1'" " Seeing that the child In his arms had opened her eyes, and was looking about her in wonder, lie checked himself to say a word or two of foolish prattle in her ear and stand, her on tlie gtound beside hitn. Then, slowly winding, one of her long tresses round and round his rough fore-finger like a ring, while she hung about his dusty leg, he said to Trolly, 44 ' I'm not n cross-grained man by natur', I believe, and easy satisfied I'm sure. I bear no ill-will against none of 'em. I only want to live like one of. the Almighty's creelurs. , I- can't,. I, don't, and go there's a pit dug between me and them that caii and do. There's others like me. You might tell 'em off by hundred and Ihousaiids, sootier than by ones.' 44 Tro'.ty knew lie spoke the truth in this, and shook his head to signify as much. . " ' I've got a bad name ibis way,' said Fern, ' and l.'tn not . likely,' I'm afeard; to get a better. 'Ta'nt lawful to be out:of sorts, and-1 am out'of-soris, though, God knows, I'd sooner bear a cheerful spirit, if 1 could. Well ! I rnD'" uitivti uj. DCiiutiig viutr »', aut p. witliout.a friend, to speak n-word'Jor mo, he might do it ;' and you see I' pointing downward with his finger ut the child. " 1 She h.s a beautiful luce/ said Trotty. " ' Why, yes I' rcpiieJ the other, in a low voice, as lie gently turned it up with but li his hands towards his own end looked on it stedfastly. 1 I've thought so, many times, I've thought so when my hearth was very cold and cupboard vety bare. I thought so t'other night, when we were taken liko two thieves. But they, they shouldn't try the little luce too often, should they, Lillian ? That's hardly lair upon a man !' " He sunk his voice so low, and gazed upon her with an air so stern and strange that Toby, to divert the current of bis thoughts, inquired if his wife . were living. 44 4 I never bad one/ he returned, shaking his head. 4 She's my brother's child ; an orphan. Nine year old, ihongh you'd hardly think it ; but she's tired and worn out now. They'd have taken care on her, the union, eight -and- tweuty miles from where we live, be- ween (our walls, (as they took care of my old father when he eouldn't work no more, though he didn't trouble 'em Jong) but I took her instead, and site's lived with me, ever since. Her mother bad a friend once, in London here. We are trying to find her, and lo find work, too ; but It's a large place. Never miod. More room for us to walk about iu, Lily.' Meeting the child's eyes with a smile which melted Toby more than tears, lie shook Itim by the hand. 44 4 1 don't so much as know your name/ he said, 4 but I've opened my heart free to you, for I'm thankful to you, with good reason. Til take your advice, and keep clear of this — ' 4 4 4 Justice,' suggested Toby. " ' Ah J' he said. . 4 If that's the name they give him. This justice. And to-morrow will try whether there's better foriun' to.be met with somewhere near London. Good uigbt. A happy new year I' " 1 Stay I' cried Trotty, cntching at his hand, as he relaxed his grip. ' Stay I The new year never can be liuppy to me if we part like this. The new year never can be happy to me if I see the child and you go wandering away you don't know where,- without a shelter for your heads. Copie home with me I l in a poor map, living in a poor place, but I .can give you lodging lor on a night and never miss it.- Cbtne home with trie ! IJere 1 I'll take Iter 1' said Trotty, lifting up (lie child. A pretty one I I'd curry twenty times her weight, and never know I'd got it. Tell me il 1 go too quick for you. -I'm very fast. 1 always was !' . 'Trotty said this, taking about six of his hotting paces to one stride of his fatigued companion, and with his thin legs quivering again beneath the loud lie bore. " ' Why, she's as light,' said Trolly (rotting in his speech as well as his gait, for he could n't boar to be thanked, and dreaded a moment's pause, 4 as light as a feather. Lighter than a peacock's feather, a great deal lighter. Here we are, and here we go ! Round this first turning to the right, Uncle Will, and mind the kidney pie-man at the corner. Here we are anil we go ! Down the Mews, here, Uncle Will, and atop at the black door, with T. Veck, ticket-porter, wrote upon a board ; aud here we are and here ; we go", end here we are indeed, my precious Meg, surprising you.' u " With which words Trotty, in a state, set the child down be fore his daughter in the middle of the. floor. This little visitor looked once at Meg, and, doubling nothing in that face, but trusting everything she saw there, ran into her arms. " 'Here we are and here we go!' cried Trotty, rnnning round the room nnd choking audibly. 4 Here ! Uncle Willi Here's a fire you know I Why uon i you come lo tlie fire? Olt ! here we are and here we go! Meg, my preciuus darling, where's the kettle? Here it is and here it goes, and it 'II bile in no time !' "Trotty really had picked up the kettle somewhere or other in the course of his wild career, and now put it on the Ore; while Meg, seating the child in a warm corner, knelt down on t lie ground befote her und pulled off her shoes and dried her wet feet- on a cloth. Ay, and she laughed at Trotty, too, so pleasantly, so cheerfully, that Trolly could have blessed her where she kneeled ; for he had seen that, when "thev entered, she was sitting by the fiie in tears. " Why, lather !' said Meg. ' You 're crazy to- night I think. I don't know what tlie bells would say to that. Poor little feet. How cold they are I " -' Oh they're warmer now!' ex claimed the child. 4 They're quite warm now T ' " No, „o, no,' said Meg. 4 We havti'i rubbed 'cm half enough. We're so busy. So busy! And when they're "One we il brush out tlie dump hair and when that's doue we'll bring some colour to, the poor pale luce with fresh water ; and, when that's dune we'll be so gay, and brisk, and happy 1 44 The child, iti u burst of sobbing, clasped her round the neck, caressed i nil i /ij.tr \trt.r iv. '''Tobys-.blcssiiinfrcBUld iuves'flone no more. Who.could do'moie? " 4 Why, fatltei !' cried Meg, after u pause. "'Here lam and here I go, my dear,' said Trolly. " ' Good gracious me!' cried Meg, ' He's crazy I lie's put tlie child's bonnet on the kettle and bung the lid behind the door I' 44 4 1 didn't go to do it, my love/ said Trotty, hastily repairing this mistake. 4 Meg, my dear?' "Meg looked towards him and saw that ho had elaborately, stationed him self behind the chair of their, male visitor, where, with ntystetious gestures, he was holding up (lie sixpence lie had earned. " 1 1 see, my dear/ said Trotty, ' as I was coming in, half-an-ounce of lea ly ing somewhere on the stairs, and I'm sure there was a bit of bacon too. As I don't remember where it was . exactly I'll go myself and try to find 'em.' ' With this iuscrutable artifice Toby withdrew to purchase the viands lie had spoken of, for ready money, at Mrs. Cliickenstalker's, and presently came back, pretending that be had not been able io find them at first in the dark. " 4 But here tltey are at last/ said Trotty, setting out the tea-things, « all correct I I was pretty sure it was tea and a rasher. So it is. Meg, my pet, il you'll just make the tea, wltile your unworthy father toasts the bacon, we shall be ready immediately. It's a curi ous circumstance,' said Trotty, proceed ing in his cookery, with the assistance of the toasting-fork, 4 curious, but well- xnown to my iriends, that 1 never care myself for rashes, nor for tea. I like to see other people enjoy 'em/ said Trotty, speaking very loud to impress tho fact upon his guest, ' but to me, as food, they're disagreeable.' 41 Yet Trotty sniffed the savour of the hissing bacon, ah I as if be liked it; and, when lie poured the boiling water in the lea-pot, looked lovingly down' into the depths of the snug cauldton, and suf fered tlie fragrant steam to curl about bis nose and wreathe bis bead and face in a thick cloud. However, fur all this, he neither ate nor drank, except, at the very beginning, a mere morsel for form's sake, which lie appeared lo eat with in finite relish, but declared was perfectly uninteresting to Itim. " No. Trolly's occupation was, to see Will Fern and Lilian eat and drink, and so was Meg's, And never did spec- t u tors. at a city dinner or court bauquel find suclt high delight in seeing others feast — although it were a monarch or a pope — its 'those two did, in looking on dial night. Meg smiled at Trotty, Trolly laughed at Aleg. .Meg shook Iter head and made belief to clap Iter bands, applauding Trotty ; Trotty con veyed, in dumb-show, unintelligible nar ratives of hour, and when, aud where he had found their visitors to Meg, and ihey were'happy, very happy. " ' Although,' thought Trolly, sorrniv- fully, as , he watched Men's lace, 4 that match is broken off, I see I' " ' Now I'll tell you what/said Trotty, after tea. 4 I lie little one, she sleeps with Meg, I know.' 44 4 Willi good Meg I' cried the child; caressing her, ' with Meg,' 44 ' That's right,' said Trotty. 4 And I shouldn't wonder it she kiss Meg's father. Won't she? I'm Meg's fa-' ther/. " Mightily-delighted Trotty was when' having kissed him, fell back upou Meg again. " 1 She's as sensible as Solomon,' said. Trotty. ' Here we come, and here we —-no, we don't, I don't mean that — I — what was I saying, Meg, my pre cious?' 44 Meg looked towards their guest, who leaned upon' her chair, and, with his lace turned ftom her, fondled the child's head, half hidden in her lap. 44 4 To be sure.' eaid Tohv. < Tn Bb sure I I don't know what I'm rambling oo about, to-night. My wits are wool gathering, I think. Will Fern, yon come along with me. You're tired to death and broken down for want ol rest. You come along, with me.' "The man still played with the child's curls, still leaned upon Meg's chair, still turned away his face. He didn't speak, but, in his rough, coarse fingers, clench- mg and expanding in the fair hair of the child, there was an eloquence that said enough, ' yas/ said Trotty, answering .unconsciously what lie saw expressed in his daughter's face. 'Take Iter with you, Meg. Get her to bed. There! Now Will, I'll show, you where you lie. It s not mgcb of A place, only a loft; but having a loft, I alwayB say, is one of the great conveniences of living in a mews; and, till this coach-house and stable gets a better let, we live here cheap. There's plenty of sweet bay up there, belonging to a neighbour ; and it's as clean as bands and Meg can make it." Cheer up I Don't give way. A new heart for a uew year, always!' r v 44 The baud, released from the child's hair, had fallen, trembling, into Trotty-'s hand. So Trotty, talking without inter mission, led him out as tenderly and easily as if lie had been a child liim- seif. - ; frt r n n t . .I.1. il'stonoil chamber, an adjoining room. The child was murmuring a simple prayer before lying down to sleep, and when she bad remembered Meg's name, " DiaTly, dearly," so Iter words ran, Trotty heard Iter stop and ask for his.. It was some lime before the foolish little old fellow could compose himself to mend the fire and draw himself to the warm hearth. But, when he bad done so, and had trimmed the light, be took his newspaper ftom his pooket and began to read. Carelessly at first, and- skim ming up and down die columns, but with an earnest and sad attention very soon. . 44 For this said dreaded paper re directed Trotty's thoughts into the chan nel they had taken all the day, and which the day's events had so marked out and shaped. His interest in the two wanderers had set him on another course , of thinking, and a happier one for the time; but, being alone again, and read ing of the crimes and violences of the people, lie relapsed into bis former train. In this mood be came to an account, and it was not the first be had ever read, of a woman who bad laid Iter desperate hand, not only on her own life,' but .on that of Iter child. A ctime so 'terrible, and so revolting to bis soul, dilated with tbe love of Meg, that lie let the journal drop and fell back in bis chair, appalled. 44 ' Unnatural and crttel | Toby cried. 4 Unnatural und cruel I None but people who were bad at heart, boru bad, who had no business on the earth, could do such deeds. It's too true, all I've beard to-day | too justj too tuu of proof We re bad I' " The chimes took up tbe words so suddenly, burst, out bo loud, and clear, and sonorous that the bells seemed to strike Itim in bis chair. 44 And what was that they said ? i " 4 Toby Veck, Toby Veck, waiting for you, Toby 1 Toby Veck, Toby Veck, wailing for you, Toby ! Come and see us, come and see us. Drag Itim to us, drag Itim to us I Haunt and bunt him, haunt and bunt Itim I Break bis slum bers, break bis slumbers I Toby Veck, Toby Veck, door open .wide, Toby; Toby Veck, Toby Veck, door open wide, Toby; then fiercely back to their im petuous strain again and ringing in ths very bricka and plaster on the walls. " Toby listened. Fancy, fancy I His remorse for haying run away from litem that afternoon.. No, no. "Nothing of the kind. Again, again, and yet a dozen times again". " Haunt and hunt him, haunt aud hunt Itim. Drag Itim to us, drag him to us;' deafeuing the whole town. . > " 4 Meg,' said Trotty, tapping at her door.. 4 Do you hear any tiring ?' " 4 1 hear (lie bells, lather. Sorely they're very loud to-night.' " 4 Is she asleep/ said Toby, making an excuse fot peeping in. " So peacefully and happy ; I can't leave her yet- tliougli, father. Look how site holds my band V 44 ' Meg ;' whispered Trotty. 4 Listen to the bells.' " She listened, whit her face towards him all the time. But it underwent no change. She did n't understand them. 44 Trotty withdrew, resumed bis seat by the fire, and once more listened by . himself. He rentained here a little time. " It was impossible to bear it : their energy was dieadful. 44 4 II the tower door is really, open/ :said/Toby, hastily laying aside his apron, ; but never thinking of his Jiat; ' what's to hinder me from going up into the steeple and satisfying myself? If it's shut I don't want any other satisfaction. That's enough,' " Trotty stepped out, and, to his sur prise, found the church door open, andr following one impulse after another, ascended, first by a winding stair, and next by n ladder, to the belfry, where, in the 44 airy nest of stone nnd metal," be found himself in . tbe presence of the Chimes, where, tiddv. onnfuepd. nm! out ot health, be sunk down in a swoon, and so concludes the second quarter. After many confused thoughts and images during gradually coming con sciousness, he became sensible of my riads of figures, peopling the solitary tower, and whispering, 44 Haunt and hunt hint," " Break his slumbers," till, awake and standing on his feet, be saw this goblin sight : " He. saw the tower, whither his charmed footsteps had brought him, swarmiug with dwarf phantoms, spirits, elfin creatures of the bells. lie saw them leaping, flying, dropping, pouring from tho bells without a pause. lie saw them round Itim on the ground, above him in the air, clambering front him bv'the ropes below, looking down upon hitn from the u.assivc iron bcam9, peeping in upon'him through the.chinks and loopholes, in the walls, spreading away and nway from htm in enlarging, circles, as the water-ripples give place to a huge stone that suddenly came plashing in among them. He saw, tliem of all aspects and ull shapes. He saw them ugly, handsome, crippled, exquisitely formed. He saw them young, he saw them old, be saw them kind, he saw them cruel, he saw them merry, he saw them gritu, be saw them dance, aud heard them sing, be saw them tear their hair, and heard them howl. He saw the air thick with them. san'riv; He "saw- Xhem riding down ward, soaring upward, sailing off afar, 'perching/ near at band, all restless and- all violently active. Stune, and brick, and slate, and tile became transparent to h m ns to them. lie saw them in the houses, busy at the sleepers' beds. He saw 'tbem soothing people in their dreams, ho saw them beating them with knotted whips, he saw them yelling in their ears, be saw them playing softest music on tbeir pillows, be saw them cheering some with the songs of birds and the perfnoie of flowers, be saw tbeui flashing awful faces on the troubled rest of others from enchanted- mirrors which they carried in their hands. " He saw these creatures, not only among sleeping men, but waking also, active in pursuits irreconcileable with one another, and possessing or assuming natures the most opposite. He saw one buckling on innumerable wings to in crease his speed, another loading himself with chains and weights to retard his. He saw some putting the hands of clocks forward, some putting the hands of clocks backward, Borne endeavouring to stop rite clock entirely. He saw them representing here a marriage ceremony, there a funeral, in this chamber an elec tion, and iu that a ball, everywhere rest less und untiring motion. (T« be continued.") The ship Rqjastnan , bound to Bom bay, wlieu off the Cape, in lat. 37 to 38 deg. S , and long. 24 deg. E., passed four magnificent icebergs in sight at ona lime. The sky was extremely clear, and the mist by which these gelid masses are usually surrounded in the warmer lati tudes nauticg. Tltey presented the appearance ot islands of the most dazzling whiteness, fashioned in the most fantastic shapes : peaks, spires, and pinnacles shooting up from them like iragments of a building. Tltey varied iu height from 100 to 200 feet, and in length from 800 to 900. Curioasly enough the thermo meter,' which had a week before been as low as 49 deg. rose from 60 to 65. deg., as the icebergs were approaching from tbe leeward. One of tliem was at one lime within 400 yards of the ship, and as it was blowing freBh a sharp look out was required to be kept up to prevent collision. Rossini v. Shaispeare. — M. Alex andre Dumas, in oneot his/eut'lfefons, speaking of Rossini's opera of 4 Othello/ says:— "The whole world is familliar now-a-davs with this opera. Eight days were sufficient for Rossini to send into oblivion the chef-d'oeuvre of Shake peare." _ How very true 1 Every one of our million readers will bear witness to - the melancholy fact, that Othello would have been long ago lost to what Mrs. Trotlope calls the " creme de la creme" of society, if Rossini had not set it to music 1 