LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, OCTOHER 28TH. Present-all the Members, except Mr. O'Con- nor. Thc Clerk opened the business of the Council by rending thc petitions from the inhabitants of the Districts of Illawarra, Carrick, Avoca, Little 11,-mipdcn, and Hndspcth, praying for assistance to establish Schools, «ntl from certain Jurors in thc District of Oatlands, praying to he relieved of their (huies ns Jurors in certain eases, presented by Mr. Dry on Friday Inst. The Chief Justice then rose and snid that he lind two petitions to present-one from thc Bishop of Tasmania, which set forth that petitioner had heard that a motion lind been made in Council to extend to thc clergy of the colony a taxation re- quired to mnintaiu the other establishments, and that, as proposed, that taxation would full more heavily upon thc clergy than upon any other hotly. That thc proposed withdrawal of forage money from the clergy, would cripple them in the execu- tion of their duties. That ninny of thc clergy had to visit different pnrishes nt severnl miles distant from each other, and that it wns impolitic in the Government to reduce thc Ecclesiastical establish- ment ut thc present time, when the orison popula- tion was increasing so rapidly, nnd would require nn cxtrn dilligeiice on thc part of thc ministers of religion. That petitioner understood that the re- duction proposed would amount to about 20 per cent., and prayed that thc Ecclesiastical expendi- ture might not bc reduced more than that of any other establishment. The petition set forth that the petitioner had not lind time to communicate with portions of the clergy who were remotely situated to obtain their opinions nnd requests on the mutter. The second petition was from three clergymen, much to the same effect, mid which set forth that a reduction of tho forage allowance from their remuneration, which was guaranteed to them 1,,. H.» >'l.1, A ,.t. .......1.1 ...J.. .1. l."nki,"i to carry on their duties. Thc petitions were received, rend, and laid on thc table. The Clerk said there wns a motion of Mr. Dry's, (notice of which had been given on Friday last), on thc paper. Mr. Dry moves that the Coloniul Sccretnry do lny on the table a balance sheet for thc year 18-M, shewing the ntnoutit owing by the colony up to September in flint year. The Colonial Secretary would be glad to bc in- formed whether the hon. member desired thc re- turn moved for should embrace the land fund, if so, he would inform him that a very considerable amount was due to the Home Government on that account. Mr. Di y-Certainly, I wish that to be included in thc return. I do so, your Excellency, mercly to bring before the Council a plain, hut true state- ment of thc liabilities of the colony, so thnt nil hon. members mny bc put in possession of the actual liunncinl state of this colony, before they proceed to the discussion of the Estimates, lt nppears that a very considerable debt has been incurred, and it is thc duty of every member of this Council to provide means to relieve thc co- lony from a burthen that must press heavily upon its resources. On the Estimates there appenrs a lnrgc amount, I believe about £10,000 to the credit of the bimi fund, which I think ought to he appropriated to pny off this debt, which lins been contracted by the Government, for the payment of which there is no other way. The Clerk to thc Council stated that there was n motion of Mr. Dry's on the paper that a Com- mittee of live members he appointed to enquire into thc nmonnt of expenditure «rising out of the convict system. Mr. Dry saul thnt when notice of this motion was brought before thc Council, formerly, he lind been surprised nt thc opposition displuyed by the members of the Government. Ile was the more surprised because he lind made this motion with singleness of purpose, conceiving that the Council sltuuld enable thc Governor to show the Home Government thc immense expense this colony wast put to by thc convict system. With regard to this item of the expenditure he maintained that every farthing the colonists paid, they pnid to coatribute to their destruction. Thc effect of this ruinous system was becoming as clear ns the sun nt noon, bringing utter ruin in its train, omi must event- ually sink the colony to the lowest state of moral and pecuniary bankruptcy. It was driving; from the colony nil free labour, and leaving; it to be cursed hy a labouring community of pick-pockets, it was forced to maintain and employ, or go with- out This wns ene of the consequences of the vaunted probation system which lind been con- ferred on the colony as a hoon. Was it{a hoon, he would nsk, to have men, who had been familinr with every grade of vice cast upon them, nnd the expenditure of the Government swelled to upwards of £100,000 ¡ when £30,000 would be quite suffi- cient in proportion to the free population. He would direct the nttentioa of the hon. members to Adelnide, where, with a free populntion nearly as lnrgc ns that of this colony, thc entire expenditure of the Government was but £28,000, and that colony, moreover, was kept in a flourishing state, whilst it could not be denied that this was on the verge of ruin, by being snddled with an expendi- ture of four times the amount ; and for wbnt ? To support a Government nt vnrinnce with the inte- rests of the colony. It appeared that the Govern- ment lind been appointed to carry out the proba- tion scheme for the total destruction of the colony, (he hoped no personal offence would be taken, ns he meant none), nnd he would ndd if the present course was persisted in, it would effectually realize thnt destruction. He thought it high time that the Council should take prompt measures to throw of this hurthen. Mr. Kermode seconded the motion. The Colonial Secretary said that, in reference to whnt hnd fallen from Mr. Dry in support of his motion for a committee of five members, to ex- amine nnd consider thc expenditure incident to the convict department, if hi thought that it would help in any manner to assist the Government in providing n remedy for what was Held out to bc so heavy a burthen on the colony, he would cordially give it his support j but he thought it would only tend to embarrass it, mid therefore he would op- pose the motion. The colony wns so interwoven with the grcnt measure which it was thc intention S of the British Government to carry out, that it wai [ quite inconsistent to expect that that could bc Í done without, not only great expense, hut also great trouble and labour imposed upon all officers in nay vrny connected with the general govern- ment. Ile might say that in his department alone two or three clerks were almost exclusively em- ployed in thc business. Two clerks were con- stantly occupied in carrying on incidental men- sures connected with the probation system. AI this part of thc business was thrown on the re- sources of the colony, nnd until thc colony wa; relieved from its penal character, it must reniait .saddled with these expenses. When that lime ar- rived it would he relieved from these expenses, alu not till then. It could not be denied that this ex- pense wns burdensome, but the Council could not as thc motion expressed it, look to thc expense! of tlic ronvict system with n view of separating what ought anti ought not to be charged to thc colony, with any good result The clergy were ¡ part of thc convict system, and yet it would not bi argued that they were not chargeable to thc colony Ile wns satisfied that thc committee might sit til doomsday, and not arrive nt any satisfactory con ; elusion on this subject. lt might bc conceded a once Hint the system entailed n very heavy ex pense on thc colony hy thc Home Government His Excellency believed, and bc, the Colonia i Secretary believed that it was oppressive, and tba [ it would bc but just to relieve thc colony from i ' burthen which pressed so heavily on it, but unti the system wns altered, thc Council was bound ti support the Government in carrying out tba system which lind been established by Her .Majes ty's Secretary of State. Upon this ground bl must oppose the hon. member's motion, and mon especially ns he lind stated that it was made tc relieve thc Government, whereas it was his (thc Colonial Secretary's) opinion, Hint it would onlj tend to ciubnrass. If thc bon. member lind oh jeetions to the system, it wns open to him to com mit those objections to paper, for transmission ti thc Home (Jovcrmcnt, which hud established tin system mid ordered it to bc carried out. lu re ferencc to whnt the hon. member had said nbou relieving the Government by his motion, he (Hu Colonial Secretary) must say that in professions o relief and advice, bc saw nothing but postpone meats, and motions and adjournments, calculate! to embarrass and annoy the Government. Then was a point to which the colony must soon nrrivi if this course were persisted in. (This was under stood to mean a diminution of police protection. If hon. members nllirmed that the Government wa bound to take mensures for the protection of pro pcrty in tile colony, they must admit the Govern- ment must be plneed in n position to do so. Ol those grounds lie must oppose the motion. Captain Kenton said, that the arguments nindi usc of by the Colonial Secretary for opposing tin motion of Mr. Dry lind convinced him (Captaii Fenton) of thc imperative necessity of that mo tion being carried. Thc Colonial Secretary hat admitted that a great portion of his time, ns wei as that of his Excellency tile Governor, was de- voted to carry out the convict system of Lort Stanley, who had not only imposed this unjust uni grievous burthen un the colony, hut lind eviucci his utter disregard to the complaints of thc people and, instead ol' relieving thc colonists from anj portion of the heavy taxation required for the sup port of this ruinous system, appeared to bc deter mined to mid to rnther Hum diminish this burthen lu 1813, when his Excellency first took his scat ii that Council, bc (Captain 1'.) had brought nude the notice of the Council calculations which wen to shaw thnt the colony could not bc justly charge able with thc sums which iippenrcd on the esti ; Hintes for convict purposes ; nnd thc Colonia fe Secretary bad then admitted tile justness of bi; (Mr. IVs) calculations, and that the colonv wa: overburdened with no less a sum than A'HI.uOO With that admission of thc Colonial Secretary tin Council at that time, instead of cinbnrrassing tin Government, lind granted nil the Estiinutcs, enter- ing a protest on the Minutes, that those grunt; were ninde solely becnime thc Council desired no to embarrass thc Government, although they wen unanimous in thc conviction thnt the churges foi the police, gaols, and convict department gene rnlly, should bc borne hy thc Home Government {Mr. Fenton read the protest then made from tht Minutes nf the Council, and continued.) Had anj notice been taken of that protest, or any step; taken to relieve thc colony? His Excellency hail stated that he had written to Lord Stanley, ant forwarded the protest for his consideration. Whn lind been thc result of thnt communication ? Three sessions of the Council lind since intervened, nm no notice bad been taken of thc mutter, and thal none would bc tnkcu was evident from a despatel which bc bud written to Sir George Gipps upor thc same subject, which was commented on, by ar hon. member in the Council at Sydney, which he would now rend : - " Mr. Robinson rose to move resolutions which stood on thc paper in his name. Before proceed- ing to thc subject of those resolutions, bc said be could not but revert to thc despatch of thc Secre- tary of State, which lind recently been laid bciorc the House by command of the Governor. That despatch was, in his opinion, most monstrous, be- cause thc Council lind remonstrated on previous occasions against thc injustice of thc colony being charged with thc expenses of building gaols, and keeping up a large police force, to coerce thc con- victs sent here from Great Uritain. Lord Stanley instructed thc Governor, if the Council persisted in such course, to expedite the period of thc pardon of those convicts. In other words, if thc Council refused to pay the expenses of police, to keep those courts in order, they were lo he turned loose Upon society, without control." Now, with that example before them, was it not the duty of the Council to usc its utmost exertion to rid thc colony of an imposition which must sooner or later bring ruin upon it. Was it ex- pected that the colony should tamely submit to be sacrificed to nn experiment which, however it might benefit the Home Government was bringing ruin upon this colony. He, however, would not then go further, ns Hint question would bc more fully argued. Ile would only add that bc did not understand thc Colonial Secretary when he charged the Council with throwing impediments in the way of thc Government. He should like thc lion, member to state in what way they were doing so. Was it in advising bis Excellency to relieve thc colony from the exorbitant expendi- ture in the police, the gnol, and convict depart- ments, and to draw for such expenditure on the Home Government, which in fairness and justice ought to bear those expenses? Ile could not conceive how this could bc construed into opposi- tion to the Government-he thought it was only thc bounden duty of the Council. Mr. Gregson said, that he felt bound to record his sentiments on thc ocension, and in doing so, he could not but revert to thc insinuations levelled ot him by the Colonial Secretary. It was impos- sible to mistake at whom those insinuations were directed. The Colonial Secretary here rose, and begged to correct Mr. Grcgson's apprehension of what he (the Colonial Secretary) hnd said. Ile denied that his remarks hnd been directed against the bon. memher. They were general. He hoped, after his explanation, the hon. member would nat charge him with reflecting on bim personally. .Mr. Gregson said, that he had drawn his conclu- sions from thc facts alluded to by the Colonial t Secretory, and he would leave it to hon. members to judge if his conclusions had not been justified He believed that none of the Council but himself had moved for an adjournment on any former oc- casion, and the Colonial Secretary had said that a tnotion for adjourning the Council had been marie from vexatious motives. Let thc facts be exrt mined. The postponement of the consideration of thc estimates had been carried without opposi tion, and he did not recollect upon whnt other oe ension lic(.Mr.Grcgsou) lind moved au adjournment He, however, accepted the hon. member's retrae tion, and would give him credit for candour in bb denial of personal retied iou on him. He (Mr. G.] was unwilling to occupy thc time of the Connel with further remarks, ns so much to' thc purposi lind been sn'ul hy .Mr. Dry ; and he wns afraid timi he might weaken thc arguments of that gentle, man by anything he could advance, lie coule not, however, nllow the occasion to go by without entering his protest against the general principle! of the convict system. He did say that the Con- vict Department wns a fenrful incubus forced 01 the colony to its destruction hy speculntists, wht cared not one farthing about the ruin which thej were entailing on the country* so that their schctni was carried out. lie (Mr. G.) would take occa sion to read an extract from a speech of Si Robert Inglis which acknowledged the infliction 01 the colony of New South Wales to be most incqui tublc ; and the same reasoning applied to this co lony. In discussing in committee the equity o the motlier country bearing thc expenses of he convict establishments in thc colonies, Sir Rober spoke ns follows : '. The question," said Sir Robert, " is not whe Iber a boon shall be given to New South Wales but whether the colony has a moral and cquitabli claim on thc mother country. I feel that Nev South Wales has established a moral and cquitn hie claim on thc motlier country. I feel that Nev South Wales has established a moral nnd cquitabl claim to reimbursement. If those who arc con victed of crime herc were to bc retained in thi country, thc charge for their support would fall o us cither in one way or another; mid our liobilit to the charge docs not cease when those person arc taken from thc hulks or penitentiaries, nm transported to another country. We cannot, upoi any just principle, throw thc support of thc convict in the hulks at Portsmouth upon the Town Couti eil of thnt pince ; nnd yet upon no other principl can thc people of New South Wales bc taxed lb thc support of convicts who arc transported fron this country for the benefit of society here. Ii addition to the advantage of getting rid of ou felon population, wc should also throw upon other the expense of their support." Ile begged to direct the attention of oflicia members to thc fud, that if His Excellency per sistcd in his intention to carry out the convie system, it must be to their loss, and at the expens of the religion nnd morality of the colony, mid li would heap upon himself thc just odium of ever honest niau. It could not bc done. Was it to b supposed for one moment that that Council was ti take from thc salaries of the ecclesiastical ollicer to pay thc police and gaol establishments ? Th thing was monstrous. He (Mr. G.) called upoi the Council to oppose such a proposition with al their energy. Let them remember that they wer now contending pro aris el foch ; that they wer fighting for their religion and firesides. Ile coull not believe that hon. members would bc so bas as to sell their dearest rights by consenting to thi proposition, which wns the most astounding tim hail ever conic to his knowledge. He would oui further remark to His Excellency, that if it wer i possible for this mensure to bc carried, it wouli ! lie opposed to the moral good of thc very mci j who were to bc supported by the sacrifice. H ; should therefore support Mr. Dry's motion, nm only add, before he sat down, thnt if thc uiotioi ! wns negatived, it would astonish him more thai i anything thnt lind happened in his lifetime. II : would just offer one remark on what had fnllei from thc Colonial Secretary, which appeared t ' him (Mr. Gregson) to be an inconsistency in th hon. member. What did thc hon. member mein when he talked of the vexatious opposition to th Government by thc motion before thc Council . nnd yet stntcd that be courted full enquiry, am ! should bc happy to afford his assistance to tunk that enquiry satisfactory ? Ile said thut be wouli i bc happy that a full enquiry should bc mnde, mu 1 yet when lion. UIQUIIHT« nought, enquiry, the; i were taunted with having vexatious motives fo j doing so. Ile did not know how the Colonia i Secretary could reconcile these statements. The Attorney-General.TAm I to undcrstnm . that hon. members intend to propose a furthc adjournment 1 Mr. Gregson said bc ccrtnin'y so intended. Thc Attorney-General.-Then I, for one, sha] oppose any further adjournment, as I consider tha such a course would tend to embarrass thc Govern ment, without any possible good result. Wc an now in tlic middle of October, and if a committci is appointed, it ennnot possibly conclude it labours before the end of the year, which wouh greatly embarrass thc Government in its linnncia arrangements, lint I also wish to know, sup {losing the motion to be carried, how it couh ! possibly operate with thc Council in passing tin Estimates ! I am not prepared to deny that sue! an enquiry might be of service, in a represen talion of thc ense to thc Home Government-, bu it cannot, in nny way, affect thc pnssing of tin Estimates in this Council. The Estimâtes arc lah upon the tnble by the Governor herc, mid it i competent for hon. members to vote for or agains thc appropriation. I cannot, therefore, sec hov this motion cnn nffect thc consideration of thi Estimates, mid therefore I shall oppose any furthc adjourn ment. Captain Forster had one or two observations t( make. It appeared to him that the hon. member Mr. Dry, in his speech, instead of gruppling witl fncts, lind dcnlt in general nssertions. Ile hm said that one point was notorious, nnd thnt wns that the convicts were maintained in idleness. Hi would like the hon. member to bring forward an] fncts in support of bis assertion. He (Captait F.) asserted that such was not thc fnct. Ile wen round himself to thc stntions where thc convict: were nt work, and could speak to thc efficiency o those establishments. Ile lind just received i letter from a gentleman which commended tin great improvements which had been mndc frotr Avoca to the coast. If thc hon. member wouh take thc trouble of visiting Mnria Island, am other public stations, he might sec that thc con vicls were not maintained in idleness. He mighl see hundreds of acres of land in cultivation, nm] much more being brought into cultivation. Ile (Captain Forster) cared not about anything which might be said about bim. Ile wns doing his duty to the Government, and Hint was all he cared about ; but he could not allow misstatements tobe circulated without contradicting them. He main- tained thnt there wns n very great improvement in the convicts, and he did not believe that n con- trary opinion prevailed amongst the gentlemen in the interior. He never lind admitted, nor ever would ndmit, that thc Council was a representative assembly-that hon. members were the voice of the people ; neither did bc believe that the Council was thc collective wisdom of the colony. He was sure it was not. In fact, in going through the country in the discharge of his duties, he found that to bc the prevailing opinion. Ile should like to see a searching inquiry mnde, although his duties would prevent him taking part in it; but ns to one taking place at that time, he ngreed with thc Attorney-General that it would embarrass the movements of the Government, nnd there could bc no guarantee to whnt length thc adjournment might extend. Ile would therefore oppose the motion. Mr. Dry would make a few remarks on the views of hon. members on thc opposite side. He wns gratified that thc Colonial Secretary agreed i perfectly with his (Mr. Dry's) views on thc j suhjert, except upon one point, merely that of [ enquiry. He had not, however, refuted one point ' of his proposition. Ile ngreed with him (Mr. Dry) thnt thc convict charges on the colony were intolerable, but with the same breath characterised a motion for postponement to enquire into the intolerable grievance as vexatious. If his memory served him, he understood that the allowances to be withdrawn from the clergy had been resolved j upon without allowing them an opportunity to , protest. It is such an enquiry os the hon. member alluded to that I require-a lull, tree enquiry, to set matters in question in u proper view before the public, anil not t<i postpone thc consideration of the Estimates. As far as be (Mr. Dry) unth-rstaad the Colonial Secretary and the Attorney-General, both were of opinion tliat there wus a necessity for the enquiry, and really he (Mr. D.) did not see how it was to interfere with the business of tile Council. He would add a few remnrks on what had fallen from another quarter. The Comptroller General had said that bc (Mr. Dry) bad dealt in assertions instead of grappling with facts ; nil that he had to say upon that subject was, that bc believed, before the Council broke up, he should he put in possession of positive proof of the state- ments bc bad made. Ile wouldi however, observe, that he did not find fault with the management of tile Comptrollcr-Genernl. What be bad com- plained of was the manner in which thc convicts were employed - the misapplication of their labour. Thc Governor said that what bad struck bim just then was an evident fallacy of hon. members in their idea of their position there. Tho question was not then, whether this ought to be n repre- sentative Government, whether it ought to bc a convict colony, or whether the charges of the convicts ought to be horne by the colony, or whether lier Majesty will relieve the colony from the convict charge ? The fact was, that the colony was a penal colony, and the Council wns bound to maintain nnd provide for the proper management of the various departments which had been established and regulated by Her Majesty's Secretary of State. Ic would not do for bon. members to say, "we won't have it so." Iiis | Excellency said, that as it was a penal colony, and as certain regulations bad been lnid down fur its management, thc Council were bound by their onths to assist him in carrying out mcusurcs to that end. He (the Governor) was bound to lay those Estimates on the table, and bc was bound to maintain the trust committed to bis charge; and, while he was honoured with Her Majesty's com- mands, he would carry them out to thc utmost of his power, as be was bound to do. He lind been opposed hy hon. members on the other side of the table, as if bis determination to perform thc duty imposed upon him by his oath was the result of a vexatious disposition. With all deference, und without any harsh feeling toward hon. members, this was what be termed a fallacy. With these facts before them all he had to say wns, that if bon. members would support him to carry out the commands of the Home Government, bc would feel glad to meet their views upon ni.y just and reasonable ground of complaint tiley alight have to make, lie should now oppose thc motion, ns be conceived it to be uncalled for. The motion was then put nnd lost hythe delibe- rative and ensting vote of tile Governor Mr. Gregson.-May I take (bc liberty of ask- ing whether ¡tis usual or ugrecablc to tlc practice of the Council, when n motion has haul mndc, und the mover bas replied, for the I'risidcnt to nddrcss thc Council on that motion. Thc Governor said he hud wished to adlrcss thc Council more than once before, but hid been forestalled just ns be was about to speak by hon. members on the other side. Ile was nit aware whether thc couise adverted to was or vas not agreeable to practice. The question, lmvever, might bc put to tile Clerk of the Council. Tlie question was then put to the Clerc, who did not recollect any ense in point. Mr. Gregson said, be should move an ad/mrn mcnt, on grounds which he would state. He thought that he might bc permitted to repent thnt bc moved this adjournment not from tiny desi c to oppose or harruss the Government, which wu; far from bis wish. Ile knew thnt integrity of t.ur pose would carry a man through n host of difiieil tics, nnd after what had fallen from the Governor, wini, notwithstanding bis (Mr. Gregson'*) as- surances to thc contrary, still continued to it.tri- bute to the hon. members on his side of the table a vexatious opposition to Iiis Excellency. Ile would lignin stall; that thc stniul he was compelled to take was so rather from a conscientious belief that he was doing right. He would refer to thc Act by which that Council was constituted. (Mr. Gregson rcud from the Act, mid continued.) There was the Act, and that Act defined the duties of the members and tile power of Hie Governor plainly, and not to be misunderstood. Thc Act said thnt I thc Governor, with thc advice of the Legislative Council, was to make laws for the good order and welfare of the colony. There nlso was the oath by which hon. members were bound. To what ? These were the terms of tile oath : " I do swear that I will assist the Governor in mnking laws and ordinances for the peace, wel- fare, and good Government of the said colony." Hy this oath be (Mr. Gregson) was bound to n particular duty, and if bc did not du it conscien- tiously and honestly, he would be guilty of the worst and most degrading of crimes. With this onth staring bim in the face, mid his iintnovenblc opinion of the injustice of snddling the colony with thc convict system, could he, bc would nsk, do otherwise than oppose Hie shameful uiisnppro ! propriution of thc colonial revenue, as it appeared j on the Estimates laid before thc Council ? Even i his Excellency had admitted that it was an unjust j tax on the colony. It might he true that Lord Stanley might give instructions to his Excellency I to carry out the convict system to the extent ! his Lordship thought desirable! but that Council j was not bound to bo guided hy Lord Stanley's views of his favourite system ; mid moreover, be could not sec how Lord Stanley's instructions to his Excellency could aiTcct thc solemn oath by which hon. members were bound. Was it so I light a thing, a form of simple convenience, thnt ; it could be set aside nt pleasure nt thc beck of Lord Stanley, or anyone else? lion, mein hers would recollectthutthcrehud been nocoiiimunicntioii from Lord Stanley to the Council to carry out his measures ol'convict discipline, if sueli instructions had been sent to his Excellency, and therefore" they were in no way bound to carry out bis Excellency's propo- sitions when in doing so they knew that they would bc ruining the colony. He was sure that all bon. members were desirous that Lord Stanley should relieve thc colony from thc unjust and ruinous tax imposed by thc convict system, and he thought it was but fair to Iiis Excellency that that Council should by proper representation shew Lord Stanley thnt the burthen of the convict sys- tem could not be sustained by thc colony without cntniling ruin on it It was under this impression and with this view Hint he moved un adjournment, and after what bc bad said, he hoped hon. iiicm would give h'm credit for integrity of purpose. He also considered that in n case nf such import- ance as the disposnl of n Inrge sum of thc colo- nist's money, it would be at least proper that there should be a full Council. He would say no more but would rend his motioin, und leave it to the sense of the Council. He cured not what was said about bim, either in the Council or out of doors-he neted from conscientious motives, and no inducement should move him from what he con- sidered his duty. Ile thought upon so weighty n mnttcr his Excellency should be supported by the whole Council, and he would therefore move an adjournment until every member was in his place. If the hon. member now nbsent, was detained from the Council by sickness, as had been repre- sented, he (Mr. G.) was sorry for him, but if he absented himself from any other motive, he ties, pited him. I shall now move-" That as the deci- sion of this Council in thc Estimates for thc cur- rent yenr is of vital importance to thc colonists, and as it is desirable for them to know, as nlso that the Home Government should understand, the individual opinions (by the votes) of each of its members, this Council do now adjourn until every mcmher is in his seat, or until Iiis or their place is supplied by one or more, whose votes may be recorded." He hoped that hon. members would support this motion which he thought was not only for the good of the colony, but for the good of his Excellency, who would then have thc countenance acid support of the whole of the ¡ Council in a measure which would give rise to . representations to the Home Government which /' might nt last procure justice to this ill-used colony. | The Clerk in furm reud thc above motion which ¡ was seconded by Mr. Kermode. The Colonial Secretary rose to make n few rc mnrks on Mr. Grcgson's motion.- Hon. members should be aware that the Governor lind no power to compel the attendance of members, such a thing was unheard of. It wns true thnt be had power to nomimitc in the room of members who were prevented unending by peculiar circum- stances. It lind been said by the hon. member thnt it wns of vital importance to thu colony that the Estimates shcutd be well considered by all the members of thc Council, but he thought it wns of more vitnl importance if no Estimates were voted. Thc motion nowhrought before the Council would have the effect of postponing their consideration to a remote per'ud. In fact, he could sec no cud to the postponcnent upon the principle put forth by thc bon. member. These Estimates, or ones nearly similar hal already been on the tnhlc since July last, and it vas now, in the month of Octoher, proposed to ndjoirn them to nu indefinite period. What bc eompltiued of was, that although thc hon. member nthctcd that thc postponement was to enable his Exiellcncy to receive thc ndvice of the full Council, there was no extracting advice from nay of thehou. members. Hon. members were in n cnnniijmicd state, (great and general laughter,) and m power appeared allic to get ad- vice from them. Thc Governor had always ex- pressed bis reailness and willingness to meet the views of thc cniocil where bc could do so consist- ently with his dity to her Majesty ; bc considered the bon. member's motion one tending to embar- rass and cripyle his Excellency in his government. If l/irse Esdinntcs were never to bc proceeded with for cnisidemtion, where he would nsk were those (for Estimates there must bc,) that were to come ius'end ? Notwithstanding all that hud been said by hon. members against these Estimntes not even thc ghost of an Estimnte lind been sub- stituted, excepting by one member, (Captain Svvanstot,) most of whose reductions his Excel- lency hal anticipated. If these Estimntes were so object nimble, why did not hon. members conic forward boldly, and substitute sonic better ones. Hon. mcubcrs lind said n great deni about thc re- duction cf the nrticle of forage iu thc Ecclesias- tical (lefiirtnicnt. If they could propose any measure hy which thc necessary expenditure could be met, and yet continue to the clergy this article of forage, why did not they bring it for wnrd ? Ile, (the Colonial Secretary,) was sure that his Excellency wns not so wedded to thc Estimntes on thc tnhlc thnt he would refuse to profit by any suggestion by which the expenditure could be provided for, from hon. members, lint no such ndvice, as bc before stated, had been given, nor could it even bc extracted from them. With these remarks he should oppose any further adjournment which he thought would be attended with serious evil to thc colony. Captain Fenton.-Thc Colonial Secretary in op- posing the motion for adjournment, seys that we lin ve not rendered any assistance hy our advice to his Excellency. I cannot conceive how thu lum. mem- ber can sute this, when I believe that the unani- mous voices of hun. members un this side hilve been raised with advice to his Excellency to dra.v upon the Hume Government for the maintenance of thc police and gaols of thc colony. I call this good advice, grounded on reason and justice, and it would -ave his Excellency from the necessity of crippling the establishments which are fairly chargeable to the colony. When thc lum, mem- ber says that no advice hus been given to his Ex- cellency hy hon. members on this side, lie could not have listened to what had been advanced hy Mr. Dry. Mr. Gregson and other members, in the debate which lind arisen on these very Estimates. I agree with Mr. Gregson in thinking that nu such n weighty question, all hon. members should he pre- sent, especially when f remember w'hat occurred on the occasion of the protest entered against the I police and giols, when the absence of a member imposed on ymir Excellency nu invidious and pain- ful duly. It s true tli.it on that, ns «ell as on other occasiois, your Excellency is shielded by being bound I' act up to the order of ike Secre- tary ol'State fir the colonies, hut I conceive that notwithsiandiig this, the duty imposed upon your j Excellency mist he a painful one, and one which it will he mos desirable you should he relieved from. Under any circumstances it must bu un- pleasant foi ,-nur- Excellency to take the odium w hich may he attached to your currying au unpo- pular measure, simply by the power you possess of ii casting vote and it is with this feeling that I shall support he moiioii for an adjournment. His Excellency said that with respect to the re- marks of the bon. member on bis cu-tiug vote, he should always exercise that right whenever the in- terests nf the ioveriulient required his doing so, without regari tn the opinion of any person. Mr. Dry dil hope that his Excellency would consent to tin proposed adjournment, for lintier thc present eirci insinuées nothing hut his consent would avail. Ile hoped so for scveiul reasons. The Council :s it was then constituted, as respec- ted the noii-oiieial members, was n mere matter of form. The (joverninrnt hud seven voices, which were hound miler any circuuist- iiices to support »he views of the dovcrnor, mid thc noii-ollieial mem- bers had but icven votes to oppoiu to the (iover : nor's easting vole, which was sure to carry any ' measure he might now bring forward, in point of * fact, ns to nui weight thc noii-odichd manlier;* had ill tlie passing of any measure, thev might just as well he in the street as in (he Council L'hamhcr, and should hh Excellency persist in hringinu for- ward the Eslin.'lles in ? li» absente of Mr. U'Con nnr, thc men-lire, so carried, would he that of the Government done, who would he responsible for the consei|lieicrs which might, ¡Hid which he feared would, ensue to the colony. Ile (Mr. I)iy) was fully aware tint his Excellency was bound to carry nut the ordciMif bord Stanley ¡ hut he would ask what would h* the impression on any reasonable , ininti, if unil.'r thc present peculiar Constitution of the Council, the Estimates were urged forward, and passed a' they must he hy the superior strength of the Govirninent. The non-ntlicial members 1 were, in point of fact, nullities, and they might as ! well sit still, mid let the Estimates ¡lass, without 1 useless opposition to the Government party. The Governor said that he wished as much, if not more, than Mr. Dry, that Mr. O'Connor was ¡ present ; hut he could not compel him to nta'tid ; j and if tin principle contended for hy Mr. Dry and other hot. members was admitted, there would be noeud li postponements whenever any measure which untilt be unpalatable to hon. members on the otherside was brought forward. Upon any oc- casion of ibis sort one of thc hon. members then present night he taken ill, and an adjournment would enme until he was able to take his seat. Mr. Diy was compelled to say that he thought it was iiiinir to urge on thc Estimates after the expositiot he had givon of thc bearings of thc Council, 'specially as it had been admitted by His Excelleiny that the appropriation of the colonial revenue to police and goal purposes was oppressive and unjin. He begged His Excellency to pause before hi persisted in ll course whicll he lind expressei his determination to pursue, and which would cctainly entail ruin upon the colony mid every OIK' in it. He would advise Government officers ti be cautious how tlwy passed those docu- ments, characterised by the name nf Estimates ; but really so ronny figures only, for Estimates they could not he called, which, if done, would create another ('cht to ihn colony, which never could bc ! paid except hy a course "of taxation which thc colony ifould not hear. It might not he long ] before thc absent member might bc able to resume ! his sea: -, if they waiteil for him, nod the ! Estimates were carried, it would he in the assembly of thc fud Council, which would relieve the Govern- ment from thc unpleasant alternative of passing the Estimares hy themselves. Mr. Kermode said that the last time bc had heard of Mr. O'Connor, that gentleman had been occupie-1 in washing rnrns. The Colonial Secretary.-D'.d thc hon. member say hulks ur nuns í (A hugh, in which the Governor joined heartily.) Mr. Kermode.-Hains. The Chief Justice said dint il" thc present propo- sition was carried, . he could not see where it was to stop. If il was established ns a rule thal nil thc members were to be present, they would never be r.ble to do any business. Thu constitu- tion ol'thc Council provided that nothing could be done unlcsi a certain portion of thc members were present, mid tim« restriction find been considered sufficient to provide for a proper discharge of the linties. Thc regulation was analogous to tile practice of the Parliament nt home. No business could be done by the house unless ?!() members were present. No less numberconstituted a house, and lie might odd that he Inri known the most important mensures carried in the Parliament when the house was composed of hut 40 members. It was never anticipated that all thu members would be present in thc House of Commons, and in the constitution ol this Council the same principle appeared tn have been carried out. If the bon. member's proposition was carried, it would unhinge tho Act itself. It lind been said that His Excel- lency could appoint another gentlcninii in thu pince of nu nbscnt member¡ but then other bon. members might unsent themselves, and upon the principles of the proposition thc Governor might be called upon to appoint, and appo'Kit before any business could be proceeded willi. He (the Chief Justice) was of opinion that it would lie establish- ing a most destructive rule, and he should there- fore vote against it. Mr. Gregson thought that when the Chief Jus'ice rose he was going to speak upon the Charter, but bud been mistaken. His Honor had animiidverted on the proposition, he must say, ry>t altogether with truth, and hud drawn a parallel between the Council and thu Parliament of England. With all due deference to his Honor's opinion, bc (Mr. G.) contended that all members when called were bound to attend, except under special circumstances such as sickness, which must bc pleaded, anil bc would by analogy contend that snell was ibe case with the Cuuneil in this colony, and his Excellency might call upon absent members to show cause for their non-attendance, when imperatively rcipiired, anil appoint mininer member, if necessary. He would ask if tlie present was not one ol' those occa- sions on which the attendance ol' every member was imperatively required. What wns lin; question about to be brought forward? One, he would state, which might cither relieve or ruin the co- lony. It was not only thc amount of the police and gaol expenditure, and that a large one, which was sought to be laid on the shoulders of thc colonists ; but he would say, that if ever the colony were in a position to enforce its claim, it could justly demand at least haifa million, which had been unjustly drawn from it by the Home Govern- ment. Again, with this tremendous las, what, be would ask, was the state of thc colony ? There was no t'tlieient police to protect the colonists' pro- perly, which was at the mercy of the lawless bands which were always on the look-out tor plunder for it was notorious that gangs of probationers might bc seen walking thu country from station to station, on the pretence of looking for employment. With respect to an incidental remark of his Excel- lency, that bc (Mr. Gregson) bad recommended a tax on wool, he would explain what he really had said. Ile said that, looking to'lhe debt on the co- lony, if it was once admitted that the colony should be taxed, and tho ruinously expensive system was to be supported, that then bis Excellency would be obliged to levy a t.,x on wool, the staple ol' thc co- lony, and on shops, and so on. This his Excel- lency would recollect was what he (Mr. G.) bad said; and it was done to illustrate tin; prospective danger In the colony. With respect to the com- plaint that no advice had been offered to his Excel- lency by the Cuuneil, and that none could be extracted from it. He would ask could tin; Coun- cil advise his Excellency to pass tl,o police and gaol Estimates, which his Excellency had himself designated as unjust and oppressive. Ile thought that could not be expected. The Council lind ad- vised hi;' Excellency tn relieve tho colony of that tax, bul bia Kxcelluiiuy bad rufuMid lo do MO. The question was then put to the Council and thc motion was negatived by the Governor's cast- ing vote. Mr. Gregson said that he bad another motion to bring forward, which ho boped would be moro sue cessf.il than tile one which had been lost. He would move that the item., of police and gaols should be brought before the Conned at once, be- fore the other items were considered. Tile Governor said that the hon. member was very irregular in Iiis motion. The Council wa* then in committee, und when thc Estimates were brought forward, it would be competent for bim to move au amendment. Thc Colonial Secretary commenced with the I'.slimates, and on the consideration of the first item, X'ôlH, for the establishment ol'the Governor, Mr. Gregson said bc would now move-? " That it being of tho greatest importance to the j interests of this colony, and especially in its I present depressed condition, that every shilling of ils colonial revenue should he devoted solely to colonial purposes ; and it being evident I t'ont the long continued silence of I KT Majesty's Secretary ol'Stale on the claims of the colonists, that unless tin: most prompt and decided measures mc now adopted, greater individual and more general ruin must ensue. And as it is a maxim founded upon truth, that what is unjust cannot in a true seline be , necessary (thc sacrifice ol' principle to circum- stances being in every instance as unwise as it is unworthy,) this Council do d' cline voting the ; sums staled ill the Estimates laid upon tito tabb: j for the payment of the judicial, police, ami goal establishments during the ensuing year, ns far as ; thc expenses of the convict depm uncut, willi référ- ence to these items, are concerned i ut the same lime, in doing so, they desire to place upon record j mi expression ol'regret that they should by a sense I of public duly be compelled tn adopt anv measure j likely even toiupuianly to hamms his Excellency's Thc Governor said bc did not wish to interfere with the hon. member's arrangements, hut bc would propose that Mr. Gregson would defer his motion until one of tho objectionable items came ululer discussion. Mr. Gregson said be would prefer pressing his motion at that time, because if he thought lhere would be any doubt of his carrying it, bc should feel it to be his duty lo oppose every item seriatim. The Clerk to thc Council read Mr. Gregson's motion. The Colonial Secretary said it appeared to him that thc motion was a begging ol' the question. There was a want of poetical application ol' the question which appeared lo he merely a subterfuge. He was sorry to lie forced so to designate il. As to what regarded the police and gaol expenditure, two rules were laid down which could bc followed out by boo. members, mid which pointed out the only way in which tim question could he properly grappled with. The first nih; was where thc 1 minority in the Council dissented from thc govcrn ! nient, which dissent was writlen down on the ; Minutes of Council, and thc Governor was called : on to transmit thc Estimates and the Protests to ! the Secretary of State, and bc would obsirve that ! it would bc much better for hon. members to state some sum for the expenditure, than to oppose the grant of any. Thc other rule was where ibe ma- jority of thc Council dissented from Hie govern- ment. Tiley were then bound to state their rea- sons for such dissent, and these reasons were sent borne to thc Secretary of State, who would ar- range thc matter by ordering nu average, or pro- viding for thc item in a durèrent irai', and it struck lum (the Colonial Secretary.) that if bon. members did dis ent from thc Government, they should follow whichever of these rules were appli- cable to their case, lie must say that he entirely dissented Mom the motion. Mr. Gregson.- I see that a determination on thc part of your Excellency's Government to de- feat every measure brought forward by the non- government members of this Council. The Governor.-No, only unconstitutional mea i seres, nilli this one uppenrs to me to bc unconsti- tutional. I Mr. Gregson aniel bc must repent thnt the bon. members of his Excellency's Government appcar I eil determined to oppose every mensure brought [ forward by thenon-ollirinl members, nuil licwouhl warn them thnt if they passed thc Estimules in their present form, they wouli! entail odium on them, which they never would bc ublc to relieve themselves from. Ile advised them to pause, and be told his Excellency that if (hu must usc ustrong term) bc dared to reduce the police force, us was contemplated, be would bring ruin, moral and li nnuciid on thc cohmy. Ile believed be was horne out in this assertion by almost every individual in thc colony. It was notorious that thc police force was not, in its present state, sutlicicut for thc pro- tection of property, lt was a common thing to sec a hundred sheep at a time driven away to sonic remote part to bc shorn for the wool. Mr. Kermode corroborated this statement, and the Chief Justice guve signs of dissent. Mr. Gregson was sony to obseiveihat when any assertion was made by hon. liiemhei's on Ibis side, it was sure to he met hy his Excellency's Guicrn ineui hy a ll.it contradiction. Mr. 'Gleason's resolution was then put lo the Council, and lo-t hy thc Governor's two votes. The (inveriinr.- '.'lie ipiesiiun hefoic the Council ls, for the MIHI of .t'.'ilS tor his Excellency thc Gu ver.'s Establishment. Mr. Div »aid, that before the question was put be wished lor information in some of the in nis of thc Estimate-. There appeared un item ol' no less than .C-'(),fMO required to supply the deficiency of Inst >eur, nnd he would like lo bc i ii i'm in eil whether Mich II chinee was likely to he icqu'ired for the year 18-lfi, Ile should like tn have the items cnni pnsin« that MIHI explained seriatim befóte he was called mi to con.M'iler the oilier parts nf the Esti- mates. It was the practice in New Smith Walis to explain the Estimates, item hy item, and if ex- pedient there, he thouitlit it was not le>s sn here. His Excellency sa'd it was nut usual tu give a statement of the details of deficiency. Mr. Di v.-Hut expedient, jour Excellency. The Colonial Secretary said, that he should feel very happy to render any iufnrmuthm on the Esti- mates cquircd hy hon. members. With renard to the fust item nf -C5(ll Ms. ld. to His Excellency the Gmcrnor and thc Juders, it arose out of va- rious Indispensable coiitinucncies-Mich as extra police ; however, he had no ri. MI ht but that the Co- lonial Auditor could iiiiMvcrMr. Dry mure tully. The Colonial Auditor said, it was lmpos-llde fi answer every question from meillon, hut thal he would, it nece>»ary, be prep.iied with a statement to hiv before thc Council at a future day which would explain »ll thc items. A con« crs.itiiui then took place relative to thc explanation of the several items on the 21 eli pane nf the Estimates, which were set forth a« sums required lo supply deficiencies, and to cover ex- penses not provided for in the Estimate of Eviieti ilitnic f..r tlic year 1811. And the Colonial Audi- tor having stated that he could he ready lo lay on the table an explanatory paper on Friday, Air. Dry said that he would move an adjournment of thc Council tn that day. The minion was seconded hy Mr. Grccson. The Governor put the motion to thc Council, when it was ueuatived hy the Governor's two vines. The Estimates were then proceeded with j and Mr. Gieuson, Captain l'ennui, and Mr. Dry having withdriwn, thc entire of the Estimates were con- sidered in Committee. Tiic Governor then piopoMil that the Council should resume, nuil thnt the Apprnpriinioii Hill should bc lead, lt appeared, howeier, that there were not sufficient m. milers present to cotjMltutc a Council, and an adjournment was made to 2 o'clock on Wednesday. 