ROME. (From the Tablet, July 25.) Tll latest date from Rome is the 11th, and one of he most interesting pictures of the new Pontifieate is to be fosund in the following letter of the 11th, in Ibe Uelers:. "1I werite to you under the impression of a general y, whic jygnu wiill no doubt share in, as well as al' the good Catholics of France. Few days have passed since Pius IX. first occupied the chair of St. Peter, and already all hearts are his. You know that the Romans, perhaps the most independent of all people, ire never in haste to give their affection to those who govern them. The mistake which had led to the tlief in the election of a very popular candidate might also have proved very serinius to any other tan to him whom thie H!oly Ghost has chosen. flut he virtues of the new 'Pontiff, whlich made him riumph from the first day over a moment of popular asitation, render him at present the object of uni venal admiration and enthusiasm. The course of btfe consecrated to piety, jlsetice, and holiness, has lentrared back. The noble sentiments, the beautiftil rtions, the gravity of manners, the zeal, devotion L the salvation of souls, all have been brought to light. At Rome. (Chili, Spolets, Imola, among the per a smong 'the' rich, wherever hits servant has Iestf, Gond has been glorified; and as he whose npresentative Ithis'idny he is, lhe went about doing pel f'rcrnsit " beirn eiefndo). Saluthry reforms useols wrought, and the better to accomplish them Bas Hllin"ss begins wthls his own household, already ausdoerate as compared to that of other Sovereigns. Alsavla o,v incidents are related which depict the nrthfcclnss, the firmness, the spirit of order, and t~,ovlnsai of the new Pontilf. lie leas reducedl Ia stus, forbidden the use of plate'at his table, and Finished all the expenses of the Sacrled Palace. i eprople rise, and' halil with joy a reign which mmrnces under such happy auspices. The upper almiddle classes of itizens, whon, a month ago, elnotteancal their discontent, now express with tosof joy die hopes that Plius IX. inspires them idi. All this society, so intellectual; which polsts irsatirewith so much malice, and yet so reasonable alsotrely decvoted to the Papacy. What lbenedic as,;:what thanksgivings do they not send to hrae to thank God for having given to tile Church Pontitlso holy, and to the Roman States a Sove idgs so worthy to govern them. The common .elek,shso, have their own way of appieciating the oloy Father. They tell him to his face- at tile door oh hit carriage, ' How handsome you are! i What every noble Pope ! What a specimen of a man ! hIlyFather,your blessing!' ' Quanto siete bello o! dthyFanellissimo Papa :cho belpezzo d'uomo.! Santo Padre, la benedizione !' . "A few days since the Pope gave asurprise to all etity; it was a real coup d'etat. HIlis Ioliness retonfootfrom the Quirinal to tohe Convent of lisitation. It was the fato of the Church, and b Ihlolineas wished to perforni Mass. After. prayers Sfook a cup of chocolate, and returned to the dheie as hlie hd come. An immense crowd hlad as-. tbled,ad saluted him with cries of ' Bravo, bra tainmo,most holy Father,' 'You at least allow ounrsef to be seen.' This unexpected visit 'was luall by a singular circumstance. A Frenchs ta, the Mlarquis de N--, whose liiety had led him,' ai?eas the Pope, to the Chulrch of tile Visitation,, 'hiatill( foot of tlie- altar when hs'. Holiness en kdI,and as he was preparing to receive the com tarni,he expressed a wish to recelve.it from the hlosor the Pope himself. An obliging prelate "'*vnlecrdl, after some hesitation,.to .jako .this re pastkmown to Ihis Holiness, andr it was received tSithuch a gracious consent, that the amiable in crldiaey did not repent of what he had done. At 19 moment of receiving tihe communlop, tlhe pous arquis Is N-ascended on his knees the steps of laltar,and his wishes were fufilled. XIls Excel-' ky Caludial de Bonald was thereat pypyers, and mjoyldthe success of our excellent countryman. I levosly time to add that the decree of an amnesty 6 t idy been drawn up, and will shortly be ptblihal, . M thle counts bear out the statement of tile - im pbOilpularity acquired by the new Ponitff, and hoipes entertained from tile now Pontificate. Aliterof the 4th in the Db"ln. Elvening Post Ieakl is tile same strain s .. A usual, however, the. new Pope linas begun to ttgreatobject of interest and of curiosity. The c5ountsyu lhave heard of him are correct In the min, rept that which represents him.as the erea ltes! France, and the enemy of the Jesuits. This 'I darling fabrication of the PIazza'SS Apostoll 14 Frech embassy.) TIhe fact is, that he .was 'al before any of tihe amlassadors had received "it Instructions from home. His election is a yltty ti the whole city-even (as I know from scoasl Information) to the electors thlemselves. ti whoi know Pills IX know that hee cannot be f, the creaturo'or thoetool of any individual, or of any t court. " As regards his physique, lie is of middle size, of a pleasing. and graceful figure, iith very little of the Italian about his look-much more of what dis tinguishes our own countrymen. His manner is easy, but dignified; and at the High Mass, Ves `pers, &c.; in which lie has officiated, he won golden opinions from the musical' Romans by the fulness and melody.of' his voice, which is really a very fine one. " The highestexpectations are entertained regard ing him, especially in the northern states, of which lhe is a native, and in .which ie lived as Bishop. His family thopgh noble, are. of the popular side in politics, and hjs own sentiments are believed to in cline similarly. He has just named a commission to inquire ani report onn;the social and political condition of the..states, and from. the elements of which it is formed much.good is expected.": The Pope often :visits Cardinal Micara; .who con tinues ill.: Io has:appointed the Abb6'Graziosi as .his private secretary. The Abboewais formerly his ,tutor. . isi Holinesslhasaconferred the order of St. .Gregory on Professor Betti, Secretary of the Aca demy of St. Luc, and author of Italia lllastre. At .Sinigaglia, his birth-place, in the midst of the de monstratioins of joy his elevation lias called forth, a society has been formed to raise a statue to him, and to restore ari" ancient aqueduct for furnishirig water to the towni, to he baleld Acquapia,'in allusion to his name of :Pius.;' soibsi'iption already. amounts to 80,000 scudi. As to 'tiiabst irimpditust hfairs,'however, nothing certain wias known up to the 11th. The Amnesty, it is said, vwas determined on, and the decree formally drawn up, but it was not then published. The diffi culties that, had r been raised concerned the servants of the Government;,i lho are compromised in the late movements; i.'e. priests, monks, civil and military officers, &c.; Thie Piope's Council is said to beh divided about the Reforms. It has been proposed to lay a tax upon the pro perty of the clergy, and upon this there have been warm discussions. The dismissal of the Swiss Guard has also bee . roposetl and opposed. The Govern ment is bound by ~l.:cintracit, ilhich has six years to run ; but os cexamining it with Ihis own eyes, the Pope Ihs discovered a means of commencing the Reform without violating his engagements. The contract stipulates that the Swiss soldiers shall be Catholics, which rmany thousands of these soldiers are not; so it is intended to begin by disbanding these. Other lc'ters.n, however, speak of a decision by the` Council against disbanding, by a majority of four to two. " The formation of tlei Cabinet seems still unsettled. The correspondcnt of. the Times hasi a story on this subject, whidh seems h'ardly credible:--Austria was believed to have protested against the elevation of Cardinal Gizzito theC post of Under .Secretary of State fir Foreign AtTairs, and to have proposed for that office Prince Altirri, former Nuncioof the Hlloly See at Vienna. C' ,,:, Rossi, on his side, combatted the nomination of the latter, because of hin supposed, attachment to Austrii'; b,ut those wiho knew tile Prince described him as perfectly independent, and declared that, if the Pope seriously deSirdl tire in terests of the Church andl the emancipation of the Roman GCovernnrnnt from all foreign inluence, lhe could not make a Letter choice." The formation of railrmlai throughi the Roman States appears.to be settled. The Times says : "'The Pope lhas"athoriose ti?_' ?peOnig of a railroad communication between the Meditterranean and the Adriatic.,. On.Uho,e.~h .Iles Holiness gave permission; to survey the countryu whichl the roid is to traverse between Civitin Vrcehia and Rome, and between Rome and Ancona. Another iailway line equally advantageoush to the Puintific;il dominions, andl tio Igations in particular, was said to have likewise, received IIIh Papal sanction." The same letter in the Times says; that Ilis Toll ness had granted, some days before, a private nu dience to Don .iguel, who, lwho, aburing under grer t distress, entreatedhtl e continuation'of the pension of 8,000 scudis, which the late Pope allowed him enut of his own private purse. The Papal Government,-it was believed, was about to send a Niuncio to the Court of Prussia. " 