STATE OF IRELAND — PLAIN SPEAKING. The Nation noticing rumours of a threat ened coercion act, lias the following violently seditious and reprehensible re marks : — ' For actual measures of coercion, all Ireland laughs at that coward threat. The military uses (or abuses) of railways arc -7 tolerirh]y«$|rell understood; but it might be, useful to-tgrbrnulgate through the country, to be renrTby all Repeal Wardens in their parishes, a few short and easy rules as to theipode of dealing with railways in case of any enemy daring to make a hostile UBe of them. The bold Hollanders once pre vented their country from being overrun by the French armies, by laying it tinder ' water ; they opened the embankments and admitted the sea ; and in one day those fertile plains, with all their waving corn, were a portion of the stormy German Ocean. Aud railways, though inconceiv ably valuable to people as highways of commerce, yet were belter dispensed with for a lime limn allowed to become a means of transport for invading armies. ' A hint on this subject may be thought enough ; but we see no objection to speak ing plainly ; and, therefore, we give a few practical views, which may be improved as engineers turn their attention to the subject. ' First, then, every railway within five miles of Dublin could in one night be totally cut off from the interior country. To lift a mile of rail, to fill a perch or two of any cutting or tunnel, to break down a piece of an embankment, seem obvious and easy enough. ' Second, the materials of railways — good hammered, iron and wooden sleepers —need we point out that such tilings may be of use in other lines than assisting lo comotion. ' Third, troops upon their march by rail might be conveniniently met with in divers places. Hofer, and his Tyroleans, could liaidly desire a deadlier ambush than the brinks of a deep culling upon a railway. Imagine a few hundred men lying in wait upon such a spot, with passes of rock and trunks of trees ready to roll down — and a train or two advancing wilh a regiment of infantry— and the engine panning nearer and nearer, till the polished studs of brass on its front are distinguishable, and its name may nearly be read : ' Now in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost 1 — now ? ' ' But 'tis a dream. No enemy will dare put us to realise these scenes. Yet, let all understand what a railway may, and what it may not do,' Tnrc 1'niLosoniEH and his Bbidk. — There were two mailers connected with the event on which they had a alight difference of opinion at the outset. All other preliminaries having been settled, ' Adam, dear,' said tbe betrothed, ' where shall we orJer our wedding cake, nnd whom shall we send cards to !' ' A wedding-cake,' cxclnimed Crotch, astonished, 'Cards, my dear girl; what do you winitwith either?' 'Oh I we must have them, of course, love,' she replied. ' Why, of course t' asked Ihi; iihilosupher. ' You're not fond of sweets, neither nil) I, and the very few friends we mean lo visit «e can write to.' But they will expect,' urged the younjf lady, ' our cards and a piece of cake. We should consider others, you know, Adam.' ' Yes, my dear,' said Crotch, ' of course we should, but what bene fit would anybody derive from our sending them a mouthful of plumcake! What is it to eatt There would be something in a large lump; but that is out of the auestion. As to cards. they are wholly unnecessary. I object to them on principle, as conventional humbug, dictated by the mere caprice of society.' ' Still,' pleaded Amelia, ?' we bad better do what is usual.' 'Granted,' he returned, ' when there is no particular reason to the con trary, I admit your abstract proposition. But, in this instance, we shall lose money. It will cost us mo or three guineas at least; and for ivlini! No pleasure to curselvvs or anybody els;.' 'But surely we can afford it, dear.' ' Nobody can, that is, ought, to afford mere waste. Not a farthing ought to be so squan dered. It had better be jiiren a«»y in charity.' ' But people will be offended, dearest, if we don't send them nliat they will ejtpect.' 'Then let them .be offended, my girl 1' ex claimed Ailafli Crotch : ' why should we regard unreasonable people!' 'Oh, you know, Adam,' she aiisivered, ' it isn't everybody that's liko you; nud it is best not to muke enemies, isn't it T' 'Humph!' ejaculated the philosopher, musing, as if this lust consideration had some weight with him, 'there's something in that. Well, come, we'll e'en follow the ways of this absurd world for once. But, Amelia, mind one thing: we'll have none of lliut silly silver twist about our cards. That is a piece of fiddle* laddie, not only imbecile, but, to me, disgust ingly vulgar. ' Do you think so°t'' was Amelia's answer, in a tone which rather in clined her lover to doubt whether her advocacy of curds and bride-enke »n»e from motives strictly of policy. Bride-cake and cards, bow ever, though by no means with the goodwill of Crotch, were ordered. 'It will cost us, he thought, 'just three guineas more to be mar ried than I hed calculated. In what can we retrench tu meet tbe loss V'—Jerrotd's Mag. TiieDeatuWatc h.— Though natural lustory Ioiij; ago declared luat tuese sounds proceed from a little harmless insect, hundreds of believers still exist who refuse to be pur suaded that the nuise is not prophetic of tlie cliariiel-uouse. Even those who have been brought to credit the fact of tlie ticking being made by an insect, are reluctant all at once to abandon a gloomy notion, and therefrom affirm that the sound is still significant of death ; for say they, it comes from a spider in the act of dying, and when the ticks cease, the creature is dead. Many intelligent persona are aware that this lutier opinion is equally erroneous with the former ; but as others may lack such correct information, it might not be altogether superfluous to suite that the insect in qutnesoi is not a spider, but the 'pediculus of old wood, a species of verities belonging to die order aptera, in the Linnoen system.' It is very di minutive. There are two kinds of death watches. One is very different in appearance from the other. The former only beats sev»n or eight quick .strokes eta time; the Jotter will beat some hours together more deliberately, and without ceasing. Tuis ticking, instead of having anything to do with death, is * joyous sound, and as harmless as the cooing of a dore. It is to be regretted that science, to which wa owe so many blessings— so much, of health, both bodily and mental— should haveroudean inconsiderate compromise with superstition, by namin' this lively and harmless liule creature »«o/it*aj7fl-that is, the 'dealb-preeoger.'— Ainsivorth's Magazine. — ' May I request of your lordship to re pent what you have just saul,' demanded a schoolboy of another, on hearing a laugh, and suspecting something insulting towards liira selt. ' All I have said, (replied the ladling in a scoffing manner), is, that nobody knows what you are; vou have the misfortune, sir, not to be known.1' 'And all I have to say in return is, that everybody knows what you ure ; you have the misfortune, in/ lord, to lie (ciiowu.'r ? An officer and a lawyer talking of (he disastrous battle of Anerstiult, the ibrinerwai lamenting the number of brave soldiers who fell on this occasion, when the bwyerobserved, that those who live by the sword must «xpect to die by the ewprd. ?' By a similar rule (»nr swereil tbe 'officer) those who li»e hj the law must expect to die by the law.' . ._ ,. _ . . L A UNCESfON. —Printed fur the 'proprietor by Hint Uowiino, 1'rlnler, or Brlibsno-ilrect, Launccilon, at Ihe l'rlnllnjr-ofllco of W« Lam cctm Aimtiur, 111 Urisunnc.ilrreti'rorcialdi.and published l-y the laid Henhv Dowmmg, at Ihe Stationery Warehouse, in Uriibsne-BUeet, afore. uld.—Tuuasnir, May 7, 1816. - 