STATE OF IRELAND. THE Nation noticing rumours of a threatened coercion act, has the following remarks : " For actual measures of coercion, all Ire- land laughs at that coward threat. The military uses (or abuses) of railways are tolerably well understood ; but it might be useful to promulgate through the country, to be read by all Repeal Wardens in their parishes, a few short and easy rules as to the mode of dealing with railways in case of any enemy daring to make a hostile use of them. The bold Hol- lander once prevented their country from being overrun by the French armies, by laying it under water ; they opened the embankments and admitted the sea and in one day those fertile plains, with all their waving corn, were a portion of the stormy German Ocean. And railways, though inconceivably valuable to people as highways of commerce, yet were better dispensed with for a time than allowed to become a means of transport for invading armies. A hint on this subject may be thought enough j but we see no objection to speak- ing plainly; and, therefore, we give a few practical views, which may be improved as engineers turn their attention to the subject. "First, then every railway within five miles of Dublin could in one night be totally cut off from the interior country. To lift a mile of rail, to fill a porch or two of any cutting or tunnel, to break down a piece of an embank- ment seem obvious and easy enough. " Second, the materials of railways-good hammered iron and wooden sleepers need we point out that such things may be of use in other lines than assisting locomotion. Third, troops upon their march by rail might be conveniently met with in divers places. Holes, with his Tyrolean could hardly desire a deadlier ambush than the brinks of a desponding upon a railway. Imagine a few hundred men lying in wait upon such a spot, with masses of rock and trunks of trees ready to roll down and a train or two advancing with a regiment of infantry and the engine punting nearer and nearer, till the polished studs of brass on its front are distinguishable, and its name may nearly be read : ' Now in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost 'snow-' "But 'tis a dream. No enemy will dare put us to realise these scenes. Yet, let all understand what a railway may, and what it may not do." 