THE RELIGIOUS MOVEMENT IN GERMANY. It seems that this movement is not quite so satisfactory to the Protestant party as has been supposed. There ap- pears to be good grounds for supposing that Ronge is really an infidel. He is the head of the Rational Party, whose doctrines are thus described in the Port Phillip Christian herald :— The term Rationalist is applied to a school of Theological writers, unhappily numerous on the Continent, especially in Germany. Their leading principle is that human reason is the tribunal at which all doctrines purporting to be divine must be judged of; and whatever they choose to consider irrational, they reject. Some of them go much farther than others, but they generally treat the Holy Scriptures with a boldness of criticism, which no really rational critic would dare to apply to any ancient book. Among the doc- trines very commonly rejected as irrational are the Trinity, the Deity of Jesus, the Atonement, Regeneration by the Spirit, and the Inspiration of the Bible. They very frequently explain away, or even turn to ridicule, the miracles of scripture. The worst living is Strauss, (the same we believe who composes Waltzes and Operas.) Ronge, we fear, leans towards Rationalism, though we have reason to think that he does not go with them to their wildest extravagancies. Czerski is undoubtedly the most scripturally sound of those who have recently left the Church of Rome in Germany. It seems that the Free Church of Scot- land sent a letter of remonstrance to Rouge and his fellow- separatists, which called forth the following reply from M. Czerski, who it seems had quarrelled with Ronge, and established himself at the head of a distinct party : A Brief Reply to a Letter from the Free Church, addressed to me along with the Rev. J, Ronge, and Others. Beloved Brethren,--The disapproving 'sentiments which you have expressed in your honored letter, of 9th October, '1845, addressed to all those communi ties that separated from the Roman Ca- 'tholic Church, as it their tenets were not quite scriptural, cannot by any means apply to all, and particularly not to the congregation of Schneidemuhl, nor to any of those who follow the same course with us. We have separated from the Roman Church, because doc- trines of men are there more highly es- teemed than the laws of God, and be- cause consequently, in that Church, God is worshipped in vain—doctrines being taught there, which are none but the commandmcnts of men according to 'Christ's words in Mark vii. 7. We have separated from a body that, in the spirit -of the Pharisees, boasts of holiness, and in self-righteousness looks down with contempt upon those who cannot approve of these ways. We have forsaken the earthly God ; but not in order to wander without a guide, but rather to cling more closely to our God in Heaven—to take hold of his fatherly hand, and not to let it go through our whole life, and to be guided by His laws. We have aban doned the pretended viceroy of Christ, not in order to separate from Christ, but rather to get nearer to Him, and to ne knowledge Him as the only head of His Church, and to be consecrated by the Holy Ghost whom he hast left to the world—that Eternal One whom He has left on the earth in His place. How could we separate from Christ, since we know and confess with Peter, that He has the words of eternal life—since we know that he is a liar who denies that Jesus is the Christ, that he is Antichrist who denies 'the Father and the Son— since we know that he who denies the Son has not the Father? I must, how ever, with grief confess, that the reform which was begun by me, has not every where been followed out in the spirit of true Christianity; but that many false prophets have arisen, who endeavour to exchange some doctrines of men for other doctrines of men, who, trusting in their weak understanding, endeavour to establish doctrines which do not agree with the truth revealed by our Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God. Neither is it possible that they could agree, for the flesh is ever opposed to the spirit, and the human understanding, darkened by the atmosphere of the earth, is always opposed to the wisdom of God. However, I have at once sepa rated from these nominal Christians, and have openly expressd my disapproba- tion of their unchristian doctrines. I have separated from Ronge's party — from Ronge himself, who himself strives to be God, and endeavourr to deprive the Lord Jesus of his glory. I know that these infatuated men, like unto the fallen angels, shall be thrown down from the height of their pride. Many other congregations have with me separated from the so-called Leipsic Cancilium, and we adopt as the rule of our faith the Holy Scriptures in all its bearings, and the doctrines contained therein, as Divine Revelations to which our understanding must be subject. Jesus Christ is our all,— He is the son of the living God— He has revealed the will of the Father to us—He has filled the chasm between earth and Heaven which has been caused by sin—He has reconciled man— kind to God--He has redeemed us by his precious blood on the cross, and has sanctified us through the Holy Ghost He is the only mediator between God and man; before Him, every creature must bow in the dust, for He is the only begotten of the Father. On account of this my candid confession, I am perse- cuted from all sides—not only by the Roman Church, but also by Ronge's party, who deny Christ, and who at tempt to raise the human understanding to be an object of worship. But I am not surprised at this persecution; for Christ has predicted to all his true fol lowers, that they should be persecuted for his name's sake. If they have per secuted Christ, how should they not per secute his followers ? "'The disciple is not above his Master, nor the servant above his Lord." But you, beloved brethren, in a far country, I request.- assist us with your earnest prayers that God miy give us grace to care for his kingdom with our strength. Do not withdraw your kind hand, for we are now orphans and forsaken, and are only supported by our trust in God. We believe that this God of love will awaken tihe hearts of our brethren, and that they will assist us in our need, and will unite their exertions with ours for the spread ing of the kingdom of God upon earth. Yours faithfully in Christian love, J. CZERSKI. 