FIGHTING FYANS. > Hamlet — f4 By IJeiiven I'll mike a Ghost of him that lets me." Truly antipodal are we in llie most comprehensive sense of the term — re- versed not only geographically, but morally. Wisdom in New South Wales becomes folly in England, and v'ce versa — just as the daylight of the one country is the darkness of the other. The law of the pistol is no sooner con- demned. by the. social and legislative advancement of the Mother Country, than it rises into Estimation in New Holland. :In. the Portland. Gazette of the 30th ultimo, we read as follows — 41 It really strange that the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the Portland Day District w allowed by the Government to continue so long to insult and tyrannise oxer all with whom he either officially comes in contact or has the least possible excuse for holding correspondence Having either read or heard of Mr. ' Benjamin Boyd's evident e before the Land Grievance Committee of the Legislative Council, during its last session, he immediately wrote to that gentle man, in a style its vulgar as it was destitute of every principle of correct composition, designat ing hi statements false, and demanding an apology ! !i might have been supposed (hat any individual ot the bead of the Government would hove instantly ordered the Commissioner either to withdraw the offensive document and express his regret at ever having penne J it, or to be dismissed ; but, no; whilst, as a matter of course. Sir George Gipps had to write to him, and, ns ii matter of courtesy, or rather, duty, en closed to Mr Boyd a copy of the letter he had directed to be sent to Captain Fynns, yet, in n note accompanying that copy , His Excellency requested Mr. Boyd to say nothing further on the subject I ! What a sample of n Governor is here! A gentleman, one of the largest stockholders, and possessed of, t erhapa, more varied nod extensive information tbnn uuy other man in the colony, is summoned before the most important Board to give evidence upon a question which has ogituted the country more than any other which has ever arisen since its first settlement by Europeans, and because he. in the discharge of bis public duty, declares not only what he himself believes to be the truth, but which he afterwards obtained documentary evidence in abundance to prove w«s the truth — in despite of all this lie is to be rudely assuiltd by one wbo«e ignorance is backed by the unconstitutional — the onti-Uritisb powers of, God be pruised, the (bis day delunct Crown Lands Act, and, when he appeals to the Governor for protection find redress, he is requested not to say uny thing more on the subject 1" It is not so very lone ago that we heard the virtue of " Lynch law" re commended by one magistrate; and it is but a very few days since, that a Justice of the Peace rode a distance of four hun dred miles to break it. With these ex amples before him, we might be it-duced to make some excuse for the conduct of Captain Fyans, were the circumstances which awakened his indignation of so provocative a nature as those connected with the "examples" referred to. It ap pears that Mr. Boyd, in reply to certain legislative inquiries, spoke candidly as to the extent of his information and observation, touching the despotic powers vested in Crown Land Commis sioners, and the purposes, in most in stances, to which they were perverted. Captain Fyans' official career afforded nature to be olnftteS . is worWFy s pastoial dictatorship excited a good deal of indignation and surprise — certain little graphic pictures (j>ar parent hise,) descriptive of the official excentricities of this fighting Justice, and the relation in which the interests of those subjected to his control stood to the proportion of bile on his worshipful stomach, (it being more than currently reported that a luckless stirrup-cup of sour milk cost one unfortunate his run,) reached him> and to prove the falsi'y of the evidence, and the mildness of his own temper, he forthwith proposes to shoot Mr. Boyd, (a squatter in his, Captain Fyans,' dis trict,) through the head ! Naturally feeling more contempt than anger at the wretched spectacle of this grey beard's in temperance, he disdained to resent his insolence, other than by placing the matter before the Governor; and what does His Excellency do? Does lie remind this servant of the crown, that however painful to his feelings, such disclosures as those made by Mr. Boyd, might be, such statements were re quired by the Legislature, and not in accordance with his oath when subjected to the enquiry — does he tell Mr. Foster Fyans that Mr. Boyd, as a magistrate! sworn to preserve the peace, had obeyed the obligation, which Mr. Fyans sought to violate — does he caution Mr. Fyans ol this wilful abandonment of his sworn duties, and of the effect of his example- does lie inform him that, however much he may regret the necessity, his duty as the Representative of the Crown in this col' ny, obliges him publicly to discou rage an equally public attempt on the part of a magistrate, to unprovokrdly seek the blood of his fellow man ; and that lie should be wanting in his duty to his Queen, and to the people over whose weal lie is deputed to superintend, were he to allow a professed duellist to dese crate the justice seat — does he re mind Mr. Fyans of the consistency of his sitting in judgment on any outrage that may be brought before him, and preaching the mildness and humanity of British law, while inwardly convinced of the superior legislation of the pistol — does his Excellency, as he is bound to do, adopt any of these courses? Far from it. He sanctions the acts of bis subor dinate, by not reproving them ; for in the words of our contemporary, " lie requests Mr. Boyd to say nothing fur ther on the subject." Further comment is unnecessary. 