HAYDON'S LECTORESov PAINTING AND DESIGN. From the Spcctclor. T lit present volume of the Led Mies which Mr Haydon has delivered at the Mechanics Instituteandoiher popular societies throughout the country, is more general in its topics than its predecessor. The importance of studying nature, in opposition to what is called invention, is illustrated by the example of Wilkie, who in his earlier and better style was not only indebted to actual observation for his cliaractcrs and the action in which they were engaged, but never painted any part of h.s picture without a model before him ; and of Fuzeli, who designed, as children say, " all out of his own head," and did not or rather could not use a model, as " nature always put him out." In the principle there is no novelty ; it is one that Reynolds recutslo again and again, treating it in various aspects, and illustrating it from the examples of the great masters; but interest and aptness are given to the two lectures by taking two contemporary painters so well known to all admirers of pictures or frequente-s of exhibitions, and who so well illustrate the principle in question, though so diametrically opposite in every other respect. The lectures are further renderedI attractive by a biographical cl.a- W , ; , n H vrfnn r r W ?w n r a l e l y : knovMUo Haydon and he and Wilkie were ; fellow students and intimate friends. The : reminiscences, indeed do not always bear i r ^ i f f i , ^ M r s s ^ interest. There are also some digressions by Mr Haydon to other men and other matters, which if they do not very logically further the direct object of the lectures, having a bearing upon ait and an anecdotical attraction. .Anecdote, in some form or oilier, is in fact the basis of the two lectures. We quote a few specimens— TRAITS OF Fl'ZELI. " Hispoiverof conversation was very great and very delightful; but he had no vigour of argument. A very entertaining collection might be made of his sayings, "Inall schools of drawing,"chalk is rubbed out by bread. One night, a student, gifted with more self-conceit than genius, handed his chalk drawing to Fuzeli with an affected humility, by asking him i! he thought it wanted any bread. Fuzeli, perceuing he wanted to be praised, thundered out— " Yeas, gate a loafle, and youse it all." * " One great quality of Fuzeli was his accessibility to the humble and the poor student, if he had a spark of talent; no matter wli.it might be his condition ol want oi necessity. Fuzeli would attend lo him with an attention as if he was a boy of rank. * " Fuzeli never did, or never could, resist a witty flash, let who would be before him; and as many people were or icpute and station in situation and the world, lie engendered enemies in every position. If be were being beaten in argument, he cut it short by a rudeness which stopped conveisalion alto- gether. " Once an editor had or was having the best of an argument about Milton, when Fuzeii thundered out, " The (aci is, all editors are scoundrels." " Sir Humphrey Davy Was decidedly beating Fuzeli in argument at Johnson's" table, when Fuzeli arcfily said, ' What is the use of chemistry ?' ' Why,* replied Davy, " More to me than Nature is to you, Mr Fuzeli.' He never spoke another word." There is criticism in the following hits. FUZLLt's GHOST FF HAMLET. "The finest conception of a ghost which ever flashed on a painter's imagination was Fuzeli's of the Ghost in Hamlet. There it quivered in martial stride, and round its vizored head was a halo of light that seemed sulphureous) one smeltthe'burning, cindery suffocation of hell! " The moon shone dimly behind, while the sea seemed roaring as if disturbed by something supernatural; the spirit looked on Hamlet as if it did not see, but felt hii presence ; and the eye had a light at lbs bottom like fl lion-eye at his feeding. " But yet it was a German ghost, and had more of the fiend than the fatlicr; ,it had nothing to touch human sympathies; combined with the' infernal, (here was no 'countenance more in sorrow than in anger,' no sable silvered beard of venerable age. " It was a fierce demoniacal smile, an iron- clothed fier.d, reeking from hell, and his crimes not yet purified for heaven !" CAKOYA O.V WEST AND«CZELI, " 1 said to Canova ' AU moins il [West] compose assez bien." * Non, Monsieur, il ne compose pas, il met des figures en groupes,' he replied. 1815. " When Canova was in England in 1815, 1 asked him, after he had visited Fuzeli, what he thought of him ? With the discrimination of a great genius, which undoubt edlyhe was, lie made this exquisite hit — ' Ve ne sono in arte due cose, il fnoco e la flamma; RafFaello ebbe il /uoco, Fuzeli la fiamma solatnente.' Immortally said! a lesson to us all. " ' There are two things in art—the fire and the flame—Raffaelle had the fire, Fuzeli only the flame.'" Although both Wilkie and Fuzeli were the Lecturer's dear friends, there is no lack of shade in their portraits. Fuzeli's, however, is merely fair criticism; Wilkie's goes e little further in spirit, if not in substance. If we take Mr Haydon's accounts implicitly, David Wilkie was a poor, mean-spirited creature, without a word or will of his own, when tlie opinion of the patronising world was in question. According to Haydon. Wilkie refused to walk with him iR the street, after Haydon had made himself enemies by writing against the Academy; and so abused him at dinner-parties for his conduct towards the Academicians, that even Haydon's enemies despised Wilkie for his subserviency. Of the prudent principle which actuated Wilkie in his intercourse with this " world," Mr Haydon gives the following account, with a strange story of Reynolds and Lord Barrington — " The disputes between patrons and painteis lead to a very important question of grent interest and consequence to the young student in his beginningand p'ogress through life, viz,, how lar il is his duty to submit to injustice Irom his superiors in station an! in age, if they be unjust, and how far capiice should be opposed. " Wilkie's principle from the commencement, with a species of iostincl which whis- pered to him the danger of the reverse conduct, was absolute submission to any injustice, any dishonour, any ill treatment, or any caprice, from his patrons or elders. " Wilkie's principle was submission ; mine was resistance. Wilkif-. got into the palace of his Sovereign, and I got into his prison . . _ " M iikie s principle was the principle ol Sir Joshua. In Sir Joshua's early life he painted Lord Barrington's brother, ivho had a disease in his neck, and held his head on one side. Sir Joshua, though a most delicale flatterer of deformity, like Apelles, kept Ins head a Imle on one" siJe. Lord Barnngton (ame and said, ' What have von done, sir ? you have made my brother look ns if he had been hanged!' Reynolds, a young man, explained the reason. His lordship shook his cane over Reynolds 1 head, and thundered out, ' Do you dare to contradict me ?' ' " Insulted, Sir Joshua consulted Burke and Johnson; who both said, ' bear it ; if vou challenge him, you will offend the whole aristocracy, on whom you depend.' " Reynolds did bear it; so would Wilkie have done; but I would not. Yet, my young friends, to bear and forbear is the duty of a christian ; and the precepts of Christianity, as they are the best precepts with regard to your fate hereafter, so they are the best policy for your woildiy fortune !' ere: ,1,ou e 11 tl,ereis a P oillt l^ondwhich is unmanly submission and that noint I U.ink both Reynolds and Wakie passcT' The other lectures. UioughTot so varied ? ! jnterest. are still as much ist.rM. n„,i „r.„„ - • biographical character, Mr Haydon, sue, j more conttuually putting in " egomet."- e£Umate 'r.'-Y" ° "; e f f ol r > P0C, S?Bri. I r » . t,es -, lh 1 e Acade I ,y. the British Galferv, and such I,ke-on the public taste ; another is on a proposition to establish a Professorship of the Fine Arts at the Universities, with a view lo the educa- j lion of the aristocracy in art. Though the ' general conclusions in both are correct | enough, there is little of real novelty in the : mailer, and the manner is indifferent.—j There is more fury than force, more sound 1 than substance, in what are intended for; the vigorously argumentative parts ; and , though time has somewhat subdued the i author's ecerbity, and rendered his vision ! less one sidf;d, tho:e is slill too much of ill- j conditioned taunt and dogmatic sell-opinion j to be pleasing to people of good taste. The j lecture on the Elgin Marbles is their story ! fle as legards tflf*nr/lc Lord T Elgin's 17J»>n*. plans and I proceedings, i with n narrative of Mr Haydon'*- oivn efforts upon public opinion in their favour, and the injury he did to himself thereby .— The lecture on Beauty has for ils theme ihe question of an universal standard aud an innate perception, as opposed to conclusions drawn or fell from association or comparison. This very difficult subject is beyond Mr Haydon. He maintains the former view, and declates that the female form is not only the most beautiful object in nature, but the standard of all other beauty. '"The form of a tree is beautiful, and llie form of a fine woman, and a column, andavaBe; but how can it be said,' savs Lord Jeffrey, 'the form of a woman has any thing ir. common with the form of a Iree?' Simply, I reply, because the vase, the lice, and the column, can be proved to deserve the appellation of beauiiful only as they each paitake more or less of the form of a woman." But, except a good deal of casuistical or lawyer-like disputing with Jeffrey and Allison, there is not tnuchol argument and slill less ol proof in what Mr Haydon advances. We believe there is a rtandnrd based upon usefulness or fitness; but we should feel inclined lo deny an innate sense; it is rather an educated sense—a trained perception, arising from compatison or reflection, however latent. The lecture on Fresco, and ils comparative advantages and disadvantages m reference to oil, mas delivered first at the Royal Institution; and in an artistical point of view il is tLe best of the whole; The practical directions are clear, the crilieal estimate is judicious, and toncis moderate. ih 