SIR ROBBRT IN Sir R. Peel is Minister agun, and the nation is rc-assured. The funds at least rise, and manufacturers feel a little more encouragement to add to their stocks. The le.->t may be vulgir, bu* there is no other. Unhappily for the subiimer class of politicians, there exists no scale by which we c;iii mei8ure the ag rre>; ue fluctualioos of the moral susceptibilities. Were it possible for people to lend their consistency st per cent., and realize their romance in Exchequer bills— were there a consolidated stock for all their v rtues, and a suitable security for good taste— we might :hen, perhaps, have to record a decided depression in this branch of the funis at the present conclusion of the " Ministerial crisis." in the absence of such a standard w; have no alternative but to enter the money-market and feel the pulse of the capitalists. Last week that pulse was low, weak, and irregular, denoting a general colapse of the vital powers, a congestion of blood to the vital t rg- ms, and consequent desertion of the extremities. Sir R. Peel returns, and a reaction ensues. He braces the svstem like a tonic—like other tonics, rather bitter ana not very nice—port wine seasoned with bark, perhaps, such as certain commissioners have recommended for pauper ague. There certainly is an universal impression that Sir R. Peel is the mm to carry this measure. No other man can do it easily and so iuoftensively. No other statesman can boist iso strong a position. He is thd Hercu'es w ho alone eau force the gates of tr id«, and open our commercial navy iheweahh of Fortunate Islands and Atlantic shores. The mauifold at.omalies that are centered in his person, give him the key to many classes aud 'nfl.iences, which no other one tUHtt can cotnrnan 1. He is the very type of our motlys ate. By Birth and inward sympuhiesa manufacturer, by education and connexion an aristocrat, he wandei* through many hases of change, but attains a sort of unity of returning to the creed of his fathers and his native soil. His measures ">nce resolved on, Sir R. Peel needs all the d-termi ation he can muster, and all the suppart he can receive. We know n«w both our measure and our man, and it is a very dilatory and superfluous wisdom to occupy one's-self in retrospective meditations on the course of the present actual promoter. A hundred converging causes make Sir R. P<;el a free trade Minuter Fit or unfit, there is now no help for it. We must swallow our congruities, b-.w to necessity, and give our ailegiaiice to the de facto repealer of the Corn Laws. A task of incalculable difficulty iies upon him. He has to overcome in one way or another—we had almost said by fair means or by foul—the inveterate p ejudice of the ignorant, the dogged p«ide of the exclusive, and the desperate selfishness of those who imagine themselves the interested classes ; and for this arduous ta»k he demands, and very reasonably claims thus far, the assistance of every man who affects to wish well to his present cause. In fact, it is a very rough piece of work that is to be done, and whoever undertakes it must put into it all his strength. He must be prepared for trials and sacrifices, without which nothing really great ever was, or ever will I e accomplished. Kven the lesser changes of the last twenty years have not teen without frightful struggles. Putting out of question their wisdom or necessity, they ate not to be compared w:th that now in progress for the magnitude and exteot of their operation. The Roman Catholic Kelief Bill birought into Parliament a few dozen noblemen and gentlemen of that communion. The Reform Bill disfranchised a few huudreds, and enfranchised as many thousands. The other chief measures ot the period were of still less compass ind significance. The repeal of the Corn Laws bffects every one that eats aud every one that produces bread, and every ot>e who can do either of these things—in other words, the whole human race. It promises, and will most assuredly give to every civilised man increased facilities of employment and subaista^ce. It will put a nation which is the wealthiest, the most mercanti'e, the most ingenious, the most adventurous, aud the most philanthropies! iu the whole world, into immediate, free, fair, and open communication with every race that is civilised enough to till the ground for food. It wili bring all nations to the best customer and the best producer of them all. It will make the pcrts of Britain the ports of the world. Is it, then, according to the analogy of human affairs that so mighty and universal a developement should be so easily achieved ? We are almost afraid to ask whether it is according to the analogy that it should be achieved by ordioary statesmen. Tha aristocracy evidently betray a misgiving that it is not to be so achieved. It was neither any assignable doubt of the measure, nor any defimie want «»f confidence in their political po.vers which broke up the late Whig junta. They wer« altogether out of he-irt. They felt, no call. They couid not e;nbr--ice the occasion. .4 personal antipathy, apiqu", a jealously, beran tli* flaw J whioh spread like lightning through the whole fragile combination, and with the loss of one number, Hie whole fell to p'ee^s. It. is impo<sisible not to subject a zeil w :ieh allows i:self to be so easily b -, tSI-r!-l. The Whigs are, after all. recent converts ; are they sincere? Something unexplained h unpers the m iveinents of men who were once free as air and bold as liens. It is a lingering fear that the risk of the measure is their own ? Ttie men who heiped to cancel theological tests, and scheduled away rotten borough's ; who made corporations popular, and alms-house* go*ls, are staggered at a change which emb.aces tiie world m ita benevolence. It was possible to corrupt or to threaten the British iisrm«.:r,icy into the degradation of the Church, the disappointment of A few bor.^u^hmoiuers, iho ousting of tnayers and aldermen, aud the iu«uli aud persecution of «he poor. Touch rents, or seem to do, aud it is a more diffiucli affair. The change comes home. We must expect that such of the landowners as cannot understand or feel sure of the beneficial results to fl JW fiom the change, will feel themselves under a tremendous necessity to resist it almost unto death. Sdl'-preservation, not mere interast, will goad them on. A large portion of our landowners are only the nominal proprietors of their estates. Too many of the landowners imagine they forsee a settling day in the abolition of the Corn Laws. Some already taik o ! ihrowing np their estates altogether, aud ren umcing the Briiish. soil. They have reason for that threat. Ilsduca rents but a little, and their estates are no louder their o-.vn. They have less thau nothing. It is uot surprising that they should be incapable of rational inquiry, and should immediately prepire for the most despsrate resistance. But this is not the ocly stumbling-b-ock to arisfocratical enthusias m. It is found, however, to be a far severer task than suits the declining energies the sobered enthusiasm, and perhaps the satisfied ambition, of statesmen who are long in their standing, old in th*ir ways, and formed in their views, with much to lose and nothing to gain. It cannot be done without turmoil, and perhaps, immediate expeuce ; nor can it be done without some rather distasteful additions to the old staff. The monopoly of Governtreut aad the monopoly of trade are perriiled together. Adopt the principles, and you admit the persons of the new system. Mere shame, apart from the obvious neeessi:ies of the case, will not allow a handful of late, and perhap«, not very cordial con vet ts, taking to themselves the work of other and truer men. Such are the difficulties, and such possibly the scruples, felt by some of those in whose hands tha arduous task i< now left. We can only recommend them, if they entertain the smallest doubt as to their own determination or, power, to give place as soon as possible to those who may be found more able and willing.— Times. The Natian noticing rumours of a threatened coercion act remarks :—** For actual measures of coercion all Ireland langhs at t>»at coward threat. The military uses (or abuses) of rjiiways are tolerably well understood ; but it might be useful to promulgate through the country, to be read by all Repeal Wardens in their parishes, a few short and ea«y rules as to the mode of dealing with railways in case of any enemy daring to make a Instile use of them. The bold Hollanders once prevented their country from being overrun b y French armies by laying it under water ; th-y opened the embankment and admitted the sea ; and IR one day those fertile plains, with all their waving corn, were a portion of the stormy German Ocean. And railways, though inc»iceivably valuable to any people as highways of commerce, yet were better dispensed wiih for a time than allowed to become a means of transport for invading armies. A hint on this subject may be thought enough ; but we see no objection to speaking plainly ; and, therefore, we give a few practical views, which may be improved as engineers turn their attention to the subject. First, then, every railway within five miles of Dublin could in one night be totally cut off from ths interior couniry. To lift a mile of rail, to fili a perch or two of any cutting or tunnel, to brea k down a piece of an embankment, seem obvious and easy enough. Second, The material of railways—good hammared iron aud wooden sleepers —need we point out that such things may be of i use in other lines than assisting locomotion. Third, Troops upon their march by rail mi^ht be conveniently met with in divers places. °Hofer with bis Tyroleans could hardly desire a deadlier ambush than the brinks of a deep cutting upon a raiiway. Imagine a few hundred men lying in wait upon such a spot, with masses of rock and trunks of trees ready to roll down—and a train or two advancing with a regiment of infantry— and the engine panting nearer aud n arer, till the polished studs of brass on its front are distinguished and its name may nearly be read: 4 Now, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Hjly Ghost! —now ' "But 'tis a dream. No enemy will dare put us to tealize these scenes. Yet, 1st all understand what a raiiway may and what it may ant do.*' Lord Metcalfe has returned 10 England from . Canada, placing the Government in the hands of! Lord Cathcart till his successor is appointed. ; In the present state of our relations with Ame- ; rica, it is by no means unreasonable to suppose 1 that the Government are mindful of the means j which will enable the country, with as little de- j lay as may be, to present an imposing front to all the world. We find it, however, somewhat difficult to depend upon rainy of the reports at present in circulation. Among orhsr warlike rumours it is stated that orders havs been issued for 42,000 sets of accoutrements ft r the militia of the English counties, the whole to be ready by the 1st of March, and this is supposed to be preliminary to a change or revision in this department of the service, it being in contemplation to abo!l>sh the ballot, and to raise the regiments by the beat of drum. This m iy be partly tru°, out as a whole it requires confirmation. It is *Iso reported that there is to be an increase of the army by 20,003 men, 10,003 to be formed int? second or reseve battalions, with an ad lition of two captains, t wo lieutenants, and two ensigns, to each. The 12th, 20 h, 23rd, 42 id, 71st, 91st, 27st regts., and 2nd Rifle Brigade, have already this augmentation to their streng'h. We believe it to be true that a nival officer of experience has been engaged taking measurements of the large steamers under ma : l contract with orders to report immeiiately to th« Admiralty on their ca p ibil ties for carrying guns of the largest calibre; and i' : s si d hat «he l ir^e steamers forming the fl^et of the West India R^yal Mail Compaiy, as also the vessels of ihe Pen.nsular and Oriental Com p iny, and the Great Brit-ni and Ore it Western, have baen quietly but offi tally inspect'd It is also asserted th it the recent experiments with one-gun battery ia the Woolwich marshes, recommended to be made by a bo= rd of oixi ;ers appointed to consider and sujg-»s; ih-^ best mod* of constructing defences for the coasts having been completed, and the result highly satisfi-C orv, batteries on f.he same principle Will be erec:ed at Sherness, 'Portsmoutn, Plymoi'h, Pembroke, and other places on the coasts. A great nunaher of traversing platforms, 16 feat long, to be fixed by pivota to the masonrv of ths embrasures, are progress of construction at the Rojal Arsenal, VVooIwich. and some ilea ot the quantity of work now performed in the carriage department may be formed when it is staged that about five or s x years ag> only about UKI hands were employed in that branch, and that there are now hetween 350 to 360 men employed, aided by many new improvements in machinery equal to i he work of a great number of hands. L»rge guns have b«eu forwarded to Jersey and other exposed islands, and to the Cape of Good Hope and our colo ial possessions, and the greatest activity prevails to streng-hcu every place at home and abroad. A number or the bl »ck ships heavi'y armed will suon be ready for their respective stations, and add greatly to ths defence of the cox*l. Such are sa ne «f the hostile preparations said to be going on at th= present lime. WelM the best means of maintaining peace, is to be a? ail times prepared for war; and although this be somewhat expe sive in the first instance, it may, after all, prove true economy. At Ver* Cruz much anxiety is felt as to the result of the quarrel wMi France. The French Minister had demanded his passports, and left with his whole suite by the Midway Government picket, for Havannah, where he is expected to remain until he receives instructions from Frauce as to the course he Is to pursue. The blockade of Buenos Ay res still continues, to the annoyance of mercantile men counecte 1 with that port, who probably see no gre it evil in the attempt of Rosas to destroy the commerce of the rival city, Monte Video, or in his p»rj-os« of iutercrpting the passage of foreign merchandise to the provinces si uatsd higher up the Uruguay and the Parana, a* they would thereby secure t • themselves the whale commerce of the River Plate. The French and English authorities are in perfect understanding as to the measures taken to provide for the security of Monte Video and the free navigation of the River Plate. THE SCOTTISH HOSPITAL.—On the 1st Dec. the patrons of this royal, ancient, and most excellent charity celebrated »he festival of St Andrew at the Locdrn Tavern. The Chisholm was in the chair, supp irted on the right aud left by D^arkcinautli Tagore and Mohun Lai. After the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, the chairman j proposed Prosperity lo the Scottish Hospital." The next toa9t was the health of Dwarkanauth Tagore and Mohun La', their distinguished visitors from the liast (loud cheirs). D^arkm iuth Tagore, in acknowledging the compliment, commenced by apolog'zing for his inadequacy sulfi cierirly to express his feelings of gralrode for the kind maimer in which his health had been drunk. When three yea s Ago he was in this country- he received the honor of the freedom of the city of Edinburgh—au honor that any man might we!l be proud of (cheers). Although, therefore, he was a stranger to the present pirty, he; was realiy oneof themselves, and was delighted to ome among them. His connexion with Scotchmen dated from an ea: ly ] eriod of bis life. The little education he had received in the English language was derived from Scotchmen, he was brought up in business by Scotchmen, and all his fortune aud property in India had beeu left in the hands of Scotchmen—in fact, all his partners were Scotchmen (cheers). To Scotch.sien the people of India were deeply indebted—their subscriptions had established the Co'iege of Calcu ta, where 1500 boys were annually educated, and every Indian must feel the ohliga iotis af gratitude he owed to Scotland. B M while that was a meeting of Scotchmen, he c >u!d not forget that India had derived the greatest benefit from the who'e British nat on ; their influeuce had relieved the native population from the lind of Mahomed-in tyrany,and they now enjoyed bylaw the same rights aud privileg-s wh eh Englishmen did in their own country (cheers). When kindly invited to atteiid that festival, he hi'd promised to do so, unless he were turned out of the country by the severity of its cliinite ; he was glad that he hxd been enabled to fulfil his promise, and that the occasion was one of so charitable a character (cheers). Mohuu Lai aI>o returned thanks. Various other toasts were d.'Unk.anda large subscription was announced in favor of the charity . The Q- ii Tarn action commenced by Charles H. Russel against Mr H Hill, to recover 40,000/.and 20,0001., won on the turf, has been stopped on the payment of costs incurred, and were taxed at 10/. 4s iOd. The above-uamed qui tarn informer has since been captured and lodged in Whitecrossstreet gaol, for the costs of au action brought by hira against Lord G. Bentiack, and tried at Guild* ford Assizes. It is understood that in the case of the Felicidade the Judges have declared the conviction iuvalid on two grouuds—first, that it-is not piracy i for the Brazilians to carry on the si tire tradi until they have made it to be so by Braz Urn municipal law; ant, secondly. Mat the Faiictdj.de was wrongfully taken, not having any slaves on bja d, and, therefore, that she did nut becitne a Britisu sh»i>. and not accordingly justiSad iu capturing the Echo. Upo i the subject of the Corn L iws, Lord J. Russell has addressed the following to the electors of the City of Lo idon: — Geuttenen—'The present state of the oastrr, in regard to its Siipjv'y of food, cannot he vie*el without apprehension Forethought and bold precaution may averi any serious eviis— iaiecision and procrastination may prod ace a state of suffering which it is frightful to contemplate. Three weeks ago it was genera'ly expected that Parliament woald be immediately called together. The announcement that Ministers went prepared at that time to advise tha Crown to suuitnon Parliament, and to prop <K« OB their first meeting a SUSPENSION of the import duties on corn, would have caused orders at once to be sent to various ports ot Europe and America for the purcha-e «n 1 tr.-i«»s!iii3,i»,n of gr.iin fur the consumption of ifca United Kingdom An orler <n Council di-pensin^ wiih t!ie 'aw *a-s neither necssarr nor desirable N.» party in Parliiiue:it wou'd have ma-le itself lesp «r.sib e for iha obstruct! >n ofa uieas ire s » urgent and so be leficia . Th«* Quee i's Ministers have nift an i sepa'a^v i, vrittiout aff >rding us aay pr n:i>se «f vuc'a sea<^>nab e re ; :ef. It becomes u«, rh-ref »re. th* Qieen s s«b>ec s, to consider how we can best avert. «rat all events mitigate, calamities ot no ordern-try magnitude. Tlie evils require v»»ur connd-eraM <n. One of these is the diseas; m th^ p«tit<>«5 aif^eting v j ry seri .us'v parts of England aud Scotland, and c-»»imuiug fearfuJ ravines in Ireland. Tae extent of this evil has ntrt ret been ascertained, and evr-rj' w^eK, indee i, t.-n ls eitier n revea! u peered disease, or to a^ ite in some districts the a'arm previous'}* en'ertained. Bat there is one misrortnue peculiar io the failure in this pirtu'ular crop. The efft-ct of a <>ad c-irn harvt-st is, ia the first p'a;-e, to dimmish the supply in the market, ind to raise the price, lie .ce diminished consumption, and the privation of incipient scarcity, by which the whole stock is more equally distributed ov<?r the year, and the ultimate pressure is greatly mitigated. But the fear «if the breJu ig out of this unknuwa disease m the potatoes iniuses the h iMers C<* hurry into the market, an i thus have, at oueani the same thne rapid cim$um}iii<in an l impendii* deficiency . scarcity « f the article and che ipness of price. The ultimate suffering must thereby be rendered far more severe than it otherwise would he- The evil to which I have adverted may be owing t-i an adverse sea sou, to a mV'S'er ous disease in *he potato, ?o want of science or of care iu pro,i is*itin» th-> pl vit. Iiaiv n{ these canes Government is no nnre subject to blame for cue failure of the pnUM cr »p th.n it w<is enti led to credit f<>r the plentiful corn harvests which we have lately enjoyed. Another evil, k-'weer, under which we are suffering, is the fruit of tirdsteiial counsel ani ParlLitnenmry law. li is the direct c-.msequence of an act of Parliament, passed three je^rs-igo, on the rec-iinmeudatron of the ..resent advisers of the Crown. By this'aw grain of all kinds has been made su l ject to ve: y high duties on importation. ' h-'Se duties are so contrived tnar the worse ihe quality of ti;e corn, the higher is the dutj ; s^ that when good .-rheat r ; ses to 70s a-q'urter the average price <>f aU wheat is or TiS-i, and t.'ie duty los or lis a-quarter. thus the orn biroaieier poi u 3 to fair, while the slnirt is bending under a storm. I'lie defect was pointed out many years ago by writers on »he corn laws, and was urged upon the attention «<f the H <use of Coaiuuu* when the present act waa under ConMderarioi. But 1 confess that on the general subject my vi<»ws have in the course of twenty jears undergone a gr«-at alter iion. I usea to be ot opinion that corn was an exception 11 the general rules of po'itical econom> ; but observation and experiense have convinced me that we ought to abstain from all interference with the supply < f fond. Neither a Government nor a Lejiishiturecan ever regulite the corn maiket with the beneficial effects which the entire freedom of sale aRd purchase are sure of themselves to produce. 1 hive for several years endeavoured to obtain a compromise on t : -is futject. In IS39 I voted for a committee of the whole House, with the view of supporting trie substitution of a moderate fixed duty for the s!i-<i g- scale. Iu ISll I announced the intention of the then G »v ern nent of proposing a fixe 1 duty <>f 8s a-qinrter. In the past session I proposed the iinp>>t>ition of some lower duty. These i>roiiositio ;s were successively rejected. I he present First Lord of the Treasury met them in 1839, I >40, and 1641, by eloquent panegyrics of the existing eyst-m—the plenty it had caused, the rural happiness it had diffuseJ. lie met the propositions for diminished nrotecti >n in the 6ame w ly in which be had niet th,.* • ff-r of securities for Protestmt interests in 18! 7 an i 1825—iu tne same way in which be met the proposal to a low Manchester, Leeds, and Uirmiugham, to sand members to Parliament in 1&30. The result of resistance to qualified concessions must he the same in the present insranc-; as in those I have mention -d. it is no longer worth whi e to contend for a fixed duty. Iu IS41 tiie free tra le party woud have agreed to « duty «f 8» a-quarier on whea«, and. ;fter a lapse of years, this duty uii^ht have been further re- <iuce<i, an l ultimate!} abolished. But the imposition of any dulv at pre^nt. without a provision for its extinction within a short period, would but prolong a contest already sufficiently fruitful of aniiiiosity and disc intent. i'he struggle to make bread scarce and dear, when it i* clear that part, at leist of the additional price goes to increase rent, is a struggle deep! v inj irious to an aristocracv which (this quarrel once removed} is 6trong iu property, strong iu the construction of our Le^is ature, sfong iu opinion, strong in ancient associations aai the memory of immortal servises. Let u«, then, unite t » put an end to a system which has been proved io ne the blight of eomuier *e, the tane of agriculture, the source of bitter divisions among cliSs.-F, the cause of penuty, fever, mortality, ani crime* am-'iig the people. But if the end be achieve?, it mnst be gained hy the uneqii vocal expression of the public voice- It is not to b? denied that m*ny election* for cities and town in 1841, and s mie in 1345, appear to favor the ss-ertiii<? that free trade is not p <pul*r with the gr--at .mass of the COUMIIU • nity. i he (Government app-ar to >>e waiting for some t-xciise to give up the present Cwn Law. Let the people, by petiti «n, hy ad lre<s,hy remons-rauce, afftird thetu the excuse they seek. Let the Ministry prop >se such a revision of :he taxes as in their opinion may render the public burdens more just and in< re equal; let them add any other provisions wnieh caution, aud even serupuhms forbearance, in ay suggest; ••ut let the removal of restrict! ms on t*ie admission of the nuin aitic ; e of f-od aud clothing used hy the mast of the people be required, ia p'ain terms, as useful to great interests, and indispensable to the progress of the n dion. I have the honor to be. Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, Edii'»urgh, Nov. 22. BORNEO.—Tiicre has been a discussion in the Sscoud Chamber of the States General at' the Hague, relative to the English settlements in Borneo. The Colonial Minister said—" There has been an interchange of notes between the ctbinets of London and the Hague, and 1 trust that it wi 1 liad to a happy re.-ulr. You may rest assured that the government of |he Netherlands wilt he on the alert *o (.revent the least encroachment on our rights, and above all, vs ill fi'-mly ma ntain those which reLte lo Borneo. We shall always know how to preserve the rights of our colonies, wh'ch are the glory of our country, and to cause those rights to be respected/' The French expedition against Madagascar, about to sail, is composed of the frigates La Gloire, Captain Aubry Bailleul; A rmi do\ Captain Deep -intes; Rein Blanche, Captain Gatier j Belle Poule, Captain Grael; and Pysche, Captain Dore.. But as Captain Giael ia appointed Governor of the island of Bourbon, he will on hi* arrival be replaced by Captain Uesfos^*, Commandant of that elation, who will take the ge J. HSELL. Til command of the expedition. The frigates will not take out their full compliments, because they will have to carry troops of infantry, marine artillery, and engineers. Two or three storeutaops will accompany them. The command of the troops is given to General Duvivier, who has terved for a long time in Africa. The Commander-in-Chief has been informed that the practice of smoking, by the use of pipes, cigars, or chercots, has become prevalent among the officers of the army, which is not or.ly in itself a species of intoxication, occasioned by the fumes cf tobacco, but undoubtedly occasions drinking and tippling by those who acquire ihe habit; and he entreats officers commanding regiments to prevent smoking in the messrooms of their several regiments, and in the adjoining apartments, and to discourage the practice among the officers of junior rank in their regiments.— General Order, Dee. 16. A gentleman in our office has with great l^bcr made the following computation of the capital required for the railways dep^s ted with the Board of Trade. For England, £334.400;000; Scotland, £30,000,000 ; Ireland, £25,000,000; total capital, £389,400,000. Of this amount many of the lines are duplicates ; and in some cases, three, four, five, and six pla: s, are deposited for the same scheme, or schemes to the same place. That willnotafFfct the amount of deposits, if they are all made ; which w>uld be £'29.250,000, or 10 per cent, on three-fourths of the amount of tbe capital. But the deposit is only required to be on three-fourths of the estimates; which deposit may not be £'20,000,000. We think we may fairly say not two-t^rds of this sum will be deposited. —Herapaili's Journal. The Experimental Squadron w ; Il not be paid off. The Vanguard, 80, Capt. Willes, will be 8 ati >ned at Cove, taking the fi ig of Rear-Admir.J Sir H. Pigot, K.C.H., the commander-inchief. Thus she will be ava labte for any emergency in such an advanced pc sition. The Albion, 90, Capt. Lockyer, and the Canopvs, 84, Capt. F. Mnre-fthv, are to remain at Dev^nport, where, with the Queen, 110, Hm-sHo of Adm. J. "WWt, the Port Ad niral, and the Caledonia, 120, Capt. M, H. Dixon, with the fl»gof Rear-Admiral Superi- undent Sir S. Pym, they will f ,rm the wain b«»dy of a powerful fle-t. The Rodney, 92, Capr. Collier, and the Superb, 80, Capt. Corry, will be stat oned at Portsmouth, with ihe St Vin. cent, 120, Cnpt. Sir R. Grant, flag-ship of Admiral Sir Charles Ogle, Bart., the commander-inchn-f. By this distribution v-e shall have 10 sail ot the line at our heme ports, four of them threedeckers, with »bout 7,000 men, viz.:—At Sheerness—The Trafalgar, 120, Capt. Nott, flag of Vice-Admiral Sir i£. D. King, the comrcanderin-chief; the Ocean, 80, Capt. Superintendent Arihur. C.B. At Portsmouth—The St Vincent, 320; Rodney, 92; Superb, 80. At Davenport —The Caledonia, 120 ; Queen, 110 ; Alkion, 90 ; Ccmopus, 84. Ai Cork—Vanguard, 8). A new system of drill is about to be issued to the army. Several judicious and economical changes in thji dress and equipment of the Army have been officially announced : they consist of an elastic leather stock in place of the present stiff one, thick cotton shirts instead of linen, and the substitution of light worsted trowsers in place of white linen and duck. Tne Naval and Military Gazette says— " We bslieve that ai-ran^ements have at last been made to relieve two regiments annually from India, by sending one direct from England and another from Australia; to effect wbi&i; the regiments which in future are to proceed to Australia will furnish Convict Guaids during oi.e ytar, and at its expiration the remainder will embark from Chatham. In like manner, as soon as the last Conv'ct Guard of the y«-ar has arrived in Australia, the regiment next for India will embark fro;n that country. If this arrangement can be adhered to, which we doubt, the early relief of regiments from India will be effected—a measure we have long and anxiously advocated. It is iiitended, so toon as parliament shall have passed a measure authorising such a proceeding, to call out a certain number of militia regiments for twenty-eight days' practice, the English corps to be drilled in Ireland, aT*d the Irish corps in England. In order to facilitate the organization and efficiency of these regiments, adjutants are being appointed, principally full-pay captains in her Majesty's service. "Lor© W arkcLiffe.—We regret to announce the death of the late President of the Council, who expired on the 19th Dec., at Warnclifie House, Curzon-street. A Privy Council was held at Windsor yesterday, attended by the leading members of Sir Robert Peel's Administration, We understand that at the Council Parliament will be further prorogued from Tuesday, theSOih insf,. to '! uesday, the 20th of January, then to meet for the dispatch of business. Lotd Stanley left town this morning with the other members for the purpose of resigning the seals of the Colonial Office into the hands oi Her MnjfSty. It is generally expected that Mr Gladstone will be his lordship's successor in this department. The changes in the constitution of the Ministry which flte recent return to the power will occasion, will be tew, and not of any preat importune?. Mr Gladstone has succeed Lord Stanley in the Colonial-office, Lord D<ilhousie will he called to Occupy a seat in the Cabinet, Lord Si. Germains will be appointed Postmaster- Geireral, also probably with a seat in the Cabinet, and, for the present at least, there is li't'le pro- *-ab<iiry of further change. The health of the Lord Chancellor will, per ha pB t induce him to avoid the fatigues of his laborious office during another session % but his Lordship will continue tied! then to afford his colleagues his Valuable assistance in their deliberations.-— Times The sun? of £60,000 has -within a few days, been subscribed to the fuudB of tbe Anti-Corn- Law League. 