BRITISH INTELLIGENCE. (from the Titites, November (!.) WHILST the public mind has been kept in a state of suspense, the Ministerial Councils have been distracted with divisions as to the extent and remedies of the famine crisis. It has ever been so. The tenacity of human hope clings to, and the weakness of human reason parades, slight pretexts in the presence of impending calamities. It is not until the danger becomes too great to be resisted with success or confronted with courage that the errors of a rash confidence and the folly of a specious procrastination are confessed and then the immensity of the crisis is put forward as an excuse for acts which were once justifiable on the score of prudence, but have finally become inevitable from necessity. It is no use for men, whether in the Cabinet or out of it to disguise or to understate the magnitude of the impending danger. It is no use for them to argue that, because wheat is cheap in England, there is no chance of famine here ; or that the failure of the potato crop in Ireland cannot affect the corn markets in this country. The facts are known to every man who has had the will and opportunity for inquiry. Wheat is cheap. But what wheat The very worst that is brought to market. Good wheat-the wheat which supplies the table of all middle-class families-is already dear ? What, then, may it be expected to be four, five, six, and ten months from this time The juggle of the averages returns a fictitious price just now by con- founding the good with the bad. The averages determine the duty, and the duty is such as to exclude a supply from abroad. Under any circumstances, therefore, it is reasonable to anticipate that before the period of another harvest arrives, the staple food of all classes will have become dear that of the poorest and lowest, dear beyond the possibility of purchase. But when we take into consideration the state of the continental markets-the deficient crops in France, Belgium, and Holland, and the prospective demands of those countries on the granaries, of Europe-the case is complicated with new difficulties and new absurdities. It is not many weeks since a large quantity of corn was taken out of bond in England and shipped to foreign ports ; let the present duty continue but a few weeks longer, and much of that which remains in bond will be exported to countries whose wants may not be greater, but whose wisdom is more provident than our own who know the advantage of laying in a store against a season of distress, and who know not the slippery virtues of the sliding- scale. We shall thus present to the eyes of the civilised world the singular spectacle of a nation voluntarily poor in the midst of great wealth, hoarding up stores which it forbears to touch, and starving itself for the good of its neighbours. However the philanthropy of such a country may be admired for its vastness and its novelty, yet mankind will question its sense of justice, especially when they remember that this temporary self-denial is to he compensated by a future extravagance and that though we abstain from buying when we might buy cheaply, we shall enter the markets when competition has created dearness, and dearness has been followed by general distress. The guests in Lucian's ghost banquet passed each delicacy by in succession, because memory and imagination taught them to expect that the latter viands would be dainties than the first. We have no such hope. We lose the opportunity that nature offers and prudence should accept, with the certainty that it will not return. We are enamoured of scarcity for its own sake, and embrace the haggard nakedness of dearth with inexplicable fondness. And when at last we fly to our resources, it is to drain ourselves and family our neighbours. But let the merit be given where it is due. To the finisher and perfected of the sliding scale be attributed this our virtue or our weakness. His measure and its working are easily described. Take his own elaborate eulogism, and insert one little word, expressive of negation. He told us that it would guarantee us against the perils of famine and the vicissitudes of prices that it would save us from alternations of unprofitable redundant and pinching scarcity, and would fill our granaries with a perpetual plenty of corn that should be never too dear or too cheap. Insert one little " notes' and the description is literally correct. All its merits are illustrated by the converse of the Premier's praise. It is now found whether or no by men in office we cannot say but by all others, that Providence is mightier than. Prime Ministers that it is poor sport gambling with harvests; that prices will not adjust themselves to acts of Parliament or the exigencies of sellers in a word, that a fluctuating duty adds embarrassment and uncertainty to speculations which must always be uncertain and contingent. That men should hesitate before they believe in the approximation of danger is natural. That they should delay or deprecate a change in their own measures, and the work of their own hands, is natural also. But State necessity is more powerful than self-love or self-delusion. It works by signs and by wonders-by the popular voice; by the operations of nature by the distress of nations. Let no man say that his work is final that his wisdom is paramount that his counsels are for all time. It is not so. It never was, and never will be so. The great chain of events coils round and round us, imperceptible, inevitable, inextricable. Every movement of human will has its check ; every impulse its deflection ; every principle its modification. Even the wisest statesmanship must in a great measure be an adop- tion of expedients. That which is not the wisest must be their slave. But of all things that claim the name of statesmanship, that is the most foolish and fatuous which clings with closing tenderness to a denounced principle or a condemned practice, and which looks around with piteous men and moistened eye for some pretext to abandon a theory which it can no longer keep with safety or honour. Be it so. A pretext is at hand-a twofold pretext -a prospective dearth in England, a present one in Ireland. The last carries its own warning with it. You who fear not the steady earnestness of the English people may dread the violence of an Irish popu- lace. Ireland you pronounce to be your difficulty. Will you add to it You say that in England there is no fear of famine : can you say the same of Ire- land ? Already that niggardly food which supports life to four millions of our fellow-subjects is doomed. Its duration is a thing to reckon by months. After that, Ireland will be dependent on your wisdom or your arms. Charity she deprecates with scorn. She demands leave to purchase food, and to get employment. You will not be rash enough to refuse her request. You will open the ports and admit at any rate, maize and coarse grain. But on what principle can you rest there How will you reduce or abolish the duties on the staple food of one country without doing the same to another ? Will you vote money to give employment to the Irish people? It would be an act of munificent charity, if it were not (as it probably would be) per verted into a monstrous job. But remember, if you do this, you will be taking away the money of the English people at a time when money will be scarce, and employment much rarer than it is now, to feed the Irish. Will this be just ? Do you think it will be tolerable ? No. A great opportunity has arrived an opportunity, not (as our French contemporaries say for pauperizing an aristocracy or destroying a class, but for regulating the machinery of commerce, for pro venting great uncertainties in the price of bread, and the great embarrassments which follow its scarcity. This is an age of low prices. Our prosperity is now found to be coincident with low prices. High prices interfere with trade and hamper industry. Sooner or later, restrictive duties must be narrowed to their lowest limit. The people will gain by it; and it would argue a great ignorance of human wants and human capabilities to imagine that those who are engaged in the tillage of the soil and the production of food have no higher charter, no more prevailing shield, than the parchment acts of Parliamentary protection. That which enriches all besides cannot beggar a landed aristocracy. The present corn laws are doomed. It is for the Premier to decide whether he will sign the warrant of their execution. self-love, the tenderness of spon- sorship, and a lingering regard for the graces of con- sistency, may stay his hand. But his mercy will be suicidal. If he delays, others will be found ready to act for him. He will only gain the equivocal praise of having been unseasonably, and on one point only, consistent. But there is much in the look of the thing with Premiers as well as prudes. And the most prudish of Premiers may hesitate before he condemns what he has sanctioned, and sanctions what he has strenuously denounced. If this be so, there is only one course for him to take-to abstain from taking an-open part in this important discus- sion to leave to others the merit of settling the question and to RESIGN. 