ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. Through the activity of our reporter we are again in possession of the latest Eng- lish intelligence in the colony, the loose papers on board the William Wilson (the whole of which we are in possession of,) being four days later than the news re- ceived by the mail, extending to the 28th March inclusive. Parliament was still sitting, but was expected to rise for the Easter Recess on the 7th April ; the adjournment1 in the Commons was to be for eleven days only, the Lords proposed to adjourn until the 21st April. The Corn Law debate was still drag- ging its slow length along, the question being now on the second reading of the bill. On the 26th March the principal speaker against the measure was Mr. Finch, who declared the bill, if passed, would produce a five-fold revolution in the countiy-for it would make a poor law revolution, a financial revolution, a political revolution, a land and cotton revolution, and a colonial revolution. Resistance to the progress of the bill, is, however, in vain ; the Times 27th of March, says :- It is one of the first principles of British fair play, that a beaten party may be allowed to take it out in talk. The successful party has his substantial triumph. He can well afford, there- fore, to let the vanquished console himself with empty words. Such is the principle which is now generously admitted in favour of the Pro- tectionists, and such is the consolation they are eagerly hugging. They are taking it out in talk Night after night they renew the sad strain, and trace with mechanical precision the same dull round of cavil and remonstrance. The debate is over- nothing but its echo remains, The great question has been discussed in every possible form. For seven years it has been the national controversy. For nearly four, months al definite measure has been before the public, (For two months it has been almost daily debated. It is now, past the ingenuity of man to give a new aspect to the question, and show cause for a fresh, trial. No one entertains the least doubt of the result. Sweep away the Ministry, sweep away both houses of Parliament, and their successors will simply tread in their steps. Try ten new Ministries, and ten new Parliaments, and only one thing will be done. Further opposition is therefore mere lust of talk and tenacity of time. Delay is pleasant to the doomed, the child before,whose palate a black dove is hovering will never be tired of inventing excuses. The Christmas party that has just listened to a ghost story would ratber go, on all night, drinking in fiesh horrors, than separate to their cold and gloomy chambers. The agriculturists must give up protection. That they know full well; but anything for respite-anything to pul off the dread reality. Meanwhile, however, the delay in the progress of the measure is acting Very in- juriously on trade ; the Times says : Seriously speaking, nothing but annoyance and loss is gained by the delay. The country, which has borne it hitherto with wonderful patience, is beginning to feel the inconvenience. The millers and corn factors of Newcastle have presented a memorial to Sir Robert Peel entreating him to ap- ply in the case of corn the same rule as in the other proposed reductions of duty-viz., that it may be released at the lower duty under bond for the payment of the higher, if the bill before the house should not pass into a law. There is a scarcity of dry wheat to mix with the new. It is, in fact, not to be had without going to the bonded warehouses. The duty of 17s. keeps in the old, and thereby injures the farmer by pre- venting a demand tor the new. The case is a very strong one; but it is evident the memorial cannot be complied with; for the present, there- fore, Lord George Bentinck will have the plea- sure of extracting the Whole 17s. a quarter from that object of his special aversion, the importer. But the memorial indirectly illustrates the mis- chief of delay. Uncertainty is the ruin of com- merce. So long as the corn law bill is floundered through both houses, in the midst of rumours, meetiugs, menaces and agitations, the political look of affairs will be the chief and most procari- ous element in the question of price. Trade must stagnate if no man can tell for a quarter of a year whether the duty on foreign corn shall, a month hence, be 5s. or 17s. It was not expected that the measure would reach the Lords earlier than the 27th April. Next in importance to the Corn Law measure, is the Bill introduced by Earl St. Germans, which Daniel O'Connell and his friends call the Irish Coercion ~ " . ? . -. -r. t.-j. -0"^S -.." would be much more appropriately named if called the " Prevention of As- sassination in Ireland Bill." This was the, only measure the Government in- tended allowing to interfere with the progress of the Corn Bill, and it was only to proceed as far as the first reading hefore the recess. It is certainly high time that the strong hand was taken with the remorsless ruffians who are rendering Ireland uninhabitable by perceable men. Another magistrate had been assassinated, í and poor men in dozens had fallen under the assassin's bullets. The following, dated Dublin, 25th March, is the latest account we have seen of the aspect of affairs in Ireland : " Apprehensions" of all kinds (of fever and fiminc inclusive) seems to be the order of the day h Ireland, The intelligence irom Limerick this .norning prognosticates an early outbreak in the ?' city ol the violated treaty," induced partly (and not unnaturally) by the rapid decrease of the people's food, and partly by the repugnance ol the pnupeis of the workqouse to the " partial" use of Indian meal as an article ol diet. This is really, and in all conscience, " too bad." Bread made of this flour has been for some days ou sale in the metropolis, aud from its wholesome and nutritious quulities, as Well as its cheapness, meets with a rapid consumption among all classes, proving a most fortunate speculation ! for such bakers as have laid'in large stocks of tins species of gi ain. The Limeriolt Reporter of' March 24, thus alludes to the anticipated disturbances and actual revolt of the inmates of the poor- house : " For the last few days' symptoms .of an out- break for food have n. mifested thems/dv^s in this city ; and we believe,it was actually arranged 'that it thould have take» place yesterday. To anticipate the brewing mischief the Commissary General ordered the indian .meal to be sold to the people; and yesterday, at the Exchange, it was retailed,at Id. per pound, under the super uncudetiM: uf Clio fUllict Nwi, Itjoro ihuit t,rrt/ pounds of it would be sold to nuy person at a time. Some of the poor seemed most'anxiou» to get it, while others said it was ' nothing better than 'snwdust.' We understand that many are dissatisfied that it was not distributed gratuit- ously ; while some say this would be no great compliment, for that it was hardly worth taking away. They say, too, that if it were not for the emule not a grain of the meal would be sold for the., next two months, and t'ïat it will not have the effect of preventing thom them from carrying their plans into execution.! Among the precau- tions tlmthuve been taken to meet any iiii'niction of the public peace, special constables havo been sworn in, and there can be no matter of doubt t'.iat every available force will be brought into operation against lawless violence. .It whs with unfeigned regret we learned yesterday that the workhuuse paupers-men, women and children turned out in the morning (when it was presented to them fo,r the first time for breakfast) ugainst the use of stirabout, consisting ol' half oatmeal and half Indian meal ! A ton of the hitter had been purchased from ¡Mr. John Norris Russell, at £10, in order to try it. It was mixed with half oatmeal, and made into hasty pudding, and when it was served up nearly all the women, most of the children, lind every man, save seven, re- fused to eat it. That tins was the result of a conspiracy there can be no doubt, for the majo- rity ol those who rcfu«ed to eat it did not taste it to try wlienher they would like it or not; but having made up their minds, beforehand, they determined to fast lather than to eut it. Wc think the master and the guardians will be sadly wanting in their duty ii they do not permit them to adopt their own alternative, ' until they are brought to their senses, except such ns the'me- dical gentlemen will say it does not agree with." The news from America extended to, 5th March, but there . was, nothing of importance. The Oregon question was 'still before Congress, hut nothing new had transpired. , 