(ffirifltnnl (ttorvesponfccnrc. To the Editor of the Colonial Times §. Tasmanian. Bothwell, September 2, 1846. Sin.-The appearance of the paragraph in your paper about Mr. Wilson and myself, was to me a source of much regret, foreseeing that it was likely to involve me in newspaper controversy ; or, at least, to necessitate other disclosures, the publi- cation of whic'i would tend to the increase of any- thing but peace and harmony. The very injudi- cious notice taken of that paragraph by a certain learned, but, I fear, very unscrupulous^scribc. in the Courier, has much deepened this regret; which has' not been greatly diminished by your own remarks of yesterday, as 1 now find myself, in justice to all concerned, compelled to lay the »'11010 facts, disagreeable as it is, before the publio. It is the opinion of my friends, that, under the aspect the dispute lias at last assumed, I am bound in honour and duty to do this. In complying with their request, I shall endeavour to trespass no further on your patience and paper than seems absolutely necessary to a clear apprehension of the nature and merits of the case. As originally stated, then, in your paper, on Mr. Wilson's first officiating at Bothwell, I at- tended his Service, in token of Christian brother- hood and friendly feeling. Mr. Wilson, however, instead of reciprocating this manifestation of good- will, lost no timo in assuring Ids friends, and that in terms (as reported and believed here, and never by him denied) indicative of anything but respect, that ho nover would, nor could, return the com- pliment. Of this, at the time, I took no notice, further than by abstaining from açain going to hear him. As it was considered, however, that bavins somo cause, I must have felt offemlod, Mr. Wilson was induced, by the advice of friends, I believe, to call upon mo to explain the reasons of his conduct. These, translated into plain Eng- lish, simply svero, that he could not, without vio- lation of his conscience, (committing something, in his os\n eyes, approaching to a mortal sin,) ever grace with his sacred presonee so utterly unhal- ! lowed a thing as a Presbyterian Service. I told him, (hat I svas deeply grieved to hear it, parti- cularly for this reason : that as we both officiated, i not only in the same building, hut actually to the same congregation, such sentiments, uvoned and acted upon by him, could not fail, in the end, to i h ad to unpleasant results. | Imagining that Mr. Wilson might be labouring i under sonic delusion, as to my entertaining or ¡ teaching dangerous or heretical doctrines, I made i an effort to set him at ease on this point, by as- suring him, that I neither held nor inculcated any j .doctrines nt variance with those embodied in the Ai tides of his own Church, every one of which, so'far as doctrine was concerned, I could ex animo subscribe to, in their plain, obvious, natural sense. as an excellent summary of sound gospel truth : I hoped, therefore, he would be induced to re-con- sider his vie» s and resolution, so peculiarly inex- pedient in the particular position in which he and I were unfortunately placed towards each other. On this Mr. Wilson, smiling at my simplicity, and either regarding or affecting to regard the v. ry idea as a thing monstrous and out of the orderly and regular course of nature, observed that tho fuct of a elergyman.-*having Episcopal orders going to hear a Presbyterian teacher was a thing altogether unprecedented-it «as to him inconceivable"(I fear Mr. Wilson's reading, as well as his experience, must bo very limited)-in all his life he had never heard of such a propo- sition so much as suggested before. But further and even setting conscience (a very tender thing) aside, there were risks connected with such a proceeding on his part, which he should not deem it prudent to encounter. Kot only was his Bishop at ono with him on the principle at issue, but the .«aid Bishop's last, most earnest, and most urgent injunctions to him were (if in this Dr. Nixon is slandered, I am extremely sorry for it, but I am not the slanderer) to see to it, that no circumstances .should ever tempt bim into the commission of the unseemly and dangerous offence of once showing his face at the Presbyterian service. Hereupon ensued the ibUosvmg con- versation, to the all but minute verbal accuracy of which, as hero set down, I pledge my credit as a man of honor and a Christian-these Apostolical Succession men will not allow me to add-minister. " Are you, indeed, the Bishop's slave ? Are you really not permitted to think and act for yourself in such a matter ?" " No ; this Bishop is not like other Bishops ; he will bo obeyed ; he is very particular ; he is a most strict disciplinarian ; but it is according to my own conscience." " You would then consider it perilous to your salvation to go onco to hear my service?" " It is my conscience." " Why, were I a priest of Baal, of Brama, or of Mahomet, or a trafficker in the mummeries of Mumbo Jumbo, you could not have taken other, or higher grounds with regard to me ?" To this Mr. Wilson made no answer, but by a peculiarly complaisant look, indicated that I had exactly hit his views. Amazed and confounded, and scarcely crediting my own eyes and ears, I repeated the lust interrogation, and received tho ,stanriing reply, "it is according to my conscience." On these singular avowals, coming from a man calling himself a Piotestant Minister III comment were useless. They surely speak, and that elo-, quently, for themselves. In tile original article, as it appeared in your paper, there is, therefore, a small injustice» done to tho Bishop. The entire load of hateful, un. mitigated bigotry is laid upon his shoulders ; whereas, the subordinate functionary, so far as my light goes, glories in carrying his views even farther-of possessing a somewhat tenderer con- science in such affairs-than his distinguished principal himself. As to the baptism, the thing in itself is a trifle ; ¡?till fact; are facts ; and learned gentlemen-es- pecially Successors of tho Apostles-svriting for tho information of tho public, would do svvll, even in trifles, to pay some slight regard to truth. It is u great authority which says, "he that is faith- ful in that,windi is least, is also faithful in much ; and he (hat is unjust in tho least, is unjust also in muoh." The facts of tho Courier, then, are not Jacts, but impudent falsehoods. According to the Courier, the child was privately baptised by me. Now the fact is, that the child was baptised by me according to tho formal baptism of my.Church, , which recognizes no distinction between publio and private baptism. But Mr. Wilson, iUeeius, not only treated my baptism as valid, but actually paid mo a compliment, the same as though I had received the Holy Ghost, like himself, from a Successor of tho Apostles. And how did he thus honour me ? By causing the child I had .privately baptised, to be brought to.tliu church, thereto be publicly bap- tised by himself? No great compliment this, surely, and but a very equivocal proof, supposing , the fact to be as stated, which it is not, of his re- cognition of thu validity of my baptisml What( private baptism meani in Mr. Wilson's vocabulary I confess' I do not exactly know,' but this 1 do know, that if it means baptism administered in a private house, the child in question still labours under all tho defect of private baptism, It must s receive this unreiterable sacrament, (as the Canon- ists and sound Church- principle people designate it) yet anothcr^and third time to make sure work (doubtless) of its regeneration ; for so it is, that Mr. Wilson's Crucialevolutions (re-baptism is nrur acknowledged, nnd this is the truth) were all per- formed on,tli% floor of the identical cottage which on the dáv previous bad witnessed my unblest services, distant some two miles trom the Church. But why this attempted falsification and mysti- fication about private baptism t Why should Pu seyites be less honest than Jesuits? If, as Mr. Wilson led me to understand, he holds my minis- trations on the same footing with those of a priest of Baal, of Brama, or of Mumbo Jumbo-if hav- ing entered the fold by another way than tho door,' I nm in his estimation a thief ana a robber why shrink from manfully avowing his opinion before the world ?, and why not publish iti as from tho house tops, that ho conscientiously regards (as i ho certainly treats) ray baptism in the same light I w ith my prayers and preaching-as nn abnmina l tion -, or as his Bishop, quoting old Cyprian, so graphically expresses it, as ii baptism to the I Devil, not to Christ? This would furnish him . with a sound,honest, consistent, intelligible theory in defence of the volunteered exorcisms performed by bim on the occasion alluded to, and, if I am i ot misinformed, others. I Whilst on this subject. I may state that »I wa</ , ajked, and hid promised, to baptise the child in , question some ten days before Mr. Wilson's ar I rival. Accident prevented the fulfilling my en 1 gogeinent. I took the first opportunity to mention the circumstance to Mr. Wilson, stating that I should call without delay on the party, and re- commend Mr. Wilson to be sent for, in preference, to administer the rite. I did so, and not only re- ' commended, but urged, that he should be called, Í which was refused, on personal grounds, and be- cause my baptism was considered to bo quite as effectuai as his Mr. Wilson went himself, how- ever, unasked, and us I now understand privately re -baptised the child ; I have ress in to lieferet') the no small annoyance of those on whom bo'in- truded his services, though they did not deem it prudent to reject them_I am, &c.; JOHN ROBERTSON. 