LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. .DY 1 !olitene?s of Jfe^rs B Co., by t sidm.na, fi'Oii) the Mjuriti-m, English files from thn 7ill to the 24th October, and China papers to the 1st Novetnbsr. The following are the principal extrscts : — Her M:\jesty the Queen is again in a situation to add her domestic happiness, nni which cannot fail to excite the solicitude of her people. On th«3 21st September, her Royal Highness the Crown Princess of Hanover gave birth to a Prince, a fine healthy child. Her Majesty has commanded an immediate inspection of the Militia Staff throughout Great Britain and Ireland. An officer of her Majesty's regular forces, aided by a regimental or stuff surgeor, will forthwith visit the head- quarters of each regiment of tr.iliiia f^r ihit purpose. The object of the inspection is said to be the invaliding of the ineffective men. lire .'rend! , it is saii;, h^d u* tcrmincd to abann, the /'orS it'ids of Ion their poff .•ssit^n in Organic poor Queen Pomare, and the fid-iity of h?r adherents, having at leng'h sh.-imed them out of their base attempt to mawtiin the "protectorate of Tahiti. A new penal settlement o:: the northern coast of Australia is confidently spoken of by the Lon- don prpss. The first ships, with convicts on fcoavd, were to sail to Sydney en route for the new settlement. The fever of railway speculations has received somewhat of a check by the advanced rate of interpst announced on the 16th of October, by the Bank of England. The difference is oniy from 1 to 3 per cent., a rate more nearly approaching j the value of money for mercantile purposes during the past month ; but when speculation in railway shares has been carried far beyond any reasonable bounds, and new schemes are daily issued involving vast amounts of capital, this intimation of the Bank of England will cause many to hesitate in their mad career, and will, we trust, save many from the ruin attendant npon overspeculation with inadequate means. Othercauses, however, wholly independent of railway speculation, occasion grave anxieties as to the effect which may be produced by them upon the money market—we allude more particularly to the failure of the potato crops in Ireland, and which, together with the unsatisfactory state of our corn crops in tbe north of England, will probably compel an admission of foreign grain free of duty; for which we must now compete in foreign markets, with many of the European states suffering in like manner, from apprehension of short supplies. Such a measure as that above contemplated will not fail to cause alarm as to an undue export of the precious metals, and, under the restrictions of the late currency laws, to a reduced circulation at home; and the probability of such effects will cause men of capital to investigate more closely tbe nature of fheir present investments. It is said, that one of the earliest measures of Sir Robert Peel in the next session wiil be, to impose a duty of 2s 6d upon transfers cf railway shares, from which source a large increase to the Revenue is anticipated. The prospects of the New Zealand Company are in an improving condition, and Lord Stanley has undertaken to obtain for the Direc- tion a loan cf £100,003. It is contended that no loan would have been required, had die Government leit the colony fo the management of the Directors. The Revenue accounts up to the 10th October, lately published, give the total income for the year at £50,50-5,883; and for the quarter, at 113,811,380, being a decrease on the former of £'234,739, and on the latter of £260,9/8. These returns exhibit a state of things by no means as satisfactory as some anticipated, seeing that ir. the important items of cmton'iS there is a decrease in the quarter of £1,154,492, and in the year, of £1,591.953. But it must not, be forgotten, tint at the corresponding period of the last year, no less a sum than £-500,000 was paid upon Foreign Corn—none has this yeir been required. And also that a reduction of the Su=rar Duties has since taken place, which will account for a deficiency in the last quarter of about. £503,000. To (his may" be added sine, £100,000, for the reduction or abolition of duty on sundry other articles, making in all a sum of £1,400,000, according to whsch view there would be, in fact, an increase upon the qu rter of over £245,000 from what the Times calls " our regular imports." In the Excise Hie defi ierrcv on the quarter is £5, 7- c 4, but there is an increase on thej'earof £103, 273 ; in the Property Tax there is a deficiency on ihe year of £31,344, and on the quarter of £134, S28 ; and in the General Taxes there is a decrease on the quarter of £160, but on the year there is an increase of £23,426. There is an increase in the Post Office revenue for the year of £16,000, and on the quarter of £9,000 ; in thn Stamps of £427,985, for the year, and £114,487 for the quarter ;in the Crown Lands of £10,000 for the year, and £20,000 for the quarter; and in the miscellaneous, of £206.603 for (he year, and £214,141 for the quarter. This latter item, however, includes a sum of £450,000 received as the produce of silver remitted from China, without which the total deficiency would have been £910,973. The Witness furnishes a statesmen! of receipts on account of the several schemes of the Free and Estah ished Churches, from which we collect as follows:—Established Church, from 15th April, 1844, to 15th April, 1845, India, £-1,252 18s Ud, Education, £3,880 Ss 3:1 ; Home Mission, £2,7~32 Church Extension, £32 3s6|d; Colonies, £2,572 I3s 9J; Jews, 2,104 3s lO^d ; Total, 15,574 8s J0d. Free Church, from 30th March, 1844, to 30th Alarch, IS45 :—Education, £l8,469 2s 9d ; Foreign Mission, £19,Oil 4-? 9^d ; Homo Mission, £4,693 Is 6M; Colonies, £8^390 13s 6d ; Jews, £6.311 12s 3d; New College, £9,195 14s 3d; Continental Chinches, £1,841 12s 2d ; Ross and Sutherland Fund, £51 10s 8d ; Sabbath Observance, £ 117 1 Is Igd. Total £68.OSS 2s lljd. According to the expectation, the fall of ashy dust in the Orkneys has been explained by an eruption of Mount Hecla, in Iceland. After a repose of eighty years, the mountain began to terri!y the inhabitants by dismal noises, on the 1st September ; at mid-day on the 2nd, fire burst forth at the summit, where there was no regularly-formed crater; and two streams of lava flowed down the north and north-west sides, where there is nothing but barren and uninhabited heaths. Some sheep were killed, and the fish in the rivers near the eruption were destroyed by the heat ; the waters became too hot to be forded even on horseback. Sir David Brewster, who is married toadaugh« t-er of the late James Mecpherson, Esq., translator of " Ossian's Poem?," has discovered some letters among the papers of his father-in-law which may lead to (he discovery of a great secret—the authorship of '* Junius." The person who, as Sir David thinks, may be iJentificsd as the author, is Lachlan Maclean, the son of an Irish Presbyterian Clergyman, but descended from the ancient Scottish family of the M'Leans of Coll. He was bred to the study of medicinc, but became a political writer and adventurer in London, and rose to some eminence. He was once an Under-Secretarr of State, ip which capacity he might have become acquainted with state secret*. Having been sent out to India by Government in 1776, he was shipwrecked and drowned on the passage —a circumstance that may account for the nonrevealmeut of the secret as to the authorship of " Junius. ,T His papers were lost at the ^me time. The commissioners on the Fine Arts have reported that there are in the new Mouses of Parliament portions of the edifice which could with propriety and advantage ha devoted to statue*, busts, That six insulated marble statues might be conveniently placed in St Stephen'sporeh, and that sb:t:en such statues might be conveniently placed in St Stepheu's-hall ; and that though it. is not desirable that a corresponding number of eminent names be now pointed out wiih a view to the entire occupation of these places, they at once prepared to recommend that statues of Marlborough and Nelson be placed in St Stephen's-porch ; and tbe statues of Selden, Hampden, Lord Falkland, Lord Clarendon, Lord Somers, Sir Robert Walpole, Lord Chatham, Lord Mansfield, Burke, Fox. Pitt, and Grattan, be placed in St Scephen's-hall. For the eighteen niches in the House of Lords, the effigies recemmended are the following, selected from among the principal barons who signed Magna Charta : —Stephen Langton, Archbishop of Canterbury ; William, Bishop of Londcn; Almeric, Masters of Knights Templars ; William, Earl of Salisbury ; William, Earl of Pembroke ; VVaryn, Earl of Warren ; William, Earl of Arundel ; Hubert de Burg, Earl of Kent; Richard, Earl of Clare ; William, Earl of Aumerle; Geoffre}', Earl of Glocesler ; Saher, Eatl of Winchester; Henry, Earl of Hereford ; Roger, Eerl of Norfolk Robert, Earl of Oxford; Robert Fitzwaiter, Eustace de Vesta, William de Mowbray. A memorandum by the commissioners records their opinion that the entrance to the Houses of Parliament by the grand staircase, landing-place, grand room, Victoria Gallery, and lobby to the House of Peers, should contain the statues of Sovereigns, namely—Egbert, Edgar, Canute, and Edward the Confessor, and the whole series from William the Conqueror to Victoria. dueen Mar\', the wife of William III., and Prince Albert, are all to be included. The Victoria-hall to contain twelve statues; beginning with Henry VII., ending with Queen Anne, and including Mary. The committee appointed " to prepare a general list of distinguished persons of the United Kingdom, to whose memory statues might with propriety be erected in or adjoining the new Houses of Parliament, such list being unrestricted as to the number of distinguished persons, and as to the time in which they lived," have submitted two lists ; the first (A), of names to which they agreed unanimously—the second (B\ of names on which they were not unanimous, but decided by greater or smaller majorities. Li st (A)—Alfred, Elizabeth, Robert Bruce; Lord Burleigh, John Hampden, Earl of Clarendon, Lord Somers, Earl of Chatham, Edmuni Burke, C. J. Fox; William Pitt, Sir Thomas Mote, Sir Edward Coke. John. Selden, S"r Matthew Hale, Earl of Mansfield, Lord Erskin, Venerable Bede, Richard Hooker, Sir Wm. Wallace, Sir Philip Smith, Duke of Marlborough, Lord Clive, Lord Heathfield, Lord Howard of Effingham, Sir Francis Drake, Admiral Blake, Lord Rcdney, Lord Howe, Lord Duncan, Lord St Vincent, Lord Nelson, Sir Walter Raleigh, Capt. Cook; Sir Thomas Gresham, Chauser, Spencer, Earl of Surry, Shakespeare, Milton, Addison, Richardson, Dr Johnson, Cowper, Sir Walier Scott, Bacon, Napier, Newton, Locke, Robert Boyle; Carton, Watt, Herschel, Cavendish, In igo Jones, Sir Christopher Wren, Ilogarth, Sir Joshua, Reynolds, Flaxman; John Howard William Wilberforce ; Harvey, Jenner. List (B)—Richard I., Cesar de lion, Edward I., Ed- Ul., the Black Prince, Henry V., Willhm IIT., George III., Cardinal Langton, William of Wickham, Cardinal Wo.'sey, Earl of Stafford, Lord Falkland, Sir Robert Walpole, Earl of Hard wrick Earl Cambden, Grattan, Warren Hastings ; Speaker Onslow, John Wicklow, John Knox, Cranmer, Archbishop Usher, Archbishop Taylor, Jeremy Taylor, Chillingworth, Barrow, Bishop Butler, John Wesley, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Chandos, Marquess of Montrose, Cromwell, Monk, General Wolf, Sir Eyre Coote, Sir K. Abercvombie, Sir John Moore ; Hawke ; Ben Jonson ; John Bunyan, Dryden. Pope, Swift, Goldsmith, Burns, Sir William Jones: Robertson, Hume; Fielding; Roger Bacon, Smeaton, Brindley, John Hunter, Adam Smith ; Purcell; Garrick. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.—The^ following notice, issued by the Directors of the Bank of England, shows that the long- anticipated movement has taken place ; — '* Bank of England, October IG. At the Court of Directors held this day. resolved— " That the minimum rate of interest in London for bills and notes discounted at the Bank of England be £3 per ccnt, snch bills and notes not having more than 95 days to run." Among the monied interest this step meets general approval. For some time, money has b?en in sufficient demand to enable the capitalists to make greater profit in the employment of it, bad not tha low rate fixed by the Bank of England proved an obstacle. It is supposed by many that the rise in the interest of money will not stop at this point, on the ground that the Bank lately limited their period of accommodation la one month, and that this month has not yet expired. The increase within the last ten days of new railway speculations announced, answers to a capital in round numbers of £50,000.000, the schemes being about forty in number. There had previously been advertised about 460 new railway schemes to be brought before the parliamentary session of 1846, and representing a capital of £500,000,000, the first call on which may be roughly estimated at £45,000,000. By the Indus, which arrived at Liverpool, advices have been received from Valparaiso. A letter contains the following rather startling announcement:—" We have a report here that her Majesty's steamer Salamar.der, has been sunk by a French frigate, the Uranie, 3t Tahiti ; but we have not been able to trace the report." ENORMOUS TAKB OF WHALES.—Lerwick, Sept. 22.—On Thursday last, t;n immtn-e body of whales visited Quendall Bay, and were received wiih every demonstration cf rejoicing. The moment the cry of " whales coming," was he«rd, one general and simultaneous rush towards the shore was made by the inhabitants. Boats were manned, axes shouldered, harpoons handled, knives laid hold of, old pickaxes, shovels, spades, pokers, hammers, and every other available lethal weapon held in requisition. Splash went the oars, the excited rowers being stripped. What an animating sight! The dealing of deadly blows, the rushing in of the ponderous shoals, and the dying throes of the expiring mon*tprs, all united in an incongruous harmony to add to the intensity of interest felt on the occasion. For two hours the deadly combat lasted. At last one loud and long shout of victory was raised from the triumphant Zetlanders. who stood gloating over one thousand five hundred and forty whales!!! What a capture, and what a scene! No language can pourtray it; and, therefore, to attempt a description were needless. Not one escaped. All lay in one heap of slain. Some of the young men when chasing the shoal into slr-diow water, actually left their boats, and sat astrido the animals, riding them to the shore! The history of whale catching in Zetland does not afford an instance of such extensive capture in such an incredible short period of time, A handsome sum is expected to be realized by the captors as the reward of their labours.—John o'Groat Journal. The Eclair steam-sloop arrived lately at tbe •VTotherbank with the yellow flag, with a black ^all in its centre, flying from her mainmast head. She has been so dreadfully visited with sickness since she has been on the coast of Africa that she has been sent home. The awful number of 65 have died in the vessel, and there are 23 ill on board of a fever something between the yellow and the black. The following are the symptoms and progress of this direful disease:—Inmost cases the patient first felt chilled, then suffered acute frontal pain, with a feeling of pressure over and about the eye-balls; then costivenes9, enduring great thirst, with the edges and tip of the tongue a bright red, loaded in the centre with a white mucus of a firm substance ; the pulse small and quick, but not very hard ; skin dry, and severe pain in the loins. Vomiting occurred after a few hours, of a green fluid, attended by a pain across the chest and epigastrium, and then continuous vomiting until all food was ejected from the stomach. On the third or fourth day the patient vomited a brownish flocculi of 'a dark fluid colour; this became gradually darker, delirium ensued, and all the vital powers soon sunk, the tongue becoming soft, of a bright red, dry in the centre, from which condition none ever rallied. No suppression of urine, glandular enlargement, or changing of the colour of the skin. The general treatment appears to have been an application of warm turpentine over the epigastrium. It in most cases gave ease to the patients, and ia said to have been attended with great benefit* The following deaths have taken place on board the Eclair since Iter arrival at SandgaieOreek : Mr Saunder?, the pi'ot who brought the vessel round from Portsmouth ; Lieut. Isaacson, who it was thought was getting better, and Mr Sydney Bernard, the assistant-surgeon, who volunteered his services on board the Eclair at Madeira. The Eclair has been fumigated, and it is now intended to burn eve>ything o« t of her, and wash and whitewash her well. The fever aUo appeared on board the Growler steam-vessel, just srrived at Woolwich from the coast of Africa. Two sailors died; but steps were taken to check the disorder more prompt than w^re used wi.h the unfortunate Eclair. THE NEW GERMAX CHURCH.—The Protestant movement in Germany, headed by the Abbe Konge, has now assumed a consistency and form. At the great convocation .\t. Leipsic, the following Articles of Faith were adopted First—That the Iloly Scripture alone and entirely constitute the foundation of the Chris:ian faith; the comprehension and interpretation of such Scriptures being freely delivered over to reason, penetrated and moved by Christian piinciple. Secondly—As a symbol of our faith we adopt the fallowing declaration i—' I believe in God the Father -vrho, by Elis Almiphtv word created the vror'-d, and governs it in visd -m, justice, and !ove. I belUve in Jesns Christ, the Son of God, our Saviour; ( believe in the Holy Ghost, a holy universal church of Christ, the forgiveness of sins and the life everlasting. Amen.' " We renounce the supremacy of the pope, declare ourselves f:ee from the hierarchy^ and refuse beforehand all concession which ihe hierarchy may hereafter make to bring the liberated church once more under its yoke. Auricular confesjsin is a'so rejected ; celibacy, the intercession of s.iots, the adoration of reiics and images. Whilst, however, auricular confess*oo i« afco'ished, any individual member of a congregation may, if he be s > inc'inel, comraanica'e with the' | riest he r o?e partaking the sacrament; n >ne shall be constrained to do so. Indulgences are 1 enounced, and wiih them prescribed fasts, pilgrimages, aud all such institutions <.f the church as conduce to an unmeaning and sauctificatioa of works. Butpe* feet liberty ofconsuence is allowed, free searching into at-d interpretation of holy wr t, with no shackles of external tyranny or iits. Tw o sacraoients c n'y a»e acknowledged - those of baptism and the Lord's Supper, whilst ev^ry'individual community or insulated fl^ck is not S t restrained that i may not re ain christi«n usages. Baptism is to be administered to children, and the remaining sacmaent to the congregation in both elements. The latter is to be recieved in remembrance of our Lord and Saviour, and (he doc r'.ne of tr ini ubstaiitiati-u is ^h • 1/ f iven iip. Marriage is regarded as a h ly institution. and the b'essjng rf the ehu r ch as neces-ary to it. No prohibitory conditions or restrictions are* acknowledged on this head, save those established by law. The first duty of the christian is believed f»n? confessed to be that of proving faith by worls of Chr'siian love." NEW LIKES OF STEAM VESSELS.—New lines of steamers from this country to dis'ant parts of the wor'd are ccn tantly forming. On Wednesday last the Novelty sailed from Liverpool to Constantinople, as the first of a monthly line of steamers between th's port and the Turkish capita?. We Bee fcy the Times that steamers have just begun to run between London and Leghorn, and J n a short time the line from Liverpool to Rio and the ltiver Plate will commence operations. British enterprise has now established steam communication with the following countries :—To Russia, Sweden, and Denmaik, by the Hull line; to St. Peteisburgh : to North Germany, by the Hull and London lines to Hamburgh; lo Holland, Belgium, afcd France, by the General Steam Company's vessels ; to the north and south of Spain and to Portugal, by the Peninsular Company's vessels ; to Italy, by the new line from London to Leghorn; to Malta, the l evant, and Constants ople, by the new iine from Liverpool; to Epypt, Arabia, Ceylon, India, Singapore, and China, ly the Oiieiital S eam Companj's vessels; to British America and the Uuted S»a es,by the Cunad and Great Western l nes f om Liverpool; to ilie West Irdies, Mexico, and the north coast of South Amerce by the West India Hue; to Peru acd Chili by the West Coast line ; to Brazil and the River Plate by the line now building in Liverpool. The only BrltUh colonies of any inportaoce which have not now the advau'age of steam commun citkn with the Mother-country are the Capp, the Ma-iritiu?, and the Australian colonies.—Liverfoil Times. The crl'ar to the uniform of the Royal Marines is to be blue, instead of blue and red as at present, from and after the 23rd April, 1846. The Gazetta. de Cologne states that the negotiations between the ZoUverein and Holland l??ive entirely failed, owing to the combined influence of France and England. The National devotes a long article to the tffairs of Madagascar, and ia order to prove the right of France to the sovereignty of the island, it goes back to tie year 1642, when the Ministry of Car. dinal Richel eu authorised a French company to occupy and colonise Madagascar and the sdjaceit islanoe. It next refers to the year 1670, when the French King cancelled the pmilegrs granted to the con<pinj, and attac'.ied Madagascar to the Crown of Frar**. " In 1686 (it says), a Royal Ordinance proclaimed anew the annexation of oriental Fiance to the domains of the French Crown, this declaration being confirmed by edicts of 1719,1720, and 1725." It also mentions that the treaty rf Par's, of the 30;h of May, 1814, restored to Trance all the establishments which she Tobsessed beyond the limits cf Europe previous to 1792. The National continues to harp npon the impolicy cf permitting English co-operation in the affairs of Madagascar. It siys the Times lately disputed our rights orer Madagascar, and added that it world be absurd to wish to prevent the English from revenging themselves for the blood of their countrymen, and their national dignity. These dispoeitos reveal but -O J well the urriece pensees of the Cabim t of St. Janpo's. Therefore we tepe t once more, it vcu d be berter to make no exredidon at a'l than hav.j the co- operation of the English in t. It is pnf rable even that Romaic-Detfo^e3 be recalled for hiving acted in concert with our rivals. It ig evident that the English are seeking to protract as much *s poss.b'e ihe adjustment c f the affairs of Madagascar. Tfcey are endeavouring to claim our Ministers by demonstrating * the perils of the enterprise-,' whilst they contest our tights of sovereignty. As to the * perils 1 cf the enterprise, that is our affair. We will take the p escnt opportunity of stating, however, thtt the Hovas are npt the least in the wnrH like what they w<»uld vvi»h them to be thought in the office of the Times. Once on the spot we will ur-d^rtake to aven&e; the injury done to the BritMi H^g, and save our ne ghbours the froubls ard expense of attacking enemies whom they proclaim so formidable. It is necessary, however, that we act without further delay, and that we should instantly set about prejanng th? execution of the military and diplor ma io plan whieh is to insure the triumph of * r;.n(?e, of Frau.'e alone,*and the anaiiiilation of ti e power of the MQV^K The bhA of «ur soldiers, decapitated at Tamatave, cries for vengeance. The moment for atfion has arrived. If we delay any longer, we shall find ourselves op* posed by difficultiea which will not fail to affright the pus'llanimity of our Ministry." Advices from Rid reported from Buenos Ayies the rejection by General Rosas of the ti'timaium of the allied powers. The Argentine fleet was therefore seized, and immediate steps adopted by the Bri ish and French Ministers to drive the troops under Oribe from the Banda Oriental. An official document, dated the 1st of August, and signed by Mr Turner, the British Charge d*Affaires at Monte Video, had appeared, intimating that a v'gorous blockade would be established in all the ports of the Oriental republics. Later accounts, to the 7th of August, st*ta that the crews of the Argentine squadron hud been brought to Buenos Ay res by the English steamer Firebrand and the French steamer Fulton, and in the Utter, on the motning of t-ie 7th, was General or Admi.al Brown. The English flag had been hoised on board one of the Argentine rquadron. The English resident landowners (with their labourers) had abandoned their estates, and the masteis of Br'tish vessels had received notice from Captain Hotham, of the war-steamer Gorgon, to be p-ep^red, if required,, to tike British suljects on board. On the 7th of August there were at Buenos Ayres the Gorgon and Firebrand steamers and the Dolphin schooner, with somf other British vessels of war ; but at Monte Video there WJS a far greater fl?et, consisting of Eng ish, French, and Brazilians—the latter under th* orders of the English commanding officer. The Buenos Ayreans had sunk vessels in the river to prevent the approach of the eombined squadrons, and they had proclaimed a severe conscription. Every mate bcrn in tha country, of sufficient age, was liable to serve, whether of native or foreign parentage. Everything was look'n^ warlike, no native libourers could be obtained, and the streets were deseited. The Experimental squad.on, under command of Rear- Admiral Sir Samuel Pym, entered Plymouth Sound on ih? night of 10th inst. During the second trip, which commenced Sunday, the 28th ult., the fleet experienced no weather sufficiently severe to test their sa'l ng qualities. The same conflicting opinions as to their several qualities are still entertained by officers from different shif s : but the following remarks are from a sood practical aud disinterested authority. The Queen, 110, is the best three-decked ship under almost any circumstances, the only exception being in very heavy Wcathei', when she is beaten by the Trafalgar, 120. The Queen is always ahead when eoitig free, and it is stated th^t the highest authority in the fleet rpeaks of her in the best terms. The Trafalgar, 120, is much improved since last in harbour; in very heavy weather she takes the lead, aud during the last tiip has thus been twice at the head of the fleet. The Rodney, 92, is superior to any of the j two-deckers, and occasionally beats the whcli squadron, except the Queen when going free. She is a good foul weather ship. The 92, which had 50 tons of bal'a^t taken out of her when ia Plymouth Sound about a fortnight sinc«, has thereby damaged her sailing qualities, and has thus lost the relative position she previou«-y held in the fleet. The Canopus, 84, st li holds her p-ac a , and the Vanguard, 80, has this trip done better than in the former. The Daring btig, 12, is, from her small tonnage and canvass, always left behind, except when on a wind ucdsr storm stay sail?, ia which case she drift* less, and in consequently ahead, followed by the Rodney, Queen, A 'bion, and the rest. EARL SPENCER.—'This nobleman, who ex* pired at Wieston, on the 1st Of October, was born on the 30 h cfM»y. 1782. I i 1830, as Lord AUhorp, he became leader of the Ministerial party in the House of Commons, occupying the office of Chancel'or of the Exchequer ; and durirg hi? administration his opponents charged him with supporting questions i.i Opposition which he opposed during his tenure of office. Amonst the instances cited were the asses^d tixfs, the extension of thi elective franchise, the ballot, the newspaper ta«, the cheap pamphlet duty, military flogging, and thx pension list. Of the measures which he supported and wasinstru.nental in carrying, Parliamentary Reform and the Poor Law Amendment Act may be reckoned (he most Conspicuous. Respecting the fcrmer, his Lordship was the chief ngett in carrying it through the House of Commons. Technically speaking, L»rd John Rutsell had " charge of the billbut Lord Althorp made himseK perfectly master of its details, and the admirable good temper with which he discussed the whole of its provisions, excited unqualified applause; while the extraordinary powers (ftrcoUection wh'ch he displayed while debiting its details drew furth the most flattering compliments even from his opponents. And his success was the more remarkable when we recollect that Lis temper was tiled every night by the withering sarcasms of Mr Cn ker, and his memory unceasingly tested by the rndaraitabfe ia* du-try of Sir It. Peel. On the 10th of November, 1834, the tieuh of Lord Althrop's father removed the late Earl Spencer to the House of Lords, and furnished an occasion, of which WiU liam IV. immediately availed himself, for declaring the Melbourne Ministry dissolved. Sir R. Peel was summoned from Italy to face for a few months an adverse House of C.immoi.s, ar:d when once more the Liberal party regained their seats on the Treasury benches, no office was found in which Lord Spencer ou'd assist hisguoncfrm colleagues. Thus ended the public career of the noble Earl, the close of who e natural life it is now our duty to record. Kitie years ago he gave up the hopes and fears of political existence, and though he delivered two or three speeches in the House of Lords duri« g that period, yet his oratory was for the most part confined to agricultural dinners, and the distribution of prizes of Cattle Shows. Amidst such scenes he seemed precisely in that position for which he was intended by nature and qualiSsd by education. II s popuisr manners, burl} frame, and unpret*nded exterior, would seem to justify the sa\ ing, that though he was a firmer amongst lords, he was no iord amongst farmers ; that, on the contrary, he w»8 most thoroughly one of themselves, aud quite t»the " ixauner born/' Whatever may have been his error* as a politician, or his prejudices as a pobl c man, every one will be ready to teknow- JeJge tfaat the party to wh'ch he bel uiged conlaiued many more unworthy tn-mbers than L rd Spencer ; and tbit, viewing hi n in ihe re'atit Ui of private life—tin his capacity of a country gen- Uema&ofrit;^rould requite ao ana all amount «f percritical severity to prefer any charge against the nobleman just deceased. Amongst his political adherents and personal acquaintences he was univetsally esteemed; and the decease of such a man cannot fail to occasion very general and very sincere regret. AMEBICA.—There is no account of any hostilities having taken place at " the seat of war," as Texas is termed in the United States papers ; the rumours of large Mexican armies marching towards that country appear to be pure fu-ti jne. From all accounts, the sole preventive that exists against a war .between the two countries is the want of money on the part of Mexico. I a the meantime the country is in great disorder, and the province of Tobacco, taking advantage of the opportunity, have revolted, and declared their independence. The Auiericao forces in Texas have been suffered to concentrate, and establish their position, undisturbed by any attack, at Corpus Christi, described as one of the healthiest and most beautiful spots in the world. It was said that Gen. Tayfar will occupy this position for about two months, and in case the Mexicans in the mean time take no measures of decisive attack, they will then move forward to the mouth and borders of the Rio Grande, and will establish that as the boundary liue between the two countries. The Washington I'nion (UnitedStates , official) hints that the United States troops \vi 1 not act on the offensive, unless such a course b? rendered necessary by an attack from the Mexicans. We have no liter news from California; but the Washington Journal, after g'ving a de scription of thst country, sars :— 14 As this beautiful region will doubtless be speedily annexed to the United States, these details cannot but piove interesting to our citizens generally." The death of Judge Storey, one of the most upright men and sound Uwvers of the United States, took place on the 11th September. The emigrants from the more eastern states of the Oregon territory have organised themselves into a sort of separate Government, totally independent of Congress. The s ip of land between the mountainous chai i av.d the Pac Be Oaean is said to be sought w : th the greatest earnestness, persons constantly flocking thither by thousands. There is even a notion that independent Governments may thus arise in the west, powerful enough to prove formidable to the Uaited States. Sueh a c ondition of things was predicted by President Jefferson, and more recently by Colonel Breton. The bustle and anxiety respecting a Mexican war is nearly at an end, No person seems r.ow to entertain apprehensions of such an event. The administration have failed to accomplish the great measure they had ia view. War with a divided, distracted, and feeble foe, was their object. It would have opened a wide field for extravagant and wasteful expenditure bv uoprinci t jled and corrupt hangers-on of the palice. All the dreams of plunder by profligate men have vanished, and their no longer remains to them a hope of reward for the outpourings of their mock patriotism. Despatches from General Taylor, in Texas, have been received as late as the ll h of Sept. 'I hey contain nothing of importance. The Convention had adjourned, after adopting a constitution, which, agreeably to a prccUmation issued by President Jones, was to be submitted to the people on the 13th of O-tober, for their approval or rejection. At the same time they were to vote on the question whether they were in favour or against annexation. The Union publishes a letter from Mr Pakenham, the Bri'ish minister, transmitting an extract of a despatch lately received by her Majesty's Government from the Governor of New Z^ltnd, containing i ifoim tion of the friendly and generous assistance afforded by officer of the United States navy—Captain M'Keever, of the St. Louis—to the local authorities and the European inhabitants of the settlement, in a case of great emergency; and expressing to the Government of the United States the high sense which her Majesty ent rta : ns of the services rendered by Cap'ain M'Keever on the occasion referred to. Another outbreak amongst the Mormonifs had t -ken pl ice. A htter in the Si. Louis Republican represeats the state of things amocg tiie Mormons, or rather among the bands of laless men who had assumed the title of Anti* Mormons, as most deplorable. They were carrying Are and faggot into the Mormon settlements in all directions, and did not confine t-iemselves to the Mormons o Jv, but laid waste the dwellings of ail those subsisted of favouring those fanatics. Down to the night of Sunday, the 1 i r .h Sept., it is stated that sixty houses hai been burnt down in Adams and Hancock counties The Anti-Mormons had entered into an extended combination, and announced their determination not to stop rhort of the expulsion of every Mormon from Hancock county, in which is Xauvoo; a d it was apprehended that a conflict wouli- result between the two parties. 