SELECT POETRY. THE CLOUD. The fresh showers for the thirsting flowers From the seas and the streams ; I bear Bebt for the leaves when laid In their noon-day dreams. From my wings are shaken the dews that waken The sweet birds every one. When rock'd to rest on their mother's breast, As she dances about the sun. I wield the flail of the lashing hail, and whiten the green plains under ; and then again dissolve it in vain, and laugh as I paw in thunder. I sift the snow on the mountains below, And their greater pines groan aghast ; And all the night 'tis my pillow white, While I sleep in the arms of the blast. Sublime on the towers of my skiey bowers, Lightning, my pilot, sits. In a cavern under is fettered the thunders, It struggles and howls at fits ; Over earth and ocean with gentle motion, This pilot is guiding me, Lured by the love of the genil that move in the depths if the purple sea : Over the rills, the crags,, and hills, Over the lakes and the plains. Wherever he dream under mountain and stream The spirit he li\oves remains ; And I all the while bask in heaven's blue smile Whilst he is dissolving in rains. The sanguine sunrise with his meteor eyes, And his burning plumes outspread, Leaps on the back of my sailing rack, When the morning star shines dead As oh the jag of a mountain crag, Which an earthquake rocks and swings. An eagle slit one moment may sit In the light of its golden wings. And when sunset may breath. from the lit sea beneath. Its ardour of rest and of love, And the crimson pall of eve may fall from the depth pf heaven above, With wings folded I rest, mine airy neat, As still as a brooding dove. That orbed maiden with white fire laden, Whom mortals calls the moon. Glides glimmering o'er my fleece-like floor, By the midnight breezes strewn ; And wherever the beat of her unseen feet, Which only the angels hear, May have broken the woof of my tent's thin roof. The stars peep behind her and peer ; But I laugh to see them whirl and flee, Like a a swarm of golden bees. When I widen the rent in my wind-built tent Till the calm rivers, lakes, and seas, Like strips of the sky fallen through me on high. Are each paved with the moon and these. I bind the sun's throne with a burning zone. And the moon's with a girdle of pearl ; The volcanoes are dim, and the stars reel and swim. When the whirlwinds my banner unfurl. From cape to cape, with a bridge-like shape, Over a torrent sea, Sunbeam proof I hand like a roof, The mountains its columns be, The triumphal arch throuh which I march With hurricane, fire and snow. When the power if the air are chain'd to my I am the daughter of earth and water, And the nuraling of the sky ; pass through the pores of the cases and shores ; I change but I cannot die, For after the rain, when with never a strain ; The pavilion of heaven is bare. And the wind and sunbeams with their conves gleams. Build up the blue dome of air, I sillently laugh at my own canotaph, And out of the caverns of rain, Like a child from the womb, like a ghost from the tomb, I arise and unbuild it again. 