ïHE OBSERVER. HOBART TOWN.TUESDAY, MARCI! 31. GOVERNMENT CONFIDENCE AND CONFIDENCE IN. GOVERNMENT. A FEW hours' experience- n nenrer view of the Government-has had the effect of con- vincing some of the new Couacillors tlir.t they could not, with credit to '.hcmselvcs, retain scats which they should never have accepted. Their immediate resignation, 0:1 discovering their error, is houournblí to them- selves, ami a testimony to the Secretary of State that their predecessors were actuated by u sense of duty, and that no man guided by principle, can countenance the present course of Government. The deliberations of our Council will excite no curiosity, occasion no suspense. Thc Gacctte will nt once inform tts not only what is proposed, but whnt will be done, and his Excellency, after assuring himself cf the remaining mixture of old and new Council, lors, has wisely dispersed them until another family transaction-another loan to pay sa. lnries-is to be ratified. But nothing islr.orc amusing than Air. Ilicheno's assertion that thc Government has confidence in thc people, ¡ and that tho people reciprocate thc feeling. Has his Excellency displayed that caili I deuce? Has not his correspondence mini festcd contrivance and reservation ?-tlic deceptive generalities, wc do not say, <f a trickster. Did not thc new members citer j the Council with thc understanding Unit they should bc required to perform no ser- vile duties? That they should not be ex pected to increase the burdens of the coloiy? That thc police expenses should bc dis- charged, neither directly nor indirectly, by their concurrence ? Or, is it proof of his Excellency's confidence, that he concealed to thc last moment tho humiliating condition to which his Council were destined ? That I he suddenly called upon them to decide between an instant opposition to thc Governor, and the lasting reprobation'of their countrymen. It may bc thus thai n despot treats his slaves who owe lim the blind submission of their fears-aiul who need not but to obey. It is thus thc wily partisan steals a march on the simpli- city of his opponents ; but we see nothjig of statesmanlike dignity and openness, wh ch tire natural to minds conscious of the rig it. Had the Governor foundhiscircumstancese ff barrassed, and proposed a loan for open coin petition, thc colony might have submitted ito a temporary suspension of that check which is supposed to reside in the Council, and to have ratified a bargain ou its naked necessity, honestly, though illegally made. But is it to be tolerated that thc colonial revenue is to be secretly pledged on his Excellency's solo authority, and the transaction conceal ed for several months ? And are wc sure that this is all ? Are wc certain that the debentures, not to be used, but under a mighty pressure, are not really intended to redeem some other pledge ? There is, not- withstanding, a kind of confidente which our officials indulge. They believe that our farmers are in prosperity, that oir flying settlers are in peace. They believe that a Hush in thc Customs occasioned bj the es- cape of spirits is a grand and unequivocal indication of coming plenty. Tivy have abundant conlidcncc in their own wisdom, frugality, and justice. They bc'icvc in Lord Stanley, they believe in tho Times, they believe in "a gentleman of rank." They have no doubt that what Lad Stan- ley has distinctly refused, against which he has protested, and which he luis treated with ridicule, lie is preparing to bestow though long delayed. O glorious exhibi- tion of simplicity and faith! Mr. Dunn, however generous, ¡daces no trust iii pro- mises. He presents a bill. Thc capitalista accustomed to speculate dread thc odds against them, and demand pawns as thc bail of promises. Thc Chief Justice himscll refused to lend '25 per cent, of his salary, and required Acts for thc security of words. 13ut in spite of all these symptoms of dis- trust, Mr. Bicheno prophecies the quick ar rival of Lord Stanley's golden bull. lit pledges himself with all the ardour of a cou lessor to the truth of his testimony, ant stirs up his imagination lo the highest pitel of official faith. Ile believes because it i¡ his duty. Ve fear the colonists are ungrateful, ant unbelieving; that there is no return of lovi for love, of confidence for confidence. I was not always so. On his Excellency*! arrival " there shone such truth about him' that every member of the community fol disposed to confide in iiis words. But tin current of feeliug is changed-it would b impossible to imagine thc impcrceptibl point into which that confidence is compres sed. It may exist somewhere, but it is lik a rumour which no one can trace-a ghost which no one can overtake. Even thc good faith of tho Government i insisted upon so rhetorically by tho Cole ' nial Secretary, will gain little by examina tion. Thc water-pipes which line ou etrects nie witnesses against it. Tho exe cution uf thc waterworks had been commil ted to Captain Swanston-the contract be tween him and thc Government was com plctc-he had engaged au engineer, incui red many preliminary expenses, and wa prepared to commence the work, when tin Government coolly slipt out of the bargaii and left him no remedy but that of appen to Lord Stanley, who no doubt will gran compensation, and the colony will pay fo the fault of thc Government. There may bc confidence in individual off ecrs ; but in the Government there is none Thc length and breadth of the island wi not produce an example of that trus Every mau uses his own measure and tesl but thc difference given is in degree, not i essence. Thc Colonial Secretary cxhibil with exultation thc deeds deposited in li office, as a proof of public confident Alas, it is an evidence of general povert; Those deeds remain in his hands, like a[ parel in that of the pawnbroker, and n equally striking evidences of public cstim lion ; or perhaps to speak with greater pri priety, they arc just such tokens of cool dence ns thc goods of n debtor are to bailiff iu possession. Vc do not prcsun to sny that thc Secretary blundered in 1) illustration. It was requisite to give sor evidence of public esteem, some of tho memorials which arc proudly treasured the records of general regard. Mr. Biche looked over the addresses to thc Govern and found nothing-through thc pctitio to thc Queen, and not a word. It w written on no visage, and uttered by voice. Ile called louder and louder I confidence, and it came forth in deeds frc the irou chests in his office ! 