ADDRESSES TOTHE CATHOLIC BISHOP, ADDREss. To theo Right Rev. the Bishop oj Hobart T'oln. Launceston, September 5, 1848. IMY LoaD,-On your leaving this Island, and undertaking a long voyage, to promote in the most efficient manner, the welfare of the people, whom God has in His wisdom confided to your care, we, fe the Catholics of Ltunceston and its vicinity, beg to express to you our attachment, veneration, and love. yc We have a deep sense of your earnest and unceasing exertions to lessen the amount of human suffering, and to promote the happiness of all ; but more especially of those, who being in bondage, you have kindly considered, have the deepest claim upon your sympathy. We beg you will accept our kindest wishes,and earnestprayer, that the blessing of the Almighty may attend you on your voyage, and that you may be restored safe to us again. Dear to us, my Lord, is the religion of our lFathers, and clear are you to us as our Chiel Pastor in the Chrchi of God ; and we confidently hope and trust, that a the difficulties which at present interpose, being t removed, there may be happy days for the future ; and may. God prosper your exertions for the happi ness of ourselves and our children. REPLY. To the Catholics of Launceston, greeting, in our I Lord Jesus Christ; Your affectionate address I have received with t most heartfelt satisfaction and gratitude. Your declaration of attachment to the ancient I Faith was, Iassure you, unnecessary ; for you have proyed by your acts, since 1 have been with you, 1 practically, the truth of your expressions. Bur thened with a heavy debt on your Church, on my I arrival in the Colony, you laid before me a clear t statement of your allirs; you listened with pioqs I docility to the suggestionsolffered for its liquidation : t you not only listened, but cheerfully carried out v with one voice and one heart the plans proposed, and now, by your admirable zeal and liberality, J your Church is entirely free from debt. t Exclaim therefore with the Royal Psalmist.- r , Not unto us 0 Lord, not unto us, but to thy t 'name give glory." t You have set a noble example to your children I and to all around you 14sy you then reap a rich reward for your zeal for the "glory of God's house." And may He, who-died on the cross for your sal vation especially present your prayers when assep- bled therein to the throne of his eternal Father, and obtain for you, through his precious blood, all blessings requisite for you in this ' vale of tears,' and eternal life hereafter I I commend myself to your fervent prayers. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the chariiy of God, and the communications of the Holy Ghost Pe with you all.-pAmen. i Roaxra WILLIAM, Hobartonien. Hobart Town, vii. September, MDCCCXLVI. ADDRESS. lb Right 'Rev. Dr. Wilson, Bishop of Hobart S bown. Richmond, September 7, 1846. MY Loan,-We, the members of the Catholic congregation, Richmond, beg leave, ere your de parture from-this diocese, to approach you with the expression of our feelings of veneration for your character, and. of our attachment and love for your person. With many of us you have deigned, since your arrival, to be on terms of friendship, to-most of us you have frequently addressed words of comfort and enlcouragement, and all of us have been wit nesses of your untiring exertions to promote our temporal and etornal welfare. Deeply grateful indeed, do we feel for the many benefits we derived from your advice apd exhorta tions; but, when we fecal to mind the zeal, and the energy With which yon ministered to the convict portion of our brethrep, your strenuousendeavours to improve their t~mpqral interest and moral condition, your toilsme and perilous journles from station to station, eahorting them to cultivate habts of industry, and instructing them ' to live soberly and justly, and godly in thics world, looking for the blessed hope, and qoming of the glory of the great God, and our Savionr Jesus Christ,'-Titus ii. 12 13\. When we remember that your great charity ever carried you'beyond the line thlat strict duty marked out, in order to prove yourself a friend to the friendless stranger, a support to the helpless, and a comfort to the afflicted, we cannot but feel the deepest regret, and sorrow for even your tem porary departure from amongst us. Yet, when we reflect upon the wants of your extensive diocese, the greatness of the' harvest,' and the fewness of the '* labourers,' the increasing numbers of theCathglic children, and the want of schooly wherein to receive a pprely Catholic educa tion, oar sorrow is in some measure mitigated ; for we know that qny sacrifice, how greatsoever, must be endured for the welfare of religion, and thepro. motion of the interest of the Chlurch. We are comforted, also, with the hope of your Lordship's speedy return. During your absence we ihall look forward to that auspicious time with the fondest desire. And as, whilst amongst us, you have well merited our veneration, our attach ment, our gratitude, and our love ; so whilst absent, you shall have our- best wishes for your welfare, and our constant prayers shall be daily offered to the throne of Divine Grace, that Ha, who upheld St. Peter when he' walked upon the water,' (Matt. xiv. 20.) and preserved St. Paul when he ' thrice sullbred shipwreck,' (ii. Car. xt. 25) may directand guard you from all dangers, may vouchsafe you every comfort and happiness, and bestow his richest gifts, and pour down his choicest blessings upon you. REPLY. Tob the Catholics of Rlichmnod, greeting, health and benediction in outr Lord Jesus 'lhrist. The affectionate address which you forwarded to me by the hands of your venerated Pastor has filled my heart with consolation. Amidst many afflictions and tribulations, it is a source of indescribable comfort to find expresied In such beautiful terms, sentiments so cheering, so catholic, and so unequivocal. May the spirit of God rest on you. May you persevere in the " bond of union," avoiding strife and discord with all mon. May yout."seek first I Mie Kingdom of God, and his justice, and be 1 preserved from all dangers, splritua and temporal. 1 earnestly entreat, and commend myself to your fervent prayers. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.-(i. Cor. xvi. 23.) - 4 RODERT WILLIAIM, Hobartonien. Hobart Town, vii September, MDCCCXLVI. 