TPE GHOST OF COBBETT ANP " GENERAL ORDERS." If William Cobbett could rise, like Hamlet's ghost, from his grave, he would long for a few days on- earth again for the sake of the bon louche which the lat,e " General Order" jwould furnish him. Dearly did he love picking royal speeches to pieces, and like a gor- mand over his calipash would he dig his grammatical fork into the recent document of the Horse Guards. If ever there was a hasb worthy his digestive organs, it is this. What general orders may be generally, the public is not often called upon to decide ; but this g'efieral order in particular appears as though the writer had gone through a number of mental gymnastics, upon the principle of partially experiencing the after-din ner practice he was ordered to condemn. " The Commander-in-Chief- haying considered it his duty to order a court of inquiry to assemble, in order to inquire into the transactions which occurred in the 4th Dragoons on the 28th ' September last, desirous that the Teport of the court may be published in the general orders of the army," " The Comteander-in-Chief having considered it his ditty &c.;, then comes a full period. The sense (wd USe tkfe word for the want of a better) is, however, ccnrtiikted, nothwithst&nding; the abrupt halt. The commanding ofSicers are entreated to make their juniors behavd like good boys, and not play too soon after dinner : — " He entreats the commanding officers of regiments to draw the attention of the officers under their command, respectively, :tb the evil consequences resulting from the practice of gymnas tic exercises after the mess dinner. "The mess dinner of the officers of a yegiment cannot be deemed a private convivial meeting, considering the interest which has been manifested by the public authorities in pro- footing its comfort and respectability ; and considering that it is not lirtUSUa'lly attended by officers' and private gentlemen of Character, and respectable on account of their rank and station (whether profosSi'Ohal or sorial), or age, it is desirable that con duct or practices Should be avoided in which men of that descrip tion cannot take' part, and that nothing should pass which is indeed other-wish than usual in the societies of persons of that description, and, indeed, at all times, and under all circumstances gymna'Stic exeWUfes, wrestling and boxing by officers, and such . practices of youths in colleges and schools rather than of men en trusted With the command of sdldiers by commission of their Sovereign, should be discontinued, except strictly1 in private ; and that ho officer or gentleman should ever think of raising his hand against another." The- mess dinner cannot be considered a private con vivial party because public authorities feel a parental solicitude about it, and because gentlemen of character occasionally attend it. Private gentlemen of character, or gentlemen of private character, it appears, favor the mess with their cotfipany— aye, and respectable too " on account of their rank and station ( whether pro fessional or social J, df age." It is not enough to say simply' that civilians' are often the guests of the officers, but they ure described as private gentlemen of charac ter ahd respectability on account of their rank and station, Sc. The concluding part of the paragraph is unique, which says that " no gentleman or officer" — a complimentary distinction— " should raise his hand against another" — Quere, gentlemen, officer, or any individual. " The Commander-in-Chief has been informed that the prac tice of smoking, by the use of pipes, cigars, or foiie-roots, has be come prevalent among the- officers of the army, which is not only in itself a species of intoxication, occasioned by the fumes of to bacco, but undoubtedly occasions drinking and tippling by those who acquire the habit." What a -wonderful discovery of modern times that the practice of smoking is prevalent in the British army ! But bow much more astonishing is the fact that smoking is accomplished by means of pipes, cigars, or cheroots ! The ahnotatioh to the fact increases the m.erit of the discovery. " Smoking is not only in itself a spbeies of intoxication, hut," the learned commentator adds, " is occasioned by the fumes of tobacco and "un doubtedly occasions drinking and tippling" — beautiful distinction ! — ' by those who acquire the habit." Which means, smoking Is injurious to those who smoke. " He entreats officers commanding regiments to prevent smoking in the messrooms of their several regiments, and in the adjoining apartments, and to discourage the practice amongst officers of junior rank in their regiments." What are the adjoining apartments to the several regiments 1 Each field-officer is to perform the office of the Doctor to Sancho Panza, and directly a box of cigars appears, has to order it off the table. Surely, one page of Liudley Murray might have been opened for the sake of the last passage — only two lines ' " Lieutenant Kirwin is released from his arrest, and to re turn to the performance of his duty." , It is far from our intention to set forth this "General Order" as a subject of ridicule, but when grammar is so outraged, and common sense so diluted with un meaning sentences as in this specimen of the Horse Guards' composition, it is a fit subject for animadver sion, as the dignity of the service ought not to be in jured by the publication of such trash. There is one consolation, that the document will not be compre hended by any of our enemies. None but an English- - man can understand it. A foreigner who is conver sant with our language, will, we hope, mistake it for some other, and certainly no linguist could be found to translate it. We are thus tolerably safe from its being made the subject of ridicule by foreigners ; but every mess-room where British officers assemble, while they are ready to pay all deference to the high au thority of the mandate, cannot but feel a hearty con tempt for the underlings in office who hare permitted the orders of their Commander-in<-Chief to be sent forth to the world sans force, sans sense, sans gram-: map, sans everything. 