HIGHLY IMPORTANT N)EVVS FROM ENGLAND. (From the Sydney Morning Herald, June 4, 18-16 ) By the Rifleman, we received English papers to the 12th February. The news is most important, but the extracts from English journals which we have given, are so copious that we need occupy but very little s, ace with our summary. Sir R. Peel proposes to reduce the duty on corn, on the sliding scale prin- ciple for three years, when there is to be a fixed and ptrmauent duty of one shilling a quarter. The duty on Colonial grain is to be at once abolished. The debate on this proposal occupied the 9th and 10th February, and would probably last two nights more. There was little doubt that the measure would be carried, but should there r.ot be a fair working majority there would be an immediate dissolution of Parliament and an appeal to the country. Between S r Robert Peel's announce ment of his plan on the 28th January, and the introduction of the Corn Law Bill, on the 9th February, there was very little business done in Parliament. Mr. Hume had given notice of a motion for papers relative to the loss of the Cutaraejui. In America the war party were not so strong as they expected, as they were not able to carry a motion for giving England twelve months' notice that the United States would take possession of the Oregon country. An Older in Council, daled January 2, was issued declaring Newcastle, in New South Wales, a free warehousing prt. Thete bad been a great number of changes in the Ministry, although none in the Cabinet. Lord Lyltletou was Undersecretary of State for the Colonics, in place of Mr. G. W. Hope, M.P ; Mr. J. A. S. Wortley had been ap pointed Advocate-General ; Lord Lin coln had taken the appointment of Chief Secretary for Ireland, and been succeeded as First Commissioner of Wocds and Forests, by Lord Canning, whose appo ntment of Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, had been conferred on the Hon. G. A. Smythe. The Hon. Captain Rous bad been appointed a Lord of the Admiralty. Iu the Irish Law Officers there had been a regular move. Chief Justice Penne'atlier re tired on a pension, and was succeeded by Mr. B ackburne, the Master of the Rolls. Mr. T. B. C. Smith, the At torney General, was the new Master of the Rolls. Mr. Solicitor - General Greene of course obtained promotion, and Mr. Brews er succeeded him. By this arrangement .Mr. Smith's seat for Ripon became vacant, and it was ex pected that Mr. Gladstone would be come a candidate for it. The following extracts from the English papers will be iound particularly in teresting : — Dearth in Ireland. — The most im portant fact in the proceedings of Par liament last night, was the presenta tion of extracts from a report made by the government C itntnissioners of Inquiry into the failure of the Irish potato crop. It is dated from Dublin Castle, on the 20lli January ; and it will be seen from the subjoined sum mary, that the report suggests the ut most cause for alarm as to the extent and severity of (lie rapidly approach ing dearth in Ireland, and hints at a total inadequacy of resources to meet it. The extent of the evil to be pro vided for is thus stated. "It appears from undoubted authority, that of thirty-two coun ies in Ireland, not one lias escaped failure iu the potato crop ; of 130 pour-law unions, not one is ex empt: of 2,058 electoral divisions, above 1,400 are certainly reported as having suffered, and we have no cer tainly, until lite receipt of the more minute rctU'ns now in progress of com pletion, that the remaining GOO have altogether escaped." The difficulty of procuring relief by means of employing labour is the greater that the disease is not continuous in any one district, but that exceptions occur, thus causing a difference in the circumstances of per sons occupying the same locality. Great importance is attached hy the Com missioners to the existence of poor- houses. Tliey mention that these asy lums are not nearly full ; but their progress towards repletion must hu care fully noted as furnislii g an index to the state of the un on iu which they are situ ated. The ordinary expenditure of the Irish poor-houses for a year is about £"200,000 ; but the Commissioners do not consider that the relief which the exist ins houses are capable of affording will be at all sufficient to meet the an ticipated distress. As to the labour question, it als a is beset with difficulties. " In all cases of public distress it is ne cessary, as stated by the Committee of 1822, (May 16,) ' to prefer small local undertakings,' where emplopment in la bour is to be given, to those on a gieat scale. Works on a great scale have a tendency to invite an accumulation of numbers to a given spot, and probably to disappoint them.' That which is necessary on all such occasions is pecu liarly necrssary now." Sir John M'Neill estimates the distance to which the benefit of employment in pub'ic works extends at five miles only. On this branch of the relief question, the Commissioners " enteitain the greatest doubt whether any adjustment of pub!h works can be made to meet the need wherever it may occur ; and it must be met. or death font famine may be the result."— Spectator, February 7. In the house of commons on Friday, January 23, Mr. Ewart presented a petition from certain colonists tn Van Diemen's Land, praying for tho aboli tion of the present system of making that co'o iv a general receptacle for the transported convicts of this country ; in supporting the prayer of which the hon orable member stated that the peti tioners urged upon the consideration of the house, that at the period when they became settlers, every means had been adopted by the government to encourage them as free se'.tlers. That system had prevailed from the year 1824 to 1840, and during that period tl.e colony had rapidly advanced. The imports had va-tly increased, and the exports had risen to between £809,000 and £900,090, the chief item being wool. But in 1844 a change took place. Up to that year the convicts transported from this country were sent principally to New South Wales- A change was then made by the noble lord, the then secretary for the colonial department ; convicts were then sent to Van Diemen's Land, and the consequence was that the number of convicts in the colofly increased to the almost unexampled number of 14,000 in four years. In stead of increasing the number of the virtuous in the colony, the vicious were increased, un il they over powered them in numbers, and the petitioners addressed the house and the government, and prayed to be relieved. They begged the attention of the liou-e to the c rcumslance that they were ob liged to take, not only convicts from this country, but also from Canada, from India, and even from China. They fur ther complained, that for the watcliing, for the keeping up of the necessary sur veillance over_ this vast number of con- vims, the police had to be increased, and that police had to he supported by the colonists. They complained that, not withstanding that immense amount ol police force, it was insufficient to repress and keep in order the vicious po. illation, and that further taxation would be ne cessary to be established by government in order to give the petitioners the slightest chance of safety Crime had increased in the Island, and the circum stances were aggravated in consequence of the impossibility of finding employ ment fur the convicts. The petitioners lived in a constant state of apprehension and anxiety, and tliey could not look forward to the prospect of btinging up or leaving their children in such a place, where vice so predominated, without a vast increase of that anxiety. And it would be quite impossible that govern ment expenditure could supply the place of the trade and commerce which had declined. But there was one cir cumstance of a fearful character which called for the attention of the house. It was the sending of persons to the colony from Norfolk Island. If those persons were to be added to the depraved in Van Diemen's Land tlieie was no hope left for the virtuous colonists. Such was the dreadful state of the colony ; and the petitioners therefore prayed i hat tho number of convicts in the colony should be reduced, and that employment should he provided for those who were left there, in order that they might be en aided to support themselves, — .Morning Chronicle, January 24. The news of the lamentable wreck of the Catariqui had reached England, and caused a great sensation. It we are not misformed, the Rev. C. Wordsworth's resignation of the second mastership at Winchester College, which .the University Herald oflast week says it hears is on account of ill health, is really not unconnected with complaints which have been made of his attempting to confess the boys at Winchester school. — Church and State Gazette. Economical Doings in the Queen's House hold — A royul common I lias been com muuiuiueil through the medium of Colonel Howies, the Master of Her Majesty's household, for the infoi maiion of the eight ringers belonging to the parish church of New Windsor, to iheeTreei tliut the bells of the church tire nut in future to ring merry peals, as heretofore, upon the occasion of the following anniversaries Her Majesty's accession, Her Majesty's coronation, and the birthdays of the King of Hanover, the Duke ol Cambridge, the Duchess ol Gloucester, and the f'rincess Sophia, the uticks und aunisot the Queen. The ringers have been informed by Colonel Bowles that the two guineas whioli, upon each former occasion, have been paid to the ringers by sir Henry Wiieatley, the keeper of the I'rivy Pur-e, have been ordered to be paid no longer. (Mr Pond, the town gunner, lias also received a similar command respecting the discontinuance of royal snlu'cs upon the same anniversaries, it having been intimated lu him, at the same time, that the payment of the usual turn ol one guinea) upon each occasion, lias been commanded to be discontinued. 1 lie bells, however, ere to bu run", and the salutes tired, upon the same terms us formerly (two guineas fur the bell- ringing, ond one guinea for the salutes), agreeably to the instructions officially cumtcunicatci by the Muster of the Household upon tho following anniversaries reducing the cumber from fifteen to nine, to the great disappointment of the ringers nnd the town gunner; her Majesty's marriage, her Majesty's birthday, nnd the birthdays ol the following mem bers of t lie Royal family — the Queen Dnwngcr.tho Prince Consort, the Prince of Wules, tho Princess lloyal. Prinee Allrcd, the Princess Alice, nnd the Duchess of Kent. It is expected (the Duke of Cambridge being the High Sheriff of ih t borough) that the bells will be rung, nnd n Itoynl sa'utc fired, on the 24th instant, the birthday of his Royal Highness, at the expense of the corporation. A public subscription has also been spoken of, on the part of the inhabitants, to " keep up" the ringing and firing as formerly, upon each of the remaining five nnniversnries, in order tliat due honour should be done nt Windsor (as elsewhere) to these auspicious events — Weekly Dispatch. Military lute'.lig! nee. — Augmentation of the Army. — Many inconsistent slaetnents have "lately appeared in reference to the contemplated increase in the Army. It wus at one time affirmed that the rtqnest nl tile Commander in chief lor an addition ot 8,000 or 10,000 men hud not been acceded to, and the amount of increase would be at the utmost, 6,000. Things naw, however, have assumed a more serious aspect, and we subjoin the details of the additional force, which we are informed on authority that may be considered official, it is intended to enlist. The su'-jvet is one which his excited much interest and cariosity in military circles. The 6th, 8th, 24tli.32nd.37th, 59th. and j 69th,the regiments olfootatpre-cnthsvin- Bid men each will be increased to 1 ,200 each, thus givin-r a total addition to the line ol 3 088 ; the Royal Artillery will receive the additional strength of 700; the Royal Regimeot of Engineers, 300; the Royal Marines, 2.000 ; the regiments of Rifles, 1,000 each, 2.000 ; the depots of the following regiments, 1,000 each, viz, the 1st Re-iment the 7th. 14lb, 15th, 16th. I9;h,33rd, 31th,35th) 38th, 46tb. 48th, 52nd. 5 tth, 60th. 66. h, 7'2nd' 73rd. 77th. 79th. 8!sc. 95th, nnd 98. h, 4,600 Total for the Foot, 1 .-,689. The 60. It foot having two battalions, (lie addition will be confined to the second bnttelion. Sixteen regiments of cavalry will be increased four men per troop — 600. Thus giving a total for horse und foot, of 14,288. Weekly Dispatch. Dr. Pnsey's first Sermon since his Suspension.— Dr. Pusey preached on Sunday at Chri-tcliurch Cathedral, Oxford, for the first time since the cx- pityofhis two years suspension-. '1 he building was crowded to excess ; several members of the University, under the impulse of curiosity, came from London and other distant places. On en tering the church in presence of the assembled rongregnlion. Dr. Pusey odvant-ed with " grave aspect and downcast eyes;" on reaching the pul pit, he knelt on the floor of it, and continued in that position while the congregation sang the I47tb Psalm. On rising, the Doctor recited the Bidding Prayer and the Lord's Prayer, and then proceeded with his sermon ; the text for which was taken from St. John xx 21 — 23 — "Then said Je=us to them again, Peace be unto you ; as my Father liath sent me, even so send I you. And when he hail said this, he breathed on them, and said i.nto them. Receive ye the Holy Ghost: whosoever sins yc remit, they are remittid unto them; and whosoever sins ye retain, tliey are retained." The discourse formed a kind of sequel to the sermon which led to h a suspension. There was no retrac tation or qualification of the opinions which had drntvn down the censure of the University autho rities. He regarded his suspension as a punish ment for secret faults which God knew in h m. nnd from which, he trusted. Ho desired to cleanse I him. Dr. Pusey contended sturdily for the Ro- mi-h doctrine ol priestly power to forgive sins, nnd to punish the impenitent for the good of their souls He greatly approved ol confession ; and spoke hope'tilly of an approaching ' restoration." His proofs were chiefly token from the traditions! nnd writings of the Fathers nnd the ritual of the Church of England. The sermon occupied on j hour and a half ill the delivery. — Spectator Feb- rt u-v 7. Sir Hubert Peel's .V ensures —At n meeting of the I ow n Council o! Hull, held onTliursduy.it was resolved with only three dissentients : — "Tint this Council approves of the proposed alteration in the tariff excepting such parts of it as related io the pio rjction ol the fin il abolition of dury up -n corn (or three years ; ami that il is of opinion that the imiuu'iinte repeal of those duties would tend i to the good of the country generally, nod that this Cuuneil resolves that u | eiition to this effect he ' signed by the Mayor on behalf of tile council, (hat ! the rorpor.,ti'.in seal tie affixed to it, nnd (hat it he j 'cut to Sir John llemnv-rnnd Sir W. C, J-mes i for presentation " — Hull Pueket. I he Times stales that the exptcss hy which it ' was enabled to publish the Indian intelligence exc usivtly, on Thursday morning, was " due to the gratuitous nnd wholly unexpected kindness of the Austrian Government: — " 'I he mai's were brought from Bombay to Suez by the East India Company's steamer Victoria, und arrived nt the latter port ou the 19th January, 'i hev were then conveyed hy the ordinary means across the ; Desert, und readied Alexandria on the morning | ol the 22nd. 'I he Austrian steamer Imperulriee j was there in waiting, and departed nt noon ou j that day with our despatch for Trieste. She ar rive.! at Trieste, w here her mails were landed on fbursdny the 29th ; mill late tliut evening, the courier w ho carried our despatches nnd to whom we are indebted for most strenuous exertions in I our belt. >11, left Trieste en route lor Osteud. His : first point was Corlsruhe. whence he hoped to obtain a steam-boat down the Rhine to Bonn or Cologne ; hut so extensive was the inundation, I that no steamer c >ul<l lie prevailed on to under- I take the voyage ; und he was compelled to post onwards, encountering all the difficulties which flood, snow, nnd rain could interpose, until he reached the Belgian railroads By this means he reached Ustentl; nnd thence crossing to Lon on, succeeded, with tare intelligence, although nut speaking a word of English, in reaching our office without a moment's delay. He arrived nt six o'clock ; nnd had thus performed the journey front Trieste, under every imaginable disadvan tage, ill some hours less than six days. The whole litne occupied between Alexandria uml London is n little more than thirteen days,"— Spectator, Feb, 7. II hat will the League do in Parliament? — This question is thus uuswered in the t-c.tgue newspaper : — " Those members at the League who are also members ol the House of Commons will do nothing that can, directly or Indirectly, strengthen the hands of the monopolists — nothing that can impede or delay the passing of any legislative measure calculated to give greater free-lorn to commerce, ond to increase the remu nerative employment mid unexchangeable value of labour. 1 be Leaguers will take excellent care, so far us tliey are concerned, that the country shall be put in possession, on the earliest possible 'lay, of nt leHst that very large amount of com mercial freedom which is comprised vvithin tho scope of Sir Robert Reel's plun of commercial reform " 