I A Sporting Meeting-. " These are particular friends of ours, whose re- marks may be of great service, then np curtain, ami let us see what our painters have doue for us." .-i, FACTS AND'FARCIES. SCEKK-At the " Dird lu Hand"-Richmond Road -The Blue Parlour-Bottled Beer-Gin and Brandy Nobblers-Pipes-Negrohead and Mrs. Raffles' best Cigars-lu clouds of genuine baccy smoke around the long table, sits Brown, Hig . ginston, James Biulkin, Dunne, Marsden, Joe Holmes, Cox, with many other friends and at- tendants. BELL'L LIFE IN SVDNET under dis- cussion. Chairman-Mr. Dunne. Dunne.-Pave red this here ghost letter, (pub- lished in Bell's Life, 28th Feb. last,) and I dare say what is said may be all right. As for the ould un, lie's as fresh as a>- new pulled carrot, and I thinks that altho' my " baccer grinders" be'ant as sound as Jorrick's legs be, still I'll be able to griud it ont of thc mare Marsden (rising, and somewhat annoyed),-! suppose thea, Dunne, that you means my mare Blue Bounett. 1 dont o' mean to square her tail this year, that you may have a little more to hold on by ! ! !-and, and, and I'm blessed then, I'll bet glasses round for the present company, that I'm FIRST, and pin ST at AVindsor. (The most spirited betting followed, and Mars- den drinks off his nobbler to master and Blue Bennett.) Old Brown (lighting his pipe).-Well, George Marsden, I like to see that, as how your master is one of the right sort ; and what's the use of bounc- ing it ? When old Jorricks (here Brown became suddenly and affectingly agitated) was Under my bauds, and Jemmy Higginson knew lt too, I would lick Blue Bonnett into shreds, and send her back to the best milliner to get right again; but what thinks you all of little Stoney Batter, as I calls em?-I seed him foaled-the little brown horse " Why not," now called Cyanne. or some such name, I'll bet twenty nobblers, that he isn't last in " The Jorrick Sweepstakes," which 1 hear is sure to fill. Joe Holmes (.a little oblivious).-I, I, I should like-like to, to, to ri-(hiccup)-ride him--? Paddy Gill.-And would you now, Joey ? Hub bubboo, boderatlon, bad luck to the knot of ye, ye dirty spalpeens, it's I myself that will ride him. You wouldn't hold Wm with them frog-skinny legs of yours-- fr Sam.-Dont insult a poor fellow -yon know in distress ! ! I wish some young man would sing a song. I hates Bounce, for Bounce is got by Bubble Scheme ont of Cross Match, and runs at murder, robber, and all manners of crime ! Dnnne.-Come, Sam, spit it out old chap ; for you bo " The ladies' dalling." You know " Young Bodkin was a tailor bold, And his love he did unfold To cruel Molly Jenkins. He soon began to curse his lot, . For Blacksmith Bob her heart had got, ; Who struck the iron while it was hot, And'rnarried Molly Jenkins." ' Hurrah! hurrah! Sam! capital good Dunne.-Come, Mr. Joe B-dk-D¿ give us some UT choice. Joe;-" My wife she is a wonder quite Which you will plainly soe ; Her name at length I cannot write, But call her Mrs. B-. Others may be very good, But this 'twixt yon and me Two names have never fairer stood . Than that of Mrs.,B Bravo! capital ! hurra! hear, hear: hurra!! Baleolm.-They say3 thàt i'drawed" Foig-a ballah" too fine to run Iiis match against " Oily Gammon-" I should like to hear " Reasons for losing a Race." There can bo only one winner and when the favorite gets tied up, he is then "amiss," or the trainer is blamed. Holmes.-Running the wrong side of a post will make it safe!-but I, I, I (hie, hie. hie), bl-bl (hie), I won't now. ' , Joe.--Here's reasons for not winning a race ! The wrong side of a post at starting I Eh ; but why didn't yer add, and not attempt to get your osses head straight til old Jorricks had got two dis- tances in front; then making all your running yon could np the hill, pumping the wind out of Lottery! Yes, it was making it SATE against his ebonee of a prize. Dunne.-Why, Joseph, that's a bit of a-pun, \- Or my name is not Dunne I Joe.-Well ! here's your health-(drinks off ¿ia stxtb. nobbler)-and now for reasons for not win- ning aiace. 1st-Hod yer made play along the flat instead o/ waiting, you would have won. 2nd.-Hod Dnnne not challenged at the top of the hill, making my colt break away, it would have been a nearer thinj. .ard,-Had ray stirrup-leather oat bean brokeu apon that hard-píflling 'osse, I mn« hara won, 4th,--That osse too was too flesby( aud his wind was clean obt of him half a mile from home, of Blue Bonnett wouldn't have had it so easily. He onght to have had more work. Oth.-Had I the whip-hand running np (he dis- tances my osse wouldu't have swerved, spite of the extra Tibs. I carried. Otb.-Had Quy Hye, I mean the Bnngarabee osse( not have slipped and fell just before coming to the Stewards'-box, be would have waa lost year at Homebush. 7th.*=And I says, Holmes, if that osse hadn't a had a backet of Irater, dont yer think he would have been in a better place, eh ? I hare given now seven reasons for not winning, and I could add another or two if necessary. Howromever I have never yet seed a osse lose a race bat the jockey or trainer can and do gives a reason for not winning. I thinks there is luak, end that Luck (for I likes to give a pedigree) is got by Honesty, dam Perseverance ont of Sobriety ; and the duty of a jockey to his master is to win, and not do more than win. Holf-a-neck is as good as a'mile ! Harra ! hurra ! hurra ! Dunne.-Well done, Joe-honest Joe, I mean j and now I should like to know what's to become af as jockies, if this Flying Steam Machine starts 7 Joe;-Why, grin, hold hard, and sit still. There will be no lifting, setting too,.hustling, whipping* crossing, or short weight then, I'll warrant. Cox.-Well/ then I'm blessed if I rides Ilia machine-osee unless I pats an a hard and sharp " my word" on it / but how ls it bred 7 Joe.-" Bred/' did you say ? dot. by Science out of Experiment, g. d, Speculation crut of the old Lottery Mare« to be sure. Cox.-Blow " my word/*' then she is as well bred as Blue Bonnet. Old Brown.-I reads the Penny Magazine, arid there you'll fiud out how she " is a trained," as 1 did tlie ould osse Jorricks. They keeps her head straight, and lets off the steam, and a good double rein bridle, with a high post, can't stop her going; a-head--doing her mile sometimes, I hear, itt el minute; but, 1 minute and 00 seconds is ftfsl enough to please me. Joe.-Here then I drains my nobbler dry, hop- ing it Will all end in " smeke;" and as lt's time to give the nage a brush over, we will shut up as soon os Marsden gives us his song. He has got Blue Bonnet, so he can sing to the tnne of " Bonnet» of Blue," in honor of St. Patrick't Day. Marsden's Song: " Hurrah for au Irish stew, Hurrah for an Irish stew ; It's season'd so fine, and it's flavor's divine, Hurrah for an Irish stew. It's good with pepper and salt, It's good with potatoes a few. There's nought cnn equal in this grubbiug world An elegant Irish stew. Hurrah for an Irish stew, It's season'd so flue, and it's flavor's divine. Hurrah for an Irish stew. If you'd ask a young lover to dine, And have him prove kind unto you, To make love come out of hts beautiful mouth, You should stuff it with Irish stew. Here's a health to Paddy and brew. Here a health to old Brown, good luck in brief, Success to his Irish stew. Then hurrah for an Irish stew, It's 8eason'dso Gae, and it's /favor's divine, Och, good luck, Sam, to your Irish stew." EXEUNT OMNES.-Hurrahing like young devils; and disturbing the peace and quietness of Your's, ¿cc. &c;, SAM CHIFFNEY, SEX. St. Patrick's Day, ,17th, March, 1840. .. 