LUNATIC ASYLUMS. No. V. To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. Gentlemen,-The probability of a perfect cure in all cases of insanity is so great when places at an early stage of seizure under rational and suitable modes of treatment, when not arising from positive disorganisation of the brain ; and their general amelioration under all circumstances by due attention and management is a matter of such certainty, that if I were founding an hospital for these helpless beings at my own discretion, with the com- mand of sufficient funds, and among a people who remembered the lunatic was still a human being, I would erect a little republic some- what after the model of the Elysium of Homer and Virgin, but furnished with the tangible and substantial elements of a terrene paradise. I have already proposed to your readers the skeleton of an abode adapted for the reception of persons afflicted with all forms of insanity. I will now just furnish the idea of pleasure grounds, which, according to my notions of the subject, are best suited to the grand object ever to be kept in view,-the care, comfort, and happiness of the patients. One principle should guide both the orna- mental and useful arrangements of these grounds, namely, the exclusive benefit of those for whom the institution was designed. If the place is made for them, it ought to be adapted in the best manner possible, and on the most liberal scale of expenditure, for their general welfare. No narrow policy, therefore, should swamp my energies, thwart my will, or deprive me of the power to restore the lost empire of the human mind. A niggardly economy and an unfounded belief, resting on ignorance and idleness, that the insane are, for the most part, incurable, have gone hand in hand till very late years, to render the mad more made, to drive the weak-minded into actual insanity, and sink thousands and tens of thousands into hopeless fatuity. All parts of my grounds, which it is neces- sary first to disribute into compartments per- fectly distinct from each other, according to the classes, should be laid out on the most liberal and magnificent scale, both in size and orna- ments ; and everything should be so disposed as to present to the wayward fancies of my pa- tients, the idea of beauty and order with- out the appearance of design, to awaken their passive emotions by the useful and striking objects placed before them and around them. Objects of sublimity and grandeur, or of simple beauty, and of natural grouping, fre- quently seen by the glimmerings of reason which still linger about the most aberrant minds, draw them by imperceptible de- grees at first to make slight observations on the nature of the things before them ; the object being to accustom the mind of the in- sane to sentiments and emotions as oppo- site as possible to the hallucinations which characterize their insanity. Nothing there- fore is likely to operate successfully and healthily upon its actions as the contem- plations of beautiful and correct models of works of art, towers, temples, and palaces, perfect and in ruins, or landscape of varied views and scenery, mountain and lake, grove and meadow, gardens and farms in all states of cultivation, some bespangled with flowers, some delighting the eye and the soul with their verdant riches, and others loaded with the golden beauties and treasures of autumn. By the continual contemplation of objects of this description their ideas will begin to assume order, and their judgment accuracy at the ex- pense of their mental error ; and out of a chaos of thought will arise chains of regular se- quences ; harmony and order will take place of wild confusion, and a correct view of the rela- tion of material substances will succeed to illusion and erroneous judgment. At first, however, every thing should be avoided which might conduce to long and perplexing combi- nations of thought and distraction, in the in- cipient efforts to reason and compare. In a word, to accomplish the great purposes of restoring the intellectual and phyiscal health, and correcting erroneous preposessions, the patient himself must be led to detect the hallucinations of his own brain. His attention should be constantly occupied with subjects of rapture and delight and interest, to induce him to withdraw his thoughts from dwelling on his illusions. Every step he takes, therefore, should develop new and ravishing scenes, cal- culated to captivate his eye and rivet his atten- tion, and thereby influence the operations of his mind ; and every action he is made to per- form, whether for exercise, labour, amuse- ment, as well as every object placed before him, should conspire to this paramount end. I would scatter around him, as it were, in ac- cidental profusion, a pleasing variety of natural and artificial attractions, whose ever changing features, by interesting the eye, would force themselves upon his attention, and this once riveted to particular subjects is half the vic- tory. No doubt these matters would only ex- cite the most simple and superficial degree of inquiry at first : but in time a more profound investigation into the relations of such things as lie in their path would follow ; and finally, when there is a sane mind ready to watch and direct them at the happy moment, they would begin to trace effects to their causes, and causes to their effects, reasoning from the various common material objects scattered around them, or soaring up to the exact and speculative sciences, accord- ing to their previous habits, tastes, and educa- tion. Moral treatment is everything with the maniac : and instead of eighty or ninety per cent. of incurable imbeciles, useless to them- selves and to society, which I greatly fear is too near the average in our hospitals and pri- sons, I have not the smallest doubt that by moral management, with unlimited and unre stricted liberality, prudence, patience, and hu- manity, ninety per cent, of all lunatics pre- sented for treatment on these terms, and as early after seizure as possible, would be re- turned home useful ornaments to their fami- lies and to society, and evidences of the power and goodness of God through the humbla in- strumentality of man. That nothing might be wanting to promote the interests of my republic and of my ulti- mate views, I would make nature, and art, and science, all conspire to the same important end. I would adorn the spaces destined for re- creation and amusement with groves of um- brageous trees of various foliage, and diversify the scene by placing here and there the ruin of a temple, the arch of an aqueduct falling to decay, or an old "ivy mantled tower," on whose top " the moping owl should to the moon complain." These should be classic models. Great and unexpected relief has fre- quently occured to disordered health from inconsiderable causes ; and I would fain be- lieve that the spire of the " hallowed fane," rising modestly above the trees, and seen at different points of view, would excite the most peaceful and soothing reflections in the tumul- tuous soul of the maniac-the reminiscences of childhood and innocence and happiness ! What hallowed and joyous recollections do these words recall ! How inseparably and sweetly are these three earliest conditions of human life united like the graces, each heightening the beauty of the other ! They glow in the memory until it has lost every other record of its own existence ; and they are ever found emblazoned in high relief upon the spire of "the decent church that tops the neighbour- ing hill :" even when time has trodden over the longest term of human existence, and thrown oblivion over every step he has im- pressed, or when the ravages of disease have done for the mind what time has done for its temple, one look at this hallowed memorial recalls in all the freshness of yesterday, the hours of peace, of childhood, and hap- piness spent under its shadow, and pours calming and peace-bestowing thoughts equally over the ruins of intellect and the wreck of time. Is not the very name of the village spire a memento, a living symbol, a tongue for ever promising peace and happiness and eternal respite to the feverish and fitful dreams that torment and madden all the chil- dren of Adam- that falsify and misinterpret the high purposes of our terrestrial sojourn ? Is not a false conception of life the dream alike of the sane and insane ? Wherein do they differ but in the false and more false judgment of things-the gloom or the gorgeousness of the colouring? Seldom do the shackles of interest, of pride, of ambition, of envy, permit the soul to walk forth and act and judge in the freedom of its own majesty ! But the vil- lage church and village spire, the familiar, yes, the beloved village spire, the companion, and overlooker of our youth and innocence and happiness, those golden portals of our life, and often the only portions of it to which we can look back without fear or remorse, towers up like a tall ghost among the monuments of generations, who have " fumed arid fretted their hour upon the stage," breaks into frag- ments the airy fabric erected by the passions and the errors of the mad and the sober, and reconstructs them upon a foundation of reali- ties. It speaks " as if an angel spoke ;" and in- nocence, peace, and happiness of mind, whether we retrace the reminiscences of the past, or anticipate them by living for the future, are the hourly homilies preached by the village spire. Let the village spire then act its part, and pour its calming and peaceful influence over the troubled minds of the insane. I should map tho whole of the lawns and pleasure-grounds with devious walks which should always conduct to fresh views and sub- jects of contemplation : they should be wind- ing and tortuous as a snake, but never starting off with angular turnings or intersections, nor mar the pleasure by abrupt terminations which constantly grate upon the senses, and in the case of mania would tend to diminish the sin- gular influence which the beauty of external order and arrangement exerts over the tumult of a maniac's soul. The groves should some- times lengthen out into avenues, over-shadow- ing and following the fantastic windings of the paths, and sometimes expand into flowery glades and distant landscapes of earth and sea ; and there should be glassy brooks meandering from place to place over rough and pebbly bottoms to calm the passions by their soothing murmur, or excite thoughts of happiness and content : and to vary the effect for different tastes, there should be a few cataracts of miniature but pleasing dimen- sions to break the sameness and relieve the eye, and perhaps through that organ to influence and regulate the disordered operations of the mind. There should be a constant succession of fresh but well chosen subjects of attraction. I would form shallow lakes, starred with fairy islands, full of fruit-bearing trees and odorifer- ous plants, whose scent should load the air and carry gratification to the senses, delight to the mind, and health to the body of my patients. The lakes and brooks should be stored with a variety of wholesome fishes : for nothing can be more beneficial to the body or refreshing to the convalescent brain of the unhappy maniac than the pastime of angling. The whole scene indeed should be a pleasing mixture of gardens and groves, with here and there an architectural ruin, or entire model of some chaste design ; flowery banks and parterres, bedecked with all manner of useful and ornamental plants and herbs, all differing in their seasons of ma- turity and blossoming. The healthful study of botany, gardening, farming, and em- ployment in various active trades and out of door labour generally, are a means admirably adapted to the important end of dis- sípatíng the morbid illusions of the insane, by inuring the mind to habits of analysing, combining, arranging, and comparing, which these studies and occupations would induce, assisted by the health and vigour they would bestow on the body. Small but perfect model farms and gardens, are indispensable depart- ments of a lunatic institution. Instruments of general philosophy also should not be wanting; as noble sources of amusement, and as likely as any other recreation to aid in rectifying mental error, by inducing observations on tho rela- tions of things, and gradually awakening their dormant faculties to the elements of causation. Perplexity, however, should be strictly avoided in every pursuit to which their attentions are directed. There should be a clear and dis- tinct object and aim in all they are called to do, and they should be taught to continue in one pursuit until some part or the whole of their aim is attained, there should be no gloomy and interminable backgrounds to their prospects or their hopes, to occasion anxiety, or increase the error and waywardness of their judgments; and nothing in the way of distracting meta- physical studies , should be proposed to them, nothing, indeed, but such subjects of en- quiry as are real and tangible, and in some way attractive and intelligible to their under- standing. I have but one word more on this division of my self-imposed task, and that word is a wish that the happy time were come when I could see added to this scene one other object, and that the most gratifying and delightful of all the ornaments with which I have yet adorned my Elysium. I wish, with the most unfeigned earnestness, to sec it replenished with a crowd of living and moving statues, all hastening through the various graded of convalescence to a complete recovery of that which alone can con- vert the brutish animated clay into the most glorious and perfect images of all the works of God. Let no one think lightly of these views. Let no one imagine that my republic is a mere Utopia, or like Plato's, the impracticle theory of an old man's brain. The time will come when the cure, not the imprisonment, of the maniac, even here in New South Wales, will be the policy of the statesman and the duty of the physician-when the astounding results of humane and correct systems of moral and physical treatment, founded on a deep study and close acquaintance with those psycholo- gical deviations which distinguish the diversely disordered from the well regulated mind, shall make common sense and natural justice to triumph over prejudice, inhumanity, and a niggard economy-and when the certainty of cure shall be the rule, and the solitary failure the exception. Yours, &c.; IATPOS. Sydney, July 12. 