rT-TTUrT-fW ^^nr^IW^?M^^^^^^WPmrT1^ WI'-' ? t^rTTTWrirWVrt ttlT PUSEYISM-. OR THE OXFORD TRAC- TARIAN SCHOOL. (From thc Edinburgh Review.) (Concluded front our last ) Whether it be not impious to suppose that God has pledged himself to impart, by inevitable necessity, the gift of the " Holy Ghost" lo an unholy man-merely on tho performance of external rights, ami to quali- fy him for tho performance of the functions of a purely moral institute, though still morally unlit? Wo can understand, it may be said, how, hy the overruling Providence of God. a bad man preaching the truth may do some good, if the hearer (a rare ease) has both sense and honesty to separate truth from lum who propounds it. But if he be ignorant nf the truth, and preach " pernicious error," (as thousands so ordainod havo done), we cannot conceive how his preaching can have the effect of truth, simply because he is "commissioned," Yet this, no less an authority than Mr. Melville asserts, in language aa plain ns the doctrine itself is mystical.* In like manner, if it bo supposed that thc sacraments are only external Bigns of affect- ing ami momentous truths, and that the benefit derived from them still depends on the moral and spiritual dispositions of the recipient, wo can understand that they may bo beneficial, even when ho who administers them may be a ball man. In both the above cases, however, ns the effect is a moral ono. that effect will be proportinnably diminished by tho conviction of the worthlessness of the officiating priest. This necessarily results from tim laws of our moral nature. It is impossible to get the generality of men to revere that which their teachers practically despise ; to obey precepts rather than imi- tate examples. As all history shows, it is impossible lung to maintain religion whon the priest is himself irreligious. But that, by a divinely ordained necessity, somo pre- ternatural efficacy, itself certified by no evi- dence either of sense or consciousness, is conveyed through the minister merely became he luis been episcopally ordained, (however wicked or worthies» ho may be), and which is withheld when that ordination is wanting, (however worthy nnd holy he may ba) who cun really believe? Nothing but tho most express revelation, or tho most undeniable effects, could titlest it. And both the one and the other the advocates of the dogma are avowedly unable to indicate. At those, and all other arguments, tho supporter nf the doctrine only shakes his head in awful warning, proclaims his horror of '* rationalistic" presumption, and asserts, that by implicit faith alone can it be re- ce i voil. In this we believe him. But is it, cati it he true, that Christians will be content to receive these strange con- clusions ? Aro they willing lo sacrifice even charity itself to an absurdity? Powerful as are thc arguments on all hands agaitiBt this paradox, none is so powerful with ns as this. The advocates of the Oxford system, when they are destitute of arguments, (which may be represented as their ordinary condition), aro fond of appealing' to our moral feelings; if wo do not know, they tell us that wo may feel the truth of a certain conclusion. Without being, we trust, in tho same mise- rable destitution of argument, wo would fearlessly adopt their course on the present occasion. Wo feel that if there were no- thing else to say, there is no proposition in Mathematics moro certain, than that a dogma which consigns the Lutheran, the Scottish, and indeed tho whole reformed Non-Episco- pal clergy to contempt, however holy, and which necessarily authorises tho claims of every Episcopal priest, however unholy must be utterly alien from tho spirit of thc institute of the New Testament. 2\. Equally extravagant are tho notions entertained by this School rm the subject of tho Sacraments. With them, they are not simply expressive rites, symbolical of religi- ous doctrines, and capable of awakening religious emotion through the medium of the senses and the imagination;--they aro themselves the medici of a " supernatural trace,"-ex elusively com mun icated, however, through the Episcopally-ordained minister. This supernatural influence is supposed to bo conveyed, in every case, in which secret infidelity or open vico offers no obstruction on the part of the subject of the rite. It is supposed to be actually conveyed, there- fore, in every case of infant baptism (tho subject there being incapable of offering any obstruction), and to involve that stupendous and mysterious change called in Scripture .. regeneration ;" nm) which surely ought to imply, it wi consider either the meaning of the terni, nr thc nature of the institute, a moral revolution equivalent to an absolute subjection of tho law of Christianity. In tho eucharist it is supposed that infidelity or unworthiness in the recipient may obstruct tho " preternatural grace," which, neverthe- less is, as it were, flowing tho priest, and permeating tho elements. Such a state of mind may operate as a sort of non-conductor to the ethereal and subtle influence. Mean- time, it ii most strange, that this " preter- natural grace," which is represented as so scrupulous, has no objection to reside with the priest, and act in and by him, even though he should be morally ten thousand times worse than those to vtliom the rile is administered ! The doctrine of " baptismal regeneration" is indeed held by many men who are far from approving of the Oxford movement. With the peculiar, yet, we must be permitted to think, consistent audacity of the new School have carried it out tn its utmost extravagance. lt probably will not be injustice to the ge- nerality of the disciples of this School (though they do not conceal that there are some differences), if we further state that their sentiments on the subject of the Sacra- ments ore pretty generally represented by those of Dr. Pusey and Mr. Newman. The former contends that not only is the dread mysterious change called *' regeneration" effected in every case of baptism rightly ad- ministered; but that there is no certain hope of the pardon of fin wilfully committed after it ¡f nuil that lio who lia* once so sinned must live in perpetual and trembling doubt nf bis final safety. If so. one would think, that as Scripture assuredly has no express command on tho suhjoct, these men would bo disposed to postpone tho rite of baptism to a late period ; instead of administering it to those who as yet have no sins to repent of, and leaving them to sin, as they assu- redly must) with tho knowledge that tho only plenary antidote was improvidently wasted before they were permitted to have a voice in the matter. One cannot wonder that if this doctrine be true, thousands in the much admired Church of the age of Chrysostom and Ambrose, should have thrif- tily put off the performance of this wonder- working rite to the very last extremity. Only think of tho system. A child is bap- tised when a few days old ; he commits a mortal sin (soy) when he is sixteen years of age; he lives to ninety; and with the New Testament and its numberless promises in his hand ho is to spend nearly eighty years in perplexity and anguish, and die in doubt at last, though truly penitent, devout, nnd consistent, because somebody applied the baptismal water before he had any voice in the proceeding. But, further, as all have committed sin after baptism, all are in tho same predicament, and can entertain but a trembling hope of heaven ! Can Christian men and women hclievo this hideous system to belong to tho Gospel ? Tho difficulties of this subject have con- strained Dr. Pusey to mako the convenient Romish distinction between venial ami mortal sins ; although in the case of those who have committed " mortal" sin after baptism, he bas not been able to hit upon a method half so sure and satisfactory as the '? penances and indulgences" of Rome. In fact. Dr. Pusey does not see his way clear to any remedy. The doubt and the anguish are part of '* tho bitterness of ancient medi- cine." Again, with their peculiar views of tho exclusive prerogatives of tho episcopally ordained Priest, they deny tho validity of all baptism but their own ; and in defiance of the law of their own Church, and of decency, charity and common sense, often refuse to inter un infant who has not passed under their own patent process of regeneration. The consequence is, that they throw doubt (and many of them do not scruple to avow it) on tho final state of myriads of unbap- tized infants.-f- Whether they are, as some of tho Fathers believed, neither happy nor miserablo-consigned to a state of joyless apathy, or condemned to eternal suffering wu are all, it seem, in the dark. Wo may hope the best, but that is all the comfort that can be given us. To a Christian, con- templating this world of sorrow, it has ever been one of tho most delightful sources of consolation, that tba decree which involved even infancy in the sentence of death, has converted a great part of the primeval curso into a blessing and has peopled heaven with myriads of immortals, who, after one brief pang of unremembered sorrow, have laid down for ever the burdens of humanity, ft has been thc dear belief of the Christian mother, that the provisions of the great spiritual economy aro extending to the infant whom she brought forth in sorrow, and whom she committed to tho dust with a sorrow still deeper ; that he will assuredly welcome her to the gates of Paradise, arrayed in celestial beauty, and radiant with a cherub's smile. But all theso gloriously I sustaining hopes must bo overcast in order to keep the mystical power of " regenera- tion" exclusively in the hands of the Epis- copal Clergy. All charity, all decency, all humanity, as well as common sense, are to be outraged, rather than the power of con- ferring some inconceivable " nonentity" should bc abandoned. As to tho Eucharist; if tho doctrine of the Oxford School, especially according to the latest " development," bo nnylhing less mysterious or more intelligible than the Romish doctrine of Transubstantiation, we confess we cannot perceive it. That there is some great ineffable change wrought by the formulas of consecration, wc are ex- pressly told, but what, is not explained! On the alleged mysterious efficacy attend- ing the administration of thc Sacrament at the hand of-tho privileged priesthood, (what their personal character is, it appears, little matters,) similar observations may be made as upon the mysterious " gift" handed down in ordination from hand to hand? What is it? ls it anything which can be distinguished from a nonentity-seeing that it is not cognizable by sense, consciousness, or experience ? Take baptismal regenera- tion, for example. What is imparted-what effected ? If any change he produced, it surely ought to be stupendous, in order to justify the application of such a term ; and it sorely ought to be moral, for moral ex- cellence is the design of the whole institute. Yet we look in vain for any such effects, or rather for any effects at all. Millions of the infants thus annually regenerated, pre- sent in all respects just the very same qualities- physical and moral-with those who have not been subjected to the process. Visibly do the grow up, neither wiser, nor holier, nor better than the less fortunate infant who has been subjected to the una- vailing baptism of the Presbyterian minister, or to no baptism at all. Here an amazing spiritual revolution, to describe which metaphor and hyperbole are exhausted, is supposed to be effected, which yet leaves absolutely no traces behind it- whether physical or moral. Nothing less than om- nipotence is introduced to effect that, ol which, when effected, wo have not the slightest evidence that it lias been effected ! liv acting faith on the aid of the ministry, they are instructed and nourished, though, iv THU MAIV, the given lessons be FALSEHOOD, and the proffered sustenance little better than FOISON. f TIic Church, " has no second baptism to give, and so she cannot pronounce him (who sins after baptism) altogether free from his past sins. There are but twa periods of absolute cleansing, baptism and thc doy of judgment."-Letter to thc Bishop of Oxford, p. 1)3, 4th edition.) If, " after having been wa-hed once for nil In Christ's blood wc again sin, there is no more such complete absolution in this life-no restoration to thc same undisturbed security in which God had hy baptism placed us,-(See also Tract No. SO, p. .ld.) . " What is thc distinction between thc lesser and greater, venial and mortal sins ? or if mortal sins bc " sins ngainst thc Decalogue," as St; Au- gustine says, are they only the highest degrees of those sins, or nre they the lower also ? This question, as it is a very distressing one, I would gladly answer if I could or dared, lint its with re- gard to the sin ngainst the Holy Ghost, so here also, Scripture is silent. I certainly, much ns I have laboured, have not yet been nble to decide anything. Perhaps lt is therefore concealed, lest man's nnxicty to hohl onward to thc avoiding of all sin should wax cold. Hut now, since thc degree of venial iniquity [what is venial iniquity?] if persevered in, is unknown, ilie cngcrncss to make progress by more instnnt continuation in prayer is quickened, and thc carefulness to make holy friends af thc lmimtuan af unrighteousness is nut despised.-(Pusey, cited by M'llvninc. Sec also Letter to thc ilishop af Oxford, p. Uh edition. f" Hut I will rather suggest thc consideration of thc vastness of the power clnimctl hy the Church-a power which places it almost on a level with Clod himself-thc power of forgiving sins by wiping them out in baptism-of transferring souls from Hell to Heaven, without admitting a doubt of it, ns when " baptized infinis," it is snit!, " dying before they commit actual sin, nre undoubtedly saved."-Sewell's Christian Morals, p. 27-1. t See Mr. Newman on Art XXVIII., Number Ninety. "As regards the Holy Communion," says even Mr. Gladstone, " our Church...... does not feel that thc solemn words of thc holy institution of the Eucharist arc adequately, that is scripturally, represented by any explanation which resolves them IÍIÍVJ mere fguro; and shu fears lest the faithful bc tints defrauded of their consolation, and of their spiritual food."-Gladstone's Church Principles, p. lol. Again-"There is no one passage in the New Testament which alludes to thc Eucharist at all, which is otherwise than most nnttirally consistent (to say thc lenst) with thc ¡dca of its mysterious and miraculous character."-British Critic, July, lSI2,p. 73. Again-" What is the meaning of the popular phrase, ' the nge of miracles ?' Is there all thc difference, or indeed, nnytbing more than thc dilfcrence between things seen mid unseen, (a difference worth nothing in faith's estimate) between healing the sick and converting thc soul-ruising luau's natural hotly and raising him in baptism from thc death of sin ! Is thc wonder wrought nt the murringo of Cann n miracle, and the change which thc holy elements undergo, as consecrated by the priest, and received by the faithful, no miracle simply because the one was perceptible to the natural eye, while thc other is discerned by thc spiritual alone!"-British Critic vol. xxvii. pp. 259, 200. This transcends all. Vc always thought that thc very essence of a miracle consisted in its ap- pealing to the senses of those in whose presence it is wrought. " It M wrought in their presence," virtually says this writer, " and is ns wonderful n miracle as raising thc dead, only you cannot sec it-a difference worth nothing in faith's estimate." l'or similar doctrine see Tract 8ä, p. UÜ. 