[?] [?] [?] think that Governments are only to be valued as they conduce to the welfare of the governed, and that in any instance where this is not the ease, \- the sooner it is replaced the better. It is absurd y. to say, that this Colony is not now suited to a : change in its system of goVcrnincnt, whatever might have been the contrary in former years. Representation by election, for instance. Have we not tw'o hundred and soventy magistrates, out of so small a free community, men supposed to be possessed of wealth and intelligence? Sure ly this fact alone will silence all objections as to tlio Colony not being ripe enough for free Insti tutions. Look round tlio world, Sir, and sec if there is so small a number of people, so kindly cared for by judicial authority. Although the rank of Magistrate is easily conferred, costing, as it docs, nothing to the bestower, still it is not fair .... to think it is given without due consideration for the state of society generally. However, I will pass on to observe, that I was much concerned to find by your paper, that our free population is decreasing with a rapidity unexampled in auy other Colony. The reasons, and consequences, need not bo pointed out ; tliey come home to the feelingp and interests of every man. In looking at the estimates, I find under the Roads Department, a charge of £1 309, 8s. for one quarter, or for the year £3237, 12s. Are the Colonists to pav this but of the Colonial revenue ? Is it fair that this sum of money should be ex pended upon any particular road, by the mere A order of the government, if the Colonists have the charge 'extracted from their local funds? Surely a sort of Road Committee ought to have an equal power with the government in such a matter, in order to prevent favouritism and par- £ tiality. si There is a charge of L.954, 14s. 7d. for the $ quarter's expense in the Colonial architect's de partment, making L.331G annually. Is this ex pense for the Colonial architect and his staff ? The Port Officer, with his staff, costs the Colo ny L.6000 per annum, llow are all these cxtra- vagancies to be provided for? I am certain that the commerce of the Colony will not warrant such an enormous number of hangers-on. The i palmy days of war salaries, are gone bye, and a rigid economical reform in every department must be immediately commenced, not amongst the small fry, but with the higher branches of the various "Departments. The Lieutenant Go vernor must himself set the example. He must act, in order to save the Colony, but not in the manner he has acted with the grants. Then Ilis Excellency must have been indulging in a wak ing dream of mischief, or slumbering upon the tlmughts of his legal right to do a moral wrong, whilst supported by his advisers, by the pillars of his administration, his Attorney "and Solicitor Generals. I bad almost omitted to notice another item in the Estimates, "namely, the Two hundred pounds \- per annum paid In/ the Colon y to Mr. William Gunn. Can you tell me why the Colonists are made to pay this fifty pounds per quarter? Then again there "is L.100 to Captain Booth for a house. Why, may I ask, does not that gentleman live at the Orphan Schools, or find his own residence out of his large salary? Lastly, 1 ask, why is L. 1700 for immigration purposes charged in the quarterly abstracts to the general revenue, and not to the land fund ? As respects the destruction of the grants espe cially, I hope you will do your duty in continu ing to agitate the question ; and I am equally astonished with yourself, that vour paper alone should endeavour to excite public attention to a vi hi 11 it itnnnrhmt. tiinll. Veritas. . Launceston, March 12, 184G. With reference to the above Letter, we need not say much. In the first place, however, we 4 cannot help being surprised at one passage. " Veritas" says, " I now begin to think that governments arc only to be valued, as they conduce to the welfare of the governed, and, that in any instance, where this is not the case, the sooner it is replaced the better." Surely " Veritas " had arrived at this order of think ing when he was first capable of rational re flection. AY hat are 'governments for, if not for the good of the governed? The people were not made by, or for governments, but governments were adopted, and permitted'to be, by the people. State-craft, and Priest-craft, and Law-craft, have done much to smother this order of thinking on the subject, but neither the state scaffold, the church anathema, nor the legal, as they are called, cx-oflicio informations, will ever again succeed in crushing men's thoughts. It is quite evident thatAreritas can think, and also express bis opinions ; that lie should now only, have begun to think Govcrn- i . incuts a curse rather than a blessing, if they do not act in furtherance of the general interests, i is impossible. We know him better, and, that it was only a dread of being charged with radi- calisin which induced him to introduce this gentle prelude to the expression of his opinions. AVilh reference to the inferences which may be fairly drawn from tlio number of Magis trates, as respects nn Elective Assembly, they are unanswerable, unless it be that 'such a number is necessary to keep the prisoner po pulation in order. If so, the argument will cut two ways, and the latter, we think, the ad mirers of tlio large jail system, would consider " the unkindest cut of all." Vcritasncxt "asks if ; the Colonists are to pay more than £500 a year for the Road Department ? Of course they are, must not the staff be supported ? Havo wo not the blessings of good roads, and streets, and do wo not sco gentlemen riding about, and enjoying themselves at home, and abroad? Gentlemen who condescend to speak occasionally when they arc spoken to, and, under such circumstances, ought any -man whoso chaise is upset in the road, or who is crippled for life by walking over an unprotected precipice, to complain? Unreasonable man, why should he ? Ilavo we not the satisfac tion of paying about two thousand a year foir the superintendence of two hundred men, and' , is this nothing to be grateful for ? Besides, do L not the generals, and the Inspector Generals, and all other-Generals, condescend to receive their salaries ? " Veritas" ought to be grateful, > and; say nothing. The second query, that ; relative to the Colonial Architect, we will en quire about, and report upon, and also, as to I the Port Office. We ngrccc with Veritas, that the palmy days of war salaries arc passed, although we do not exactly think the term " war salaries " consistent, because, whether in peace, or in war, a Clerk in Aran piemen's Land, gets as much pay as an old Captain holding the Queen's Commission, and one of his superiors, (a General of course,) receives as much, as a General Officer, or an old Commo dore, who havo been for half a century up holding at the hazard of their lives, the safety, and honour of their country. AVo agree with " Veritas" entirely, that " the small fry '' ought not to be touched. It was a lamentable sight fo sec, that jolly port wine and olives looking man, the Colonial Secretary, (whose very countenance is a bur lesque upon a poor law commissioner,) at the Council table, talking about the great reduc tions in the estimates, of the cutting up one messenger, and the cutting out of another, of the saving in this, or in that Department, by the reduction of a whole Clerk, (not half a one) — at once, and that thus, by reducing the estimates by four messengers, three clerks, and eighteen shillings, and seven pence stationery, lie had effected a saving to the Colony of actually as much, as would pay his own salary, for one day. AArondcrful man!!! AVe think tmSrc cannot bo a greater treat to the lovers of torn fooleries (apart from all their practical, lamentable realities,) than to hear this Gentle man, our present Colonial Secretary in Council, sympathizing with the free people in their distress, and advising them to bear up as he does against all adversity, and, " not to lay down, and die in a ditch." Believing as we do, His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor's ri sible faculties to be easily excited, it is not un likely that, instead of the night-mare, ho often bad during the last sittings of the Council, a laughing dream. Imagine the ghost of his Secretary looking in upon him en dishabille with his white night cap on, and, in an implor ing voice asking Sir Eardlcy to bear up under bis four thousand a year, and " not to lay down and die in a ditch." But, we are wandering from Veritas, let us drive away the ghost, draw the curtain, and return to him ; leave His Excellency to repose we cannot, because our Correspondent asks something about Mr. AVilliam Gunn, which it is difficult to answer, and there is an inquiry about Captain Booth's bouse, another muquito buzzing about. — Veritas must un derstand, that when Sir Eardlcy AA'ilmott ar rived here, he found an order of discipline en forced at Port Arthur, which lie thought, likely to lead men to desperation. AVithout going into particulars lie found that a change of some kind was desirable, and Mr. Champ was appointed to succeed Captain Booth 5 for whom however, it was considered necessary to provide a situation. That Military Officer had done his duty faithfully and diligently, and, bis constant attention to bis Jail duties, bad v ' rjld. ' 's_ dis charge linn dpprpvidcd for was im possible, find therefore,' (but strange to say,) from being the Superintendent of the vilest set of scound rels under the sun, a sort of Siberian Governor, lie was transmogrified into a Superintendent of Orphan Schools, a mere nominal appoint ment of course, but it answered the purpose of the Government, in. providing him a salary. \Yc take this opportunity of publicly exprcs1- sing what we have often thought, that Capttlin Booth was exactly in his place when at Port Arthur, for, when 011 leaving lie received a piece of plate as as a testimonial of good feel ing toward him, from the Civil Establishment of the Bastille, in returning thanks, lie said, that he should look back with pleasure to the time he had served, and been associated with them, at that Settlement. There is no ac counting for taste in some matters certainly, but for a British Officer to look back to Port Arthur, with pleasurable recollections of any kind, is to us "unspeakably" wonderful. AA'c read of Tcleinachus having gone to the infer nal regions to look for his lost Father, but, we do not learn, that he ever expressed the least inclination to repeat the visit, or, that he looked back to it with any particular satisfac tion ; but, as we said before, there is no ac counting for taste. Any further comment upon the letter of Veritas, we must defer for another opportu nity, merely observing that in our opinion, steps ought to be immediately taken relative to the power exercised, and again about to be exercised by His Excellency tlio Lieutenant Governor relative to grant deeds. 