LOCAL. LEOISIATIVE COUNCIL.-The proceedings on Monday nusunlly interesting, several leading members of the bar k "ina been examined as to the effect in this colony of intro ¿in« »he Statute of James as applicable to titles to land. M cb error and confusion ha.« existed in the public mind upon Mi subject; but many gentlemen who heard evidence upon l point before Hie Council, and had previously desired the i troduction of the Act, left the Council with their opinions * THE REVENUE.-In consequence, we presume, of the ', .¿imitate of the revenue, and the surplus, announced by sir Eardley-Wifmot on the 30th June last, the Colonial Secre ,lated that His Excellency had borrowed 6000t more, 6 per cent., to meet the payments which had become due I ^e,"ni amount now borrowed is only 38.0001. 1 The inter rtonwhich amounts to 3,5307. per annum! This is independent *f the sums advanced by the Commissariat, PROSSER'S PLAINS CHURCH.-The foundation-stone of this Church was laid on Wednesday last, the 12th instant, . Ihe Venerable Archdeacon Marriott, attended by the Itev. J, P. Gell and the Rev. P. H. Cox. The Archdeacon was received at the site by . considerable number of the inhabitants and neighbours and the children of the parish school. The ¡a was mo« propitious for the event, but the effect of the late rains upon the roads and rivers prevented many distant well wishers of the work from being present. The proper office appointed for this diocese was used on this occasion, the clergy and people joining. After the 100th Psalm had been sung, suitable Scripture sentences were read by the Archdeacon, with a preliminary exhortation. This was followed by a short Litany. The stone «as then offered in behalf of the donors by J. Forster, Esq , Police Magistrate of the district, and the Blessing of the Almighty implored on the undertaking and all concerned in it. While the preparations were being made for placing tne stone, the following form of words was pro- nounced : « Forasmuch as Almighty Ood accepted tlie purpose of His serrant« «Dowd n»d Solomon, to build His Temple at Jerusalem, itml noUnni? « douMinp tut that Ho favourably allow etli tins charitable desien of «our» to build a House to His Glory, we therefore, on behalf ol His «Church and people, lay this stone of a Cliuich, to bear the name of «St John the Baptist, lo the solo honour and glory ol the Holy, Eternal »anil undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. « Amen. ' Part of the 118th l'salm was then sung, and the stone deposited with the following inscription : That GOD may »i this place he glorifiai, and the prayeis nndviaisri ofthe Faithful continually ojfered, until CumsT ¡hall come again, tim. stone it in»! by Fttzheibcrt Adams Marriott, Aichdeacon of Jlobait lonn, to be the foundation (\fkoauitt) ofa dimch,uhich\hatl beat the nome and commemoiate the mimili v of Saint John, the Maptut and Vrtachei of Repentance, on the Eve qfuhoie Festival tlw guan y lünnce ti it hain wts opened. This ceremony performed was succeeded by thanksgiving nnd an appropriate address by the Archdeacon. In reference to Ihe absence of the Bishop, the rev. gentleman assured his hearers that, though absent in person, his heart was r.¡iii them ; that his anxious wish had been to take a part in this day's w ork. But they were all anare that important services for the welfare of his Church had called the Bishop from his diocese before these preparations could be matured. The style of the in- tended building is that of an English village Church of the 14th century, the purest age of Gothic architecture. The site ¡swell chosen, being central with regard to the town of Buck- land, and (rom its elevated position, commanding the neigh- bourhood round for a considerable distance. The school-house idjoininc is rapidly approaching completion, and will combine to form another and most important feature in this newly formed parish. PHESMTERIAN MEETING.-We have been unable to givea full report of this meeting, from our inability to obtain a copy of the petition, without which some of the allusions of the speakers would be unintelligible. THE "CALCUTTA."-The Standard of the 24th April, reports the Calcutta off Portsmouth, with papers from Hobart Town to Gth January. MIMTABY.-We are gratified to learn that there exists a probability that Lieut. Col. Ryan and Captain Tew, of the MIA regiment, who were reported as killed in the battle of the Sobraon, have survived that glorious engagement. Col. ' Anderson, of the 50th, in a letter to the Sydney Morning Herald, mentions his having received a letter, written on the 25th February, fifteen doys after the battle, and then both efficera were alive, though severely wounded_Launceston Adtertiser, August 17. 