I A. SHORT ADVICE TO MOTHERS, ON THE MANAGEMENT OF CHILDKN. By Martin Bramble We wish it to he understood that the following , brief but important remarks are addressed to mothers only, or those who have reasonable ex- pectations of becoming so. The experience of nearly half a century, and the education of our ! first fourteen little Brambles, who might now have surrounded the parental board, had they not, long ' ago, departed this life, in defiance of our superior mode of treatment and education, enables us to speak with authority on this interesting subject. Never nurse your children if you can help it; such a practice is quite unfashionable, and, con- sequently, must be injurious to both mother and child. Mothers ought to commence the physical educa tion of their children at a very early period. Every attempt must be made to improve upon nature, which, if left to itself, might result in coarse, robust forms, tia-aortliy the offspring of unfashionable mothers. Tight lacing must be re sorted to us an excellent corrective, .of unseemly plumpness in infants. it has now become nothing uncommon for some unthinking medical men to decry this beneficial system as injurious to health. I "ill" to all eich ".illy i -mo i uraii von mud piv II no ait'.'ntioil. f But'ery-j a":i; .nV.HiiuV.if: it';/, h; ,u I :kit"w k-'ttej:. idi.tut ruiih tiiiagj, tlvap. .tfiy lyau.b.u' o'd wivcj in hroee.'ieu. Vt'heufver tie1 infi'il cfi/ s or i-.-iks jn!--r ti.a 1 1 I usual; llies" .ar-Vlitfaliihle' .sighs that r.T.yJieiiie'i.;' j rikj'ttired. Da nut srru'jJW' tr ailtninisfor ' . | abati'Lin-'e, au;l for a!! |i:ii'(nfnr.,'(;':':tck 1 (i.'s.-r',' : 'lie high-.'.;! lectiViimeoifatinnV'' Tifeia''.ii'i' '"' c'i;t!v. aud thcr'q'orc gi'slfan-l.a'Eor.Hly the mus', r ' pav/i-r/ul iti "operation. "Many' children migliv' hi vp layn cured by tl» why .nit (lave hitherto died who dctotbcO thith "la.";;- tint they were. all post movery'.'bcforii'it was m'.-! ' : .niiniftlereil. ', ' " ' ' ' ' ft ' \ , When the understanding of the, child begins to develope, instruct its young, mind to form a proper estimate of " papa" by always abusing him in its presence. Be sure that it hears every curtain lecture, and that nothing be omitted whereby papa's character may be thoroughly known and despised. If papa wishes on any oc- casion to chastise your child, interfere to prevent his cruelty. This will be very useful to your child in maturer years, and unquestionably will be a capital preventative of that fear of and obe- dience to paternal authority, so destructive to everything like a high and proper spirit in the young. It is the duty of every affectionate mother to frighten her child by threatening to deliver them into the power of some hobgoblin or d___, for disobedience. Tell them all the pretty and inte- resting stories you can, of ghosts and apparitions witches and warlocks, brownies and bogles, kelpies and fairies of naughty boys and girls being carried off by the 'bad man' and torn to pieces, and devoured in some lonely church yard: This is good and wholesome education, and will scarcely ever be forgotten. Such information is more easily instilled into the infant mind, and likelier to be longer retained, than what are called the higher principles of piety and morality. It is possible that there are individuals to be found who _ may cond-mn what we 'have said as absufd an I- : : dangerous. To nil such we reply, -Have- yoit'"1' eduentixl fuuiteyn iufants ? ' ' ; Wlacn ; at..tneiab, cliikHrcii otiglit (fi. lje tought.fi , put tlifteirl, hands .to ctuiil dish. uud.hindlu every.' article within their rixieli. To, yefiiSo,. WhatevW ' food. -may, hot ftpfcajeft-lhem is scarcely a secondary' ,' , considemtiori,. Evciy.tliing , they .cry fqr sltoul l , j , be reaililv granted; it willgiv/s tlyim ponfiitcije'.' in t!ioms< lives, and enable you to boast, witlj some- \ thing likr truth,, t'vit vou have great troable in bringing up your family, , Yun will be- sure, or you are more fort- mats . . than other women, to dwell besidu neighbours -. with: numerous faults and fallings.: You will bo often required, in the course of your life, to make - many remarks, |riinful; no doubt, to you, tlie rardess manqer tliut Mrs, So- oni-iva drcsoo ; > leiM' Mr. Thinirnmy's nose is getting redder every it vy. nivl tliat Miis-what-d'ye-coll-her is no belter than sl« sIhxiM bo Always m »lco such kind-aiid c- lily ing reR-ctiuus in tin? hearing of your family. Tliey will serve to destroy 'any foiV-lm-ss for i sraiidal tlmt may lurk in their diap > :itioi»s, and ' dis|Misf their m'n-L to think their neighbours' ' Ih-tter than' themselves. As often ns possjbb', let y'o'ir little girls llt-n tn tlie praises of th-ir Ix-auty from your parental V lipt. Study, to nuke them believe that they ate ' handsomer thin .all! other .girls. ,- Teach tliem to'- ' h- foul of drei, bY , always spixiking of its ft elmrms. and telitlicm never to wear anything but , what becomes -their, hatidsomc fornis and : ' tittle faccsft ' This "advice, If xk&Uwl;' upon, witt'bo1. ' sure to make your daughters very fine,, liuiqbl.e. and modest young women, the btdoved of every . eve 'that- can ychturo toft gaze uponic luatrc o..' tlicir.charmiil ft ' . ' " ' , . Animate a proud and gallant sprit in your. , boys.ft Encourage tliem to ImlLy their sist-rs.an l brat and ill- use all the chiidren'of tlie neighbour- .- hood. Treat tiicm, if pp-iible, to.an o«c!i,siotvtl , coek-figliting or boU-bsiting spocucle. Shoal I . , that -be.'imprac.icable, instruct them in the art o ' , kitten iWvning aud ily maiming, assuring ili-tii , that insects, birds, and beasts, have been mode lor the amusement of the little -innoienU, .Never .- force tKcir incliimtiou toward school learning. . , l. t their minds exist buoyant anil free. Let the,u > enter the grcil w/rld wath uabrokau, tmeonqu.-rvA . spirits. . . - m. :i Ferfprin yixir duty according 1 1 tfiess instrne- ' lions, anil it will go haril but jo iicof your family, - if tii -y live, will be so good and so much rcspect-vj- ' by their country, th'it tliey will be-sent ort, at tho ' public exiM-me.'t, mcn'l the ways of th? naughty - p;t)ple in Botany Bay.' Oi Tii'idiv evening a desperate attempt nt murder w.is niftide by a corporal of the 73rd regi ment, on a soldier of the same yurpi, at, preictit stitiomsi iti this garrison. The corporal, whose .. irinie is Bu.-liih.in, a native of Siiitland, hid bee'ii pi i oil umler "arrest for ahvuvc from dot/. As is usual in cases wftvrca non-eo piniisioivsl o'Tu-er is a ileliiviu-uit, th- «rty is bnjy conliiK-1 to his room, not sent to the gitird-ho'ise a'p.'iv.lt?3 ari-. Buchanait, it appears, beeaaie annoyed at being reporbaf, ami. brooding iwer the imagined in- j jurv, d-.'t -rmineil to liiivc revenge. He accord ingly, about " tattw/' hnur# lu;i:|d bis gun, wl e.i rhc sergeants of the i orp';. were, about to mu iter < i preparatory to calling ov,-r the rdll, and wjitli til? ft ; intnit, ai is suppnseil, of "eit'.icr shooting. one of ,'. ' tlw Serjeants or the serji-.int-iuajor of the rcgi- . m-ait, lie fired, when unfortunately the shot .took j e.ii-ct on a private n;i;ned Frisby, then p trading . j for picquct, wounding him in the hip. Thcauf- ! f Ter was instantly reniuyid to the. jreghnental j hospital, and Hucltuian Mas placed in close cuu- I II lemenL Tlie occurrence created the gri-atcst j sensation in tlie barracks, Frisby b-'ng a young ft soldier not more than tu-elve months in tlie regi- | meiit... YVednesday, au investigation was held in' i the barracks, Colonel ;Bnrton, of tlie Royal Ma- i rines, acting lis president, for the purpose of iiisiituting the .necessary inquiries, hut the pro- . loadings were privale. Buchauan, tlie party charged with tlie. uei, hail been sergeant ill tlie regiment, and owing to some irregularity of con duct was htelv reduced to the rank of corporal,, , aud to intoxication is attributed tho commission of the fi-arful outrage. Wtxlnesday, about five o'clock, Frisby, fru.n the eilk-Ls of the wound, . breathed Lis but, to the regret of. his brother soldiers. Previous to his.dcath,-Mr. Percy, with t Mr. Andrew Spearing, J. P.,tittcnded on him, and. his stiiteiue|it was, tliat lie could not tell who fired, at hi in, and that no ill-will existed between liini , and Bnclvauaii. An inquest is to he lu-ld-un Tliursday. - Frisby wis an Englishman, and only, twenty years of age. — Cork Constitution. „ ...... | Bills Pwadlr. — One beautiful' summer morning, ns two biion companions; .tavll knowu- in GLisgoiv, were piloting each other home, after rather a ttdioussidcruni at.the cold: ptuicli, one of them, M'hose attention' wis attraetid by tho early melody of the larks; stopped short, and turn-, ing his face uiiwards, thus apoairophiied tlie airy warblers of the sky : " Ay, you're singing, are ye:'— my faith; ye may w'eel stag, j e 'ban' tiftio' "bills to. piy.B: . " Hunt, tout, Gcordie," ftxid hi3 i 1 companion, " you'ro wr.ang thf re. the hrks, poor I things; hi.-'th-ir bills, ta'proviti / for at M't-.-lftui o'.ir-.»l'r!" - , ..ft. 