SPECTATOR'S LIBRARY. THE EVE OF BATTLE. 'Twas midnight, on St. Andrew's eve, The stafs were shining ehilly down On Narva's o)d beleagured town, . Where glittering in their wintry ray 1 he mighty Russian's army lay. Long, long, at tale of that fell fray, The haughty Muscovite shall grieve ; Long, long, the Russian maid shall tear The ringlets of her golden hair, And Russian matron weep their fall Who sleep by Narva's gory wall. To-night, upon that frozen plain, Their thousand banners gaily fly, And sword and buckler give again The lustre of that starry sky. To- morrow, and their blood shall dew The White snow with a redder hew, While the Boy Swede triumphant waves His banner o'er ten thousand graves. The Czar's pavillion stands alone, Some twenty spaces from the camp ; No light within of torch or lamp, Only the flickering embers lent A twilight radiance to the tent, On helm, and spear, on buckler shone, And there an ancient Cossack sate, And there a Councellor of state, And there the wondrous Chief who planned To civilize a barbarous land. The high of soul, yet wild of heart, Who bade the generous light of art Throughout his mighty realm be known, And tamed all natures but his own. In musing mood he silent sits, And quaffs the half- drained cup by fits, Or marks the fire-wood wave and die. Sudden, before the Monarch's eye, The lofty tent grew dark and dim, And 'twixt the entrance-way and him There rose a savage form and grim, With swarthy brow and scatter'd hair, His body wrapt in Swedish vest, And a Turkish sabre at his breast, His foot unshod and ankle bare ; And the glance of his eye was stony and chill As the beams that play on a frozen rill. The red blood left the Monarch's cheek, And thrice he rose and strove to speak, And thrice did his faltering accents die Beneath the spectre's glassy eye. If all the snow on Russia's plains Melted in one ice draught had been, And poured that instant through his veins He had not felt so cold, I ween, As when that form, or man, or sprite, Lifted a finger long and white, And slowly beckon'd him away, He would have given his throne to stay ; But such a spell was in that glance He dared not pause, but must advance. Forth from the imperial tent they hied, The monarch and his ghostly guide ; Behind the Czar, before the ghost, There's not a sentry at his post ; There's not a sign or sound of war. Only the banners drowsily wave. Inly muttered the furious Czar, And he ground his teeth for very spite,— " Beshrew the heart of each sleeping knave ! I'll chop off their heads with the morning light." Still on and on the spectre speeds, The monarch following where he leads; Through the silent camp they go, And he leaves no foot-print on the snow, But onward he goes, and no word lets fall, Straight to the city's hostile wall. He made no sign, and he spoke no name, But the drawbridge fell as he onward came, And in the unwilling monarch went ; He's far from all that fear or love him, Within a hostile battlement, And Sweden's banner waves above him. Still rapidly on doth the spectre glide, There's-not a soul in the silent streets, Save the guards that stand on either side, As still as ghosts in their winding-sheets. Thus on they sped for one weary hour, Till they paused by an ancient chapel tower ; And there, there rose on the M onarch's ear Mingled voices of mirth and fear: For there came a roar from each rocky grave, Like the far-off voice of the Bosnian wave ; And each old pillar and antique rafter Rang with wild shouts of savage laughter. The trembling Emperor felt'his sword, But he had forgotten to buckle it on, And he strove to speak his 'larum word, But his tongue was as stiff as a ridge of stone ; The hairs were bristling on his head, When the pavement yawned beneath their tread, And a glim of lurid light came forth, Like the meteor fires that dance in the north. Into the gulf stepped the spectral Elf, And the Emperor followed in spite of himself. Lound and more loud grew the frantic din, And wondrous the scene he saw within, By the red fire light, by the torches' glare, There were thirty figures standing there: Each -was clad, like his ghostly guide, In garment rough, of the wild. wolfe's bide, Savageofmein, and ghastly all, And they seemed to the Czar to be playing at ball ; Thirty figures, and all the same, With terrible voice, and with noiseless tread, They hurried on with their wondrous game, And each ball that they played was a Sovereign's head. There was William of England, with princely crown, And they played with him against Louis of France, And the Pope and the Prussian were rolling down, With many a lubberly German crown.' The Austrian Emperor's head did ring Right against that of the Spanish King ; The Saxon was dashed against the Pole, And the Dane and the Dutchman did rapidly roll. The grand Signior was flung here and there, And the warrior Charles, with his martial air. Said one of the drummers, " Much we need A ball to play against Charles the Swede." Quoth another spectre, "We only wait For the head of the Emperor Peter the Great." The silent guide, with a ghastly grin, Raised his finger long and thin, He raised bis hand, and pointed right At the Imperial Muscovite. Intantly, with a wild halloo, The thirty drew each a scimitar, Aside their reeking balls they threw, And furiously rush'd on the trembling Czar. It's ill to deal with a desperate man, Hotly the Muscovite's high blood ran, Strongly he seized and down he threw The first that sprang of that savage crew ; Another came on and to earth is roll'd, When loudly called that Cossack old, " Awaken, awaken, Imperial Sir, Your Highness has tumbled me into the fire !" Louder yet the Minister said, " Awaken, your Majesty's broken my head!" Up starts the Czar, right well content To find him in his own good tent, His own broad banner waving o'er him, And the Cossack and Counsellor lying before him. 