WOMAN'S LOVE. , A\ him man is waxing frail, And his hand is thin and weak, And his lips are parched and pale A ml wan and white his cheek ; Oh, then both woman prove Her constancy and love 1 Sho bitten by his chair, . And holds his feeble hand She watchuth ever there, y'r His wants to understand ; of His yet unspoken will of Sho li Listener li to fulfil. - j£ She leads him, when tycoon Is bright o'er dale and hill, And all things, save the time Of the honey season, are still, into the garden bowers, To sit amid" herbs and flowers. ' And whawbe goes not there, " * 'forecast on breath and bloom, a gji^briiigs the posy rare and Into his darkened room ; And 'neath his weary head The pillow smooth (cloth spread. < Until the hour when death His lamp of life 'doth dim, She never wearies, . She never leaves him j , Still near him night and day, She meets his eye alway. And when his trials o'er, And the turf is on his breast. Deep in her bosom's core Lie son ows unexpired ; Her tours, has sighs, are weak Her settled grief to speak. And though there may arise Bulra for her spirit's pain, And though her quiet eyes May sometimes smile again ; Still, still, she must regret, I She never can forget I > a -~-? THE discussions called forth by recent events, as to the general power and special privileges of the Bishop of Tasmania, as well as to his recognised and presumed legal position, are sufficiently conclusive indications of the interest felt by large sections of the community in regard to these questions. They may also be considered as marking the existence of a feeling of uncertainty even in the minds of his most determined supporters, as to the extent of the powers and privileges they claim for him. For we have seen nothing in the shape of argument of any value adduced in support of the large powers asserted to be possessed by him. Large assertions are easily made, and from the constitution of our common minds, their frequent repetition invests them with so I much plausibility and appearance of truth, that to question or deny them is often considered as a denial of established fact and large assertions have been abundantly, or rather profusely, made use of. The question, however, as to the derivation of the powers and privileges claimed for him is perpetually recurring and until that question is fully met, the very existence of any such powers may fairly be disputed. That any general powers, in reference to the comma nity at large, or any privileges affecting civil rights, are possessed by Bishop Nixon, of greater magnitude, or of a nature differ- ing , from those possessed by the chief or governing body of any other of our recognised religious communities, is a proposition we feel assured a slight investigation would at once and for ever disprove and nullify and that it has ever been maintained, even by Bishop Nixon himself, can only be imputed to prejudices arising from early impressions and associations, and perhaps to " the wish being father to the thought." The proposition is not however to be slightly a passed over, last what is left unquestioned should be considered unquestionable, from which, in time, would result consequences as injurious to the general interests, as if the powers and privileges claimed had in reality any existence. We shall therefore proceed to examine shortly into the real and actual position held by Dr. Nixon, as Bishop of Tasmania, from which it will appear, we do not hesitate to state, that he possesses no powers-no privileges-no authority nostátus-interfering with- beyond-above 'or different from the powers, privileges, authority, and status, of the governing body of any one of the religious communities, societies, or churches in the colony. In his hands, as bishop, the government and discipline of the clergy of the Episcopal churches in Van Diemen's Land are placed. In Dr. Willson's, the government and discipline of the Roman Catholic clergy are placed. By the Presbytery of Van Diemen's Land the same functions are exercised as regards the Presbyterian clergy and the several governing bodies of the Wesleyans and Independents possess exactly similar and equivalent powers and privileges, as to ministers : of their respective denominations. How- ever great the difference of those bodies may be on points of faith, and even in man person. practice, they all concur in this 'abattoirs is a necessity for a governing authority; under whatever name, or how. ever constituted, may be that, authority. And in whatever individuals or body that authority may rest,- according to the constitution and maxims of each religious body, such] individuals or body stand to their own communion and to the public in the same relation as does the Bishop of Tasmania to his communion and to the public ' Acting , within their^ç^.iafJtlimit's, Bishop Nixon and his Ecclesiastical compesrs possess equal and co-ordinate powers; jurisdiction,' and privileges as to which there needs not be, as there ought not to be, an, interference or, collision. These limits extend to, but do not overpass? the boundary line of their respective communions. As regards these communions, their Ecclesiastical superiors possess constitutional power and authority, varying in intensity and mode of operation, according to the views entertained by each of the theory of a Christian church, and the maxims founded upon, or legitimately derived from this ultimate standard of reference. But, though thus varying, the power and authority of each is in itself, in reference to that standard, perfect and complete. Arrogant ds the correctness of these several views, the examination we are engaged in does not call upon us, nor require us, to enter. It is sufficient to show, that in each of the religious communities existing among us there exists an individual or a body invested, according to the maxims and constitution of that body, with a power and with privileges, in reference to that community, equivalent to those legitimately possessed by the Bishop of Tasmania, and that these powers can be, and are exercised without interference with that functionary, or with any other of those co-ordinate functionaries and father, which cannot be so interfered with, without an express depar ture from, and violation of the principles upon'whioh'each is founded, and a direct embodiment of the spirit of persecution. Mñatters not from what source the power «¿''existing in the various Ecclesiastical superiors flows. Each, according to their various systems, possesses it legitimately and in each there is consequently this mark and test of equality and each, if called upon, will refer to the ultimate source of all power in the Church, through whatever medium, they may maintain they derive that power. The question of the legitimacy of the medium forms no element of the present enquiry. That question rests with the supporters of the several schemes of Church government and so far as a civil community is concerned, the merits of their dis- cordant views have no influence, inasmuch as the existence and organization of a civil community are not affected by the decision arrived at as to their several views. The civil voice can only give utterance to what affects civil existence and organization. The church may therefore exist, and has existed, irrespective of, and independent of the civil sanction and as a consequence, the individuals, officers, or body, exercising the government of the church, may exist, and have existed, without connection with, and independent of the civil sanction, and without power or privilege flowing from such sanction, and yet may possess all the fullness of power necessary for the due fulfilment of their functions, and inherent in them, according to the constitution of the church in their estimation, and the system of church government maintained by them, as that founded on truth. The Bishop of Tasmania may thus possess, and does possess, all the necessary and essential powers of Ecclesiastical superior and ruler in his own section of the church, irrespective of any civil sanction, from the very position he holds of bishop of that section of the church, maintaining peculiar views ; but beyond the power and rule thus limited, he possesses no power, privilege, or prerogative, either inherent in his position, or recognised by the state. To elucidate this view, it is only necessary to refer to the condition of the church in the primitive ages, as acknowledged by himself and by his adherents, without entering upon the controversial topics as to their correct ness. For upwards of three centuries, the Christian church, so far from being supported or recognised by the civil power, was in a state of persecution, and yet the office-bearers of the church were in possession of, and exercised, all the essential powers of government and discipline. During that long period they neither possessed nor asserted a claim to civil jurisdiction, although the violence of state persecution did not prevent them from exercising the essential functions of their office, as office-bearers of the church. The right to exercise these functions was not derived from the civil power, nor could the civil power weaken or restrain it. But that power was limited by the extent of the religious communities over which they were office-bearers, and to the individuals of which these communities consisted, and not over the general body of citizens. Their position was particular, not general-and their powers and functions were limited accordingly. They neverthe- less possessed all the inherent and essential powers and prerogatives of office-bearers of the church. The measure of policy by which Constantine invested the bishops of the, church with civil powers, conferred merely a factitious distinction and position, by which they were invested with a civil character, of which they might be deprived without interfering with or affecting their spiritual position as bishops. Their investiture with civil power and jurisdiction added nothing to their essential and inherent prerogative, and their deprivation of it, could abstract nothing but what had been conferred. The spiritual and ecclesiastical position of a bishop, taking the word in its original and strict meaning, is thus altogether independent of civil distinction, civil eminence, or civil prerogative, even when he is acknowledged by the civil power as possessed of full and legitimate authority as bishop of the communion to which he belongs. The spiritual and ecclesiastical power possessed by bishops in the original Church, and which alone was inherent in them in their character of bishops, flowed from a source distinct and different from the source from which bishops in after times derived the extraordinary temporal power and privilege, and was independent of that power, or even of their recognition by the State. and such is the view held by the Church of England. In the estimation of that Church, the spiritual and civil distinction have a clear line of de- marcation the first is essential to the character of a bishop, the other is merely appended and fictitious. The bishops in the United States of America, according to all the principles of the Church of England, are acknowledged to be fully and in every re- spect bishops, with all the powers and privileges of bishops, although they are devoid of civil power or jurisdiction as such bishops' Thus also with the bishops of the remnant of the Episcopal Church in Scotland. Their character as bishops is not affected by their existence being denied and repudiated by the civil power, and by them being brought within the civil dominancy of the Presbyterian Church. Their character as bishops, in possession of all the inherent and essential power of bishops, remain notwithstand- ing, in the estimation of the Church of England, as perfect and as sacred as if such repudiation had never been made, and their exercise of the function of bishops is full and complete. . But the light in which the Church of England and the law of England view bishops, without going into the general question, may be more fully, and to some more satisfactorily ascertained from the recent appointment of the Bishop of Jerusalem. It was not supposed that that Bishop would have any civil or temporal power over the inhabitants of the country or city from which he derived his titular distinction, or that he would be more than the ecclesiastical superior of the clergy of the Church of England resident and officiating within certain limits. This included all that is essential to him as a bishop and beyond this it was not desired, as it was unnecessary, that he should have any privileges or power. The Head of the Church of England, without departing from the assertion of the attributes contemplated in the assumption of the character of Head, conferred all necessary, outhouses- tempting or intending to confer, temporal jurisdiction, civil power, or eminence, or exclusive privileges, as respects the civil society among which he was appointed to exercise the Episcopal function. Thus from the example of the Bishops of the primitive Church, so much referred to by the party in the Church of England to which Bishop Nixon is reputed to be at- tached from the constitution of the Episcopal Church in the United States, and in Scotland-and from the recent appointment of the Bishop of Jerusalem-the inference is evident and convincing that a bishop, gud bishop, possesses not temporal authority or civil jurisdiction, or authority of any kind over the general body of the inhabitants of the territory within which he exercises his functions, and from which he derives his i title or designation and that his ecclesias- ' tical position has reference solely to the body of Christians holding views of Church doctrine and policy similar to his own, and uniting with him in the offices of worship I and acts of communion. His authority within that communion, resulting from his ecclesiastical position, will naturally be modified and controlled by the established maxims by which the communion is regu- lated that is, by its ecclesiastical laws. The extent of this communion may be marked out by geographical boundaries, and the bishop's designation or title may, and probably will be derived from the designa- tion of the george applicant region or district within these boundaries j but this title, in itself, is only a descriptive title, distinguish- ing him from other bishops, and can can by with it no civil prerogative or privilege. | Any other view of the position of a bishop, in relation to a civil community, leads to inconsistencies and contradictions. Eccle- I siastical distinction, authority, or superior- ! city, does not in itself confer civil power or j temporal dominion : these, when possessed by a bishop, have been conferred by civil donation alone. In British colonies no such donation has taken place ; nor can it be done without leading to political inconveniences and col- I lisions which no Government would allow, I or could exist under. From the very fact I of civil authority or temporal dominion being conferred upon a bishop of the Church of England, would arise a necessity for equiva- j lent authority and dominion being conferred upon any Presbytery of the Church of Scot- land existing within the same colony. This necessity would arise from the doctrine of communication of privilege, sanctioned and ratified by the Treaty of Union, incurring the danger of repeated collision between bishop and Presbytery, and as repeated a reference to the supreme Government to sanction and ratify, or carry into effect, it might be, their contradictory views. When, however, the authority of ecclesiastical superiors is str actly limited to their respective communions, such' collisions can never occur. That the authority of the Bishop of Tasmania,' gud bishop, is thus limited, the examination we have now made has, in our opinion, fully established and nothing is to be found in the Letters Patent, to which such frequent references made, to contradict or weaken it. The Letters Patent bear evident marks of having been carefully and advisedly prepared, to keep seperate and distinct, as being of an incongruous nature, ecclesiastical and civil authority, and in reference to the doctrine that a bishop's authority is strictly limited in its essential character to the religious communion of which he is bishop. Among the reasons assigned for the appointment of a bishop in this colony, this is clearly indicated, or rather expressly announced. " The detriment arising to the members of the Church of England and Ireland from the non- existence of a bishop in the colony, and the benefits likely to accrue from such an appointment, form the expressed reason and intention of such an appointment, and throughout this purpose is kept steadily in view ; but not even over these members is any power or authority conferred which can be construed into a grant of civil jurisdiction. The only jurisdiction contemplated is a jurisdiction necessarily possessed by every bishop, and independent of any act of the State-a jurisdic- tion as to the conduct and morals of the clergy of whom he is the ecclesiastical superior. This jurisdiction is essential to every bishop, with which he is invested by the act of ordination by which his position in the Church as bishop is conferred. " Between e the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a bishop in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of-our hands," are the words of the Archbishop at the ordination of a bishop, and from this act of ordination alone is derived his essential right to jurisdiction over his clergy. In this respect, therefore, the Letters Patent confer no -clerical jurisdiction, however clearly they may point out the rule according to which such jurisdiction is to be exercised, namely, "according to the ecclesiastical law now in force in England." ~ But tlroughtheT Letters Patent ado not coaler clerical jurisdiction, and merely re- cognise it, they distinctly announce the non existence of any ecclesiastical jurisdiction beyond it, by ordaining (sect. 24), that nothing contained in the Letters Patent Audi extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, vary, or alter the provisions of any chatter by which ecclesiastical jurisdiction has been given to any court of judicature within the limits of the diocese, so far as the same do not appertain to the correction of clerks, or to-mutters and causes merely spiritual." Thus the Letters Patent, instead of supporting the doctrine that Dr. Nixon holds a position in this colony equivalent or even analogous to that of a bishop in England, have been framed in reference to, and in support of a doctrine the very reverse that, namely, of his non- possession of any authority or power over the general community, and of his possession alone of the authority essential to every bishop, or governing body, in a Christian Church-the authority of superintendence and control over clergymen, as members of that Church, in matters purely of a spiritual nature. We intended to enter upon a more extended examination into the provisions of the Letters Patent, from which our views would have been more fully elucidated, and to point out the inferences which legitimately flow from the view we have given of Bishop Nixon's position but the length to which this article has already run, prevent us. In another column will be found an abstract of the Letters Patent, an examination of which will show how little support they afford to the doctrine that Dr. Nixon derives from them spiritual or territorial jurisdiction, or that they have conferred any authority other than what is possessed by every bishop or ecclesiastical superior, from their very position in their respective Churches. ABSMACT or LETTERS PATENT CONSTITUTING THE DIOCESE OF TASMANIA.. Section I - Sets forth the erection by Letters Patent of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land and Western Australia into a Bishop's j See or Diocese of Australia, and the appointment of Archdeacon Broughton as First Bishop thereof 18th January, 1836. I Section 2 Sets forth the erection of an Arch , deacon in and over the Island of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies, and the appointment of Archdeacon Hutchins 18th March, I 336. ! Section 3 sets forth the power reserved of revoking the Letters Patent of 1836. I Section 4-34 to forth that " it hath been represented to the Queen by the Archbishop of Canterbury and other Bishops, " considering the great extent of the said Diocese of Australia and the incontinence und detriment arising ' therefrom as well to the Bishop of the said See' as to the members of the said limited Church (of England and Ireland) resident within the same, and considering farther, that Van Diemen's Land, both with regard to territory and to population, is in itself sufficient to be formed into a separate Diocese," that the said Archbishop and Bishops are desirous that it should so be formed, and that they have prayed Her Majesty to give effect to their desires. I Section 5 sets forth that Her Majesty. being t " pet suaded that by granting the same ike should, under the blessing of Almighty God, greatly advance the well-being of the said United Church of England and Ireland within the said Colony," lins i resolved to grant the Same. , I _ Section 6 sets forth the Queen's intention to constitute and ordain " the Church of St. Dp vid's, to be a Cathedral Church and Bishop's See." Section 7 and 8 Revoke the Letters Patent of January 1836, so far as Van Diemen's Land i is concerned, and notify to the Bishop of Australia such revocation. Section 9 Revokes Letters Patent of 18th March, 1836, erecting Van Diemen's Land into an Archdeaconry. Section 10-" Ereds, makes, ordains, and I constitutes the Church of St. David's in Hobart Time to be a Cathedral Church and Bishop's See; and ordains that the hole Town of Hobart Town shall henceforth he a City, and be called The City of Hobart Town.' " | Section 11 Separates and exempts the said Oily and Colony of Van Diemen's Land from the jurisdiction, authority, and Diocese of the Bishop of Australia and his Successors, and ordains, makes, Constitutes, and declares the same to be the Diocese of the Bishop of Tasmania and of his Successors, and to be called " The Diocese of Tasmania," and names land appoints P. R. Nixon to be ordained and con- secrated to be Bishop of the said See of Tasmania, and signifies to the Archbishop of Canterbury the erection and constitution of the said See and Diocese and the nomination of Dr. Nixon, requiring and commanding the said Archbishop to ordain and consecrate the said F. I. N. to be Bishop of the said See and Diocese in manner accustomed, and diligently to d], c, with effect and ordains and declares that the said F. R. N. so nominated and no- ] pointed, after having been ordained and conse ciated the unto us aforesaid, may by virtue of such appointment and consecration enter into and possess the said Bishop's See as Bishop thereof without let or impediment from the Queen, Iii r Heirs and Successors, to. Section 12-Wills and grants that the stud Bishop shall be a Body Corporate and ordains, makes, and constitutes him a perpetual Corporation, and to have perpetual succession to be called or known by the name or title -of" The Lord Bishop of Tasmania," and that he by that name? and title shall he able and capable in the Lrfw to have full power to purchase, &c;, and to prosecute, claim, plead and be impleaded, def. nd and be defended, in all Courts, Act, and make use of a Corporate Seal. Section 13 Grants, ordains, and declares that the Cathedral Church of St. David's shall henceforth be the Cathedral Church and Episcopal See of the said F. R. N. and future Bishops of Tasmania, and that he shall in nowise be subject to the Bishop of Australia, but only to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Section 14-Wills and ordains that the Bishop of Tasmania shall take an oath to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Section 15 Declares that the said Bishop of Tasmania and his Successors, named and appointed, and by the Archbishop of Canterbury consecrated and ordained, according to the former usage of the United Church of England and Ireland, may perform all the functions, pncDMAR and APPROPRIATE to the office of Bishop, within the said Cathedral Church of St. David and the said Diocese of Tasmania, and may also by himself, or by the Archdeacon, or the Vicar-General, or other officer or officers hereinafter mentioned, exercise jurisdiction, Spiritual and Ecclesiastical, within the said Cathedral Church and throughout the said Diocese, according to the Ecclesiastical Laws now in force in England ("21st August, 1842.) Section 16-Declares the spiritual causes and matters wherein the aforesaid jurisdiction may be more specially exercised-that the said Bishop may exercise and enjoy full powers and authority by himself or by the, Archdeacon, so, to give institution to'brntffcet, to grant is cences to officiate, to Rectors, Curates, gem,, of all the churches and chapels ^ or. other places within Ihe'said^dipcfse^w/itieiñ divine, services shall be celebrated according to trellises and Liturgy of the Church of England Paruna to visit all Rectors, Curates, be, resident within the said diocese, with all manner of jurisdiction, power, and does not ecclesiastical that may be requisite in the premises and also to call before him, or before the Archdeacon, of the aforesaid Rectors, Curates, Masters, Chop- I laid?, me, to enquire of ,v\itnesses,swoin in due ' form of law, and by all other lawful ways and means, by which the same may be most effectually done, as well concerning their morals us their behaviour in their said offices and stations respectively. Section 17 Authorises and empowers the Bishop of Tasmania, the Archdeacons, c, " to administer all such oaths as are accustomed and by-law may be administered according to the ecclesiastical laws of our realm of England, and to punish and corrective afore said Rectors, Curates, Chaplains,, Ministers, Priests and Deacons, according to their demerits, by deprivation, suspension, or other such ecclesiastical censure or corrections as , they would be liable to according to the ecclesiastical laws aforesaid," subject nevertheless | to such right of review and appeal as are hereinafter given and revived." of Section 18 Giants and declares that the Bishop of Tasmania may found and constitute one or more Archdeaconry, and appoint Vi< are General, Officer, Principal, Chancellor, Rural Deans, and Commissaries, (either general or special, and delegate to them such of the powers and functions to the said Bishopric appertaining as may by the ecclesiastical laws of this realm be committed to persons who have not received episcopal consecration, and may, also appoint one or more fit persons to be Re- gistrars and Actuaries." Section 19 Declares that during a vacancy the Archdeacons, etc, may, continue to exercise the functions delegated to them. Section 20-Commands and str actly enjoins Governors, Jiylges, and Justices and all Rectors, Curates, Chaplains, Ministers, and other subjects within the diocese, to be by all lawful means aiding and assisting to the Bishop, Archdeacon, &c;, in the execution of the premises in all things. ? Seetion~21-Nevertheless wills and by these presents declares and ordains that IN ALL CRAVE MATTERS OF CORRECTION W'htch are accustomed according to the practice of the ecclesiastical laws of the realm of England to be judicially examined, the same shall in like manner be judicially examined and proceeded in before the said Bishop of Tasmania and his successors, or the said Archdeacon, or the said Vicar-General, or other officer or officers aforesaid, and that all such causes shall, be proceeded in to final sentence in due form of law. Section 22 Declares that any person against whom any judgment, decree, or sentence shall be pronounced by the Archdeacon, We, may demand a re- examination and review before the Bishop in person and that any person con- ceiving himself aggrieved by any judgment, or, of the Bishop, either in case of such review, or in any cause originally instituted before him, may appeal to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Notice of intention to appeal to be given to the Bishop within fifteen days from the promulga- tion of the sentence. Copies of all such pro- ceding to be forwarded to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Section 23 Ordains that the Supreme Court of Justice exercising jurisdiction within the limits of the said Diocese, shall have such and the like jun isdiction and power of interfering by Writ of Prohibition or Mandamus, such to the same laws, restrictions, and rules of practice as is or may be exercised by the Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster, in regard to proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts in England, regard being had, nevertheless, to any special provisions or exceptions contained in these Letters Patent, and to any other laws and regulations specially applicable to or concerning that part of the Queen's dominions included in the said Diocese. Section'24-Ordains that nothing in these Letters Patent contained shall extend, or be con- strued to extend to repeal, vary, or alter the provisions of any Charter whereby Ecclesiastical jurisdiction has been given to any Court of Judicature, u within the limits of the said Diocese, so far as the same do not appertain TO TURN cou aCTION or CLERKS, on TO MATTERS AND CAUSES MERELY SPIRITUAL, fit to give to the said Bishop any authority or jurisdiction what ever in matters now depending in the said Courts except as hen in excepted. Section 25 Provides that the Bishop may, by instrument under his hand and seals, delivered and sent to the Archbishop of Canterbury, resign, but without prejudice to any responsibility to which he mayhe4iable in Land or Equity in respect of his conduct in his office. Section 20-Grants to F. It. N. Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, duly made and sealed, 21st October, 6 Victoria (1842). WE wish to call the attention of the colony to the following extract, from a long and truly able speech of Dr. Bland, the member for Sydney, in the Legislative Council, in the address to Sir George Gipps, in reply to His Excellency's speech on opening the Council It would be well if some of the opposition members in the late Council here, had exhibited equal candour, equal knowledge of the interests of the colony, equal absence of party cliquism, equalJydisin terested private feeling, and equally honourable public spirit:-"The measures which had become the most prominent features of Sir George Gipp's Government were the abolition of assignment, and the adoption of the Wnkefieldiau theory into the colony. The abolition of assignment was a most mad measure-but it was not attributable to Sir George Gipps that it was so. The system of assignment, which was so much abused by parties who had no knowledge of its workings, was the most splendid system, alike for the development of the energies of a young community, as well as the reforma- tion of the criminals themselves, that ever was devised. But that system, so beneficial in its operation, was swept away at once, and incalculable mischief was thereby brought upon the colony. But he could not blame | his Excellency for it e, the only fault he had to find with his Excellency was, that he did not look calmly and coolly to the operation of such measures. That he did not at once perceive that the abolition of assignment, and the fixing a pound an acre price for land, were two measures that did not and could not amalgamate. That at the very time the colonists were deprived of the benefits of a convict expenditure of £400,000 a year, and a saving of 600,000 in convict labour ; the other measure took away the means of importing labour to supply their wants. He did not blame His Excellency for introducing these measures. He had no doubt acted according to his instructions, but it did appear to him that a colony like New South Wales could not be governed like a regiment of soldiers. That the head of the Government should be allowed to use his own judgment in matters connected with the wel-, i fare of the colony, Hnd,¡pfjwhich.i he alone was able to judge. twas tHe distinguishing feature of the able' administration of' Sir ; Richard Bourke, that he did'consider'the welfare of the colony.' and exercised to no limited extent his own judgment as to what would be most conducive to it. Had Sir ' George Gipps, followed his example,! he would have looked forward and at once have ', seen that the two measures were incompatible wishes would have said" if the measure' for the abolition ' of assignment must be introduced, you must find the means for supply- ing labour through other channels ; as it is impossible'wbileyou are clearing the colony of about a million annually that it can afford to find labour for itself." He, Dr. Bland, was satisfied that his Excellency had not made such errors intentionally. At the time he was drying up the very source of the land revenue, he was expecting tlmtkit would be increased land was bought worthy the savings of convict labour, and the assets of convict expenditure. But when he had taken away the means of purchase thus afforded, be still expected to the last hour that the colonists would be able to buy land, and gave almost a carte blanche for the introduction of immigrants, in the anticipation of an inch easedland fund. Themeasui e which had been passed last session for the renewal of immigration by means of loan was of the same diameter. Honourable gentlemen might decide his opinion, but he was perfectly satisfied that when they had been taught another lesson, they would concede the correctness of his views. The consequence would be that land could not, and would not be sold, and civilization would accede. It was useless to say that the colony had advanced. It had not done so it had retrograded. Let them look at the educational institutions of the colony, particularly those of the higher class, and say whether there had not been a falling off. All the leading establishments of the colony had retrograded, some pi deserved a lingering existence, whilst others were actually de- fence.. He contended that education in the colony was in a state of decadence, that it had retrograded to a fearful extent. The means of education were not so extended j as they formerly were. The price of land was a question which had often been before them ; but it had not been discussed in that philosophical spirit which the importance of the subject deserved. The price of land must, in all cases, depend materially on the wealth of the community, and on its own intrinsic value. It was, therefore, impossible for a government or a legislature t fix it arbitrarily. If the price of land were fixed at the value of the lowest coin, as some gentlemen wished it to be, what would be the effect ; Mel ely to create a private monopoly. Land would be bought up by individuals and companies, and would be sold again at a profit, the operation would be the same, for it was as well to buy land from the Government as the company. If the high price of land were injurious, it would be as much so as from the private speculator as from the Government. It was not the possession but the occupation of land which was beneficial, and without it all improvement and progress in civilization would be held in abeyance ; such had been the effect in Canada, as was distinctly pointed out in Lord Dm ham's report. They had an instance in their own community, for he would ask what good had the Australian Agricul- tural Company done the colony The only effect of such a system was to retain a community in a state of barbarism. It was true that his Excellency's administration had been for the most part devoted to the carrying out the measure of the home Government, measures, for which, although he was not responsible, had proved disastrous; and the effect and operation of which might have been foreseen by him. Still, he could not attach so much blame to him as some w e e disposed to do. The desire he evinced on the occasion he had alluded to, to equalise the civil rights of the colonists, evinced a justice that deserved grateful recollection. He regretted much that any Governor should be sent out to the colony so shackled by instructions as he had been. If Sir George Gipps had been left to his own discretion he fully believed from the sagacity he had displayed on many occasions, that the colony would have been in a very different position to what it was at present. In conclusion, he would say one word as to the alleged prosperity of the colony. The word was absurd the colony knew no prosperity. It was just recovering from a state of utter prostration. It had been in the same state that it was at the close of the administration of Governor Macquarie, when the people were actually too poor to employ labour. It was brought on too by the same infatuation which pi evailed then as it did still, which would send the capital of the country abroad to pay for the importation of labour. The capital extracted from the colony in three years would buy up the whole property in the colony ; flocks, and herds, shipping, and everything. There was only one section of the community who could in any way be called prosperous, and that was the wool growers. Almost every other branch of colonial commerce was ruined, and their whaling establishments, once the mainstay of the colony, might be said to have become extinct. As to the wool being the staple commodity of the colony, he denied it he should consider it was a degradation to the colony to say it was so. It was true, at present they were a pastoral community, as their ancestors were at a faranteriori&eriod.; But with the increase of population's aside as had occurred in America, and which by a system of sound and efficient measures might at once be effected in New South Wales, to the greatest possible advantage both of Great Britain and of the colony, what would the export of wool be Î He was not going to oppose the address, and should have been happy to have given his Excellency credit for those parts of his administration which he had specified, but he was unable to com- ' pliment him on his judgment or foresight, as to the operation of those measures, to carry out which he had been appointed by the British Government." Printed and Published by JOHN CAMPBELL MACDOUGALL, Sole Proprietor, of and at the Times Office, Collins-street, Hobart Town, 'Van Diemen's Land, to whom all 'communication! are, requested to be addressed. Subscribers in the Country, Launceston, and Sydney to make their remittances by post, or by total Agent in Hobart Town. 2 v " " < ' 