(Front the- Tablet.) 7The WVhiteboy; a Storyof Ireland, in 1822. By Mrs. S.. C. Hall. Intwo voils. London : Chap man and Hall; 1845.,. rs S. C. Hall is, as everybody knows, a; very charming writer, with a tuly Irish heart, and a confiding hope in the regeneration of her native laind. We. are not at all inclined to discuss a political question with a lady; there is mritch In her book to amuse and instruct, and as itcs purpose is excellent, however we may differ as to the means by which she proposes to work out the grat eind she has in view, i*e hail her "Whiiboy" 'ieitli'a hearty welcome. 4 Agitation'" is onie of.the horrors of the amiable writer, and yet her novel is a speech in Conciliation Hall expanded .into two volumes; the facts and the subiitoiice are common to herself and the Repealers, and they have the same object in view; but one agitates_ orally the assembled millions, the other quietly insinuates her: views into.the cabinet and the boudoir, and hopes- by a romantic dress and the enchantments of adventure to. win for her Whiteboy a'reception into mdro select society. The tale is a stirring one: it' opens on the declk of thefiist steam boat that sailed between Bristol and Cork, and we are introduced at once to the principal characters." A young Irish widoW, Lady, Mhry O'Brien, a Catholic, and'a devoted patriot, is accopaniled by Mr. Edward flencer, the proprietor of Spencer Coiirt, "a Cas tle-Dangerous of the south,'and of many. haid, cold, Scottish acres in Donegall;" a gentleman who is determined to try upon his Irish tenants the experi ments which have succedeid to a miracle 'on his estates in Berkshire. He has a geI?erods heart; and a clear -cool head, great courage, ample means, a laige fund of paiience and 'forbearance, and a very sincere desire, heightened by a little indispensable -enthusiasm, to become.a benefactor to the children of the Emerald Isle;, Lady Mary, on board the steamboat, open his eyes to the difficulty of the task hl has iundertaken. ' :' - . ' You'are of course aware that two religious and polittica parties divide the islahd ; two, born on the same land, yet agreeing in one thing only-the hatred-they bear each.other.'" . - - "' ?do hope you are not rightljr informed,' said the young Englishman." "'* Alas ! - am,' she answered. • We are two nations on one soili Celt and Saxon, Roman and Protestant, Irish Irish nrid a-glish Irish ; in Eng land you do not.understand this; but we do; per haps you may--afte- atime.": "I repeat, you do not teem to consider-perhaps you do hot knio~-tliat we are two people- the Anglo-Irisl,'iiacd-" her' lip ctirled a little as she spoke it-" the mere Irish; two religions ; yet your, wise law-givers will legislative for us as if we were one people and one religion. And you think to progess among us just as calmly as you have done among your well-fed, well cloatlied teniants in sunny Berkshire, \vhere peae anid plenty, ahd a score of Other -comforts, have iimade the-rich contented, and the poor prosperous--each lbeing the helpmate of the other:". This of course applies to -Ireland three and twenty years ago. Mrs. Hall would not dream of repeating lady Mary's warning to a well-meaning Englisman ?w0W. There is also a Protestant .Dean on board, who gives Mr. Spencer advice, especially urging on him the importanceof patimee. " May God pardon those," he says, " who- forget a laiidlord's duties when they receive a landlord's income ;" and he repeats Lady Mary's warning. " You may imagine that in visiting Ireland;" he observes, "" you are -visiting only onie people, but yon are visiting two." •" Protestant Ireland and Catholic Ireland, Saxon -Irelaid and Celtic Ireland ; but the blood of the Irish Saxon is as.hotly boiling as that of the Irish Celt. -:They boil against each other ; and, perhaps, the chief- motive of union between the Saxon Irish aiid your couidfry is the Church Establislhment; that is the bond which binds the Irish Protestant to ELgland-; but for that, both might overboil against .you, as they do now against each other." Mirs. Hall will excuse a brief cmniment.on this passage, perhaps more.a pplicable. now than it was twenty-three years ago :-Fas est ab hoste do'ert. . This. Dean :i an. excellenht.persorn nevertheless, and has notlhing of the enemy about him but liis ,title and his living. He is a good judge, too of Irish character. . ,"..Do iiot i?ufer the Orange party of the north to persuade .you.' that .their warmer brethren of the south are .all violent .and. bigotted ; nor the Roman Catholics of the. south to impress you with the idea. that the Orangemen of the northi are all bitter and fierce .destroyers; .in all you hear you must take inio accounit the quick beat ings of our herts, and our universal habit of exaggeration ;not from a desire io falsify,-but a 4ssuing out of a rich imagination that converts us into a nation of .poets. -We think what we say while iie speakc but we feel strongly, and do not Sprepare our words before we utter them. 'We want judgment rather than genius," They, (the Irish) " define nothing; an Irish man's faith is equal to his feeling, and his feeling to his faith." " The Irish peasant lives amid the faded glories of his country; knows and feels it ; his cabin is mudwalled and miserable, yet the ruined castle he passes by, to go to his ill-remunerated labour, bears his name. This yields him a gloomy satisfaction ! he looks on the crumbling walls and knows that the glories of his ancestors are not mere fables .'' He regards, of course, the Saxons as intruders and oppressors; he knows them, to be so; and he longs for the day when the Irish shall have Ireland ; and—we don't believe with the Dean that an Irish king is expected to sit again at Tara, and revive the Brehon laws. This chapter is very properly headed the Key \- teote." Another chord or two is touched in it. One 'of tho passbengers is Mr. Abel Rlchards, a middle man of the'black'st mdouth anld the whitest neck cloth; ot.the more precise Puilitaniism, having be come a convert from the Cathlolic religion'; a slave in the.presene of the lords of the soil, and the basest S-, of tyrants to the poor who till'it. His character is developed inthe'stOry,bit the cold wind blows about him, in his very first address expressed to Mr. Spen •e'-r' in a strong' Munster accent, softened to a whine: -" A most blessed evening, Sir,: a crowning mercy to have such an evening I" . Thero is also Betty Doylo, who appears as a simplle nursery-maid, but who takes a -deep part in the plot; and Mrs. Coun Ssellor Hackett and Mrs. Attorney Murphy,- who make a dead set at Mr. Spencer, whoso " no partyt' Spirit determinations are strangely perverted by his desire to pay a comlin inplilno IrelaInd. ?order to be national he has decked his servants in 'green liveries, and enveloped himself In a Spanish cloak of the sahin colour. He is, of coursc, set down a once as it friend by the native party, and by the' . British interest nas' a foe, altihoiigl they claim him as a'landlordl, i Protesitant and a Sijeencer. lAnded at Cork his feelings are harrowed up by the squalid and sordid misery of the beggars who -beset him, and he s .still more inconvenienced by the pressing hospitality of the Hacketts on one side, and by the offered services of Abel Richards, as an agent, on the other. He shakes off both, however, changes his English` seiv?iits" for Irish, and their liveries for something less remarkable. He finds ithat he is not allowed to see a" Castle" paper at the "*popular" hotel to which he' has been driveih, and that neither, at home nor abroad is he safe froin civil puressure' and solicitation. He sets off for Blarney and wins the heart of the carman by the colour of ,his cloak, securing it by his benevolent wishes for the peasantry. He reaches Blarney, dines with the priest, arid pledges himself without knowing it to a. part)-toast and finds Irish punch a too prevailing argument to be repeated with impunity. 'We are then turned back to the earlier days of Spencer Court, under a Presbyterian lady, of be nevolent disposition, soured by her inability to mould the peasantry after a pattern of her own, atd exa cerbated by her sister's marriage. with Mifacarthy, " lord of: his presence, and no land beside,' but the oirne'r of a ruined castle and princely name; a devout Catholic, and genuine Irishman. A son by that inarriage, which is dissolved by Mrs. Spencer's ,means, is the " Whiteboy" of the story.; and his mother Iciig forced into a second marriage, dies im giving birth'to a daughter, Ellen .Macdonnell, who is its" heroine. To these wickednesses and to other severities MWs. Spencer is prompted'by the renegade Richards, who pretends to be converted by her means, and so blinds her to his vilianies. Ellen,'in spite of all the difficulties of her position at Spencer Court, where she is treated half as an orphan adopted for charity, and lialf as a relative, makes rapid way in the hearts of the people ; rides over the hills on her pony, attended only by her dog, to takelessons with the daughters of the Deai ; and contrives to visit the poor in her journies ; smile consolatibn, win' the affections of her wayward bro-, ther, and rather unsettle the precision of Mrs. Spencer's household. On the same night, however, Mrs. Spencer and the " Madam" of Macarthy Castle are seized with death signs.'. Ellen alone gallops' from Spencer Court across the mountains for the Dean to attend the deathbed of her aunt, and her brother sets forth from his ruined castle to summon Father Duffy to the last duties of his grandam. Ellen is returning with the Dean and they are about to cross a mountain stream that runs through the valley when the dog refuses to enter the water, and the horses rear and plunge, determined not to advance. " Both the Dean and Ellen urged their horses forward ! but the animals would not stir a step; the light clouds that had been floating through the sky were so fleecy and transparent, that the stars spark led amid their folds; one or two of a more sombre character occasionally passed across the moon; but the night _was, on the whole remarkably clear and calm i; there were no large, heavy, drifting clouds to produce the shadows. which so bewilder the eyes at night; and both the dean and Ellen could see the sheep grazing on the hill-side opposite. Still the horses, though evidently most willing to retrace the path they had descended, would not cross the ford, and Bran shook and trembled by the side of his young mistress, who vainly endeavoured to rouse him, by exclaiming, " In, good dog, in !-forward, Brano !" It was of no use; neither horses nor dog would cross the ford. Suddenly their attention was called away from the animals, whose obstinacy at such a time was so distressing,, by a clapping, as Ir or nandls, on ue ulppvslte srde. Ellen .eatl herself more firmly in the saddle, and turned her face towards the dean, who sent a loud " hal loo !" across the .brawling stream:; this .was answered by a scream--loud and long-as of a woman in bitter trouble; .it was, in .fact, a keent," a regular " ullagawn"-long and protracted first loud, then dying away - then swelling .loud again:; and while .they both gazed steadfastly .towards the other side, they distinctly saw a woman, whose cloak floated behind her-not with the heavi ness of cloth drapery, but light as a silken web- glide along the bank, to the spot where.there was a natural fall of some depth; ,thie fall was clearly visible from',the mass of white foam that frothed and spun about in the moonlight, as the water went toss ing in mad sport over the rocks. The figure paused, and again they heard ,the clapping of hands, al tihough then it was more distant, and-so faint, that instead of striking the 'ear, as it at first had done, they were obliged to listen for it. " Neither the dean nor Ellen spoke ; but they felt their horses tremble beneath them ; the sound ceased, or at least they heard it no longer,; but the figure, instead of continuing its course along the bank of the river, stept, as 'it were, on the ledge of the fall, and so glided--on-on-on towards their side of the stream, amid the dashing, of the spray,. and t?e rolling and foaming of the fall-erect-firm- tread ing. where no mortal foot could tread. As it thus passed, it beaine almost transparent-a mere sha dow-tossing its spectral arms above its kerchiefed head;. while ever and anon the wail and shriek, fainter and still more faint, seemed fading upon the ear, as the mysterious form faded altogether from the eye. "The horses now- dashed thlrough the ford of their own will; but Ellen's momentary terror did not preventhker.looking back. ' Turn, Sir, turn !" she. exclaimed, riding close up to Dean Draves " tuh ! She .Is on thel hill now, in the Macarthy Pasijs, iras' they icall it; anmi iow-- sheis gode?-hark I you:cap stillhear tlhe cry." •"'An optical decephorio;Ellen, said'thl dean, drawing his breath heavily, as if a great weight was removedl from off his bosom. "*' No, no' answered the girl; ' you know it was nioId that, Sir;. you siay: that to prevent my being friglatened; but we heard, as well as saw. I know what it is. ". You Ihave imbibed wild notions, Ellpn, among these mountains. You would persuade yoarself it was a Banshee, walling for poor Mary Spencer.' It & iivould notiSir-I would not. None of them will wall for such new families; tlhey know better than that;.they will cry for the head of an ancien hoiuse, though he die beneitth a roof of straw; but ther offer no homage to the alien.'" ihes contrast between the chamber of deathl in the manor-house of the wealthy Spencer, and that in thzruined castlo of Macarthy of thile Inch, is finely painted, and we regret tihat we cannot spare space for tlie " llagawn" or " wall" 'of tihe keener over the body.bf the' stately Madam'of the Macarthys, whichl is a highly poetical history of tie dead. The funerals takc. place at the same time in the same chlurchlyard, and a frightful battle between the par ties akises out of a superstition, common in the coeantiy, that tie spirit of the earliest' of the two corpses, buried nearly af the same moment, will have command over the spirit of the later interred, ijueit as the elder twin has poier of the younger in life. In the contest Abel Riehards, who heads the Protestant party, schools young Macrthly, the chief smourner at the fulneral of his grandmother, aid thas 'inreases the hatred and deep-breathed cuirses of the country people against him. Ellen is left dependant on her uncle, who soon dies and leaves her unprovided for, and Edward Spencer, then in England, succeeds to the estate. She is attacked at Spencer-court with a fever, which desolates the country,. and has 'scarcely recovered at the opening of the story; wlien her brother, having grown a man and beoome a Whiteboy, assists at the burning of the well-stocked farm of Abel Richards, who escapes only throtigh the hospitality of Ellen, who conceals him in her room. Her noble feeling of the sacredness of hospitality overcoming. all the hate and dread of him which she felt with too great reason, but so concealed he sees her brother enter the apartment, hears him confess to being a party in the fire, and sees him deposit in her hands the papers which contain the muster roll of the insurgents, for it now appears that a more extended movement than a mere local skirmish is on the eve of breaking out. The middleman overlheads all this, escapes, and im mediately proceeds to reward Ellen's hospitality by denouncing her and her brother. In the meanwhile, Mr. Spencer is on his way from Cork to Spencer-court. He falls in on the way with a case too common at the period, a peasant murdered by the soldiery in cold blood on mere suspicion. He is horrified with the murder and its incidents and with the contempt of laws and justice it betrays, and he proceeds at once to the nearest magistrate to see right done in the matter. Poor Mr. Spencer ! He has little notion of what is called in' Ireland " the administration ofjustice." At Macroon Castle he'meets with an'assemblage' of tihe dounty magi's tracy, and this class of society is ably anatomlsed. Their perfect indifference to wrong which does not reach themselves or their tenants, and their readi ness to right themselves when it' does. So long as Edward Spencer demands justice for the poor mur dered man's family as a -matter of right, he is mocked and laughed at. One'gentleman exclaims, " A trial !" in echo of Edward's words. " Cock a Papist up with a fair trial, indeed ! If I had my own will and way, I'd soon quiet the county ; I'd shoot 'em like so many rats." This same Orange pacificator, however, the mo ment he knows that Spencer is an English gentle man of estate, and a Protestant, changes his tone settles the matter, " Sure my dear boy, if ye have a fancy for it, that's enough about it." " I'd never gainsay any fancy of one of so fine a' family as yours. We'll have the officer, and the dragoons, and all of them in at once, only-it's a quare humour you took in yer head, I must say. Englishmen are mighty quare in such little things. I thought it was some friend of Jack Townsend's who. raised the pullalew, because the boy was one of his tenants. Faith I'd be sinearely obliged to any one who would shoot half-a- dozen of mine in the same way, I kndw that ;" and he laughed heart. ily and loudly at his own admission." A professional spy and Abel Richards are ex amined, and the " gentry" fatigued with business, dine. Spencer drinking " the Immortal Memory," with no more suspicion that he is pledging him self to a party toast than he had felt at the Priest of Blarneys. We have reached the second volume before Edward reaches Spencer-court, and have in the meanwhile been introduced to a foster-brother of the " Whiteboy," (Lawrence Macarthy) and his .colleague in command of the intended rebel demon stration. Lawrence having in vainendeavoured to prevail on Ellen to meet Richards before the ma gistracy and deny his statements which place Law rence and his colleague in peril. The Whiteboy is sent as a prisoner to an ancient peel, or tower, amolun the mountaino, While -the WVhitcbyae old a .midnight council at Gougane Barrow. This por :tion -of the story is told with great spirit, and the description of the conspirators and their varied causes of discontent is vivid and animated with a life-like verisimilitude. The assembly is wrought up to a pitch of excitement by the speeches of their leaders, and are 'electrified, when, in answer to the question " Are you all sworn P" the voice of Edward Spencer answers" No !" 'Be has beeri requested by Lady Mary to forward a letter to a person who, he .believes, is the chief of the conspirators. He.fancies himself in love with Lady Mary, and, in a fit of jealousy and curiosity, determines to deliver the letter himself. Being furnished with the pass-words, he 'finds access to the midnight assemblage, but has .reason to rue his temerity. His life is threatened, and is saved only at the intercession of '" Doyle of the Cars," his cork, driver, and brother of Betty Doyle of the steamboat. .He is made prisoner and committed to the mountain- tower, to which Ellen has been previously transferred. The adventures in this prison are relieved by dialogues with his guard, which reveal-to Edward the mysteries of the Whiteboy law, and the insensibility to bloodshed co'imi?itted i ion those who are a warned." The truth of the fiction is admirably attested by the parallel proceedings atTipperary tile other day. We insert the following extract and leave it to the reader to determine whether we quoto the remonstrance of Edward Splencer iih the novel which is thrown back twenty- three "years, or from Judge Pennefatheer's address to the prisoners at Clonmel, on Saturday last: ,' Without any examination of the party accused, -without hearing what he has to say in his defence for a wrong, supposed or real, done by him, for a complaint often imaginary, often ill-founded,-he is doomed to death; and, without an opportunity afforded him of explaining his conduct, he is sent to meet his God. He is sent frorm this world by the base hand of an assassin, unprepared, in his sins, and removed, a guiltless person perhaps, from the friends who have to regret his loss. h!Iat ias the law which is to deprive the wife of her husbhnd, the children:of the par,,nt, the friend of his friend, and which is to carry ruin and desolation through this land. And for what is this resorted toP Why does this secret tribunal exist P What are the objects it seeks to attain P Is it to banish from the land those who possess the property in it P Is it to punish those who seek to enforce their. legal rights P Is it to coerce those who seek their bread by lhonest in dustry. * a * ' Remonstrate, entreat, appeal to the laws-appeal to your landlorcls--show them that a wrong has been inflicted. Ask for redress if injured, and expose them who wrong you in any legal way. You can assert your rights boldly, but do not, if you value your present peace-if you value your immortal souls-do not shed man's blood.'- .. There is nothing in Mrs. Hall's\vork more urgent In appeal than this. Nothing stranger in any work of fiction than in the same judges appeal to the landlords, quoted in last weeks Tablet. The cir cumstances of poor Ireland remain, it appears, essentially thile same after twenty years' of enllghten ment. E?ward escapes from imprisonment in time to witness thel encounter between the magistrates and the troops on one side and the peasantry on the otluer, the defeat and dispersion of the latter. He witnessed the death of Doyle, a very, touching scene, and the"' keen'" il a cotta?go is rio less poeti cal lthan in the castle. He meets.the magistrates at Macroiin agahi, anMd hears the enemy bear witness to the devotion of the people. A reward is proposed or the discovery of Miss Macdonnell's place of cot cealment, and for the betrayal of the ringleaders in the revolt. Several of the magistrates entered upon their. plans for the detection of the olfenders; while others whose age and experience would' have led persons unacquainted with Irish habits, to expect counsel of deliberation rather than haste, and a mingling of mercy with justice-recommended what might seem a course of extermination, and laughed at the idea of any sum of money, any temptation inducing a betrayal. "Thie creatures will die by dozens in a ditch," said Mr. O'Driscoll, " when a few words, uttered secretly, would secure them and theirs, the posses sion of every earthly comfort during the remainder of their lives; but they wont-not they; and the women are worse than the men. We had a rascal once in Cork gaol, a rare scoundrel-thoughlt no more of. taking the life of a man than I should the life of a fly, would toss up for a shot at his neighl bour as coolly as he would for a noggin of whiskey and swear for a half-a-crown. Well when he was fairly housed at last, we worked on him in such a way that he was on the point of turning king's evidence, and a fine point it was, for he was under sentence of death." " And how could you get him off, if sentence had been pronounced P" inquired Edward. " Easy--easy, forty ways,"' was the reply. "* And he was a terrible coward-we frightened him with a ghost. Well, we had him ripe. and ready ; but as ill luck would have it, we let his wife and his two children in to see him. We tliouglit in the course of nature, that shre would help us--a poor half starved creature, looking like a hare just hunted over hill, and thirough water, by a pack of harriers. And what do ye think she did P He told her how his life was to be spared, and liow. he was to have money, and be lifted with her and the children quite out of the country. And she was overjoyed at first, and twisted her thin airms about him, and prayed God for the good of the' merciful gentlemen ;' and the rascal laughed one of his bitter papist laughs at that, and then told her he was under uo compliment to them for it, for lie earned it. And when she asked how, and understood it at last, shekneltdown and made her children kneel, and threaten to curse him on the spot, if he turned informer. She did-sol I give you my honour," continued Mr. O'Driscoll; " and she stirred him up so effectually, that he died dumb-dumb as a red herring !" " That indeed was Roman heroism," observed Edward, who at that moment considered only the deep devotion of the woman to what she believed right. " She was an obstinate fool; and her children beg the streets of Cork for her to this day, for she lost her senses. But there are hundreds like her ; and ie shall never get rid of the ringleaders, if we wait till informations are lodged. Money has no more power over them than rain over a river trout ! " What a pity," said Edward, whose mind was embrued with the lofty romance of this devotion, and who, under the influence of feeling, lost sight of its great danger ; "what a pity th:it we have never been able to move this power to work our pur. poses. Surely if we had taken half the pains to en list their sympathies, that we have taken to strength en their prejudices, we should have created a happy where we have now a miserable people !" " Sympathies !" repeated Mr. O'Driscoll, after giving a long whistle. "Well, that does beat i The sympathies of a parcel of ignorant savages, whose great sympathy was to murder us all in that ihfernal P'lo I giarve you my honour, I have heard forty plans for civilising the Irish, but I never heard of cultivating their sympathies !" Lawrence Macarthy and Louis, the brother of Lady Mary, who is the second leader of the White boys, are in a cave on the shore waiting for a boat to favour their escape to France. Louis has been led into the rebellion by his love of Ellen, who ex plains to him her brother's error and his own, they quarrel, and Lawrence h!aving felled Louis to tihe ground in his passion, seizes Ellen and bears her, as he fancies, to tihe boat of his friends, which is in deed occupied by his foes, by Abel Richards and some soldiers. Lawrence is wounded, and Richards in a state of triumph and of spiriritual excitement is uttering praises and imprecations in a breath, when S" Ellen raised her eyes to heaven and then fixed them upon the beacon light and the irregularities of the cliffs; she fancied that her wearied body and over-wrought mind conjured a vapour into a vision, but as the boat heaved, she saw gliding from the pier-gliding smoothly and without effort over the pointed crags-the same figure with hooded head and outstretched arms, the very figure which years long past she had seen crossing the river on the memorable night when liher aunt and Madam Ma carthy breathed their last. Shie watched thie appa ration gliding through mid air, its cloak floating behind it, thie arms raised.; up-up-and then that was no freak of her imagination, for it roused the attention of her companions on the water-a shrill piercing scream; another-that made Law rence start; his eyes glared and his cheek flushred; and Murtogh shuddered, uttered a suppressed groan, and hid his face; while Abel Richards, instinctively crossed himself upon breast and brow-the habit of his early days reviving with all its ancient force during the brief moment of terror." "Again the shriek was hieard; and from a distance." * 'LaHrence t?-my brother-lawrence!' ex. claimed Ellen in a tone of anguish. And .she cast herself on liher knees by hris side." " ' It will be soon over with me after that, Ellen, he murmured in reply; 'but it makes me sure of one thing;' the Banshee never cried for a base born Macarthy.". . Murtogh roused himself-sat up-and said, " Thank God for it." SThere's the first gray of morning," observed the sergeant, after a pause, "and the lull cameover the waters wlth the scrceam of them sea-birds. Rotos, boys, row, three minutes will do it now-steady." *Thre sea-birds !" stammered Abel Richards, with a thickened utterance and a triumphmnt chuckle, determined to do away with the impression his involuntary action might have created. "It's not s--sea-birds." He lifted his lhat with-half drunken gravity, swinging from one side to tihe othler. "Gentlemen-as I was going to observe~ it's a case of de--ci--ded blasphemy to call it the voice of sea-blrds l-cock sea-birds up,n withb such (as the poor benighted sinners call it) an ullagawnr as that h-not it, indeed I Brcthlre :--I am of a meek-and merciful disposition; and though it niay be a sin, it's tire wakeness of my natuire to be merci ful-that sea-birds I" 'He clasped his hqnds to gether. " No it's the screeches of Papists;howllng in h--" But before hre Completed a sentence so fearfully in accordance with the bruialislng theory of lis latter 'days, thie boat reeled violently ;i it could hardly be said there was a struggle, but two men rolled rapidly and hieavily into tlhe dark,' deep waters, that swelled rand fretted, and splashed; and the waves closed Sabove -thcm as thie boat shivered and tilen regainei its .position. A low cry of mingled horror and astonishlment' burst from some of the amen,'while others seemed as' though struck 'by lightning.' Lawrenice, with natural bravery, made an attemptto spring in after them, but le was unable to accomplish his purpose, his guards at either side prevented it. " It is Murtogh !" sobbed Ellen, " I saw Murtogh seize him ;- there, there they are, merciful Heaven !" " 1 Look i-In the froth of the little wave," whis pered Ellen, as she clung round her brother,' '" Master Lawrence !'-shouted Murtogh, and though only one head was seen, it was evident the struggle was not ended. ' Master Lawrence-am I a traitor now P' " Again and again the boat tacked, and once ai arm waved as if in triumph, and there was neither sound nor shadow on the sea, save of the creeping morning." In conclusion, Lawrence dies; Louis escapes; Lady Mary accompanies him abroad; and Spencer and Ellen are married and happy at Spencer Court, dispensing blessings around them. In ten years a vast change is wrought, and Mr. Spencer shows what a liberal landlord can efftct among a grateful tenantry. We recommend the Whiteboy, as a lady's fa vourite, to the favour of the ladies, 