TRIAL OF MR. C. G. DUFFY. COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. Before the Lord Chief Justice and a special jury. PRESS PROSECUTION. TIIE QUEEN V. CHARLES GAVIN DUFFY PROPRIETOR OF THE "NATION" NEWSPAPER. The Court sat at half-past ten o'clock, when the case of "The Queen v. Duffy," specially fixed for this morning, was called on. Counsel for the prosecution - The Attorney-, General, Sergeant Warren, Mr. Martley, Q.C., ands Mr. Smyly. For the defence- Mr. Holmes, Sir Colman O'Logh len,Mr. O'Hagan, and Mr. M. J.Barry. The following jury was sworn :-PatriekReganei Robert Snow, Denis Redmond, J. W Gillespie, G.IL' Walker, Hall Chambers, William Carson,: Henry" Cochrane, John Baker, William White, Thonias Carey, and Joseph Francis. Mr. Smyly-In this case the indictment clxrges that Charles Gavin Duffy, unlawfully, maliciouSlyi, and seditiously intending to create in the minds of the Irish subjects, disaffection and hatred of her, Majesty's government, and intending to cause it to be suspected and believed amongst such subjects that their interests were ngc:ctcd by such governr ment, and also unlawfully, &c.;, intendingto excite: such subjects to resist her Majesty's troops whles employed in support of the laws in Ireland, and to encourage such subjects to use the materials of rail ways in making attack and resistance, and. further unlawfully, maliciously, and seditiously intending. to foment jealousy and discord between the Irish' subjects and their fellow subjects, on the 22nd No vember, 9th year of the Queen, at the parish of St. Mark, wickedly, maliciously, and seditiously, did compose, and publish, and cause, and procure to be composed and published in a public newspaper called the Nation, a false, defamatory, malicious, and se ditious libel concerning her Majesty's government and its administration in Ireland; and of Ireland and of the parliament, and the employment of her Majesty's troops in Ireland, and of tihe railways, and the use of such means of resistance to the troops, to the terror, &c.;, [setting out libel with inuendoes and concluding against peace and the statute.] - rThe second count charged the traverser with printing and publishing said libel, without stating it to be in a newspaper, and set out the libel as. before. The third count charged that.the traverser being greatly disallected to the Queen, and the administra tion of her government, &c.;, and unlawfully, &c.;, intending to stir, up discontent, and to excite the subjects to 'oppose-her Majesty's. troops, &c.;, did print and publish, &c.; The fourth colt same as third, except the libel stated to have .been publishesL in the Nation.news paper, and setting out the libel without inuendoes.... The Attorney-General rose to state the ecase for the crown, and having explained that the. reason why the case did not sooner come to trial was, that proceedings had been taken by.the traverser him self, with a view of quaslhing the indictment, pro ceeded-Gentlemen of the jury, you have already heard that the subject of this indictment is a pub lication in the Nation newspaper, considered by the crown to be a seditious libel. As to the publication of the article by the traverser here, there can be, I believe, no doubt-whether it is of the description and character which we allege it to be, is for your consideration, Gentlemen, I am very far from denying the right of every subject in this realm to think freely, fully on, and without grievous restric tions, discuss the conduct of public men, and the propriety of public measures.. If that be done in a fair and candlid spirit, it is no more than the exer cise of the right aud privilege which belongs to every British subject. I admit to the fullest extent, that no man is to be made criminally responsible;for a bona fide statement of any public grievance, or for the fair suggestion of any measure calculated to redress it. I am disposed to go further, andsay. that the exercise of that right ought not to be weighed in too nice a scale, nor would I dole out the privileges of the subject with any niggard hand. If the object of the publication be good, I for one should not be disposed to say that the use of even warm and intemperate language ought to subject the author of such article to a prosecution. Every, man, I repeat, and it is so laid down in the authorities on thiis subjecit'has a right to discuss public af fairs-to point out errors in the conduct of the. officer' of state or of public men, and to consider freely any question connected with tl.epolicy of tdsi country. But there.are limits: to lie. privileg~, these limits are indispensable for the preservation of tranquillity and order in the country.: Gentlemen. I shall never feel it my duty to prqsecute any person for publislhing a fair and temperate.discussidon upon any public matter; but when I come to call your attention to the subject of this jublication,I thinak you will agree with me, without the slightest hesita tion, that if ever tlhsit boundary has,.been 9er stepped-if ever, under pretence of. discussing :a public question, or the conduct of publc men, or government-a mischievous,?a malicious, and; a seditious object has been contemplated, this is a case of that description. The .Attorney-General thene proceeded to read the libel, commenting on it as he went along, and'concluded by saylng-Gentlemen of the jury, I am not aware what your private feel-. ings, political or religious, may be; I have nothing?-. to do with them. This is. nota party question this is. a question of the peace,. prosperity, and. tranquillity: of the country at large.-it is a question worthyt!lo causeof public order on the on hlana, and whlat I will say is a gross and wanton-abuse of the privileges of the press on the other. .I aO. greatly mistaken from your app~eranceanud respect ability, if you do not concur.with me in say!ng.that thris publication is without excuse.: .I do not an-. ticipate any difliculty, In,.th'w case? .We. havedis charged our duty; and .call upon you in,thso name of the country-in the name of tile liberty, of tlhe press-for your own sakes, to expressyour opinifon of this publication, and pronounce your. sense of It by finding a verdict of guilty., Mr. Charles Vernon, registrarof newspapers in the stamp ofice, proved the d.Elara!tlon of. pro prietory of the Nation newspaper., Cross-examined by Mr. Holmes-You know some thing of English newspapersP .I do. Do you know an English newspaper called thi Morning Herald I know it, but I am not' in the habit of reading it. Do you know that it has or had thie character of being a government paper P 1 havoe heard so; but the only English paper I am in the lhabit of read ingis the 7'mes. What part does the Times take in politics P . think it takles the strongest side, or the side most likely to be uppermost (loudi laughter.) . Just as we know in court what party is In or out by the lcngthof a man's faceP I supposeso. Do you know anything:of :papper,called thl Sttandard? Ido. . Did you ever readi that paPr. I did. That is a govcrnment paper P. I'used to be, , In the month of Novem?cr last, and beforo Sir Robert Peel adopted his present course of policy, it wab a government paper P I believe it was a sup ;porter of Sir IRobert.Peel's policy up to that time. Attorney-General-Wc now purpose to read the :libel, my lord. The registrar of the court then read the article as :follows .: " T-nd-A a or COEaoION."-If the government -which afflicts this country appears to some apathetic on the vital question of providing food for a people -threatened with starvation, or suffering them to .purchase it for themselves-if no.active measures 'be in contemplation to give employment upon the ;many public works that lie neglected, to develop the .obvious and wide fields-of industrial enterprise that lie untilled-still let no man say we have not an Sactive and, a vigilant government. The commercial ,ports indeed may not be opened to admit food, but there Is hot haste in the dockyards, and at the naval -stations everything is being put in readiness. There may 'be ,no energy displayed in procuring :labourers for public works, but there is great re . quest for shipwrights and engineers at all govern ment arsenals. .To feed hungry mouths:there is no sort of hurry, but the prime -minister has declared by the amanuenis of the Mllorning Herald that •' law must be vindicated and .sedition crushed.' Yes-once more the growl of England's dogs of war begins to sound across the Irish sea. There .criminal prosecution against a nation of con -.spiritors turned out (how could it else P) one of the • signalest failures -their crafty policy of disunion * and corruption though apparently too successful for a time, in.producing irritation and.division, has ifallen far short of the .vital part at which it was aimed. The one all absorbing all combining ques tion of Irish nationality-of home legislqtion-of REPEAL-is still the question. .Domestic govern w"ent is now as ever the one great want of seven millions of people. And so the brutal throats of -the enemy's thirsty bloodhounds ,have opened to Sbay upon us again. Parliament it seems will meet a month before its usual time-not, we may be sure, with any object friendly .to us not to expedite our .railway business, for that according to-their stupid .rules, cannotbe considered before a certain day- snot to open the ports ; a landlord .legislature cannot .brook that--no, but to consider whether the voice -of Ireland may .yet be safely choked, and her hands ,pinioned, and her opening eyes quenched in blood. Thus we interpret the language of Sir Robert Peel .in the columns of the Morning Herald and the Standard, the-latter ·of which announces to us as ,its -view of the advantages of Irish railways, that every part of Ireland will soon be 'within six h.lours of the garrison of Dublin.' And be it so. If there be any one thing moresan another-now \- essential to the progress and speedy success of the -cause of Ireland, it is external violence or the inso lent threat of such. Let war steamers once more ithrong our harbours -let the land again bristle with sbayonets, and proclamations thunder from the castle -let insurrection acts be hung over our heads, and .-law officers.come forth in all their.parchments, and .in one week friend andf?oe may measure what length of stride our cause has-made since this-time twelve month. It is good for us that the instinctive inso lence of our enemies should sometimes recal us to our sober senses, and enable us to see how petty are the collateral dipputes that have seemed to divide us, and how grand, how proud, how sa cred is the -nationhood we have sworn to win for " our country, -and leave in the gurdianshipof our Schildren. Then welcome war steamers-welcome ,coercion acts and Castle proclamtions and Queen's Bench prosecutions. Let troops if they can be spared be concentrated upon our shores from all rithe .four winds another marked and distinct step in odur national progress will have been made and next Fyear will see us nearer- nay within:grasp of our mighty goal. For actual measures of coercion all 'Ireland laughs at that coward threat. The military uses (or abuses) of railways are tolerably well under 'stood but it might be useful to promulgate through :the.country to be read by all Repeal wardens in their Sparishes a few short and easy rules as to the mode of dealing with railways in case of any enemy daring to make a hostile use of them. The bold Hollanders once preserved their country from being overrun by French armies by laying it under water. They 4opened the embankments and admitted the sea and hin one day those fertile plains witli all their waving Scorn were a portion of the stormy German Ocean and railways though inconceivably valuable to any ,people as highways of commerce yet were better dis i~ensed with foi a time than allowed to become a .means of trahnshort:for -invading armies. A hint \- on - this subject may be thought enoagh but we see .i o objection to speaking plainly and therefore we ,8iie a few practical views which may be improed as eniginers -tiurn- their attention to thle subject. First thei every railway within five miles of Dublin \- could in one night be totally cut off from the inte .ri6r country. To lift a mile of rail to fill a perchor 'two of aniy cutting or tunnel to break down a piece .of as emibankment seem obvious and easy enough. .s cond--tle materlalsof railways good hammered ,iron and wooden sleepers- lneed ewe~pbint out- that d't?ls' things mny be ofiause in other lines than as sisting lbcoinotion. Third-troops upon their iniirch by rail might be convenienitly met with in divers places. Hofer with his Tyroleans could ard!y desirea deadlier ainbush thim the brinks of a ddp . cutting upon a ralilwaiy. Inimagine a few hundred men lying in wait upon sush a spot with masses bf -ck and trun'ks of .tree's ri~ady to roll dbwn.-ahd si'train or two advancing withl a regi ,idcnt:i6f inifantry, and ihe engine .panting near arid nearer till tiae polashed studs of brasson its front re dlstin'guiishable and its.name maynearly be read • Now,. in the .namte of the Father and of the Son and of the HIoly-Ghost!l-now-. But 'tis a.dream. No enely will dareput us to realise these scenes. Yiet let all understand what a railway may and what Jt nity not do." Mr. .Verihon was re-exanmined hby Sergeant Warren as to Uthe meaning to be attached to the several phrases and Inuendos in the article. e'lirovedthat ,trodps meant the troops of her Mqjesty thle Queen -th!at tlhe'people nieant the Irlsh people--that par tliamrent meant the Britlsh parliament,'and that any enemy meant the Queen's troops. Cross-cxnmined Lby Mr. O'Hagan-Do you mean •to say that tIe words; "aany enemy;" mean the Queen's troop's. I think the words, "' the ~noemy," niean tihe Qucees's trodps. But'thel'wobrds are not the enemy P 1 take'thoawokds to'apply to 1ier Majesty's troops. Chief Justlce--HIave you further evidence, Mr. Attorney P Attorney-General-No, my lord,'we close. IuaFENO'n Mr. Holmes proceeded to address tile jury for tlle traverser, and sid-My#lord and gentlemen of the jury, I am in this case counsel for Charles Gavan Dulry, who Is, and hlas been for a considerable time proprietor nid:publisher of thle Nationl, newspaper, and I may say tlls much forlhim, anti for it, tlhat tile columns of that paper have never yet been defiled by any reflection or attack on private character. But with respect to public measures, and public men, and public subjects, and 'especially in the cause of Ireland, he has conducted that newspaper with great talent and great ability. Hence the present prose cutlon-a newspaper of this character and descrip tion in Ireland, is su're to be well watched by the government; and when anything that the govern me~it tliinks rather tbo strong, and is too stroni for its delicate nerves (laughter) appears in suchi a journal, a case is forthwith laid before the Attorney General-as tile present case no doubt was, and he is called upon to say whether in his opinion tlhe pub lication in question should be considered a seditious libel or not. And of course as this case has been brought to trial, he gave it as his opinioni that it should be considered a seditious libel, with this pro viso that the jury should agree in so thinking, be !cause, as he very properly stated, the case of libel or not-sedition or not, rests entirely with you. Geihtlo men of the jury, Mr. Attorney-General has said he knows' nothing of your politics or of your religion. Neither do I, and I care not'what'your particular opinions, political or religious, may be. I believe you to be gentlemen- .honourable men honest men, and Irishmen, and that is enough for me.-Gentlemen, I need not tell you that there is no fact whatever of which you can form a just or fair opinion without taking into your consideration all the circumstances preceding it or attending it. If you..i ake common instances that occur every day, you will see the necessity of this.-'One man'deprives another of life; that, under certain circumstances, may be murder-under other circumstances it may be manslaughter-and under other circumstances again it may be justifiable homicide. If one man takes from- the owner a deadly weapon, a loaded pistol, or a drawn sword, that may be robbery, or it may be not only a justifiable but a laudable act, if they are taken away from the owner for the purpose of preventing him from doing mischief; but a thousand instances of the same kind will suggest themselves to your own good sense, and satisfy you that you cannot form either a sound or a fair opinion of any subject whatever without considerinig all the circumstances preceding it or accompanying it. :And in this case I have no doubt that you will bear patiently with me while I lay before you the grounds upon which I mean 'espectfully but confidently to call for your verdict of acquittal in this case. Gentle men of the jury, the Attorney General has professed considerable regarcd for the liberty of the press. Gentlemen more connected with the press than I am probably feel gratitude for that declaration, and ex press their gratitude accordingly ; but as for myself I say " Timeo Danaos et donaferentes" (laughter) -which I translate-" I dread Attorney-Generals" (loud laughter)-and I especially dread'them when they profess regard for the liberty of the press, and the rights of the,people. Gentlemen of the jury there are certain parts of that publication which I think-and the attorney general did not press them very strongly-may be thrown out of your conside ration altogether ; and I'will come presently, (and I will grapple with the subject) to what I think, and I believe he thinks, is the real question in this case. First, we accuse the government of apathy in pro viding food for the people. Why, the Attorney General might as well indict tihe deputation that waited on the Lord Lieutenant, as a deputation did, for the purpose of urging the Lord Lieutenant to take speedily and actively into consideration the calamity which then impended over the country, with a view to provide food for the people. Then we accuse the government of apathy with respect to no active measures being taken by it to give employ ment in public works. Will you send Mr. Duffy to gaol for writing that. I think, not. The article then states what " haste there was in dockyards and naval stations, and great request for sshipwrights and engineers." I believe that is a matter of fact. I believe every one who read the newspapers at that time know that such was the case, and I think .you will not punish my client for stating that fact. The article then says, " But the prime minister has de clared by his amanuensis of .the Morning Herald, that tie law mustbe vindicated and sedition crushed." So he did, and the meaning of that declaration was, not that the law must be vindicated and sedition crushed by ordinary means, but from the publication referred to in the article, it was manifest that the prime minister meant that sedition ought to be crushed and the law vindicated by employing a vigour uncalled for. Gentlemen, I will not rest the case of my client Ihere upon the liberty of the press, I will rest the case of my client upon historical facts that can't be denied, upon legal authority, that can't bedisputed,upon the statute books of England and the statute books of Ireland, recording the injustice and broken faith of England towards Ireland, and Ire land's degradation. And benot startled when I tell you thlat lwill undertake to demonstrate to your satisfaction, and tihe satisfaction of every honest and just man w?ho hears me,thiat your country is not a free country, and thatithose 'English cases cited by the AttorneyGenerel on thie law of libel have nothing whatever to do with thle case wliere ,Ireland and Irishmen are concerned. :I will demonstrate this by authorities isthat cannot be disputed-by English authorities-and I ask you to take .nothing on my assertion. -1 will not rely on anything but legal authorities, and I will demonstrate thlat f~om n.the first to the last, and at'this tlpresent ·hour, England has considered and treafted Ireland as a conquered country, subject to 'be bouind by the laws of England, and having no right to a legislature of her own. AndlIsay tUe meaningof the article in question is nuotthat the Qucul's troops are io be attacked or in terfered withl, when-as it is stated-in the indictmenti -" they are .carrying into execution thle laws and ihe .constitution." No, the true meaning of this'. piblication is this :-If force be used-if means shall be-resorted to, tooppress thie people of .Ireland contrary to-law, then-resistance is desiralel, and we sleall show thlat thie very means that are stated to be expedient for successfullyputtltng down -the voice of Ireland, on the contrary may be used against you. The indictment accuses the defendant of unlawfully, maliciously, and sadltlously devising and-intending to create in the minds of the 'Irish subjects of our sovereign lady the Queen dissatisfaction and hatred towards her Majesty's government, and intending to cause it to be suspected and believed amongst her subjeis that their interests were neglected by such government, and also unlawfully intending to excite such subjects to resist her Majesty's troops when employed In support of the laws and constitution In Ireland, and to encourage such subjects to use the materials of railways in making such attack and resistance, and that he did wilfully and maliciously compose and publish in the Nation newspaper, the said defamatory and seditious libel. Now, I say, thalt is clearly not the meaning of the article. The article is headed " Threate of coercion," and refers to a publlcation tlhat had taken place in Englandi , wlich publication suggested the use to which rail ways in Ireland might be converted, namely, afford facilities of sending troops from the garrison of Dublin to different parts of Ireland. And tIhe article in question shlows two thilngs ; it shlows Ihow little reliance tice goverstenent could place on thatm?ode of conveying troops, for the attempt might be defeated by the destruction of the rail. roads, and further it shows that the very means the Government would rely on for the.transit'of troops could, on the contrary, be converted into' weapons of defence. And I say, and I hope it will be asserted by all of you, that if force should be used-if violence should be resorted to for the pur pose of stifling the voice of the people of Ireland in calling for any particular measure, constitutionally, then I say resistance would be justifiable, and I will demonstrate that to you before I have done, by Eng lish authorities. The lbarned gentleman then re ferred to various authorities, for the purpose of showing that co'untries treated as Ireland had been by England, could be only considered as In a state of slavery, and having quoted various passages from Blackstone showing the constitutional right of the subject to resist oppression proceeded-Thus, Blackstone taught Englishmen, and especially to the youthful gentry of England-its future sena tors and statesmen-this doctrine, that because England when invading Ireland thiought fit to stop short of its conquest, they should continue to oppress it, and that Irishmen might be lawfully slaughtered as enemies, if they did not submit, to the sovereignty of England. Thus I here demon strate from the authorities of the English laws that Ireland was always considered as a conquered country, as belonging to England by right of con quest, and that by that right England had the power to bind Ireland by such laws 90 shs lsould think proper to make for her. Perhaps, gentlemen, many of you recollect the memorable year of 1782. In that year that Act of Parliament was repealed. It was repealed by the energies of Grattan and of Flood, aided by 60,000 Irish Volunteers in arms. Yes, it was in fact' the triumph of the Volunteers. The Volunteers, while combined in object and in action were invincible-by disunion their power was gone. In the Volunteers of Ireland may .be seen at once her strength and her weakness. In their virtues and their triumphs they illustrate her title to liberty-in their errors and misfortunes they de monstrate the cause of her debasement. Theys have left to posterity an illustrious example in victory and a bitter lesson in defeat. Thle clouds which hang over their descending glory, cannot obscure the splendour of their achievements. They did not rescue their country from the power; but they rescued her from the calumnies of her oppressors. Gentlemen of the jury, by the exertions of the Vo lunteers'that Act of Parliament was repealed-what more did England do P In .the following year, in the year 1783, the Irish were not satisfied at that time with what was called simple repeal (the act of 22d of George III., c. 1, sec. 53), and they called for an absolute declaration on the.part of England, renouncing for ever thereafter, the right.to.bind Ireland by her laws; and accordingly the 23rd of George 11I., chapter 28, waspassed, which was .entitled, "an act for removing and preventing all doubts which have arisen or might arise concerning the exclusive rights of the Parliament and courts of Ireland in matters of legislation and jurisdiction, and for preventing any writ of error or appeal from any of his Majesty's courts in that kingdom from being-received, heard, and adjudged in.any of his Majesty's courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain. And whereas doubts have arisen whether the pro visions of.the 23d of George the Ill., chapter 53., are sufficient to secure to the people of Ireland the rights claimed by them to be bound only by laws ,enacted by his Majesty and the Parliament of that kingdom in all cases whatever, .and to have all ac tions and suits at.law or in equity which may be instituted in that kingdom decided in his Majesty's court therein finally and without appeal from thence; .therefore, for removing all doubts respecting the same, be it declared and enacted "that the said :right claimed by the people of Ireland to be bound only by laws enacted by his Majesty and the Parliament of that kingdom in all cases whatever,.nnd to have all actions and suits at .law or in equity which may be instituted in that kingdom, decided in his Majesty'scourts therein finally and without appeal from thence, shall .be and is hereby declared to be established and ascertained for ever, and shall at no time hereafter be questioned or questionable." We have there that declaration made by the Parliament of England, that for ever thereafter Ireland should be bound only by laws made by her own Parlia ment. Could a more solemn pledge be given ?-If there be such a thing as faith or honour among nations, was not, I say, the faith and honour of England pledged that for ever thereafter this coun try should be bound only by the laws which were made by her own ParliamentP Why was that de claration made P Because before that per iod Ireland had been bound by laws not made by herself, but by the English parliament; Ireland was governed, not by her own laws, but by the laws of England, and therefore it was that the English Parliament de clared thereafter Ireland should be bound only by lawsmnaile by her own Parliament. ?yas thlat faith kept P No. In less than twenty years that Act of Parliament was annihilated, and thle Act of Union passed. Less than twenty years after that solemn pledge was given by England to Ireland the Act of Union was carried. Was.that Act of Union tUe act of the Irish people P No.: It was opposed by all the talent-all-the spirit-all the virtue of the .land, andi it was passed by tlie most unprincipled conduct and m?ost bsizf ced corruptioin that ever yet was recorded. YOU iiiaiinvwell conceive what secret acts of bribery there weio when I tellyouethal t the liberties of 'the people were sold like goods, ware, and merchalndise. Coeval with the Act of Union was passed by thie same Parliament that betrayed .Ireland, an Act of Parliament whichl got tlSi Royal assent the very same day as tie Act of "nion did, granting" allowances to bodies corporate and in dividual with respect.to those cities, towns, and bo roughs which shall cease to send any members to Parliament after the Union, and also granting com compensation .to those persons wl:ose offices would be thereby destroyed." I especially call your atten tion to the bribes which that Parliament gave to itself, I'may say, or to severaldiembers of it, for by that act it raised a sum of £15,000 for the purpose of granting allowances to&idleserpdrpritte; and in dividuals with respect to tlhose cities, towns, and boroughs, which should cease to send members to Parliament after the Union, and also for the pur pose of compensating those whose .ohices might be destroyed by the Act of Union. Yes, that Parlia meat passed an not for the purpose of raising a sum of £15,000, and who do you think were to pay that money P Ireland had to pay it;. and Ireland had also to raise a sum of £1,400,000 to pay for ier own degradatlon. It is on record--it is an act of Parllastieht, that Ireland absolutely raised a sum of £1,400,000 for losing her own Parliament. A great portion of that nsony-tle hardly'earned.and scanty wages of the Irish peasant-was .wrested from him for the puipose of bribing the represen tatives of the people, to betray tceir country, and thtus, gentlemen, the Act of Union was passed. It is now,.licwehr, sedition to talk of the repeal of the Union-to rll.upon llEngland to do justice to :ir land-to cell upon England to redeem her brokes faith-to' call upon England to remove the stain which' she cast upon her honour by passing the Union; to call for that Irishmen must be brianded with the name of sedition, and you, gentlemen, are called on to find a verdict confirmatory of this. Let us now take a view of the component parts of the British Parliament after the Union. Let us first consider the position in which Scotland stands with regard to that Parliament. For centuries Scotland coped with England in battle for her liberties, and she is now represente I in the imperial parliament by sixteen peers and fosty-five commoners. How does Ireland stand with regard to England and Scotland. Taking'England and Wales together, England has in the House of Lords two archbishops.and twenty four bishops, and there are at least 300 English 'peers, with an unlimited power in the crown of in creasing tlhe number of these peers adi,ninitnun, while the same power does not exist in the Crown of adding one single Irish peer. Then there are 530 English members of Parliament in' the House of Commons. What is the population of England and Wales compared to that of Ireland P The popula tion of Ireland is more than half that of England and Wales. England is represented by two arch bishops, 24 bishops, about 300 English peers, and 500 members of Parliament. How is Ireland repre sented ! First, she has four bishops- next, twenty I eight peers-not a ninth part of what England has -and then she has one hundred commoners which is five to one in favour of England. Now willany man tell me that the laws by which this country has been governed since the Union, were made-not by Eng land but by -Ireland. I say that the statute of the 6th of George the First, by which England declared her right to bind Ireland by laws made by the Bri tish Parliament is virtually re-enacted by the Union. I assert, as a constitutional lawyer, and I defy any constitutional lawyer to deny it, that the true principle of freedom, which is, that a country should have the power of making laws for its own government, is not possessed by Ireland. I say it boldly and broadly, that she does not make laws for herself; they are made for her by England; for what could Ireland do, what could her members do against 300 peers and 539 Commoners. It is a mockery, it is a delusion, it is a fallacy to say that she is a free country.; and I say that you cannot judge fairly of this case or of my client, Mr. Duffy, unless you take into your consideration the relation in which this country stands with respect to Eng land-unless you take into your consideration the treatment of Ireland by England. But this may be all true, and yet notwithstanding, it is stated in the prosecution on the part of the Crown, that this is neither a fair nor an authorised publication. I say it is ; because I say the real meaning of it is this-and you will all understand it to be so-that if coercion should be used, if the sword should be used to put down the voice of the people-if that should be done, and if railroads should be employed to facilitate the transmission of troops throughout the country for that purpose, tian I assert that re sistance would be lawful and justifiable. I told you I would irely upon English authorities alone, and I will therefore refer again to Judge Blackstone. I have already told you with what admirable coolness he disposes of the case of Ireland, treating of her as a conquered country, dependent upon England, and bound by such laws as England might think fit to make for her. But when the same Blackstone treats of England and England's rights, what does he do P He Itreats of them as a freeman ought. After discoursing of the various rights of Eng land, he. proceeds to show the different means which were provided by the constitution of Eng land for the preservation of these rights. Firstly, lihe says that by the powers and privileges of parliament ; secondly, by the limitation of the king's prerogative; thirdly, applying to courts of justice for redress of injuries ; fourthly, the right to appeal toithe king or either houses of parliament for redress of grievances. The fifth and last right of the subject which I shall at present mention is that of having arms for their defence suitable to their con dition and degree, and as affording a means of self preservation and resistance to oppression, which was also declared by statute. Blackstone lays down this as a principle of the constitution; and I say the meaning to be attached to the article complained of in this indictment is not an advice to use arms to interfere with the Queen's troops in enforcing the laws and constitution. No, but for the purpose of resisting any troops or any enemy that should dare to come for the purpose of oppressing them. Gen tlemen of the juify' I say, as a constitutional lawyer, that insurrection against lawful authority is rebellion -to excite to it is sedition, but resistance to oppres sion is not rebellion, and to teach a people the means of successfully resisting oppression Is not sedition. This is the law of nature-it is the constitutional law of tile realm. Blackstone declares it-and to hIis honour he stated broadly thiat if the rights of England are invaded Englishmen have a right to keep and to use arms for their own defence. It is then, for you, gentlemen, to consider well the con. struction to be given to this article-the only one which in fact it should fairly bear-that construction 1 contend should be that resistance is only recom mended in ease coercion should be used-in case force should be used to put down the cry for Repeal, or any other cry that the people were constitutionally entitled to make. If this is not wrong or uncon stitutional in tlie people of England, the people of Ireland have a right to the same privileges; and if thile liberties or rights of the people of Ireland are oppressed or interfered with resistance becomes both justifiable and necessary. Nearly a century and a half ago the case of Ireland as it.then. stood was stated by Molyneux, the friend of Locke. Molyneux demonstrated that conquest could give no rightful dominion to England over Ireland-the minister of tlhat day could not answer thie argument-he dreaded the truth, and like Omar he burned the book. Since that time the population of Ireland 'ias been more than doubled; and now, in tile middle of the 19th century, in an age of science, and thie extension of education and knowledge, beyond anything ever known in the world before- when all tihe powers of nature miand art seem to have been developed, and made subservient to the use and benefit of man, the great mass of that population are still dwelling in hovels, not fit habitations for the beasts that perish. Rents must be paid- taxes must be paid-theso to a most exorbitant amount-and what then remains to support life P-Ono vegetable production only. Tihe recehnt failure in that piroductlon shows how uncertain and precarious is, even' that resource. Science in vain applied itself--it could neither discover nor arrest *the effect. Had that disaster extended more rapidly or-more generally than it did, in less than a week thie survivors would nothavo been enough to inter the dead. Would there have been aught to relieve thLe picture P Ohl yes 1 The constitution of England f"the envy and tile admiration of. the world I might have been seen in far perspective, on wvhleh the wretched peasant perishing for want in tile wilds of Connemmna 'might be told to gaze with rapture, and exclaim with tile poet- "'Tis distance lends enchlantment to tihe view." If fronm the physical we turn o the mortil and to ilitical state of Ireland, does tihe picture brighten P It has been said of Ireland that she has great virtues, but that she has also great vices. Her virtues are her own -her vices have been forced upon her. Ireland has not received her education from herself, she has been educated by another country, which, for a long time, had but little to communicate, and would not impart that little, and at length studied to check the growth which she feared. Ireland to have been well educated ought to have been left to herself, to work her way in the world of science, and govern ment, and trade, by her own talents, her own spirit, and her own industry. But instead of this, she was rudely seizrd in an age of weakness, and thrust out of the sphere of light. She could neither create nor imitate-slie could neither give birth to a Solon nor send for her twelve tables to Greece. Theeduca tion of a peopleis. not the changing of a garb, the cutting of a beard, or the invitation of a chieftain to court; it is not the substitution of the English for the Brehon laws-the gibbet for the eric; it is not to be found in Protestant charter schools or in Popish seminaries in the University of Dublin or in the College of Maynooth. The education of a people is the formation of its natural, its moral, and its political character, measured by its advancement in government, in laws, in manners, in arts, in sciences, and literature-in manufactures, in trade, and commerce-by the genial diffusion of knowledge and virtue-by the comforts, the conveniencies, and the refinements of life. Nature is the volume and experience is the school. The benefit of laws and policy-of arts and science- of manufactures and trade, are the effect of individual talent and united labour; but genius and industry, the minds of the few and the hands of the many, combined for a common end, can only exist where there is some common invigorating principle of life and action. What is the common invigorating principle? Coun try-the proud feeling of national independent existence-the means by which every great and useful action is reflected from the indivual to the state, and from the state to the individual,and virtue, and fame, and emolument, are enjoyed by the pos sessor in the two-fold character of man and citizen. But where this common invigorating principle is wanting-where a people is subservient to the will, mocked by the pride, and misled by the caprice, the prejudice, the passions, and the interests of another state,. that people will inevitably betray the vileness of its condition. National independence does not necessarily lead to national virtue and happiness; but reason and experience demonstrate that public spirit and general happiness are looked for in vain under the withering influence of provincial subjec tion. In contrasting t1'e nation with the province, let us take an instance-industry ! New let us look to Ireland. In Ireland we have labour-hard labour -incessant labour-unrequited labour, but we have not in Ireland industry ; we have industrial re sources., but we have not industry itself. Can you wonder P The industry of man arises not from mere impulse and instinct-the industry of man arises from his necessities and his reason-from his wants and his aspirations- from a sense of duty and a love of fame-the industry of man embraces the material and the intellectual world-is employed by the sordid, and animated by the generous affections \--is connected with every thing mean and every thing noble in the human breast-with the miser and the slave it grovels on the earth-with philosophy and liberty it mounts to heaven. The gross portion of its nature may exist in any clime where the animal can breathe, but every celestial particle will perish where the mind is not conscious of freedom- where the heart is not confident of the protection and en joyment of independent legislation, and equal rights and equal laws. The soil of Attica is still visited by the same sun which warmed the genius of Pericles, and shone on the works of Phydias, but there his beams no longer illumine a land of liberty whose alchemic power transmutes whatever it touches into gold. The Republic of Athens is no more, and the genius, and the spirit, and the virtue wlhich once adorned that rugged soil with glory now only live in the records of her fame. Do you know the his tory of your country P It is a tale of suffering and sorrow-the tones of her music but echo the melan clholy wailings of her grief. There is not even greatness in her fall. When a nation which will not bend is broken by the tempest its fall is measured by the storm; but in the sad picture of her destruc tion Ireland does not exhibit the majestic ruins of a nation. Before Ireland could be a nation she was made a province, before Ireland could have a people, her inhabitants, brave among the ,brave, suffered the penalty of disunion, and they have remained attached, not to their country, for they have had none, but to its soil. As individuals, or as clans, or as sects, they have wandered for many a long century through a dreary existence without any central principle of attraction, and light, and warmth. It is not the sword which destroyed the body, it is the policy whlich laid waste the mind that Ireland deplores. For many a long century a deep and blighting gloom has covered this fair and fertile land, on which the benignant gifts of heaven seem to have been poured forth in vain. A light once shone across the gloom-bright and glorious was that light, but sliort and transient, serving but to show the darkness that had gone before, and the deeper darkness that had followed after. Yes, alight once shone across that gloom-that light was extin guished by the foulest means that ever fraud or injustice practised; and now it seems that every attempt to rekindle it is to be crushed as seditious, and that the sentence of dependence and degradation pronounced against Iheland is to be confirmed and made peipetual. Against this seriienee ioy client has raised his Voice; and I, not on his behalf alone, but on behalf of the injured and insulted people of this country, raise my voice also against it, and call upon you, gentlemen of the jury, by ybur ver dict of acquittal this day, to aid in averting that sentence. If tile spirit of freedom dwells within you-if it warms your hearts and illumines your Intellects, I call upon you by your verdict of nac *quittal to avert that sentence. By every generous sentiment that can actuate and ennoble men-by eviry principle of right which can direct and ani mate the just, I call upon you by your verdict this day to avert that sentence. I ask for your verdict of acquittal not as tihe boon of mercy--not as the safety valve of doubt, but as the clear, unequivocal, decisive expression of your regard for your people's. rights, and the welfare and honour of your native land, I ask for your verdict of acquittal in tle name of the cause of country-that cause for which " Wallace fought and lIampden bled," and our own Borohoime conquered-that caisoe ei'bver dear to thlo bravest, to the wisest, and t'o the best-unfelt and abandoned only by thle recreant and the vile. Did I now address therecreant and the vile I should In deed despair; but addressing, as I do, the hligh minded and the just, I feel the buoyancy of hope, and the confidence of right. I have done. I have appealed to your unprejudiced understandings. ,1 have appealed to the lhonest, to the manly feeling of your hearte, and unless the streligth of the cause has been lIost in (tle weakness of the advocate, I have not appealedl In ytah. (T're learned gictlc man resumed his seat amidst loud and?prolonged peals of applause.) There were no witnesses produced for the defence, and the Attorney General therefore intimated that he would not trouble; the.court with any observa tions in reply, at the same time wishing it to be distinctly understood that it was' his right, if he chose to exercise it. The Chief Justice then charged the jury.in the following terms. He said-Gentlemen of the jury, you have a most important duty to discharge, and perhaps the most difficult, and certainly the most important part of the solemn obligation you are under to assist in the administration of justice, is to dismiss from your minds, as far as possible, the impression that must be made on them by the signal and eloquent address from the traverser's counsel. an address that has never been surpassed in a court of justice. You have an important and conscien= tious duty to discharge, and within certain limits, for to go beyond them would be a violationof your duty. That eloquent address contained such matter, and such a variety of topics of an excitable cha racter, that men must feel a difficulty in dismissing those topics from their minds, and in abstracting them so as to enable themselves to discharge their duties properly, and assist, as they are bound to do, in the administration of justice. But now, gentle men, without further observations, I will proceed to call your attention to the question you will have to answer on your oaths, and I have no doubt that whatever your verdict may be, it will be given under a conscientious sense of the solemn obligation which you owe to your.country and to yourselves. The traverser is charged with having published in a newspaper a seditious libel, and as far as the fact o6 publication goes no difficulty can exist, as it is not denied. It could not be denied that ihe publisherr this composition, whatever its character may be Therefore, in the first instance, I take it that it is conceded that the traverser did publish thedocument stated in the indictment. You will then have to look at the indictment, which consists of the follow ing charges. [Tlhe learned judge then read over tihe counts of the indictment, an abstract of which, is given above, and then contanued.] Now, gen tlemen, you will, after due and proper deliberation, have to say whether you feel that this publication. was publishedl with all or any of the intents set forth in the indictment, because, though it is my duty and province to state to you my opinion on the facts, and the intents with which they were pub lished, that opinion is not to bind you, except so far as you think proper to make it yours by adoption; for the verdict is to be yours, and founded on your own conscientious and rational opinion of the tra verser's intent, and of the import of the publication. With respect to the intent, I will make one general observation, which you will carry in your minds in considering the traverser's intention. Now, gen tlemen, I will call your attention to the publication which is called a libel, and which, on the best consi deration, 1 am bound to say, I believe to be a sedi tious libel. You are already aware that in giving you my opinion, and my reasons for holding it, I am only endeavouring to assist, not to control you. If you believe t ]e.ljbel fairly bears the. meaning and construction put.,upon it,.you are bound, without regard to conseqruences, to find the traverser guilty; but if you believe that such was not the Intent and meaning of the traverser, you will acquit him. You have a solemn duty to discharge-an important and difficult one; not only from the nature of the case, but in consequence of the very eloquent address you have heard. I am sure, hoIwever, that it will be discharged in the way your consciences will poiot out. The jury then retired, and in some time after it was announced to the court that there was {lot the slightest likelihood of their agreeing. The Attorney-General said it was unnecessary for them to come into court if they had not agreed. Wnhen the court was about to adjourn at half-past five, the Chief Justice directed the sub-sheriff to ask the jury if they had agreed. The sub-siherif'stated as the result of iris inquiry that they had not, and never would (laughter). The Chief Justice proposed to adjourn the court until ten o'clock that night, but afterwards decided upon adjourning it till half-past ten this morning.' Bailiflt were then sworn to prevent persons from communicating with the jury, and to keep meet, drink, and fire from them. THURSDAY. The Chief Justice entered the court at half-past ten, and in a minute or two after the Attorney General arrived. His Lordship, addressing the Attosney-General, said he presumed the jury locke'l up in the case of the Queen v. C. G. Duflfy, should be called out, Attorney-General-if your lordslrip pleases. Thre jury then came into court, andiin reply to question put lay thre Registrar, as to-whether, the had agreed, the Foreman said they had not, and that in hris opinion they never would. Court-Well, gentlemen, you will retire for tie present,and further consider thire case,. A Juror--We never shall agree. Anothrer Juror-We lhad not even as muchk as a candle. The jury then retired to threir room, At tliree o'clock thiey were again called out, anl in answer to thie Chief Justice, the Foreman haildg stated tlhat they had not agree ?l, and that there rwh not the slightest chiance of their ag iong, the' were discharged. Counsel-" Now, Sir, on your oath, were yoir not born in Ireland P" Witness, in a solemn tens " Althoughl present at thIe event, I swear 0n mtO oath I halio no recollection of the fac?." 