WINDSOR (NOT ETON) GRAMMAR. Certain political and grammatical purists have assailed Sir Robert Peel for faulty composition in his letters to the Queen. Their jealous regard to the Queen's English is very praisewor thy and constitutional. It is not to be tolerated that the Pre- mier should utter spurious idioms ; and it must be contested that if Sir Robert Peel were held up in class he must plead guilty to some infraction of syntax ; we can convict him of a superfluous " being." But the censors set fine upon looking further, and asking if the rival boy deserves a prize for compo sition ? Let us have up John Russell — the essayist, the drama tic poet, the historian. John has grown sadly negligent since he rose to be so high in his class, and really he deserves that Robert should " take him down." It is recorded of Bowyer, the schoolmaster at Christ's Hospital, that When a big boy ven tured to present any very atrocious composition, the pedagogue made a practice of throwing it out to the school, crying, " here, boys, is something to amuse you." The public will find Lord John's exercises in composition very amusing. Behold a sample from his second letter ; — ; " Those who have served your Majesty and your royal prede- " cessor in Cabinet offices during the administration of Lord Grey ' and Lord Melbourne, who were now in political connexion with " Lord John Russell, were consulted by ham. , "They agreed on " the principles by which tlrey .would be guided in framing mea- " sures for tbe repeal of the Corn-laws. Thus one great difficulty " was surmounted. Bpt as the party which acts with Lord John " Russell is in a minority in;both Houses of Parliament, it is ne- " cessary to ascertain how far they were likely to obtain the sup- " port of Sir Robert Peel " Here are divers entertaining puzzles. First, who are "who" in the' third line? Does the word designate Lord Grey and Lord Melbourne, or the previous ' those who ?" What tense is to be understood in "were now" t Whom does the last "they" indicate ? — is it the Houses of Parliament, or Lord John's party, which " acts" and " is" ; or is it " those who" figure at the be ginning of the sen tence ? But it is the earlier letter which 'is the most fertile in these gems. The epigrammatic antithesis- with which the following passage closes is quite in the smart schoolboy style : but so much cannot be said for the sentences which lead to it— " But upon maturely weighing the second proposal, namely, " that by which duties would, after a suspension, a temporary re peal, be re-imposed and again diminished, there appear to him ' " to be grave objections to such a measure. The advantage given 1 " thereby to the land appears to him more apparent than real ; "the uncertainty of prices in future years will be aggravated, and ' " the prospect of a complete free trade would' be still kept in the " distance ; the prospect alarming the farmer, and the distance " irritating the merchants andmanufacturers." Here the ancient scholar sets out with " maturely weighing," postponing the nominative of that process to some future op portunity in penning the sentence; but as he goes on, the venerable boy quite forgets his suspended nominative, and it never appears ' Who. is " weighing !" We ask in vain ; the nominative case has become for us the vocative— that.is, some thing only to be called for, not named. He also facetiously tells us that a certain thing "appeared" to. him to be "ap parent." This looks very doubtful, whether in grammar, or philosophy ; but it cannot be justified by evidence drawn from natural history. Ghosts often " appear" in order to be " ap parent for it is in many cases impossible to guess at any other motives for the appearance, than the simple apparency. Also, Rafter maturely studying" the text of Virgil, the " rarj nantes" appear to be " apparent." At least, with deference tq Lord John's opinion, on .the subject, such appears to us to be, apparently, the apparent meaning of the appearance. Lord John talks, with a refined distinction of an "uncertainty" which "will" and a "prospect" which " would making the pros pect subjunctively uncertain and the uncertainty indicatively certain. Some would have made the distinction more super ficially apposite by inverting it : ; others Would not have drawn the distinction at all ; but Lord John, in bis lectures to ..Queen Victoria manages most artfully "to blend amusement with in struction." Inthe next -passage, 'the-historian of the British.Constitution ' mentions some -persons' who "<wha entirely participate which raises a delightful puzzle tq know iu what lies the entirety, i$ what the partiality,— whether the participators-took all of that in which they took pXrti or whether they formed the whole of that id which -they were parts; or whether— but the passage will be an- inexhaustible faed- of delight to future commentators, it is /open to sueh: an- infinity of interpretations' Lord- John's kttec abowds in appearances : here is one . more- " Had the harvest been plentiful and corn cheapi.it might " have been very advisable to-Aoee -diminished tbe duties gradual ly; but the restoration of a duty after suspension has all the " appearance of the re-euactment of a protective law." The art with . which the writer insinuates the antediluvian nature ol tbe condemned proposition, by piling up preterplup.er- fect upon preterphiperfect, and taking it, in on ultra- preterpluper- fect tense, is very ingenious ; but what strikes us is the irre sistible -logic of the, passage.. That the restoration pf a protec- tive duty, looks like the r.e-enactment of a protective law., is in contestable. It is that incontrovertible conclusion in argument called an identical proposition. Queen Yictoria, sic fertur, cannot abide bad English, or bad grammar, even in the humblest of ber attendants. N.o.w, though John may not have been " strong enough for the place" of Premier, he might supply one desideratum in the Royal House hold : let him be engaged to teach grammar and composition to the footmen and lady's-maids. 