MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. AFFAIRS OF MEXICO. (From the Times' Correspondent.) Mexico, January 3. GENERAL, PAREDES and his division entered Mexico yesterday, and at once took possession of the citadel and the principal points of the city. He was not received with the enthusiasm I expected ; indeed, I did not hear a single viva ; but I believe that active demonstra- tions of joy are not consonant to the habits of the people, and that successful revolutions are of too common occurrence in this country to cause excitement of any kind. If we can get over the startling fact of the illegality of Paredes' pronunciamento against a Constitutional Government, we must admit' that his conduct in this affair is perfectly irreproach- able. Instead of occupying the apartments of the Palace, which any other conqueror would have done, he retired to his private house, and at once set about the convocation of notables charged with the formation of a provisional government. He showed a great deal of pluck in getting rid of the clique of notorious public robbers, who aided the pronunciamento in Mexico for their own corrupt purposes. He told them in plain words that he did not make a revolution to place them at the head of the Government, and applied expressions which cannot be translated for " cars polite." The public were delighted on hearing his un- ceremonious treatment of these designing men, as from the readiness with which they had seized on the chief offices of state, and parcelled out the best lots amongst the band, it was feared that Paredes would not have the means or the power of dislodging them. You must therefore consider all lists of Ministers or appointments sent home by the last packet us now avenue, and that up to the present moment Paredes held the supreme power in his hands. He is in hourly communication with the Junta charged with the nomination of an interim President, and though the fact is not yet quite positive, I understand their choice is fixed on General Almonte. Paredes himself declines the Presidency, and as Almonte is a man of the world, of superior intellect, I must consider the selection as the best that could be made. The provisional Government is to last four months, by which time the National Convention, which they are to convoke, will have elected a President and established a permanent form of Government. Such has been the result of the San Luis pronunciamento, that the whole army has given in its adherence ; but it remains to be seen if the civil authorities in the departments at large be equally obedient. On this point opinions are much divided as, on the one hand, the people are apathetic and indifferent as to how or by whom they are ruled, while, on the other, the interests of the departments is federation, and the country, if it can be moved to anything, it will be by the desire of obtaining that. Some well- informed persons, therefore, contend that the revolution is not yet over, and that though Paredes may hold the capital, his power is but nominal in the departments. It is also hinted that the persons who assisted the movement in Mexico, and whom he has sent to the right about, are quite capable of cutting back Santa Anna and opposing the influence of that once popular name to the prestige of Paredes. I place very little reliance on the valour of the depart- I ments, or of the power of the Santa Anna party ; but I give these statements for the purpose of showing the many difficulties that he in the way of the would-be regenerator of his country, I The probability of war between Mexico and the United States it also a serious impediment to Paredes. Unfortunately for him he has made the willingness to treat with the States a main cause of complaint against the Government of Heuern, and he it almost pledged to commence hostilities ; but if he does so, what will be the result? Why-without speaking of the long odds against Mexico in such a con- test-the very General who may be placed at the head of a sufficient army marching on Texas will probably pronounce against the Government, BE almost every general officer in the Republic does who commands a large body of troops; and if Paredes weakens the capital, the Federalists will take advantage of the fact to get up what they call a popular movement. War with the States in the stumbling-block of Mexico, against which even Paredes has contrived to run his head. In his address to the army he insists on the necessity of at once marching against the usurpers of Texas and General Valencia, the ad interim President of a day, by way of giving his helping hand to mischief, declares that the presence of the American Minister, Mr. Slidell, in the capital, as an insult to the republic. I am greatly mistaken if the Cabinet of Washington will hear with patience the refusal to receive its Minister, the avowed purpose of Paredes to march on Texas, and the insulting language of General Valencia so that I look upon War as imminent, and I hourly expect to hear of the declara- tion of a blockade, and the occupation of Matamoros. The great blunder committed by Paredes is this anti-American manifestation, as time and tranquillity are essential to him for the rectification of the enormous and numerous abuses that prevail here in every department of state. I am told he is bent on the task, and none but i a bold and honest man like him can effect it. I am not able to specify all the abuses that exist, or the various shifts by which the public revenue to turned away from the public service ; but I can give a short statement, to I show how easily . good result can be obtained by a Mian determined to secure it. For instance, the whole revenue of Mexico, customs, Excise, and taxation, amounts to £4,500,000, whilst the whole expenditure of a sufficient army, a Government Administration, and suitable tribunals, could be covered by i.3,000,000, and leave £1,500,000 to meet the interest of the home and foreign debt. I take the revenue as it now stands, but a reduction of prohibitory duties, the doing away with inland custom- houses, and breaking down monopolies, would give £3,500,000 more, and augment the net revenue to £8,000,000, from which, if we deduct the £3,000,000, all sufficient for the ordinary expenditure, we shall have an absolute surplus of £5,000,000 sterling Will it be believed in the face of these figures, which, by the way, are not in the least exaggerated, that out of the revenue at present raised, not £2,000,000 reach the Treasury, the rest being consumed by robbers, money agents, usury, and every species of corruption, and that the estimate of the standing army alone is £4,000 000 Yes, for the Mexican army, which counts 30,000 officers to 20,000 soldiers, and in which, of general officers alone, there are, I believe, 500. The facts so plain in Mexican finance, stripped of the various disguises which corruption has raised about it, that an honest Commander in-Chief, and a good bank clerk as Minister of Finance, would make it one of the most flourishing treasuries in the world. President Herrera had not the courage to venture on the broad road of reform, and, therefore, it is fortunate that hit milk-and- water Government is at an endorser Paredes is the man to do it, and, if he be not outmanoeuvred by the in- triggers of Mexico, he will It is with the hope of seeing a result so favourable to British holders of Meuco stock, that I have evinced - perhaps for a Briton-too great on inclination to the unconstitutional proceeding of Paredes But, of what use are forms when the i substance is rotten, and what great moral revolution has ever been effected without the prominent agency of one distinguished man I do not know Paredes personally, and I hear many faults attributed to him which are inconsistent with true greatness, but I am struck by his integrity, which is unimpeach- able, and his abnegation of power at a moment when he is the master of the whole country and may dispose of its wealth and dominion as he pleases Berrima, the late Ministers, and the Commander-in-Chief, made a most ignoble termina- tion of their career It is true they had treason in the camp, and that their apparently most violent partisans were wishing secretly for Paredes , but their inefficient measures almost invited treason, and I cannot learn any thing they did during the fifteen days of preparation but expend money on ridiculous f irtihcationB that would not have held out five minutes Had they one smart man among them, they might have cutoff Paredes, when he advanced within ten leagues of the city with only 400 horse, leaving the men and wanted of his troops , two days' march behind him. The Senate and the Chamber of Deputies gave up the ghost in the same manner After all their protests, not a member was to be found at the hour of danger. In truth, the apathy of the Government invited defection, and no one seemed inclined to help those who would not help themselves It is truly ridiculous to see the walls of Mexico still placarded with enthusiastic manifesto against Paredes, and to observe the men who signed them foremost in the conqueror's suite But here there is no feeling when politics are concerned, and every one applauds the man who turns round at the proper moment. 'The officer sent by Herrera to summon Paredes to an immediate surrender under pain of death, travelled with Paredes in his carriage one or two stages, and I have no doubt he would bear a similar message to the former president from his new master to-morrow. Heaven help the country where there is no political principle, and no political shame I must say that Herrera maintained his personal dignity to the last, and that, though fallen, he is as much respected at before. The 1 following is the address he published on abdicating the presidency - Fellow countrjmeil,-Raised to the supreme li ngia tracy of the republic, by the free and unanimous vote of the people, I have fulfilled the programme of administration exhumed by me solemnly before the Congress on the 10th of September last Persuaded that the ob- ser- valley of constitutional order is the only means of so. curing the peace and felicity of a nation, I have heard his performed that duty, and true to mv oaths, I have fallows is no other guide in my administration, but the exact fulfilment of the laws I promoted all the useful reforms which I submitted to Congress of r examination I enforced economy, and a careful collection of the pub The revenue Ircsptctcd the independence of judicial authority and in a word, I bestowed on all classes of society the same protect! in All the acts of my ad. ministration are before you, and am satisfied that the man in Hill not accuse them of injustice or illegality The army of reserve, commanded by General Paredes, proclaimed in Sin I was Potosi a plan destructive of our national institutions He In tB been seconded by fractions of the army in other places, but the chu authorities in all the places whence accounts that. e been received, with the exception of San Luis, hate declared solemnly against him, and adhered to the established order of things The Government lost no time in taking measures to place the capital in a state of defence, but this morning the garrison of Mexico has proclaimed a plan somewhat different from that of General Paredes, and all having deserted it, the most eminent is left without the means of resistance Therefore, and not wishing that any person should sort of as the pretext for the shedding of Mexican blood, or for injury to the fortunes of our fellow citizen?, I have sent to the Chamber the formal resignation of the supreme command I separate my self from it, protesting at the same time in face of the nation against both these plans, and against all others that de range constitutional order. The consequences of civil war shall not weight against the Government, as it is no manner prof oked them I leave the nation to judge of the acts of you fellow citizen, JOSE JOAQUIN DE GUERRERO Mexico, tOth December, 1845 I must not omit at the same time to give you the address published by Paredes yesterday on taking the city. It is as follows - Soldiers-I congratulate you that, without evasion of blood, you have consummated the great work which your enthusiasm commented at San Luis, and I have the satisfaction to take you in the capital of the republic Soldiers you have performed a sacred duty In uniting cordially to save the country from the evils of maize by the nation admires, and will soon recognise the services you have done it Your generals and officers are now arranging the political principles ado ted In San Luis, in order that the vacuum [responsibly lift out of respect for public opinion, and due regard to the rights of the people, shall be made privately filled up Mexicans-In leading the army to the capital I have no other view but the good of the country I offer you all guarantee of society until a Junta, named in the most popular manner, shall appoint the ad interim Government, charged to watch over your interests, and to convoke the extraordinary congress which is given to the nation to constitute and secure its fa city I Mexicans-I entreat you to wait with that patience worthy of true republicans, and to place full confidence in the thief of any army which offers all the guarantees of order and peace MARIANO PAREDES Mexico January 2, 1849 the intentions of General Paredes are well known but some mystery hangs over those of the heads of the church and several leading personages who have been working for some time past on her behalf It is said they are determined on converting Mexico into a monarchy, and that one of the Royal family of Spain is to have the offer of the Crown The peace of the day has not been disturbed for a moment, and so anxious are the people to give in their adhesion to Paredes, that I saw the chiefs of many noble families, senators, and deputies, who, a few days since, signed formal protests against him, this day going in grand toilette to a levee he held at his private house. the American Minister has not yet left us, as a military escort all the way to Jalapa can- not be arranged We are most uneasy on the subject of Mexican affairs, and I have every reason to dread an immediate blockade of the Gulf ports, it not the taking of Mata- more. It is said that Pcubla pronounces for federa- tion, and that the people are armed. 'The Congress is dissolved. 