ADELAIDE RACES. First Day, Thursday 1st January. Wednesday had been very h<»t, but a thunderstorm in the evening: accompanied by a little rain, cleared the air, and Thursduv promised to be a beautiful day Towards noon, however, the wind roBe, and soon after it became very dusty The company was less numer ous from this circumstance than it might otherwise have, been; there was a great number nf horsemen, but very few vehicles, and not many ladies. The grand stand was far from being full, but the Bellevue and some others were crowded. So far from wondering at so few ladies being present, we were only surprised to see any, for a more dirty, du«ty, miserable day there has hardly beeu in South Australia; it was something, like that on which the New Port was opened Grandmamma says " The weather was de lightful " From that and some two or three other little things in her report* we think it must have been wiitieu beforehand His xcellency arrived at a little after one His reception was the most chilling thing in the u»rd Mats were raised in profotinl silence, but there was not so much as the ghost of a cheer. It mu«t have been something like the reception of the Emperor of Russia at Hyde Pa k and at Ascot The authority to which we have referred savs he was '* i udly cheered." It is silly for a man to go nut ot his way to make a mis-statement, it can do no good, and is sure to he contradicted—which empnasises a fact he wishes to conceal. As his Excellency, left, t»o or three of the police endeavoured to get up a cheer, but they did not su -ceed. Almost immediately af<er his Excellency's arrival the horses were plar <1 for The Maiden Stake* —Two guineas entrance, with thirty guineas added For maiden h >rses dropped in the colony. Once round and a distance—the second horse 11 save his stake* The winner to pay five guineas to the Fund. Mr Malcolm's c.f. Minna 1 Mr Clarke's b.g Young jack 2 Mr Hu'chinsnn's h c. Bread and Milk 3 Mr llani'iti's c.g The Thistle 4 Mr Shayle's eg Will Watch 5 The start was excellent, hut Minna iminedia el> ran awav from 'he lot and won easily. The Town Plate.—Five guinea entrance, with fifty guineas added For horses of every denomination. Heat-. 2 miles The winner to pay five guineas to the Fund Mr Malcolm's b.g. Gift. (Mr Hallack)... 1 1 Mr Shayle's br.ra. Matilda, (Mr C. Fisher) 4 3 Mr J»hn James's b.g. CEdipus. (owner).., dis. Mr Coutts's b.g. Rienzi, (Sims) 3 2 Mr Robinson's b.g. Gimcrack, (Mill-) ... 2 dr In the firs* heat the Gift took the start two lengths, bu< in pa-sing the winning post was held in,still keeping th" lea I .with he others close up n him. When about half r.iuml, (Edipvs who was miming fourth, swerved from the whip, >nd went indde <he p»-t He turned and tried hard - to save his ili- taitce, hut could not succeed The Gift c-nne in easily without whip or spur In the -eoood heat only Gift. Rienzi 'and the mare started, Gimcrack i >g him- elf, we presume, for the Ladies' Purse. Gift ag in jumped ff with the lead, which lie kept througnou., although Rienzi made strong p ay to head him. i he mare was admirably ridden, but could not do mu<-h a d Gift again won ea-ily. The Hack Slakes -For mura ue l It -.fees. Twogui naas entrance with iiheen guinms add.d. Heats, once round and a distance. Ca'cli weights Post entrance. The winner to pay two guineas to the Fund. Mr l.a b's g g Bother em I 3 1 Mr Metcalfe's u m- Gulnare 2 12 Mr Robin ton's h.g. Cobbler 3 2 0 Tne foil .wing also started Mr Bu<i's b.g. Little Peter, Mr Formby's h g Tulip Mr Po ell's blk g Btacklock. In the first hear Bolherem won easy, Gulnare was a good second, the rest nowhere. In the second, Gulnare won hard with whip and spur. Cobbler close upon her quarter, with Botherem a good third. The third heat was the best race of the day Strong play between Bolherem and Gulnare the former win ning hard by half-a-neck.the rest oowhere. 