SPECTATOR'S LIBRARY. Abating Wtfi foeliJoettssgcs. Few among our living poetesses enjoy \a more widely extended , or better" deserved popularity ' than MISS ELIZA-GOO&, . although' as yet, she hes prmcipally brought her elegant productipns before the public through the medium of the London periodicals". We have, on different occasions, presented to our readers pieces from the pen of this lady, most generally in a pathetic, sometimes even in a melancholy tone. The following highly imaginative poem cannot fail, we think, to afford pleasure in its perusal. Among our readers of the fair sex we fee! confident of its finding favor. THE CURL; There's a curl that beauty clusters, ' Thefe's a curl that grace arrays, It mocketh all the lustres Of your laurels, palms, and bays. . The forehead where it lietb, Rarely holds a deeper thought Than of where the blue moth flieth, And of how it taay be. caught. 5 The bright head' where it beameth Rolls o'er the, daisied 'earth, With a heart-filled laugh, that sepmeth Like the trumpet call of Mirth. It glitters fresh and purely, Like the sea-shell, fathoms low ; 'Tis the only gem that surely Addeth halo to the brow. H uraming-birds wjien r es ting On the citron green ; Stars the night-cloud cresting, Ere the moon Is seen. Dew-drops in thedingle, Noon-lit harvest shocks, Foam upon the shingle, Ye are dimm'd by childhood's locks. Oh, manhood's kbightly feather, And womanhood's rich pearl, Ye would not weigh together, Against childhood's golden curl. There's a curl of hitter sadness, That is found when peace and gladness Have departed ; When the world hath made the bosom; Like a canker-eaten blOssom, Leper-hearted. 'Tis the curl that seems to borrow All its strength from hate and sorrow, , Pain and scorn; Leaving the lip' it liftdih, Cold as the snow that driftetli On the thorn. That dark qurl Over tusneth, As the coiling adcfevyeahetli t To its prey; ' Lik that adder ever shedding Fear round the footstep treading On its way. Oh ! a fearful thing toi gaze on, is the scathing curl that plays on Human lips; Fierce as the lightning flashes, Sharp as the gore-soaked lashes. Of men's whips, There's a red curl bursting in terrible form, By the mast that stood up in the longest storm ; Onward shooteth the ringlet flake, Nor asketh, nor beedeth, the way it shall take ; And it turns, and it tvrines, while its' fork' d tongue shines, With a thirst that'the great deep cannot slake, ' Round and round is the wild trees wound, Till frightfully fast is the pine tree bound ; It hisses and sings where the life-boat swings, » It roars and it rushes, it climbs and it clings . From the hull to the spars, and blackens andcliars 1 With its waving grace and circling rings. It leapeth within the teinples of earth, Ljke demon furies in revelling mirth ; It graispeth the column' with crushing might, It fillefh the porch with purple lights- It wrappeth itself in the silken fold, It dartetli about the woven gold ;' It cracketli the dome-span o f marble and oak, And rushes on high with its crest of smoke ; It painteth the laud with a ghastly dye, It'fiingeth a bjood-stain Over the sky. Oh ! a terrible, thing in the still dark hour, 14 the fire curl wielding it ruthless power. The salt wave curls as it hurrieth fast, At the flood, of the tide in the fade of the blast ; It tears and it trolls in bold bright scrolls, As the artist will of a God controls; It beatefth and biftdeth the light-house top, It formeth a perch where the loud gulls drop. - Over the coral reef, leaping and light, It dances in robes of bridal white ; As fair teeth show in a red-lipped smile, Over the wrecking breast bf guile ; And, the water curl spreadeth its fringe on the land,3 A banner of might in a mightier hand. There's a glossy curl that groweth, In fullest, greenest length, - When the summer sunbeam glowetlj ' In straighrunshadowed strength. Far in other climes.it springeth, To our own dear walls it clingeth ; O'er the lowly porch- seat creeping, Through the wiridow lattice peeping; : In uncultured beauty trailing, O'er the garden's old grey paling. Low it dangles, high it soars, . . . Where all can, pluck, and none can scratch, Hanging. round white cottage doors, And treUicing the latch. Up the chimney turret sprawling. O'er the farthest gable crawling, Soft and lovingly it pryeth, Into every mossy patch, , Where the honeysuckle lieth, With the houseleek on the thatch, ' Shadowing the road -side dwelling, .Gracefully it turns and twists O'er the purple bunches . swelling, .Young Pomona's amethysts. Oh ! a sweet and sunny thing, Is the Vine Curl, onjy coming When roses breathe and wild birds sing, And nature tubes her own rich string Within the heart, and sets it humming. And there's another glossy Curl that wanders where it will; But rarely on the cottage .porch, or round the cottage sill ; A darker tinge is on its leaf, it seeketh darker homes, And bravely stareth at the clouds when frowning Winter comes. The tottering heap within its grasp is closely held together, The proud tree stands within its thrall like wild horse in a tether : (t climbeth where the ruffled awl chimes with the midnight gust, And hears them sing, in doeful wail, the song of ' dust to dust.' Where the Gothic pane has been, There it stretches— there it tangles With its drapery, between Dropping arch and broken angles. The granite pile is softly cracking, The topmost ridge is grey and boary, And walls that stood the siege and sacking, Stand up like, flitting ghosts pf.Glpry. The port-mouthed parapet is shattered, The giant column fallen low, The buttress — firm when can non- batter 'd— Shakes now when merry wind-horns blow, Bit by bit fhe ruin crumbles Bat and lizard there abiding, And the callow raven tumbles, From the loop-hole of his hiding ; There old Time is blithely sitting, In the finest of his dresses, And while his wrinkled brow is knitting, He hides it with his Ivy tresses. Base and battlement were strong, But passing moments have been stronger, Stone and stancheon lasted long, But'the Ivy Curl lasts longer, N o frost below, no storms above, fhe Ivy from its home can part, It leanetli like a woman's love, Towards a cold, ungrateful heart. Green whep arm'd with icy spear, Green when deck'd with dewy pearl, A pleasant pall to. hide a bier, ,1s the glossy Ivy Curl, I t1 forms an honest epitaph , Where ashes of h nation spread, Mark it who will,. it; needs no skill, 'Tis plainly writ and plainly read. The stately robes— the blazoned crown— The scroll of right— the sword of truth — The triumph shoutA' fhat strive to drown God's own deep whisper tones of truth. Oh ! who would struggle Life away, Amid these hollow things of clay ? Who would be panting in the race, That endeth in such lowly place ? The Fast, the Past— we blend the name With fever'd tales of glaring Fame ; . But seek the city of the dead, Where mighty millions once were met ; Where Song inspired and Valour bled, And Fortune's longest watch was set. There shall the Spirit fold its wings, Chafed in Ambition's swooping whirl, Smile at the nothingness of Kings, And bless the peaceful Ivy CurJ. 