.li ýril ýig0L unta -(From the:Frc maan',s JournaZ.) a. *At the ban fike e(bit y i3 ý Uli'o've club In Feb- it iuary last,.ttib follor?ing beautifulspeechs, prefacing a the toasts. "The oratorsof -Ireland'," and " the ad an di' i Fli' idi iJriidlc/e' :%n iltiljil by r11,R:t ýTrgddr S t~a 'dl 'Mr. D.i ~i1 i'( rthý,, bitlh 'ffleriSiht oF!'tlHlI-Ntiiinhi'.nAt iAtl r 'Ai;ciation of -14'n' i tlfPtiei t*t i rsatl isdtý HikrYstl anrtg eh es ing, and said--Mr. Vice-Pi; ne.'t? ifr5? When appointed by the committee 9~i'?.?g?i lib to 5 respond to the toast of thez'ratitihotf Irelanhd, I 'c deeply. regretted, that the hwonior al 'iflil ?j 'e had T not devolved onp, or eJ0 i difng ?' lh ¶enlkr of L this goeietlbJ butl fidtlAtthesametime.lleatdready compliance was a duty, and from thea performance . of a duty in the ciuse'tk te espoused, 'nriot' even a sense of my own indequae si ll ee it'~ -shrink. It is but too much thcgij csi 1e;.,l h ie present day ',to deery)te)astustalymand ilpthtice of oratory, as., unsui :"to' the Pge? of reibattin andd science; and 'to argue ie? ,?l. f ' ei f common sense In their.xudest,i+atirp.;prp!~9re.ger- y fsti6ive and more 4l?rohing?tli n the most ornate aris o csritiiatlcdeocutlon;o Covined-as-I-am I that a disre lr??ifo g i?le' obt ry'? st ever argue nr oa a en ac+of+tast¢+ut-degeneracy of c ;moral (near, hear.) 1 sUTgiold' E gret ej prevalene efo dh ids i4'i di~lI Vot' clelrly ibiceive that the shaft is aimed;ni'ott that divine power for which the mdstLnAmint'n ut countrymen have l l'rte' airI ilistiiiiglts*ejd l'?liit' at" iii s.ic d - clhmation which some lnsiiis'umaes the shape, with out one particle of the:ibl efi feloquence. The more' preciour ~ii:emf ri g ithe | retti e ,: of aQ ounterfeit. But too. hnianly 'bf ttlie??cldlinin' 'idrceiving that a lofty sentitheaits 6fI 'oatdisi 'bot!h ainiient and mo- 1I ýf&Is;, Wiefgrheifllyt ejlr>sile d its 'fouitle4 jiqriolos and musical cadencesrfalsclyiimagined the magical effectlf their'slidttdAes, to ,have followed' fromin the stru ae t?ad''lI:"'.'lSit-deis¢itu?'d began' to 'regard eloqqeQge ,s ;,f)le sceýsce of words. .1 1 offspring of this error, w .as a rose and .pompous elocution whidjt the A.ad slavei its narro'-mindd cutl tivators was more treguently emi'poye 1to involve falsehooldthdin Stoelttiidate truth-rto .concel mean ness of soul than to express.magnanimity--to flatter the powerf.l than to succo{tr"lthe oppress{e-, to justify tyraanty, than .tq,j.adyqpceefr edqm (he,' Ile~a) i'lhDt-tectid by its mean uses. it has;fallen into t the contemnpt it merited, but in its fall it:h iitslmaken i~tilic reset f6r i'e 'lIighi 'qality 'ittit'iattdakhd the discoviof" tlloe 'blae coinage 'sems to have. lowered the value of 1ho sterli~ng orq. Hodailif' er- I " la"tle chdiradter'of "tilde eloiq?eince how differ. gat4n itsgagqisid li 9o diiyn it t inspiration; -hOw widdy different ,ipits. uses.; " If you hope tl?'ma?dime bts'ti 'isd azi emiinent lecturer of the true ablhi 'ost puaijs*~ ftthe e.ntiments and dis posigonrparticularlyegt~gisite [forttyoptto cultivate t are'4he folltUwing+--the,)ove OpfJu9ticeand der, atd ,indignation. at insilence and' oppretsion ; .the love of li'6i~?l'y and tilh Pi'ahd detestation' of+ friud, meanness, mid' r~ij0rto;(d',1hnag tfliity of spirit, ietl;'bv~i of'lil(rt'y of y:uic'r untrya tuird l the public; zeal for all gr'at5?kid 'iiob"?si's'Qns'nnd reverence for all worthy? lkil'eiee'i' haiaiii teihs"'(hear, hear.)' Here we find the tr'de~meiWt't6f the orator's train \- ',inW ? Al t sM+ f tif'',t',rlystudies , hir?, B,'a"?) after-dinner speech'willanot.,Suffer .·erea;t.pass?ing sketch f''\atlirm " a' ezbelleies? hatt 'marked the ;i f lhiat+ieestig?2 l~ch'e hindeofr 'adiaffection _has''iritunately preestr+ed1 ome inter esting .rJp girOis of, tl :great leders of? that day bat oaf the classic beaut Lof Yelverton and Bushe, the withglrin'u casm of Pluan et, and the manly . eloquence of lo"od,e few records remain. Rival graces nar7: .?¢r. v.?ytrl styles,.but the rich glow of the east is perceptible. thrpugh ill ; and, altliol gh our illustrious countryman,"Edmuud Burke, was the jittt~ll?orbaoeder .chool;:.yet the light `of native n t?'t?+r"'liutn 'dh e depdtls'of his phliilosophy, A { -l t '' ? +11' 7 .+ ,11' 4 ' "i ,'"J :. antd the laimbent fdame of " !rish eoqueee played gracefully sx;gd?h!eq glraesty.m ximsl + the states man. Ths gloribusleka ofea ur .parliamentary free dom was doubtless peculiarly favourable to the devl6ptintef -ilf bur' nationali 6ritokii,'i whichI grew nrild0foltiiedtrl'vithec ulict vi burxiderh':is geni'al ,teUnion wasfite tcircumstanfelPdchih sought t forth in all thie ~leny oit is splendr. ~ iot only were the gr 4.test crqorp;of the. gaster spirits re grevedfor,tha ,jqnp re, but ,the, natinq, stitulatv l 1:,t'esidnahiendingi dgers seemied tunder the in fluence of inspiration, and peec?ses'rno less distin guished byjltlhr '?iondelsive reasoning than, indig 'WKti.?ieiic," ge.1atild like: ,athhfa~"r through the nd (4ims , a: ' A 'eg tet ' etignal lights of our sinking lil.i..,,k.ley: qp pdled a flame of freedom in the~,watiop's-i? ind,. which. tluf vestal spirit of succedlrig.¶iitriots has since watched, and whioh thei life i utdent bf the ls t iribt's heart can -=.1?~/pie ?'t~ln? " ?jt·:~ ~ rii' d, if in this anotlbeforaei youlnptlie:tle qern oftourlown day, on whom the mantle of Irish otadtty has gracefull claims on your.sid elratien or fr toplace them "n e,~sproirio 'the bralkest± characters ,tf,,.-,,ormer ages. "Iot, m,.+.ttl,;.tinlph,++ eulogy-has not arrived,--Much have- they done-for their cb8ntruywkmtsh 1imae:is;bforrthemUl/. Their 'eloqtlence, witi angel -wiag-f as desaended into thei waters of Iriielagpl'esitanp t cr qeM the salutary IWithithie lewerasof tbhelsratotry, +thlae:avedeco '-at&l; tie altaof;:libert :uritiltlhu soul df,'ai'ardent 'aanllilf prbinise~.:'Then:.will-be. the .momentl of triumph, when 'thleir tmnkit~'vill \ e'abltiiideilq not in the feeble accents-of-ndividual praise, but in the grteful .lzsn f ?f;ileri~i?di iation. I give you - .0 I.1 '': J' c : on" " .nTae1rpt rstpf rclan , '.J chri ng).4ir President a( 'jbilf'i?b?t i"i"iil tlie"niny subjects of interest to which 6t d have done honour on the {t.rt?aoliu ',?Iedb]psltlrercli3 ndion'ie of freater importance, one more ualcolated to advance thie in terests of the cdoiidt h,'tid M ~i'ihiiducive to general' nnd4ihdivitdual hlmplnessurltlha the? esitbjecifoft;.ir literature.dl,? . 'nmyI mhid Sir;i!hbei'the' treliion literature (hear, hliear. If the former realises to the eye of .fY ili tle wodro th i isibIe world, 'tires pa pali tu smesc uy povin r ant il.,in.us,'i:. , t?.ltte r " i"edl ato .itscislstanceiby of hitnelT fa ithidnt?n?itriltd IS 'e ait thtn reation inIf tho une st thi srwodsldn.i h:lrnhl i n he u, us a lrk siniill ni+ f ''?sut)Je?j.em ori hear'it:! riondt Irdthil & hg".ihlht6r1 df'Iloiy fi ani of gigeatne sstovSirelee. ieJr's?e"l Jie ff"& sf Isof oelin'ds 'sad t (t 'i?l'?li li?i ?i sumed l i ii a r s P ,9C f i'ble 'ei it i iji It *Athensainº'ose; aclityisuchias:visiqn '!t',. atr : iuilds:froni the purplb ergasandsulver towers, , ,?Of, lattlehnehted:cliiud jasii derisidii :: 1. 1. yr Of kindliestmasonry).¶'::. .* , ,,.' 1 -! .'. I 'was lint arealization hAil ea etilliien't'oft lio principles pfrnagnece and,ý ?osanim? a u tilhsepjians of "the sublime arlhitects.lyicl?,islji songs had "rendered: familiar to tall G reecc' (lold a cheering) Let 'us look'nearer 'Iionie lIt us lboi:t i b ngland,' Of tie countless millions of limai hejugs J, ,o , Jaye ijpiabited that country from t'se < creation to the pi4e~ntliol- ir?,whiatdneanitbnissihglith li "?rorº Mit Use towdas sitl reaterl treasure anrl itsfi grpeas eup--nbm"-- iefame an grpatlqss off mt'Q, -Englanidwould notharter !for her sannyIndias~r pg,-shpse~looftybProw i 'aoth sear,.theround sand top of sovereigity" ' laingg6T asilling subj:etis idhose': terri6i ',|tt, ex andi ,; i yer ,point rouni ' ien top'it lap.ngwalls of(Thle,world.'! :And yet 'le ras,orsorme,.thiityriears df uliutn'n life btitthe i -bfilayer of Stratfold? iTlied striliag Ima ger of 'hle Gloibb (tile (lobe -prophetic. name !) who9 ?t9m theexhaustless:riches of.his mind drew some thirty-five piecesoficdunitles value and fliigi~g teieim ethaelessly into, tihe treasuity of human intellect, to upply thl??e wantsof thl ?oming ages, he retired to his native town, pnd the companions of his boyhood, l, andllived'witli tihem as friiid anil a brother and ii yet this strolling G?lekba~lad-inger, and this, stroll is'g ;$iglis layer, are the.greatest boast of their s' reppective:countries: . . ;. ..Still the' ghost of Homer clings ' 'louind Seamnnder's ititst ng prings, 1 .. Atsdoviiibst Shiakpieare?miigl ",, l , Its so in other countries. , C.ervantes,.the ,majiiel soldier, of,, e?panto,. ando Calderon, the secluded 6 priestof Toledo, have:given greater glory and more lasting possessions to SpAini than the conquests of her Cortes or' her Cid -ariid eveIa'" *Wallace wight, p and 131uce the bave,' Have ;done less for the per- I maorent fame and greatness of Scotlandi thanthie songs of-her peasant- Burns, aii thle romance and chivalry of lier Scott (hear, and cheers). "and Ireland !" to, use..tlhe language of the French Iis torian,' Michele, ' Ireland !-poor, old, first-born of theCelti 'race-thle Isle of Saints! th'e Enierald Gedm 'f the'sea' all fritfuil Irelands :here' men sr'ing up 'ie glass to thle disrniy of Esgland, on ,wlose ears the cry jars every day-they are a mail lion more !-"the native ,land of 'poets; of bold thinkers, lo;f Jhlian?ies' Erigena, of Berkley, of I Tdland?i-lle coultry of Moore-the cpuntry ;of O'Connell!-a-people of- brilliant speech andrapid i sword, whitch'.still tpreseives, in this, the bld age of .the world, the ,poi, ei d 'thle. iglow' of 'poetty" (hear' lehr). There is one name Sir, that cannot be omitted— a name lately used by us in the fami liar intercourse of life—a name now glorious and sacred, as that of a saint and only mentioned in the hushed pauses of respect, and with the trembling tones of admiration—the illustrious name of Thomas Davis ! When I think of the last time that I sat in this rooin —when I thlink of the bright glow of enthisatm that shone in his earnest face, asd th> r adriration with pwhich ,he gazed, as .that assembly, and listened-to-the glorious-sentiments thAºt ??re then utter'ed klen' L thainI ilhitih a.Lta blosed, and, that hieartioiv oEld'i in deatli, I?msi I feel a grief;' a depression,' anti a despair, a hics 1 y cannot shake off. On the' other hand, wnlie I'e collect the union of parties over his grave, and y lthat greater avainces to fraternization were occa- sioned by his death, than mighat have been gained a by years of labour-when I believe that young as lie was, he hfid alnist fulfilied,l his nimssirithat his a example will befollowed by thse youig men of ireland. and, that ttlo i J.life ,.isich lihe infused into-opr, r literaturs will- not-speedily-perishb-l-cannot-be so e selfish iss td rerie thatl hg receivbrli fr m Heaven one of the choicest blessings it i.s "io bestow- an early grave : ?: . . , " He has outsoared the shadow of her night,. Envy and calumny, and hate,and pain; And that unrest, which men miscall delight, Can touch him not, and torture not again. From the contagion of the world's slow stain He is secure, and now can never mourn A heart grown cold—a head grown grey in vain : Nor when the spirit's self had ceased to burn, With sparkless ashes load an unlamented urn". The literary remains of Davis are the rapid harvests of two or three years. ,They ,hive:all the eteirgy; enthusiasm, and pic tndr'ess of his charactero Ther? may be some f the i perhaps lqss, peict than tle :resi tbut whapatsongst us -shait anunbee' of'.livlglmen could add to1 thldhin-a insle e~'utt '. I{ they 4te m hmyhyrespeet ,ile!?tlve " l aey he comp~ared to~hhe usifinised waiildow lathe palace of Aladdin/vewhich the united stores of allthe jewellers of die utst.e uld: .t iiiakeq ,te t hers) asd i shall vliive econe h ?o1ld not the Barrow or the Bannusabs r:at ,as te ClylJe"' And why ishosld not tie, majestic Shannon, or the i :kl Blck~tr whihial?l", i.i e 'in l'? ' b? a'ty.a it prosper ! , le;every ~ mn untaji?m(shie g--let ever?y valley,'aeid lake, and river, have its legenilkand its ri t·do. Lol' the b~elfhflr c~'of thie' Cbintry b~ illumigated like Undip9l.q with the soul.of poetry: Let-the--spirit tlt- aemne-4into-Eri,-slpeak-et-in-the anCentsof a th?d:siiidit?i?ei-en khecloiuds wll and the world,. t, The tar.of .the west willarriv'e'inr itglor'yt' l iAnd ithe land.that was darkestbetrighthr in i' dtory !"J ....... ,:[ i, ..:' .::. Gntmen, Egeyu, ' Ib.l I " The CAdvaecni eist of Irish ."t raturn'.:,(loud chieers), tAlr-...-1e~e's a health to theo.Tom Moiore. • 5r. A. I'Strtchi; barrister, r -.rI6 the nut toat. U.~.a'.sid-Sir and Brothar,: history tachils us no.truth.more forcibly, itorcoisstiantly din 'tlhi' "*that union is stredoli'fd s li '~reak ness ~he sarillest states by unon a?ve come great and powerful... The most; rehowrtedhrepubIlcs -ilthd most cxtensive empires disunlted hadts di)lined ahd iallh. Greoce with hFr'?ie? tetit and numerically pmltry populatiop wtl od o over came the mighty si'aments of a Ceontinent, because tihe sbns'of Greece -were united 'lirostili's n4:were t o to. ihei' fatherland. The all 'but4i ' rji-wide power ofeimperial Rome . . , 50 i alte -iltnldito i?i, - I S'And, likethebaseless fabric of a viidotiH SLeftnot.arack beklihd;I:. I , i : 1illi : \- lcadso th-'distinctive natlfdilily ofte ie'g n elopfe ?as lost hi their vtasM.ad -llygi ;.tc .ppr i Under the fostering care anr:protection of her ,I imed aid united citizens, Ireland stood ecetc~ nid free in her'justts' p siiisn''amri~s'ig i' c i alsis?, and if ( at'tnlsin of Irbihhearts and Ilshi:lfin 9a amorg eniurrng,.,,?,9 ;?qe!? n9tL n.w I5lyeto lament Sthe liationtalefeat of 1800, aud ounsthi'th ibk would :I rb to ddnd .snot to vonquer caist t?tln (n" echeids). lut ilas ! thi1tbtlid bf our uiicl 't 'si was ulMn us. a' 'ThIe bright prumuise of!iDutusumun was unfulillid foIir ti C tthiais ? lrtbionit;l lioie 'cotit fortiohf oi I Si rilh hoWis thy iffn i id o die \eid' tielinidh n Plb'ta'ist shl d?iev 'i r' ?'hi i idwly 'ti~iuited 'tiei'" ty flihtIisi't Citholic iis= left l(to'pisih bitlate'y;'reuii di1ýd h orw ld'i li' pe' f'il'ferred;in'ire' bitter byf therco i'e fz.t "t~ iiThiat~ al'dcinsiY laenr' fdlloiltl sedi-i ~f 'tieil''ier .'iei?hP - t4ie' *lib 4hid sievr availid'tiseidesi~lP ftlr h £i'4 v is4' iress, uadilsia b)ý TleTh liiticthd' itsWrkit8l thie Pioiteant, iby ti 1 ?in? ,tlift .iil .K lio ifdilidatftld6 frosi ourmovemen fi o tef e tl eristlp o which tiiey ei Iav e e erouQ a di a o atlio lic ascendanc ,an , in constuenP.e of some slis owy ot reigios persecution. Sir," ule, it d tti g gioi; ati ~?l: l t i. p ',iti di sueulri it termeo, t st ardent an boldest oppoets o ictiof ,I'; , gi ' L:+II5lQ vth SuChira all srane y, ouf l boe IounhW among me ctso ascenae uje n the Establls hirch ani ove .out own boo sincerely to su1~ect ler 16 siminar nlue nies.(. (ar hear.) Anuasto perse cut otq they little know rite Catholic t onle of diis country ,alo aprelicnd it evel in their ,lreamp.- esides, the spirilt ofthe ltman. liguri is nota spirit of persecution It is unjust to attru{edmost unjust to ataribiei rhe persecutions -wicn sueeore the Reformation to thsprisrlt otg' Romanismf ' to th+,mostpart they were n~re 1 6iucal. ,Tilathleh ae now all fredlom of conscience':o mhve. relgn of the fifteentlo and sixteenth entusry was the sure ' , . I. ý . 1 - : . 'l. ". :ý , . 1 :'+, ;" , I""1J , , . l, war. Hie persecuted to retain Inispowelr. Wt ro we ýie, e o ..hi , p, i n, l ,..*lit i ",nI, il ..tif !+ iy rint te inclin. d to recramicate, we might, wite mnuch more show of justice, attribute the pe.rseutions sanction by Luther and perpIetuated by ,Calvii to the spiist of Protestantism, tot they declared them to:b a reli gious not a pohitical movement .hear. 'hear).no stead of ransacking the l istory of past generations for materials herei toto founii charge' s againso t ihe present, to apply ourselves to t hristian studies with unpteoudmied aill truth seeking mliiýsn r ~: file Pro testant do so anld ie will rsoon' discover thet tii Roman Catholic church isnot that' a hih o actuates tle ferocious I hihp and ith le mredesaary,.but the mild, and patient, and Christian spirit, Yoic u si tamed comen at the scaffold and directed the dihuine worls of mercy nd charity of St. Vincent do Paul. He ill filnd oinot the spirit of the Roman Catholic reigion suggestedl not fithe revocation of 'the edict of Nantes, but'tiat it iictteii tie athli people of Maryland, the first legislative enac'itmet in' favour I eof perfect freedom of colnscience pon record: We have done with persecution-weLhave done with ascendancy, ~athobic or Protestant. Happ~ irould it be for Ireland could iae'blot alli'ecol'lection of tUieci completely from our memories--could we only re member the men and events en our history,to which we couhl all look Lback with pleasure '(lh ) a r , Si wIe mif-aworkdto' enlisti;'llIrishme isincthle siacri causi men Lare-emenntly qualiied to carry on thisgod a;ork of 'pea cmind cli-ari ai' very aipositle of 'Coii ciliation,' our l lost friend 'and br o: ier, 'lihosti' be.vis. IIt has ?pleased an all-a ise Providence to remote hin from amongst'us-- hle hiaspassed away fromhis (ountryand her strggiei hieit r btt'you his bretliren mee has lefti s'glorios led litage; the xaml j-ierur -1i!s ?ugiifgni- atm ..'tspicacion- o-li-s n 1ail- SFrom' that eari? 'girate ovrit'la'iich you'liave hot b yet tieased to' miouiun', he ?-lls up6n ybii,- he appeals to? your hearts, his a "b/l'jJeaks'to' youkh h: ls exior t you tb go forth among your countrymen, ardent Steachers of conciliation, zealos 'preachers of peaice 1 and good aillamongst all nrismein Sir, and Sbrotlheis, ['give you, `ad ith all :my heart, tlhis sentl l ment-- .::.: i.; The'coubination. of all, Irishmen in; the, cause of'P national freeIlou upo tihe bailisd orfperfect-religiou equHality'' i(cheers). :' A ir- ' The B oayn e.W ter"'+., T, The meeting then separated. u ii n': 'i.;,' . 