ADDRESS OF THE FREE -CHURCH TO THE REV. MESSRS. RONGE, CZERSKY, DR. THEINER, AND OTHER MEMBERS AND FRIENDS OF THE NEW CATH- OLIC CHURCH IN GERMANY. Respected Pastors, — A few other points might, perhaps, be noticed, but these arc the most important. We beg it may be understood we do not charge you or your flocks with holding the views on which we have animadverted thus freely. It is possible that you hold the Articles of the Confession of Faith, on which we have been commenting, in a correct and orthodox sense ; but the language, at least, is open to serious misunderstanding, and the points invol- ved are so important, especially at the starting of a new Catholic Church, that you will forgive our anxiety in pointing out what, is common with all sound evangelical Churches, we believe to be both erroneous and dangerous. It cannot be too frequently or too earnestly pressed upon our minds, that the Word of God, as spiritually discerned, is the only rule of faith and duty ; that it is perfect, so as not to admit of any change or improve- ment with the progress of time : and that the relation of men to the Christian Church, and their separation from it, must be determined by the principles and rules which the Word supplies, and not by notions of human reasons or liber- ty. If God has spoken, we may be sure that his mind admits of being ascer- tained ; and if so, that it is our impera- tive duty to know, believe, and obey it alone. It is this which constitutes the grand distinction between the religion of God and the religions of men — the one is determined by the Inspired Word ; the others, by the mind of men, whether reason or superstition. Rejoicing to learn that, as befits your position, there is a strong desire for the Word of God among your people, and anxious at the same time to testify our solemn conviction, that this is the ex- clusive standard and store-house of divine truth, we shall be glad to aid, in any way which may be deemed most desirable, in furnishing you with copies of the Sacred Volume. Many of our people have already, and for years, contributed to the dissemination of the Scriptures in your native language in the northern parts of Germany ; and nothing would rejoice our hearts more than to put into the hands of all your people, copies of the Word of God, and to call upon them to read, and study, and interpret its pages for themselves — subject to no authority, save a solemn sense of respon- sibility to the Author of the Bible, and bumble and prayerful dependence on the Holy Spirit, to enable them to under- stand and receive the truths and rules revealed. Meanwhile, as a token of our good will, and anxiety to be of spiritual service to you, we have been at the pains to obtain a translation into your language of a brief and popular summary of our religious faith and practice as a Church, of which we beg your acceptance and to which we call your earnest attention — " The Shorter Catechism of the West- minster Assembly of Divines, with Scrip- ture Proofs." We may add that the summary is one in which, with few ex- ceptions, all the branches of the Church of Christ in Scotland, though differing on matters of external order and admin- istration, cordially agree ; and that it constitutes the primary religious instruc- tion which all our Scottish youth receive and which has had an important influence in forming the national character. We cannot doubt that there is very much of it, if not all, in which you will concur. You will observe that it describes the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments as not only a rule (as if there were others but " the only rule to direct us how we may glorify and enjoy God." You will also remark, that it brings prominently forward the doctrine of gratuitous salvation. Permit us, in conclusion, to advert to this as one of the chief peculiarities of divine revelation. The 33rd question asks : " What is Justification !" The answer is : " justification is an act of God's free grace, wherein he pardoneth all our sins, and accepteth us as righteous in his sight, only for the righteousness of Christ, imputed to us, and received faith alone." We have had no oppor- tunity of certainly learning from your publications which have reached this country, whether this be a leading doc- trine of the New German - Catholic Church or not. We earnestly trust that it may be so. We are persuaded that it is a grand doctrine of the Word of God — that it lies at the foundation of many other doctrines, and that it is so important as to give a character to the entire religious system of which it forms a part. We are persuaded that it con- stitutes the leading distinction between the religion of God, and all the religions of men — in other words, between what is true and what is false, in the most important interests of men for time and for eternity. It is the antagonist of Rome at every point. What question can compare for one moment in impor- tance with the question : How a perish- ing sinner may be justified with God ? and what answer can surpass in interest and preciousness the reply, that he is justified — not by works, services, or sacrifices of his own, or of his priest — but by the free mercy of God, through the righteousness of the Lord Jesus Christ the one High Priest, received by faith — that he is pardoned and accepted by God, in a way which lays an immediate foun- dation for peace, and holiness, and joy ? Suffer us to invite your attention, and that of your flocks, with all affection and earnestness, to this great and most im- portant of doctrines. Apart from a correct understanding and cordial recep- tion of it, any abandonment of Rome is a mere lopping oil of a few superfluous branches, while the root and substance of the tree remain the same. What avails it to carry your people out of the Church of Rome, if they are still to expect to be saved in the same way — by their own works in one form or another ? Besides, men standing on the same foun- dation with Rome, will have a strong tendency, when tempted, to return to her communion. They have, after all, made no real change. There is one feature in your writings which have reached us, with which we have been much struck, and in which we need scarcely add that we cordially sympathize. We mean your hatred of oppression, and your love of liberty and freedom. It is a precious boon — valuable in itself and valuable in its bearing upon every thing else. Like health, its value can scarcely be exag- gerated. The kingdom of Christ is indeed the freest kingdom on earth. But permit us to remind you, that there are few, if any, religious doctrines, which so immediately affect it, at the doctrine of salvation by free grace without works. That doctrine in the highest interests of man, sets him completely free from the thraldom of his fellows — from the positions of the Church of Rome. It brings salvation to him at once, and directly from God ; and its sense and benefits are kept alive by the free, prayer- ful, and perpetual use of the Holy Scrip- tures — at once the sign and the instru- ment of religious freedom. On every occasion then — for your own sakes, and for the sakes of those who are to arise after you — from the value of the doctrine in itself, and in the consequences upon other doctrines — from its influeuce on general religious liberty — let us encourage you to study well the great doctrine of gratuitous salvation — to be familiarly and experimentally acquainted with it — to give it the pre-eminence in your teaching which it possesses in the Word of God, and never to forget that it lies at the foundation of all real and per- manent reformation in the Christian Church. Ecclesiastical tyranny on the one hand, and the enthusiastic love of freedom on the other, the applause, too, of men, may lead for a time to important religious changes ; but all history pro- claims that it is only where this central truth of divine revelation is understood and propagated, that the individual soul can be blessed with peace and purity, and that the reform of the collective Church can be permanent and truly worthy of a sacrifice. If the doctrine of salvation by the free grace of God, without works or deeds of law be to important, the founda- tions upon which this doctrine proceeds, and the other truths which are essential to its success, cannot be less precious, such as the divinity of the Son, and the Deity and personality of the Holy Spirit. The Church of Rome and some Protestants unworthy of the name, may neutralize or deny these glorious doctrines — the one by raising a creature to the rank of a divine Redeemer — the other by rejecting the divinity of the Son altogether ; but those who bow to the supremacy of the Word, know from its testimony, as well as their own experi- ence, that it is only on the ground of a divine atonement having been rendered, that a free salvation can be offered ; and that such are the depravity and moral weakness of man, after all, that nothing short of the grace of a divine agent, even the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Godhead, can persuade the sinner to accept of the gratuitous salvation which has been provided, or to walk forward in the way of a holy and joyful obedi- ence. In conclusion permit us to offer our earnest hope, that while you abandon the false doctrine of Rome, are kept from the false doctrine of many bearing the Protestant name, you will also be deli- vered yourselves, and contrive, by God's grace, to deliver your flocks, from the corrupt practices of the world, sunk in slothfulness and sin. There must be a correct evangelical creed, in order to scripturally mortal conduct and practice. But there may be a correct creed without a correspondingly correct deportment ; and therefore, do we beseech you, for your own sakes, and for the sakes of your people, but especially for the honour of divine truth before men, that you be separated from every evil work, from all unlawful compliances with the spirit and course of the world, yea, that your adorn the doctrine of Christ, so that no enemy shall have it in his power to say that your separation from Rome was dictated by a desire to escape from the restraint of self denial, and to live as your pleased in carelessness and sin. You cannot be ignorant that the great mass of men judge of a religious system, and of a Christian Church by the moral and spiritual character of its supporters. They have no other mode of judgment. May the character of the office bearers and members of the New Catholic Church be so noted for nonconformity to the world — for purity, humility, gentle- ness, loyalty, benignity, that all specta- tors shall be constrained to draw the inference that you belong to the school and family of Jesus. We, as a Commit- tee of the Free Church of Scotland shall be delighted to hear from you by letter, or should any of your number visit our country, to show you every Christian kindness in person. Meanwhile, we pray that, proceeding on the exclusive authority of the word of God, you may know and teach the doctrines to which we have referred more and more, and rejoice in their preciousness. We also pray that you may be the instruments of making them known yet more and more extensively that you may be guided in all your perplexities and sustained in all your difficulties by the grace of God and the Spirit, and that you may be the honoured instruments in his hands of rearing a temple dedicated to Jehovah, destined never to past away. John G. Lorimer, Convener. Edinburgh, July, 1845. 