REV. DR. PUSEY'S SERMON AT OXFORD. On Sunday last the Rev. Dr. Pusey preached at [Christ Church Cathedral his first sermon here since his suspension by the University in) 1843, and tbe interest which the occasion excited, and the expec tations it gave riBe to, were unprecedented. The attempt which failed on tbe part of some of tlie Members of the University to induce tbe Vice-Chancellor to prohibit Dr. PuBey from again preaching, although his term of suspension hud expired, consi derably enhanced the interest and excite ment of the occasion. By many it was an ticipated that it would be Dr. Pusey's lust appearance in tbe pulpit, and that this would be his farewell sermon, previous to his following in tbe footsteps of many of bis intimate associates, and joining the Romish Church; while others surmised that bis Bermon would be so dexterously worded as to keep within the pale, and escape a condemnation similar to that passed by the University in 1843. At ten o'clock the door was opened, and the rush was terrific, the whole scene resembled more the struggle for admission to a theatre than to a sacred edifice. In a few minutes every part of the Cathedral was filed, and when the Vice-Chancellor and tbe Heads of Houses, preceded by the University Bedels, arrived, they found it no easy task to force a passage through a body of people so com pact, and almost as closely packed as wood pavement. Dr. Pusey accompanied the procession, proceeding to the pulpit with aspect grave and down-cast eyes, and, on reaching it, was loBt sight of for some tine owing to his kneeling on the floor for his private devotious during tbe singing of the Psalm. It was expected, that in conse quence of Dr. Pusey being of a weakly constitution, that be would betray some degree of nervousness, but this impression was soon effaced, for he commenced his discourse with calmness and much firmness, which increased as he proceeded. The subject of discourse was ' the power of tbe keys,' the text being John xx., v. 23. ' Whose soever sins ye remit, they are re mitted, &c.;&c.;' The discourse was charac terised by frequent bursts of eloquence, which he poured forth iu a solemn and impressive tone, that gave them additional force and influence. The Rev. Gentleman, in commencing his discourse, stated that it would be in the recollection of most of his hearers that, three years since, he was deprived, doubt-, less by the intervention of Almighty God,' for wise purposes, of one of the chief pri vileges iu common with the office he held. At the time that erent occurred, he was endeavouring, to the best of bis ability, to demonstrate to them the mercies of God to repentant sinners, and to assure all such of the privileges that were in store for them, that they should hereafter sit at the right hand of God in heaven. With respect to (iod's gifts to man, he (Dr. Pusey) spoke first on the occasion to which he had alluded, of the Eucharist, and now he would direct attention to the power of the ' Keys' a subject which he trusted would give rise to no dispute, as neither on this occasion nor on any other, had he desired to speak controversially on these great subjects. The power of the Keys was, he feared, an unfamiliar subject, and might perhaps be considered ' unaccustomed preaching.' He bad dwelt on the holy Eucharist as a commemorative sacrifice, as by it our sin ful bodies were, by the grace of our Saviour, united to His who was sacrificed for man's transgressions. God had given power to tbe priesthood to remit the sins of the peni tent. It was an authority directly from God, as were that of baptism, that of teach ing, that of consecrating, and other gifts. These were deputed to his Ministers, wbo were not instead of, but of Christ, who worked in every member of his mystical body that which he commanded to be done. The Rev. Gentleman here read lengthened extracts from St. Andrew, St. Cbrysostom, St. Augustine, and Origen on tbe power of 'the Keys,' with a view to prove that sound opinions on the subject have pre vailed from the earliest era of the Church until now. In this every member of tbe Cburcb must agree ; indeed, their acts of devotion bore testimony to it. It was on account of its efficacy that in tbe Church service the absolution preceded even the Lord's Prayer; for wben the sentence of absolution was passed, prayer became no much the more efficacious. Almighty God had given to his Ministers authority not only to declare, but to pronounce to his people absolution and remission of their sins. Now, ' pronouncing' was an autho ritative act, and amounted to much more than a mere declaration. Such was the solemn form of absolution entrusted to the priesthoood : and as tbe penitence of the sinner became deeper as the pressure of guilt became heavier on his conscience, he became more sensible of the value of those words, which, if not authoritative, were blasphemy,— 'Receive ye tbe Holy Ghost; wbosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whosoever eitiB ye retain, they are retained unto them.' There could not be in this any more than in other partB of our Cburcb discipline, an attempt lo shut out any from our communion, for from that communion none were shut out who did not voluntarily exclude themselves. The Clergy were not, as he had stated, to mail for them, but to move them to confession, and then, if they repeated of their sins, to absolve them, in accordance with tbe au thority committed to them. That authority was conveyed to tlte clergy of tfuc present day to precisely the samc'jxctcnt as it was by the Lord to tlie Apostles in the infancy of Christianity. The power tbe Apostles received had been handed down uninter ruptedly {to the Clergy, their successors. The confession necessary for this absolution was tbe more solemn because it was made, not only in the sight of man, but of God. In bis daily service and communion, or his preparation for it, and when tbe soul was preparing for its last conflict, such assur ances were unspeakably precious. With, what solemnity must tbe penitent on tbe bed of death hear those words— 'By the authority committed to me I absolve tbee from all thy sins 1' On such an occasion all would be solemn stillness, with the ex ception of one, which would declare glad tidingstothedepartingpeuitent. Still there was, in some sense, a more awful view of the question that might be taken, inasmuch as God's Priests bad power not only to absolve — they liad autlwriti/ not only to hose, but to Had— not only to remit, but to retain. Tbis brought him to remark on tbe Commination Service of tbe Church. They (the Clergy connected with the Uni versity of Oxford) would it was to be hoped, have more to do with the penitents who desired to be restored to tbe position tbey formerly occupied, and to regain the favour of God. That favour might be regained by the mercy poured upon the penitent through the power of ' tbe Keys.' This was one ground why so little need be said about the forgiveness of those who had greatly fallen. God had provided for them the means by which they might be restored to his love. In such manner was an earnest of forgiveness conveyed to the penitent. In tbis respect tbe Church was in no doubt ful position. She could give to any who asked her the ground on which her claim rested. The working of miracles was a pledge of the power -he possessed. The lame were made lo walk, the blind received their sight, the palsied were healed, and those who bad been borne down by tlie decrepitude ot sin, were at once relieved. When miracles such as these were per formed, few could hesitatingly ask whence the authority of the Church was derived. Antecedently to this, it wub asked of tbe great founder of our faith ' Who is this tfcat forgiveth sins also 1' In its subsequent history, the Church became the comment on tbe Scripture on which the practice rested. The authority of the Church was declared on three several occasions :— first, to St. Peter, in which tbe power of ' tbe Keys' was given to him ; and twice sub sequently to the Apostles, in precisely tbe same terms. Full of majesty and awe were the terms of this declaration — full of in struction. What meant such declarations? Were tbey terrestrial, or were they from the clouds abovet 'As my father hath rent me, even so send I you.' These were terms of comfort to tbe penitent, for to him they were expresBly sent. The forgiveness promised was absolute and unconditional, as appeared by reference to the original Greek ; and wben a literal translation would stand, the further from tbe letter (as Hooker remarked) was generally tbe worst. The rev. Doctor offered some remarks on the subject of confession, contending lhat,where properly employed, it was of great advan tage to the Church. The above is a brief outline of the doc trinal portions of the rev. Doctors sermon. —Oxford Journal, December. Noble Dabing. — Tbe ship AViambra, from Dublin to Cadiz, being driven by one of the late gales within tbe north-west horn of Carnarvon Bay, her peril became most imminent to every soul on board. A lad, named Owen Sauee, of Cerrig-yr-Ader, in Rboscolint immediately ran out to a pro jecting point for the purpose of making the best signals he could for her to come into a small creek where she could lie in safety. But not succeeding in liia first endeavours, be saw that a very few minutes moire would bring her, in her then course, to total des truction, and that of every Jiving creature on board. . He therefore determined to make one more bold attempt to save her. A small island; detached from the shore by a sound of about 100 yards, offered to him an ad vantageous position far getting nearer to her ; but hew to get there was the d ifficulty, as there was a tremendous sea tumbling W such as no boat could live in had one been at hand; be therefore boldly plunged in, and by the most extraordinary exertions succeeded in gaining tbe island. Here his presence' of mind was remarkable as his intrepidity; When his companions en treated him to take off bis jacket before he made tlie mad attempt, he replied, while plunging in, 'I cannot spare it: it's the only signal I have to hold out.'' lie did providentially succeed, and gaining a high pinnacle, there lie stood with his jacket fluttering in the gate I The people on board having acknowledged that they saw him, he instantly dropped both arms in a manner that was intelligible to tuem,when the ship instantly rounded to and dropped her anchor, and beached ber in a spot 'as quiet as a duck pond,' from whence she was, on the return of moderate weather, taken inlo Holyhead. As yet nothing beyond 'empty praise' has been awarded to tbe noble conduct of Owen Jones, but we believe tbe Angleses Institution have taken up the matter, aud we doubt will bestow some more substantial acknowledge ment of his services.— North Wales Chro nicle. ? A Djsiktbbestbd Lothb.— A band of tbieveB and swindlers, eightin number— five men and three females— were tried last week by the Tribunal of Correctional Police in PariB, on various charges of robbery, prin cipally by the stale, but still frequently successful tricks, called Vol a VAmeriaane. Amongst the charges brought forward was one of haying robbed a widow of theTuermes hear Paris, of a quantity of jewellery, valued at from l.OOOf. to l,20u'f. One of the band, a good-looking fellow, named Privosyhad paid bis addresses to the widow, and the marriage-day wasfixed. Whilst tbe lady and her pretended lover were walking out one day near tlie Arc de Triompbe, a man came up whom Prevost pretended to have known in America. The accomplice, who spoke in broken French, professed to be delighted at the recontre, and insisted on treating the lovers with a dinner at a restaurant. After dining well and pleasantly, the soi-disant American, who pretended to have more money than he knew what to do with, said he wished to purchase some jewellery, but was afraid of beiug taken in by the Paris dealers. Prevost whispered to the widow, and sbe went and fetched the whole of her jewellery, for which tbe rich American agreed to give 50U0f., and handed over two rouleaux, which were said to contain the amount in forty-franc pieces. Prerost ad vised ber to go home and lock up the gold, and then return to him and bis friend, in order to accompany them lo the theatre. She took the advice ; but on reaching home sbe wag anxious to feast ber eyes with a sight of her treasure, and therefore broke open the rouleaux, which sbe found to contain only sous. She ran back quickly totbe restaurant, but by that time Prevost and bis American friend had disappeared, and she ascertained that she had lost a husband as well as her jewellery. Preyost and three of the other men were for this and other offences found guilty, and sentenced to five years impri sonment, and a fine of 30O0f. : another of tbe male prisoners was sentenced to three years imprisonment; two of the females were sentenced to thirteen months impri sonment, and the other was discharged. Campbell and the I&isb; LBOTnmm. — Au Irish gentleman from Dublin, arrived in Glasgow, and applied to the Lord Rector for permission to give a course of lectures on the pure pronunciation of English. He was totally unknown to fame, though he has since risen to a very great literary eminence. The ever good- hearted and kindly-dispoBed Lord Rector, Mr.Campbell, always inclined to reuder services and to care for others, gave his consent without sufficient caution or enquiry. He officially attended the first lecture, in order to give encouragement and inspire confidence in an unbefriended stranger on a difficult un dertaking. The lecture commenced, and even the diguified presence of the Lord Rector could scarcely suppress the laughter of the audieuce. It was impossible to con ceal the general disposition to laugh. Mr. Campbell pitied tbe unsuccessful candidate for fame, and asked him to dinner. The honour of dining with tbe Lord Rector was a balm to his wounded feelings. The com passionate host took a favorable opportunity, after dinner, of reverting to tbe lecture, and said, 'Mr. , nobody can be more anxious than I am to improve tbe rery bad pronunciation of the people of Glasgow and this port of Scotland; but to tell you the truth, I have no idea that your excessirely broad Irish brogue, mixed with tbe equally broad Scotch, can have tbe least tendency to produce pure English.' The lectures were abandoned. This gentleman spoke the broadest Irish I ever heard, and, what is more singular, after a residence of thirty years in England, he spoke with a much worse brogue, if possible, than when he arrived. — Cotburn's Magazine. Affection op Elephants.— I have seen many strong instances of tbe attach ment of brutes to man, but I do not tbink I ever saw that feeling so strongly mani fested as by a very young elephant that was brought to this country. Never was parent more fondly caressed by a child than was the keeper of tbis affectionate creature by bis charge. If he absented himself even for a moment, the little elephant became restless, and if the absence wns continued for a few moments its distress was quite Sainful to the spectator. After trying the ifferent fastenings of its prison with its as yet weak proboscis, it would give vent to the most lamentable pipings, which only ceased when its friend and protector re appeared ; and then how it would run to him, passing its infant trunk round bis neck, his arm, his body, and lay its bead upon his bosom. The poor man bad a weary time of it. He was a dose prisoner, nor was he released at night, even, for he was obliged to sleep by the side of his nursling, which would have pined and died if left by itself, — Colburn's Magazine. Russia and Rome. — In return for tbe magnificent present of a ChriBt of solid gold, a cross of lapis lazuli, aud a crown of dia monds, sent some time ago by tbe Em peror of RusBia to the. Pope, his. Holiness Las conferred upon Russia the relics of St. Nicholas tlie Greater, who ib the patron of that nation'.. A ship of war has been dis patched from Odessa to receive the relics, and convey them in great pomp to St. Fetersburgh. . :...-. LA UN CESTO N.— Printed for the proprietor by Hihet Dowuko, .Printer, of ilristane ?treet, LiuncestoD. nt the Printlnd-offlee of Tht LamxiUm AdxxHtta,\n Brlibane-ureet \- aforeolai .Mid published by the Mid Hum Dowubo, at «he Stationery Wawhoum, in BrfBb»ne-»treet,»fdrmsld.— Thomdat.MiSi 1616. [?] 