LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. We are informed that the long desired postal com- munication with the districts to the north and north east of Lyndoch Valley is how on the point of being established. Tenders for the conveyance of the mails from Gawler Town to Angaston once a week, have already been accepted by the Government;and this great accommodation to the numerous settlements in that populous quarter of the colony will, in all proba- bility, be immediately carried into effect. The localities more directly benefited by the measure are the follow- ing; viz: Lynedoch Valley Special Survey, the Wilt- shire Special Survey, Angas Park, including the villages of Bethany, Langmeile and Tranunda, the Greenock Creek, the Barossa Range, German Pass, Angaston, Flaxman's Valley, and the North and South Rhine. Wheat was quoted yesterday at 6s 6d to 6s 9d per bushel; oats, 5s 6d to 6s 6d ; Cape barley, 3s to 4s; English barley, 4s 6d to 5s,6d; .£ne flour, £1? to£)8 per ton of 2000 lbs., but there is little doing; the 2 lb Ioaf,4d; butter, lOd per lb,; cheese, 9d; eggs, ;0d per dozen; beef, 4d per lb;' mutton, 3|d to 4d; potatoes, £4 to £5 per ton; stesrs and oxen; £4 to £6 lfts; cows, £4 to £5 5s; sheep, 10s to 13s. [From the South Australian Register, 9th September.] We deeply regret the painful duty imposed upon us, namely, that of announcing the intended return of Horrocks's party, in consequence of a distressing, but (it is to be hoped) not fatal accident, which occurred to their bold leader, at or near the head of the second gulf. The report of Lance-Corporal Kenney, who came to town on Monday evening, bringing information that Mr Horrocks's party had reached " Depot. Creek," at the head of Spencer's Gulf, was soon followed by an intima- tion from police constable Melville, to the effect that he had met Mr Burnet on his way towards Mr Hawker's and intending to procure a surgeon who was to meet Mr Horrocks, if possible, at Mr Hawker's farthest station, on the night of the 6th instant, We are unable to obtain any authentic information as to the precise nature of the accident, although several rumours are afloat. It seems, however, to have been occasioned by tbe accidental discharge of a gun whilst in Mr Hor- rocks's hand. The effect is said to be an .extensive injury of the lower jaw; the loss of several teeth, and one of his fingers. The party was on the way back to town, and maybe expected to arrive in about a fortnight. For some considerable time past great annoyance has been experienced by the inhabitants od Adelaide and its vicinities, from the fact of parties who have been em- ployed for the clearing of cesspools and night work, using vehicles totally unfit for the removal of the soil, and even depositing it about the neighbourhood without any discrimination. We feel it our duty to acquaint the public that a proper place for such deposits has been appointed by the police authorities, near the new City Bridge, and the same being indicated, by a notice board, there is no longer any excuse for such offences against decency as those so much complained of The water carriers have, we learn, had a trades' meet- ing, and unanimously resolved to advance the price of water to their customers 50 per cent. . The large room at the Freemasons' Tavern, in which the Hope Lodge of Oddfellows, holds its meeting, was on Monday night brilliantly illuminated with gas, and continue to be so lighted in future, from the works just completed on the premises. On that evening the Rev, W. J. Woodcock and Frederic Bayne, Esq., became members of the Independent Order. It is a remarkable fact that not one of the Members of Council who pass the Bill for rating the; town of Adelaide will be affected by its provisions in any other way than by having better streets to use. The Gover- nor, we presume, claims exemption. Mr Mundy and Mr Smillie live at Kensington; Captain Sturt near the Salt Water Creek; Major O'Halloran at the hill of that ilk; Mr Morphett near the Bay; Captain Bagot at his mine, though we hear he means to build at North Adelaide; and Mr Davenport at Macclesfield. All, therefore, will go scot free. By the Henry from Launceston, one of the Post- office Commissioners (Mr Smith) arrived in the pro- vince, and he will soon be followed by a brother Com- missioner. Their advent has been long expected, and is peculiarly apropos. We hope they will read the Me- morial with all the attention that interesting document deserves. The three Roman Catholic priests (two Italians and a Swiss) who arrived here the other day from Sydney, are not intended for the South Australian Mission, but. are en route to Western Australia. We lately attempted to describe the Gawler Town punt, so ingeniously constructed of bullock's hides, and used for the passage of the river during the state of flood. On Thursday last the said punt was again in re- quisition, and two men embarked; but a speedy capsize awaited them ; and although one, who was a good swimmer, successfully buffeted with the impetuous tor- rent, and effected an independent passage; the other was indebted for his safety to the prompt assistance af- forded, without which he would, in all probability, have ended his "earthly" career in the water. On Sunday morning last, a lady accompanied by her husband, and another gentleman, who were about to attend divine service in the southern division of the city attempted to cross the Torrens from North Adelaide by means of a prostrate tree or log. Each of the gentle- men presented a helping hand, and the husband, who was a good swimmer endeavoured to impart a portion of his own confidence to his spouse, but their friend being no swimmer was seized fwith trepidation, and letting go,the lady's hand she fell into the flood, and would in all probability have been drowned but for the skill and presence of mind of the husband, who plunged in and accomplished his wife's rescue.' It Is said the lady has since become anxious to know when the new foot bridge is to be tendered for. On the 19th August we were enabled to furnish a brief account of a collision between a small overland party and a tribe of blacks on the banks of the River Murray, in which recontre a man belonging to the over- land party was slain. We are enabled more fully to state the particulars. Mr Thomas Johnson, the "one- armed man" formerly mentioned, long resident at Yass, ln New South Wales, and to whom fourteen horses and fifty-one head of cattle of the overland herd belonged, has been kind enough, to furnish us with the following interesting recital. The party of six, including the nar- rator, Henry Jervis, George Jervis, John Jones, George Bridges, and Herbert Elder, were travelling in charge of cattle, horses, and provision dray, belonging to himself and Elder, and bound to Adelaide, when, on the morn- ing of the 27th June, Henry Jervis and George Jervis rode away from the party, and were expected to return in vain all that day and night. On the 28th the reduced party encamped at a place called Mount Dispersion, whence they could hear the sound of an encampment of blacks at some distance off, on the line of march. On the following morning Johnson intimated his desire to George Bridges that they should not proceed until his father-in-law, Henry Jervis, and his brother-in-law, George Jervis, had rejoined them. Bridges said he would not wait, and "hoped they would get a good starving, as they had no business away." They started accordingly, and soon arrived at the blacks' encampment. Four or five natives only were perceptible, and these they passed without speaking to. They travelled three or four miles along the bank of the Murray, followed by the blacks, the river being on one hand, and a thick scrub on the other. On crossing a creek, they stopped for a few minutes to see what the blacks were following them for. In a little time they started again, when the blacks cooeyed, and there arose forty or fifty more from the bank of the river and the creek, making a terrifying roar or shout. Upon this, Elder, Bridges, and Jones took their arms, and stood alongside the dray ; Mr John- son was with the cattle in advance, and all he could see, on looking round, was, that the blacks with their spears and war implements had advanced to within about ten rods, of the dray, where they maintained their terrifying roar without advancing nearer. Mr Johnson walked from the cattle towards the dray ; but before he could reach it Jones had fired a shot, which, however, he said was an accidental one. Bridges having expressed his determination to proceed, Mr Johnson returned to the cattle, and caught his horse, which was the only one saddled. By this time Elder had joined him alongside the cattle, which some dogs belonging to the blacks were attacking ; but they were got rid of without having scattered the cattle. On looking round towards the dray, Mr Johnson saw Bridges handing some beef to the blacks, and observed that as he turned from them they speared him through the back and under the right arm, and he fell to the ground. Elder and Jones were no longer visible, and he concluded they had been speared too. Mr Johnson rode a little way to the right, and could then see the blacks had full possession of the dray. He now saw an unarmed black coming towards him, but seeing he was followed by two others with a spear each, he turned his horse's head to cross a creek ; but before he had accomplished the passage, a spear passed over his head, and lodged in the opposite bank. Thence, he looked again, and saw the former contents of the dray upon the ground, also the speared man, whose dying groans were audible ; but could see nothing of Elder or Jones. Mr Johnson being utterly at a loss to determine what he could do, remained where he stood for some time ; and having prayed to God to direct him, he resolved to retreat to a station forming by Mr Ross, fifty or sixty miles further back than where he and his companions had encamped on the previous night. He was proceeding on his journey in that direction, when he heard a noise behind, which alarmed him much ; but he was agreeably surprised at being overtaken by Elder and Jones, whom he had given up for lost; but who had .succeeded in catching two of his (Johnson's) horses, and had taken a like determination with himself, to re- treat towards Mr Ross's. They, too, had given up Mr Johnson for lost ; but meeting with the track of the mare he was riding, rightly concluded he had escaped, and that they might overtake him. Having agreed to go back to Mr Ross's station, they had ridden only two or three miles in that direction when they met H. and G. Jervis, who said they had lost themselves, which was almost impossible, as they had the river on one hand, and a beaten track on the other. On being told that their relative (Bridges) had been killed, they wanted Mr Johnson and the others to turn back ; but as they had only one gun between them in the hand of Jones, the proposal was declined, and they all agreed to go back to Mr Ross's together. That night they passed in the bush, on the bank of the Murray, without food or shelter, and on the following morning, having caught their horses, they mounted, and rode as hard as they could towards the station of Mr Ross. Most fortunately, on their way they fell in with a Mr Maury and a Mr Cartwright with their party, provision dray, and cattle, and got a present supply for their wants. Having learnt that Mr Tooth's party was coming behind, Johnson and Elder went to meet them, and upon asking the assistance of Mr Tooth's superintendent, Mr Newman, the services of an armed and well-mounted man were granted, and Elder was left with Mr Newman. The armed man, who had served in the British cavalry, and was very properly called "the trooper" carried his musket in "a boot," and had plenty of ammunition. Johnson, too, was furnished with a brace of pistols. When they got back to the encamp- ment of Messrs Maury and Cartwright, they found George Jervis, and learnt from him that his father, ac- companied by Mr Maury, Mr Cartwright, Mr Ross, a Mr Walker, and two or three other gentlemen, accom- panied by two blacks, and all well armed, had just gone off for the scene of the murder and dispersion. Mr Johnson and the trooper determined to overtake them, and did so after about four miles' travelling. They jour- neyed together all that day, and encamped on the bank of the river at night. Next morning they set out again, and reached the place where Bridges was murdered about half-an-hour before sunset. One of the dogs left with the dray was still there ; the two leading bullocks were missing, but the other four were found entangled in the scrub ; and it was now time to encamp for the night. In the morning (July 3) all the party went to look for the remains of poor Bridges, except Jervis, who rode out in search of the dispersed cattle. After some time they found a clay mound, which was removed, and a little below was discovered the naked body of the murdered man, covered first with long grass, and then with pieces of wood, the clay being put over all. On taking up the body, it was found to have been speared through and through. After giving H. Jervis an oppor- toinity of seeing the body of his son-in-law, it was again interred in another grave. After this the kind gentle- men assisted in recovering the dispersed cattle, and suc- ceeded so well, that MrJohnson recovered all his horses (fourteen). Next morning he returned with the party to Mr Newman, who kindly undertook to supply him with provisions, to attempt the recovery of his remaining cattle, and to conduct him to Adelaide with his own party. To this gentleman's kind assistance he was in- debted for the recovery of all his cattle, except five, and for the benefit of a safe convoy as far as the settled dis- tricts on this side of the River Rufus. On Sunday morning, at St, John's Church, the. Rev. Mr Woodcock concluded a very excellent sermon by a strong plea for the Church Society, which we have; much pleasure in giving to our readers in the hope that it may lead many of them to contribute according. to their ability. Such a, Society is much wanted, and we doubt not it may be productive of great benefit. The members of the Church are coming liberally forward in its behalf, Wd even little children are, to our know- ledge, enthusiastically collecting weekly pence and half- pence in books furnished to them for the purpose. This is as it should be. We only wish the pious promoters of the Society could place sufficient confidence in their God to believe that He is able to bless their voluntary exertions, and to determine that, the pure stream of their cheerful gifts should not be polluted by an admixture with that unhallowed grant, which is bountiful both to the just and the unjust—fostering alike the worship of saint, of savage, and of sage; whether addressed to Jehovah, Jove, or Juggernaut:— The Institution which has just been resuscitated in this town has for its object the accomplishment of the Father's intention in giving up his Son— and the Son's most anxious desire in surrendering up j himself to the unparalleled agonies of Gethsemane and Calvary— I the salvation of souls—the happiness present and eternal of our fel low impiortals. Yes, The South Australian Church Society, which I desire to commend to your especial favourable regard, contemplates the moral, spiritual, and eternal wellrbeing of tbe existing and rapidly increasing population of this now promising colony. Its chief object is to provide and help to support schoolmasters, teachers, and mi- i nisters or missionaries for the scattered population of our rurat dis- ' tricts. Its simple aim will be to plant a Christian teacher wherever a congregation of the members of ojir church can be collected — wherever a sufficient number of child, en can be found.. It maybe regarded as a domestic, or Home Missionary Society. And oh, is there a heart present that can refuse to co-operate iu an undertaking . 60 benevolent in its design, so pleasing to Him who graciously assures us that He has no pleasure in tbe death of a sinner but is desirous that all should come to repentence. If, as has been proved, we are all in a perishing condition both by nature and the circumstances of the world—how. fearfully aggravated is the danger of those whose cJaims upon your sympathies, your prayers,.and your support, I am now anxious to urge, frcm the peculiar circumstances in which most of them are placed. Deprived of all the means and ordinances of | religion, many of them have sunk isto a state of awful indifference as respects their soul's eternal interests. So utterly careless have many become that they 'are actually often ignorant of tbe return pf the Sabbath. Tbe testimonies to this fearful state of things, and to the comparative heathenism in which the children are growing up I have received from persons of all shades of opinion oil other matters. Some have declared to me that the white children arc even worse than the blacks. Where irreligion, drunkenness, and debauchery characterize the parents, what must be the state-of the children? How dreadfully demoralizing the Homes of such ! How much is there in the circumstances of such children calculated to develop and foment their wicked passions, and to lead them to 4orm those habits which are ruinohs alike to their temporal and eternal interests, as well as the peace and well being of tbe colony at large. None surely fcan doubt that the situationof such is fearfully perilous indeed. Now for these dear children, as well as their poor parents, I plead with you to.day. Remember,•' It is not the will of your Father, &c.;" The same Saviour that died for you died for. them. He seriously desires that they should partake of the fulness of his salvation. But then he works by means. It is by 'education: based on Christian principles,.it is by the word of God applied to the heart by the Holy Ghost, that he effects tbe conversion of the soul. The inculcation of that word is committed to our zeal, either personally or by pecu niary support. Various are the arguments which might be produced to enforce the duty of supporting such an institution as the South Australian Church Society. Through this institution you may have a stone in every church, a timberin every school; nay, you may have one child at least in some schools. You may. build, and teach, and preach, and converse, as it were, with tile children of the busb. You may point them to the Lamb of God- bid them believe and live. You may share in the angelic joy Of saving sou Is from death, and gratify a Saviour's heart. And, oh ! will you not do so ? Parents, children, masters, servants, rich, poor—will you not share in so benevolent a work ? Much has already been done in this colony. Many have given nobly towards raising this and other sacred edifices. But much—oh! how much!— remains to.be accomplished. Souls are perishing; and shall they remain uncared-for by us, who have the privileges and means of grace ? While the Saviour pities them and Jongs for their salvation—shall we, unmoved by their perilous condi- tion, make no effort to save them? Sbali we hear or ou r fellow immortals, wounded and dying, and, like the Priest and the Levite, pass by 011 tbe other side? Shall we bear of those in tbe busb who are being lost—lost to God- the Church- to Heaven—and when ap- plied to for aid in their behalf, impiously ask Am I my brother's keeper ?" God forbid! And yet is it not too much to be feared th.it there are some here who will find some excuse for not coming for ward in support of this excellent institution; — who have no sympathy with the Saviour, in his desire to save those sou Is who are now pe- rishing for lack of ku. wledge ? You will not respond to the appeal now made in behalf of tbe Church Society; —you will,not give of your substance—perhaps of your abundance - to help forward the salvation of souls. You prill not make a single sacrifice—you will not cultivate the habit of self-denial—to gratify the desire of your Saviour's heart- to augment the number of, the church below, and heighten the joy. of the angels above. Go—then close your hearts to the appeal that is now made! Go --forget, if yon can, all that you have heard to-day. Go-shut your hearts and your purses to God, who giveth you richly all things to enjoy. Go —roll in your comforts and revel in luxhries while sonis are perishing day by day. Go—proclaim to the world, that your estimate of the things which perish in the using is superior to tliatpf, the souls for whom Christ died. But remember that you cannot with impunity slight one of bis commands;—-remember an account of your stewardship will soon be required. Never will yours be the happiness of realizing the fulfil- ment of that assurance of tiie Saviour - "It is more blessed to give than to receive;"' but yours it unhappily may be to share in that ' terrible reproof—" For as much as ye did it not unto one of tbesa ye did it not unto me." But Others, there are, I trust, who have come to a different deter- : mination. You are resolved to help this Institution, to offer ac- cording to your ability- to offer willingly and to begin this day,' asvyou.have determined to soutinue. Blessed resolve! May you dear friends have grace faithfully to keep it. Keep it—when the present emotion of your hearts may have subsided : -Keep it amidst all your temptations to covetousness, the pride of the eye, and the pride of life---keep it in spite of the coldness of friends aud tbe jeers of enemies—keep it amidst all the' fluctuations of your faith, hope, and charity;—keep it through alt the stages of your earthly pil- grimoge! Let all your efforts and all your offerings to this and ; every such object be consecrated by prayer—the prevailing prayer of faith; and yours assuredly shall be the unspeakable privilege of meeting around the throne of the Most High at last, many to whom salvation you have been instrumental by helping to send to them the. Gospel of Christ. *' They that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, pud they that turn many to righteousness as the .stars for ever and ever." . , 