A TEACHER'S ADVANTAGE FROM HIS WORK. " In all labour there is proht." lhe ounaay scuooi teacher's work is no exception. He seeks to benefit others, advantage accrues to himself. He waters those around him, he also is watered. It may be useful to refer to two or three forms in which this advantage is realized. A Sunday school teacher's work faithfully discharged promotes in his own breast a scriptural and healthy piety. Mental and moral habits, like corporeal powers, strengthen by exercise ; and perhaps it would be diffi cult to find, except in the direct work of ministers of Lhe Gospel, any employment, within the whole com pass of Christian activity, in which so much advantage of this kind is experienced. The teacher must be con versant with the word of God; confused and unscrip- tural notions can scarcely prevail in his mind. Formal ism and mysticism will not do for him ; his class would detect him ; they would unfit him for its duties. He will be constantly thrown upon the word of God, with which, for the sake of his children, he must seek to ob tain a deep and intimate acquaintance, He imtst be well grounded in first principles; he must know. what is truth, and be familiar with its evidence. He will often have to explain these things. He must go to the fountain-head of knowledge, and can scarcely fail to contemplate truth in its connexions. He has to teach, and he will feel compelled to learn : he teaches babes in knowledge ; and though in one view this may seem an easy task, it will require, 1 venture to say, a more thorough knowledge of God's word than almost any other engagement. First principles do not be upon the surface: they must be searched for. Even babes tax the knowledge of teachers by their enquiries; they have often detected error, and, without intending it, exposed ignorance. A Christian not employed in a Sunday school may be a diligent student of the word of God : a teacher must be. He will peruse other books if be have the opportunity ; but they may not be substituted for his one book, an acquaintance with which will en lighten, and purify, and elevate his heart. For it must be borne in mind, that his work is not merely to study and explain the Scriptures, as he would a book of his tory or astronomy : he has to apply their lessons to the conscience and the heart. Can he do this to others, and neglect himself ? Anxious, moreover, for the wel fare of his class, he will habitually seek the aid and blessing of the Holy Ghost, not only on his scholars, but on his own heart. He thus associates his study of the word of God with exercises emphatically conducive to the advancement of his . piety ; and, in blessing others, he himself is blessed of God. A Sunday school teacher's labour, also promotes self culture and discipline. Second only in importance to a renewed heart, is a well- disciplined mind. Formal religion demands this. Christianity addresses us as in telligent and moral beings. " Understandest thou what thou readest !" is one of its first enquiries ; and, among its eariit-st operations upon men's hearts it opens " their understanding, that they may understand the Scriptures " Time has been, that knowledge and piety have been regarded as inimical to each other ; ignorance has supposed to be the mother of devotion. Sunday school teaching goes on a sentiment directly the reverse of this : it supposes that if men do not think, they will not become Christians ! and hence the teacher tries to guide his youthful change in this exercise. But he can not teach others to think without thinking himself. Just as the parent bird flies, that its young may learn how to fly, and be emboldened to trust their wings, the teacher shows his scholars how to think by thinking visibly, if I may so speak, aud audibly, before them. " Talking is not teaching," though talking is essentiul to it: the mind must act, as well as the tongue. It will often be necessary to show how a thought is formed, what its connexions and dependencies are, and how it is to be expressed, Clearness of conception is essential to simplicity of expression, and both are in dispensable in a Sunday school class. Let a teacher thoroughly prepare for bis scholars; let hi 111 read, and think, and treasure up whatever knowledge maybe useful to them; let him observe how impressions are made on his own mind ; and, in addition to being better qualified to teach, he can scurcely fail of deriving great good himself : especially since exercises of. this kind do not.end with the understanding. Practical good is his object ; but this cannot be hoped for. if in his own con duct a teacher does hot illustrate that good.' Say that he wishes to make his scholars understand and piac- tise mutual forbearance; be must exercise self-contrul, self-denial, and forbearance himself. Say that he wants them to see the beautYand obligation of unaffected hu mility ; he must check his own pride. In one word, he must be what be would- have them be; and it is im possible for him thus to control and discipline himself without great benefit. If " be that ruleth his own spirit is better than he that taketh a city," everything that tends to establisn, and strengthen, and extend this rule, must be profitable. In the same manner, it might be shown how Sunday school teaching gives exercise to some of the best graces of the character. Benevolence, pure, holy, Christ like benevolence, is a teacher's main incentive ; and how is this benevolence deepened by a faithful discbarge of his work ? We become conversant with them 1 3 that awaken and re ider active the kindest feeli igs of the bosom. The teacher who is what he ought to be, catches a portion of the intense benevolence of the Son of God ; he seeks to secure the very good on which the heart of Christ was set ; and beneath the influence 01 His grace, his whole character becomes gentle and lovely, His a ork makes him patient ; he can do nothing in it if he be otherwise. This is the secret of so many forsaking the work, or becoming remiss in discharging it. He must exercise faith. His work is allotted to him by a Master not seen, but believed In; it contem plates an end whose importance is determined, not by present things, but by things to come; it anticipates success, not from anything on which the senses can fix but from the word aud promise of God apprehended by faith, and it looks fur its reward just as he did, who ''endured as seeing Him who is iuvisible." Such a teacher may be expected to exemplify thefgraces of the Spirit; he has a perpetual need of them; he is in a condition to cultivate them'; and above all, the Holy Ghost, the Author of them, guides and strengthens, and sanctifies him. Receiving for himself, and making known to others, the things that are excellent; he is "filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ unto the glorj and praise of God." And his work makes him happy. Selfishness is the unhappiest feature of the human character ; it debases thought, it enkindles suspicion, awakens jealousy, fosters envy and— and every evil passion; it is alto gether sinful, and is therefore miserable. Who ever knew a good Sunday school teacher that was selfish ? The ideas are at direct opposition to. each other. He seeks to make others liappy ; but becomes happier him self. " God hatli constituted our nature," observes Dr. Chalmers, " that 111 the very flow and exercise of the good affections, there should be the oil of gladness. There is instant delight in the first conception o! bene volence; there is sus ained delight in its coutinued<cx- ercise : there is consummated delight in the happy, smiling, and prosperous results of it. God hath an nexed a high mental enjoyment, not to the conscious ness only of good affections, but to the very sense and feeling of good affections. There is happiness in the very wish to make others happy ; there is a pleasure in the very sensation of virtue, and there is a pleasure at- tendant on the sense of its rectitude: there is delight in doing good, and there is a joy in toe consciousness o< having done a good action." In Sunday school labour success vastly augments pleasure ; but the pleasure is not dependant on success. We are happy, if we live for an enu worth living for. It has been well said, that " fit objects to employ the intervals of life, are among tiie greatest aids to contentment which a man can pos sess." These aids a Sunday school teacher has; and it is scarcely possible to over-estimate their value. What, then, is the practical issue of these considera tions? They present a powerful inducement to pious young persons to enga2e in Sunday school teaching. This work brings its own blessings; and among thesei not .the least important will be an increasing qualitica. tion to discharge it. They check the feelings of dis couragement and despondency which a faithful teacher may sometimes be liable to. He reaps even now, though perhaps not exactly us he wished ; and " in due season he shall reap, if he faint not." And do nut these considerations shame many a teacher, who, though constant iu his. class, realizes noue of these spiritual advantages, not because they are not there, but because he has no heart to perceive and relish them ? May God grant to all who labour in Sunday schools eminent spirituality and devotedriess ! Then will they bless others, and be themselves blessed. Reader are you a Sunday SchoolTeacher ? 