ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, &c.; Mrs Elizabeth Hounson, a widow of 60, and enjoying an independent income, suspended herself by a piece of tape from her bed-post on Sunday last, in consequence of a gentleman, to whom she had formed an attachment, having broken off his engagement, owing to a dispute about money matters. — Liverpool Mercury. 31st October. On the evening of the 29th October, in the village of East Waldren, the floor of the Me- thodist chapel fell in. There was a meeting for the purpose of considering the plan of erect- ing a new chapel, the present building being in a dilapidated state. Two persons were killed, namely, Mr Joseph Sandon, of Stoke Marsh, farmer, and a young man named Pat- terson, an assistant to Mr William Jones, draper of Waldren. At the Bichester petty sessions, Sarah Tombs, a poor woman, was ordered to pay one penny for damaging the property of the Hon. P. Bertie, whilst in search of nuts in a wood, with 4s the clerk's expenses. She was allowed seven day to pay the money. At the end of that time she returned with 2s, and hoped " the gentlemen" would not insist on the other 2s being paid, for she did not know how to get it. She was told she must pay, but seven days more would be allowed her to do so. A few days ago, Mr Christopher Sewell, of Boston, a chemist, and a young man of good parts, died from the effects of an inveterate habit of smoking cigars. He frequently con- sumed thirty a day, which had brought on so great a debility that he died from the rupture of a small blood-vessel.— Eastern Counties Herald. At Lincoln assizes, Richard Brookfield was convicted of stealing, at Swindon, three geese the property of Henry Green. Mr Justice Maule was proceeding to pass a mild sentence, when the prisoner, addressing his Lordship, said it was of no use, he should do so again.— Mr Justice Maule: What is that you say? Prisoner: I shall do it again. I'll not want while there's plenty in the country, so you can do as you please. Mr Justice Maule: Then the sentence of the Court is that you be trans ported for seven years. Perhaps that will satisfy you.—The prisoner left the dock laugh- ing. A large seizure of smuggled Roman cameos and French Mosaic work, valued at several thousand pounds, was made in London, the other day, by Mr G. Scanlon, and Mr D. H. Watson, searchers of the Customs, and Mr C. Atkinson Davis, their assistant. During the hearing of an assault case at the Hull police-office, several witnesses detailed circumstances of the complainant Burgess's treatment of his wife, which induced the ma- gistrates to inquire further into the matter. On cross- examining the witnesses they all united in stating that Burgess was in the habit of chaining his wife to the fire-place! One witness said she had known the woman to be so chained for two days, and another said she had known her to be chained for a whole week! Burgess said, "It's quite true, gentlemen, that I have chained her up once or twice until she came to her sober senses: I did so to prevent her from committing suicide." One of the witnesses on being recalled, said she had not only seen Burgess chain his wife to the fire- place, but throw several buckets of cold water upon her; and during her imprisonment he gave her nothing but bread and water! She used to get drunk while out in the town, round which she went collecting rags, old clothes, etc., in a bag—bringing home shoes also for her husband to mend. The magistrates said they thought they would be failing in their duty if they did not send for Burgess's wife, in order that, if she complained of his ill treatment, they should take measures to prevent its recurrence. A policeman was therefore despatched for Mrs Burgess. On his return, a few minutes after- wards, he was followed into court by a little dumpling of a woman, whose merry eye, and rubicund face, bespoke an entire devotion to the jolly god of Bacchus. On going into the witness-box, Inspector Coulehan placed the Testament in her hand, telling her to listen to the clerk of the magistrates, as she was going to be sworn. Mrs Burgess—An' what shall I be sworn for, an' it plaise ye, Mester Coulehan, —answer me that. Mr Ayre—You are about to be sworn to answer truly to all such questions as shall be put to you ; you are about to take an oath that you will speak the truth. Mrs Burgess—Oh, the thruth is it ye mane, sir; shure an' I'll spake the truth—divel a lie in it. (Laughter.) Mr Barkworth—lt has been told the Court that your husband has chained you up to the fire-place. Mrs Burgess—lt's been towld to ye so, has it ? What then ? shure if I didn't desarve it he wouldn't do it. [Here she stole a sly look of encouragement at her husband, as though she would say, "Never fear, darling, I'll get ye clear."] The Magistrates—We have had you called here in order that, if you considered yourself cruelly treated—as from what we have just heard, we do—by your husband, we might af- ford you protection. Mrs Burgess—Protection! thank your wor- ships, kindly, but I want no protection, barrin' his —(pointing to her husband.) Mr Barkworth —Then you are quite satisfied — you think it quite right in your husband to do what he has done ? Mrs Burgess—Shure an' I think it's his duty to chastise me in a dacent an' proper an' reg'lar sort ov way : uv I didn't desarve it, he wouldn't do it, an' ay I wont kape steady as becomes a decent woman, who's to blame ? Answer me that ? (Laughter.) Mr Ayre—You needn't be alarmed at any consequences of speaking the truth. Mrs Burgess—Alarmed! och, faith, it's not alarmed I am, at all, at all; I'm much obliged to yer worships for yer protection —(with a strong emphasis on the word) —but I don't want it; I dare to say it's me own fault, en- tirely. Good morning, yer worships. Here, dropping a low courtsey, Mrs Burgess trotted out of the court amid the loud laughter of all present. Mr Barkworth said if the woman was satis- fied, he did not see why the magistrates should not, and after a strong caution as to his future conduct, Burgess was dismissed. Amongst the recent humorous annals of the London Guildhall, we find the following:— Mary Manning, a most remarkably ill- favoured old lady, was summoned by Mr Jas. Casey, an equally ill-favoured Irishman, and the said Mrs Manning was charged with having committed a most grevious assault on Mr Casey. Mr Casey told his tale as follows : — " I am a lone widower, your worship, and I have had a misfortin, yer Honor's glory and worship, which—begging your Honor's par- don— "And I," said Mrs Manning, "am a lone widdy, and this man is the most deceitfulest beguilingist beast brute—" Mr Casey—Me! why—my eyes all over Tip- perary iv I ever spoke to the ooman in all my mortal sort of life. Yer worship, she's like a ghost; she follows I, and when I won't speak to her she chucks bricks at me. Mrs Manning: Oh, Lord! that men can be so faithless ; he was full of faith, my lord, as an egg's full of mate. Why that villain was always courting me for the last nine months, ever since ; and Mrs Manning here dissolved into tears. Alderman Farebrother: Ever since what? Mrs Manning: Ever—ever—my lord, since my dear, my dear own Manning died. And here Mrs Manning cried like Niobe. Alderman: And how long is that ago ?— Mrs Manning: This very day nine months. Mr Casey declared that he had never court- ed her at all, but that she was always courting him. Alderman: What! with brickbats ?— Mr Casey: Thrue, your Honor, brickbats, and nothing in the world else. Whit she sees in me, by the soul of my grandfather, I don't know. Alderman: Nor I either. Mrs Manning, what can you see in that man that at your time of life you should fall so violently in love with him ? Mrs Manning (with all the prudish. ! ness of bashful fifteen) made a fan of her four fingers,and said with a &igh;, "There is some- j thing about him !" Mr Casey: Thin, my lord, that something must be my wooden leg—and he shoved out a wooden leg from under his trousers.'" \ The roar of laughter which this coup de scene caused was indescribable. j The alderman told them they were two old fools, and bound them in their own recogni zances of £20 to keep the peace towards each I other. 