how we got up THE glen- 'mutch-kin railway, and how we got out of it. Abridged from Bfaekvtkht» Magazine for October. L \Vas confoundedly hard up. Aly patrimony, never of the largest, had been for the Inst year on the. de crease— a herald would have em- hlnzoned it. "Anient. a money- bag improper, in detriment" — and though the attenuating process was not excessively rapid, it was, never theless, proceeding at n steady ratio. As for the ordinary means and ap pliances by which men contrive to recruit their exhausted exchequers, 1 know none of them. Work I ab horred with a detestation worthy of a scion of nobility ; and I believe you could just as soon have per suaded the lineal representative of the Howards or Percys to exhibit himself in the character of a mounte bank, as have got me to trust my fterkon on the pinnacle of a three- egged stool. The rule of three is all very well for base mechanical souls, bnt I flatter myself I have an intellect too large to he limited to a ledger. " Augustus," my dear boy, said my poor mother to me, one day while stroking my hyacinthiue tresscS, "Augustus, my dear boy, whatever von do, never forget that you are n gentleman." The ma ternal maxim sunk deeply into my heart, and I never for a moment have forgotten it. It is a great consolation amidst all the evils of lile, to know that, however had your circumstances may be, there is always somebody else in nearly the same predicament. My chosen friend and ally Hob M'Corkindale, was equally hard up with myself, and, if possible, more averse to exertion. Hob was essen tially a speculative man — that is, in a philosophical sense. He had once got hold of a stray volume of Adam Smith, and muddled his brains for a whole week over the intricacies of the Wealth of Na tions. The result was a crude farrago of notions regarding the true nature of money, the sound ness of currency, and relative value of capital, with which he nightly favoured an admiring audience at " The Crow for Hob was by no means — in the literal acceptation of the word — a dry philosopher. On the coutrnry he perfectly appre ciated the merits of each distinct distillery, and was understood to be the compiler of a statistical work, entitled A Tour through the Alcoholic Districts of Scotland. It had very early occurred to tne, who knew as much of political economy as of the bagpipes, that a gentle- man so well versed in the art of accumulating untional wealth, must have some remote ideas of applying his principles profitably on a smaller scale. Accordingly, I gave M'Cork indale an unlimited invitation to my lodgings ; and, like a good hearty fellow as he was, lie availed himselfevery evening of the license ; for I had Inid in a fourteen- gallon cask of Oban whiskey, and the quality of the malt was undeniable. These were the firsi glorious days of general speculation. Railroads were emerging from the hands of the greater into the fingers of the lesser capitalists. Two successful harvests have given a fearful stimulus to the national eirergy ; and it appeared perfectly certain that all the populous towns would be united, and the rich agricultural dis ricts inter sected, by the magical bands of iron. The columns of the newspapers teemed evCiy week with the parturition of novel schemes ; and the shares were no sooner announced than they were rapidly sub scribed for. But what is the use of my saying anything more about the history of last year ? Every one of us remem bers it perfecily well. It was a capital year on the whole, and put money into i&'any a pocket. About that time Bob and 1 commenced operations. Our available capital, or negotiable bullion, in the language of my friend, amounted to about £300, which we set as.de as a joint fund for speculation. Bob, in a series of learned discources. had con vinced me that it was not only lolly, but a positive sin, to leave this sum lying in the Bank at a pitiful rate of interest, % a'nd otherwise unemployed, whilst everv one else in the kingdom was having a pluck at the public pigeon. Somehow or other, we were unlucky in our first attempts. Speculators are like wasps ; for when they have once get hold of a ripening and peach like project, they keep it rigidly for their own swarm, anil repel the approach of interlopers. Not withstanding all our efforts, and very ingenious ones they were, we never in a single instance succeeded in procuring an allocation of original shares ; and though we did now and then make a hit by purchase, we more frequently bought atn premium, and parted with our scrip at a discount. At the end of six months we were not £'20 richer than before. " Tli is will never do," said Bob, as he at one eveuing in my rooms compound ing his secoud tumbler, " 1 thuught we were living in an enlightened age ; but 1 find 1 was mistaken. Thai brutal spirit of monopoly is still abroad and uncurbed. The principles of free trade are utterly forgotten or misunderstood. Else how comes it that David Spreul received but yesterday an allocation of 200 shares in the Westermidden Junction, whilst your application and mine, for 1000 each, were overlooked ? Is this a state of things to be tolerated? Why should he, with his £50,000, receive a slapping premium, whilst our £300 of available capital remains unrepresented ! The fact is monstrous, and demands the im mediate and serious interference of the Legislature." " It is a shame," said I, fully alive to the manifold advantages of a premium. " I'll tell you what, Duashunncr," rejoined M'Corkindale, " it's no use going on in this way. We haven't shown half pluck enough. These fellows consider us as snobs, because wc don't take the bull by the horns. Now's the time for a bold stroke. The public are quite ready to subscribe for anything ; and we'll start a railway for ourselves." " Start a railway with three hundred pounds ol capital. " Pshaw, man ! you don't know what you're talking about; we've a great deal more capital than that. Have not I told you seventy times over, that everything a man has, — his coat, bis fiat, the tum blers he drinks from, nay, his very cor poreal existence, — is absolutely market able capital? What do you call that fourteen-gallon cask I should like to know." " A compound of hoops and staves, containing about a quart and a half of spirits, — you have effectually accounted for the rest." " Then it has gone to the fund of profit and loss, that's all. Never let me liear you sport those old theories again. Capital is destructible, as I am ready to prove to you any day in balf an hour. But let us sit down seriously to business We arc rich enough to pay for the ad vertisements, and that is all we need care for in the mean time. The public is sure to step in, and bear us out hand somely with tlie rest." " But where in the face of the habi table globe 'shall the railway be ?" " There's Glenmutchkin, for in stance" — " Capital, my dear fellow 1 Glorious ! By Jove, first rate, 1" shouted Bob, in an ecstasy of delight. " There's a dis tillery there, you know, and a fishing village at the foot ; at least, there used to be six years ago, when I was living with the exciseman. There may be some bother about the population, though. The last laird shipped every mother's son of the aboriginal celts to America ; but, after all, that's not of much conse quence. 1 see the whole thing! Un rivalled ceremony — stupendous water falls — herds of black cattle — spot where Prince Charles Edward met Macgrcgor of Glengrugar and his clan ! We could not possibly have lighted on a more i promising place. Hind us over that sheet of paper, like a good fellow, and a pen. There is no time to be lost, and the sooner we get out the prospectus the better." " But, Heaven bless von, Bob, there's a deal to be thought of first. Who are we to get for a provisional committee ?' " That's very true," said Bob mu singly. " We must treat them to some respectable names, that is, good sound ing ones. I'm afraid there is little chance of our producing a peer to begin with ?" " None whatever — unless wecuuld in vent one. and that's hardly safe— Burke's Peerage has gone through too many editions. Couldn't we try lite Dormant! ?" "That would be rather dangerous in the teeth of the standing orders. But what do you say to a baronet ! There's Sir Pollexfen Tremens. He got himself served the other day to a Nova Scotia barometer, with just as much title ss you or I have ; and he lus spotted the riband, and dined out ott the strength nl it ever sinee. He'll join us at mice, for he has not a sixpence to lose. " Down with him, then," and we headed the provisional list with the pseudo Orange-lnwney. " Now," grid Bob. "it's quite indis pensable, as this is a Highland line, that we should put forward a chief or two. That has always a great effect upon the English, whose leudal notions are always of the mistiest, and principally derived from Waverley." " Why not write yourself down as the Laird ot M'Corkindale ?" said I, " 1 dare sty you would net b; negatived by a counter claim." " That would hardly rln," replied Bub, " as I intend to be secretary. After all whit's the use thinking about it ? Here goes for an extempore chief," and th i villain wrote down the name of Tavislt M'Tavisb, of Invertavish. " I say, thrugh," said I, " we must have a real Highlander on the list. It we go on this way, it will become a Jus ticiary matter." " You're devi isli scrupulous, Gus," said Bob, who, it lell to himself, would have s'uck iu the names ot the heathen cods and goddesses, or borrowed his directors Iront the Otsianic chronicle', rather than have delayed -lite prospectus. " Where the mischief are we to t.uj the men? I can think of no others likely to go to the whole hog; can vuu ?" " I don't know a s ngfe Cell in Glas gow, except old .M'Chiskic, the drunken porter at the corner of Jamaica street." " He's the very matt ? I suppose, after the manner ol Ins tribe, lip will do m.v- thing for a pint of whiskey. But what; shull we cull hint ? Jattt tica-strect, I ! fear, will hardly do for a designer ,ii." ! "Call him The M'CI. skie. It will | be sonorous in the ears of the Saxon." i " Bravo !" and another chief was added to the roll of the clans. I " Now," said Bob, " we must put you down. Recollect nil s lie manage ment — that is, the allocation— will be entrusted to you. Augustus — you haven't a middle name, I think ? — well, then, suppose we interpolate ' Reginald ;' it has a smack of the Crusades. Au gustus Reginald Dunshuner, Esq., of — where, in the name of Munchausen? ' " I'm sure I don't know. I never had any land beyond the contents of a flower-pot. Stay — I rather think I Itnve a superiority somewhere about Pais ley." ' " Just the thing," cried Bob. " It's heritable properly, and therefore titular. What's the denomination ?" " Sr. Mirrens." " Beautiful ? Dunshunncr, of St. Mirren, I give yru joy. Had yott dis covered llial a l.tilc sooner — and I wouder you did not think ol it —we might both of us have had a number of allocations. These are not the times to conceal hereditary dis tinctions. But now comes the sciinus work. We must have one or two men ol known wealth upon lite lis'. The chaff is nothing without a decoy bird. Now can't you help me willt a name ?" " In thai case," said I, " t lie game is up, and the whole scheme exploded. 1 would as soon undertake to evoke the ghost of CrtoS'ts." " Dtinsbunner," said Bob, very seriously, " to be a man of information, you arc possessed of marvellously lew resources. I utn quite ashamed of you. Now listen to me. 1 have thought deeply upen this subject, und am quite convinced that with some little trouble we may secure the co-operation cl a most wealthy and influential body — one, too, that is generally supposed to have stood aloof horn all speculation of the kind, and whose name would be a tower of strength in the mooted quaiters. I allude," continued Bui), reaching acr.ss fur the kettle, " to the great dis senting interest." " The what ?" cried I, aghast. " The great dissenting interest. You can't have failed to observe lite row iliry have lately been making abunt Sunday travelling nnd education. Old Sam Sawlev, the coffin- maker, is their prin cipal spokesman here ; and wherever he goes the rest will follow, hk.-a flock ol sheep bounding altera palriarchial ram. 1 propose, llicicfore, to wait upon him to-morrow, and request his co-operation in a scheme which is not only to prove profitable, but to make head against tit lax principles of the present age. Leave me alone to tickle htm. I consiihr hit name, and those of one or two others belonging to the same meeting-house — Iclluws with bank stock, nnd ail soils of tin ni perfectly secure. There disscntets smell a premium burn an almost in cludible dit'ance. We can fill up the rest ol lite committee with ciphers, and the whole thing is done. " But the engineer ; we must announce such an officer as a matter ol course." " 1 never thought ol that," said Bob. " Couldu't wc lure O fellow from one of the steamboats." " 1 tear lie might get us into trouble. You know theie arc such tilings as gra dients and sections to be prepared. But there's Watty Snider, the gusfiiler, who tailed the other day. lie's a sort of civil engineer by trade, and will jump at the proposal like a trout at the tail of a May fly." " Agreed. Now, then, let's fix the number of shares. Tins it out fust ex periment, and I think wc ought to be moderate. No sound political economist is avaricious. Let us say twelve thou sand, at twenty pounds apiece." " So be it." " Well, then, that's arranged." The prospectus rau as follows Dill ITT OLINlirTCnKIX IIAILWAV. In 12.000 shares ol £20 each. De posit, £1 per share. Provisional Committee. Sir P tiljxlcn Tremens, Bart., of Toddy- in .fins Tdsish M'T.ivish, of Invertavish Tito M'C'ioskie Augustus Reginald Dunshunncr, Esq., ol St. Mttretts Samuel Sawlcy, Esq., tnrrihatit Mhic-.Mhdc Viiich- liidutbh Pitchni O'Piulao, E»q., of Cattle-rook, Ireland The Captain of M'Alcohol Factor for G'eiitumblets J.tltn Job Jobsun, Esq., manufacturer Even M'C!uw,ol GUuscuii ami Invcry- ewky Joseph Heckles, Esq. llabbakuk Grabie, Porlisner in Ram- moth-Druiuclog. Engineer. Walter Solder, Esq. Interim Secretary. Robert M'Corkindale, Esq. The necessity of a direct line of rnil- way communication through the fertile and populous district known us the valley ot Glenmutchkin, has long been felt and universally acknowledged. In dependent of the surpassing grandeur ol its mountain scenery, which shall bo im mediately rcletred to, and other con siderations of even greater importance, Glenmutchkin is known to the capital ists as the most important breeding station in the Highlands of Scotland, and indeed as the gtcat emporium front which the southern markets ure supplied. | ft lias been calculated by a mrs; eminent authority, that every acre in the strath is capable of rearing twenty head of cattle: und, as has been ascertained, alter a careful admeasurement, that there was rot less than two hundred thousand improvable acres immediately contiguous to the proposed line of rail- way, it may confidently be assumed that the number of cattle to be conveyed along the line will amount to 40.000.00C annually, which, at the lowest rstiuintr, would yield u revenue larger, in propor tion to the capital subscribed, than that of any railway as yet completed within the united kingdom. From this esti mate the traffic in sheep and goats, with which the tnonrilains arc literally covered, has been carefully excluded, it having been found quite impossible (from its extent) to compute the actual revenue to be drawn fiotn that most im portant branch. It may, however, lie roughly assumed as Iront 17 to 11) per cent, upon the whole, alter deduction of the wotking expenses. Tit e population ol Glenmutchkin is extremely dense. Its situation on (lie west coast has afforded it the means of direct communication with America, of which for many years the inhabitants have actively availed themselves. In deed, the amount of exportation ol live stock from this put of the Ihghlands to the Western continent has inure (linn uticc attinctcd the attention of Parlia ment. The manufactures are large nnd comprehensive, and include the most lamous distilleries in lite world. The minerals are most abundant, and amongst these may he reckoned qtinitz, porphyry, felspar, tnulachitc, manganese, and basalt. At the foot of the valley, nnd close to the sea, lies the important village known as the Clachan of Invcrstavc. It is supposed by various eminent antiquaries to have been the capital of the Picts, and amongst the busy inroads of com mercial prosperity, it still retains g >me interesting traces of its former grandeur. There is a laree fishing station here, to which vessels from every nation resort, and the demand for foreign produce is daily and steadily increasing. As a sporting country Glcnmutckin is unrivalled : hut it is by the tourists its beauties will most greedily be sought. These consist of every combination which plastic nature enn afford — cliffs of unusual tiingrihudc and grandeur— water falls only second lo the sublime cascades ol Norway — woods, of which the bark is a remarkably valuable commodity. It need scarcely be added, to rouse the en thusiasm inseparable from this glorious clen, that here, in 17-15, Prince Charles Edward Stuart, then in the zenith of his hopes, was joined by the brave Sir Grugar M'Gtugar at the head of his de voted clan. The railway will Fe 12 mi'cs long, and and can be completed within six months after the Act of Pailismcnt Is obtained. The gradirnts are easy, and the curbs obtuse. There are no viaducts of any importance, nnd only four tunnels along the whr.lc length ol the line. The shnrtrst of these does not exceed a mile and a half. In conclusion, the projectors of this railway hog to state that they Iture de- terminer!, as n principle, to set their face against all Sunday travelling what soever, and to oppose every bill which may hereafter be brought into Parlia ment, unless it slinl) contain n rlatite to tint effect. It is aim their intention to take up the cause of the poor anil neg lected stoker, for whose accommodation, and social, moral, religious, and intellec tual improvement, a large stock of evan gelical tracts will speedily be irquircd. Tenders of these, in quantities of not less than 12.000, may be sent in to the in terim Secretary. Shares must be ap- plied for within ten days from the present dale. By order cf the Provisional Committee, II- nt-.it r M' Co it KiND.ai.K, Sccictary. "Theie!" said Bob, slapping down the prospeeius on the table with ihe jauniinets of a Cockney vouchsafing a pint of Hermitage to his gueits, " what do yoo think of that? If it doesn't do the business rfiferiually, I shall submit lo be caked n Dutchman. The last touch about lite stoker avill bring us in lite subscriptions of the old ladies by the score." " Very masterly, indeed," said I. " But who the deuce is M hic-MhacVich- lnduihll?" " A bona fide chief. I assure yott, though a hrtle reduced : I picked loin up upon the BroomitJiw. Ills grand father had an island somewhere to the west of the Hebrides ; but it is not laid i down in the maps." " And the Captain ol M'Alcohol ?" " A crack distiller." " And the factor for Glentumhlers ?" | '' His principal customer. But, bleu j you, my dear Sr. Mirrens ! don't trouble i yourself any more about the committee. They are as respectable a set — on paper, at least — as you would wish lo see on a summer's it o'ning, and the beauty ofit is, that they will give us no manner of trouble. Now, about the allocation. You nnd I must restrict ourselves to n couple ot thousand shares a piece. That's only a third of the whole, but it won't do to be loo grcedv." " But, 15 ih, consider ? Where on earth are we to find the money to pay- up the dep-s tj?" " Can yp i. the principal director of the Glenmutchkin Railway, osk me, the sccreta;y, such a question ? Don't you know that any ol the banks will give us liek to the amount ' ol htilf the deposits,' I All this is settled already, and you can I get your £2000 whenever you please, j merely lor the signtrg ol a bill. Sawlev must get a thousand nrcoidmg to atipit- Istiott — Johnson, Heckles, and Grab ble, at least five hundred a icce, and another five hundred. I should think, ; will exhaust the remaining means ol the committee. So that, out ol our whole lock, there remain just 5000 titites to he allocated to the speculative and evan gelical public. My eye's, won't there I be n srramblc for them ?" Next day our prospectus appeared in the ncvrspapcrs. It was read, canvassed, nnd generally approved of. During the afternoon, 1 took an opportunity of looking into the Tontine, nnd whilst tinder shelter of the Glasgow Herald, my cats were solaced with such ejacu lations as the following " I say, Jimsy.hneyc seen this grand new prospectus for a railway tea Glen- liiutchk in ?" " Ay — It looks no that ill. The Hicluml lairds are putting their best fit foremost Will yc apply for Shars ?" "I think I'll tak' twa hundred. Wha's Sir Folloxfen Tremens ? " He'll be yen o' the Ayrshire folk. He used lo run horses at the Faislcy races." (" The Devil he did !'' thought I.) " D'ye ken ony o" the directors, Jimsy ?" " I ken Snvvicy fine. Ye may depend on't it's a gudc thing if he's in't for lie's a hovvkin' body " " Then it's sure to gac up. What prcut. d'ye think it will bring?" " Twa pund a share, and may be mair." " Od, I'll apply for 1500 I" " Heaven bless you my dear country men 1" though I. as I sallied forth to refresh myself with a basin of soup, " do but maintain this liberal and patriotic feeling — this thirst for na tional improvements, internal com munication, and premiums — a short while longer, nnd I know whose fortune will be made." On the following morning my break- J fast table was covered with shoals of letters, from fellows whom I scarcely ever had spoken to — or who, to use a franker phraseology had scarcely ever condescended to speak to me — entreat ing my influence as a director to obtain tltein shares in the new undertaking. I never bore malice in my life, so I chackcrl them down without favouritism, for a certain proportion. Whilst engaged in this charitable work, the door flew, open, and M'Corkindale, looking utterly haggard with excitement, rushed in. " You may buy an estate whenever you please, Dunshunncr," cried lie " the world's gone perfee !y mad. I have been to Blazes the broker, and he tells mc that the whole amount of the stock has been subscribed for four limes over already, ami he has not yet got in lite returns from Edinburgh a'nd Liver pool I" " Are they good names through, Bob — sure cards — none of your M'Choskics nnd M'Alcohol ?" | " flic fiisl names in the city, 1 assure you, and most ol them hol lers f..r in vestment. I wouldn't take £10,000,000 for their capital." '' '1 hen the sooner we close the list the better." ' I think so too. I suspect rival company will be out belurelong. Blazes v. says the shares are selling already con ditionally on allot ateoi, at 7s. GJ. pre mium." " The deuce they arc .' I ssy, Bub, since wc have the cards in our hands, would it nnt lie wire to favour them with a few hundreds at that rate ? A bird in the hand, you know, is worth two ia the bush, eh ?" " I know no such maxim in political economy," replied the secretary. " Are you mad, Dunshunner ? How are the shares ever to go up, II it gets wind that the directors are selling already? Our business just now is to bull line, not lo bear it; and if you will trust tne, 1 shall show them such an operation on the as cending scale as the Stock Exchange has not witnessed lor this long uod many a- dsy. Then, to-morrow, I shall adver tise in the papers that the committee having received applications lor ten limes ! the amount of stock, have been com pelled, unwillingly, to close the li.ts. That will be a slap in the face to tic dilatory gentlemen, ami send up the shaies like wildfire." Bob was right. No sooner did the advertisement appear than a simultane ous groan was uttered by some hund- drcds of disappointed speculators, who with unwonted and unnecessary caution had been anxious to see their way a little, before committing themselves to our splendid enterprise. In conse quence, they rushed into the market, with intense anxiety to make what terms they could at the earliest stage and the 7s. Gd. of premium was doubled in the course of a forenoon. ( To be continued in our uca t.) j 