Scotland. Backslidings of the Free Kirk. To those who remember the Camero- nian antipathy to ecclesiastical adornments that used to pervade the West of Scot- land. " Free St. John's Church,' in Glas- gow, recently opened, suggests a curious train of thought. The genuine old Cameronian or Macmillanite could not be persuaded that Divine ordinances admin- istered within a house built with hands possessed any efficacy. The bleak hill side was his favourite place of worship. Even the Establishment conformists in- sisted upon a meagre style of ecclesias- tical building. Scarcely half-a-dozen years have elapsed since the introduction of a bit of stained glass into one of the windows of St. Enoch's Kirk sat the half of Glasgow by the ears for a fortnight ; and over the whole of Scotland, the recent practice of terminating the gable— peaks of churches and chapels with a cross to distinguish them from barns, has occasioned much sighing and groaning. But now, even the pure and rigid Free Kirk has contracted the vain and frivo- lous taste for Papistical adornments. '' Free St, John's " is not merely decora- ted with a beautiful stained window, re- markable for the elegance of taste, and richness and harmony of colour it displays ; it is more bedizened with graven images than the Roman Catholic Chapel in Clyde street. " Effigies of Dr. Chalmers and Dr. Brown are placed over the large win- dow to the east of the door-way ; and over the window to the west of it are effigies of Dr. McFarlane and Dr. Gordon ; while over the great entrance door-way, considerably higher up, are effigies of Luther, Knox, Calvin, and Melville. on the west side of the church are the Marquis of Argyle and Wickliffe, and on the east, Patrick Hamilton and George Wishart." These are the Saints of the New Catholic Church in Scotland. The Scotch Covenanter was something intermediate between the believer in Walhalla and him who had imbibed all the mildness of Christianity. It is scarcely possible to avoid fancying that his grim spirit may still be borne about in the Scotch mists once tenanted by Os- sian's spirit of Loda. The stern concen- trated indignation of the ghost on be- holding the vain adornments of the churches reared by men who call them- selves his special descendants and repre- sentatives must be terrific. The very shabbies that did the work on Magus Muir, or kept the pass at Bothwell Brig must rattle in their sheaths from in- dignation, and many a broad blue bonnett will be pulled more deeply over the hard features beneath it, as the old peasant looks away from " the fearless fuleries" with which his pastors have allowed their church walls to be desse- crated. — London Spectator. Electric Clocks. — We are glad to perceive that this invention of our in- genious townsman, Mr Bain, is deservedly attracting much of the public attention, and that several public bodies have de- termined upon testing the principle. We yesterday noticed a very handsome elec- tric clock which had been fixed in the Outer House of the Court of Session, by Mr Bain, and which was viewed as an object of great interest, on account of the novelty and importance of the prin- ciple upon which it is constructed, and much admired for its chaste, and, at the same time, elegant exterior. — Record. Potatoes without Salt. — Our con- temporary the Fifeshire Journal, states that a meeting was held at Capar for the purpose of hearing M. Monad, a Protes- tant minister of France. The speech of the rev. gentleman appears to have been greatly made up of stories, a sort of com- modity which many platform orators are exceedingly fond of. Among other stories related at the time, one was that of a poor man who having been accustomed to live on potatoes and salt, had given up the use of salt and devoted the amount of his expenditure in that article to the funds of the French Protestant Church. Our contemporary animadverts with great in- dignation on this despicable narrative— and we cordially sympathise in the feel- ings he has expressed. It is pitiful to the last degree for men to go about relating such trumpery occurrences, as if matters in which their party were honourably con- cerned. We did not know that the Pro- testant Church of France was in such a deplorable state of squalid medicancy as to be under the necessity of accepting or such wretched gifts, or that it had in its communion a man who could boast of them. We thought that it was the duty of Christians to give to the needy the necessaries of life. It would now appear that it is quite allowable to deprive them of even salt under pious pretences— Record. The Poor of Wick. — A " list of the poor of the parish of Wick, presently re- ceiving relief from the Poor's Funds, " is now in the course of circulation amongst the rate- payers of the parish. The total number of individuals presently receiving relief, including children, appears to be considerably above 420, and the average monthly allowances varies from 4s to 5s, but the most extraordinary feature pre- sented in this document, is the age of the parties. It will scarcely be credited, but it in nevertheless a fact, that there are on this list, the names of 150 individuals whose united ages amount to 11,396 years, or an average of nearly 73 years each ! Not one of these have reached their 90th year. Forty-one are from 60 to 70 years of age; sixty-five are from 70 to 80 ; forty-four are from 80 to 89. Upwards of 260 of the whole are females, 108 being distinguished as widows. The highest allowance given is 12s. per week and the lowest 6d. — John o'Groat's Jour- nal. 