TO THE REVEREND JOHN PHILIP GELL. Sir,—I have not adverted in my former com- munication, to the attempt made by Dr. Potter to support the doctrine of Apostolic Succession, by an argument based on the supposition that the Angels of the seven Apocalyptic Churches were successors of the Apostles. Nor is it necessary to advert to it, as if, as it has been shown, the Apostles could not have successors, whatever opinion may be maintained as regards the official character of the Angels, the doctrine of Apostolic Succession is not in any way affected thereby. The argument, besides being inconclusive, Is tedious, and has been repeatedly refuted both before and since Dr. Potter's time. But even were it granted that the Apostles could have successors, one thing, I think, is very certain, that their successors cannot be found In the Church of England. The ordination of the first Bishops, at the time of the Reformation, is maintained by learned divines to be invalid, from the objectionable and incomplete Form of words used on the occasion. Take the Holy Ghost, and remember that thou stir up the grace that is in thee, and the apposition of hands. So forcible was the objection considered that, in 1662, the Convocation altered the Form of ordaining Priests and consecrating Bishops ; but this could not remedy the mischief of upwards of a hundred years' standing, during which succession com pletely failed. Butler, who received only Presbyterian Baptism, and who studied for the Presbyterian ministry, became subsequently Bishop of Bristol, and at last Bishop of Durham. His fellow-student, Secker, who was first Bishop of Bristol, then of Oxford, and finally Archbishopj of Canterbury and Primate of all England, re- ceived no other than Presbyterian Baptism, and there is strong reason to believe that Tillotson, the son of a Baptist, another Archbishop of Can- terbury, was never baptised at all, either by Lay- man, Presbyterian, or Episcopalian. There is no evidence that be was ever ordained a Deacon, although he was permitted to hold the office of a Deacon. Even in later, and more civilised and enlightened times," says Dr. Whately, " the pro- bability of an irregularity, though very greatly diminished, is yet diminished only, and not abso- lutely destroyed. Even in the memory of persons living, there existed a Bishop [Tillotson]. con- cerning whom there was so much mystery and un- certainty prevailing, as to when, where, and by whom he had been ordained, that doubts existed in the minds of many persons whether he had ever been ordained at all. " How of what value could ordi- nation at the hands of these three Prelates be in keeping up the Succession? and jet many, it may it be all, of the present Bishops in the Church of England derive their orders from them. And Charles, the Royal martyr, the Head of the Church in his day. received only Presbyterian Baptism, " at the hands of Mr. David Lyndsay, in Dunfermline, upon Tuesday the 23rd of De- cember, 1600, as a book in the Lyon's office at Edinburgh bears." And George III. and George IV., also in their day successively Head of the Church, received no valid Baptism, according to the Apostolic Succession mystery, both having been baptised by Secker. Many other instances could be given of a similar kind, but these are enough to show how perfectly untenable is Dr. Nixon's position, " that the Episcopal Church of England is the only true branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church existing in England, because its ministers have received their order and commis- sion in regular descent through the Apostles from Christ." It may be, and probably is, that Dr. Nixon's own descent is from this unbaptised and unordained Tillotson, or from Butler, or Secker, who were much in the same position as regards Succession ; at all events, he can trace it to one of the uncanonically and imperfectly or- dained Bishops of the days of the Reformation Now, however destructive this evidence may be of Dr. Nixon's theory, that he has received his orders and commission in regular descent through the Apostles from Christ, it cannot be denied that it is borne out by facts. Nay, Dr. Nixon himself, by his injunction, that all the ministers of the anglican Episcopal Church in this island were by a fixed day to transmit their letter's of orders of priest and deacon to him, "that they might be examined (and if found correct) registered," ad- mits the possibility of the orders of these ministers being invalid, and directly asserts the existence of suih a possibility in his charge. It might have been that all were invalid, or that some of them were invalid, and then how lamentable the ease of those who had been baptised by ministers whose orders were invalid. What remedy existed? Could confirmation cure the defect ? No ; for Tindal calls it " this domme ceremonie of confir- mation ;" and Cranmer says, " there is no place in Scripture that declareth this Sacrament to be instituted by Christ;" and Dr. Edmonds says, " there be no promises of grace made by Christ to them that receive confirmation." Truly, then, it is but " a domme ceremonie." It thus may be, if all the benefits of Christianity depend upon the correctness of priest's orders, that all in this island, and not this island only, but over the world, are without the pale of Christianity, excluded from its blessings and promises, and are in the enviable position of those who, according to Augustine's doctrine, approvingly referred to by the Bishop of Tasmania from their baptism being invalid " assuredly must perish. " What a poor and meagre view of the doctrines of Christianity does not this Apostolic Succession theory display, stripping the Saviour of all his attributes, denuding him of his power, limiting the operation of his merits, depreciating the value of his atoning sacrifice, narrowing his kingdom, and impeding his grace? But how well devised and calculated is it to exalt and magnify the priestly character, and to aggrandize priestly domination? And how valuable and rich is the fruit it has yielded, and still is yielding—the disunion and disruption of the Protestant world ? This it is— this childish day-dream—this visionary specula- tion—which weakens and paralyses Protestant exertion, and checks or prevents all combination of effort in carrying out measures calculated to promote the general welfare. But this is nothing when put in competition, with the pleasing fallacies of Apostolic Succession. But how will the day-dreamers be startled, and how will their bright visions be dissipated, and how will their glorious Imaginings topple and fall, when they learn that their Succession whatever it may be, is derived from a Presbyterian Church, and that a Scottish Presbyterian Church? and many a page of the great volume of history, ere this fact can be set aside, must be obliterated. I must now, to make this evident, recall to your recollection that, about the year 560, Columba came from Ireland to Scotland with twelve Pres byters, and established a monastery in Ii or Iona. The Scotichronicon gives this account of the matter:—" Columba, Presbyter, came to the Picts, and converted them to the faith of Christ, those, I say, who live near the northern moors ; and their King gave them that island, which in com- monly called Ii. In it, as it is reported, there are five hides of land, on which Columba erected a monastery ; and he himself resided there as Abbot thirty-two years, where he also died when seventy years of age. This place is still held by his suc- cessors. Thereforth there ought to be always in Ii an rç ( /yjt no Bishop, and to him ought all the Scottish, Bishops to be subject; for this reason, that Columba was an Abbot, not a Bishop " Selden states that " Columba, who was not a Bishop, but an Abbot and Presbyter, is designated not only Primate of the Scots and Picts, but Primate of all the Irish Bishops." Bede—your own venerable Bede—writing about the year 700, hears testimony to the same effect—" That island is always wont to have for its governor a Presby ter- Abbot, to whose authority both the whole province, and even the Bishops themselves, by an unusual constitution, ought to be subject, after the example of their first teacher, who was not a Bishop, but a Presbyter and monk. Bede also relates that Oswald, a Prince of the Angles, " sent to the Presbyters of the Scots, amongst whom he had been baptised, that they might send him a Bishop, by whose doctrine and ministry the nation of Angles, which he governed, might be Instructed in the Christian Faith, and receive the Sacraments." The Presbyters sent him Cornac, who however was unsuccessful in his mission, and returned. " In the Assembly of the Presbyters he made relation, how that in teaching he could do the people no good, to which he was, sent, for as much as they were folkes that might not be reclaimed, of a hard capacite, and fierce nature." The Presbyters of Iona decided " to send Aidan to instruct those unlearned Paynima. Thus, making him Bishop, they sent him, forth to preach." Bede's words are—" From this island, therefore, from the college of these Monks, was Aidan sent to the province of the Angles, who were to be initiated into the Christian Faith, having received the degree of the Episcopate. At which time Segenius presided over this monastery as Abbot and Presbyter. " After Aidan's death, Finan succeeded him, "being appointed." says Bede, ' from Ii, an island and monastery of the Scots." Upon his death, the Presbyters sent Colman who became Metropolitan of York, and at the Synod of Strandschalch or Whitby, held in 664, vindicating his mode of celebrating Easter, said—" The Easter which I keep, I received from my Elders or Presbyters, who sent me hither as Bishop, which all our ancestors, men beloved of God, are known to have celebrated in the same manner." Archbishop Usher, in reference to these cir- cumstances, says—-" St. Aidan and St. Finan deserve to be honoured by the English nation, with as venerable a remembrance as, I do not say Wilfrid and Cuthbert, but Austin the Monk, and his followers. For by the ministry of Aidan was the kingdom of Northumberland recovered from Paganism, whereunto belonged then, beside the shire of Northumberland, and the lands beyond It, unto Edinburgh Frith, Cumberland also, and Westmoreland, Lancashire, Yorkshire, and the Bishopric of Durham ; and by the means of Finan, not only was the kingdom of the East Saxons, which contained Essex, Middlesex, and half of Hertfordshire, regained, but also the large kingdom of Mercia concerted first unto Christianity—which comprehended under it, Glou- cestershire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire, War- wickshire, Leicestershire, Rutlandshire, North- amptonshire, Lincolnshire, Huntingdonshire, Bed- fordshire. Buckinghamshire, Shropshire. Not- tinghamshire, Cheshire, and the other half of Hertfordshire The Scottish that professed no subjection to the Church of Rome, were they that sent preachers for the conversion of these countries, and ordained Bishops to govern them, namely, Aidan, Finnn, and Colman successively, for the kingdom of Northumberland; for the East Saxons, Cedd, the brother of Ceadda, the Bishop of York before mentioned ; for the middle Angles, which inhabited Leicestershire and the Mercians, Diuma —for the paucity of Priests, saith Bede, con- strained one Bishop to be appointed over two people, and after him Church and Trumhere, &c.; " Now from this statement it appears that the inhabitants of all England, from Northumberland and Cumberland to the Thames, were reclaimed from heathenism, and brought within the pale of Christianity by the preaching of Presbyter-Mis- sionaries, with no higher order than that of Pres- byters, ordained by the Presbyters of lona; and such is the highest order as appears from what has been already stated, that can be deduced from the Apostolic period. It matters not that Bede uses the word "Bishop," (or, rather "the degree of the Episcopate," " gradum Episcopalus a Scottis ordinatus uc missus acceperat,') that word could not mark a higher order, or office, than that of the Presbyters who conferred the ordination; and it was used by Bede naturally enough, from his habits of thinking and daily associations. What now becomes of the boasted Apostolic Succession of the Bishops of the Church of Eng- land ? Trace it back us you may, from the state- ments of their own historians, and of one of their own Prelates, it terminates in the Culdee Pres byters of Scotland. So well was this known, that, when the Pope's Legate, in 1176 attempted to bring the Church of Scotland into subjection to the Archbishop of York and Kingdom of England, at an Assembly of the chief men of the Kingdom, held to con- sider the matter. Gilbert Murray, then a young man, afterwords Great Chamberlain of Scotland, used, as the foundation of his argument, against making any acknowledgement of subjection, that the Church of England originated in that of Scot- land. " It is true," he said. " English nation, thou attemptest, in thy wretched ambition and lust of domineering, to bring under thy jurisdic- tion thy neighbour provinces and nations, more noble, I will not say in multitude, or power, but in lineage and antiquity, unto whom, if thou wilt consider ancient records, thou shouldst rather have been humbly obedient, or, at least, laying aside thy rancour, have reigned together in per- petual love ; and now will all wickedness of pride that thou shewest, without any reason or law, but in thy ambitious power, thou seekest to oppress thy Mother the Church of Scotland, which from the beginning hath been Catholique and free, and which brought thee, when thou wast straying in the wilderness of heathenism, into the safe- guard of the true faith, and way unto life, even unto Jesus Christ, the Author of eternal rest. She did wash thy Kings and Princes in the Iaver of Holy Baptism ; she taught thee the Commandments of God and instructed thee in moral duties ; she did accept many of thy nobles and other of meaner rank, when they were desirous to learn to read, and gladly gave them daily entertainment without price books also to read, and instruction freely ; she did, also appoint, ordain, and consecrate thy Bishops and Priests ; by the space of thirty years and above, she maintained the primacy and pon- tifical dignity within thee on the north side of the Thames, as Bede witnesseth"— " And now, I pray thee, what recompense renderest thou now unto her that hath bestowed so many benefits on thee? Is it bondage, or such as Judea rendered unto Christ, evil for good ? It seemeth no other thing. If thou couldst do what thou wouldst, thou wouldst draw thy Mother the Church of Scotland, whom thou shouldst honour with all reverence, into the basest and most wretchedest bondage. Fie ! for shame ! what is more base?" This put an end to the attempt. Its iniquity was made too apparent by the reference to the undeniable origin of the encroaching Church. The Archbishop of York, the instigator of the at- tempted outrage against decency and Christian principle, uttered a groan, and laying his hand upon Gilbert Murray's head, said, " Ex tua pharetra non exiit illa sagitta." From whatever quiver the arrow came, it sunk deep and left a rankling wound. Thus ended the first attempt of the Church of England to bring under subjection—her Mother— the Presbyterian Church of Scotland ; and thus, there is little doubt, will end any and every at- tempt to bring the Presbytery of Van Diemen's Land under subjection to the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, their direct and immediate descendant and representative in this, island—under subjec- tion to a mere cadet of the Presbyters of lona ! " the basest and most wretchedest bondage " I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, PRESBYTERIAN SECUNDUS. 