PICTURES FROM ITALY. By Ciias. Dickens. London, 1846. Finsx iMrnESsioNS op genoa. I never, in my life, was so dismayed ! The wonderful novelty of everything, the unusual smells, the unaccountable filth, (though it is reckoned the cleanest of Ita lian towns), the disorderly jumbling of dirtv bouses, one unon the roof of another. the passages more squalid and more close than any in Saint Giles's or old Paris; in and out qf which, not vagabonds, but well dressed women, with white veils and great fans, were passing and repassiug; the per fect absence of resemblance in any dwel ling-house, or shop, or wall, or post, or pillar, to anything one had ever seen before, and the disheartening dirt, discomfort, aud decay, perfectly confounded me. I fell into a dismal reverie. I am conscious of a feverish and bewildered vision of saints and virgins' shrines at the street corners — of great numbers of friars, monks, and sol diers—of vast red curtains waving in the doorways of the churches — of always going up hill, and yet seeing every other street and passage going higher up — ot truit stalls with fresh lemons and oranges hanging in garlands made of vine-leaves — of a guard house and a drawbridge— and some gate ways—and venders of iced waters, sitting with three trays upon the margin of the kennel— and this is all tbe consciousness I bad until I was set down in a rank, dull weedy court-yard, attached to a kind of pink jail, and was told 1 lived there. I little thought, that day, that I should ever come to have an attachment for the very stones in the streets of Genoa, and to look back upon the city with affection, as con nected with many hours of happiness and quieu YEE0NA. I had been half afraid to go to Verona, lest it should- at all put me out of couceit jf Romeoand Juliet. ButI was nosooner come into tbe old market place, than tlie misgiving vanished. It is so fanciful, aud picturesque a place, formed by such an extraordinary and rich variety of fantastic buildings, that there could be nothing better at tbe core of even this romantic town: scene of one of the most romantic and beautiful of stories. It was natural euougb to go straight from the market-place to the House of tbe Capulets, now degenerated into a most miserable little inn. Noisy vetturini and muddy market carts were disputing possession of the yard, which was ankle deep in dirt, with a brood of splashed and bespattered geese ; and there was a grim-visaged dog panting in the doorway, who would certainly have bad Romeo by the leg the moment he put it over the wall, if he had existed and been at large in those times. The orchard fell into other hands, and was parted off many years ago ; but there used to be one to the house— or at all events there may have been— and the hat (capello) the ancient cognizance of the family may still be seen, carved in stone over the gateway of the yard. Tbe geese, the market-carts, their drivers, and the dog, were somewhat in the way of the story it must be confessed ; and to have been able to walk through the dis used rooms. But tbe hat was unspeakably comfortable ; and the place where tbe gar den used to be, hardly less so. Besides, the house is a distrustful jealous-looking house as one would destie to see, though of a very moderate size. So I was quite satis fied with it, as the veritable mansion of old Capulet, and was correspondingly grateful in my acknowledgments to an extremely unsentimental middle-aged lady, the Pa drona of the Hotel, who was lounging on the threshold looking at the geese, and who at least resembled the Uapulets in me one particular of being very great indeed in the 'family' way. From Juliet's home to Juliet's tomb is a transition as natural to the visitor as to fair Juliet herself. So t went off with a guide to an old, old garden, once belonged to an old, old convent, I sup pose; and beinjr admitted at a shattered gate, by a bright-eyed woman who was washing clothes, went down some walks where fresh plants and young flowers were prettily growing among fragments of old wall and ivy-covered mounds, aud was shewn a little tank or water-trough, which the bright-eyed woman called ' La tomba di Giuletta la sfortiinata.' With the best disposition in the world to believe, I could do no more than believe that the woman believed. It was a pleasure, rather than a disappointment, that Juliet's resting-place was forgotten. However consolatory it was to Yorick's ghost to hear the feet upon the pavement overhead, aud, twenty times a day, the repetition of his name, it is better for Juliet to lie out of tbe track of tourists, and to have no visitors but such as come to graves in spring-rain, and sweet air and sunshine. Now for a bird's-eye view of ROME IN THE DISTANCE. When we were fairly off again, we began, in a perfect fever, to strain our eyes fur Rome; and wheu, after another mile or two, the Eternal city appeared at length in the distance, it looked like— 1 am half afraid to write the word— like Loudon I There it lay, under a thick cloud, with innume rable towers aud steeples, and rnofs of houses, rising up into the sky, and, high above them all, one dome. I swear that, keenly as I felt the seeming absurdity of the comparison, it was so like London at that distance, that if you could have shown it to me in a glass, I should have taken it for nothing else. 