HOURS IN HINDOOSTAN. BY H. R. ADDISON. a tale op writers' buildings. We had drunk deeply ; Writer' Buildings re- echoed with our shouts of mirth ? eleven o'clock sounded. yet not a word of parting had yet been pronounced. The loll shrob (claret) was excellent; the guests (tuiuoiii ) utiiinu wtgivo ui u Oliuiiiu description in Europe, not an argument had ariseu to dim the bright hilarity of the evening. A feeling of brotherhood exists amongst Englishmen in Indin, arising from the distance of their common home, that joins them in Closer tics of friendship than those we enter into elsewhere, more par ticularly if you are " in the service." In our country a man may be in the anny, navy, church, or law, and yet not feel that every one in his pro fession is, consequently, his intimate friend. In India, however, those who, as I said before, are " in the 6cvvice," consider themselves as members of a fraternity which binds them together by links of the strongest friendship. It is true, the civillian is apt to think himself a much greater man than the soldier ; jet, as this feeling is prin cipally displayed by opening his house, and entertaining his less rich fellow- labourers, the military man has little to grumble at, and consequently partakes of the sump tuous fare afforded him without murmur, ns I did 011 the evening I hare selected for this sketch. Jack Thornton had lately arrived. He was the son of a director, and perhaps, assumed a few airs and graces in consequence, which were willingly admitted ; for in Bengal we look upon the lord's of Lcadcn- hall as something exceeding the Emperor of Russia in power, in riches beyond Crassus, and (I must in common gratitude add) in loud ness unequalled by any other rulers in the world. To come back, how ever, to my story. The conversation had turned ujion ghosts. Some boldly ad mitted their belief in such appear ances ; others half-doubted ; while the third, and most numerous por tion of the company loudly ridiculed the idea as being impossible, offer ing to undergo all kinds of tests in order to prove their scepticism. At the head of this party was young Thornton. " It is really too ridiculous to talk of sucli things in the nineteenth century, cried he. " Ghosts, in deed ! I should like to see one/1 "So should I,'' chimed in Grave- Stock ; " nothing would give me so much pleasure." "Here's a health to all ghosts, and goblins !" laughingly shouted Jom Bnghott, a young cavalry- officer, and the toast was drunk with great merriment. " As an amendment, I vote that we go and drink it in the church yard," said Thornton ; " they'll hear us better there." !' Really, I fear, my dear sir, you arc going a little too far," said Mr. Martin, the clergyman of St. John's; "like yourself, I am no believer in such ap pearances as you describe ; but I must confess that I am wholly opposed to such indecorous proceedings as those you propose. Invocations of the kiud might, indeed, summon with anger the dead from the graves." iweddlel interrupted Gravestock. " Egad ! if they're to be had out of their very resting-places," said Thorn ton, "we'll have 'em. Here goes!" said he; and, assuming a very serious uir and manner, in despite of the oppo sition of the clergyman, he pronounced in a solemn voice, " By all the powers of necromancy, past, present, and future, by every incantation, holv and unholy, by every adjuration, I hereby, if such "a thing be possible, call upon the dead to appear!" ... Ragliott, who had left the room for a single instant, hearing this pompous conjuration, suddenly burst into the room with a loud " Bah !" The effect was so sudden, so unex pected, that Thornton uttered a loud scream, and sprang from his chair. In an instant the general laugh recalled him to _ hinisell, when, smarting under tile quiz, which being unanimously kept up nt his expense, he wisely refrained from resenting, he reseated himself, deter mined, however, not only to be quits with Master Tom 011 a future occasion but also to redeem bis character from' the braggadoci hue which now slightly tinged it. After much laughing, after a hundred other topics bad heen ui turn discussed, Thornton suddenly turn,.,! round, and abruptly adverted to the conversation, which had already caus d him so much pain ; " Gentlemen, f was taken by surnw- just now; I was startled. 1 aekfiowled-v". and overcome by sudden fear ; but.'Vs you have had your laugh at me, it is but fair, in my turn, 1 should have my re venge on some of you. I require but a slight one. A thousand rupees will com pensate for the little affront that has been put upon mo. Now. g,.„t, u-|1() will bet me a thousand rupees that ! do not go through any ordeal with reject 0 ghosts and goblins that may be as signed to mc ?" " I will," replied the president ; for he wished sincerely to make up for his apparent rudeness in having joined the laugh atThornton's expense, even though he felt he should lo:c his money. " Done !" " Done 1" ' " Now, then, what am I to do t" " It is nearly twelve o'clock. You shall tro to the cliurch-vnrd of. St. John's which is close by, and pick up a skull I saw there laying there to-day, near old llnliday's tomb, and with a hammer and nail, which you can take with you, fasten the said skull to the wooden monument temporarily erected over 'the grave of poor Martin ; come back, and finish the evening here — I think I have let him off lightly," added the president in a whis per to his next neighbour. " I only bargain for one thing, namely, that no practical jokes ore played off on me. To insure this, promise me that no one slits from this table till 1 return; I, on the other hand, nm willing, on my return, to pledge my honour that I have accomplished my task, or pay the bet. You must, however, alllow me two hours to perform it, as 1 must take tlio oppor tunity when the watch is off his beat." These terms were agreed to, the re quired nssurance given, and Thornton stnrted off to his house to prepare himself for his undertaking, leaving the revellers to enjoy themselves till his return. Once more at home, Thornton sent out a scout to see that the coast was clear; then changing his dress, and don ning a large military cloak, he armed himself with a hammer and nail, and started off for St. John's churchyard. The night was one of those beautiful specimens of oriental climates, which in some degree compensate for the violent heat of the day. The heavens presented a sheet of the very darkest blue, thickly studded with stars. No moon was visinic, out tne tesscr luminaries gave sufficient light to distinguish impcrlectly objects in the immediate neighbourhood. A gentle breeze fanned the earth, slightly sighing as it passed through the orna mental buildings of the city. Arrived nt this destination, without meeting with a single living being, Thornton boldly entered the churchyard, steadily resolved to accomplish the feat that had been proposed to him. It is true he felt a slight lluttcring around the region of the heart, for which lie could not nccount ; a continual desire to swal low his saliva, which, though generally admitted to be an indiction of fear, or strong emotion, could scarcelv be so in the present instance; (or the vnutli never stepped more fit mlv then when he entered the place of Christian sepul ture. Without much difficulty he found the skull ; but ns be picked it up, he cculd not help thinking he hcaid some one pronounce his name. As he raised himself, n shadow appeared to (lit by him. Could he be deceived by his senses ? Could the dead thus rite to re proach him ? Well lie knew, alter the pledge that he had, received, that none of his companions couid have followed him. The tnan he had sent as scout had loo well examined the place to believe that any one could lurk there. Whence, then, the sound which he had heard, as it were close to his car? Already lie began to feel that lie was wrong in thus desecrating by his presence the place of tombs. For a metnent be hesitated whether he slould not icturn nnd give up the bet- The money was no object ; but the taunlings which would attend such a result he could not bear ; so, in spite of everything, lie detertniucd to complete his task. He now strode across the burial- ground. He suddenly felt a jerk. He started, and uttered a low ejaculation. He looked round ; it was merely his cloak, thai liad raiifht llin rnriwr r%f n tombstone. He hastily snatched it away, and proceeded. Presently he felt a blow on his leg. For a moment he was startled. In the next he smiled, as he perceived it was only against a prostrate iron rail that he had hit it. On coming close to Martin's place of rest, lie stepped on some new earth, and sank ancle deep iuto it. It was the new grave of a friend, a fellow-passenger, who had been interred that rno.ning. He felt shocked ; yet, determined on accom plishing his enterprise, heat length laid iris hand on the wooden tablet, which, till the marble one should be completed covered the remains of poor Martin, iris brother writer, his late chum. As he knelt down beside the monu ment, which consisted of a Hat piece of board, resting on four brick walls, about eighteen inches from the ground, he lelt more inclined to pray for the repose ot his friend's soul, and thus to pollute the covering to his ashes by an unholy act. Again, however, the idea of the ridicule to which he would be exposed, shot across his mind, and he set about Ins task, being determined to do it as quietly ns possible. Having placed tbe skull upon the tablet, lie was pulling his hammer from ins pocket, when, 111 turning, his hat was suddenly knocked off. He rose, and with the boldness oitcu inspired bv tear, looked around him. No one was "car. He had, most liU'y. struck it against something, and sa caused it to iali off. In groping around he grasped a human bone, which he threw away with a shudder. Again lie felt about, and his had touched a cold, slimy frog. Us icy, clammy chill reminded "him of deatli, and lie determined to finis his labour before be again sought his hat ; so down |„. knelt, and earnestly com- nienced !t:s task. \\\ itli extreme agita- tion lie began to fasten the skull to the tomb. As the nail ground through the bone, ho fancied some one or other twitched him from behind ; but, de termined that nothing should now deter him, lie gave one more stroke, and the dead man's head was firmly affixeJ to the monument of his friend. He was about to rise when lie felt himself held down by the luck of his neck, llete there could be no mistake. " Who is there ?" loutllv demanded Thornton. " By heaven 1 if yon dnn'i let mc go. I'll strike you dead with this hammer!" No answer was given, und Thornton began to feel extremely agi tated. " Who's there, I sav ? I'll not consider this a joke. Scoundrel, let mc up !" And lie strove to rise, but in vain; the same firm gmsp held him by the nape of the nock. His horror now almost amounted to madness; for bv stretching out hit leg, lie had cleatly ascertained that no one was behind liiin. " Living or dead, vou shall no conquer mc !" added he, in n paroxysm ot fear and desperation ; " you shall not hold me I"— and he attempted suddenly to spring up. In the next instant lie was dashed down upon his face, perfectly insensible. In the mean time tbe two hours demanded by tbe f.dvcntnrous better had expired, nnd some of the party at the Writers' Buildings proposed to go und look alter Thornton, and claim the bet, which was now clearly won. Supposing that iris courage bail failed him, and that lie had quietly sneaked home, to avoid the sneers ol the company, it was pro posed they should one und all go to the young man's house, nnd have their laugh out at bis expense. The proposal was warmly approved of, ond they) sallied forth ; but, alas 1 the bird was down. From the servant's nccount, he had cviJcnlly gone forth to accomplish the task he had undertaken ; so to the burying-phce they joyously iruugcu. 1 lie gate was open; I horn- ton was evidently there. Tlicy shouted to him ; no reply was given ; so in they marched. Presently they came to Martin's grave, beside which lay their friend, perfectly motionless. In an in stant the drunken party became sobered, and tbey felt too late that they had en gaged in an affair likely to terminate in a disagreeable manner, and reproached themselves with having seriously Light ened a good comrade and a valued friend. Those who were nearest imme diately stepped forward 10 raise poor Thornton up. He was cold and insen sible. A doctor, who was ol the parly, advanced he looked alarmel, felt tbe pu'50, put bis band upon the breast, then turning round, exclaimed, in a voice winch struck terror to every heart around him, " He is dead — juite dead !" The friends who supported him hoped ho was deceived, and attempted to ic- movc the body. It was attached to the tomb. Io an instant tbe whole cause ol his terror and death was apparent. Ihs cloak had slipped in between the skull and the tablet — he had firmly nailed it to the monument, so that when he had endeavoured, poor (ullow ! to rise, he ha 1 been held down by the back ol the col- tar, and, striving with a jerk to (rce him self, bad been naturally thrown down by it. The matter was bushed up. To this day the Irierids ol the unhappy youth know not the cause of bis death. From that moment none ol the company have ever indulged in a practical joke. A brave, a good, and virtuous youth was thus immcl.itcd in ntlrmpting 10 prove bis courage, where no such test was required. May Iris example serve as a beacon to the foolhardy 1 