THE " MEDWAY " AND THE "CANTON FROM ENGLAND. It is our pleasing task this week to announce two direct arrivals from England, namely, the Medway and the Canton. The Medway is a new arrival, in every sense, be ing an entirely new ship, of 653 tons, and of which, the present is the first voyage. But although the :commander, Captain Coombes, is not an old ac quaintance, he is by no means new to these seas ; having performed many voyages to the Australian colonies. It must be highly gratifying to him to know that in the laudations of his seamanship and. benevolence we have not met with a dissentient voice; and we are happy to add that the owners intend to keep the Medway in this trade, not as a Competitor, but as an annual packet ship. The voyage was performed in ninety-eight days, the Medway having lost sight of the Land's End of Cornwall on the 20th April, and arrived in our har bour on the 27th ultimo. The passengers were seventy-eight in number. Those in the cabin included Mr and Mrs J. B. Montefiore with a fine family of nine daughters and two sons. Mr Richards and Mr Overton must also be classed amongst the " blessed," for we observe their " quivers" are also pretty " full." We have seldom perused a better manifest of cargo than that of the Medway, and to make the " assortment" complete, we observe £15,000 in coin for the Bank of Australasia. It is said that the Colonial Manager has arranged for large periodical supplies from England; and the Bank of South Australia is also expecting similar ship ments. The Canton, 506 tons, Friend, master, left Gravesend on the 20th April, and Plymouth on the 27th of the same month, bringing 256 passengers, of whom the majority are free emigrants, including, a hundred female servants. This ship, which has made the present passage in ninety four days, per formed her first voyage to South Australia several years ago, when she brought cargo for the South Australian Company. Our newspaper files by the Medway are to the 16th April, and those by the Canton to the 20th, private advices being to the 24th, and the latest advices direct received from South Australia are to the 19th October; but over land despatches had reached London to the 12th November, We should be wanting in gratitude to the Great Disposer of human affairs, if we omitted to notice with expressions of heartfelt thankfulness these new instances of safe arrival, especially as these ships bring us the particulars of a long list of Atlantic disasters, in addition to those fre quent losses which we have recorded from time to time, which seem to prove the comparative safety of the more distant voyage to South Australia, which, during nearly ten years from its foundation as a colony, has been almost exempt from any ma ritime disaster involving extensive loss o human life; whilst to the Western Hemisphere the an nual list of catastrophes had been sadly ushered in during the first month of the present year. About the middle of January commenced one of the most terrific and protacted tempests that ever swept the Atlantic, continuing with scarcely, any intermission during the space of forty five days, and bringing home a catalogue of calamitous occurrences, which, distressing as they are, are only deemed the. pre-, cursors of still more melancholy tidings concern ing a large number of missing, or at least long overdue ships. The Tigress, from Leith, sailed for this port and Port Phillip on the 1st of April, and the Compeli or was appointed to sail from London on the 18th. May; but the Bombay, so long expected from the Clyde, is reported to have been taken off the berth. The Patell will in all probability arrive here from Bremen in September next, and will bring of miners, charcoal- burners, and smelters, more than fifty, who, together with a large number of other useful emigrants, were already " booked " at the date of the last advices from Germany. The Amelia hence January 29th, arrived at Table Bay on the 11th April and sailed on the 14th; and the John Heyes hence loth February, arrived at the Cape on the 14th April, and sailed on the 18th. Mr Waghorh the indefatigable originator of the overland Indian mails has turned his attention to the practicability of effecting a speedy and profit able steam communication between Britain and her Australasian colonies; and convened a meeting for the purpose of developing his views, at the London Tavern, on the 17th April, which was nu merously attended, and upon the whole successful. It transpired at the meeting that the attempt is patronised by the English Government, and a com mittee was formed to decide upon the most prac tical route, that of Mr Waghorn's being understood as having the sanction of the Government. At present, in the direction of Australia, the English steam communication extends no further than Singapore, leaving an immense hiatus of—at a rough guess—4,500 miles. This hiatus was pro posed to be filled up by establishing a steam-boat station at Singapore, the vessels connected with which would run to Australia, touch at Batavia, round the north-eastern coast of Australia, and arrive at Port Jackson. We agree with the Register, however, in stating that the most gratifying English announcement re lating to this colony is one to which publicity had been given in the advertisement columns of the Times, namely, that a monthly succession of first class ships, of 500 tons and upwards, with poops and most excellent accommodations for cabin, in termediate, and steerage passengers, would sail from Gravesend for Adelaide, direct, on May 18, June 15, July 20, and August 17; calling at South ampton to embark passengers, and sailing thence ten days later. These vessels will all bring free emigrants as well as passengers, independently of about 1000 whom the Australian Mining Company have stipulated with the Commissioners to be al lowed to send by virtue of their special survey, of which the entire amount instead of a moiety is thus to be appropriated to emigration. But this is not all. It is intended to follow these up by monthly packet and passenger ships for South Australia, and opinions which we think may be relied on are highly favourable to the probability of such a regular communication being well sus tained, the chief inducement being the prospect of obtaining good return cargoes of copper ores. His Royal Highness Prince Albert had honoured Mr George French Angas by an inspection of his South Australian and New Zealand portraits and paintings at the Marquis of Northampton's soiree, for the public exhibition of which the artist had taken the Egyptian Hall, which was successfully opened by him as the 6th April, under the es pecial patronage of the Queen and His Royal Highness Prince Albert. The unsparing absorption of British capital in English and Foreign railways militated against the embarkation of money in our mines, respecting which some degree of incredulity and much misinformation still existed, which the march of time and the occur rence of repeated arrivals of rich produce could alone dispel. It is but fair to state, however, that the Taglioni, having on board the first shipment of Burra Burra ore, had not arrived when the Canton sailed ; although she was anxiously looked for, having been spoken, at St Helena on the. 2d March ; and the fact of subsequent intended shipments by the John Heyes and other vessels was known. Whilst on the subject of mining, we have much pleasure in mentioning the unanimous approval of the taking of the Mount Barker Special Survey by the manager here, on behalf of the South Australian Company. It was reported to be the intention of the British Government to charge a duty of 21s per ton upon all imported copper ores, Colonial or Foreign. But the strong representations of a deputation from Birming ham—whose object was to obtain free importations of Foreign ores—were listened to very attentively by Sir Robert Peel, although he declined to make any re mission. Any such duty must operate together with high freights, in producing increased care on the part of exporters as tending to discourage the shipment of ores of inferior yield. The latest prices of commodities in which our readers-will be most interested, are as follow Australian combing wool, 1s 6d to 2s 2½d per 1b. Clothing do., Is 4d to 2s 5d. Australian tallow, 38s to 42s per cwt. Sperm oil, £81 to £82 per ton. Whalebone, £240 to £250 per ton. British copper, (cake), £93 per ton. Ditto, new sheet, 10½d per lb. Ditto, old ditto, 9½ per lb. British lead, (pig) £19 10s to £19 15s per ton. Ditto, (sheet). £20 10s per ton. Ditto, (white), £23 10s to £26 per ton. British tin, in blocks, £4 15s per cwt. Bancs, and Straits ditto, in bond, £4 per cwt. Spelter, deli vered, £19 per ton. English zinc, (sheet), £28 to £30 per ton. Iron, in bars, £9 10s per ton. Wheat, best English, (white), 10s to 10s 4d per 701bs. Red ditto, 9s to 9s 2d per 701bs. The average for the week ending April 4, was 55s 9d per quarter, or 7s per bushel nearly, English fine flour being 43s 6d to 45s 6d per sack of 2801bs. The highest quotation we can find for gum from this Province is 30s per cwt.; the latest date of ad vices was April 16th. A meeting was held on Tuesday, the 17th March, in the Egyptian Hall, Mansion House, in connection with the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel; with the view of devising means to encourage the spread of public worship and religious instruction in the colonies. The meeting, presided over by the Lord Mayor, was very numerously end respectably attended, the hall being crowded in every part with ladies and gentlemen, and the platform being filled with bishops, clergymen, M.P's, and some of the most distinguished and influential merchants in the City. The Bishops of London and Jamaica, Lord John Russell, M.P., Mr T. Baring, Sir G. Latpent, and other gentlemen moved the following resolutions " That about 40,000 persons, for the most part of the poorest class, annually go out as emigrants to settle in the British Colonies, while a great present deficiency of the means of public worship and religious instruction exists in those countries." " That the poor labourers and workmen who are com pelled to seek an independent subsistence for themselves and their families in the colonies, and are thus deprived of the advantages provided for them at home, in their own parish church and school, have a strong claim on their countrymen for help in providing themselves and their children with the ministrations of religion and the means of education." That the merchants, bankers, and traders of the City of London, whose commercial interests are so closely inter- woven with the prosperity of the colonies, are specially called upon to promote their moral and spiritual welfare." " That a subscription in behalf of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel be now opened; and that, with a view of carrying the foregoing resolutions into fuller effect, a central committee of the Society be formed for the purpose of soliciting subscriptions and donations from all classes in the City of London ; that special committees be formed in each parish or district, and that the clergy and churchwardens he invited to act on the committees in their several parishes." One of our Irish exchanges mentions that Sir R. Peel had declined to present the petitions of the Rev. J. Sinnott, and the Repeal wardens of Wexford, praying for the appointment of Roman Catholic Chaplains to the Foreign stations. The South Australian News of April 1 says, in reference to the facilities granted to conditionally pardoned convicts to migrate to South Australia, that the measure which originated with Lord Stanley—is defended by Mr Secretary Gladstone. " We understand" (says the South Australian News), "that in the replies received from the Colonial Office to several representations made on this subject, the defence of the obnoxious measure is based, chiefly, on the literal meaning of the terms in the Acts of Parliament, namely— ' That no person shall be transported as a convict to any place within the said Province.' This may be thought, in Downing-street, to be a good and sufficient official argu ment. We consider it a mere evasion—we might employ a stronger term. All those who have emigrated to South Australia, went, firmly believing that their selected home on the other side of the globe, was to be as certainly protected from the inroads of convicts as their native land. And this persuasion, the Legislature did most certainly intend to j produce. Let our rulers, therefore, secure to South Aus tralia, the same exemption from this curse, as they provide for England, and we shall he satisfied—but with nothing less will the colonists or the friends of South Australia be satisfied—nor ought they." Our contemporary further assures us that the friends of the colony in England, are determined to bring the matter before Parliament. Upon this subject we. observe a long and able article in. the Elgin Courant, of the 6th March (a paper, by-the-by, (which has more than once de- voted considerable space to the circulation of in- formation regarding this colony), which our far- north contemporary thus concludes' It would indeed be a mournful spectacle to find no moral oasis in our antipodean possessions. Vice is a monster of rapid growth, and, like the upas-tree, poisons every func- tion with which it is impregnated. For the sake, then, of the enterprising spirit of pur colonial brethren—for the comfort and peace of the aged—for the future conduct and happiness of the young—and to save these, promising pro vinces from, the pests, of Norfold Island—we earnestly desire that the rights and-privileges of these colonists, con firmed by two Acts of the Imperial Parliament, so unjustly wrested from them, be speedily renewed with their original efficiency. We may remark in passing our contemporary's want of precise information as to our geographical definition, since he speaks of " these promising provinces" instead of "this province," and of" the colonies," instead of " the colony," of South Aus tralia and Mr Dickens the literary Editor of the Daily Vews has placed the Blue Mountains and Darling Ranges of New South Wales within the province of South Australia. An equally gross blunder is committed by a correspondent of the Colonial Gazette, who, In what purposes to be a correct statement of the quantity of wool imported into England in 1844 and 1845, classes Adelaide and Port Phillip together. We would recommend the Committee for Diffusing Information on the State and Prospects of South Australia, who have recently issued a small coloured map illustrative of the position of that colony with reference to the neighbouring countries, to forward copies to these gentlemen. But small advances had been made by either House of Parliament towards fulfilling the large promises of the Queen's speech. The Tariff, like Mahomet's coffin, was suspended mid-air, between the higher and the lower power, allow time for the passing of the Irish Protection Bill; whilst the resistance un expectedly offered to this Bill by the Irish members, had put a practical obstruction in the way of commer cial measures. The country was getting impatient of delays created in both Houses to the settlement of the Cora Bill, so essential to all interests, especially as five millions of money was locked up in Foreign grain, which a decision upon the Corn Importation Bill, before Easter, would have restored to circulation. Trade and Commerce were paralysed, and there was ageneral want of confidence among parties en gaged in business. Discissions continue as to how the Tariff will fare in the Lords. The opinions of some 300 members of that House are ascertained, it is said, and they are nearly equally balanced ; hut the views of some fifty more are oscillating. Upon these, the fate of the measure, and of the Government, depends. It is as serted, with a good deal of confidence, by the advo cates of the Tariff, that a majority of at least twenty five will affirm the Bill, but that some amendments in committee may endanger its existence. There is still much speculation afloat on the subject; for, in truth, it is one respecting which the tendency to gos sip is almost irresistible. On the ultimate fate of the Bill, the Liverpool Albion has the following au thentic information:— We are informed, on authority which cannot be doubted, that "the die is cast." The monopolist peers have had their, meetings, one after another, and the issue is that the march of free trade is to be resisted to the uttermost, Lord Stanley, never deficient in animal courage, and always forward when mischief is to be done, has undertaken so to mutilate and mangle the ministerial measure in committee that it wili be quite impossible for the free trade party in the House of Commons to accept it when it is returned to them. Our regret, we confess, is greater than our surprise at this information. Their lordships have always been tardy learners in the school of wisdom, and, therefore, we may not wonder at their preserving this characteristic of their order in the present instance. And what are they to gain by playing this dangerous game with an irritated and angry people? Or, rather, what may they not lose by their appalling folly? But, while such is the present intention of the Lords, Sir R. Peel, we are assured, is resolute and determined on the subject. He has made up his mind that he will take no measure but his own. It is out Casar aut nihil with him. He will have all or none. The monopo lists must be prepared to form an administration or face a dissolution of Parliament in tbe very hour when they give a mortal stab to his proposition. So stands the case at present. We speak on the authority of one engaged in playing the game himself. Another paper, apparently equally well informed, has the following, under date the 19th April:— On dit that the Government have a majority of proxies for the second reading in the Peers. The battle will be in the committee, where proxies are not available, and here Lord Stanley hopes to disfigure the ministerial bantling, so as to obliterate all features of its parentage. If this prove the fact, the measure will be lost, Peel and his colleagues will resign, and a dissolution ot Parliament will place the commerce of the country for a time in articulo mortis. The injury which one able and obstinate man can do to society is incalculable. But while we hope for the best, we must be prepared for the worst. As to the ultimate triumph of the Free trade policy, no one of sane mind in this country entertains a doubt. Ireland has formed an episode in the proceedings of Parliament, placing in abeyance the progress of the Corn Bill, the insecurity of life and property in that unhappy country having rendered a " coer cion" Bill imperative; whilst the necessity of auxiliary measures is equally insisted on. The Assassination Bill,-as Sir Robert Peel calls it, ori ginated with the Lords, and was sent down to the Commons with their unanimous sanction. The Spectator, speaking of this Bill, says— The Assassination Bill Is itself a manifestation of weak ness: Ireland is desperate case, and those who are answerable for its control, not knowing what to do, resort to a remedy which is not only desperate, but is the last of a series of coercive measures distijiguished by uniform failure. What is the peculiar quality in this Bill that promises a singular success ? What will be its practically advantageous results? Ireland is not deliberately rebellious, and coercion is not apposite to her case. She is rude, maddened by misery, habituated to a peculiar class of crime —not actively vicious, but suffering under chronic insanity: and the causes of tbat madness are actively at work. See such things as the "evictions" still going on; like that on the Gerrard estate, where a whole village is turned out and two or three hundred souls are expelled from their homes —dug up like ants ! Men in Parliament loudly proclaim these evictions as something which provokes assassination; and what can coercion bills do in the teeth of such confes sions and such maddening stimulants? At whose door, soever, the blame of Ireland's wrongs and sufferings lies the pictures of its state of destitution are truly appalling ! Gaunt famine stalks through the land and pestilence follows it as its shadow, whilst the best temporary palliatives are likely to prove little better than mockeries. At the date of the last advices, potatoes were almost at a famine price, notwithstanding the large importations of Indian meal on private as well as Government account; and all kinds of provisions were enormously dear; whilst so prevalent was the destitution that in one district alone there were 334 families, comprising 2,000 individuals, with out food or the means of procuring it. In Mayo a fearful famine had broken out, many families being without food, and the wretched sufferers in vain endeavouring to get provisions on time, that their children might not die! It is also stated that on Sunday the 5th April the poor of Ballylongford waited upon the Rev. Mr Macarthy, to inform him that it they had not relief in a week they would be compelled to slaughter his cattle for their neces sities. They gave a similar warning to other resi dent.gentry in the neighbourhood; and Sir Lucius O'Brien the Lieutenant of the County of Clare, told the grand jury that at the moment he was ad dressing them, "the people were starving, par ticularly in villages," At a public meeting of Ma gistrates and others, held at Killone, County Clare, on the 6th April, a statement was read to the effect that numerous families in the parish could not pro cure even one meal in the twenty-four hours; that in another month the number would be largely in creased; and tbat the farmers had lost almost the entire of their potatoes. In the House of Commons W. S. O'Brien stated that " hundreds of thousands of his countrymen were starving." To crown all fever was making its appearance in several places, especially in Dublin where some of the worst cases of typhus had occurred that had been witnessed for years. At the meeting of the Tralee Poor Law Guardians Mr Trant pressed on the board the necessity of establishing a temporary fever hospital in Dingle. Such, he stated, was the extent of the disease in that locality, that huts were erected along the road side, filled with mise rable creatures. The guardians appointed a com mittee to make the necessary arrangements; and since then a "Fever Hospital Bill" has been in- troduced into the House of Commons. We are rejoiced however to state, that amidst this "-fearful distress, there was a general movement on the part of the government as well as benevolent indivi- duals, to provide food and employment for the wretched sufferers and their families. Sir Robert Peel has determined on doing all in his power to faci litate the construction of Irish railways, having an nounced to Parliament that the Exchequer Loan Commissioners would be "ready to receive applica tions for loans from Irish companies, and that they would be empowered to grant loans on due security being given. The directors of the Waterford and Limerick Company have applied for £100,000 by way of loan, and we understand that the application will be granted; whilst several public works have been commenced to afford immediate employment. It is also stated in the Times that vast numbers of ap plications are daily reaching the Castle from Roman Catholic clergymen soliciting loans from the Board of Works for the purpose of giving employment, in some instances by the erection of new chapels, and in others by the completion of houses of worship at present in an unfinished state for the want of the ne cessary funds. The money so lent to be repaid when convenient. There are also several pleasing instances of local charity as well as seasonable, foreign aid. The Tipperary Indicator states that the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cashel, Dr Slattery, forwarded a sub scription of £50 to the Thurles meeting, with an in timation conveyed by his curates that "he would share his last shilling, with the poor; and then, if necessary, sell his library to procure them further relief." In Limerick £1000 has been subscribed by the citizens, and 700 persons are employed on public works in that city. At the meeting of the Killarney Relief Committee, a subscription list was opened to purchase Indian corn from Government at first cost. The Earl of Kenmare, who presided, put down his name for £500. A deputation was appointed to solicit subscriptions from the neighbouring landlords; The Clare Journal says, " The colonel and officers of the 66th depot, how stationed in Clare, have most liberally contributed towards the fund for the relief of the destitute poor of that locality. Mr Wilson Filzpatrick, late member for Queen's County, sub scribed £100, to make a new road." The resi dents of Calcutta hare subscribed the sum of £3,000, which they have remitted through the Union Bank, to the Bank of Ireland, for the benefit of the distressed classes in Ireland, to be held there at the disposal of the home committee; and there is qiie. little circumstance connected with the army of the Sutlej, of so touching a character that we cannot forego recording it in our columns. Amidst the din of battles'and the wild hurrahs of victory, the wail of of distress from his native land reached the Irish sol dier on the remote banks of the Sutlej. His heart responded to the call, and within a few days the Irish soldiers subscribed no less than £840 to the relief of their suffering fellow-countrymen, and this sum they placed in the hands of their veteran commander Sir Hugh Gough, himself an Irishman, for transmission to the scene of distress. Having thus discharged their duty to the God of Charity, they went with lighter spirits to the stern performance of their mili tary duties to their Sovereign and their country. In the midst of a distress caused by over popula tion, we observe the anomaly of a reluctant assent to emigration as a partial cure, and the reason seems to be that those persons are the first to go whom it is most desirable to retain ; and consequently many of the emigrants who cross the Atlantic carry with them the fruits of their frugality, sobriety, and in dustry. The intelligence from Ireland by the Canton is painfully distressing. In some parts of Tipperary the peasantry, unable any longer to resist the cra vings of hunger, have taken the cure into their own hands-plundered the provision shops, broken into flour mills, and helped themselves. The town of Clonmel is in a state of Biege. Troops are obliged to escort provisions as they pass through the streets, and the unfortunate creatures, whose bones are des cribed as protruding through their skins, are only kept down by the fear of the bayonet. Fifty carts of flour were coming into the town escorted by forty men of the 33d Regiment, when the populace dragged four of the sacks from off the cars, and, though the military were loaded and received the word " ready," they refused to restore their spoil, saying, " they might as well be shot as starved." The officer, see ing their determination, chose to leave them the flour rather than take their lives. A public meeting was held at the Court- house, and £500 was sub- scribed, to provide employment and food. In various parts of the country, large numbers of operatives have struck for an advance of wages. The masters and the men are thus at loggerheads. There had been strikes among the sailcloth weavers at Douglas, Isle of Man; the nail-forgers in Hales; amongst the Railway labourers on several lines; and in Manchetser, the whole of the building trade had turned out. Neither would give way, and the retail trade, in many branches, has been seriously injured by the capital thus withdrawn from the usual chan nels of circulation. But this evil cannot, in the nature of things, be endured. Among several failures reported at Glasgow, the liabilities of one party, extensively engaged in the iron trade, are said to amount to upwards of £100,000. There has been a somewhat serious failure in Liver pool, and rumours touching the stability of other firms abound. The firm in question (Messrs Carne and Telo) are extensive merchants in the Russian trade. Their liabilities are said to exceed half-a million in amount. One of the Joint- stock Banks which suffered seriously by a large failure some time ago, is the unlucky,creditor of the house to a consi derable amount. The failure of the old-established firm of Latham and Co., bankers, of Dover, was an nounced on the 18th April. Their liabilities are said to be about £100,000, and it is hoped that a dividend of 15s. in the pound will be realized. A German firm, in Manchester, previously of fair repute, de camped from their usual place of business, last April. The debts owing are some £30,000. Sir John Ross the enterprising Polar navigator, has become bank rupt. The cause was the debts incurred upon his ex ploring expedition, which were chiefly or altogether undertaken at the expense of his own funds, or those of his friends. Such has been the height of the railway panic that Government have at last been compelled to interfere for the rescue of those who are suffering, or threat ened with suffering, through the reaction in the rail way speculations. Many of the speculators would voluntarily retire with their past losses, but they are prevented by the state of the law, which treats the embryo railway company, before obtaining its bill, as a simple partnership, and forbids abandonment of the concern without the consent of all the partners; so that any sanguine or wrongheaded shareholder can tie the rest to the bond. Ministers purpose to en able the majority of the shareholders to decide upon the prosecution or abandonment of any scheme; giv ing to the company a useful'- check, not only over a troublesome minority, but also over a corrupt or im provident directory. Difficulties of detail are antici pated in the working of the measure—such as the probability that it may give, undue power to the mere purchaser of scrip at a discount, to compel a winding up of the concern even in sound schemes; but abuses of that kind have only to be foreseen to be prevented by the conditions of the, bill, to be brought forward after Easter. In the mean time, all proceedings with railway bills are to be suspended. Each extraordinary express from India to Great Britain, has conveyed the news of the successive triumphs of the British arms in the East. Imme diately on the receipt of the last Government des patch, announcing the entry of our troops into Lahore, a communication was forwarded to the commanding officer of the Tower, directing a sa lute of fifty-two guns to be fired in honour of the splendid achievement. In the evening, in accord ance with a, long-established custom, the Yeomen of the Guard, who are chiefly Waterloo soldiers, assembled in their hall, round a capacious antique punch- bowl, presented to the corps as a rejoicing cup, by the sovereign, about two hundred years ago, and did honour to the national event. Similar manifestations were evinced at the officers' mess room, as also at the dinner tables of other gentle men connected with the fortress. - Prayers were also offered up, on the 12th April, in all the An glican Churches throughout Great Britain, for the success of our arms against the Sikhs, and the fol lowing form of prayer was composed by the Arch- bishop of Canterbury, thanking the Almighty for our recent victories on the Sutlej. O Lord, God of hosts, in whose hand is power and might irresistible, we, Thine unworthy servants, most humbly acknowledge Thy goodness in the victories lately vouchsafed to the armies of our Sovereign over a host of barbarous in vaders, who sought to spread desolation through fruitful and populous provinces enjoying tbe blessings of peace under the protection of the British Crown. We bless Thee, merciful Lord, for having brought to a speedy and pros perous issue a war to which no occasion had been given by injustice on our part or apprehension of injury at our hands. To Thee, O Lord, we ascribe the glory ; it was Thy wisdom which guided the councils, Thy power which strengthened the hands of those whom it pleased Thee to use as Thy instruments in the discomfiture of the lawless aggressor and the prostration of-his ambitious designs, From Thee alone cometh the victory and the spirit of mo deration und mercy in the day of success. Continue, we beseech Thee, to go forth with our armies, whensoever they are called into battle in a righteous cause ; and dispose the hearts of their leaders to exact nothing more from the van quished than is necessary for the maintenance of peace and security against violence and>i-y*ae. Above all, give Thy grace to those who preside in the Councils of our Sovereign, and administer the concerns of her widely extended do minions, that they may apply all their endeavours to tbe purposes designed by Thy good Providence in committing such power to their hands, the temporal and spiritual benefit of the nations entrusted to their care. And whilst Thon preservest our distant possessions from the horrors of war, give us peace and plenty at home, that the earth may yield er increase, and that we, Thy servants, receiving Thy blessings with thankfulness and gladness of heart, may awell together in unity, ahd faithfully serve Thee, to Thy ."°"r, and gW. 'brough Jesus Christ oor.Lord; to whom, with Thee, and the Holy Ghost, belong all dominion and power, both in Heaven and earth, now and for ever. Amen. To say the least of it, we conceive the propriety ot su h.a rei:gtons performance to be very question able, and the subject matter is certainly anything but creditable to the heads which dictated it. It is well known that an aggressive policy has been successively recommended, and uniformly pursued wherever practicable by the Indian Government, and for British Ecclesiastics to designate the late victory as " the discomfiture of a lawless aggressor, and the prostration of his ambitious designs," with the invasion and disasters of Affghanistan, fresh in their recollections, is certainly in very bad taste. To Connect the name of the Great Buler of man kind with the slaughter of His creatures, is neither Christianlike nor philanthropic. Admitting the Sikhs deserved the thrashing they received; as we sent thousands of them to their great account, a penalty sufficiently enormous has been paid by the offenders, without accompanying their destruction with the prayers of Christian people. Humanity and religion recoil from the exhibition. Such a procedure seems grounded on a very contracted es timate of the Great Author of our being. In the present enlightened age, and amongst a people who boast, par excellence, of their.virtues and their cha rity, the exhibition might have been spared, without any compromise of the nation's character to grati tude to the Throne of Grace. Sir Henry Kardinge has been elevated to the peerage by name, style, and title of Viscount Har dinge, of King's Neuton, in the county of .Derby, Sir Hugh Gough has also been created a peer, to be styled Baron Gough, of Chinkeungfoo, in China, and of Maharajpore and the Sutlej, in the East Indies; and the London Gazettes of the 3d and 10th April, furnish an extensive list of promotions in the Queen's regiments and the Indian Army. In moving a vote of thanks in the House of Com mons, on the 3d April, to the generals, to the officers, and to the men who had been concerned in the vic tories lately achieved on the banks of the Sutlej, Sir Robert Peel said, When he reviewed the names of those gallant men wlia had played the most distinguished part in these glorious victories—namely, of Sir H. Hardinge, Sir H. Gough, Sir C. Napier, Sir H. Smith, and Sir J. Thackwell—he could not help recollecting that they had all received their military education under the auspices of the Duke of Wellington. It added lustre even to the Duke's name to see how the men who had been brought up in his school had profited by his precepts and benefited by his example. Even those illustrious officers, Pollock and Gilbert, who were in the Company's service, had profited by the memory of the : glories which he had achieved at Assaye. It was reserved to his Grace by some fortunate accident to bear a willing and grateful testimony that evening to those distinguished men to whom he (Sir R. Peel) was then proposing a vote of thanks. In reference to Sir H. Smith the Hero of Aliwal, Sir Robert Peel said, He was at the storming and capture of Monte-Video; be was at the assault on Buenos Ayres : he served in the Penin sula from the battle of Vimeira to Corunna ; he was wounded in Crawford's action on the Cos; he was at the actions of Sabugal, Fuentos d'Onor; at the siege of Caidad Rodrigo ; at the siege of Badajoz; at Salamanca; at Vittoria; at Orthes; at the battles of the Pyrenees and Toulouse; at Washington; at New Orleans; at Waterloo. (Loud and continued cheering.) What a series of brilliant services. (Loud cheers.) How rejoiced I am that there should be an opportunity through his signal successes of bringing before the view of a grpfefiil country a long life of military exer tion, and an unbroken series of military honouis. But their feelings of pride and satisfaction at those exploits, must be tempered by recollecting that they •had been attended witn the loss of so many officers of the highest promise. " Sir R. Sale, whom all admired for bis heroic achieve ments at Jellalabad, had closed in these actions, a long career of military glory by a death which he oversaw, and which he even wished for. "Felix eiiam in opportunitaie mortis." He hoped that the Home would unanimously sup* port him, if, in case her Majesty should think fit to record her regret for Sir R. Sale's death, and her sense of his emi nent services, by recommending the erection of a public monument to his memory, he should propose an address in return, promising on its part their readiness to make good the expense of it." To repair the losses sustained by the British Army in India 2000 men were to embark from Cork to Calcutta, between the 27th April and the 9th May, and 1000 from Portsmouth to Bombay, between the 15th and 25th April. AU the officers on leave of ^absence are ordered to join their regiments. We have much satisfaction in expressing our belief that the friends of peace on both sides the Atlantic, will be spared the pain of witnessing the distressing alternative of an appeal to arms, the dig nified attitude and spirited display of power on the part of Great Britain having give pause to the brag gart denizens of "the stars and stripes." The vitupe rative rhodomontades of the United States senators in reference to British claims in Oregon, are character tic of the people and their present chief rnler; bat they .have fortunately become convinced, in time, of theirftotal inability to cope with British power and prowess, as well as of the inexpediency of placing their slave institutions in contact with those cf free dom. The King of the French was shot at on the 16th April, whilst returning from his drive in the Forest of Fontainebleau, but Providence spared his life. The Queen, Princess Adelaide, Duchess of Nemours, and the Prince and Princess, of Salerno were in the car riage with the King. Three balls cut the fringes of the char-a-banc. No one was struck. A piece of wadding was picked up by the Queen. The assassin was immediately arrested, his name is Leconate, He is. an old general guardian of the forest of Fouu tainebleau. 