INFIDELITY. Tbe vievys of a converted infidel respecting the ten dency of infidel principles, should awaken you to watchfulness against their pernicious influence. Guard against ruin. An eminent literary gentleman, wbo> with his infidel companion, had frequently advocated infidel principles in the presence of a religious but il literate countryman, afterwards became converted him self. Fearing lest his infidel doctrines had shaken the faith' and injured the.morals of this poor but pious man he one day asked him if his con versation had not pro duced this effect upon him. " By no means, "answer- ed the country man,' it never made the least imprres- siou oh me.' 'No impression upon you,' replied the gen- tieuian, « why you must have read and thought on thc?e things more than I had opportunity of doing." 'O yes, said the pious man, but-I knew also your mariner of living ; I knew that to maintain 6uch a course ol con duct, you found it necessary to renounce Cliristianitv. ' —Christian Socialism. Family Prayer.— In binding a' family together in peace arid love, there is no hutnan influence like that of domestic prayer/Raising' their" hear s to heaven, Ite brings them altogether iii' the ' presence of God. Ths family altar to whiclf "they, repair from ihe care and toilt of lile, reminding them of the rest reserved in heaven, i uni-es tbem in the efforts of faith and obedience for its atlainmenL Earth has no holier spot than a house thus sancitied by prayer— where the voice of supplication and thanksgiving consecrates every day— where the word of God is devoutly read, and all unite to show forth all His praises. It may .bediumble, fiut it is .holy and is therefore heavenly. ; Poverty.imay be-there and sorrow; but its inmates are rich io Faith, and joyous in the Ho ly Ghost. -Sickness and-death may enter it ; but they will be as angels of peace .and -mercy; and the spirits whom they. relieve ft qm the jmprisonmentkof; . the- flesh; will . be united, free .and ha ppy, to worshj p i for = ever, as eafth did not permjybem, a .amiJy. ro '.Heaven, 