LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Serious accidents have occurred to Mr Harkness, of the Finniss, and Mr Wearing of the Green-hill Creek. The former accidentally received the contents of a loaded fowling-piece, upon which he was leaning, and it is feared the injury is fatal. The serious hurts inflicted upon the person of Mr Wearing were by an infuriated boar, which threw him down as he was endeavouring to get it back to its usual place of confinement. The in- juries are extensive and severe, but it is hoped not fatal. The Adelaide wheat market continues to look up, 5s 3d to 5s 9d being yesterday's quotation. 4s a-bushel is freely offered for oats, but holders withhold. Cape barley (scarce) 4s a-bushel, being retailed at 5s. En- glish barley, 4s 3d to 4s 6d. [From the South Australian Register, 30th May.] We have several times had occasion to bear testimony to the good conduct and efficiency of our police. We cannot help calling attention to the fact that with them the endeavour is to prevent crime as much as possible , by checking it in the bud, instead of (as is too much, done in many places) keeping an eye upon offenders till they can be convicted of some grand delinquency. Jus- tice requires that this should be observed, and the con- duct of the police appreciated. They serve the truest interests of the community, by the apprehension of an. incipient thief, though to the unthinking mind it might appear a greater exploit to drag in a felon, charged with a. succession of offences. And they strike more terror into the hearts of our semi-convict intruders, by showing them that detection is certain and immediate, than they could do by the occasional example of a sanguinary punish ment, We need but refer to three recent cases as instan- ces of their alertness. A few weeks ago, a watch be- longing to Mr Joseph Phillips was stolen from an inn on the Great Eastern Road. On the same night, a person, wholly unsuspected, was taken into custody in Adelaide, and the property recovered. The next morning he was brought before the Commissioner, and held to bail to answer the charge at the sessions. Last week, a bur- glary was committed at an inn in the town. In less than twelve hours, a person (the same who had been before charged with stealing Mr Phillips's watch) was apprehended in a cottage, five or six miles distant, brought next day before the Commissioner, and yester- day fully committed for trial. And in our present paper we record the apprehension of two men for high- way robbery with equal promptitude. The offence was committed after dark on Tuesday—the person robbed was intoxicated, and unable to give any description of the offenders; yet almost by daylight next morning two men were apprehended—within a few hours charged before the Commissioner—the stolen property produced, and several witnesses brought forward to whom they had endeavoured to part with it. They were also sent for trial yesterday. Nor are the Mounted Police less active in the performance of their duties. The capture of the natives at Strathalbyn and Mount Arden suf- ficiently show their courage and perseverance. We wish only that a material increase in both branches of the force could be effected. They have zeal, talent, and character, but they sadly want numbers. Country land, whether for pasturage or culture, would possess a higher value were it more uniformly and certainly protected, and the town would more deserve its name were the presence of the police force to be depended on. The chief officers of the force are, the Commissioner, Mr Finniss ; the Inspectors, Messrs Tolmer and Gordon; and the Sub-Inspector, Mr Litchfield. Messrs Finniss, Gordon, and Litchfield have held commissions in the Bri- tish army; and Mr Tolmer, we believe in that of France. Messrs Finniss, Tolmer, and Litchfield have the local rank of Captains, from their appointment in the militia brigade of South Australia. The non-commissioned officers in the Mounted Police are six, and in the Foot Police, two; the men in the former, thirty-seven; and in the latter', twenty-one. This force is clearly inade quate, perhaps, particularly in the cavalry depart- ment ; but to look more nearly home and speak of the infantry, whose duties are not quite so diffused and varied, let any rational man ask himself—"What can twenty-one men do in a town more than a mile square, built upon in every direction, and separated by tracts of country, each of which may truly be denominated rus in rube? We will answer the question. Not more than ten can be on duty at one time; for wakeful as they have proved themselves, we must allow them a little sleep. Each is on duty for nine hours at a time, at least three hours more than his experienced officers would as sign to him were they not short—handed, and often after the long tramp, from nine o'clock at night till six next morning (in such weather as this too), has to attend for hours more at the police office to give evidence against some person whom he has apprehended. Say then, on an average, that there are seven by day and nine dur- ing the night (we feel sure the numbers will not allow more), how can this handful of men, true and ardent though they be, protect a population as large as that of Adelaide! We proceed with our answer to the question. North Adelaide, with a population of about 2400 (equal to that of many old colonial towns), is abandoned almost wholly; two policemen are occasionally there, but that in truth amounts to nothing. The back streets of the town are never thought of, and all this (let no one sup- pose we blame the officers), because there really are not men enough in the force to guard sufficiently the main streets. From this niggardly establishment has arisen every burglary in the town and half the street assaults and robberies. The best man in the world having to pace from East-terrace to King William-street, bogged at every second step, could be very little blamed though a house were stripped and its inmates murdered while he was watching other houses half a mile distant. There are minor evils which by the side of greater it would al- most seem fastidious to mention, yet we cannot but ob- serve that the Police Act is almost a dead letter; uncollar- eddogs are running wild in every direction; half the public * This gentleman is principally known to the public in his capacity of Police Magistrate, in which his impartiality on the Bench, and general good judgment, are admitted, though many consider the office more fitted for a professional man, as legal points have to be argqed before him, and submitted to his decision. His duties as Commissioner of Police are wholly separate, and, from their nature, are performed chiefly in private. We believe it is much owing to his incessant care and judicious management that the police is in its present state of efficiency houses do their largest business on Sundays; and the very footways which have been made from private funds are used indiscriminately by horses and by bullock drays. It would be absurd to talk to the Commissioner on such subjects; what could he, what must he answer ? per- haps, as the disciples did when speaking of the few fish and biscuits in the wallet of a boy, " What are they amongst so many!" Or, as we can imagine the ghost of Leonidas to have done, " I could depend upon my men, but I had not enough of them." In speaking of the police, we have used the word character. Some of our friends in the neighbouring colonies, who are accustomed to constables selected from among old convicts, will smile at the expression; but we use it advisedly. We doubt if thereisone man, either in our mounted or foot police, who is not highly resectable in the fullest accep- tation of the word. Nor is this a matter of small import- ance, It has and must have a great influence upon the general morals of the colony. While nothing is more monstrous than to entrust the working of the law to men who have notoriously broken it, nothing can more es- tablish its authority than the unblemished character of those who wield the powers. [From the South Australian Register, June 3.] The mortal remains of Mr Edward Smith Brewer, late of Rundle-street, cabinet- maker, were attended to the grave yesterday by about eighty members of the Albion and other lodges of the Independent Order of Oddfellows. By some mistake the Rev. T. Q. Stow, who was to have officiated on the occasion, was not on the ground, and after the mourners and brethren had waited somewhat more than an hour, the funeral ser- vice of the Church of England, and afterwards the cus- tomary oration of the Order was read by the Deputy Provincial Grand Master, Mr W. A. Hughes. Yesterday at a vestry meeting at St. John's Church, the Rev. Mr Woodcock was unanimously elected Mi- nister. Edmund Trimmer, Esq., was appointed Church- warden by the seatholders. His colleague will of course be nominated by the clergyman. The Rev. Mr Jarrat, Independent Minister, is ex- pected in a few days from Hobart Town, with the in- tention of statedly preaching at the chapel, at Ken- sington. The adjourned inquest on the native who was killed in the late affray in the district of the Bremer, took place yesterday morning at the hospital, and terminated in a verdict of justifiable homicide. It will be seen on reference to our police report that the captured native, accomplice of the deceased, has been committed to take his trial for the robbery, in which they appear to have been implicated. In our last publication we were led into an error in stating that the first Hebrew wedding in this province, was solemnized on the previous Sunday, instead of Thursday, on which day of the week the interesting ce- remony took place. According to the Jewish precept, widows only marry on the Sunday. The days for so- lemnizing the marriage rite in other instances, being Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. We nave just received information that Mr James Fisher, Mr Fred. Jones, and Mr Hancock have arrived (on their way from Sydney) as far as that portion of the country lying between Lake Victoria and Lake Bonney, bringing with them a large herd of cattle and horses. Mr John Chambers, who came to town last night, ; brought this intelligence, as also that he met, a little this side of Lake Bonney, Mr Jones, Mr Hancock, and Mr Robinson (the Protector of Aborigines for the Port Phillip District). Mr Jones was extremely disappointed on learning from Mr Chambers that the cattle run he considered he had secured previous to quitting Adelaide had been taken by him (Mr Chambers) ; and Mr Hancock thereupon returned to acquaint Mr Fisher with the circumstance, and to retard the progress of the cattle towards their intended destination. Mr Fred. Jones and Mr Robinson were expected in town last evening (Tuesday). A correspondent informs us that the juvenile settle- ment at Rivoli Bay is " going a-head" fast. Mr Whe- land, late of this city, has opened a commodious inn, entitled the " Bird-in-Hand," which has already been found a great accommodation to the settlers in the cir- cumjacent district, from the good provision, excellent wines and liquors, and moderate charges which, our in- formant tells us, are characteristic of the new establish ment. Such advantages are likely to procure Mr Whe- land many visitors from among those who approach the I new township, by sea or land; any of whom will find, * we doubt not, the " Bird-in-Hand" worth two in " the Bush." On Monday afternoon, as Daubeney's Port cart was proceeding on its way through King William-street, the horse became unmanageable, started off, and coming in contact with one of the posts in front of Messrs Ha- milton and Henderson's premises, upset, throwing the passengers, a female and child, with the driver, on the road with considerable force, but we are glad to say they escaped with only a few bruises. At a special meeting of the Victoria Mining Company (the gold mine), held last evening, in consequence of an advertisement which had appeared in the papers, a very angry discussion, as well as a contested election, took place. The result of both was, that the officers were supported by a majority. A ballot having been demanded, the numbers were as follows:— In favour of the officers .... 375 On the contrary .... 186 Majority .... 189 In proof of qualification, 561 out of 600 scrip were brought forward upon the occasion. In our last, we announced the taking of a Special Survey of valuable mineral lands near Mount Remark- able by Messrs Elder, Younghusband, J. Gilbert, and Dutton. We have now the pleasure to announce, that the same gentlemen have claimed another Special Sur- vey at the Emu Plains, near the station of Mr Gleeson, in which they have been influenced by unmistakeable value and advantages similar to those which determined them in the prior instance. We view these operations with unmixed satisfaction, because the known prudence and discernment of the parties making these larue se- lections, are sufficient to convince everybody here, as well as many persons of wealth and influence out of the colony, that the presumed value of the lands must be anything but speculative. For ourselves, we feel assured that the selections referred to will soon be found largely conducing to the individual wealth of those immedi- ately concerned, and remarkably contributive to the as- sured prosperity of the colony. 