TWENTY SIX PRIESTS CON VERTED FROM POPERY.! II A PARnonRAPr with the abovo heading, has bcen latoly going the rounds of the public press, both at home and in this Colony. \Vo attached no importance whatever to this unfounded report, for we were well awaro it 'was an in'genious device'intended as a.set- off to tho numerous and real coniver sions that are daily taking place amongst the distinguished members of Oxford and Cambridge Universities, to the Holy Ca tholic Church. 'But as some individuals are of such gullible natures, as to swallow clown for truth whatever they may see set up ih typeo, we think it fit for their especial use and beuefit, to call their attention to an extract from one of Mr. l3attersby's Ca tholic tracts, published in Dublin in last February, wherein this formidable list of six and twenty converted Popish priests -is analyzed and fully exposed. \- We have also given this list (the names of the recent converts from the Anglican Church) to meet the flying sheets of slander scattered far and wide by what are called the ' Protestant Registration So ciety' and' The Priest Protecting Society in Ire land.' These foolish, deluded, and deluding men have scraped together the names of (as if tomeet the converts of Oxford)' Twenty six men, who, they say,' have been converted from Popery.' Now, some of these unfortunate men -as Cousins, Dick son, and grotty-apostatized, or were suspended, from twety five to forty years ago I Some of these as Mulholland and Morrissy-- never apostatized, although they may have had disputations with, or had been suspended by their bishops.- Others-as Gaffney, and Mahony, said to be of Ardagh ; Con nor, Donnelly, and Murray, of Tuam--are..not known; and some of these-as Crotty-are twice repeated, to swell up the number of thi~doubly unfortunates-! " Now out of these twenty, during forty years, what a pride and boast for the glorious Reformation ! And of these, what are we to say P How many of them were cast away, censured, suspended, or ex communicated, beforeo' they became the brazen trumpets of sectarianism P And why were not a few others added to finish the picture of perversion P Why not mention' Swayne the public robber, and Delany the public blasphemer P And even of the few who.remain-as the outcasts of ' Popery,' or the dregs of '.abomination,'wlhy not give the full,- true, and particular account P Why not show how the present old Crotty. wrote so many letters to young Crotty, to conjure him .to return to the ancient creed, which in a fit of ,pride and folly he renounced; Why not show how the elder Crotty has differed from the younger in the faith he has formed for himselfP I remember how, on alate occapion, I silenced this unfortunate old man, as to the object and motives of his apostacy, and left his Protestant friends present for ever ashamed of him, of his nephew, and of themselves, As to the.un fortunate Nolan, I have given his history in my ' Answer to his first, second, and third Letters,'.and in his trial, to be found in Kennedy's Magazine. The same periodical contains the origin and fall of the condemned apostate, Delany, which had the effect of getting the Protestants of the North, of Wales, and of many other places, to reject and utterly despise his abominations. Of the latter apostates, O'Beirne, Burk, Brasbie, Macnamara, and Ryder, they are known to their respective Bishops, and the cause of their expulsion (as was the case with O'Beirne), suspension, or degradation, may be ascertained on due inquiry. It would be desirable for them to read and earnestly dwell on the retrac tations of the Rev. Messrs. .Nolan, .Brennan, Murphy, and many others. Let them make an act of contrition every day of their existence for the scandals they have gived, beg God's pardon for their monstrous impieties, their vile and grossly indelicate writings, and reflect on the awful end of those apostate priests, of whom Dr. Milner. has given us an account. " Should the .perversion, then, of such apostates influence any man of honour or, principle to abandon the truth of Catholicity or the faith of ages ? No more than that of those who ' went back, and walked no more with Jesus,' should have made others abandon him also. Does not St. Paul say 'that many turned away- from him ;' and St. John 'that they went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would,-no doubt, have remaiiiedwitli us, but that they may lie manifest that they are. not all of us.' And again in his second epistle he says ' Whosoever revolteth and continueth not in the dottrine of Christ, hath not .God: he that continueth in the doctrine the same hath the Father and the Son.' St.'Jude says of the same apostates ' These are they who separate-them selves-sensual men, having not the spirit. But you my beloved, building yourselves upon your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Gh'ost.'" 