LECTURES By THE MINISTERS OF THE ,,,CHRISTIAN UNION. PORMALISM CONTRASTED WITH EXPERIMEN TAL CHRISTIANITY: BY REV. W. BUTTERS. On Wednesday, the 5th August, the Rev. Mr. Butters delivered the fifth lecture before the Christian Union. He said, the subject on which a few observations are to be addressed to you this evening, is. r' Formalism contrasted with experimental Christianity.". The very terms in which this subject has been announced, suggest the startlidg idea, that a mere formalist that is; a man who carefully attends to the external observances atid outward duties of Christianity, and makes hlis religion to con sist in this, is not considered a Christian. Although this may appear sweeping and uncharitable, we think it admits of clear and decisive proof. A late eminent divine observes, that " religion is commonly thought to consist. in three things: harm lessness - attendance upon the means of grace- and doing good." Accordingly, by a religious man, is generally meant, one that is upright and honest in his dealings, who is constant at Church and Sacrament, and who gives much alms. St. Paul, however, tells us, that "the kingdom of God," or true religion, "is not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and joy, in the Holy Ghost." It does not consist in any outward thing, but has its seat in the heart. The essence of true religion is love-the love of God shed abroad in the heart, by the Holy Ghost given unto us, producing in us every holy temper and disposition, and prompting us to every good word and work. It follows therefore, that a man may stead fastly believe all the articles of the Christian faith-may carefully abstain from all out ward evil-may zealously address himself to works of charity and piety-may be an accredited member of the purest Christian Church-may diligently use all the means of grace, not omitting the sacrament of the Lord's Supper,-and yet not be a Christian. Notwithstanding all this, and much more than this, his religon may be vain and va lueless in the sight of God ; " for he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh. But he is a Jew, which is one in wardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men but of God." " In Christ Jesus," that is, according to the tenor of the Christian covenant, " nei ther circumcision availeth anything, nor uncircumcision, but faith which worketh by love." The language of St. Paul, in the 13th chapter of his first epistle to the Corinthians is most explicit, " Though I speak with the tongues of men and of an gels, and have not charity," the love of God in the heart, "I am become as sound- . ing brass or a tinkling cymbal. And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge: and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it pr'ofiteth me nothing." To mul tiply quotations is not necessary. If there be in the word of God one truth more clearly and uniformly asserted than ano ther, it is this - that true religion is pri marily and essentially spiritual. .Even Judaism was not a system of mere exter nalism. The religion of the Old Testa ment saints was something more than mere form. It had its seat in the heart: its great element was love, and under a ,dis pensation, which is emphatically desig nated " the ministration of the spirit," it has undergone no deteriorating change in principle. One and the same view of the nature of religion is furnished throughout the entire Scriptures; only with this dif ference, that the subject is seen more clearly, and its spirituality is more apparent in the New Testament than in the Old. The uniform language of this blessed book is, that the regular observance of forms, how ever excellent. in themselves, is so far from constituting a man a real Christian, that Formalism and Christianity may fairly be placed in contrast. Outward forms and modes of worship are valuable only as they lead us to that which is spiritual; and outward acts of conformity to the Di vine law, are acceptable to God, only so far as they are seen to flow from an in ward principle of love. That mere formalism is not Christianity, we think it further evident from the simple fact, that it fails to meet the circumstances of our case as sinners, and those conscious wants of our nature for which Christianity effectually provides. Christianity is a divine contrivance to save man, and consequently is without any imperfection or defect, but meets man in mercy at every turn. The more thoroughly its nature is investigated the more clearly is it seen to be in perfect harmony with the plain and obvious wants of humanity. " THE SAVIOUR," is the appro priate designation which the Scriptures give to its divine founder. "For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil." " He is able to save to the uttermost all that come unto God jby Him." Man is guilty, and as a transgressor of God'slaw isan object of righteous displeasure, and doomed to die. But the Gospel contains a proclamation of mercy. Its language is, "Be it it known unto you therefore,men and brethren,that through this Man is preached unto you the forgive ness of sins. And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses." "Being justified by his grace, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus: whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; to declare I say at this time his righteous ness; that he might bejust, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.' For malism, it is true, in one of the aspects which it has assumed, asserts that men are F justified through the sacraments. The Church is represented as being possessed of all the fullness of grace of which a guilty world stands in need, and to enter her com Smunion and receive her sacraments, when duly administered, is to be made a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven. The whole process of our personal reconciliation to God is thus made to depend upon attention to certain outward observances. The texts, however, just quoted affirm that we are justified by faith-faith in Christ's blood. 'The Son of God having assumed our nature, by his sacrifiinal and infinitely meritorious death, made atonement for our transgres sions.-Sufelring ia our room andstead; he paid the full penalty due to all our offences; t and, solely in consideration of his gracious it undertaking in our behalf, God has mer- c cifully engaged to pardon every penitent r offender on the simple condition that he be- a lieve on him. The trust of a broken and contrite heart, in the Saviour's sacrifice, secures to the man conscious pardon, and brings him into the enjoyment of all the privileges of adoption; and it is only by this personal appropriation of the merits of the Saviour, to our individual case, that we can be brought into a state'of covenant re lation to Christ. Ordinances and sacra ments may set us down, as it were, within sight of the cross, and may bring us into outward communion with the people of God, but if there be not faith in Christ's blood, we shall remain under guilt and condem- f, nation- unpardoned and unforgiven. God has fixed his own terms of reconciliation. i, The unutterable decree of heaven is, " He c that believeth on the Son hath everlasting r life; but he that believeth not the Son, shall not see life, but the wrath of God i abideth on him." No matter how regu- a Slarly we may attend to a round of external t duties, or how devoutly we may receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, if we have o not faith in Christ, we are none of his. No attention to outward forms can secure for 1 any man those blessings which God has de termined to bestow only in connexion with the exercise of personal faith.-Man is cor- c rupt, as well as guilty. His innermost soul a is debased and polluted by sin. His heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately 4 wicked. It is the seat of every unclean and hateful thing. All the ungodli ness which appears in the life originates C in the heart. "For from within," says the Saviour, "out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornica tions, murders, thefts, covetousness, wicked ness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness: all these evil things come from within and defile the man." The poison of sin has affected every power of his mind: it has infused itself into every part: it has pene trated into the very depthsof his being. If then, religion be designed to meet the cir cumstances of man, as a polluted creature, it must track the poison of sin through every vein which it has envenomed, and fix itself in the seat of the disease-in the very centre of his soul. It follows, that we must be renewed in the spirit of our mind; a purify ing process must be carried on within us. Nothing less than the love of God shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost given unto us, can meet our case. A religion which consists in attention to merely outward observances and acts-which does not secure the renovation of our nature which does not bring the soul into conscious and delightful intercourse with Heaven which does not sweetly but powerfully constrain the man to serve his God from a principle of love, does but little for him-it does not save him. As the necessary con sequence of man's guilt and impurity, he is unhappy; for sin and misery are inseparable. But Christianity, by providing for the can celment of his guilt, and the purification of his nature, gives him solid enjoyment-it brings with it a peace which passeth under standing, and a joy which is unspeakable and full of glory. We are aware that what are called religious feelings are often ridiculed, and that when we introduce such a subject, we may expect to hear the cry of enthusiasm. But the renewed heart cannot be a hpart of stone': there must be feeling deep and powerful emotion, when men receive the grace of God. All attempts to banish these feelinys, as they are sometimes contemptuously called, fiom religion, prove that its true nature is not understood. Christians taste that the Lord is gracious taste the good word of God, and feel the powers of the world to come. Thie late eminent Robert Hlall observes, that the heart has usually been looked upon as the seat of feeling, in like manner as the brain has been supposed to be tile chief organ of thought; and hence, it has by an easy metaphor been employed to denote that faculty of tile soul by which we taste delight or feel anguish. Asif on purpose to show the influence which religion exerts upon our feelings, the apos tle states that when a man isjustified by faith and has peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God is shed abroad in the heart: it is diffused throughout the entire seat of feeling. The manner in which this Divine communication is made may be inexplicable, but the fact itself must, in the nature of things, he matter of personal con solousness and of holy joy, and bring bles sedness which places every other enjoyment that can be realized by man at an immea surable distance. These are joys, however, which formalism can never yield. The natural man understandeth not the things of the spirit of God, neither can he know them, because they erespiritually discerned. The contrast between light and darkness, is not greater than the contrast between the experience and enjoyments of a true chris thin and the most exemplary formalist. If, then, formalism leaves a man unpardoned, unredeemed, and unhappy in the midst of the most diligent attention to outward things, it is so utterly unworthy the high and holy character which the Scriptures give to true religion, thatt' Christianity and Formalism may be placed in contrast. [lb be continued.] 