CONVERSIONS; " SBOEBSION" OF TIIM REV, E. G,. B3aowni. The last Church and State Gazette contains the following letter from one of its former contributors \--" To the Editor of the 'Church and State Ga zette. Sir,-- Having so lately, addressed to you soveral.lett?re. on tile vurlous. uplotacleas to Protes. tant dissent, ;and also having been one of the, com 'mittee for the purpose of. obtaining signatures to hI appended to a petition about to be.,presented.;to Parliament; in the ensuing session against, the clergy, (I use the term ' clergy' out of, courtesy to those laymen in England -who are labouring under a delusion in imagining themselves to be in holy orders), being compelled, by certain late notorious decisions in the ecclesiastical courts, to bury.persons (so-called) schismatically baptised, I feel it my duty to::informtyou.,of my having obtained admission into the Catholic Church.. In the creeds I - have been wont, from a child;, to confess my belief in one holy.; Catholic and Apostolic Church. .In vain. did I,-wlle: a member and (so- called) ,minister of- the Protestant Establishment, look about me for unity -in vain did I look for those ' marks of life' of which the venerated Dr. -Pusey speaks in such holy and exalted language-in vain did I look for the '-communion of saints;' but all things, both pre sent and the prospect of futurity, combined to turn my thoughts towards Rome. Now did 1 begin to experience the truth of what the author of ' The Life of St. Wilfred' says-' To look Romeward is a Ca tholic .instinct seemingly implanted in us for the safety of the faith.' But I was uniwilling to trust to feelings-I examined and re-examined the subject. The.more deeply I investigated 'the claims of 'the Establishment-the further I searched into Patristle evidence-the morel became convinced of the falsity of -her claims-to be a branch of the Catholic Church -in fact that the English Church was nothing more or less than a * gigantic hlhpostor' became daily evident to me. At this critical juncture, while my mind, was tossed about with various ideas--while Iwas being driven here and there searching forthee fair havens -my soul was providentially directed to Milner's ' End of Religious Controversy.' I believed before this precious volume fell into my hands, that however seemingly the English Church might have lost the outward marks of Catholicity, she retained her orders. To this point I naturally turned my attention, and soon saw, from 'the incon testible evidence brought forward by Milner in the twenty-ninth letter, that even allow.ing the validity of the succession and consecration of Parker, still the form used was such that the words applied to the Bishops might be applied to a child-' Take the Holy Ghost, and remember that thou stir up the grace of God which is -in thee, and the imposition of hands.' This ' form' was pointed out as objection able by the Catholic divines, Dr. Champney, Low gar, and others- that in 1062 the " convocation altered the form of ordaining priests and consecra ting Bishops.' ' But (as Milner observes), admit ting that these alterations are sufficient to obviate all the objections of our divines to the ordinal, which they are not, they come above one hundred years too late for their intended purpose; so that if the priests and.Bishops of Edward and Elizabeth's reigns were invalidly ordained and consecrated, so must those of Charles I[.'s reign and their succes sors have been also.' Admitting that Parker and his consecrators, Barlow and Story, were validly consecrated, yet being out.of the pale of St. Peter, -the Church of England, as established by law, is -out of the Catholic Church. Qui ecclesim renititur et resistit (says St. Cyprian) qui cathedram Petri, super quem fundata est ecclesia descrit, in ecclesia so esse confidit P Quisquis at ecclesia segregatus, adulterm jungitur, a promissis ecelesire seperatur. Alienus est, profanes est, hostis est.' Apologising for the length of this communication, and sincerely praying, Sir, in thelanguage of the pious writer of the life of St. Richard, Bishop of Chichester, that ' the prayer of the saint' (and I wodid fain add those of the blessed Virgin) may avail for all those who, in these times of perplexity, know not Where to Lind rest for theiir souls, and bring them to the only haven (the Church Catholic) where peace is to be found in this wretched world. I am, Sir, your obedient servant in Christ. EDWARD G. BaowNe, late curate of Bawdsey, Suffolk, St. Mary's College, Oscott. Erst. Sti. Britii." Q Will you please to insert this letter as the production of Mr. (not tlie Reverend) Edward G. Browne. 