The Keepsake for 1846. Edited by the Countess of Blessington. Longman, and Co. If we cling to old friends and old faces, shall we not still admire these very pretty gift books ? Worthy of all the old admiration, we think, is the taste with which they are edited. Follow new fancies and attractions where you will, an agreeable party of Christmas rhymers and story-tellers are still assembled here ; amiable, well- bred, ajid amusing; whom we should grieve to see dispersed. Lady Blessington's contributions are in her most pleasing manner. The tale of the French Court in the minority of Louis Quatorze is an illustration of some lively traits of character and . manners in tbe memoirs of Madame de Motteville, hit off ad mirably. She tels. an excellent ghost-story, too; and in a number of very good verses, which for their plainness and un- affectedness we must confess we prefer to Lord Robertson's, sets ferfch picturesque recollections of scenes and tales of Italy. Italy— -of which Miss Garrow sings beside her in a yet loftier strain. The impassioned eloquence of the opening of the poem — "She is not Dead but Sleepeth"— is a piece of true and ge nuine writing. Spell-bound upon her couch of glittering sea, Beneath her queenly starred canopy, Wan, still, and breathless lieth Italy, The land of many woes— Iler records are but wonder tales of yore ; Men taunt her with the mighty sons she bore ; The teeming nations breathe her name no more Amid their freedom throes — She, from whose lavish breath they drew the tide, Which formed and fed tbe sinews of their pride- She, who outspread her royal robe to hide Their infant nakedness- She, who won forth her childhood, shy and rude, From the deep tangles of the virgin wood ; Tamed the fieroe eye, and checked the savage mood, By precept and caress — She, to whose sacred torch as pilgrims came, Poet and sage, and kindled at its flame The lonely beacon of a hallow'd name, 'Mid error's shifting sand — She, the sweet singer— she, the teacher'wise ; The valiant, proud, and beautiful, now lies, Theme for cold scorn, and venom'd pleasantries. To that unfeeling band, Who use her for an hostelry, and dare To thaw them in her sun, and drink her air, While churlish guests, they quarrel with their fare, Trampling the prostrate land. Among the clever prose stories, those of Mrs. Hall, Mr Frederick Reynolds, Miss Power, Mr. Bernall, and Miss Nt. John, deserve particular mention ; and we were pleased by the less labored sketches of Mr. Charles Hervey, Mr. Smith, and Mr. D'Israeli. In the article on >houbra, Cairo, and its su burb are rather prettily described; but we can only take the closing passage : — " My first visit to Shoubra closed with an incident not im- memorable. I had quitted the marble pavillion and was about to visit the wilderness where roam in apparent liberty many rare animals, when I came, somewhat suddenly, on a small circular plot into which several walks emptied, cut through a thick hedge of myrtle. By a sun dial stood a little man, robust, though aged, rather stout, and of a very cheerful countenance : his attire plain and simple, a pelLe of dark silk, and a turban white as Ins snowy beard ; he was in merry conversation with his com panion, who turned out to be bis jester. In the background, against the myrtle wall, stood three or four courtiers in rich dresses— courtiers, for the little old man was their princely master — the great Pachaof Egypt." I And now for another scrap of verse, by a new hand as we j think, and a clever one. It is to a drawing by Mr. Frith, of 1 Sterne and theSdubrette, which equals the best illustrations o the best days of Aonnali. All maidens brown or fair, Lofty or lowly, Blithesome as May-birds are; Or melancholy :— If round the youth you love You would cast fetters ; Do not throw down the glove To men of letters 1 The best are very vain, The Worst, sad sinners : Callous to women's pain, Fond of their dinners ; With wrongs they will oppress, Wjth sharp tongues hurt you, Distrust— disdain — distress — And then — desert you ! Swift your poor hearts will break Slow vitriol-droppers ! Newtons, your fingers take For old pipe-stoppers. Burns may beat in flames Ev'n red-hot colonels ; And Sternes show up your names In sickly journals ! Lo ! there, the arch griselte Sure of her capture ! — Why — Yorick's heart is set On — his new chapter 1 — Reckless of ache or wound, Ready to fly, as Fast as can wheels go round, To new Marias ! Yes maidens fair or brown. Lofty or lowly, Light as the thistle-down, As cypress holy— When poets whisper near, Go join the dancers ; And turn a stony ear, To all romancers Choose, ere he quits the port, Some gallant sailor ; Lure from his Indian fort, Its curried jailor : — Priest-- Lawyer- medicine-man,- - \- All are our betters ; Catch whom ye will (and can), S'ave Him of letters ! — The Rose Garden of Persia. By Louisa Stuart Costello, Author of Specimens of the Early Poetry of France. Long man and Co., London. The design of Miss Costello is to present specimens of the Persian poets, with critical and biographical notices of their lives ; a task so difficult that it may be doubted whether any one could successfully accomplish it, at least as regards the speci mens of the poetry. " Everything suffers from translation except a bishop and this injury is the surer the farther the original language and manners are removed from those into which they have to be converted. Structure, senti ments, and perhaps imagery, can all be preserved ; but the sprit and manners of the original are pretty certain to be lost, either in pedantic metaphrase or in an effort to meet the taste of the reader. The versification must still most certainly dis appear, from the different character of the language, sometimes altogether opposite, and sometimes, as in the Asiatic tongues, ascribing beauty to a species of jingle and verbal points, which are familiar, not to say degrading or vulgar, in English ; for even Sir William Jones, when expressly attempting to preserve the measure, does not suggest an Asiatic character of verse. The only chance of a true translation "and not " a tale of Troy founded on the Iliad," is for the writer to be thoroughly ac quainted with the original life depicted— from observation if possible, if not from study ; and at all events to have seen the scene of the poems and the nature they describe. If to these qualifications be added a kindred genius, and a determination to convey the character of the original without regard to the conventional tastes or his own countrymen, a true translation may probably be obtained ; though we have never met or heard of one. Pope's Imitations convey the best idea of the general style of Horace, though not of what he wrote. Be the difficulties of a good translation what they may, the reader is not likely to have one from Miss Costello, inasmuch as she appears not to understand Persian, but to have got at her specimens from the prose or poetical efforts of scholars and critics, in French, German, or English, and thence translated or versified her poems. This plan is much the same as if a Brahmin should translate -"-hakspeare from the French: the action, the order of the scenes, and something like the senti ments might be preserved, but the Shaksperian or Anglican cha racter would be very apt to evaporate. Such, we are pretty con fident, is the case with the Rose Garden of Persia ; and, instead of speculating on what it wants, we will give an account of what it has. The volume is opened by a general intrduction, in which Miss Costello agreeably but not very compactly gives a curt account of the poetry and early poets of Arabia and Persia; a descrip tion of Oriental caligraphy, and of the splendid manner in which: works are ornamented or illuminated ; with a sketch of the sect of Sufis, a species of religious Platonists, who dis guise their adoration of the eternal spirit of creation under the form of Anacreontic and Sapphic lyrics, and very often so sue cessfully, if translators are to be trusted, that they look like pro fane and carnal odes. This preliminary matter is followed by specimens of nearly twenty poets ; with some account of their lives and writings, as well as a sort of critical estimate of their character and of their national reputation, Of these, the best known to the English reader, by name at least, are Hafiz, adi, and Ferdusi. fco far as appears in the specimens, all the rest deserve nearly as much celebrity ; for in Miss Costello's render ing, the style of one bard is amazingly like the rest : in which, however she resembles most translators, jvho starting upon the excellent principle of doing their best, cannot bear to nod even with Homer, Beyond occasional imagery there is little of what we,ar,e prone to consider Oriental. On the contrary, the whole seems Tom-Mooreish, — a profusion of fountains, flowers, fruits, wine, and ladies, mingled with some diluted philosophy i of the Garden. But this imitation of Irish Orientalism is ex ceedingly clever, and, -for aught we van -see, quite as good as ftome of the orginal of a later date. Miss Costello in fact has in fact produced as agreeable Specimens of Persian poetry as we are likely to have till the advent of a genius at once poet scholar, and traveller. It must not be concealed, however, that all strength and peculiarity of the original raciaese are lost in an elegant prettiness. The satire of Furdusi on Mahmoud of Gazni, wln> had not rewarded him according to promise, is probably the one in which the original character is less preservedl, come whence it may. There is, no doubt, some ting of poetasterahip in the translation, which is also deficient in force ; but no transmu tation could entirely evaporate the original bitterness. The father of Mahmoud, like Hyder Ali and tlie first Sforza, had been a simple horseman; and the bard (after he had removed himself to a safe distance) took for his theme the impossibility of changing nature, either in a slave or any other vile thing. " In Mahmoud who shall bope to find One virtue to redeem bis mind ? A mind no gen'rous transports fill ; To truth, to faith, to justice chill ! Son of a slave ! his diadem In vain may glow with many a gem ; Exalted high in power and place, Outbursts the meanness of his race ! " Take off some bitter tree a shoot ; In Eden's garden plant the root; Let waters from th' Eternal spring Amidst .the boughs their incense fling : Though bathed and showered with honey dew, Its native baseness bring to view ; — After long care and anxious skill, The fruit it bears is bitter still." " A viper nurtured in a bed Where roses all their beauty spread, Though nourished with the drops alone Of leaves that spring from Allah's throne, Is still a poisonous reptile found, And with its venom taints the ground." " This truth our holy Prophet sung — ' All things return from whence they sprung.' Pass near the merchant's fragrant wares, Thy robe the scent of amber bears ; Go where the smith his trade pursues, Thy mantel's folds have dusky hues. " Let not those deeds thy mind amaze A mean and worthless man displays : An Ethiop's skin becomes not white ; Thou canst not change the clouds of night. What poet shall attempt to sing The praises of a vicious king ?" The following from Omar Khiam, a poet of the twelfth cen tury, suspected of scepticism, is good, though rather disjointed, whether from the abruptness of tbe Oriental style unskilfully rendered or from the translator not having seized the conclusion of the original. the vanity of regret " Nothing in this World of ours Flows as we would have it flow : What avail, then, careful hours, Thought and trouble, tears and wo ? . Through the shrouded veil of earth, Life's ricli colors gleaming bright, Though in truth of little worth. Yet allure with meteor light. Life is torture and suspense ; Thought is sorrow — drive it hence ! With no will of mine I came, With no will depart the same." The following is pretty, with a tinge of Oriental melancholy. It is by Azz Eddin Elmocadessi, from his work called " Flowers and Birds." "Thou see'st the nightingale in spring- He seems as joy were all his own — From tree to tree, with rapid wing, He flits, with love in ev'ry tone ; So volatile, so debbnaire, As though he never knew a care. Bat ah ! how much art thou deceived ! His heart is filled with pensive pain ; For earth's frail lot his soul is grieved : He sees her glory's fleeting train, And how eacli beauty withers fast, Nor leaves a shadow where it passed : He knows that ruin soon will seize The sweetest flowers, the fairest trees; He knows the garden will decay, And marks it fading day by day. Thus, if aright thou read his song, It tells of grief the whole year long !" The Oriental sententiousoess is conveyed in these lines of Sadi on contentment. " Smile not nor think the legend vain, That in old times a worthless stone Such power in holy bands could gain That straight a silver heap it shone. Thy alchemist Contentment be, Equal is stone or ore to thee. " The infant's pure unruffled breast No avarice nor pride molest : He fills his little hands with earth, Nor knows that silver has more worth. " The sultan sits in pomp and state, And sees the dervish at his gate ; But yet of wealth the sage has more Than the great king with all his store. " Rich is a beggar, worn and spent, To whom a silver coin is thrown ; Bu Fcridoun was .not. content, Though Ajum's kingdom was his own IV.e will close with a specimen of Hafiz. the feast of spring. My breast is filled with roses, My cup is crowned with wine: And by my side reposes The maid i hail as mine. The monarch, wheresoe'er lie bef Is but a slave compared to me ! Their glare no torches throwing j Shall in our bower be found ; Hef eyes, like moon-beams glowing, Cast light enough around j And well all odours 1 can spare, Who scent the perfume of her hair, The honey-dew thy charms might borrow, Thy lip alone to me is sweet ; When thou art absent, faint with sorrow I hide me in some lone retreat. Why talk to me of power or fame. What are those idle toys to me ? Why ask the praises of my name t My joy, my triumph is in thee! H0w blest am I ! around the swelling, The notes of melody arise ; I hold the cup with juice excelling, And gafce upon thy radiant eyes. Oh, Hafiz ! never waste tfty hours Without the cup, the lute, and love ! For 't is the sweetest time of flowers, And none these moments shall reprove. The nightingales around thee sing, It is the joyous feast of Spring. The volume is adorned with some elegant examples of East ern embellishment. These Arabesques combine the fanciful delicacy of the Gothic without its quaint angularity, and the intricate convolutions of the Moorish without their rigid for mality ; the luxurious profusion of the ornamental details being massed by symmetrical arrangement of the forms and a skilful balance of colors. No style of ornament, indeed, so well as the Oriental admits of georgeousness without any tawdry glare ; as may be seen in the India shawls and vases. 