THE GRAND PRIOR OF MINORCA. uv washinoton irving. concluded from our last. " Keep my wits, Heavens ! They say spirits appear To melancholy minds, and tlie grave opens !" — Fletcher. " On questioning my servant on the subject, he stated tliat on these occasions he dreamed that he was lying in a very narrow street, but ho neither saw nor heard anything of the commander. " I knew nothing of this Tctcfoulque3, whither the defunct was so urgent I should carry his sword. 1 made inquiries, therefore, concerning it among the French chevaliers. Tliey informed me tliat it was an old castle, situated about four miles from Poicticrs, in the midst of a forest. It had been built in old times, several centuries since, by Foulquea Taillefor (or Fulkc Hackiron), a re doubtable hard-fighting count of Angoulemc, who ' gave it to an illegitimate son, afterwards created ..grand, seneschal of l'oituu, which son became the j progenitor of the Foulqucrrcs of Tctefoulques, hereditary senesclials of Poito.u, They further | informed me that strange storied were told of this | old castle, in the surrounding country, and that I it contained aylcurusjeluiife|iciunang tlime were tlie arms of Tctefoulques Taillefer, together j with all those of the warriors he had slain ; and I tiiat it was an immemorial usafjc with the Foul qucrrcs to have the weapons deposited there which they had wielded either in war or in single combat. " This, then, was the reason of the dying in junction of the commander respecting his sword. 1 carried tliis weapon with mc wherever I went, hut still I. neglected to comply with his request. " The visions still continued to harass mc with undiminished horror. I repaired to Rome, where 1 confessed myself to the grand cardinal peniten tiary, and informed him of tlie terrors with which I was haunted. He promised me absolution, after 1 should have performed certain acts of penance ; the principal of which was, to execute the dying request of the commander, by carrying his sword to Tetofoulqucs, and liaving the hundred masses performed in the cliapcl of the castle for the repose of his soul, " I set out for France as speedily as possible, and made no delay in my journey. On arriving at Puictirrs, I found tliat the tidings of the death of the commander had 'readied there, but had caused no more affliction than among the people of Malta. leaving my equipage in the town, I put on the garb of a pilgrim, and taking a guide, set out on foot to Tctefoulques : indeed, the roads in this part of tlie country were impracticable for carriages. " I found the castle of- Tctefoulques a grand but gloomy and dilapidated pile. All the gates were closed, and there reigned over the whole place an : air of almost savage loneliness and desertion. I had understood 'that its only inhabitants were the concierge, or wprder, and a kind of hermit who had charge of tlie chapel. After ringing for some time at the - gate, I at lengtli succeeded in ! bringing forth the warder, who bowed with rc- ' vcrencc ,'lo my pilgrim's garb. I begged him to conduct me to the chapel, that being the end of my pilgrimage. We found the hermit there, \- chanting the' funeral service; a dismal sound to 1 one who came to perform a penance for the death of a member of the family. When he had ceased to chant, I informed him that I came to accom plish an obligation of conscience, and that I wished ; him to perform a hundred masses for the repose of the sold of ific commander. ' He replied tiiat, not being in orders, he was qot authorised to per form mass, but' that he would willingly undertake to see that my debt of conscience was discharged. I laid my oB'eriug on the altar, and would have placed the sword of tlie commander there likewise. " Hold!' sai(l the hermit, with a; melancholy shake of the head, ' this is no place for so deadly a weapou, that has so often been bathed in Christian blood. Take it to the armoury ; you will find there trophies enough of the like clia ractcr ; it is a pl.tcc into which I never enter.1 " The warder here took up the theme abandoned by the peaceful man of God. lie assured ine that I would sec in the armoury tlie swords of all the warriors of the race of Foulqucrrcs, together with .'those of the enemies over whom, tliey hod tri- umplicd. This, he observed, had -been a usage kept up Bince the time of Mallusinc', and of 'her husband, Groffrcy a la grande-dtnt , or Geoffrey with the great tooth. "I followed tlie gossiping- warder to the ar moury. It was a great dusty hall, hung round with Gothic-looking portraits of a stark line of warriors, each with his weapon and the weapons of those ho had slain -in battle hung beside his picture. The most conspicuous portruit was that of Foulqucs Taillefer (Fulke Hackiron), count of Angoulcme, and founder of the castle. Ho was represented at full length, armed cap-a-pie, and grasping a huge buckler, on which were embla zoned three lions passant. The figure was so striking, that it seemed to start from the canvas : and I observed beneath tliis picture a trophy com posed of many weapons, proofs of tlie numerous triumphs of this hard-fighting old cavalier. Besides the weapons connected with the portraits, there were swords of all shapes, sizes, and centu ries, hung round the lull ; with piles of armour placed as it were in clfigy. " On each eiilo of an immenso chimney were suspended tlie portraits of the first seneschal of Poitou (the illegitimate son of Fuulques Taillefer), and his wife, Isabella de Lusignan — the proge nitors of the grim race of Foulqucrrcs that frowned around. They had the look of being perfect likenesses; and as I gazed on them, I fancied I could trace in their antiquated features some family resemblance to their unfortunate de scendant whom I liad slain ! This was a dismal neighbourhood ; yet the armoury was the only part of the castle tliat had a habitable air ; so I asked the warder whether he could not make a fire, and give mc something for supper there, and prepare me a bed in one corner. I" ' A fire and a supper you shall have, and that cheerfully, most worthy pilgrim,' said lie; 'but j as to a bed, I advise you to come and sleep in my j chamber.' " ' Why so?' inquired I; 'why shall I not sleep in this hall? " ' I have my reasons. I will make a bed for you close to mine,' " I made no objections ; for I recollected that it was Friday, and I dreaded the return of my vision. lie brought in billets of wood, kindled a fire in the great overhanging chimney, and then went forth to prepare my supper. I drew a heavy chair before the fire, and seating myself in it, gazed musingly round upon the portraits of tlie Foulqucrrcs, and the antiquated armour and weapons, tlie mementos of many a bloody deed. As the day declined, the smoky draperies of tlie hall gradually became confounded with the dark ground of the paintings, and the lurid gleams from the ciiimney only enabled me to see visages staring at too from the gathering darkness. A 11 this was' dismal in the extreme, and somewhat ap palling ; perhaps it was tlie state of iny conscience that rendered mc peculiarly sensitive, and prone to fearful imaginations. " At length tho warder brought in my supper ; it consisted of n dish of trout and some craw- fish, taken in tiie fosse of the castlc. Ife procured also a bottle of wine, which he informed me was wine of Poitou. I requested him to invite tiie hermit to join me in my repast ; but the holy man sent me back word, tliat he allowed himself nothing but roots and herbs cooked with water. I took my meal, therefore, alone, but prolonged it as much as possible, and sought to cheer my drooping spirits by die wine of I'oitou, which I found very tolerable. " M'hcn supper was over, I prepared for my evening devotions. I have always been very punctual in reciting my breviary ; it is the pre scribed and bounden duty of all chevaliers of the religious orders, and, I can answer for it, is faith fully performed by those of Spain. I accordingly drew forth from my pocket a small missal and a rosary, and told the warden he need only designato to mc the way to his chamber, where I could come and rejoin him, when I had finished my prayers. " lie accordingly pointed out a winding stair case, opening from tlie hall. ' You will descend this staircase,' said he, ' until you come to the fourth landing-place, where you enter a vaulted passage, terminated by an arcade, with a statue of the blessed Jeanne of France. You cannot help finding my room, tlie door of which I will leave open ; it is tlie sixth door from the landing-place. I advise you not to remain in this hall after mid night. Before that hour, you will hear the hermit ring the bell in going the rounds of the corri dors ; do not linger here after that signal.' " The warder retired, and I commenced my de votions. I continued at them earnestly, pausing from time to time to put wood upon the fire. I did not dare to look lnucii around mc, for I felt myself becoming a prey to fearful fancies. The pictures appeared to become animated ; if I re garded one attentively for any length of time, it seemed to move tlie eyes and lips. Above all, the portraits of the grand sencsclial ami - his lady, which hung on each side of the great ciiimney, the progenitors of the Foulqucrrcs of Toie- foulques, regarded mc, 1 thought, with angry and baleful eyes — I even fancied they exchanged sig nificant glances with each other. Just then a terrible blast of wind shook all the casements, and, rushing through the hall, made a fearful rattling and clashing among the armour. To my startled fancy, it seemed something supernatural. At length I heard the bell uf the hermit, and hastened to quit the hall. Taking a solitary light which stood on the supper-table, I descended the winding staircase : but, before I had readied tiie vaulted passage leading to the statue of the blessed Jeanne of France, a blast of wind extinguished my taper. I hastily remounted the stairs, to light it again at Uie chimney ; bui judgc of my feel ings, when, otif aih!iylng..at thc cntrance of the armoury, I'behcw tlio soieschal and his lady, who had .descended Srtfm 'their frames, and seated them selves on each sidd of the fire-jplacc ! ! ".' Madam, my, love,' said. ,tho sencsclial, with great, formality .. and in antiquated phrase, ' what think you of the presumption of this Castilian, who comes to hkrbour himseff, and make wassail in tliis our castlc, after having slain our descendant the commander, hnd that without granting him timo for confession ?'> " ' Truly, my lord,' answered tlie female spectre, with hp less statcfincss of manner, and with great asperity of tone — ""truly, my lord, ! opine tliat this Castilian did a grievous wrong in- this en counter ; ,anil he should never be suffered tb depart hence without your throwing him the gauntlet-.' I paused to hear no more, but rushed.again dotvn stairs, to seek' the chambef of the warder. It was impossible to find it in tlie darkness and in the perturbation Of my mind. After an hour and a half of fruitless search, and mortal horror and anxieties; I endeavoured to persuade myself tliat the 'day was about to hroajc, and listened impa tiently for the crowing of the cock ; for I thought, if I. could hear his cheerful note, I should be re assured; catching, . in the disordered Btatc of my nerves, at the popular notion that ghosts never appear after the first crowing of the cock. "At length I rallied, myself, and endeavoured to shake oil', tho vague terrors which haunted me. I tried to- persuade myself tliat the two figures which I had seemed to see and hear, had existed only in my troubled imagination. 1 still had tho end of a candle in my hand, and determined to make another effort to relight it, and find my way to bed; for I was ready to sink with fatigue. I accordingly Bprang up the staircase, three steps at a time, stopped at the door of the armoury, and peeped cautiously in. The two Gothic figures were no longer in (lie chimney corners, but I ne glected to notice whether they had rcasccndcd to their frames. I entered, and made desperately for the fireplace ; but scarce .had I advanced three strides, when Mcssire Foulqucs Taillefer stood before me, in the centre of tlie liall, armed cap-a- pic, and standing in guard, with the point of his sword silently presented to mc. I would have re treated to the staircase, but the door of it was occupied by the phantom figure of an esquire, who rudely flung a gauntlet in my face. Driven to fury, I snatched down a sword from tlie wall ; ; by cliance it was that of tlie commander,- which I | had placed there. I rushed upon my fantastic I adversary, and seemed to pierce him through and j through ; but at the same time I felt as if some- I thing pierced my heart, burning like a red-hot j iron. My blood inundated the hall, and I fel senseless. i " When I recovered consciousness, it was broad day, anil 1 found myself in a small chamber, at- irnOea by ihe wurtii-i unO itie hermit. The for mer told mc tliat, on the previous night, he had awakened long after tlie midnight-hour, and per ceiving tliat I had not come to his chamber, he had furnished himself witu a vase of holy water, i and set out to seek me. He found mc stretched senseless on the pavement of the armoury, and | bore me to his room. I spoke of my wound, and j of the quantity, of blood that I had lost. He shook I his head, and knew nothing about it ; and to my i surprise, I found myself perfectly sound and un- I harmed. Tlie wound and blood, therefore, had | been all delusion. Neither tlie warder nor tlie hermit put any questions to nie, but advised mc to I leave tho castle as soon as possible. I lost no time in complying with their counsel, and felt my I heart relieved from an oppressive weight as I left ! the gloomy and fatc-bouud battlements of Tcle- | foulqucs behind me. ; "I arrived at Bayonno, on my way to Spain, on the following Friday. At midnight I was startled from my sleep, as I had formerly been ; but it was no longer by tlie vision of the'oId'eqmMandcr —it was old Foulqucs Taillrfcrwhd'stoOd before me, armed cap-a-pie, and pri-scnting; the point of his sword. I made the sign of- tho cross, and ihe spectre vanished ; but'! received the same red-hot thrust in the heart Which I' had felt iq'itlic ar moury, and I seemed to be bathed in blood. I would have railed out, or would liavc arisen from my bed and gone in iquest-of Succour, but' I could neither speak nor stir." This agony endured until the crowing of the cock, when I fell asleep again ; but the next day I was ill, and in a most pitiable state. I have continued to be harassed by the same vision every Friday night ; no acts of peni tence- and devotion have been able to relieve mc from it ; and it is only a lingering hope in divine mercy tliat sustains me, anil enables me to support I so lamentable a visitation." ' . j The grand prior of Minorca wasted gradually j away under this constant remorse of conscience ! and this horrible, incubus.. He. died spme. time | after having revealed tlie preceding particulars of his case, evidently tlie victim of a diseased. imagi - j nation. 