THE CHURCH AND THE CHURCHES. f j The following extracts from an invaluable j work, recently published under the above tiile | by the Rev. Hugh MfNeile, incumbent of St. ! Jude's, Liverpool, will, we are assured, be ac- i ceptable to our readers. We have seldom seen these important subjects treated of with such clearness and conclusiveness. catholicity of thb church. " Under the Old Testament, 'all were not Israel who were of Israel.' There were two Israels. The one — national and visible, including subdivisions of Pharisees and Saddueees ; who differed in manv things one from another, but were identical in this, that they were all separated openly and avowedly from the Gentiles by the ordinance of circumcision. , "The other — individual and spiriJitil, not cer tainly distinguishable by men, but seen and known of God, who had in special grace circumc'sed their hearts, as well as their flesh. " Under the New Testament, all are not Christ's who are of Christendom, There are two churches. "The one— Collective and visible, including many subdivisions, who differ iu many things one from another, biit are identical in this; that they are all separated openly and avowedly from all the rest of mankind, by the ordinance of baptism. These arc the churches of Christ visible and militant liereT on earth, and the aggregate of them all, at atiy one time, is the visible Chureli Catholic. " The other— Individual and spiritual, scattered among the baptized communities, not certainly dis. tinguishable by men, but seen and known of God, who ha3, iu spiritual grace, baptized their hearts, making them ' new creatures' in Christ Jesus. Thi is the Church of God in Christ; and the true ideal of its catboliciiy ranges not only throughout the aggregate of visible Churches at any time, but also throughout the history of them all, at all times, from the distinction between Abel and Cain, till the separation between believer and unbeliever, at the s;c md coining of the Son of Man. »' In the spiritual sense here referred to, which I hope has been satisfactorily shown to be cue — not the the only one, but I think undeniably one— of its true scriptural senses, the Church signifies the especial election of God out of all the Churches: including in one aggregate, all the men, women, and children, fr»m among mankind, who have been and who shall be saved. These were all chosen of God in Christ before the foundation of the world, or as Ignatius expressed it," predestinated before the worlds to glory.' " unity of the efjcr'ch. "It thus appears that the unity of the. Church of God in Christ, the ' one body,' animated by the ' one Spirit,' is a unity inclusive of much diversity; a unity by comprehension, including in its gracious embrace the circumcision and the uncircumcision (Eph. ii. 14. 16,) the observer of days and meats and the non-observer of days and meats (Rom. xiv. ;) those who followed with the disciples of Christ, and those who honoured the name of Christ, yet followed not with his disciples (8t. Luke ix. 49, 50;) all, in a word, who ' bold the head' Co!, ii. 19,) agreeing in primary truths, however widely they may diflerin the special peculiarities of inferential interpretation, and, by consequence, in secondary ceremonies. "This is a variety such 33 no visible church on earth ever possessed. The unity of each visible Church is a unity by exclusion, not by comprehen sion; a unity which maintains itself by rejecting a 1 who will not conform to its secondary specialies. The unity of the Church of Rome is by such ex clusion, rejecting all who will not submit to the assumed supremacy of the Bishop of Rome, and conform to the various customs of the worship and discipline adopted and sanctioned under him. The unity of the Church of England is, fey such exclu sion,' rejecting all who will not agree in the detailed arrangements of her provincial and diocesan Episco pacy, and her union with the State, and who wiil not conform to the use of her Liturgy, and other customs and forms of her worship. The unity of the Chnrch of Scotland is is maintained by such ex clusion, rejecting all who will not agree in her Pres byterian form of Church government, and extempo raneous mode of public woiship. The same may be said of ail other bodies of men calling themselves Churches. It is of the characteristic littleness of visible Churches to exclude non conformists in visible things; to exclude all who 'follow not with us,' although they be devoutly honouring the name, and sincerely rejoicing in the truth and iove of our Lord and Master, Jesus Christ. "The unity of the Church of God kno-vs nothing of these artificial boundaries of man's erection. True, it is exclusive; hut the boundary line of its exclu sion are traced in the fundamental verities of God's revelation, notio rhe fancied improvements of human tradition. 4t is a unity of holy sympathy in the relation which every member bears to "Christ ; a unity of mutual forbearance, and forgiveness, and charily, in the relation which the members bear one toauotheF. " We perceive, also, that it is produced and main tained by 'one Spirit,' whose gracious influences aie not confined within any one form, or custom, or country No man, whatever country he may inhabit, whatever customs he may grow up in and practise, whatever forms he may prefer and adopt has, or can have, any part or lot in this unity, but by the Holy Ghost. 'There, is one . Spirit,' -And every man. of every land, and custom, and form, in whom that Holy Ghost dwells, witnessing for Jesus, aud purifying the heart, is a member of Christ's body, 'of his flesh and of his bones.' (Eph. v". 30.) There is one body.' " apostolicitY of the church. "Though the ' Apostle's fellowship' did not con sist in, nor ot necessity include, outward and visible companionship, but rather an exprimeutal oneness in the enjoyment of God and love of one another ; yet it surely did include compliance with the autho ritative instructions of the Apostles not only in points of doctrine, but also in matters of discipline aud worship ; e. g. To the Chutch at Corinth the the Apostle Paul wrote plainly and pointedly coiii cerning the Lord's Supper, leaving no doubt iu the mind of any intelligent reader of his epistle that every member of that Church should reverently eat of that bread and drink of that cvp.' He wiote, also, concerning the language to be used in the public worship of God, that it should be n language ' nndeistanded of the people,' so that the unlearned hearer might be able to say Amen to the giving of thanks; for that, otherwise, the speakers and hearers would be as barbarians to one another. If, in de fiance of this, tire Corinthian Church had adopted a rule, rendered imperative by their local ecclesiastical authorities, by which the use of the cup in the Lord's Supper was always confined to the official g' ministers of the church, and never extended to the congregation ; and and another rule, by which the mctu solemn services of the Church in public worship were always conducted in a foreign and dead lan guage; it would have been palpabha contemjft of the ApasjJes to have recognised that Church as any' longer an apostolical Church.'' " Now, if we see an ordained minister eommend- hi i ln'ffrl" i II 1 1 ii MWtT© alii TOTrnwrrrn i i ing the Scriptures, explaining the Scriptures, endea vouring, by judicious, patient, and persevering efforts, that men, women, and children, may have; opportunity ' to. hear, read, mark, learn, and in- waidly digest' the contents of the sacred volume ; here we see a ' worker together wiih God,' and in this particular, at least, an apostolic minister, accord ing to St. Paul's description of such. "On the other hand, if we see an ordained minis ter, whether bishop or presbyter, opposing the read ing of the Scriptures by the people generally, on the plea that through the ignorance of ihe people, and the obscurity of the Scripture, more injury than benefit will atise from it ; if we see him objecting to the children of his people being taught the Scrip tures in the schools ; if we know of his interference to prevent the attendance of his people at scriptural 'eariings ; if, as in one remarkable instance, we find him commending the zeal of the peasant who put a Bitile in the fire, and enlarging in terms of high ap - probation on the orthodox horror of a contaminating touch , which induced that peasant to talc i the vile thing in the tongs rathcr ihan his fingers. Do we here re- cognir'e a woiker together with God' or a worker against God ? Do ,e here recognise a successor of Peter, who earnestly commended the Scriptures as a light to which the people did well to take hte.l ; and exhorted all the faithful, ' scattered throughout Pontns, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia, to 'desire the sincere rrilk of the word, that they might grow thereby' (2 Pet. i 19 ; 1 Pei. ii. 2 :) or i do we not, rather, recognize here a successor of; Judas, who betrayed bis Master and his cause j '.hrough wordly ambition? Peter and Judas had j the same ordination It is not by their mission in l visible succession that ye shall know the true ' am- j bassadors for Christ' from the false, but by. their fruits." 