Pictures from Italy. By Charles Dickens. Bradbury and Evans. The public must by this time be aware that, let Mr. Dickens write on what subject he may, he will be sure to treat it in original style. Whatever book come from his pen will be essen tially a new book. The world will have seen nothing like it before. He h one of those men, born once in a century, scarcely oftener, whose mind forms a new die distinct from all moulds that have previously appeared. He borrows from no one. His faults and his merits belong equally to himself. His impressions are original, and his mode of expression is original also. His intellect is creative in the sense of originating what is new, and he has wonderful wealth of language with which to grace his ideas. Every thing lie writes bears the genuine stamp of his own mind. It could belong, to cne else but him. There is the hand of the master on every page. Marked as his peculiarities are, they yet defy imitation, for there is a spirit breathing in the liardest and most mannered of his forms that sets an immeasurable distance between him and his copyists. There is a vitality in all his conceptions, which genius only can attain and mere art can never approach, for — " What fine chisel could ever yet cut breath ?" A thousand books have been written on Italy before, yet certainly this volume is as purely new as though all the land had been buried like Herculaneum, and for as many centuries, and Mr. Dickens had been the first to visit it after its excava tion. His whole tour has been a journey of discovery. Every one will involuntarily accord his narrative the highest praise it can possibly receive, and' say, " Here is a new book on an old theme." The title of the work, " Pictures from Italy," is expressive of its character. We almost see as we read. We can fancy, so vivid, so distinct, and so aitistical are the author's descriptions, that he is dealing with the paintings of some great master, rather than with the out-door world of reality, except that no paintings could ever be at once so broad in effect and so delicate and minute in detail. It would be a great mistake to confound this author's eccen tricities of phrase with the character of his genius. They are part of the rawness of his youth. We hope he will soon throw them off. rfhey might have attracted some notice at first, but now, he may be sure, they will rather impede than promote his popularity. They might pass muster in " Pickwick," but they will not do in works of a graver kind. They smack of affecta tion, and of a very vulgar sort of affectation besides. What are we to make of such an expression as this, applied to the streets of Genoa ?r-" They erpit a peculiar, fragrance, like the smell of very bad cheese, kept ip very hot blankets." In a similar style is the notice of Avignon " The city lay baking in the sun, yet with an underdone piecrust, battlement wall, that never will be done brown, though it hake for centuries." Such ilprrja sockneyisms had surely better be left at hope, or be re- served for the next vagabond of the Dick Swiveller order that Mr.' Dickens shall eall into being. Those who are sceptical as to his rare talent find some support for their opinion in the fre quent recurrence of passages equally detestable. But the leading idea Mr. Dickens gives of Italy is very fine and very. poetical. He impresses us everywhere, with a senti ment of the decay of this lovely land. He shows it in the last stage of consumption, with a wasted form, but with a flush of hectic beauty on its cheek. Less is said of the noble works that remain to it, mostly hidden in galleries, than of the broader aspects of the country— the grass-grown streets of superb cities —the dismantled halls. of palatial edifices— the remnants of grand theatres — the ruins of, whatever, could indicate a proud and flourishing people. From some of his chapters we derive the same dreary sense of fallen grandeur and utter desolation that we have from Hood's poem of " The Haunted House." The springs of industry and of vigorous life in the land are dried up. The inhabitants wander amid buildings too large and too splendid for their present state like the shadows of a former and greater race of beings. The route of Mr. Dickens was that of most other tourists ; but how much more did he see ! At Avignon, once the capital of the Pcpes, he stopped to mark the lions of the place, all deeply branded, if the truth must be told, with the mark of the beast. It is the whim of Mr. Dickens to chlj the old hag-like guide of the Papal palace " the goblin of the ruin." Led by her he sees all the terrors cf the palace. His sketch of them is fine and imaginative, drawn rather from the feelings excited by the types of torture he saw, and the recollections they excited, than from the actual realities of tbe scene. At the entrance is the dungeon where Rienzi was chained to a wall now open to the sky. Beyond are the Cachots, whore the prisoners of the In quisition were confined forty-eight hours after their capture, without food or drink, that they might be conquerred before they came in presence of their judges Then to the chapel of the Inquisition, where— was ever satire imagined more bitter 1 — the parable of the good Samaritan can yet be traced pictured on the walls. Beyond is " la Salle de la Question," the cham ber of torture, with all its ghastly instruments of agony and death still remaining, and with its funnel-shaped roof, contrived to stifle the victim's cries. One tower, tall and dark, is deeply stained with blood. Here, when further torture was useless, were the mangled bodies of the sufferers thrown. Here, too, came swift and dreadful vengeance on the heads of the descend ants of the old tyrannicides and torturers. When the revolu tion broke forth', fifty inmates of the palace, men, women, and priests, were massacred without mercy, and their bodies, the dying and the dead together, dashed down the height of this dreadful tower. The closing passage of this vivid chapter will show the style in which the whole description is treated by the author: — les oubliettes of tiie inquisition. Goblin's finger is lifted ; and she steals out again, into the chapel of the Holy Office. She stops at a certain part of the flooring. Her great effect is at hand. She waits for the rest. ! She darts at the brave Courier, who is explaining something, j hits him a sodding rap on the hat with the largest key, and j bids him be Silent. She assembles us all, round a little trap- i door in the floor, as round a grave. " Voila !" she darts down ! at the ring, and flings the door open with a crash, in her goblin energy, though it is no light vVeight. "Voila les oubliettes ! j Voila les oubliettes! Subterranean! Frightful! Black! i Terrible! Deadly! Les oubliettes de l'Inquisition." My blood ran cold as I looked from Goblin down into the J vaults where these forgotten creatures, with recollections of the ; world outside, of wives, friends, children, brothers, starved to death, and made the stones ring with their unavailing groans. ! But the thrill I felt on seeing the accursed wall below, decayed I and broken through, and the sun shining in through its gaping wounds, was like a sense of victory and triumph. I felt exalted with the proud delight of living, in these- degenerate times, to see if, as if I wee the hero of some high achievement! The light in the doleful vaults wastypicalof the light that hasstreamed in on all persecution in God's name, but which is not yet at its noon ! It cannot look more lovely to a blind man newly re stored to sight than to a traveller who sees it, calmly and ma jestically, treading down the darkness of that infernal well. The " gaping wounds" of the tower is fine and poetic ; but much grander is the image of light personified treading down the darkness of the pit. - The entire notice of Avignon is marked by the power and peculiarities of the author. It is for cible, dramatic, terrible, and true. At Genoa we breathe the true Italian air, feeling the soft voluptuousness of the climate and comprehending what it is to stand by the lingering death bed of a magnificent city genoa the superb; When shall I forget the < streets of palaces — the Strada Nuova and the Strada Balbi ! or how the former looked one summer day, when I first saw it underneath the brightest and most intensely blue of summer skies, which its narrow perspec tive of immense mansions reduced to a tapering and most pre cious strip of brightness, looking down upon the heavy shade below ! A brightness not too common, even in July and August, to be well-esteemed ; for, if the truth must out, there were not eight blue skies in as many midsummer weeks, saving sometimes early in the morning, when, looking out to sea, the water and the firmament were one world of deep and brilliant blue. At other times there were clouds and haze enough to make an Englishman grumble in his own climate. The endless details of these rich palaces ; the walls of some of them, within, alive with masterpieces by Vandyke ! The great, heavy, stone balconies, one above another, and tier over tier, with here and there one larger than the rest, towering high up— a huge marble platform ; the doorless vestibules, massively barred lower windows, immense public staircases, thick marble pillars, strong dungeon-like arches, and dreary, dreaming, echoing, vaulted chambers; among which the eye wanders pgain, tmd again, and again as every pylac is succeeded by 1 another — the terrace-gardens between house and bouse, with green arches of the vine, and grqves.of orange-trees, and blush ing oleonder in full bloom, twenty, thirty, forty feet above the street— the painted halls, mouldering, and blotting, and rotting in the damp corners, and still shining out in beautiful colours and voluptuous, designs, where the walls are, dry— the faded figures on tbe outsides of the houses, holding \yreaths and crowns, and flying upward and downWard, and standing in niches, and here and there looking fainter and more feeble than elsewhere, by contrast with some fresh.little cupids, who on a more recently-decorated portion of the front are stretching out what seems to be the semblance of a blanket, bat is, indeed, a sun-dial — tbe steep, steep, uphill streets of small palaces (but very small palaces for all that), with marble terraces looking down into close by-ways— the magnificent and innumerable churches .and the rapid passage from a street of stately edifices into a maze of the vilest squalor, streaming with uuwbolesome stenches, and swarming with half-naked children and whole worlds of dirty people, make up, altogether, such a scene of wonder, so lively and yet so dead,, so noisy and yet so quiet, so obtrusive and yet so shy and lowering, so wide awake and yet so fast asleep, that it is a sort of intoxication to a. stranger to walk on, and on, and on, and look about him. A bewildering phantasmagoria, with all the inconsistency of a dream, and all the pain and all the pleasure of an extravagant reality ! The different uses to which some of those palaces are applied, all at once, is characteristic. For instance, the English banker (my excellent and hospitable friend) has his office in a good- sized palazzo in the Strada Nubva. In tbe hall (every inch of which is elaborately painted, but which is as dirty .as a police- station in London) a hook-nosed Saracen's Head, with an im mense quantity of black hair (there is a man attached to it), sells walking-sticks. On the other side of the doorway a lady, with a showy handkerchief for head-dress (wife to the Saracen's Head, 1 believe), Sells articles of her own knitting, and some times flowers. A little further in, two or three blind men occa sionally beg. Sometimes they are visited by a man without legs, on a iittle go-cart, but who has such a fresh- coloured lively face, and such a respectable well-conditioned body, that he looks as if lie had sunk into the ground up to his middle, or had come but partially up a flight of cellar-steps to speak to somebody. A little further in, a few men, perhaps, lie asleep in. the middle of the day; or they may be chairmen waiting for their absent freight. If so, theyhave brought their chairs in with them, and there' they stand also. On the left of the hall is a little room, a hatter's shop. On the first floor, also, is a whole house, and a good large residence too. Heaven knows what there may be above that ; but when you are there you have only just begun to go up stairs. And yet, coming down stairs again, thinking of this, and passing out at a great crazy door in the back of the hall, instead of turning the other way, to get into the street again, it bangs behind you, making the dismallest and most lopesome echoes, and you stand in a yard, (the yard of the same house) which seems to have been un- visited by human foot for a hundred years. Not a sound dis turbs its repose. Not a head thrust out of any of the grim, dark, jealous - windows within sight, makes the weeds jn the craeked pavement faint of heart, by suggesting the possibility of there being hands to grub them up. Opposite to you is a giant figure carved in stone, reclining with an urn, upon a lofty piece of artificial rockwork ; and out of the urn dangles the fag-end of a leaden pipe, which, once upon a time, poured a small torrent dowu the rocks. But the eye-sockets of the giant are not drier than this channel is now. He seems to have given his urn,' which is nearly upside down, a final tilt, and after crying, like a sepulchral child, " All gone !" to have lapsed into a stony silence. The other pictures of Genoa are less inviting. We dare not transfer to our columns the author's description of the atmo sphere of filth in which the people live, too lazy indisposition to show a sense of enjoyment even on their fete days. Supersti tion alone — living like the vermin that torment the people, on the wreck of whatever is noble and great — was in a flourishing' state. The priests who swarmed in the city had little in point of appearance to recommend tliero — italian ecclesiastics. The streets of Genoa wGuld be all tbe better for tbe impor tation of a few priests of prepossessing appearance. Every fourth or fifth man in the streets is a priest or a monk ; and there is pretty sure to be at least one itinerant ecclesiastic in side or outside every hackney carriage on the neighbouring roads. I have no knowledge elsewhere of more repulsive coun tenances than are to be found amongst those gentry. If Na ture's handwriting be at all legible, greater varieties of sloth, deceit, and intellectual torpor could hardly be observed among any class of men in the world. There is a wide contrast between the frippery with which tbe churches are decked out and the slight regard shown for the decencies of Christian burial in — the sepulchres of the dead. It may be a consequence of the frequent direction of the popular mind and pocket to the souls in purgatory, but there is very little tenderness for the bodies of the dead here. For the very poor there are, immediately outside one angle of the walls, and behind a jutting point of tlie fortification, near the sea, certain common pits— one for every day in the year— which all remain closed up until the turn of each comes for its daily re ception of dead bodies. Among the troops in the town there are usually some Swiss; more or less. When any of these die, they are buried out of a fund maintained by such of their countrymen as are resident in Genoa. Their providing coffins for these men is matter of great astonishment to the authorities. Certainly the effect of this promiscuous and indecent splash ing down of dead people into so many wells is bad. It sur rounds death with revolting associations, that insensibly become connected with those whom death is approaching. Indifference and avoidapce are tbe natural result ; and all the softening in fluences of the great sorrow are harshly disturbed. Amusements were not very plentiful in Genoa. The people were too indolent to care much for them. One exhibition, how ever, Mr. Dickens found extremely diverting. There is con ceived in the true " Boz" style a notice of — the puppet play of the' dea1h of napoleon. I went another night to see these puppets act a play called "St. Helena; or, the Death of Napoleon." It began by the disclosure of Napoleon, with an immense head, seated on a sofa in his chamber at St. Helena ; to whom his valet entered with this obscure announcement— 1 " Sir Yew ud se on Low ! " (the was in cow.) Sir Hudson (that you could have seen his regimentals !) was a perfect mammoth of a man to Napoleon— hideonsly ugly, with a monstrously disproportionate face, and a great clump for the lower jaw, to express his tyrannical and obdurate nature. He began his system of persecution by calling his prisoner " General Buonaparte;" to which the latter replied, with the deepest tra gedy, "Sir Yew ud se on Low, call me not thus. Repeat the phrase and leave me ! 1 am Napoleon, Emperorof France !" Sir Yed ud se on, nothing daunted, proceeded to entertain him with an ordinance of the British Government, regulating the state he should preserve, and the furniture of his rooms, and limiting his attendants to four or five persons. " Four or five for me 1" said Napoleon. " Me ! One hundred thousand men were lately at my sole command ; and this English officer talks of four or five for me 1" Throughout the piece Napoleon (who talked very like the real Napoleon, and was for ever having small soliloquies by himself) was very bitter on " these English officers," and " these English soldiers," to the great satisfaction of the audience, who were perfeotly delighted to have Low Bullied ; and who, whenever Low said " General Buonaparte" (which he always did, always receiving the same correction), quite execrated him. It Would be hard to say why; for Italians have little cause to sympathise with Napoleon, Heaven hnowB. There was no plot at all, except that a French officer, dis guised as an Englishman, came to propound a plan of escape ; and, being discovered, hut before Napoleon had magnanimously refceed to steal his freedom, was immediately ordered off by Low to be hanged, in two very loog speeches, which Low made memorable by winding up with " Yas 1" to show that he was English, which brought down thunders of applause. Na poleon was so effected by this catastrophe, that lie fainted away on the spot, and was carried out by two other puppets. Judg ing from what followed, it would appear that he never recovered the shock ; for the next act showed him in a dlean shirt in his bed (curtains crimson and white), where a lady, prematurely dressed in mourning, brought two little children, who kneeled down by the bedside, while he made a decent end, the last vord on his lips being " Vatterloo." It was unspeakably ludicrous. Buonaparte's boots were so wonderfully beyond control, and did such marvellous things of their own accord, doubling themselves up, and getting under tables, and dangling in the air, and sometimes skating away with him, out of all human knowledge, when he was in full speech — mischances which were not rendered the less absurd by a settled melancholy depicted in his face. To put an end to one conference with Low, he had to go to a table and read a book ; when it was the finest spectacle 1 ever beheld to see his body bending over the volume, like a boot- jack, and his senti mental eyes glaring obstinately into the pit. He was prodi giously good in bed, with an immense collar to his shirt, and bis little hands outside the coverlet. So was Dr. Antommarchi, represented by a puppet with long lank hair, like Mawworm's, who, in consequence of some derangement of his wires, hovered about the couch like a vulture, and gave medical opinions in the air. He was almost as good as Low, though the latter was great at all times — a decided brute and villain, beyond all pos sibility of mistake. Low was especially fine at the last, when, hearing the doctor and the valet say, " The Emperor is dead !" he pulled out his watch, and wound up the piece (not the watch) by exclaiming, with characteristic brutality, !'Ba! ha ! Eleven minutes to six ! The General dead ! and the spy banged 1 " This brought the curtain down triumphantly. Quitting Genoa, the author ran rapidly through the chief cities of Italy. Venice he fancifully describes as seen in a vision with all its images of historic grandeur, of poetry and romance, and all its material beauties of sculpture aDd painting floating before him in the vague splendour and grave-like silence of a dream. His general impression of Italian cities may be gathered from his forcible notice of— the theatre of tije farnese palace at modena. It is a large wooden structure of the horseshoe shape; the lower seats arranged upon the Roman plan, but above great heavy chambers rather than boxes, where the nobles sat, remote in their proud state. Such desolation as has fallen on this theatre, enhanced in the spectator's fancy by its gay intentiou and design, none but worms can be familiar with. A hundred and ten years have passed since any play was acted here. The sky shines in through the gashes in the roof; the boxes are dropping down, wasting away, and only tenanted by rats ; damp and mildew smear the faded colors, and make spectral maps upon the panels ; lean rags are dangling down where there were gay festoons on the proscenium ; the stage has rotted so that a narrow wooden gallery is thrown across it, or it would sink beneath the tread, and bury the visitor in the gloomy depth beneath. The desolation and decay impress themselves on all the senses. The air has a mouldering smell, and an earthy taste ; any stray outer sounds that straggle in with spme lost sunbeam aremuffled and heavy ; and the worm, the maggot, and the rot have changed the surface of the wood beneath the touch, as time will seam and roughen a smooth hand. If ever ghosts acts plays, they act them on this ghostly stage. At Rome, Mr. Dickens is still original. The imperial city has never had a more animated describer. From the instant he enters its boundaries he is impressed with the awful solemnity oftheplace, and contemplates it in the spirit of a poet. Nothing has been written finer than this— view of the coliseum. It is no fiction, but plain, sober, honest truth, to say, so sug gestive and distinct is it at this hour, that, for a moment — actu ally in passing in — they who- will may have the whole great pile before them, as it used to be, with thousands of eager faces staring down into the arena, and such a whirl of strife, and blood, :and dust going on there, as no language can describe. Its solitude, its awful beauty, and its utter desolation, strike upon the stranger the next moment like a softened sorrow ; and never in his life, perhaps, will he be so moved and overcome by any sight -not immediately connected with his own affections and afiiictions, . To see it crumbling there, an inch a- year; its walls and arches overgrown with green ; its corridors, open to the day ; the long grass growing in its. porches ; young trees of yesterday springing up on its ragged. parapets, and bearing fruit, chance produce of the seeds dropped there by the birds who build their nests within its chinks and crannies; to see its pit of fight filled up with earth, and .the peaceful cross planted in the centre; to climb into its upper halls, and look down on ruin,- ruin, ruin, all about it ; the triumphal arches of Gonstantine, Septimus Severus, and Titus the Roman Forum; the palace of the Caesars ; tile temples 6f the old religion, fallen down and gone ; is to see the ghost of old Rome, wicked wonderful city, haunting the very ground on which its people trod. It is the most impressive, the most stately, the most -solemn, grand, ma jestic, mournful sight coBCfijsakfo. Never ip its hfoo4ip?t prime can the sight of the gigantic Coliseum, foil and running over with the lustiest life, liave moved one heart, as it must move all who look upon it now, a nun. God be thanked, a ruin ! As it tops the other ruins, standing there, a mountain among graves, so do its ancient influences outlive all other remnants of the old mythology and old butchery of Rome in the nature of the fierce and cruel Reman people. The Italian face changes as the visitor approaches the city ; its he wty becomes devijish ; and there is scarcely oue coun tenance in a hundred among the common people in the streets that would not he at home and happy in a renovated Coliseum to-morrow. Grand and true 1 The author is equal to his theme; his ge nius expands with the sublimity of the objects presented toil. All the sights of the capital — particularly the carnival, so marked in the contrast of its heedlessly gaiety and reckless en- joymeut with the dying grandeur of the place — are pictured in vivid colors ; while occasionally in these sketches of the out ward world we are suffered to catch glimpes of the humour that imagined Mrs. Gamp and Mrs. Nickleby. A thousand families of tourists might have sat for this sketch of— the. da vis's on their travels. We often encountered in these expeditions a company of English tourists, with whom I had an ardent but ungratified longing to establish a speaking acquaintance. They were one Mr. Davis and a small circle of friends. It was impossible not to know Mrs. Dayis's name, from her being always in great re quest among her party, and her party being everywhere. During the Holy Week they were in every part of every scene of every ceremony. For a fortnight or three weeks before it they were in every tomb, and every church, and every ruin, and every picture gallery ,; and I hardly ever observed Mrs. Davis to be silent for a moment. Deep under ground, high up in St. Peter's, out on the Campagna, and stifling in the Jews' quarter, Mrs. Davis turned up all the same. I don't think she ever saw anytiiing, or ever looked at anything ; and she had always lost something out of a straw hand-basket, and was trying to find it, with all her might and main, among an immense quantity of English half-pence, which lay, like sands upon the sea-shore, at the bottom of it. There was a professional Cicerone attached to the party (which had been brought over from London, fifteen or twenty strong, by contract), and, if he so much as looked at Mrs. Davis, she invariably cut him short by saying. " There, God bless .the man, don't worrit me ! I don't understand a word you say, and shouldn't if you was to talk till you was iblack in the face!" Mr. Davis always had a snuff-coloured ! great coat on, and carried a great green umbrella in his hand, and had a slow curiosity constantly devouring him, which prompted him to do extraordinary things, .such as taking the covers off urns in tombs, and looking in at the ashes as if they were pickles, and tracing out inscriptions with the ferrule of his umbrella, and saying, with intense thoughtfulness, " Here's a B you see, and there's a R, and this is the way we goes on in, is it !" His antiquarian habits occasioned his being frequently in the rear of the rest, and one of the agonies of Mrs. Davis and the party in general was an ever- present fear that Davis would be lost. This caused them to scream for him, in the strangest places, and at the most improper seasons. And when he came, slowly emerging out of some sepulchre or other, like a peaceful Ghoule, saying, " Here I am !" Mrs. Davis invaria bly replied, "You'll be buried ajive in a foreign country, Davis, and it's no use trying to prevent you !" The interiors of Romish churches, as they appeared to the eye of this keen observer, present too instructive a spectacle to be altogether overlooked here. There are some in Protestant England who might profit by this glimpse of— popish devotion in rome. The scene in all the churches is the strangest possible. The same monotonous, heartless, drowsy, chanting always going on ; the same dark building, darker from the brightness of the street without j the same lamps dimly burning ; the self-same people kneeling here and there-; turned towards you, from one altar or other ; the same priest's back, with the same large cross embroi dered on it ; however, different in size, in shape, in wealth, in architecture this church is from that, it is the same thing still. There are the same dirty beggars stopping in their muttered prayers to beg ; the same miserable cripples exhibiting their deformity at the doors; the same blind men, rattling little pots like kitchen pepper-castors, their depositories for alms ; the same preposterous crowns of silver stuck on the painted heads of single saints and Virgins in crowded pictures, so that a little figure has a headdress .bigger than the temple in the foreground or adjacent miles of landscape ; the same favorite shrine or figure, smothered with little silver hearts and crosses and the like, the staple trade and show of all the Jewellers; the same odd mixture of respect and indecorum, faith and phlegm; kneeling on the stones, and spitting on them loudly ; getting up from prayers to beg a little, or to pursue some other worldly matter, and then kneeling down again, to resume the contrite supplication at the point where it was interrupted. In one church a kneeling lady got up from her prayers, for a moment, to offer us her card, as a teacher of music; and, in another, a sedate gentleman, with a very thick walking-staff, arose from his devotions to belabour his dog, who was growling at another dog, and whose yelps and. howls resounded through the church as his master quietly relapsed into his former train of medita tion — keeping his eye upon the dog at the some time, never theless. Above all, there is always a receptacle for the contri butions of the faithful, in some form or other. Sometimes it is a money-box, set up between the worshipper and the wooden life -size figure of the Redeemer; sometimes it is a little chest for the maintenance of the Virgin ; sometimes an appeal on behalf of'a popular bambino ; sometimes a bag at the end of a long stick, thrust among the people here and there, and vigi lantly jingled by an active sacristan ; but there it always is, and, very often, in many shapes in the same church, and doing pretty well in all. The picture is perfect. Hardly can any paragraph in the English tongue be pointed out more truly life-dike in form and spirit. And.is: it for such mummery that the heartfelt devotion and decent solemnities of Protestant worship are to be. sacri ficed ? Nothing is more commop Jhan a feeling of dssappoiutroent I.... 1..-. I , on first glancing thropli $hg work pf q pelejqd author. We have no such feeling here. We regard the -volume, in point of ability, as one of the highest Mr. Dickens has produced. Its. originality excites and exhtluaf es the mind, We have no other feeling, from first to last, than «f continued surprise and delight. New trains of thought aud new realms for speculation are opened to us at every page. We tpay, pn a japid perusal, be hurried away by tbe Atjbojt's elpqupnqfiT-fof it fo rich, abundant, and artful— and entertain q higher estimate for his work than it will sustaid on deeper consideration ; yet, allowing for this exaggeration of feeling— natural to the consideration of what is perfectly new— we still think that Italy, such as it now exists, in town and country— such as seen by an eye and a mind that can take in the broader aspects of the varied scene, without ne glecting what is minute, that can gather the near and the remote, and blend the physical features of the country with the moral condition of the people — is here faithfully and intelligibly de picted for the first time. Whoever reads Mr. Dickens's " Pictures" will not only know something of Italy, but will begin to comprehend its character and sentiment. This book, perhaps more than any former ope by the same author, will set attest the foolish speculation from time to time entertained whether Mr. Dickens be really a great writer, and will achieve a lasting reputation. There are passages in it, following rapidly on each other, which none but a man of the most eminent and original genius could have penned. We be lieve that genius to be only yet in course of development, and that it is destined to attain higher and more honorable triumphs than it has yet won. Some passages that strike us as penned in ill taste we have alluded to. Let it be Mr. Dicken's excuse that he has even for his folly illustrious precedent. There are jests— and some times sorry ones — in Shakespeare's deepest tragedies/ Mr. Dickens hints in his preface that he is about to quit England again, purposing to take up his residence in Switzer land. He intimates that he made a mistake in his recent ex periment in journalising. However that may be, the reception of this volume will no doubt conyipce him that he has forfeited no portion of public favor. 