SmtftaD (Burner. OBSERVATIONS ON PSALM IX. 1.7. . The -wicked shall be turned into Hell, and all the -nations that forget God?' In this psalm, the sweet singer of Israel offered praise to Jehovah, for bis judgments poured forth upon the workers of iniquity ; in like .manner, the -redeemed are represented, in the Revelation, as-expressing their joy at the overthrow of the enemies of Christ's -Church and people. A-s tliespirit of rejoicing oversuch scenes may appear inconsistent with that pity and mercy which reigns in every truly Christian heart, I remind the reader of the fact, that God is just, as well as merciful; and he never pours out his wrath upon men, until tbey have trampled on a Saviour's blood, and -refused to know, .in their day of grace, the things belonging -to their peace. That God delights not in a sinnei"s death he hath declared by an oath. Yet his acceptance oi -the sacrifice ol his Sou, and his equity and justice bind him to award to every man according to .his works,; hence, we see, that it would be as unjust in God, not to punish the wicked, as not to reward the righteous". Every holy being must joy at the sight of that justice which deals with equity in every case. If in our courts ofIaw,>the guilty were allowed to go un punished, what a deluge of crime would overspread the land? But God will not be mocked; " for nhat a man soweth, the same shail.be reap.'' Heaven will never be distracted by allowing one unholy soul to enter there; therefore, " the wicked shall be turned into Hell," and as justice and reason demand that they should,! shall endeavour to impress the awful truth on my reader's mind, by adverting— 1\. To the doom of the wicked, 2\. To the reasons why the wicked and all who -forget God, must be turned into Hell, and -3. To. prove the .certainty of the. case, ;; .1. The term Hell, here mentioned as the prison ofi wicked souls after death, does not merely siguify the: Bodes, (or place of separation,) -where souls exist after: the dissolution of their union with the body; but signi- j fies a. place of punishment where none but wioked souls; are. Some divines have been at .great pains to -con fuse' this point, but as the souls of -both the righteous and i the wicked exist when separated from the body, it is easy to prove that their states differ. The Saviour! himself has cleared up this point in his discourse res pecting « the rich man and Lazarus." The one .(after death) was comforted, and the other tormented. There fore, as Heaven is a place of felicity— Hell is a place ol torment, as described by our Lord in Matthew xxviit. In heaven, pain and weeping will -not exist; even sorrow and sighing shall flee away on the soul's entrance into that regions of bliss ; but in Hell, pain, sorrow, and misery; all these dire consequents of sin will eternally exist, and an impassible gulph sever the lost souls in that prison, from a single ray of hope. Ilell is a place of weeping, where tears of dark -despair—infernal tears, (unknown on earth,) drop on Tor ever — where devils sport themselves with -horrid grins, at the misery to which men -have -brought themselves by sin persisted in. The wicked, and -all who forget -God, and neglect to seek mercy, ill they can sin no longer — all who, like the foolish virgins seek entrance when mercy's door is shut, shall be turned, s.e. driven by irresistable force,' into lieli. And is this a subject for sinners to sport with ? There -is a -Hell for the wicked, as surely as there is a Heaven for God's servants; and as -the joys ol Heaven are eternal, so the torments of Hell are ever lasting. Laugh, ye profane, and smile and burst, with bold impiety ; In Hell you'll live, for ever curst, and seek in vain to! die-.; There yotrwill own the -dreadful names of plagues vou scorn'! before, No more -ttiey'll seem like foolish dreams, or idle tales no more." Come ye boasting swearers and infidels, and put your lives into these words, and use them as your prayer, if you wish to go to Hell, in order to prove its existence. " Let me die the death of " Paine or Voltaire," and let my last end be like theirs." If you live in sin, you are on the sure way to meet the doom to which sin leads. 2\. I notice some of the reasons why the wicked and all who forget God, must be turned into Hell; and as this part of my subject may furnish an answer to the scoffer's -question, ' What must I do to be damned," I beg the reader's serious attention to the following Scrip tural account ol this awlul subject, 1\. The wicked are not compelled to sin on, and be damned by God, neither does he delight in man's de struction, for in Ezrk. xxxiii. 11, we read ; " As I live saitli the Lord, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked ; but that the wicked turn from his evil way and live; turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die?" It is because they repeat not, and come to Christ for salvation — because they resist (as the Is raelites who murdered Stephen,) the Holy Ghost, that the wicked shall be turned into Hell. 2\. Is it not just that men should reap as they have sown, an<i is it not reasonable to expect to reach any place, by walking in the way which leads thither. If (he wa es be according to the work performed, jt evi dently appears that tiie wickeflare. turned into Hell lor the following reasons isf. For refusing deliverance by Jesus Christ. 2nd. Because they have walked on the road thither. 3Jiy. Because "Whatsoever a man soweth the same shall he also reap," 4th. Because " The wages of sin is Death — and every wicked man is working for these wages. Justice de mands that he shall be paid. 3 The certainty " of the destruction of Sodom and Goinmorha, and of Jerusalem, cannot be denied by any man who is possessed of common sense ; and as these awful examples afford proof of the truth of God's threateniiigs— as the crash of their fall echoes a warning to us, through centuries fled ; it becomes every human being whokno.ws these things, to prepare and meet bis God; God's word is. pledged for the damnation of the wicked, as well as for tne rewarding of the righteous. The certainty of the wicked's doom rests upon the truth of God. Toe cettainty of the wicked mau?s damnation appeared in the horrors which haunted the last hours ol Voltaire and Paine, and which still attend the unsaved sinner in a dying hour. Yes. A blast from Eternity's border— a voice from Heaven— a cry from Dives" in Hell— declare alike that the wicked (who turn not from their sins to the Saviour,) shall be turned into Hell. Remember, God is strict as his word, and sin shall not go unpunished. Only forget to repent a little longer, but be assured God will not forget to reward you ac cording to your works. I must from God be driven, Or in his presence dwell j Must come at bis command to Heaven, Or else depart to Hell, G. 