SPECULATION IN EIGHTEEN HUNDRED AND FORTY-FIVE. A curious document came to light on Saturday in the shape of a report from the Registrar General of Joint Stock Companies to the Privy Council for Trade for 1845. It forms a gigantic index of upwards of fifty follow to the doings in railway speculation for the past year, and can be likened in its length, and curious disclosures, to nothing else but the ramifications of a Welch pedigree or Homer's catalogue of ships. An interesting biography or book upon bubbles might be wrought out in the hands of a judicious selector. It is, moreover, a mirror of this memorable period of national halluci- nation when every bubble was invested with a value, as the true offspring of the joint-stock genius of England, by the then reigning epidemic of speculative cupidity and caprice. In the return every scheme is impaled as nicely as ephemera in the folios of a naturalist. Each scheme is accurately named and numbered, so that all whom it concerns may take notice and see how the multiplied schemes that came out starred with premiums have given up the ghost of 2 a moonshine existence, and found a place in the catalogue of all defunct things. The list consists of 53 pages, and contains the titles and specifications of 1620 schemes, the offspring of 1845, the majority being for railways, water companies, banks, insurances, mines, and an immensity of other joint-stock corporations. The year opened with a mere handful, but as the days i rolled on and the fever became fiercer, they doubled, trebled, and quadrupled in quantity, until, in September, October, and November, they came thickly on, at the rate of from 100 to 300 and 500 a month, and an ave rage in September-the most prolific of months of from 16 to 46 each day, or 457 in the ' month, as will be seen by the following and I lysis of the return. In December, when the panic rang the tocsin' of alarm, and the excitement was gradually subsiding, the climacteric was 31. The following shows the number of projects registered each month, with the Aggregate totals for the same j Number registered. Total. In January ........ 16. 16 February. 30 . 46 March. 25 73 , April 22 126 May. 31 218 June. 20 309 July. 91 . 404 August 175 . 573 September 457 1035 October . 363 . 1401 November . 86 .... 1488 December 31 1520 Total schemes registered from January 5 to December . 1620 The period, it is well known, gave rise to the most whimsical and Quixotic schemings ; thus I we find in the enumeration, a " Biographical Dictionary Company:" a South London Newspaper Company ;" "The People's Colliery Company ;" " Fire and Life Assurance Gazette j Joint Stock Company ;" «. General Oceanic , Telegraph Company ;" " New, Protecting Society :" a Defender Society;" " Great British'' I Advertising Company," .. Lancashire One j Hundred Pounds Money Company," So. The amount of all fees paid at the head office in London for the registration of joint stock com I pames (pursuant to Act 7th and 8th Victoria, I c. 110), during 1845, was £9857 19s. 9d. and { of those paid at the branch office in Dublin during the same year, £505 0s. 9d., making a j total of £10,363 0s. 6d. It may be remarked that the fee is levied at the rate of 1s. for every £1000 in the case of provisionally registered companies and 6d. for every £11 in the case of companies registered as existing. No change , has been made in the scales of fees returned for the former years and there has been no , prosecution under this act for offences not i hereinbefore specified, during 1845. One joint stock company has become bankrupt, ! namely, the Forth Marine Insurance Company, a the date of the flat being the 2nd of July, 1845 ; but the amount of debts and assets has ! not yet been ascertained. j THE HOBHON E.MIGUATION.-The Mormons I of Nauvoo are fairly en route for California. They have all left their old residence, and at the last accounts were just crossing the head waters of the Charlton river, about one hundred and fifty miles west of Nauvoo. A Loco Loco paper has been established at Nauvoo since their departure, and contains some very interesting items of intelligence concerning the progress of the expedition, and the general prospects of the country. It states, on the authority of a letter from a gentleman travelling with the company, that everything has gone on, well, that the party is in good health, and the grand caravan moved slowly, but peacefully. Their progress has been materially retarded by the want of fodder for their live stock; the grass not having fairly started, reduced them to the necessity of labouring for the farmers on the route, to supply the deficiency. They travel in detached companies, from fire votes miles apart, and, in point of order, resemble a military expedition. The editor of the Hancock Eagle, the paper referred to, says that he visited the camp before it broke up ' It was in the vigorous weather of February, and the tents were blockaded by snowdrifts; yet the scene seemed cheerful and animated. From appearances he thought it certain that they would suffer most severely before reaching their destination. It was the intention of at least some of the companies to halt in the valley of the Sweetwater River, and put in a crop for the subsistence of themselves and others who may follow. Numbers were on their way from the eastern states to join the expedition. The same paper says, that in the whole town of Nauvoo it would be impossible to purchase a drop of ardent spirits ! No drinking, gambling, or any similar vice had ever been introduced there, though, as a new class of emigrants was pouring in to take the place of the Mormons, it seemed altogether probable that they would bring with them the accompani- ments of " civilisation." The Temple was for sale, and a wealthy bachelor gentleman from the south had arrived, with the intention of purchasing it. His object, it is said, is to convert the Temple into an asylum for destitute widows and orphans, and to purchase lands and town lots, and endow it out of the rents of the same. The Eagle contains the following paragraph concerning a prospective improvement in Nauvoo c-The agent of an eastern company has Arrived here for the purpose of selecting a site for the erection of manufactories. By throwing out a wing dam into the Mississippi, and cutting a short canal, water power can be obtained here sufficient to drive all the machinery in the state. A fall of two and a half to three feet can be had, with an inexhaustible supply of water at all seasons. The Mormons had a project on foot to accomplish this, through the aid of an English company, and if they had not been molested would have commenced operations this spring. A fund of £150,000 sterling had been already subscribed, which was to have been expended in the erection of factories, the purchase of farms in the vicinity, and in bridging the Mississippi. We are informed by an engineer, who has examined the locality, that there is not a spot on the river that will bear a favourable comparison with Nauvoo, in point of eligibility for the establish- ing of a great manufacturing interest. The idea is not chimerical, that this city will, in time, become the Lowell of the West."-jvsw York Courier and Enquirer. SVASTB or WATER Pows IN IRELAND The water power of the Shannon available for manufacturing purposes between Limerick and Lough Allen, amounts to 38.000 horse-power actually going for nothing, while tens of thousands of tons of coals are burned in England and Scotland, producing a similar agency ; indeed, in either of those countries such a power would be of incalculable value. At Greenock we recollect a water-wheel-the chief tion of the place, which the tourists pay sixpence to Bee, turned by a small stream brought no less . than six miles across the country supplying a power equal to thirty steam engines of fifty horse power ! Yet even this Mr. Scot Rus sell assures us is obtained from an artificial lake created in a place where formerly there were only slender mountain rivulets. The in ternal economy of the mills differs in nothing from those of Glasgow where steam is used. Yet, according to the best authorities, what is the difference ? Each horse-power with the water-wheel costs £5 6s. 5d., each horse power with steam, £36, annually, leaving the enormous proportion of 3d in favour of water power. Then, in Lancashire, every available rivulet is also caught hold of, and the little current which passes by Bolton and Manchester, Dr. Kane somewhat quaintly Styles " the hardest worked stream probably in the world." We have witnessed the giant wonders performed by these rival powers in this particular locality also, and the economy of water power is quite amazing. In the little river before mentioned, for instance, in a fall of 500 feet, not less than SOO are appropriated to the use of mills. Now, the Shannon (whose total basin amounts to the prodigious area of 4544 square miles) falls 147 feet from Lough Aliento Limerick, the last fifteen miles from Killaloe, presenting a difference of level of not less than 97 feet ! From returns of the most accurate kind made by the commissioners, the total continuous power above Killaloe, calculated from the catchment basin, is 4717 horse power, that from Killaloe to Limerick, something above 850 horse power for every foot of fall, making for 97 feet the immense force of 33,950 horse power, these added together giving a force in uninterrupted action, day and night, at every moment of the year, of 38,667 horse power ! Yet, with the exception of a few corn mills along the tract of the river, this invalu- able force continued day after day, going to to waste, presenting a singular contrast to the other rivers we have mentioned, or even to the unpretending little Harm, amongst the Mourne mountains in the county of Down-the most beautifully economised river in Ireland. Dublin University Magazine for April, THE RATIONALE OF SYNCOPE. Syncope is occasioned by insufficient vascular pressure on the brain, and not from the inadequate quantity of blood supplied to the brain and its vessels, as is commonly supposed. In the most simple form of syncope, that which arises from a strong moral emotion in a previously healthy person, we see the single effect of want of due vascular pressure on the brain. In such case the quantity and quality of the blood in the person's body are unaltered previous to the syncope, and the suspension of the cerebral functions arises solely from the diminished energy of the heart. The blood is no longer propelled with sufficient force from the left ventricle to maintain an adequate pressure on the cerebral substance. If such a person happen to be in the erect posture, the syncope is more rapid and complete ; because the enfeebled muscular tissue of the heart is unable to sustain the arterial current of blood against the force of gravity, and preserve the proper degree of pressure on the brain. Let such a fainting person be placed in the horizontal posture, and, as is well known, consciousness quickly returns. But why? Because the enfeebled heart is equal to maintain the arterial current of blood in that favourable posture, and with it the requisite amount of vascular pressure on the brain. The same phenomena occur in syncope, produced by hemorrhage, although in this case it is not so easy to show that the suspension of the cerebral functions is occasioned solely by want of vascular pressure on its substance. It has been forcibly pointed out by Dr. Marshall Hall, that blessing in the erect posture is the best method of ascertaining the power of the system to sustain the loss of blood, and of the propriety of bleeding as a remedial agent. It is a matter of daily experience, that a small amount of blood taken from a person in the erect posture will cause syncope ; whereas double the amount of blood might have been taken from that person in the horizontal posture without producing a similar result. Hence the posture of the individual, and not the amount of blood abstracted, is the more efficient cause of the syncope. The effects of the erect posture in modifying the influence of the heart on the brain, I have just described. In extreme state of debility, from whatever cause produced, the mere sudden assumption of the erect posture is often adequate to induce an alarming and sometimes fatal syncope In this posture the feeble heart is unable to project the blood against the force of gravity in the carotid and vertebral arteries, and the brain is suddenly deprived of the vascular pressure \- essential to the continuance of its functions. The influence of this cause of death was not infrequently seen in our cholera hospitals, when that disease prevailed epidemically. Patients who were in states of collapse, but still in the enjoyment of the seasonal functions while reclining upon assuming the erect posture, died almost instantaneously. QUEEN VICTORIA'S EMPIRE The Queen of England is now sovereign over one continent, a hundred peninsulas, five hundred promon- tories, a thousand lakes, two thousand rivers, and ten thousand islands. She waves her hand, and 600,000 warriors march to battle to conquer or to die. She bends her head and at the signals thousand ships of war, and a r hundred thousand sailors, perform her bidding on the ocean. Come, all ye conquerors ! and kneel before the Queen of England, and acknowledge the superior extent of her dependent provinces, her subjugated kingdoms, and her vanquished empires. The Assyrian empire was not so wealthy. The Roman empire was not so populous. The Persian empire was not a 30 extensive. The Arabian empire was not so powerful. The Carthaginian empire was not so much to be dreaded. The Spanish empire was not so widely diffused. We have over- run a greater extent of country than Attila, that scourge of God, ever ruled ! We have subdued more empires and dethroned more kings than Alexander of Macedon ! We have a conquered more nations than Napoleon in the plenitude of his power ever subdued! We have acquired a larger extent of territory than Tamerlane, the Tartar, ever spurred his horse's hoof across." Finch, Boundaries of I Empires. A BuisE Pares. There is a good anecdote told about the little town of Portland, Indiana U S. While a certain steam-boat was about putting out from there recently, for New | Orleans, ths mate, an old boatman turned to some passengers, and remarked : " This little town gentlemen, looks dull, but I can tell you ! it is perhaps a mighty brisk place. About fifteen years ago, as I was going down with a flat boat to New Orleans, we stopped here to I procure some provisions. I went up into the town, and seeing a coat hang out of a shop j door just took it. The owner came after me ' caught me-took me before a magistrate I was tried-convicted-took thirty-nine lashes and was back to the boat in fifteen minutes-I'll smear ! I tell you, gentlemen, a mighty brisk little place is that same Portland." The first stage-coach from Edinburgh to Glasgow was established by contract between the Glasgow Magistrates and William Hume, a merchant of Edinburgh, in the year 1878. He was to have " in readiness and sufficient strong coach, to run betwixt Edinbro' and Glasgow to run by sax able horses to leave Edinbro' ilk Monday, and return again (God willing) ilk Saturday night. The burgesses of Glasgow always to have a preference to the coach." Probably at this time the passengers weekly to and from Glasgow per coach would number about twenty- four. In one day alone (Thurs- day last the passengers by the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway numbered 2000. - Edin- . burgh Post. ; 