EXPOSITORY REMARKS ON JOHN I. 1—41. In the beginning was the Word, and the word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All thing were made by him ; and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life ; and the life was the right of men. And the light shineth in darkness ; and the darkness comprehended it not. There was a man from God, whose name was John. The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light. That was the true light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world. He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. He came unto his own, and his own received him not. But as many as received him, to them gave power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name : which were born, nor of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among (and we be- held his glory, the glory as of the only begot- ten of the father,) full of grace and truth. All the writings of the Apostle John were composed toward, the close of his unusually long life. The three epistles are believed to have been written about A.D. 90, and the beautiful writing, of which we have transcribed the com- mencement, about A.D. 97. The Lord Jesus had now been removed from among men above sixty years : two generations of mankind had appeared upon earth's surface, and most of them had gone the way of all flesh. Very few of those who had seen the Lord survived, when the venerable "Apostle whom Jesus loved" came forth with his tender, yet solemn message to rebuke the errors of the de- ceiver, and encourage the hearts of the fathful. By the time when John wrote, a very fearful heresy had appeared in the Church, a heresy which undermined the foundations of Gospel truth, and left no firm ground whereon to rest a sinner's hope. This heresy is spoken of by eccle- siastical historians, as the Gnostic heresy. The originator of it is supposed to have been Since the Sorcerer, the man who thought the Holy Ghost might be pur- chased for money, and who therefore re- ceived such a severe, but withal so inef- fectual a rebuke from the Apostle Peter.* Various other corrupter of the faith ap- peared in the first century, among whom Cerinthus may be regarded as the chief and worst. Without attempting anything like a critical account of the various forms of Gnosticism, we submit a brief sketch of its principal tenets, with the view of assisting our readers to a right understanding of the writings of the be- loved Apostle of Jesus, more especially of the introduction to his Gospel. It was maintained by Cerinthus and his followers that the Supreme God was altogether unknown before the appearance of Christ, and dwell in solitary quiescence, far away from all the activities of the universe, in a remote Heaven, which they called Pleroma (Fullness). This Su- preme God, it was said, begat an ONLY BEGOTTEN SON, who again begat the WORD, who consequently was different from, and inferior to, both the Supreme God, and the First-born. Christ was a still lower being, though superior to some others. They had further two ex- alted beings, attendants on God and emanations from Him which they called Light and Life. All the beings above enu- merated they called Æons, and the whole of them, dwell with God in the Pleboma. From these Æons, or first series of beings they made to proceed inferior orders or classes of spirits, one of which was the Creator of the World ( Demiourgus). He formed the World out of matter, which according to them existed from all ster- nity, independently of the Supreme God. This Demiourgos they said was totally ig- norant of the Supreme, and much lower [?] to teach that the Ma[?] was the God of the Israelites, and that [?] him Moses was sent, whose laws were [?] to be of perpetual obligation. They said Jesus was nothing more than a man, a holy man no doubt, but merely the son of Joseph and Mary. The Æon Christ descended on Jesus at his baptism, re- vealed to him the Unknown Father, and enabled him to work miracles : the being Light entered into John the Baptist in like manner : and as the " Light ' was in their system superior to Christ, John was consequently superior to Jesus. Jesus, after his union with Christ, opposed him- self to the God of the Jews, who was the Maker of the World, but being unsuccess- ful, was crucified ; Christ leaving the man Jesus to die an ignominious death. It was consequently a mere man that suf- fered on the cross. It may seem incredible that such a jum- ble of absurdities could ever have pro- ceeded from the human mind, foolish and perverse as it is. Yet before the death of St. John, before the end of the first century, this monstrous system was widely taught (slightly modified by dif- ferent heresiarchs) and had a considerable number of adherents. There are marked allusions to it in John' first Epistle ; and the passage more immediately under consideration, seems to have been written for the express purpose of furnishing an antidote against it. As we cannot exa- mine minutely every verse, and every ex- pression in this important passage of the inspired word, we would notice— 1\. The information here given us res- pecting the person of Jesus Christ. 2\. The description of his offices fur- nished by the names given to him. In reference to the first topic, we are here distinctly taught the Deity of the Saviour, his eternity, his being the Crea- tor of the World, and his incarnation. " In the beginning was the word." This solemn and authoritative statement is at once subversive of the Corinthian notion, that the Word was the third of a series of beings, proceeding from the Su- preme, and distant from him. In the be- ginning, the Word existed. Before time began to roll, he was. The expression is al- gether inconsistant with anything short of eternity. In the beginning was the Word. If he was " In the beginning," he must have existed before God created the heavens and the earth, as recorded in Gen. i. 1. At the period when they were not. He was. He existed when their existence was deceed by God, and pro- duced by His creative energy. This, how- ever, is more conclusively declared in what follows — " All things were made by Him and without Him was not any- thing made that was made." Then, the Word was the Creator, and since all things were made him, he must have ex- isted before the things which he made, i.e. before all things. He must, in short, have been eternal. " The Word was with God." Here is a solemn contradiction by the inspired writer, of the heretical notion, that the Supreme God was separated to a great distance from all the beings. He had sent forth. The Word was with Him in a state of the closest possible union, and yet a distinct person, But though dis- tinct, he was not inferior, for we are im- mediately told, " The Word was God." Thus the first verse clearly teaches us that the Word was eternal, was with God, was actually and truly God ; whilst the third verse as clearly reveals Him as the Creator, by whom all things were made, without whom wat not anything made that was made. Great indeed is the mystery of godli-- ness. Un fathomable are the depths of the divine nature. Let not us whose powers are so limited, whose intellects are so puny, attempt to sound that which is of necessity infinite, and must baffle the faculties of every created being. But we have the fullest evidence that the Word was eternal, was the Creator of all thing, was God ; and if so, though we had an other evidence we might with certainly infer that He is omnipotent, unchangeable, holy and just faithiful and true. The same was in the beginning with God. He was co-eternal with the Father, the Father's equal ; or as St. Paul ex- presses it, ' Being in the form of God, he thought it no robbery to be equal with God." " He was the brightness of the Father's glory, and the express image at his person." To the same effect in his own testimony in the Book of Proverbs, "Jehovah possessed me in the beginning of his way ; before his works of old. I was set up from everlasting, from the begin- ning, or ever the earth was. When there were no depths, I was brought forth : when there were no fountains abounding with water. Before the mountains were settled ; before the hills, was 1 brought forth. While as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world. When he pre- pared the heavens I was there : when he set a compass upon the face of the depth. When he established the clouds above ; when he strengthened the fountains of the deep ; when he gave to the sea his de- cree, that the water should not pass his commandment ; when he appointed the foundations of the earth ; then I was by him, as one brought up with him ; and I was daily his delight rejoicing always be- fore him." All things were made by Him, and without Him was not anything made that was made. By the eternal Word, all things were created . He said, let there be light, and light was. He was of the council that said [?]us make man, in our image, after our likeness. The creator of the world, and [?] therefore, was no [?]m the wom[?] us as out [?] verse 14th, [?] and dwelt amongst us," human being ; and as one of [?] God's law in our stead, and pure [?] as the reward due to perfect [?] He was made a curse for us, being punished in our stead, bearing all our sins on his own body. Since he is God, we may be sure he has done for us all that was necessary ; we may be assured it is perfectly safe to put our whole trust in him. II. We come now in the second place, to notice the information as to our Lord's offices supplied by the name here given to Him- " In Him, i.e. in the Word, was life, and the life was the light of men." " He was the true light which lighteth every man that cometh into the world." In these brief authoritative statements, the inspired writer at once sets aside the heretical dogma of a life, and a light and a Creator of the world, different from the Word, or inferior to him. The Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was the only begotten of the Father, the same that is spoken of in Psalm lxxxix. 27, " I will make him my first born, higher than the kings of the earth." And this Word, this only begotten of the Father (ver. 14) was life, was light, was the Creator of the world, was God. That the Word was none other than Jesus Christ, appears from ver. 14. The Word was made flesh, .i.e. became a human being, and dwelt among us, full of grace and truth. John bare witness of him, and cried saying, " This was he of whom I spake, he that cometh after me is pre- ferred before me : for he was before me. This was the Baptist's witness to Christ Jesus, whose superiority he acknowledged and to whose pre-existence he bore testi- mony. But it is quite unnecessary to lead proof that the passage under considera- tion relates to Christ Jesus. Its refer- ence to him, and to him only, is palpable and obvious. All the names by which Jesus is here called, indicate the offices he discharged towards us, and the benefits he confers on us. The name Word teaches that He is the revealer to us of the divine purposes, the medium, as it were, by which is made kown to us, the will of God for our sal- vation. He is the Mediator between God and man, not only as man's advocate with the Father, but as God's viceregent unto us. He speaks to us authoritatively, de- clares to us what wrought to be and how we may obtain the pardon of our sins, and everlasting life. He is the fountain of all spiritual knowledge and wisdom, for " in him are hid all the treasures of wis- dom and knowledge." He makes known to his people, the mystery of his will, ac- cording to the good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself. Hence he is called the Word. By Him worlds were spoken into being ; " the worlds were framed by the word of God," so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. By him the law was given to the Children of Israel, by him the promises were made to Abraham, and by him the gospel was brought into men in all its freeness and fullness and glory. In him, we are further told, was life ; and the life was the light of men. — He possessed life in himself. Being uncreated and underived, he received not his life from any. But he bestows life on all. By him, Adam was created in the image of God. By him the transgressor's life was spared when it had been forfeited ; prolonged for a season, when he de- served its immediate extinction. And he is specially the life of those who believe in him, as he hath purchased for them eternal life, and as he quickens the soul that is naturally dead in trespasses and sins. " As many as received him , to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name." " The life was the light of men." The eternal Word is men's Light and Life." ' I am the light of the world, said he ; " he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life " " The life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and shew unto you that eternal life, which was with the Fatherland, and was manifested unto us." Without Christ, man is dark and ignorant, walking in an obscure way, and not knowing at what he stumbles. His understanding is darkened. He is alien- ated from the life of God by the wicked- ness that is in him ; he loves the darkness father than light, because his deeds are evil. But when Christ visits the sinner, he causes, the day to dawn, and the day- star to arise in his heart. He reveals the glory of God, and he works a change in his feelings and condition and prospects, as great as that produced by the sun rising in his strength, and scattering the shadows and gloom of night. He makes certainty succeed to doubt, joy to sorrow, and hope to fear ; and the soul that was sometime darkness is now light in the Lord. Christ is a true light. In him is no darkness at all. From him has proceeded whatever of light and wisdom exists among men, There is a spirit in man, and the inspira- tion of the Almighty hath given him un- derstanding, when man was created, he bore the image of God. He was like his Maker in knowledge, righteousness and true holiness, [?] ever wisdom may now remain. in [?] of fallen man, whatever perception of truth, whatever capability of progress ; whatever there may be in man that makes him wiser than the [?]or than the beasts of the field, whatever is short constitutes him a to open [?] prisoner [?[ sat in da [?] prison house. And whatever [?] distinguishes the children of God from the children of the wicked one ; whatever of knowledge, or comfort, or hope they have, to which the world are strangers, they owe all to that Lord who is their everlasting light, to that God who is their glory ; to Him who it at once the Word of God to the Church, her life, her light, her Creator, her Re- deemer, in one word her All. Such are a few of the more prominent truths taught in this remarkable portion of Scripture. We have treated it chiefly with reference to those dreadful errors, which it was written specialty to oppose. There are many single sentences worthy of separate considering, but we can at present attempt nothing of that kind. We have however been enabled to adduce the most irresistible evidence of the Deity of the Lord Jesus. On this fundamental truth, all our hopes as sinners, must be rested. Jesus Christ is the Word of God, — God. He is the only begotten of the Father, the fellow or equal of the Lord or Hosts.* He made all things, He is therefore omnipotent, all wise and all true, lie is also man. The Word was made flesh ; and dwelt among us, full of grace and truth. He became one of us, and spent among us a life of incessants kindness, going about doing good. He was in all things like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful High Priest. He was in all respects like us, except that he was without sin. It had been said by the heretics that John the Baptist was the Light, and su- perior to Jesus. But John was only sent to bear witness of the Light, and he testi- fied that Jesus was preferred before him, for he existed before him. The incarnate God is the true light of the world, and they who follow him, shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life. To his own believing people, however humble, and however unworthy, he gives the right of becoming Children of God. Those who were children ut wrath he transforms into heirs of glury. He raises them from the condition of condemned rebels, to that of beloved sons. The mo- ment they receive Him and trust in him, they are delivered from condemnation, they are accepted in the Beloved. How precious is the instruction which this passage conveys ! We have a Sa- viour, who the mighty God. Then he may safely be trusted. Were our Saviour a mere creature, we might hesitate to con- fide in him, we might doubt whether we are safe in his hands. Were he the highest seraph we might well have mis- giving as to his ability to save us, for there is reason to believe that Satan the enemy of souls, once occupied the place next the throne of God, and was the most potent of created intelligences. But the Lord in his love has clothed the whole of this subject in living light. Our Re- deemer is the Creator of all the ends of the earth. Without him was not any- thing made that was made. Before him the crooked serpent and all his brood must quail and confess themselves vanquished. At the name of Jesus every knee shall bow, of beings in heaven, and beings on earth, and beings under the earth. The believer therefore it safe from all danger. He has a sure defence against every foe. Omnipotence is on his side, unchanging truth is pledged on his behalf ; everlasting love is exercised for promoting his best interests and during his eternal happi- ness. Reader, hast thou any any experimental acquaintance with this Saviour and his salvation ? Hast thou received that new life which he bestows? Has thine heart been gladdened by that blessed light which he imparts ? Hast thou been translated from the kingdom of darkness ? Hast thou, believing on Christ's name, received power to become a child of God? or art thou still a child of wrath, and a slave of sin? These are questions each one should ask : and we should think well what answer we are to give them. If we believe in Christ's name, we shall be saved. If we receive him heartily and truly, we shall be received as the children of God, and if children, then heirs, heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ. Who- soever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved. Him that cometh unto Jesus he will in no wise cast out. *Zech. XIII. 7. 