DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. CORONER'S INQUEST.— On Thursday last, an inquest was held at the Travellers Rest, Collingwood, on the body of a child aged three years, named Emma Hart, who met her death the previous day, under the fol- lowing circumstances:—It seemed the de- ceased was on a dray on the Plenty road, with her mother, who was suckling a child, when a sudden jerk, occasioned by the dray going into a rut, threw her off, when the wheel passed over her body. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally killed" and levied a deodand of sixpence on the dray. NEW AUCTION MART.— Mr. J. W. Bell. holds his first sale by auction in his new and spacious mart this morning. The auction room is tastefully completed, and is another ornament to the Town. COURT OF REQUESTS.— We beg to remind our readers, that Saturday next is the last day for filing plaints for the July sittings of the Court of Requests; and that the 2nd proximo is the last day for entering defences. BURGLARY PREVENTED. — About twelve o'clock, on Tuesday night, Mr. Patrick McDonough, the painter, who resides in Bourke-street, was awoke by some person attempting to break into his house; with great presence of mind he arose, and crept out of a small window into his yard, where he discovered a man in the act of forcing the back door, who, upon seeing Mr, McDonough, leaped the fence and en- deavoured to escape ; fortunately his pur- suer gave the alarm, and Sergeant O'Connor coming up, the ruffian was, with great difficulty, captured ; and who turned out to be a ticket-of-leave holder, named John Scott. On the following morning he was taken before Alderman Condell, when it transpired, that he was in the employ of the Local Government at Short- land's Bluff, and had come to Melbourne to apply for his conditional pardon under the new convict regulations. The bench sentenced him to be imprisoned for six months. SALE OF OCCUPATION LICENSES. — We beg to remind our country friends that the sale by Auction of Occupation Licensee, takes place at the Auction Mart of Mr. G.S. Brodie, at eleven o'clock. THE NOMINATION. — Monday next, it twelve o'clock, is appointed by the Re- turning Officer for the district, for the electors to put in nomination a candidate or candidates, to fill up the vacant seat in the Legislative Council, occasioned by the resignation of Mr Edward Curr. At present there is no other Candidate in the field but Mr. Foster, who, in all probability, will be returned without opposition. The nomina- tion takes place in front of the Supreme Court House. STEALING A TILL.— Yesterday a petty larceny rascal named Edward Taylor, was committed to take his trial for stealing a till from the bar of Mr. Dodds, of the Parsonstown Hotel, the previous night, which contained a dollar and a sixpenny piece. THE NEW COUNCIL—On Thursday last the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Peters Church, on the Eastern Hill, took place, in the presence of about two hundred persons, amongst whom we observed his Honor the Superintendent, his Worship the Mayor, Sheriff, Major St. John, James Simpson, Esq., besides many ladies of the first respectability, for whom seats had been provided. The Revds. Messrs Thompson and Collins, occupied a position immediately contiguous to the foundation stone, which was raised at the north east corner of the proposed building- The ceremony commenced, the clergyman, of the Parish the Rev. Mr Thomson, and the people, repeating by alternative verses the 132nd psalm. The Rev. Mr. Collins, of Geelong, then read the lesson of the morning, the 55th chapter of Isaiah; after which, the Rev. Mr. Thompson read, in a solemn and impressive manner, the 3rd chapter of St Paul's Epistle to the Corin- thians. The stone was then lowered, and placed and fixed by his Honor the Super- intendent ; who, striking it with the masons mallet thrice, said— In the name of God, the father, Son, and Holy Ghost I lay this Foundation Stone of a Church to the Praise and Glory of his name. The cler- gyman of the Parish then added— This Stone is laid as the foundation and corner stone of a Church, to be built in this place ; to be named Peter's; and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic Faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The glorious Majesty of the Lord our God be upon us ; prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us ; O prosper thou our handy work; for the sake of the same Jesus Christ. Amen The children of the St. James's School then sang the 1st, 2nd, 4th and 6th verses of the 84th Psalm. Several prayers having been read, the Rev. Mr. Thomson delivered a most eloquent address to the auditory, impressing upon them the necessity of sub- scribing towards the completion of the building, Mr, Lsing then read a copy from the inscription, which had been de posited with several coins under the stone. The Rev. Mr. Collins having addressd ths assemblage, a collection was made, and the sum of £6 8s. having been collected, the ceremony concluded. SERIOUS LOSS— On Thursday evening Mr Forster, of Geelong, lost his pocket book coming from Raleigh's Wharf, con- taining £380 in bank notes besides cheques, and though a reward of £25 has been of- fered for their restoration, the property has not been restored. We hope as some of the numbers of the notes are known, that some clue will be obtained for their recovery. FINE STOCK - Mr Tilly, a passenger by the "Eleanor Lancaster," has imported to this province, the powerful through-bred entire horse, Royal William. This animal is said to excel in bone and beauty, any horse imported into the Colony, Royal William comes from come well-known English stock, his dam being the celebrated Princes Royal, and his sire Royal Pah. This fine animal will tend materially to improve the breed of horses in the district. Mr Tilly has also imported a choice lot of pigs. ILLUSTRATIONS OF SHAKESPEARE.— Mr. Opie, the artist, has just completed nine il- lustrations of Shakespeare, consisting of group- ings from that divine author's most celebra- ted works. These groupings, which have been painted from the "original text," pre- sent a most remarkable contrast from the style in which Shaksperian characters are dressed upon the colonial stage. We under- stand that the artist has been preparing them for the bar of the Shakespeare Family Hotel, formerly the old Club House, which will be opened on the 1st prox., when these illus- trations of the immortal bard can be viewed, and the tact and taste of the artist admired. As the novelty of these illustration is so great, we shall describe them more freely in a future number. The groupings are from the " Tempest'' "Romeo and Juliet," "Merchant of Venice," As you like it," " Othello," " Macbeth," "Hamlet" the 2nd part " King Henry the IV," and ''Richard the III." THE BATTLE OF WATERLOO. — Thursday last was the anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo. Several old veterans wore the badge of honor to commemorate that great national event. THE THEATRE — The benefit of Mr. Cop- pin was better attended then perhaps any night since the theatre has been opened. Mr. Coppin is certainly distinguished comic actor, and richly deterred this mark of favor. The pieces, particularly the School for Scan- dal were well played, and the dancing was exquisite, better than any ever exhibited on the boards here. [Mr. Coppin's engagement does not terminate till this evening, when he will appear, and then he leaves for Adelaide.] THE LEICHARDT TESTIMONIAL,—A meet- ing of the Melbourne Committee for the above testimonial took place yesterday, at the Royal Hotel, when it was announced that the subscriptions already amounted to £112 9s. 9d, Several of the Committee in the country not having sent in their report, the time for collecting was ex- tended one month. PICKING UP A FLAT.— A publican re- siding on the Eastern Hill, is summoned to appear before the Licensing Justices this morning, for alleged extortion. Should the circumstance be proved as stated, we trust that the Bench will make an example of this party, and deprive him of his li- cense. ST. PATRICK'S SOCIETY. — During the past week the St. Patrick's Society have experienced a serious loss, by the resigna- tion of the Vice President, Mr. Councillor Stephen, and the Secretary, Mr. E. Finn. The resignation of these gentlemen must be deeply deplored, from their efficiency in the respective offices they held in the above interesting Society :— Some difficulty will be found in obtaining proper substi- tutes. We learn that the only reason which induced these gentlemen to resign was, that their private avocations precluded them, of late, from devoting as much time as was necessary to the business of the Society. THEATRICAL ON DIT—On Monday even- ing, a Mrs Griffiiths, from the Glasgow Theatre, makes her first appearance at the "Queens." From public rumour, we learn that this lady possesses talent of a very high order. Should such be the case, she will prove most valuable auxiliary to the "corps dramatique." IMPORTANT SALE OF MERCHANDISE— We beg to call the attention of the trade to Mr Easey's extensive sale of valuable merchandise at the stores of Messrs Dun- lop, Macnab & Co, on Tuesday next. THE POLICE.— Two men named Halli- day and Jones, have been, appointed by the Mayer to fill up the vacancies in the police. The former is an old Waterloo veteran and unexceptionable, but the app- ointment of the latter has caused consid- derable discussion and correspondence be- tween the warden of the County of Bourke the Mayor Superintendent, on account of his being an expiree from Van Diemen's Land. We are certainly of opinion that the appointment was a very injudicious one particularly as there are so many free emigrants in the town. ASSAULT WITH INTENT TO STAB— Yes- terday, a notorious character named John Carfrae, was committed to take his trial for assaulting Constable Glynn, the pre- vious night, and stabbing him with a knife, whist attempting to convey him to the watchhouse. MULTUM IN PARVO — The congregation of St. Andrew, Scots' Church, have agreed to erect a Manse for their minister, Rev. Dr. McGarvie— Sir George Gipps is about to make his departure in the "Palestine ;" his heath is in a most precarious state.— The Cholera Morbus was raging to a fearful ex- tent in Madras —A supplement to Callig- hans Acts of Council has just been pub- lished, containing the new Act of Council, —A public dinner was lately given to Mr. Bradley M. C., at Goulburn; he is on the eve of returning to England.— A esingular case, was lately tried in England of a young lady named Smith, against the Earl Ferris, in which the most curious disclosures took place of the young lady writing letters to the Earl and writing replies herself, which he showed her parents. The Counsel for plaintiff re- quested to be nonsuited with was agreed to, and the letters impounded.— Mr. B. Boyd's address to the electors of Port Phillip had been received and favorably commented on by the Colonial Gazette. The last day of the civil term was a blank —the gentlemen of the Bar were without a single exception briefness, On Monday last, Robert Knox was fined 40s. for non-attendance as a juryman— Mr. Hay, a graduate of Kings College, Ab- erdeen, has been appointed master of the Port Phillip Academical Institution .— The Committee of the Mechanic's Institution have notified to the Town Council that an additional rent will be required for that por- tion of the Hall occupied by the corporations. Messrs. Coppin and Pittman have sold the schooner 'Apollo' to the Government for £$400,— On Saturday last a renewal of Mr. Afflecks slaughtering license was granted— a similar indulgence for the first time was grateful to Mr.T. Harley.— A Coroner's in- quest was held at the Star Garter on last Saturday evening, on the body of an in- fant named Davidson, who was found dead in its mother's-arms in bed that morning. The jury returned a verdict, died by the visita- tion of God. — The man Fitzgerald, charged with forgery, was on Saturday last again re manded until 10 day. — The aboriginal school, at the Merri Creek, will be completed in a few days — A seaman, named David Dibbs, was drowned in the Yarra on Sunday last, a coroner's jury returned a verdict of acci- dental death.— The Sydney Herald states that the 'Thistle' will make two trips to Launces- ton from this port prior to returning to Sydney. —Theophilus Dredge, Glass China Ware- house, Collins- street, Melbourne, has been declared insolvent. Assets, valuation of stock tn trade, personal property, &c;, £ 374 15s 11d; outstanding debts, bills, bonds, &c..; good, £835 11s 8d : ditto; bad, £66 3s 2d. Balance deficiency, £405 5s 5d. 