THE HISTORY OF ST. GILES AND ST. JAMES. ( Continued from our last.") " I hope we shall be in time to get a good place," said Kitty, to whom the history of young St. Giles seemed a very low and wicked business. I want to get in the front row, because I do want to see how that precious cretur. that dear angel, young master, likes ir. aweet fellow I They say he's so sen sible — shouldn't wonder if he knows every bit about it to-morrow. There never was such a child as that in the world." " What ! young St. James, eh ? Well, lie ought 10 be a nice little chap," acid Jem. " He's lived the lile of a flower; with nothing to do, but to let himself be nursed and coddled. He hasn't had nothing to iron the dimples out of him yet. Howsomever, I Uiall have u look at him to-night when 1 call the carriage." A few minutes' more elaped, and .then there was a general move towards the theatre. Miss Canary, having suffered a. promise to be tortured from her that . - she would visit Kitty at the West-end, left Short's Gardens to prepare her basket in, the gallery. Bright Jem, having heartily shaken C ccsar's hand — Ctpaar had remained silent, almost as night, duiing his visit, though he looked and smiled all kind ol grateful elo quence — deported on his customary duty ; and Kitty had then nothing to do, but to petsuade her sister to accompany her and Coosar to the house. " I Ml pay for you, Susan, so yuu needn't mind the expense," said Kilty. " Oh, it isn't thai," said Mrs Ani- eed, " not at all that, but—" " Well, then,, what can it be? Jem soys you ajay go if you like, and I cau see nothing to prevent you." No Kitty; you cannot 'see. Your eyes arc lost in your heart, and you <annot see a footman of most objec tionable blackness — a liuman blot — an ignominious stain that the prejudices of your sister, kind, cordial soul as she is, shrink from as from something danger ous to respectability. You, Kitty, cannot see this. You merely look upon Caesar Gum— the only creature ol all the ten thousand thousand men. who in your pilgrimage through life, hag ever proffered to you the helping x>f his arm, who has ever stammered, trembled? smiled at your look, and run like a hound at your voice— you merely' see in hint a goodness, a sympathy that you have yearned far ; and for the tint of the virtue you see it not : to you it may be either, black, red, or white. Certainly, so much has the Are of your heart absorbed the colour of your slave, that to you bljck Coesar Gum is fair as Ganymede. - Sweet magician love ! Mighty benevolence, Cupid, that takes away stains and blots — thai -gives the line of beauty to zig-zag, upturned noses — that smiles, a god of enchantment, in all eyes however green, blinking, or fish like — that gives a pouting pretriness even to a hare lip, bending it like love's .own bow ! Great juggler, Cupid, that from- his wings shakes precious dust , in mortal eyes; and lo ! they see nor blight, nor deformity, nor stain ; or see them turned to ornament ; even, as it is said, the pearl of an oyster is only so much oyster disease. PIuiu has been called a grand decorator. He can but guild ugliness passing off the thing for its brightness. But love—love can give to it the shape, and paint it with , tints ol his own mother. Plufus may, alter all, be only a maker of human pocket- pieces. He washes deformity with bright metal, and so puts it off' upon the near-sighted ; now love is an alchemist, and will, at least to the eyes and ears ol. some one, turn the coarsest lump of clay to one piece of human gold. And. it was love that, passing his rose- tipped, biby fingers along the lids ol Kitty Muggs, made her see white in black; it was love that, lo her vision, turned ebony to ivory. " Didn't you hear Jem say you might go?" again cried the unconscious Kitty. " Shall be most happy, assure you marm," said Ceesar, clasping his hands, and raising them enireatingly. "Take great care of you, uebber tear." " Well, I will go," said Mrs. Aniseed, Iter repugnance conquered by Caesar's good temper; and in n lew minutes— for Mrs. Aooiseed possessed, perhaps, that highest and most valuable ol all the lemale virtues, a virtue that Eve hersoll was certainly not bora with, she was a quick dresser — in a few minutes the three were on their road to Cuvent Gar den Theatre. A few minutes more, and they entered thegalleiy. All things por tended a happy evening, for they wete early enough far the front row; Mr. Coesar Guhi taking his joyful seat be tween the ladies. " Mina the bottle, dear," said Kitty in a low voice tn Coesar, who nodded ; his eyes sparkling " ap at the tender syllable. " Such a sweet drop ol Ma- deary fiom our house, Susan ; ha I ha I never mind, Jem." The gallery filled with holiday-makers and gallery wits. Miss Canary was soon hailed as an old acquaintance ; every possible dignity being thrown, I like roses, upon her. One apprentice brgged to enquire of her "When the Emperor ol Clianey was coming over to marry her?'' Another asked her, " What she'd take for her diamond ear-rings?" But beautiful was it to be hold the nun-like setenity of Miss Uanary. she moved among her scou>ts silent and stately, as the ghost of a de parted countess. " I mind 'em no more," she observed, as in the course of Iter vocation she approached Mrs. Aniseed, " no more than the heads ol so many door-knockers." Coesar mutely acquiesced in this wisdom ; and in an evil hour far him, turning a wrathful face upon the revilers, lie diverted all their sport Irom Miss Canary to himself. "Bill," ctied one, "it isn't going to thunder? It looks so very black." ' I wish I was a nigger," roared another, " then I'd be a black rose between a couple of lilies, too." Then other pretty terms, such as "snowball" "powder-puff," were hurled at Caesar, who sat and grinned in helpless anger at the green curtain. And then pour Mrs Aniseed I sire shifted on her seat, and felt as if that., terrible burning-glass which brings into a focus the rays of " the rays of ull the world" was upon her, and she was being gradually scorched to tinder. At length the tra gedy, " George Barnwell," began. Kitty was now melted by George, and now put in lever-heat by Millwood, of whom, leaning back to speak to Mrs. Aniseed, she confidently observed, "I'd have such creturs lore by wild ossess," To this Mrs. Aniseed, reciprocating the humanity, curtly replied, " And so would I." The second act passed, when Kitty exclaimed, in a spasm of delight, "There lie is; there's little master. Look at him; Susan — a sweet cretur," and Kitty pointed out a beautiful child, who, with its mother and father, had just entered the boxes. The child was superbly dressed, and when lie entered wore a while beaver hat, with a large plume of pink and white featheis. '-There lie is," again cried Kitty ; " we must drink his health." WhtreuttOn Ccesar pro duced the bottle, and the health of young St. James — lie all the while unconscious ol the honor — was drunk in Madeira Irom his paternal dwelling. The play proceeded, aud Kitty wept and sucked oranges — and wept, and snified salts, and fi ty times declared it was loo deep ; she'd never come again — and then sucked another orange — and then, when the play was over, said she was glad it was done, though she had never enjoyed herself hall so much. And then she said, " After all, I think a good cry sometimes does us good : it makes us remember we are human cre turs. But, oh, that Millwood, Susan. When women are bail — to be suteit'sso vety seldom I — I'm aliaid they beat the men." Every tear, however, shed by Kitty at the play, was recompensed by a roaring laugh at the iarce. And, at length, brimful ol happiness — all being over — the patty rose to go home. " Let's see 'em gel into the carriage — tliey needn't see us," said Kitty ; and hur riedly they quilted the gallery, and ran round (u the box-door. Bright Jem was in the very heat of action : Ins mouth musical with noblest names. Dukes, Matquesses, and Esrls fell from his lips, as he called carriage alter carriage. " Marquess ot si. j.tmes s carriage, at length lie cried with peculiar em phasis ; and a superb equipage rolled 10 the door. The Matquess and Mar chioness entered the vehicle, and a foot man, lifting in the child, in his awkwardness knorked off the boy's superb h it : it rolled along the stones, and — was gone. There ,was a sudden astonishment, and then a sudden cry' of " Stop thief I" Constables, and Coesar, who, with Mrs. Aniseed and Kitty, had been looking on, gave chase ; and in a few moments rein ned with the hat and the culprit, who, as it appeared, darting Irom under lite Itotse's legs to the pavement, had instantly caught up the property. . - " Here's the hat, my lord I" cried a constable, " and here's the little thief." , " Lord have mercy on us 1" cried Mrs. Aniseed, " if it isn't that wretched child." " I- know'd it. I always said it," cried Jem, almost broken-hearted. " I know'd he'd come to it — I know'd it." It was evep so. Young St. Giles was the robber of young St. James. \- , (chap. v. in our next.) 