Application for Free Pattaget for Children in conformity with the Government :t\otice of 26th May, 184b'. It ' 'V a ittnrriod Bounty Itiv migrant, by thn snip , In the your id -; mid itow .in ttke employ of ? ' 'V , nf j in this Colony, in the capacity of , do- heri'liy apply, in accordance with tho GoveriWiiSht ' Notion of tlio 20Ut of May, 104(1, for n )-ussh(;-), at tho public chargo, for each of my ohildien bulow nusoriluid, who, on lily 'migration to thi-t Colony, wuro left by- me. and still remain,^ under tho r.nro of ' * ? , resident in tho parish of ' tin tho county of cnaonr.WB; »aME,. ' *^T £ZZ%£L The undurnientioned persons § will bo able to answer inquiries mado under the autho rity of the Land and Emigration Commis sioners in England, respooting myself and my children. XAMB. ' CAI.lIkQ. ... BESIDEHOa. Signature of Applicant,' Date. ' ' ' * Ono vessol, the Thereta, hai-ins; besn de tained by accidental circunistauceaj sailed on' this date. \ Insert Christian and surriauie. \'. Tho words anil itill rernain are to be struak out in cases where tho children have been sub sequently transferred to the cdro of other per sons, and the names anil residences of such persons aro. to bo added after the names of tlio individuals in whoso care the children wore left 9 The names of at least two householders of repute will be required, und it is desirable that oho of tho persons referred to shoidd be a Magis trate or Clergyman. Police Office. — There were twenty- six cases on the lists yesterday. Of eight drunk- ards, four were discharged, and four were or- dered to pay a fine of 11s. or be sent to the cells for twelve hours. Mary Fitzsimmons, for stealing a gold ring, was committed for trial ; James BMiop, for assault, was ordered to pay a fine of 40s. and Gs 2(1. costs, or bo sent to gaol for a period of twenty, ono days | Thomas Clog horn, on suspicion of stealing a. coat, and Thomas Lovott, for absconding from hip intended ser vice, were both discharged j Thomas Clarke, ftir ass-ault, remanded till Monday next : John Slattery, on suspicion of ate -ling a boiler, Ellen Abbcrheld, for being drunk and assaulting a constable ; John M'Bride, for robbery. William Johnson, accessory to tile s;imo ; Mary A'' Germain, for malicinuslv destroying property j William Hayes; Joseph ftailuy, Thomas Young, nnd Lucy Bailey, for stealing Government paling, were all remundod till this day ; Thomas M'Gruth, fur asssult, wns ordered to pay u One of :20s. and 2. Od. costs, or bo confined in gaol for fourteon days ; and. Thomas Stcele, for an assault, ufino of 20s. and 4s. (3d. costB, or four teon days' confinement in gaol ; Charles Stewart, for a breach of tho Police Act postponed till Saturday next. City Council —The proceedings of this body at their two last meetings have not been very important. On the '2Dth instant, the first business was to grant a leave of absence for the day to Aldermen Holden and Wilshire, and one to Alderman Allen during the sitting of tho , Legislative Council Alderman Flood then call ed the attention of the Council to a portion uf u speech of Mr. Lowe's in the Legislative Coun cil, reflecting upon tho proceedings of thu Cor poration, with reference to thu provUion of a weighing machiuo fur the city; anil suggested that a deputation should wait upon Mr. Went- worth with a potition, requesting that- certain moneys extracted from tho pocket* uf the citizens by tho ti.ivornrauut, should be hamlet] over to the Corporation to be expended in city improve ments. The Mayor then invited members to accompany him to tho Lovuu to bu held oil the ?25th instant. Thu Ropm-t nf tho Water Crtuimit too, declaring the tender uf Mr. M'l.iren, for layiuj' du.vn luiia- inuli uipiug, to huvu been ac cepted, was brought up by Aldoriniu Alllen and received; us was tho report of tho Imp'ove inont Committee, with ruspeut tu the korbing and guttering of Cistloro.-i^ii and tio.ilburn streetf. In-. .u -lit up l.y Aliter.ii .n Flo id. Tin ?notion uf Mr. Tnurluw, taut n portion -if th- streets in tho ncighbuurlii-ad of Slra-vbi-rr_\ Hill should be eponej, w.h seconded by Mr. Hill and carried. .Mr. Tittnrtun thought the motion originated more in a oVsiro fur private utility th in fur any pni-liit buiic- frt. Mr. Fisliur culloil him to or.ler, but itt the sainu limn «li' c:l;in-d himself to lie of the samn opinion as the lint spoalcer. The Town Clerk read a letter c-- resignation of office frnm thu City Surveyor. A motion having been made ami secunde J, tliut tin* Council dft accept the revgnatiuu, it w^- moved by Mr. Thurlow as an amendment, scccudud nnd carried. ' That tho condcturution of the uc ceptai'iuu uf tlio resignation be nHjoiirnfd to the .jiext mncting Of Council.' The Council then ad journed to Tuesday, tho 2(5tli instant, on which d/iy they me , anil the following business was transacted. Tho Mayor suggested that some moinber should bring forward a motion request ing nis Exci'lloncy tho Guvurnor to give the Corporation tlio possession of ll.viio Park, in order th'it they might so repair and beautify it, as tu make it a pleasant pi, ice of healthful re sort for the citizens. The motion of* Mr. Cow lixhavv that the office of City-Surveyor be abo lished was lust on a division uf the liouv-; anil tho motion of Alderman Flood that a commit tee be appointed tu emiaider tlio sub)cct was carried. Tho H.'port uf the Lighting Commit tee having been brought up for adoption by Al dernmn llolilun, it was moved as an amendment, by Alderman Allnu, that so much of tho Report of the lighting Committee, dated Gth May, and recommending gas, be adopted, which having beon seconded, was carried. The Roftrt which had beon received at tho last meeting from the Water Committee, recommending tbe accept ance of Mr. M'baren's water piping, on tho potion of Alderman Allen; and seconded, that it bo ai'ceptodj was carried. A discussion then took place as to whether tho Report of Mr. Clarke upon tho work of kerbiuj? and guttoriug performed by Mr. Dingwall in Castlereagh and Goulbum-streots, should be read to the Council. Tbo members becoming rather warm and some what personal in their remarks, more especially towards the Mayor, his Worship took upon him self to adjourn tbo Council to next Monday, tho 1st June. Sydney Mechanics' School qf Arts. — A deputation from thu abovo Institution, com posed of Dr. Maufurlunc, Mr. Cowligliaw, Mr: U. I'.. Goudall, and Mr. S. V. Hill (Secretary), waited on his Excelloucy tho Governor yesterday nidruiug, to invite his Excellency's inspection of the apparatus, Ac , bolonging to tho Institution; also to solicit the honor of his Excellency '& attendance at one of the lectures. Wo regret exceedingly to hoar that his Excellency's health will not permit him to bravo tho night air ; so that it is doubtful whether he u-ill be able 10 honor this branch of this must useful Institution with hin presence again. His Excellency pur yosos inspecting tho apparatus, &c;, of thu nstitution in the early part of next week, and we have no hesitation in saying that ho will be highly gratified at its complete and extensive character. By ono of the Statements Mil before his Excellency, we are happy to find that. the number of inoiuhcrs has inurensed sinoli the 30th June last, no less than 17U; thu uuurbcr in -June last being 28I- and at tho pr-'sout moment -151. This is highly gratifying, and says much for the efficiency and usefulness of tlio Institution. Mr. Hamilton's Thiiid Lectuue. — The samo full attendance, and the same interest, wuro displayed ut Mr. Hamilton's lecture on Thursday evening, as on the two preceding oyenings; and owing tu tho interest felt in thuin, as well as to a number uf persons nut being able to attend, or if attending, not being able to get in, Mr. Hamilton will give a fourth lecture next Tuesday evening. The science, in its very nature, is pleasing, und at the sumo timu easy of com prehension. The instruction it conveys is that of man's soul, not of his body. It it, therefore, a science which, being truo (as wo believe it to be), ought to bo learnt by every man of sound mind ond moderate capacity. Whitsuntide, or the Feast of Peute oost, is compounded of the words' white rand Sunday, beunusb tho convorts nowly baptized appeared from Easter to Wliitsuntiilo in white. Tbb following lines in Googe's translation of Naogeorgus record one of tiio customs of the day : On Wliltnunilny,' wblto 'p'ltlvoiu iuuu Iu .wing, hum heuten fly,- ? ? - ? - . , ??...'?' . : ? And one ilmi framed is of Woud milt Itangtsth In the ?kie: , . Thou McWt huw they with id- Ih pla)- and (imcb the .ptwple loo ; ' Noun nthur wuy than liiulu i;yrle« wltli puppvla me to do, ,. Mr. Foahroeko remarks that this feast was colebrated in Spain with representation) of tho gift of tho Holy Ghost, and of thunder from en gines that did much damage. Water, oak leaves, burning torches; wafers, and cakes, wcro thrown down from the church rouf; pigeons and small birds witli vakes tied to their legs, were let loose ; and a long censor was swung up and down. Our Wliitann-ales were derived from the agapdi. or love-feasts, of the early Christians. For this purpose voluntary contri butions woro made) with which the churchwar dens purchased malt, bread, and a -]uuntity of ale, which they sold out in tho church or else where. Tho profits, as well as those derived from tho games of dancing, bowling, shooting at hutts, and tlib fool or justvr, there Going then no poor-rates, woro given to tho poor, wh j woro thus provided fur according to the. Christian rule, that all ftstivitioH should bo rendered inno cent by alma. Greenwich, its fair, and tho gam bols of its far-famed bill, koop the frolics of , Whitsuntide still fresh aud vivid in thu hearts of thu Londoners. ? Restoration Day 29tH of Ma^, is only here noticed as affording another proof how long holidays and observances may survive, after tho motives for their first institution have ceased io operate, or even when others of a dia mi'lriciilly opposite tendency have sprung up. We retain an annual (urrn of prayer to com memorate the restoration of a monarch, whose reign gavo him little title to tin- reject uf ji- fi terity, und whoso fmhilv -Vas expelled by an in sulted and indignant rlunplb; It is rbcordeel of Home pa^nn worthy who lind conferred atl im portant sorvico on his native totvnj and was de sired to name his own rewurd, that he requested thu anniversary of his death might for ever bo' observed as a holiday in tlu- schools. What ', other service Charles 11. ever conferred, we ' know not, biit our Englirh schoolboys are atj least indebted to that monarch for n sporting an niversary, - and rtlay therefore stand excused, as they never scrutinize too closely tho rationale of a holiday, for getting up at daybreak to gather duk-upplos, and even fur goltig to ihu expense nf gold leaf to bedizen them, beforo they' are stuck into their hats. ; ' - ' . ' The Wi'ATitER.— Ye'sterday morning thero was every appparanco of ruin, the heavens being clouded over; and tha atmosphere be; coining close nnd warm. About nine o'clock, a very geutlu showgr passed ovtir tho oily, wliiuh wiu full u wed by others, until about two in the afternoon, when abreeao from the westward onci- moro dispersed the tnntallzlng clouds. A man was brought before the Police Bench on Tuesday last, on a olinrgo of stealing broad from the cart of Mr. Nowbury, baker, during the temporary absence of-' tbo driver,9 and committed to tuko his trial. It is a singular . coincidence that the man b nume la Juhocent, * * Business v. Pleasure — During th* proceedings of the Li-gi-lativo Council, eg Tuesday, Captain O'Cunnell gave notice, tha. ho should move that the Council, at its ri nf , should adjourn till that day week, lie said ha'. thero were no doubt several honoruble mem en, who would wish to avail themselves of the f. rlh coinin;; amusements, andwhcneverplcosuru ? ould bo enjoyed without interference with businen, he saw no reason why its oall should not be re, spomk'd to. There was on the paper, for the following day, u very important motion to be considered, perhaps one of the most important that would be brought furward ibis Session, vi«, : — tho consideraiion of the (Jovernor's Message with Crown Lands Occupation and Border Poliuu Bill. No harm would ut- crue from the po^ponc ment of that inutiun, us more time would thereby be iilTurd.nl ti- members to Kiv« it that mature doHlicra' i-.m which it ri'quired, especially as tha Council liud voted un nddress to Ilia Kxcellunuv f«ir a re'turii of all sums raised by Ubscssmt- nt o'n stuck beyond the boundaries— a mutter materially connected with His Exccllcnry's Mp-.n-jp. When Mr. O'Cuiinvll brouglitfnrivard his uiutron, in iho evening, ns an nniondmont on tho motion of tll'i Colonial Secretary to aiijuurn till tliu t'.illowin^ clay, it a . strongly opjMisid liy Mr. Murray, who thruight i' was unfair for huo.irabla mcmlierJ resii ing in Sydney, and its immediate iiiighbour ho .d to no0-lect the pul'.i-- business fur the sake nf ut endi.ig lloinebusli Uai-cs. Mr. O'Connell saiil he honorable ineinliiT for Murray had un righl toi uputo nmtives The Spoaknr observed, that the honora' lo mcinbrr had only imputed on.; motivi-. .Mr. Muir.iy iu r. suining his speech, o^-«er.cd that tile lunioraktii ra-iubpr for Port Philii,) had not nia.lc use uf a hin^le argument in favor »f his nioiioti, that ou^ht to induue tin Council to ontortain it.niul thereby postpone thu pubic ba ?inosi. It Was most unfair to the country members, who, whilst others would bo enjoying themselves at the races, had not even th.a privilege allowed them of returning to their homes; the honorable and learned member for Sydney haying given notice, that ho inlendod to move for a call of the houso on Wednesday, they Would, therefore, be compelled tu remain in Sydney at no small expense, whilst others wero enjoying thomsrlve^ when they ought to ba attending to the ii torests of their constituent* by whom they woie sent to that house. Mr. Itioivsur and Mr. D.mgar also opposed' tho (notion on sin-ilar grounds, anil it was lout on a division bv a majority of one. Tho following day tiio Speaker announced, at hull-past three, that there was ho houso ; the effect, we presume, of u little maneuvering on the part of somu h 'iiorablo members, for when the Speaker ha,4 taken tho chair, we si w I lip head of one honorable ami learnod member just protrude from the door loading to tho committee room, and hastily vanish. We, m- rouver, agree with tho Colonial Secre tary, who stated, that if there were not twelve members present when tho Speaker counted th.* house, there were the instant before. Supreme CouAt. — His Honor the Chief Justice informed the Court yesterday, that th* causes now on the list for trial by juries of fostr persons, will be proceeded with on Tuesday next, the 2nd June, and on the days following; throughout the week, and that the appeal of J. T. Hu,hes, which is fixed for bearing on Thursdny, tho -Un of Juno, will bo postponed until thu Monday fallowing, the 8th June. Separation-. — It is highly gratifying to us to be enabled to inform our readers, upon unquestionable authority, that such is the pro- gress made in the adjustment of the Separation Question, that the subject of the future bound- aries of the Colony of Port Phillip are now under discussion by the Government. What are the particular views of his Excellency Sir Goorge Gipps on the subject we are not, of course, prepared to say, nor yet those of the Surveyor General; but thus much we feel at liberty to state that the boundary line between Port Phillip and New South Wiilos will be drawn with especial reference to natural land marks, so as to avoid the complicated relations, and insurmtable difficulties which, as in the case of the South Australian boundary line, would be certain lo arise, if some imaginary line or paral- lel of latitude were to be adopted, the precise ascertaining of which, upon any individual spot, could only be determined by tedious, expensive, and for mast purposes, especially those of juris- prudence, impracticable process. On these grounds, therefore, and being aware of the weight which will be attached by the Home Government — or rather by the new Colonial Minister — to the views of his predecessor Lord John Russell, we are inclined to expect that the boundary struck out by his Lordship and now actually in force by Act of Parliament for every purpuse of Government, except municipal and financial separation, will be the boundary line recommended, by his Excellency and the Executive Council. This line commences at Cape Howe, proceeds to the centre of the Aus- tralian Alps, (Mount Koskiusko ?) thence to the nearest head of the Murrumbidgee (the Tumut ?) and so down the Murrumbidgee to the Murray, and thence to the South Australian boundary. Any other line than this will be gross injustice to Port Phillip, for it will be a taking away a portion of the Territory already given to, and now forming part of, the Territorial District, as it ought to be, of the Colony of Port Phillip. - Port Phillip Patriot, May 7. 