COMMISSION OF LUNACY. On Saturday a commission de lunatico inquirendn was instituted before Mr. E. Wissi.ow, one of the Masters in Lunacy, nnd n highly respectable jury, at the Court house, Wcllcto'c-squaro, touching the stato of mind of nltss-aarah Caney, spinfter, of 8; -Ganiipn:Street-road, St; George s-in-the: East. - Mr. Warren and Air. Willis appeared in support -of the commission, which was institutcd at tho instance of Miss Cnnov's npxt nf bin ' Mr. Warren said, that in tlio mclnncholy case about to develop itself to thu jury it was his duty to call their attention to the principal facts. Tho duty of tho jury- would he a painful hut necessary ono, in order to afford that protection to the life and property of the unfortu nate subject of the inquiry which nil lminnne persons tvould wish her to have. lie (Mr. Warron) would show that the poor lady was quite incapable of manag ing her affairs. Miss Caney was a maiden lndy of great age, upwards of 80, of a highly respectable family. She resides in Cannon-streut-road, in a house of her own, which she has inhabited for the last -10 years. Whatever might have been tho original tendency to eccentricity, the course of life adopted by this lady could easily bo supposed to foster and develop tho seeds of insnnity, however long they might have boon deposited. Up to 15 years ago a sister resided with Miss Caney, but since her death, the latter has lived nlono, unat tended by any servant, trusting herself to tlio casual at tendance of a poor woman, who would ho called in evi dence. This.coinmission was originated by all the next of kin, ono nephew and two nieces, nllofwhoin wero in flourishing and opulent circumstances, hut who were compelled to ndopt this stop,, in consequence of the stato of their aunt, who was quito unable to distinguish time, places, or persons, She wns possessed of property wortli between £14,000 and £l fi,000, and from tho state in which she permits her house to be, she has be come the object of daring cupidity, so much so, thut the polico felt it noccssary to he doubly vigilant in rcspool to her residence. Her only attendant was a woman named Hummond, who rcsidos in ono of Miss Caney 's houses at the hack of the ono she herself inhabited ; nnd tho latter, when requiring the' woman's attendance, would exhibit a towel at a window as a signal. In con sequence of tho extraordinary mode of lifo adopted by the poor lady, the houso wqs constantly hesot by all tho idlo.vagnhonds of tlio neighbourhood, nnd she was cari catured as " the old miser," " tho old witch," &c-; About tlireo years since her imbecility began to manifest itself in delusions. At ono timo sho mid tlmt Prince Albert had c.ut off the Queen's toe, wliorohy Her Ma jesty had bled to dentil. At another timo sho fancied that a publican in the neighbourhood had murdered his wife,' whoso body was in the houso. The luarued coun sel dotailed othor delusions, and also somo most filthy and disgusting habits on the part of the unfortunate lady, and then prooccdod to call Elizabeth Hammond, of 24, Marmndiiko-streot, Can- non-stroot-rond. Has known Miss Caney for 17 or 18 years. Does not know her exact ago. Was in tho habit of fotcliing errands and milking, tlio lied for her. During tho Inst throe years .she has had no parson residing with her. Witnoss was in attondnnco on her up to yes terday. Miss Caney had hardly 'anything to cover her ; her clothes were literally dropping oil". Witness dared not say anything to her idiotit dress or washing. Sho says bIio docs not want to dress up far men, liko her (witnoss). Hor dress is very offonsivo. Witness does not believe that sire hasebangod her under linen twice during the lust'twclve months. Iler hair is ono entire mat. Mobs have for the last two years continually as sembled and pelted both Miss Caney and witness. Miss Caney fancies that the people come out of respect to her. Witness has not received any money from Miss Caney for a long time, hut used to buy her pork chops, of which she was very fond. Miss Canoy's appetite was very good. Sho would eat two good pork chops for hor dinner. At other times she would go without food for throe or four days, at which timo witness was not lot in to tho house. Witness had not been into the houso for, four days before yesterday (Fritlay). '' At this stage, the witness heenmo very much indis posed and retired, upon which the learned Commissioner suggested that as some little difficulty was likely to arise in obtaining access to the unfortunoto lady, it would be best to take tile medical evidence, and then proceed to the house. Dr. Alexander James Sutherland examined. — VLited Miss Caney on two occasions in the month of 'August last. Found both her and tlio house in a filthy condi tion. Wn3 nccompanied by Mr. Stanton, the lady's nephew, and Mr Rose, his solicitor. Witness asked her about her sister, Mrs. Dryden (dead some years since), and she said she had seen nor a week or a month ago. On being asked whether it was her ghost, she replied no, it 'was herself. Witness asked if she' knew Mr. Stanton, nnd she said no. Mr. Stanton was then oppo site to hor. Witness, then gavo her a shilling, nnd she. said it was a sovereign. On nnolhcr occasion witness gave her a sovereign, and first she called it a guinea, and then a shitting. Site said soinc one had left her a rabbit in fine condition, and showed witness a dead cat, which sinclt horribly. She spoke quite deliberately. Witness told her at first the object of his visit. Witness asked libr about Prince Albert and the Queen, but she denied having said anything about them. Also ques tioned her about.tho publican cutting up his wife, hut that she also denied. According to tho best of his judg ment witness believed sho was of unsound mind. Had no doubt whatever on his mind. Mr. E. J. Quekett, general practitioner, of Wellclose- square, had visited the lady in question on two occasions, and after detailing the incidents of his visits, stated, that ho was convinced that the lady was of unsound mind. Mr. Stephen .James Brydges Stanton examined. Is nephew to Miss Caney, and resides at Hendon, on his own property. Miss Caney 's property consists of 7,000/. in the 3£ .'per Cents, and 0,500/. Consols, with three houses. Witnoss has been responsible to tradesmen in tho neighbourhood, that sho might not go w ithout neces saries. Tho woman Hammond has boon - very good. to her, and has injured her own health in her attention to Miss Caney. Witness believes that ihoro is property concealed in tlio house to a considerable amount. Wit ness, since his mother's (Mrs. Dryden') death, liad always accompanied Miss Caney to receive her dividends. Witness used to nnswor the questions for her, nnd she would then tako (lie money home with her. She had often denied to witness that she had any money in the funds, even on tho road to receive the dividends. At ono timo she said, " So help her G — d, sho had got no money." I v-D1.0 Commissioner, jury, counsel, &e.Know; proceeded- to the house occupied by tho poor lndy, sitiinto a short distance from tho Court-house, and their arrival was the signal for the collection of an immense mot,. Tim houso.-of two stories in height, presented a most dismal aspect, being covered with pellets of mud. Tho win dows broken, -thereby admitting the light, which could ncvor otherwise have penetrated the thick coating of dirt which encased the glass. Tho door was fast, no response was given to reiterated knoeks, and it was fin- ally found noccssary to send a man to force an entrance from tho hack. Admission being gained, tho door of Miss Caney s bed-room was found locked, nnd no answer returned to repented thunderings. Mr. Stanton expres sed his fears that something fatal had happened to his relative, and the Commissioner ordered the door to be burst opon, which was done, and the unfortunate object was then exhibited. Covered, with an old black stuff gown and gray-check shawl, a tattered stocking on one leg, and a piece of green baise enveloped the other, all in the most filthy state, tho poor woman stood regarding with surprise the intrusira' visiters, nnd presented a most disgusting sight. Her linir was concunlcd by a cap, in keeping with tlio rest of her attire. In reply to tho fore man nnd others of the jury, sho complained petulantly of their breaking into hor place. Sho said sho had no money, and bnd no ono to attend on her. She also said sho did not know Dr. Sutherland, nnd begged that llicy would all go nwny nnd leave her alone. The jury having expressed themselves perfectly satis fied, all hastened to quit n house which presented such n melancholy picture; tho liov. Mr. Quekett remaining witli lite poor lunatic until tlio verdict should cmtblo othor steps to lie takon, and tiie police being ongaged in keep ing off tlio denso crowd which thronged round the house. On their return to tho Court Houso, tho foreman an nounced that the jury had eoino to an unanimous verdict that Miss Ctinoy was of unsound mind, and incapalilo of managing her affairs, and had been so since Outobor 1st, 1842. The Commissioner said ho quite agraod with tho vor- diet, and only lamonlod that the present step had not been taken long ago. Air. Warren said ho quite coincided in that remark, hut persons did not liko to suo out commissions of lunacy against their relatives, the world boing so censo rious. Tho jury expressed thoir approbation of tho motives of Mr. Stanton, and then broko up. 