COLONIAL SUMMARY. In a recent outbreak on Norfolk Island, the chief constable and three others were murdered by the prisoners, the notorious Cash and Westwood were the ringleaders. War has commenced in earnest at the Cape. the Kafirs had created great havoc among the settlers on the eastern boundary, and on the 27th and 28th of May.,had defeated sereral detachments of military, and on one occasion drove away four thousand head of cattle from under the guns of a fortified post held by two troops of dragoons. The Kafirs have ten thou- sand fighting men, and the settlers had deserted their farms and hastened into Graham's Town, where the greatest mi- sery existed. On the 9th June the Ka- firs ventured upon a general engage- ment; the British forces consisted of five hundred cavalry and eight hundred infantry and Hottentots. The Kafirs were routed. A good many inhabitants of Portland are about to leave it, in consequence of the want of police pro- tection. A dreadful storm was expe- rienced at St Helena, in February, such as had never before been witnessed, the rollers as the waves are termed were awful, and a great portion of the ves- sels in the bay were washed on shore and a number of lives were unfortu- nately lost. Our Western Boundary &c.; — Scarce- ly a single day passes without additional instances being furnished of the hard- ships endured by the Portland Bay set- tlers, though the injustice of the Go- vernment and the systematic injuries in- flicted by its subordinates. We have just been informed by a gentleman, that he has been recently turned off his run, on the disputed line by the South Australian Government, and as the Crown lands commissioner of South Australia is at present engaged in en- quiring into the squatters' claims in the same locality, it is not only possible but highly probable that ere long we will have to report similar grievances, as there is not a single official in the dis- trict to look to look to the settlers' in- terests and the property and honor of the New South Wales government. A Crown Lands Commissioner we have none, the act under which the tyrant Fyans held his authority haring expired and the County of Normandy, over which Mr Blair still claims sovereignty as commissioner, independently of any act of Parliament or colonial edict, not extending to the 141° degree of east longitude, wherever that parallel may be ultimately determined. — Portland Guardian. Lake Mundy. — This locality has been lately the scene of an aboriginal out- rage. The object of attack was the flock of Mr Kinnon, at one of the out- stations. The flock which had been dis- persed, has been, we believe, in part recovered, but the shepherd who gave the alarm, of the hostile intentions of natives, on returning to the out station, has since been missing. — Portland Guar- dian. Emigration to Van Diemen's Land. — We understand the Julia and Mary have been chartered by the Geelong Im- migration Society for the conveyance of a supply of shepherds and shearers prior to the commencement of the wool harvest Their arrival may be expected in three weeks or a month. It is very proba- ble that the David will bring a supply- before that time, but of this there is no certainty, as no advices have been re- ceived from the parties authorised to charter a vessel at Hobart Town. Laying the Foundation Stone of the Catholic Church — Abridged from the Geelong Advertiser. — Wednesday last having been the day appointed for this ceremony, a large assemblage of persons had congregated, many from distant parts of the interior, and a large party from Melbourne. The weather was exceedingly unfavorable, the morning having set in with squalls of rain, and just before the commencement of the ceremony the rain poured down as if from a waterspout. Exactly at the appointed hour, however, the Very Rev. Mr. Geoghegan, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Walsh, appeared on the ground in their canonicals, and went through the usual religious exercises prescribed for such occasions The inscription having been deposited in its proper place, and the stone lowered, the Rev Mr. Geoghe- gan said : — In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this first stone in this founda- tion in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that the true faith and the fear of God, and brotherly love may here flourish, and that this place may be appropriated to praver end to the calling upon and praising of the name of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father and the Son liveth and reigneth, God, without end, Amen. The following ia a copy of the Latin inscription, with the English transl- tion : — SANCTÆ MARIÆ ANGELORUM Lapidem Ecclesiæ Primarium Patritius Bonaventura Geoghegan Vicarius Foraneus Posuit, Augusti Die xix. A. D. MDCCCXLVI Gregoria XVI. Pont. Max. Joanne Beda Archiepiscopo Sydniey. Ricardo Walsh Parocho, Victoria Regina Felicissime Regnante, Carolo Augusta Fitz Roy, Vicem Regiam Gerente, Carolo Josepho La Trobe Provinciæ Præfecto Samuello Jackson, Architecto. On the 19th day of August, 1846, Patrick Bonaventure Geoghegan, Vicar Foran, Laid the first stone of the Church of ST. MARY OF ANGELS, in the Pontificate of his Holiness, Gregory XVI., Under the jurisdiction of John Bede, The Lord Archbishop of Sydney, Richard Walsh, Parish Priest, In the happy reign of Queen Victoria, Sir Charles Augustus Fitzroy, Governor His Honor Charles Joseph La Trobe, Superintendent. Samuel Jackson, Architect. The assembled spectators having ad- journed to the shelter of the School Room, the Rev. Mr. Geoghegan deli- vered an affecting address, and laid on the foundation stone £50, collected by his people in Melbourne. The large sum of £190 was then collected for the building fund, a sum which far exceeded the hopes of the most sanguine. 