INFALLIBILITY. If the claim of infallibility be not assumed, it must be received on one or other of two distinct grounds. Either we must come to believe it wholly without proof, and by some mysterious interior revelation. which leaves all religions on a level, as each may at pleasure allege such a revelation in its own fa vour, and the nature of the supposition precludes all test to discrimate between them, or it must be received by an appeal to evidence of some kind; and j then there will be, as events have amply shown, as much room for difference of opinion on the value and verdict of this appeal to evidence (whether Scripture, Antiquity, Reason, or any two or all three of thetu),ab on any other conceivable point i of theology. Nor can the Romanist advocate here! cover his retreat by urging, that, at least, it uar rows the controversy to one question instead of se veral : no assertion is more utterly groundless; for the truth is, that the controversy on a claim of in fallible guidance, to be satisfactorily conducted, must embrace all the various points upon which the Church which claims it is alleged to have erred; those very allegations of actual error being the most con clusive grounds for doubting, or wholly denying, the validity of the claim. Nothing, therefore, is more certain, than that the plea of infallibility does not remove one single difficulty in the theory of religious belief. It is absurdly impotent for the purpose; the real truth being, that it only adds one men? question to the numbers that already exist in controversy, instead of solving the rest, or sub stituting itself in their place.— Dublin University Magazine, November. DIAXOGCE BETWEEN A SCBIPTITBE- KEADER AND A COITXTRVMAX IX THE NORTH. Reader.—Well, John, I am sorry to find you in such a state of mind. When I saw you last, you pro fessed to me to have found salvation; but now I find that it is not the case, for you are in the most awful state that a man can well be in. You have embraced " Barkerism." Countryman.—l cannot find by the Bible that there is three Gods. R. —No, John, neither you nor any other person can find that; but we can find that the Father is God, and the Son is God; and it is revealed to us that the j Holy Ghost is God. j C.—No, I cannot find it. R. —I can bring proof from the Scriptures. C—l'll ha'e nowt but Scripture. R. —So you all say; but when we quote it, you will not have it. What do you think of this, John ?" In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." Will that satisfy you? C—No. B.—Well, then, we'll try this : " Take heed, there | fore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the ! Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." Will that satisfy you ? C—No. R.—l told you, you will not have Scripture when we present it. C.—l'se varra happy. R.—Error cannot make you happy, John. C.—S. says he's varra happy, too. R.—Have you ever heard that S. is short tempered? C—Yes. R. —Do you believe it? C—Yes. R.—Have you ever seen him in such a situation? C.—Yes. R.—Then I would say, a man of that stamp can not be happy. Then, John, you cannot believe there arc three persons in the Godhead ? C—No. R.—l'll endeavour now to disturb your error. There are three of you standing now before me. C.—Nay, there's no' but mysel. How, then, can you make three r R.—There is your body, which is? John T.; there is your soul which is John T.; and there is your spirit, which is John T. And yet you are not three John T."s, but one John T. Do you understand that? C—No. R.—You cannot understand it; and yet you must know that it is so. Your peace is false, John. Seek Bible-happiness, which points to peace on earth, peace in death, and a glorious immortality.— The Wesleyan. 14th Nov. 