CONUNDRUMS Why is Windsor like a leg of mutton after the family have dined off it ? — Because it is very hear Eaten (Eton). Why is a drunken man like a clock' — Because he his ancoDsrious of his own movements. Why is a quaker like the grim tyrant death ! — Because he is not a respecter of persons. What part of Saturn's career reminds you of a gentleman ttying on a pair of tight boots ?— The time when he endeavoured to overcome the Titans (tight uu's). . Why did Jupiter descend to Dana in "a shower of gold ?—To prove that he was one of the raining soverigns. What letter of a foreign language made Queen Elizabeth establish goose as a Michaelmas dish — The Spanish R made her (Spanish Armada). Why is a passionate man like a lighted cahdle?— Because he is hot-headed. Why is pepper like pease-soup T— Because there are P's in it; If an army were to be divided into six parts, arid each of these ayain into seven parts, what quality would the army express ? — It would he forty -two' d Cfortitude) Why is Neptune like seeking the philosopher's stone ?— Because he's a seaking (reeking.) what'il never be found. Which can see best, a horse wiihoui eyes, or a blind horse ?— Doubtless a horse that's blind — of one eye- Whait spirit beheaded will name an important per sonage at an inn? — Ghost— host. Why is Mr Billington's omnibus (of the bull Inn, Preston) like a certain kind of .root ? — It's the Bull bus (buihous.) Why is a horse like a tortured criminal ? — It's tied to the rack. Why is an epistle divided into paragraphs, like a man who has just been tried ?— Because it is senten ced. Why isa caK, following a cow, like a monk ?— Because he's cowled (cow led)4 Why is the forthcoming Pieston Institution hall like a traveller in good health about to set out on a journey ? -Because it will go c.fftoeZL you throw a man out of a window what would Ke?jfatFagainst Against his own inclination, Why is Avenham Walk like the days of next week ? — Because it lengthens slowly. - Why is that which never tails, like a strong knot It? — is a certainty (certain tie), " If I buy four books for a penny, and give one of them away/ why ami like a telescope? — I make a far t'oing ('arthinrr) ntesent. Why is the rail way ncn Patksids to" Preston like a marriage in Scotian; ?— It :s a North Union. What relation is your uncle's brother to yoj, who is not your uncle? — Your father, 