FIGHTING FYANS. llamkt — " By Heaven I'll make a ghost of him that lets me," C From the Port Phillip Patriot, July 10.,) „ Truly antipodeal are we in the most comprehensive sense of the term-— reversed not only geographically, but morally. Wisdom in New South Wales becomes folly in Effcland, and vice versa — just as the daylight of the one country is the darkness of the other. The law of the pistol is no sooner condemned by the social and le gislative advancement of the mother country, than it rises into estimation in New Holland. In the Portland Gazette of the 30th ultimo, we read as follows " It is really strange that the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the Portland Bay District is allowed by the government to continue so long to insult and tyrannise over all with whom he either officially comes in contact, or has the least possible ex cuse for holding correspondence. Having either read or beard of Mr. Benjamin Boyd's evidence before the Land Grievance Committee of the Legislative Council, during its last session, he immediately wrote to that gentleman, in a style as vulgar as it was destitute of every principle of correct composition, de signating his statements false, and demanding ah apology ! It might have been supposed that any individual at the head of the government would baveinstantly ordered the Commissioner , either to withdraw the offensive document and express his re gret at having penned it, or to be"dtsmissed ; but, no — whilst, as a matter of course, Sir "George Gipps had to write to him, and, as a -matter of courtesy, or " rather duty, enclosed to Mr. Boyd a copy of the letter he had directed to be sent to Captain Fyans, yet, in a note accompanying that copy, his Excellency requested Mr. Boyd to saV nothing further on the subject ! ! ! What a sample of a Governor is here ! A gentleman, one of the largest stockholders, and possessed of, perhaps, more varied and extensive information than any other man in the colony, is summoned before the most important Board to give evidence upon a question which has agitated the country more than any other which has ever arisen since the first settlement by Euro peans, and because he, in the discharge of his public duty, de clares not only what he himself believes to be the truth, but which he afterwards obtained documentary evidence in abun dance to prove was (he truth — in despite of all this he is to be rudely assailed by one whose ignorance is backed by the uncon stitutional — the anti-British powers of, God be praised,, the this day defunct Crown Lands Occupation Act, and, when he appeals to the Governor for protection and redress, he is re quested not to say anything more on the subject I" It is not very long ago that we heard the virtue of " Lynch-law" recommended by one magistrate ; and it is but a veiry few days since, that a J ustice of the Peace rode a distance of four hundred miles to break it. With these examples before him, we might be" in duced to make some excuse for the conduct of Captain Fyans, were the circumstances which awakened his indignation of so" provocative a nature as those con nected with the " examples" referred to. It appears thatMr. B. Boyd, in reply to certain legislative inquiries, spoke candidly as to the extent of .his information and observation touching the despotic powers vested in the Crown Lands Commissioners, and the purposes, in most instances,, to which they were perverted. Capt. Fyacs's official career afforded a case in point, and of too illustrative a nature to be omitted. This worthy's pastoral dictatorship excited a good deal of indignation and surprise— cerfain .ljjftie . graphic pictures (jpar pa- renthfae)> descriptive of thfS: official, eccentricities of this fighting JnsUpe, land the relation in which the interests of, those, Subjected to his control stood to the proportion bflbil 0 On lii/wpflihipful stomadhj (it being more than currently reported that a luckless stirrup- cup of sournjilk cost one udfortunate his run) reached him, and to favp the fdlsity of the evidemce, and the miidqes hi. his dvyn tepijper, he forihwith to shoot Sir. ..Boyd, a, district, through -the head I Naturally feeling njorjc, contenipt thanaqgerat the wretched spectacle of this grey-. hehfil'f his insolence, other' pjapiqg te ' aite'hefolth the Governor his ixeeuency do % $93 he;ttatfi nd . this' !sfervatit 3»f 1 the ' Crown, ( that however ' Pa/hfdl made by Mr, Boyamighf he, such 'statements were required whestibfected tbthe Ch|qtdrdbSs Ke tell Mr j Tester Fyadsr that' JdjrJsdyd "aia magistrate,' to pre- servej the peace, bad obeyed the obligation, which Mr. Fyans sought to violate'1— does he caution Mr. Fyans of this Wilful abandonment of his swOrn' duties, and the effect of his exarnple-rdoes he inform him that, ' how ever much he may regret the necessity, his duty as the Representative of the Crown in this colony obliges .him to discourage an equally public attempt, on the part1 of a magistrate, to unprovokedly seek the blood of his fellow man ; and that he should be wanting in his duty to his Queen, and to the people over whose weal he is' deputed to" superintend j wCre he to allow a professed duellist to desecrate the justice seat— does he remind Mr. Fyans of the consistency of his sitting in1 judgment on any outrage that may be brought before him, and preaching, the mildness and humanity of the British lawj while inwardly convinced of the su perior legislation of the pistol— does his Excellency, as he is bound to do, adopt any of these courses ? Far from it. He sanctions the acts of his subordinate by not reproving them ; for, in the words of our contem porary, " he requests Mr. Boyd to say qothing further on the subject." Further comment is unnecessary. 