A CATHOLIC MISREPRESENTED AND ItEPRESE TED. BiY THE REV. JOHN GOTINER. First published in 1685. OF COUNCILS. " The Catholic misrepresented believes that the faith of his Church may receive new additions every day; aind that he is not only obliged to believe what Christ and his Apostles taught but also every defini tion or decree of any general council assembled by ,the Pope. , So that as often as aiiy thing is issued out by the auithority of any bf these Church parlia miients, and ordered to be believed, he thinks him self, tinder pain of damnatlo.,' iziniidiately bound to receive it; and, having added it Lo his creed, io assent th it with as firni, sutladfasi, and divine a faith, as if it liad beni commiaainded by Christ himself, and decreed in the corisistory of lithien." The Catholic trsuiy represented believes that the faith of the Church carieceive no additions, and that ho is obliged to believe nothing besides that which Christ and his Apostles taught; and if any thing contrary to this should be defined and com manded to be believed, even by ten thousand councils, he believes it damnable in any one to ieceive it, and by such decrees to lakel additions to his creed. However,l he maintains the iauthority of general councils lawfully assemb led, whose ,business it is, not to eclin new articles of faith, ar devisofresh enets, .but only, as often as any point of received doctrine is impugned or called in question, to debate the matter, and examine what has been the belief of all nations (who are there present, in their prelates) in titpoit int ; ina this being agreed, on, to publish and mankeknown to the world which is the Catholid doctrine left by Christ niidhlis Apostles, and which the new-broached error, and b, this means to pre. vent the loss of an liihnitto number of souls, which might otherwise be doliated, and carried away aftee iiew inventions. Anil In this case he believes thiid It obliged'to subniit, liael ' ifie flie decirees f `shell 4 council; the pastors 'ad platei ithere jiresent 'lcing by Christ and i hslApostls aippoinitiok 'theideeluloh of oiuch c'ntroversics, they hayvibi the care of that flock committed to them; " over which' the Holy' Ghost has mide- them overseers to feed the Church of God," and to watch against thos' iien 'whos should arisbi'" fromt among themselves; spealring peirJerie' thiigs' to" draw disciples after' themi." And' h& Having received command, as 'llsk1si thdw wole'fldck of Christ, '!to obey their prelates, and be subject to them, who watch; aind aieti render an account for' their souls," with ann assurance, " that he that heareth them healeib Christ, and hle thatdespiseth tiem despiseth Christ."' OF INFALLIBILITY IN riHs ieuacam. ',The Catholic misrepresested believes that the pastors and -prelates of his Church are infallble, and that, like so many divine oracles or petty deities, they are exempt from error, and cannot deceive or be deceived; but this especially when they are met together in a general council. It being a nmaiei part of his faith that then they are secure from all mis take; and that it is an impossibility for them, hsow ignorant or wicked soever, to decline either to the right hand or to the left in any of their definitions or decrees, as it is for God to become the author of lies." The Catholic truly represented believes that the pastors and prelates of his Church are fallible; that there is none of them but what-may fall-into-error, and heresies, and consequently liable to be deceived. But that the whole Church can fail or be deceived in any one point of faith, this he believes, impossible, knowing it to be built on better promises, such as secure her from all error, and danger of prevarica tion.- Her foundation being laid by. Christ " against which the gates. of hell shall not prevail." The power that protects her beipg Christ.-lhsinself; I" Behold I am with you all days," The spirit that I guides and teaches her being -the comforter, the Holy.- Ghost; who shall- teach, her all things, and suggest to her all things that.Christ has said to her. The time that she is to be thus protected,, taught, and assisted,. being not only, while the Apostles ! lived, or for the first three, four, or five hundred years-next-after, but for ever to the end of the world " Behold I am with you all 'days,. even unto the end of the world." " Ie will give you another Paraclete, that he may abide with you for ever, the spirit of Faith." And the thing that she is to be thus taught to the end of the world being all truths; " He shall teach you all truth." Now, beingsassured lby these promises, that the Church of Christ shall be taught all truth, by the special assistance'of the Holy Ghost, to the end of the world, he has faith to believe that Christ will makehiswords good; and thathis Church shall never fail, nor be corrupted with anti-Chris tian doctrine, nor be the mistress of errors; but shall be taught all truth, and shall teach all truth, to the consummation of the world; and that " who soever hears her, hears Christ; and whosoever de spises her despiseth Christ, and ought to be esteemed as a heathen or a publican." The like assistance of the Holy Ghost he believes to be in all general councils, which is the Church representative (as the parliament is the representative of the nation), by which they are especially protected from all error, in all definitions and declarations in' matters of faith. So that what the Apostles pronounced con cerning the result of their council, " it hath seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us," he does not doubt, may be prefixed to all the determinations, in point of faith, resolved upon by any general coun cil lawfully assembled since that time, or to be held to the world's end; the assistance being to extend as far as the promise. And though it be possible that several of the prelates and pastors in such an assembly, as also many others in communion with the Church of Christ, should at other times, either through pride or ignorance, prevaiicate, make in novations in faith, teach erroneous doctrines, and endeavour to draw members after them ; yet lie is taught that this does not at all argue a fal libility in the Church, nor prejudice her faith, but only the persons that thus unhappily fall into these arrors, and cut themselves off' from being members of the mystical body of Christ upon earth. Whilst the belief of the Church remains pure and untainted, and experiences the truth of what St. Paul foretold, that " grievous wolves shall enter in amongst you, not sparing the flock; also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them," (Acts c. 20, v. 20, 30 ;) which, as it proved true even in the Apostles' time by the fall of Nicholas and several others, so it has been verified in all ages since, by turbulent and pre auming spirits broaching new doctrines and making separations and schisms; but this without casting any more aspersion on the Church or'congregation of the faithful, than the fall of Judas did on the Apostles, or the rebellion of Luicifer on the hier archy of angels. Neither does it reflect at all on the Church's authority, or make the truth of her doctrine questionable to him, that many of her mnembers and prelates have been, or are, enormous sinners because he is convinced that the premises of God's continued and uninterrupted assistance to his Church area not to be mnade void b'y Use wicked ness of particular men, in how gr'eat digsiity dociver. -(7b lbe ceestiaimed.) 