FORTUNES CHANGES. ; by j e. " Life may change, but it may. fly no.t ; Hope may vanish, but can die not; Truth be veiled, but slill it burneth; Love repulsed, but it retumeth.'' .Shelley. Have you ever spent a uight on the mighty ocean, and watched the pale stars rise in. the heavens, march ing slowly and silently along their eternal paths, brightening each moment until they become more -.pien-ing and brilliant than the largest, diamonds, then as morning dawned sadly.siok away like spirits into he air ? If not, you cannot imagine the deep thoughts that fill the heart at that time, the feeling «>( utter fone- \- .-J i ness thai oppresses it, the long-forgotten memories that rush over the mind, and the startling questions that <he spirit asks.. Pictures of scenes for ever past away come back in the freshness of reality to startle us- sve again hear voices that the grave has long silenced' and gaze on features that death has long- shut from us; then the infidel must feel -that if there is indeed a -Creator, how utterly at his mercy he stands, and lie trembles and half believes, thus gazing on these un known worlds, the least cf which proclaims a, God- dazing into that deep beneath him, which heknows not :J)i»w soon may be the means of bringing hiin into the pres. nee of one whom he has disbelieved in, derided, "fliid insulted. WheirHis mighty works are thus.around us; when nothing formed by the hand of man meets our sight, save the frail bark that separates us from death ; when the proud palaces and lofty buildings ol man's creation, if remembered at all, are but drops of water compared to that ocean, the majesty of the Great Architect must indeed awe even the good man, and . make him shriuk as he -asks himself if so great and glorious and powerful a.-Gud can indeed deign tax-are for so mean a worm-as himself. -.- And who has not then -uiarvelledy.at ieastfor a time, that amidst these sin- .-pendous works such an atom can be remembered. . Yet r be lias felt, too, that there is a mighty hand guarding : hi in, and guiding his destiny, thoueh lie cannot com" prebend why so insignificant an object should excite \- .such care. But the.tliought, " God is love,'' steals over . his mind, and mystery is lorgotten in faith and grati tude. It was a night of the early ftulnmn, with no moon to lighten it ; but the sforbeams played tremblingly over the slightly rippling wares, as though they -half. feared to gaze ou that mirror that would give them back their bright forms; and a man- stout) on the deck of a loftv ship gazing on these objects. (-'The hot. day wind was changed to the cool night breeze, and itswept.the dark- locks from liis brow, as though it strove to cool and re- : fresh him ; for, standing there alone, memories of grief and despair might be seen throwing their deep shadows over his expressive countenance, and wild thoughts must have been working in -his. -heart, to make those large veias swell almost to bursting. . Yes, thev were indeed terrible remembrances; they .were- first of his boyhood's days, of the iriends of his early home, the companions of his childhood : but they brought no joy to his heart, no light to his cheek ; for they had all shrunk away from him to their dark hiding-place— the tomb; not uno.lelt who had shared th.ejoys, the trou- bles of infancy. And- he then remembered... how one ibright being had made him -forget for, awhile these things ; how he had loved and worshipped her, and be- lieved her to be the most pure hearted, as well -as the -most beautiful of earth's creatures; and in fancy he heard the trumpet that had called him from her side, -Z.nd the vows ui love and truth that she had poured ere they. parted. Then came the battle-field, the clang of \- swords, the thornier of cannon, the shrieks and groans ol the victims, but half-stifled by the rolling drums and shrill-toiled instruments ; and he loathed himselfut the memory, that lie should have ever lent 'himself to be .the assistant of these lawful, wholesale murders; -Glory ! this ig the pretty word the devil whispers, to bribe the \- vain children ol men to violate- the commandments of their Maker—to slop the breath of thei-r.fellow men, to heap. misery and desolation -on. millions of -helpless children, and brntcen-hcarted women. And he wim<t dered 'at- their weakness, at his own, to have been thus made the dupe of a word, the slave of his arch enemy. Yet, even this sought for, this coveted glory was to haTe been laid at the- feet -of love; he wished for it to make her cleave still more to him, that she might feel a pride . in, as well as affection for his name; and- he had won glory, the laurel had ci owned' his brow, and -now how bitterly the recollection stung him, that his crown, aye, eit-u his very heari;bad been rejected, scoffed at, -by that = being- who had so often vowed ever to love him, and .for-' whom -alone- he had plunged into the red- blood of the battle field. - And now, indeed, he -smiled"-bitterly at the remembrance ol how falsely he had judged her heart \- bv his own, and had- never- dreamed that gold could be \- valued above a irue-and constant heart; that love could he lorgotten before ambition and vanity. And. his waking dream went on; before-. him stood- the -bright ami- beautiful, the rich and proud, for wealth had pound on htiii when he had ceased to hope for it, when : lie had eiased to think of it, when the brightest, jewel ol his lile was crushed. '.-Yes, beauty and power bad . it\iW- lost-their charms for him ; he looked on each iair face as a mask that- concealed a false heart, and -coldly he returned-the greetings ol the /airest lips. And then -came the- tune when his vast, possessions had been wrested front hiin,-aud-oiily enough left to-supporl him \- in mediocrity-; .and his professed ' friends and 'parasites \- iiad forsaken him, to-wor-ship some other golden image. . Yet this brought but-little griel with it; lie had never trusted thpm, nor believed their fawniifgrilatteries ; and ?ir!,eJ?.f alu<>d not, as tin y. proved nnabie to buj1 him ' \- oite true heart,- '-T-hese-were a few of thebi tter-nicmo- , . ties that were . racking bis-soul, passing like cold, piti- i.li ss ghostSj in- stern-array before him. Gazing on his 4 manly iig.ure.and uobie-uountenance, he seemed born to be nature's. -favourite, fortune's minion.; but thev had dejighted -to -hold the cup of jov to his hps, then to rsnatch.it rudely away. Thirty years had given him l this .bitter experience, and he biamed himself for havina .-tuude light of the presentiment that had-lrom his child ,l.oodciqug like amicy . chain .around him, that ltappi mi ess was. not destined lo be his. And now he had left ch:s country .to end <his existence amongst strangers: thev owed him. nothing, therefore his heait Could never be w rung by theiringratilude. Thus parU d one of the i. no bles i oLGod'-s -creatures; despair-had filled a nature - -that should -have been the houtc of every. virtue, and he > t eaehed aoollter land a cold, icy-hearted being, living .amongst life fellows, but holding -little inteicuurse with '.them ; and, as each night. he closed his eyes in sleep lit yrujed '4i nestly that lie itright wake «o wore on.? ..rth. One hot and sultry night he lay tossing on his couch long ere- sleep came over him, but his spirit slept not even then; no, it journeyed lar- into the land of spirits, be talked with bright-rhaired angels, and he-knew them well; for though beautiful above all that imagination could picture, they wore the expression of those whom he had loved in youtbj-'aud they soothed hrm, and told hitn of the -happiness they enjoyed, and shewed him how by- death they had escaped a host of evils, and that when he had thought himself. most unfortunate he too had been most truly -bleit; for that she who had most wounded him had been the misery and ruin of all con nected wit h her ; and they said they would ever watch over him, audy bid him hope again, for there were yet many blessings in store for him. lie arose from that sleep an altered man ; his vision was still before his mind's eye, and he knew that there was truth and reality in his dream; once more he employed his ta lents and time for the benefit of bis fellow-creatures : ihe wild forests and wastes for miles around were his employment and amusement ; he turned them into ferule pastures and rich gardens, and became the pro tecting genius of the place, living surrounded by "those- whom he had rendered industrious and happy ; he sought not for gratitude or praise, or love, so that when j he found them, they -wete not the less welcome for | being unexpected. j - + - # - # - '+ j - ' Farewell, my beloved, my blessed child ! Oh, j that I could have lived yet a few months to have seen ! thee with those who. would have protected thee from evil, but this is vain now ; and yef-I do notieave thee (alone; no, prayer -is not- idle, and thou hast yet the j -s rongestarm to guard and guide thee!" : j Thus spoke an old man to a child kneeling beside j his bed ; the c haraber was gloomy, every ray of the I sun havi.ng been excluded. His eye was bright and -j beautiful when first he spoke, and was' fixed on that -J weepin -thing, and -the film came slowly over it, and . glazed it ; yet even in death, it seemed bent on her, as though it watched her still. They had" travelled from afar, and the old manVstrength had failed him, and he had tottered for aid lo the peasant's cottage. vYes, he was dead, and they gently forced her from the body, and tried-io soothe her, but in vain ;- she was- amongst strangers, and could only think of him whom her tears land cries could -not awaken. They opened the few papers belonging to the deceased, and decided on taking them to the good- stranger who had -lately come into their country ; he received them -kindly, and promised | to take all the trouble from- them, and to protect the I child- until her relations were found. And well he kept j his promise. "Unable to hear anything of -them, be had the body decently interred, and determined on pro viding for -the little girl himself. He watched, and | tended, and devoted himself entirely to-her; and she shortly grew so attached, that -she never left his side ; -well she repaid him — not one-act. of- kindness was lost j upon her — every day she grew more good and-beauti- j fill. . Years flew rapidly away to both, and her greatest -j study seemed how.she might best please hei kind bene factor. She seemed to ftei a deep- devotion for. him , nothing pleased -her that lie did not.- admire, and no task was too difficult if he approved it. This was in deed happiness for hitn such as he never expected ; yet still he was grave and -thoughtful, for he felt too often that the time must come - when she would belong to another, when her heart would .turn its most choice af fections on some other object, and he would hold but a secondary place in it. But lie was not- selfish, and he prepared to sacrifice his last happiness for her; and whilst he still cherished and instructed, to wean his heart from her. -# - " That is a very beautiful cottage yonder, amongst the tall, bright green trees, looking down so smilingly on the peaceful unruffled lake stretching, far and wide, beneath it. Aye, the prettiest -place that I have seen in our travels over this land of freedom and equality, of aged forest and vast prairie cf magnificent river and dashing cataract, of snow-capped mountain and bloom ing valle.y; this land of terrible grandeur and gentle beauty, America! And what, a balmy frag-rance the soft breeze bears to us from the bright roses that climb up the trclliee- work of the---verandah. But,- softly ! there- are two figures walking beneath it. slight, gentle looking gij-J, and a tall dark man, doubtless her father." " Bah," said mv companion, " did you ever -see a daughter blush as she. does w'hnn her father spoke- to her? Did you -ever see a father gaze on his child as that man looks into the soft eyes of his companion. No, you mistuke altogether." " And do yon indeed love me too- well to go ?" said a rich, deep voice; your, uncle has sent for you, owned you, his children have all been snatched away by death from him, and he will adopt you. . You know not that, riches and hap; iuess are awaiting you, and -ibat-the young and handsome will vie with each other in showing their homage for you." " And shall not we go ?" she asked, pleadingly. 'f You shall go, as soon as possible; I shall soon be able to arrange everything. Lh-ave withheld you, per haps, too long from the world." " And will you not really go ?'' demanded the startled girl, as though she had nut comprehended his meaning before. He shook his bead. . "Oh! 'let me stay with- you then," sobbed -the girl. ' What are all other things to me, il you are not there?' Riches! homage ! I should hate them." " Think, think," lie - repeated calmly, yet sadly, " I have watched over you with a parent's care ; but-there are other ties, and - dearer, that will meet you there; and yon will soon learn, amidst the gaiety and ltappi ness that will surround you, to forget the stern , gloomy man, who has hitherto guarded you,- tn Uie devotion o( the young and handsome." Uh, cruel !" she cried, wildly ; " yon- cannot believe the words you speak! If you would ha ve-me live, let me be with yon ever. You know not how- I -will serve and worship you," earnestly pleaded she and long; but he heard no more titan this, he pressed his hand to his forehead, a.td that noble .txpressive countenance and those swollen vet us - were the same -that- hud stood on the deck of the gallant ship some-few years before, but if grief and w rung had then drawn forth those deep signs of feeling, now- ihere was a l«ok of inexpressible, unutterable joy, -lint almost stifled him. But when lie remembered himself, he folded the poor girl to bis heart. " No, we will never part," he-muttered ; and bore the senseless form to the interior ol the cottage. J have little more to tell, but that -ere another- Week had passed, site became his bride;: and a letter an nounced to those relations in England who -had so long neglected h r, that they were now too late, for that she was- bound by stronger lies thau theirs. And as to the wealth that-was destined for her, she rejected it with hanks ; for happiness-was hers, and that was more than gokl culd ever buy. 