I, K G I S L A T I V K C 0 U N C I L. The Legislative Council of Now South Wales assembled on Tuesday last in their fourth ses sion. The attendance of strangers was more numerous than on any previous occasion, and the deepest interest in the coming events of the session was manifest. About twelvo n clock tho lltght Worshipful the Mayor, accompanied hy a small party of gentlemen on horseback, proceeded to Government House, for the pur pose of escorting His Excellency to tho Council Chamber. A salute from Fort Phillip was fired when His Excellency left Government House, and a guard of honour and the band of the 99th regiment was in attendance to receive him at the door. A large concourse of spec tators was assembled outside tho Council Chambers, and His Excellency was received with cheers. On the announcement of his ar rival hy the Set geant-at- Arms, His Excellency was ushered in hy the Speaker and several of the official members. The members present wore — The Honorable Alexander M'Leay, Esq. | member for Gloucester, Macquarie, and Stan- . ley (Speaker) ; the honorable Edward Peas; Thomson, Esq., Colonial Secretary ; the ho. . norable Campbell Druramoml Hiddell, Eq., Colonial Treasurer; His Excellency Lieutenant General Sir Maurice O' Council, Commander . of the Forces; John Hubert I'lunkett, Esq., Attorney -General ; William Lithgow, Esq , Auditor-General (Official Nominees) William Charles Wentxvortli, Esq., and W. It land, ' Esq., mouthers for tho City of Sydney; Charles - Cowper, Esq , and William L.nvson, Esq., members for tho County of Cumberland ; Hannibal Hawkins Mnenrthur, Esq , member for Parramatta; T. A. Murray, Esq , mem ber for Murray, King, and Georgiatia ; Dr. Nicholson, Dr. hang, and Captain O'Connetl, members for Port Phillip ; William Bradley, Esq., member for Argyle ; Robert Lowe, Esq., member for St. Vincent and Auckland ; R. , Windeyer, Esq., member for Durham; John Wild. Esq , member for Camden; Patrick ' Grant, E»q., member for the Northumberland Boroughs; William Dumaresq, Esq., member for Hunter, Brishatte, and Bligh ; J. P. Ro binson, Esq , member for Melbourne. George Allen, Esq., J. B. Darvnll, Esq., Thomas Ieely, Esq , John Lamb, Esq., Alexander Berry, Esq., H. W. Parker, Esq. (non-elected members appointed by His Excellency the Governor). new mp.mbf.nS. Patrick Grant, Esq., having been introduced to the Speaker, as the member elected fur the Northumberland horouglts, by Mr. Robinson and Mr. Darvalt, took the oaths and his seat. Captain O'Connell having been introduced to the Speaker by Mr. Cowper and Dr. Ni- rholsnn, as member for Port Phillip, took tho oaths and his seat. The Speaker having communicated to the < .'ouneil the proclamation, appointing Henry Watson Pari: -r, Esq., of Parramatta, a non- cleetive member of the Legislative Council, Mr. Parker was introduced by the Colonial Secretary and the Colonial Treasurer, and nink the oaths and his scat. The Sergennt-nt-arms having announced the .-.(rival of His Excellency, the Speaker and a .umber of members escorted him into the House; when, having taken his seat and re- tested the Speaker to ask the members of the r -.use to be seated, His Excellency opened the . :t.!rtn tvtfli flip ftillftwinrp speech. '! estlf.men of tiif. legislative council — Ti c approaching expiration of some tcmpo- , . though important laws, has compelled me to 11 you together somewhat earlier than it is tt.v.x.i for the Council to meet for the ordinary V.:. ,,iess of the session. 'i .e Jury Laws require your immediate nt- twtT-in. as they will expire on the 30th June vt . if not previously renewed. 'share are other matters — some of them of .--.v . -.iig importance — which it will be my duty to '..ring without delay before you. A - omits of the Receipts and Expenditure : :v public money, during the year 1845, o.avo "ceil prepared and printed. Tho Estimates for 1847 are also in n state of 1 k-v -.rdness. ! These documents, when laid before you, will, 1 Uu.-.r. show that economy continues to bo . .\c.i i ;-?d in every department of the Govern- m .i:! as far as is consistent with tile demands of ti.e public service and the advancing state of ;l. i Colony. i am happy in being able to renew to you the- assurance's of my confidence in the public resources, aod to repeat the declaration which I made to.you at the close of your last session, —that in my opinion, at no time during the ;.wriod:for which I have held the chief admin- i a, ion of the Government hero, have the . c it- si nffuirs 'of .'the colony been in a more -.fid : state than they are at present. Our public, expenditure continues to he within our income ; and, nut withstanding, the great .reduction in the. dutios oh- spirituous liquors, which was effected during your last session, I am happy to say that the revenue derived from the duties of Customs has, during the first quarter of the present year, exceeded that of the corresponding quarter of 1843. At the commencement of your lost Session, I remarked to you, that for tho first time in the history of New South Wales, the value of the exports of the colony had in tho year 1844 : exceeded that of i'e imports. I have now the satisfaction of adding, that tho excess in the ! value of tho exports over that of tho imports I has been more marked in tho yoar last past ! than it was in 1844. I cannot refrain, gen- | tlentcn, in expressing to you the gratification I feel that my administration of the public affairs of New Smith Wales should have been I sufficiently prolonged to enable me, beforo my depart U re, to see the colony restored to a state of prosperity ; nor can I, Gentlemen, address you— as I now, in all probability, do for the last time— without feeling awakened in. me a grateful recollection of the important changes which, under my government, have taken place ! in the social and moral as well as in the poli- ! tical condition of New South Wales— changes which will, 1 trust, be dwelt upon with pride anil satisfaction by you and your descendants long nfter the memory shall have passed away, of less important events, connected with the history of our own times. On'tlie motion of the Colonial SKcnETAHY , j the Council adjourned till three o'clock. The Speakkii to ik the chair at a quarter past three, and tho Council having re-assem- bled, read the Speech of Ills Excellency the ; Governor. coal bill. Mr. Loive gave notice that lie would move on Wednesday next for leave to bring in a Bdl to amend the Act for the sale and delivery of coals. >ta. registrar manning. Mr. Lowe gave notice that he would move on Wednesday " That this Council do adopt the Address to Her Majesty, agreed to by tho ; Select Committee appoiuted in the lu-t Session j ot this Council, of the 0th November, 1845, I a d that the same Address, mutatis mutandis, j he presented to both Houses of Parliament." j Sir. Ai.i.en moved that a Committee be ap pointed to prepare an Address to his Excel lency the Governor, in reply to the speech delivered b. his Excollerfby to the Legi.-lativo Council. Mr. BtiADt.KY seconded the motion. A Committee was then appointed, consisting of Messrs. Allen, Wontworth, Bradley, Ihir- vn'tl, Cowper, the Colonial Secretary, and Dr. Nicholson. .Mr. Allen moved tlut it be an instruction to the CompliUee to report to-morrow. Agreed toff. Mr. CpWrith, gave notice that he would move on TlmrHjJiiy for leave to bring in a Bill to Regulate tho lyivensing of Auctioneers, and tho collection of'Djaties on property sold by auction. Mr. CowrF.a gavi/jjoticc that he would on Thursday move for tHgjippi.iutment of n Com mittee to'eoinplete the etfjjniry which was com menced during last Sesiidn, into the extent and exercise of the powenfm'f Legislation and Taxation possessed by the J.gjjges of the Su preme Court. Mr. Wentwohth gave noticqiat he would move this day " TIiul an Aiblre.ss.43e presented to his Excellency the Gi»veriior£freqiie-ting : him to place upon the Supplementary Esti- i mates for the year a sum of £750 to make up i the Speaker's salary to £'1500 a year, and on next year's estimates a sum not exceeding ; £'1500 for the salary of the Speaker; and to i place on the Supplementary Estimates for this | year a sum of £'250 to make up the salary of I the Chairman of Committees to £'500 a year, j and in next year's estimates a sum not excei d- | ing £'500, for the salary of such Chairman ; and to place on the Supplementary Estimates i for this year a sum of £'lo0, lo make up the : salury of ihe Serjeant-at-Arms to £200 a year. | and on next year's estimate a sum not exceeil- I ing £'200, for the salary of the Serjeant .at- ; Arms. The Council then adjourned. j wp.onf.spay. ; The Council met to- day at three o'clock, i Mr. Romxsox presented a petition from the i Mayor and Council of Mclbuurne, praying j that tho laws against cruelty to animals might | tie brought into operation in this Colony. The I petition was read and received. ! Mr. Allf.n brought up the Address, in re- i ply to His Excellency's speech, prepured-by the ' Committee appointed on Tuesday, which was ! read us follows: — To His Excellency Sir < leorye Gipps, Knight, Captain- General and Govemor-in- Chief of the Territory of New South Wales and its Dependencies, and Vice- Admiral of the same, $rc., frc., $-c. May it fleam! your excellency — Wc, tho Members of the Legislative Council of New South Wales, in Council assembled, desire to express to your Excellency our affection and loyalty to tho person nnd Government of our Most Gracious Sovereign, nnd to offer our thanks for your Excellency's speecli to this Council. In reply to that part of your Excellency's spcoch which informs us that you liavo been com pelled to call u? together sotnowhat earlier than is usual, we beg respectfully to express our opinion that it would be conducive to the conve nience of Members, nnd tho proper despatch of public business, to assemble the Conncil in future at a stated period, even earlier than the present. The Jury Laws shall have our earliest ana best consideration ; but in tho absence of any preciso information as to the nature of tho other tempo rary measures alluded to in your Excellency's speech, we can only pledge ourselves to give them such attention, when brought before us, as tho public interests may appear to require. Tho accounts of receipt and expenditure for the past year, as well as the Estimates for the ensuing one, will also reeeivo our attontive con sideration, as soon as the same may bo laid before us. It is with satisfaction wo learn that economy has been exercised in the public expenditure, con sistent with tho demands of tho public service, and tho advancing state of the Colony. Wo are happy to unite with your Excellency in tho expression of entire confidence iu the public resources of tho Colony, if duly administered ; nnd wo also concur in the belief that its general affairs aro now in a more healthy and prosperous state thnn they have been for some time past. Wo cannot., however, omit the expression of our opinion, Hint thoro can be no guarantee that this prosperity will bo pormnnont, until tlio adminis tration of tho publio lands of tho . Colony bo placed npou a proper basis. We nro happy to find that the low scalo of dutios suggested by this Couneil, nnd assented to by your Excellency during tho last Session, has had the effect contemplated, nnd that tho revenue do- rived from the duties of Customs tins exceeded iff tho first qnnrtcr of tho present yoar that of tho' corresponding quarter of 1815. The anxiety expressed in our opening Address of last -Session, to bo informed ot, the answers of Ilcr Majesty's Government to tlio Addresses transmitted by its on various important questions, . ramnins unabated ; nor can the deep interest which we feel in those quostiotis coaac, until they are settled in a satisfactory manner. We cannot close this Address, without advert ing to tho numerous and important changos which havo occurred during the period of your Excellency's administration, in tho social, moral, and political condition of New South Wales, changes, from some of which, wo nro lod in com mon witli your Excellency, to anticipate the most favourable results. Mr. Allen then moved the adoption of the Address. Mr. Bn adi.f.y seconded the motion ; and a lengthy discussion ensued. Mr. YVentwobth snid he did not intend to oppose the Address; 'yet he would mako a fow observations on tl?q;i>peeeh to which it was in tended to form a reply ; and in so doing, it was not his intention to repeat the attacks he had so frequently made ; but he eouhl not consent that the Address should ho considered as an «t>nHndo!nn nf lli/> nnnwnittll fin tVlO ntlPf ftf ftlP Council of his conduct, as His Excellency evi dently wished ; fur he for one did not identify the Governor with the nascent prosperity of the Colony ; neither would he admit that the present period was one of t)ie most prosperous that had marked His Excellency's administra tion. He was surprised that any person hav ing any pretensions to political science, should consider it a matter of congratulation that our exports had exceeded the value of our imports, which was a complete fnllncy. The reason of such excess was obvious, as a portion of the exports went to pay oft' a portions of a debt and interest owing to the mother country, amounting to £'500,000 a-year. He was therefore surprised that one who hiul nt nil studied poliiicnl economy should congratulate tho Colony on the deep indebtedness hi which it was plunged. When Sir George took tho command in this Colony, individual and publio prosperity was at its height ; hut from that moment tho sun of that prosperity was doomed to set, and a night of depression and calamity commenced. It was true, that during that period, the Legislative Council was culled into being ; and whether it was brought into existence by his Excellency or not, he con sidered it was the only benefit that had been done to the Colony during his administration ; for it had proved an instrument of stemming the torrent of public calamity, and much more | good would have been effected, if some of the j inost important measures of the Council hod not been disallowed by Ills Excellency ; and if the present elevation of the country was not altributablo to the Oouncil, it certainly was not so to the Governor, hut to the irrepressible energies of the Colony. It was, therefoie, unpardonable in His Excellency to assimilate himself with any of the prosperity of the Co lony now enjoyed: and he (Mr. W.) was happy to observe that the Committee had not noticed this point. He denied altogether that tho present condition of .the Oniony was j greater than it hud been since His Excellency's j | disastrous adiusuistration ; for he had checked i I the tide of prosperity at the commencement of | ; his government, hy advocating the discontinn- ance of transportation, and by his recognition of the Wakefiehlian system. Tho train of consequences which followed was well known | to every ono. It checked the influx of capital . to tho Colony, by stopping tin sales of land, : which brought it in; and if Ills Excellency I did not foresee this result, lie was unfit fi.r ; his office. He (Mr \V.) was ready to admit | that the Colony had gained in character what it had lost in pocket ; that the morals of the people had undergone a change for the better, ; and the increase of population was not unat tended with benefit ; but a more calamitous Government than that of Sir George Gipps' never existed. The Colonial Secretary disclaimed all I intention on the part of the Governor to «b- : tain the unqualified approval of the Couneil. The speech had been prepared with great care, in order to avoid cavillings nnil observa tion of any kind. It was natural that the Governor should at the close of his adminis tration allude to the prosperity of the country, hut that state could only he attributable to natural causes. Tho principal cause of the i disasters of the Colony was the low price of wool ; when that article rose in price prosperity was restored ; and should wool again fall, our present prosperity would disappear. The dis continuance of transportation did not proceed from the Governor, but from a Committee of the House of Commons ; and if the colony lost apytbing in labour, it gained it in point of character, and a thousand other was ; and he (the Colonial Secretary) would always use' his endeavours to prevent a recurrence of the system. He repeated that it was not strange that his Excellency should express his satisfac tion at -the improved state of things, but he never assumed having accomplished it by his own exertions. I't was quite clear from a do cument sent to the Council in 1844, that the Governor deplored the individual distresses of the colony, and that he was disposed to do all in his power to relieve thein. The firmness of the Governor in withholding his assent to several of the measures of the Council, was a proof of wisdom — for what would have been the consequence if the Pfanbriefe Bill had passed? Disastrous in the extreme : although he (the Colonial Secretary) considered great credit was due to the hon. and learned mem ber who introduced it — for his endeavours thereby to alleviate the then existing distresses of the Colony. He did not see how it could be a matter of condolence, that the balance of trade wAs in favour of tho Colony. The ox- cess in the nmount of exports in the period re ferred to was upwards of £300,000— an amount which was owing to the Mother- cou.itry ; and happy for the Colony was it that the debt could be so paid, without taking from the country the capital necessary for developing itf resources,.- The high price of land referred to .-by the/honorable and learlted membety had not been jsettled' by thoGovornbr.but hy a Committee of the House of Commons'. After a few further remarks in support of the ge- neral policy of Sir George Gipps, the honorable member roncluded by observing that he should support' the address, although he lamented that it was so cold a production. > Dr. Bland did not consider that much blumc was attributable to His Excellency, shackled as he was, for carrying out tho views of the Home Government, as regarded the discontinuance of assignment, and the adoption of tho Wakefieldian system. Tho former measure was a splendid system of reform; nnd not calculated, in his opinion, to damage, (he character of the Colony. The hon. member then dwelt at some length on the insanity of the Home. Government in discontinuing trans portation, and calling upon this Colony- to send away its capital for the importation of . labour. He considered that it would be wrong to with-, hold from Sir George Gipps du < encomium, for having had the moral courage, in the face of a powerful party, to rescue the Colony from its degraded condition by the establishment of beneficial institutions ; but he (Dr. B ) con tended, nevertheless, that civilizatiou had re trograded, instead of advancing, from the defects in the system of education, as was ap parent by tho decadence of the largo establish, inents connected therewith. The hon, member concluded by observing that the single act of his Excellency, in equalizing the oivil rights of the community, showed that he was n man of benevolence and sagacitv, and ho would pro- bably hare pursued a different course, had he not been shackled as he was hy the Home Go vernment. Ho should vote for the Address, though it was but a negative sort of one. Dr. Lang, in a lengthy speech, animadvert- 1 ed on the Governor's opening speech, which he likened to Scotch punch, and drew a com parison between tho acts of former Governors and those of Sir George, to the disparagement of the latter Ho also enlarged upon the operations of the Insolvent Act, anil the great number of Insolvencies, by which, he averred, British merchants had lost two millions ot money. Tho Atiouney-Gbnbral spoke in support of the administration of Sir George Gipps, nnd observed that it would have been impos- ! sible to fraino an Address to suit some hono- ' rablc members. I Mr. winneyf.it said that his Excellency's j speech must needs have provoked a discfission, containing as it did a sentence implying that the prosperity of the colony was brought about by Sir George Gipps, which, it was clear, could not be the case; for in point of fact the country was not restored to prosperity, as nine- tenths of the population were still in the great est distress. Tho low rate of interest was a proof that no profits wero boin£ made. . It wax true this was a fortunate circumstance, for in conjunction with the rise in the price of wool, it enabled many parties to go on who must otherwise have sunk. — The hon. and learned member, nfter replying to some of the observations tnado by tho Colonial Secretary and the Attorney- General, on the firmness generally displayed by his Excellency, entered into a short history of the Pfanbriefe scheme, which had been alluded to hy the former, and concluded by observing, that his Excellency had adopted it in the issue of debentures. Mr. Lamb could not avoid rising to contra dict the statement of the hon. and rev. member for Port Phillip, that British merchants had i lost two millions by the insolvencies in this I Colony. Their losses did not exceed half a | million. Mr. Darvall said' the hon. and rev. mem- ! ber for Port Phillip, in expressing his commi seration for the British meichants, was en deavouring to secure for himself a' good footing I among the wealthy men in Lombard-street, ns j he was on tho eve of departing for England. . The inference to be drawn from his speech was that tho Colonists might tremble for the an- ' swers of tho hon. and rev. member to the qiic-ttinns those merchants might put to hun. The lion, and learned member concluded by supporting the Address. The Speaker then administered the usual oaths to Henry Dangar, Esq , who took his seat as member for Northumberland. On the motion of Mr. Cowper, Dr. Nichol son was appointed Chairman of Committees for the present Session. I Mr. Lowe obtained leave to bring in a Bill to Amend the laws for the Sale and Deli- j very of Coals. The remainder of the business on the paper | having been postponed, the Council adjourned till Thursday. Thursday, May 14. The Speaker took the. Chair at lmlf-past three o'clock. Mr. Robinson presented a petition from Mr. W. H. Belcher, clerk of Petty Sessions for the town of Melbourne, anil also for the county of Bourke, stating that his salary as appointed by Government was £150 perann.,. hut that it had subsequently been reduced by the Corporation of Melbourne to £120, and praying the Ouuucil, as .they had afforded compensation to the elerks of the Sydney Police Office, they would address his Excel lency to place a sum on the estimates for com pensation of the reductions to which he had been subjected, and restore its salary to its former footing. The petition was read and received. trade to van diemen's land. Mr. Westwobth presented a petition from forty-one master and journeymen tanners and curriers of the City of Sydney, praying that the House would take steps to amend the Act regulating the importations . of merchandise from Van Diemen's Land. The petition stated that as the law nt pre sent stood, the merchandise of Van Diemen's Land was looked upon as foreign merchandise, and as such had been subject to an ad valorem duty of ten per cent. This had led to great frauds in tho trade for kangaroo skins which prevailed. .In Van Diemens Land, from the abundance of the animal, the advantages of convict labo'ur, and the abundance of the tan procurable there, the article of kangaroo skins was obtainable, both cheaper and of better quality, than it was in New South Wales; and whilst the very worst quality of skins were- sent up in the way of trade, in order to avoid the duty, tho hetter 'artfcfe.' was.fotwated to very different articles i qndttyafiTorthe pur- pose of preventing' thesd frauds that tbe peti- | tioners appealed to the OounoiL The petition was read and received. publicans' bill. Mr. W knt worth gave notice that he would move on Tuesday next for leave to bring in a Bill for the better regulation of the sale and Oonsnmption of Spirituous, and Fermented Liquors. tub address. The Colonial Secretary informed the j Speaker that in compliance with the resolu- j tion of the House the Colonial Treasurer and I himself had. waited on his Excellency the Go- > vernor, >'ho hud appointed Friday,' at half- past two o'clock, to receive tho Address of the Council. The Speaker expressed a wish, that as many members as possible would attend. government business. The Colonial Secretary gave notice that ' he would move, on Tuesday next, that that I Wednesdays and Thursdays be the days ap- 1 pointed for tho consideration of Government : business during the Session. i bushrano.ino act. ' ' | The Colonial Secretary gave notice that ho would move on Wednesday next, for leave to bring in a Bill. for the renewal of the Bushrangers Act, for the tettn'of two years. STANDINO-OnpER COMMITTEE. The Colonial Secretary gave notice that on Tuesday next he would move the reappoint ment of the Standing-Order Committee. library committee. Dr. Nicholson gave notice that he would, on Tuesday next move for the re-appointment of the Library Committee. correspondence committee. Mr. Cowper gave notice that he weuld on Tuesday next move for the re-appointinent of the Committee of Correspondence with the Hon Francis Scott, the Parliamentary Agent of the Oouncil. auctioneers license bill Mr. Cowper moved for leave to bring in a Bill to regulate the Licensing of Auctioneers, nnd the collection of duties on property sold by auction. Mr. Robinson seconded the motion. The Colonial Secretary entirely con curred tn the principal of the mensure, although there were Borne of its details in which, when it arrived nt a committee, he should propose to make some slight alterations. Leave granted, and Bill read a first time, and ordered to bo printed and read a second time on Friday next. the judges' power op taxation and legislation. Mr. Cowper moved, that a Select Com mittee be appointed to complete the inquiry which was commenced during the last session, into the extent and exercise of the powers of legislation and taxation possessed by the Judges of the Supreme Court. Mr. Lamb seconded the motion. After some discussion as to a point of order at tlte suggestion of the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Cowper amended his motion for the re appointment of the Committee of the past session. Tho motion so amended was carried. juby laws. Tho Attorney-General postponed his mo tion for leave to bring in a Bill to consolidate and amend the Jury Law till Tuesday next. the speakership. The Speaker, in a very feeling speech, .ail- dressed the House on the subject of his resig nation of office,. This was occasioned, he said, by his increasing infirmities, and not from any thing connected with his salary as Speaker. The hon. mover of the resolution for the in crease of the Speaker's salary would recollect that he (Mr. M'Leay), when waited on with a request that he would continue to hold the office, declared that if there was any increase of sa lary he would not continue in the office another hour. He would, however, postpone his resig nation until after the Address hud been carried up to His Excellency ; when the House would have time to proceed to the election of his suc cessor He thanked hon. members for the defe rence which had always heen shown to his decisions, and the kind and gentlemanly for bearance which had ever been extended to him since he was elected to the Speaker's chair. Mr. Wentworth said that he had formerly voted against the election of Mr M'Leay to the Speakership, because he did not then think that he was qualified for the b'ffice : but he was very happy to confess that he had been greatly mistaken. If the hon. gentleman would not consent to accept an increase of salary, he wuuiu uittii iiiuvu mill juiure ttfjeuiterB miuuiu 1 receive £1500 per annum ; for he considered that the dispatch of public business, woujd thereby he forwarded. It was very .necessary that the Speaker of that House, to enable him to uphold his dignity, should be enabled to give weekly or bi-weekly dinner, parties to the mem bers of the Council, aff those festive meetings had a great influence in forwarding tho despatch of public bu&ir; ess (shouts of laughter). The hon. and-learned member pressed his mo tion in .a' speech of great length, the chief argument of which throughout was the service which the public interest would receive from the Representatives of the-prople being feasted now anil again at the Speaker's hospitable board, which would, of course, be attended | with expenses, not calculated on in the Speaker's present salary of £750 a-year. He ! repudiated the intention of himself becoming a candidate, unless the Speaker was suffered to , tnke part in the debates ; and finally proposed the following resolution : — " That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that His Excellency will be pleased to j place on next year's Estimates a sum not .ex- I seeding £1500 for the salary of Speaker ; and to place on the Supplementary Estimate for this year a sum of £250, to make up the sa lary of Chairman of Committes to £500 a- year ; and on next year's Estimates a sum not exceeding £500 for the salary of Such Chair man ; and to place on the Supplementary Es timate for this year a sum of £100, to make up the salary of toe Sergeant-rat Arms to £200 a-year; and on next year's Estimates a sum not exceeding £200 for the salary of such Sergeant-at-Arms. Sir Maurice O'Connell seconded the resolution. _ HHfrtv Lows felt called on indeed to offer his ' fflHEfflediate and most at renuoua ' protest against iSjBinollon— on behalf of tho. constituency he i/gMBOTreiented. on behalf of the principles which had over joined tho bon. and learned meat- WwHBber in advocating, and he felt almost con- pTljBfi strained to add, on behalf of the hon. and IvSgjHfle-irned member himself. (Hear, hear.) The iLVHKhon. member, it would appear, considered the dignity of the Council involved in the two " dinners a-wcek ; and without these by-wcckly K W banquets tho honor of tho Houso cannot be pvfcjBp preserved, or the Speakership remain an object ambition. He (Mr. Lowe) must beg to differ with the hon. and learned nemhvr, not only in the details he had gone into, but in tho principles on which he hnd sustained his mo- friHP' t'on wo P>8ie lnt ®ww hioney f add to the dignity of that House, or f-f'm '"vest it with that respect which wottbl inako r&'IsP it honorable in tlio eyesof the people. He niust confess that the motion of the lion, mem- I her did require apology, and an apology very I different from that which had been urged in ( fpfeffi. „a fnwnnr bv the hon. member that afternoon. I H ji® He could not reconcile it with the policy which, I painful as it was, the House had fulfilled its I ui«sll duty in adopting, which had cut dawn salaries jy||P And abolished offices, because the expenditure aWk was more than an oppressed and groaning ; community could bear. Ho could never, for hoSSp one» sit dowu to these by-weekly feasts. To 'icSjSK him fancy would ever lie conjuting up sotno 3 bloody Bancho's ghost — shades of displaced police, magistrates and curtailed clerks, to push , 'jWn him from hisseat, while the banquet would '$3 vanish like a fairy feast, leaving nothing but M bones and nshes behind. (Cheers and laugh- ter.) He must, therofore, offer his most cner- Wfl getio opposition to the motion, nnd express his \- regret that it should havo been made at all — i.-Uskw and for a reason which concerned tho hon. and learned mover himself. He had an opi- V nion ,hat ,he dy nrr've when the hon. \- member, retiring from the contentious arena » v S of debate, sated with the strife and applause of political discussion, might havo sought for V ' W repose in tho Choir! After this motion, how i: v 'ffik could such an event tnke place? How could t i l it be said of tho hon. member that ho had V &.) striven to raise the jialury of the Speakership, x.Vyji nnd afterwards slipped into the Chair himself. £ij|jr l He felt sure the House would reject the mo- Wjsfc, which, if carrie 1, be would expect to see ' ' wiS' followed up by two gentlemen with two bills ffi& of fare as candidates— one coaxing a vote with i Mfc champagne, whilst tho other tapped him on the shoulder with burgundy— ono tempting :f .m. them with turtle, whilst the other proffered 'I'm some other recherche delicacy. (Laughter.) Siy.v |w; Captain O'Connell was in favour of the -M resolution. He thought the Speaker should Vm have a salary to enable him tu givo dinner , ® parties to the members of the Council; they j,: Ff conduced much to forward the dispatch of: i/ffd business, by affording opportunities for hon. j f PM members to- smooth away any little asperities 'S-.W that might exist among themselves ; and the > i Speaker should have the means of extending JB his hospitality to foreigners visiting our shores. | i , :ffi Mr. Oowpr.n oppused the motion. i ! Mjt Mr. Murray opposed the motion, which lie i J J thought inconsistent with the policy hitherto ' pursued by tho House in the reduction of sala- , s' ft??- ries and abolition of offices, i Mr. Robinson j) jperted the motion. ''<£ Mr. Lamb oppeked the motion ; utul Doctor feV Bland supported it ;!SS if: Mr. W indryer, in strong terms, opposed the motion. mM Dr. Lano thought that the salary should $ l| not bo less than that of a Puisne Judge. Y :''$£ Mr. Wentworth, finding the sense of the K 'if. House so much against him, quietly withdrew t his motion. | i?'- courts of request. | Mr. Windeyer gave notice that on Tuos- f day next he would ask leave to bring in a Bill ..' to Amend the Law relative to the recovery of l' Small Debts. ; . S;-p: The House adjourned at seven o'clock. 