GLIMPSES AND MYSTERIES. We were married ! I was a very young fiird, and hopped into the trap with all the innoqenpe of the. world requisite a? an ex cuse fpr such an early indiscretion, I, suclcjen|y found myself transform from a remarkably independent young gentleman, who was known only to waiters app bpk'keepers, ana wno n#u nothing tp iai,e care bfbnt the latch-key, —into a citizen, ofthe world ; good tp the goverpipefit for a)l taxes ; tp the parish for all parochiajrate?, extra aqd otherwise,; to the collector of the water- rate, who won't call twice ; -to gas companies, wfiose lamps I had formerly broken ; aijd to the church, for all sorts of regis- teries, christenings and burial fees, &c.; &c.; &c.; I, confess, I was rathpr. startled at firstwhpn I heard, the rattlq of my chains; but like a young colt, I soon g st used to.iuv harness. No young bachelors, of course, have any furniture, except a collapsed portmanteau, and an unlimited number ot boots ; so that my small capital began sensibly to ooze away, under the frequent attacks made upon it for furnishing pur little apartments. Every evening found us dangling round some broker's -shop, buying something which we positively wanted. After the first fortnight this became less frequent; but my experience has taught me that it is a chronic disorder, which appears stronger or weaker through a man's existence, The honeymoon waned, at least the legitimate time allowed, for it had arrived ; but, as yet having no real troubles, and a few pounds left of our little fortunes, we still made very good moonlight, of. our own. My literary employment — 1 don't think I have before mentioned that 1 was an author — varied consi derably; and as I had not been, as it is called by idle men, " i the vein" during my honeymoon, and had lived a life of independence, the reference to our stock of current coin, prompted by the appearance of a forgotten tailor's bill, rather startled us, — " £8 10s.!" We looked at each other, and saw anything but reflected wisdom. We consulted ; we canvassed over the names of friends or relations who we thought might be foolish enough to lend us some money until we could, as it is termed, " turn ourselves round." Almost all of them warned us of our folly in marrying at all, there was a very strong pre text for their refusing to lend us the smallest assistance. My poor little wife, however, at last thought of our aunt, with whom she had resided when a child, and who she knew hail money, but at the same time a s.trong objectipn to part with it. Not withstanding which, she would venture. She wrote intimating our marriage, but saying nothing of our pecuniary difficulties, stating our wisti to come down and embrace her, as she had often pressed my wife to come and reside with her. The word" hus band" looked exceedingly droll written for the first time. We laughed like a giddy boy and girl, and I could see by my wife's glance she secretly wished my whiskers had grown to a more martial size ; but, nil desperandum. We filed the tailor's bill, and waited anxiously to hear from our country relations. Some days passed ; during which time, being both anxious for the expected answer, we found out how many deliveries her Majesty's post-office thought necessary per diem, and knew every one who had letters in the street ; for no genuine post man's knock could by a possibility be perpetrated without its striking our ears. Magipal positive rapid double knocks, never attempted by the most impudent without due authority. Any man who does it irreverently, or jokingly, deserves to be kicked ; he does not know upon what chord of hope or fear he may strike. I am now grown sensitive to its importance ! I remember hur riedly, in a drenching shower; loudly rapping the government tone on a friend's knocker. I bertainly gained my end by having the door quickly opened ; but, having plainly been the cause of such disappointment, I was not only coldly received, but deprived of a courteous invitation to dinner. I was lent an i old cotton umbrella, and sent on my way a wiser man. I A real double-rap at last ! the servant was at the door I be- j lieve first ; but my wife and I were close upon her slip-shod : heels. The servant possibly had an interest in the knock, — it ; might have been for her ; so thought everybody in the house, for heads popped out of all the doors, from the parlour to the garret. It was for us ! — postmark all right! — we bore it off in triumph. With trembling hands and beating hearts we opened it. " Dear Niece, — Your letter startled me. At best you have done an imprudent thing. I was thirty-five before I married your poor dear uncle. I am sorry to say he is fast failing : he will hardly know you. Come down, that I may see your hus band, and consult how we can better a bad thing. Your affec tionate aunt. " Dinah." " P.?. — My kind respects to your husband." " My kind respects to your husband" — a rapid thought passed through my mind. 1 felt by anticipation what she would think of her niece's magnificent protector. The letter dropped upon the table, and released a fight flutterer from its folds. " Hy. Hase and Co. — jglO." Genuine kind old soul ! We were soon deep in the mysteries of packing ; at which my wife far sur passed me ; my only practice hitherto having been getting as many things, with the aid of my foot, into a carpet-bag as possible. The packing over, we trotted off to inspect railway-bills with all the delight and importance of young travellers, and as is mostly the case, found that the company would put us down in the middle of some field very far from where we wanted to go. However, we had no alternative, and were obliged quietly to travel by the railway, all the stage-eoaches being " but things that were." Their melancholy memorials may any day be seen at the stage-coach cemetery near St. Martin's-le-Grand. We were to get to the train at an early, hour in the morning ; and had it been necessary to go much earlier we should have been ready, for we tiever during the whole night closed our eyes. The time at length arrived, and we got to the station consider ably before the stated time ; but, notwithstanding this, we were much alarmed on our way lest we should be too late, and the train go off without us. We felt what is usually felt by novices, great anxiety about our luggage ; and, what with the rushing of steam and the demon whistle, we were completely bewildered. At last we were quietly resigned to the hands of an official, who locked us up in one of the carriages. The journey was accompanied, like all railway journeys are, — as I have found by much experience, — with screaming, hurry ing, bumping through very damp tunnels, a shockingly smeared landscape, and execrable smells, as though some gianl's.candle were blown out. The end being almost the beginning, your journey is certainly soon over. We had now reached our des tined place, and found ourselves in the midst of a pretty land.- scape, at a magnificent Gothic station, which appeared much too large for the red-headed young gentleman clerk, and the very green porter, who seemed the only occupants. Beside the embankment slept a young native in a wheelbarrow, who was soon wide-awake enough to seize upon our boxes, and guide us to the nearest village, from wbiph our aunt's hopse was eleven miles. We entered the village, which had the usual supply of vpry white-headed, children, ai d olfi men leaning against walls. Our guide rattled his single wheel with a very imposing effject iijto the quadrangle of a magnificent inn ; the grass grew over the stones, and the dog slept uppn the door-step. He seeiped jujst to half open his eyes, and look at, the wheelbarrow, Ehd close them wit|i philosophical contempt, as though £e thought it not worth his while to distort) his, master, the landlord, for guests, so insignificant, as us. Our guide thought dif ferently, for he soon began to call about him, and Brought the landlord and. his wife from an opposite gaideu, where they were digging potatoes. The excitement became alarming, — a post-chaise wanted ! The hpst pulled wildly at the hostler's bell, which, choked with the ivy, signally fiuled in it? attempts to ring ; bqt, However, it made sufficient noise to bring a decre pit old man in a white hat, long smock-ifrock, and boots, from the tap. This was the postboy. His boots were scrupulously clean, but patched beyond belief ; the postbpy guard was buckled over his right leg, as if he, as in the days of old, really expected his turn. He was too old to emigrate with the younger men, so remained at his post to pass away bit by bit with the only chaise and pair left upon the once popular road. The whole village became busy ; the brushings and rubbings were very en tertaining to behold. Everybody would do something. The brass on the old whip gleamed under the hand of one old man, while another toddled off for his best white hat fpr his chum. The postboy's wife, who became at once somebody, was busied in nearly choking her husband with the mysterious ties of the handkerchief, only known to the craft. At last all was ready ; the boxes corded : the door slammed. Crack went the whip ! The boys cheered ; and we rattled away from the throng. The day drew rapidly to a close as we bumped along the un frequented roads. The landscape became cold and blue, like the celebrated Chinese one on our dinner-plates. A dulness tell upon the spirits of both of us as we listened to the low moaning wind, and a nervousness, natural to our situation, crept gradually over us. The postboy pulled up on the summit of a hill, and pointed out to us in the distant valley the isolated house to which we were going, — its tall gables stood primly up in the evening sky, and its cold white face Seemed to be staring at us from the distance. The dark furs made a solemn and un pleasant background to the old place, which seemed to promise but very little comfort to poor wanderers. I shivered as I looked upon its unpromising aspect, and pressed my little wife to my side, whose spirits were more subdued the nearer we ap proached the house. The old entrance gate was swinging back, and we bowled softly over the dried leaves which lay thickly over the road, as we pulled up at the door ; it was opened by an old servant wo man, who, curtseying lowly, led us into a side-room, and went to seek her mistress. We exchanged lookfe, as well as the deepening twilight permitted us, which plainly said " Here we are !" The room was thickly panelled with dark oak, and con tained a gaping fire-place and dog-irons, polished most bril liantly, upon which I believed no burning logs could have ever reflected ; the chairs were all carefully covered and taped ; their backs were alarmingly long and straight, but their legs equally short and bandy, with their toes turned out in the most prig gish manner. One side of the room was occupied by one pf tliose long-forgotten instrumnts Halled a spinet, in the shape of a magnified mutton chop, arid the other by a table with a good many more legs than it could by any possibility want. The minutes appeared hours; when a rustling of silk started our nerves and made onr hearts beat a violent tattoo ; the door opened — " Our aunt !" We rose as the tall, painfully upright figure approached us. She embraced my wife, who, as a matter of course, cried, while I stood still to be kissed upon the fore head — which left an impression very like that which would be left after the application of the cold knob of a steel poker to the part. Her cold blue eyes wandered palpably over us both. I felt them creep from my boots to the crown of my head. I was positively mesmerised! She conducted us from the room into an adjoining chamber, where, beside a large log-fire, was seated a heavy-looking man, who only answered our greeting by a vacant stare ; this was our uncle, at least all that was left of him, for he was quite imbecile ; beside him sat a little grey-headed, pippin- faced man, dressed snugly in black ; this was the curate of the adjoining village. He rose at our entrance and bowed solemnly. We placed our chairs round the small tea-table, and took some refreshments, nearly in solemn silence, for a mutual embarrassment seemed to chill us all, and I felt myself com pletely under the influence of my aunt's eyes and the continued ; stare of her poor husband, who was dreaming and puzzling in the corner over our appearance. The meal was soon ended, and my aunt retired with my wife to have a no very enviable cross-examination as to my rent-roll, &c.; The little parson, after arranging the flannel aud footstool of my uncle, who appeared quite helpless, turned to an old book case, and brought forth a heavy- looking volume, which he com menced reading, after sundry rubbings of his little tortoise-sheil spectacles. I presume my juvenile appearance promised but very little information to his erudite mind ; everything in the house was done with a kind of cat-like quickness. 1 followed the little parson's example, and was soon buried in the perusal of an old black-letter book, entitled " 0TUC Attounts, hp tf)£ 1£B<=fcHtne8ses, of Apparitions, SStarnings, See., collected hp a bebout ICabp of Bristol." After reading for some long time, I was disturbed in the midst of a harrowing tale by the entrance of the woman- servant, accompanied by a rustic'serving-man, who wheeled my uncle in his chair out of the room preparatory to putting him to bed. As he made his curious exit, he kept his lustreless eyes upon me, as if some inward astonishment was going on at my appearance. I placed the book upon the table, not a whit the more com fortable for the perusal of it, and begun to wonder at the pro longed absence of my wife, and the taciturnity of the clerical book- worm opposite, when, much to my relief, the door ofthe room opened, and she entered. She said it was quite time I retired for the night, and that the servant would presently show me to my room ; but that her aunt had yet much to say to her, which would delay her for some time. This account I received with a very ill grace ; for the whole evening had tended much to make me nervous and low spirited, and I looked to wards the little parson with a shrug of disapprobation, which my wife perceiving, smiled, and informed me that the little man was as deaf as a post. . She left me: and, the servant soon after entering the room, I nodded to my silent friend, and followed her to my chamber, which we gained after threading passages of the most eccentric ups- rand-downs and sinuosities. She threw open the door, and showed me a large rambling- looking oak room, with' a bed at the further end large enough for a respectable-sized family which, with heavy draperies, looked very dark and solemn. I wished her good- night and was alone. Now, I was not a believer in ghosts. I bad never seen one. I had a cousin who had ; but he was given to drinking, and died of " delirium tremens," so too much faith could not be pinned upon his story. Besides, his ghost, after all, was of a very low comic order. The very curious variety introduced into ghost-stories has tended more to shake my faith than anything .else; for we constantly hear of an immaterial ghost tapping with his knuckles against wainscots, or taking a gentleman's ehair at a convivial meeting without invitation. Another old curmudgeon's ghost will dislodge every tenant by his disagree able behaviour when he can no longer take the rents himself. Again, you will meet a ghost who is very particular about where his body lies, and will not be buried by his murderer in a field ; but insists upon being decently interred, and having the paro chial fees paid. And you constantly fall over your " breach-of- promise-of - marriage ghost," who pops in just in the nick of time, and nibbles the false and treacherous. But, notwithstand ing all these discrepancies, there is always a lurking doubt creeps into a man's mind when he is in a state of loneliness. I certainly began to feel a doubt of my doubt, and a strong de sire to look under the bed, but did not do it; and a great wish that the large dark doors of the wardrobe were wide open, that I might look full into the interior. I undressed very quickly, and leaped into the bed, which received me like the waves of the sea, and I was swallowed up in an ocean of down. I snug gled down with that congratulatory shudder that all timid people feel when they gain any imaginary security ; but, alas 1 with me it lasted but for a very short time, for my mind began .to conjure up all kinds of imaginary horrors ; and the whole of my evening's reading became as it were animated, and the mys terious dramatis personal passed like a frightful phantasmagoria upon the dark curtains of the bed. If I closed my eyes, 1 thought of the. death-band that belonged to nohody, which tweaked the noses of the sleepers between its icy finger and thumb, so that it never recovered its warmth ; or the skeleton lady, who stood beside your bed, and amused you by pulling jberself to pieces, and counting her bones on the counterpane antil she buried you beneath their weight. All this, and more, .kept galloping through my brain, until every fibre of my body seemed to feel its own particular business to make me uncom fortable. How I did wish to hear the footfall of my wife, to dispel the illusion.; but she did not come. My ears grew larger and larger under the operation of listening. At last 1 listened to some purpose. I won't say what 1 felt ! — it must be . — it was a ticking 1 My heart beat thick and heavy ; it appeared to pulsate in the very bolster under me. The wind gave a pro longed moan ; then rushed wildly by the window. I determined tojump up ami dress myseii. uue leg was qui w iuc ueu, wuen rbe candle gave two or three dancing blue flashes, as long as a walking-stick, and then expired, leaving me in total darkness. My leg was iu bed again in what is understood by "no time," and I shrank up so small that 1 am sure 1 could have got into my own carpet-bag without rumpling myself. In vain I struggled against the horror that was, with a slow, .chilly hand, fast creeping over me ; my mind had no power over my body ; a supernatural influence seemed to completely chain my imagination and fetter my limbs— the mysterious napping and ticking continued. The death watch! A sigh seemed to be breathless close to my ear ! I listened, for I could not resist it, and my elosed eyes seemed gifted with the power M sight even in the darkness, for myriads of jibbering figures floated by, of every fantastic form, distinct yet indistinct, like moats in a sunbeam. A cracking sound, loud and distinct, rang through the cham ber; I eowered beneath the bed-clothes, and a cold bath of fear spread ever my body. How 1 wished for the power to spring from the bed and rush from the room ; but the darkness around was filled by my imagination with a cordon of horrors which made it impossible : I expe.cted eyery moment to feel the bed clothes torn forcibly from my grasp by some horrible spectre. My memory like an officious librarian opeped and thrust be fore me all the .volumes of horrible tales that 1 had rea,d in my boyhood ; I seemed to have twenty memories, for the torment ing lines whirled past as if wound off on a reel. How extraordi nary a quickener of the memory and thought is fear or imminent danger. In one moment you review a whole life, or think through a circulating library of horrors. I endeavoured to force my mind to take another course ; I thought of my aunt— a complete failure ! for her stately figure was transformed, by my mischievous imagination, into a form three times as long and three times as stiff, and her blue eyes glanced upon me like the coloured bulbs in a doctor's shop win dow; the imbecile face of my uncle appeared to press itself close ,to mine. Fear has its courage in desperation j mine had ar rived at this pitch, for I started up, and seizing the curtains to pluck them asunder, was nearly paralysed by finding the dark ness suddenly changed into a supernatural blaze of light which illuminated the .whole chamber ; a momentary pause, and I re covered courage ; I tore the curtains asunder, determined to - face the worst, and beheld, in the wide-mouthed gaping chimney a blazing turfkre / .' The ghosts all vanished as effectually as if it had been cock- crow ; the fire had been laid with a live turf and covered to smoulder on until bed-time, as is the custom of the country ; the cracking, hissing, and other sounds, clothed by my distempered .brain and nervous temperament with superna tural attributes, were all accounted tor. I remained for a time laughing actually at myself, when another light gladdened the chamber, carried by my wife, who started back with astonishment at my odd appearance. 1 was half-ashamed, but did confess that 1 had been alarmed; and in return I got heartily laughed at, but considerably' cheered by the result of my wife's chat with ber auqt, which entirely relieved us from anxiety for the future, and enabled me some few years after to write this nervous nar rative in a very easy arm-chair. 1 should have made it much longer, but our eldest boy, who, by the bye, is spoilt by his aunt, has upset the inkstand. 