PIRATES AND POTATOES. (From the Liverpool Albion, Oct. 27.) Most persons have heard of the legendary history which describes the introduction of the cultivation of the potato crop into Europe. It is said that Sir Walter Raleigh, to whom large grants of forfeited estates had been made in the south of Ireland, brought from South America the seeds of several new esculents, which he planted in his garden at Myrtle Grove, a seat which had been originally the residence of the master of the college established in Youghal soon after the Anglo-Norman conquest. There is abundant evidence to prove that Raleigh valued the lands which he obtained on the banks of the Blackwater, and par- ticularly those near the town of Youghal, more than any of the other estates he received. Youghal harbour, possessing a safe and good anchorage, easily accessible from the Atlantic, and scarcely known by name to the nations of Europe, afforded a safe depot for the plunder which the buc- caneers obtained from the Spaniards ; and there is no doubt now that Raleigh's con- nexion with the buccaneers was continued long after he had entered the service of Elizabeth. Nothing is more remarkable in the English buccaneers, many of whom were young men of good family, than the care which they took to destroy every scrap of paper or memorandum which could preserve the history of their proceedings. Sir Walter Scott describes Phillip of Mortham, in the poem of Rokeby, as a desperate pirate in his early days, and a most rigid puritan in later years. Tradition relates the same change in many of Raleigh's associates, who settled under his patronage on the banks of the Blackwater: they were most of them young adventurers from Devonshire and the vicinity of Bristol ; and the shortness and comparative safety of the voyage from Youghal to Bristol was probably a strong recommendation of Raleigh's settlement. The ferocious practices ascribed to the buc- caneers in the American seas were not aban- doned when they made Youghal their Euro- pean depot. The legends of the peasantry point out several spots ou the seacoast wbere Spaniards were murdered and burned to prevent their telling tales of cruelty aud robbery, or where a negro was slaughtered that his grisly ghost might defend a hidden treasure. It is said, when the potatoes first grew to maturity, the original cultivator tried to use the seed apple ; but that finding this to yield no nutriment, he ordered the roots to be dug up and thrown away. When this was done the true potatoes were discovered ; and from thenceforth they began to be regularly cultivated. From the time of Elizabeth to the close of the war of the revolution, the valley of the Blackwater was the scene of obscure and petty warfare between the English settlers, brought over by Raleigh and the first Earl of Cork, and the native Irish. One result of the barbarous hostilities was the frequent burning of the uncut harvest; and the great advantage derived from the culture of the potatoe was, that the crop could not be fired. The progress of the cultivation, however, was very slow and imperceptible. It may surprise many to learn, that the esculent was long viewed with dislike by the native Irish, and that the use of it was deemed character- istic of the English settler. In the Crom- wellian wars the cultivation of the potatoe appears to have rapidly increased. It was found that the crop was not only safe from the danger of flame, but that its difficulty of transport saved it frequently from military requisitions, and that it derived further pro- tection from the ease and safety with which it would be preserved in pits. Indeed, pits dug in the earth are to this day the ordinary potatoe stores of the Irish peasantry. The revolution by which the food of an entire population was changed must have been slow and gradual. Potatoes had not become the staple esculents in the early part of the last century, for they are scarcely noticed by the satirical author of " Gillio's Feast." It was not until the operation of the penal laws began to substitute a cottier tenantry for a middle class of farmers that potatoes, which admit of careless and slovenly cultivation, were substituted for corn, which requires the application of some skill and capital to yield a remunerative return. It was because the potatoe could be raised, though imperfectly, under the worst possible management, that it was denominated by the Royal Agricultural Society of Ireland, " The Upas Tree of Irish agriculture." The following account of the potatoe is ex- tracted from " Duncan's Philosophy ot the Seasons": " The potatoe plant seems first to have been introduced into Britain by Sir Walter Raleigh, in the reign of Queen Elizabeth ; but, for more than.a century, its cultivation was exceedingly confined, owing, probably, to erroneous modes of rearing it, and to an improper mode of preparing it for food. In the reign of James the First this root was considered a great rarity, and sold so dear as two shillings per pound ; and even so late as the beginning of last century it seems not to have entered into the lists of agricultural produce. Braddy, who wrote about the year 1720, and who treated expressly of new im- provements in horticulture, says of potatoes: ' They are of less note than horseradish, scor- zonera, beets, and skerrit ; but, as they are not without their admirers, I will not pass them by in silence.' " The district of England where the potatoe was first generally cultivated seems to have been Lancashire ; and about the same time it was introduced to general use in Scotland. In 1728 a day-labourer, of the name of Prentice, living near Kilsyth, in Stirlingshire, successfully raised a crop of potatoes on a little plot of ground attached to his cottage, and was fortunate enough to call the atten- tion of his neighbours to the value of this hitherto neglected vegetable. By the annual sale of his produce he soon realised what was to him a fortune, the sum of £200; and, meanwhile, the public attention being called to the plant, it gradually made its way. It is not, however, till after the year 1743, which was remarkable as a season of scarcity, that it became to be generally cultivated as a regular branch of field husbandry. I very well remember a near relative of mine men- tioning an anecdote which showed that so late as the year 1755 or 1756 the potatoe was still a rarity in Wigtonshire. This incident was, that a lady had brought some potatoes in her pocket to church on Sunday, to present to a friend as something quite new; but, the string of her pocket break- ing as she was in the act of going out on the dismissal of the congregation, she lost her burden in the passage, which created considerable speculation. In England, with the exception of Lancashire, the progress of this esculent into general cultivation was still slower. It was known in Yorkshire only as a garden plant down to 1760; and, in Somersetshire, we must date its introduction as an article of farm produce at least ten years later. After this period, however, the value of the potatoe came to be very gene- rally appreciated ; and in the county of Essex alone, no fewer than 1,700 acres were planted with this root for the supply of the London market. Potatoes seem to have found their way into the continent of Europe at a considerably later period than in Eng- land ; but they came rapidly into common use. and we may date their general cultiva- tion there from about the middle of last century." 