OF THE PROPERTIES AND COMPOSITION OF MILK. from Johnson's Agricultural Chemistry.) MILK, is a white opaque liquid, possessed of a slight but peculiar odour. It is heavier than water, usually in the proportion of 105 to 100' When left at rest for a number of hours, it separates into two portions-the cream, which rises to the surface, and the thinner dreamless I milk on which it floats. When the whole milk or the cream alone is agitated in a churn, the fatty part of the milk separates in the form of butter, while the milk itself butter milk becomes slightly sour. If left to itself for several days milk yours and candles, and if in this state it be placed upon a linen cloth-the liquid part or whey, will pass through, while the curd or cheesy part will remain on the cloth. The same effect is produced more rapidly by adding vinegar to the milk, or muriatic acid (spirit of salt) or rennet. In Holland the milk is sometimes curdled for the manufacture of cheese by the addition of muriatic acid; but in most countries rennet is employed for this purpose. When exposed to the air for a length of time, milk begins to purify and to ferment. It becomes disagreeable to the taste, emits on offensive smell, and ceases to be a wholesome article of food. The milk of nearly all animals contains the some ingredients cheesy matter or casein, butter, milk sugar, and saline matter, but in different proportions. The best known varieties of milk consist chiefly of Cow. Ass. Goat. Ewe casein (or curd) 45 18 4 4 5, Butter 31 0-1 3-3 4-2 Milk Sugar _ 48 6-1 5-8 5-0 Saline matter 0 6 0-3 0 6 97 Water. 870 91-7 867 85 100 100 100 100 The milk of the ass contains also much less butter than any of the other varieties above mentioned, and hence probably its peculiar fit- ness for invalids. VISIT OF SIR H. FANE TO THE RAJAH OF L.UIORC.-To-day begins the Seikh festival of the Iloli, or rejoicing at the commencement of spring. The Rajah expressed a wish that the General would come and be present at a part of the ceremony, at his tents. He accordingly went, accompanied only by us of the personal staff, and a most extraordinary scene it was. We found him seated, surrounded as usual by his Court, and for the first time the guard of Amazons, some thirty or forty in number, many of them very pretty, armed with bows and arrows, which they drew the moment we made our appearance in the most warlike style. This corps is one formed of ladies, and which has been often previously mentioned in the works on India, but till this occasion they never made their appearance in our presence. Whether in presence of an enemy they would be found equally bold I know not, but in that of the old Chieftain they dared to do and say in a way that none of his most favourite courtiers ventured to attempt. In front of every chair were small baskets heaped one above another, full of small brittle bella filled with red powder. We were all holding our sides with laughter at the Chief bowing to all this, wondering the mean- ing of it, when our mirth was changed into grief at having one eye nearly put out by a long bearded gentleman opposite, who deliberately threw a ball filled with red powder into one eye, while another facetious youth closed up the other with Saffron soup. The origin of this ceremony I am not sufficiently acquainted with Hindoo mythology to explain, but the custom of throwing red powder about is universal among that sect throughout India, and our servants, though prevented by respect from actually committing the atrocity, still bring round a plate with some of it at this season, and expect a present in return. Runjeet, himself,>Beemcd to enjoy the fun as much as any one, and though few of the courtiers aimed at him personally, this did not prevent his taking an occasional shot himself, his being more particularly directed against an Affghan ambassador just arrived at his court, from Candahar. This poor man was dressed in his best, his beard combed and dyed to a nicety, his feet well tucked under him, and his face drilled to a grave diplomatic cast. Never have before been the festival of the hole, he had not the smallest idea what he had to expect, and his look of astonishment at a ball of red dust being shaved at his eye, and his horror when his beard was turned to a bright I saffron colour I shall long remember. This soon turned all our ammunition on him, and first one eye and then another was closed up, till at length he was fairly beat out of his etiquette, and took to his heels amidst a roar of laughter from all our party. The battle raged for more than an hour, during which neither the Commander-in-Chief nor the Amazons came off scot free and by the time we all got up to return home, the honorable society of London chimney sweeps would have turned us out as too dirty for their society, Five Years in India, by Sir Henry Fane. MAURITIUS. Very little appears to be generally known of this beautiful island, and yet it is inferior to few places in productiveness of soil and scenic attraction. Within the circumference of ninety miles it embraces almost every variety of surface, from the low and rich plains to the rugged and inaccessible peaks crowning the lofty and picturesque ranges of mountains which intersect it from shore to shore. The I deep ravines which everywhere intercept the traveller who wanders from the beaten tracks, seem to be the result of convulsive readings of the plains and table land, and abound in streams which dash over the precipitous edges in a succession of cataracts many hundred feet in height, till they reach the sea. Nature has clothed this island in a garb of luxuriant vegetation peculiar to a tropical country. The great variety of climate embraced by a range of 2000 feet from the level of the ocean to the more elevated parts of the island is favourable for the cultivation of seeds and plants from every part of the world. A ride of two hours will carry the visitor from plains covered ' with sugar canes, the clove and spice tree, pine apple and banana, to a region where he will see wheat, European fruits, and vegetables of old England. Beneath this gay covering, the geologist will find an interesting field for research and specula- tion on the mighty forces which must, at some early period of the world, have been in terrible activity, as is evinced by the yawning chasms, rivers mountains, and silent craters. Here may be traced the successive stratification formed by a sub-marine volcano, to which alone can be attributed the singular positions of many of the higher peaks of the mountains, such as the Peter Bott. Nor did those agencies cease with that great effort which left a blackened heap of lava overlooking the waters of the ocean, for there is ample proof of the recurrence of volcanic action in the eruptions of basalt, forming the gentle slopes and smooth plains now studded with the habitations of man. . . * . It is surprising how quickly the traces of hurricanes are ef- faced from the cultivated parts of the country by the energy of tropical vegetation and the activity of human industry. It is somewhat different, however, in those parts which are abandoned to the dominion of nature, where the visitor will find in- delible traces of the storms. The forests are strewed with the trunks of vast trees, which had resisted the elements till they attained a magnitude which might seem to defy further assaults. So quickly are the wrecks of these noble trees overrun by exuberant vegation, that their very existence escapes the notice of the careless traveller. But let those who desire to witness the effects of bygone hurricanes visit the clearances recently made by the emancipated blacks amongst the recesses of the woods. Even without quitting the paths that intersect the truly primeval forests of the Isle of France, the stranger will find his attention arrested by groups of gigantic trunks, made bare and branchless by successive storms, which are seen towering far above the rounded green summits of the younger trees. Nor is the effect diminished by the numerous and beautiful creeping plants peculiar to the island, which, clasping these rivers giants of the forest, ascend to the highest point, and are seen waving gracefully in the breeze, or stretching in festoons to the neighbouring branches. Town's Inquiry into the Nature and Course of Storms. THE BORNEO PIRATES The pirates on the coast of Borneo may be classed into those who make long voyages in large heavy-armed prahus, such as the Illanuns, Balagnini, &c;, and the lighter Dyak pests, which make short but destructive excursions in swift prahus, and seek to surprise rather than openly to attack their prey. A third, and probably the worst class, are usually half-bred Arab Series, who, possessing themselves of the territory of some Malay state, form a nucleus for piracy, a rendezvous and market for all the roving fleets, and although occasionally sending out their own followers, they more frequently seek profit by making advances in food, arms, and gunpowder, to all who will agree to repay them at an exorbitant rate, in slaves. The Dyaks of Sarebus and Sakarran, were under the influence of the two Arab Beriffs, who employed them on piratical excursions, and shared in equal parts the plunder obtained. I had once the opportunity of counting ninety-eight boats about to start on a cruise and reckoning the crew of each boat but the moderate average of twenty-five men, it gives a body of 2,150 men on ft piratical excursion, The piracy of those ArabSeiiffs and their Dyaks is so notorious, that it is needless to detail them here ; but one curious feature which throws a light on the state of society, I cannot forbear mentioning. On all occasions of aDjnk fleet being about to make a piratical excursion, a gong was bent i and the town, ordering a particular number of Malays to embark, and, in case any one failed to obey, he was fined the sum of thirty rupees by the scruff of the place The blow struck by Captain Keppel, of her majesty s ship Dub, on these two communities, was so decisive as to have put on entire end to their pirates, the leaders, sheriff Sahib and Senff Muller, have fled, the Malay population has been dispersed s and the Dyakssofar humbled as to sue for protection, and in future, by substituting local Malay rulers of good character in lieu of the piratical senses, a check will be placed on the books, and they may be broken off their their piratical habits, in as far as interfere! with the trade of the coast. I he next pirate horde we meet with is a mixed community of Illinois and Badjovvs (or sea gipsies) located atlampasuk, a few miles up a small river, they are not formidable in number, and their depredations are chiefly committed on the Spanish territory , their market until recently being Bruni, or Borneo Proper They might readily be dispersed and driven back to their own country, and the Desuns, or villagers (as the name signifies), might be protected and encouraged sheriff Houseman, a half-bred Arab, is located in Malludu Bay, and has, by account, from fifteen hundred to two thousand men with him. He is beyond doubt a pirate direct and indirect, and occasionally commands excursions in person, or employs the filaments of Tampasuk, and others to the eastward, who for their own convenience make common cause with him He has no pretensions to the territory he occupies, and the authority he exerts (by means of the piratical force) over the interior tribes in his vicinity, and on the island of Palawan, is of the worst and most oppressive description This series has | probably never come in contact with any 1 Europeans, and consequently openly professes to hold their power in scorn, at my own knowledge Senff Houseman seized and sold into slavery a boat's crew (about twenty men of the Sultana, a merchant ship, which was burned in the Palawan passage Within the last few months he has plundered and burned an European vessel stranded near the Mungal Isles and to show his entire independence of control, his contempt for European power, and his determination to continue in his present course, he has threatened to attack the city of Drum in consequence of the Bruni Government having entered into a treaty with Her Majesty's Government for the discouragement and suppression of piracy ' - Journal of Mr, Brooke, Rajah of Sarawak, in Borneo. HABITS OF THE OTTUI : Lot us take a glance at the other, by far the most destructive enemy of the grown salmon, and spoiling most effectually the angler's sport, for when you find the fresh trail of another about a pool in the morning, you need not fish in it for hours, not a fish will stir , so much has their enemy frightened those he has not destroyed He is a silent and seldom seen creature, whose habits are but little known An unobservant angler may fish a whole season on a river swarming with others, and never see one Keeping perfectly quiet all day in a concealed hole, having perhaps its only entrance underwater, he issues out after dusk, and glides like a ghost down the river to feed. He is an epicure in lust diet, and kills many a salmon for a single meal, eating only a morsel under the throat, and leaving the remainder for crows and ravens Indeed the lordly eagle does not disdain the leavings of the other The largest we have ever seen was shot while feeding on a salmon killed by an offer It was a white-tailed eagle, but the golden eagle has the same taste in this respect. When he has fLd to satiety, the other returns us noiselessly to his men as he left it, and generally before day time If you come upon him on the bank unawares, he instantly glides into the water, making scarcely a ripple, and sink- ing to the but to try, lies looking like a log of wood till you pass, when rising he gets his nose above water among weeds or branches, or in the concealment of some overhanging bank. I then, if you have your gun, rush by a circuit to the shallow at the tail of the stream, and wait patiently for he will undoubtedly show himself there if you remain quiet. When disturbed, they take down the stream, seeming to know that, floating down it, they are less conspicuous than if s wimmg against it Down he comes, drifting mostly under water, looking like a rag on a bundle of weeds, till the water becomes so shallow that he must needs font it and then he walks quietly, as he does every thing I then you have him at your mercy. But woe to the dog that attacks him' The teeth of the offer close on him and held on with the grip of a bull dog their sense of smell is very acute. Sometimes, when suspecting danger, but not too much alarmed, the other will lift himself half out of the water, and standing as it were upright, watch for a time in the direction he expects an enemy, then sink without the smallest splash. ' It is in this attitude that he has furnished the pratt type To the superstitious Highlander, of the " kelpie," or water pint Others are very affectionate, and laying down a dead one on the river bank is a sure way of attracting other offers to the place If caught young, no animal is more easily tamed, and they may be trained to fish for their master Though the offer will seldom crime to a bait he is easily trapped, from his habit of coming out of the water generally at the same places Your trap must be strong, however, and firmly fires, unless you prefer attaching it to a log, which the poor beast, when caught, drags into the river, and winch, floating on the stream, generally drown him, but surely shows his position Audubon, who knew the creature's habits well, has painted an offer in the act of gnawing off its legs to liberate itself from the trap-door (eily Ren w 