LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. On the 19th August we were enabled to furnish a brief account of a collision between a small overland party and a tribe of blacks on the banks of the River Murray, in which recontre a man belonging to the over- land party was slain. We are enabled more fully to state the particulars. Mr Thomas Johnson, the "one- armed man" formerly mentioned, long resident at Yass, in New South Wales, and to whom fourteen horses and fifty-one head of cattle of the overland herd belonged, has been kind enough to furnish us with the following interesting recital. The party of six, including the nar- rator, Henry Jarvis, George Jarvis, John Jones, George Britcher, and Herbert Elder, were travelling in charge of, cattle, horses, and provision dray, belonging to himself and Elder, and bound to Adelaide, when, on the morn- ing of the 27th June, Henry Jarvis and George Jarvis rode away from the party, and were expected to return in vain all that day and night. On the 28th the reduced party encamped at a place called Mount Dispersion, whence they could hear the sound of an encampment of blacks at some distance off, on the line of march. On the following morning Johnson intimated his desire to George Britcher that they should not proceed until his father-in-law, Henry Jarvis, and his brother-in-law, George Jarvis, had rejoined them. Bridges said he would not wait, and "hoped they would get a good starving, as they had no business away." They started accordingly, and soon arrived at the blacks' encampment. Four or five natives only were perceptible, and these they passed without speaking to. They travelled three or four miles along the bank of the Murray, followed by the blacks, the river being on one hand, and a thick scrub on the other. On crossing a creek, they stopped for a few minutes to see what the blacks were following them for. In a little time they started again, when the blacks cooeyed, and there arose forty or fifty more from the bank of the river and the creek, making a terrifying roar or shout. Upon this, Elder, Bridges, and Jones took their arms, and stood alongside the dray ; Mr John- son was with the cattle in advance, and all he could see, on looking round, was, that the blacks with their spears and war implements had advanced to within about ten rods of the dray, where they maintained their terrifying roar without advancing nearer. Mr Johnson walked from the cattle towards the dray: but before he could reach it Jones had fired a shot, which, however, he said was an accidental one. Britcher having expressed his determination to proceed, Mr Johnson returned to the cattle, and caught his horse, which was the only one saddled. By this time Elder had joined him alongside the cattle, which some dogs belonging to the blacks were attacking; but they were got rid of without having scattered the cattle. On looking round towards the dray, Mr Johnson saw Britcher handing some beef to the blacks, and observed that as he turned from them they speared him through the back and under the right arm, and he fell to the ground. Elder and Jones were no longer visible, and he concluded they had been speared too. Mr Johnson rode a little way to the right, and could then see the blacks had full possession of the dray. He now saw an unarmed black coming towards him, but seeing he was followed by two others with a spear each, he turned his horse's head to cross a creek; but before he had accomplished the passage, a spear passed over his head, and lodged in the opposite bank. Thence he looked again, and saw the former contents of the dray upon the ground, also the speared man, whose dying groans were audible: but could see nothing of Elder or Jones. Mr Johnson being utterly at a loss to determine what he could do, remained where he stood for some time; and having prayed to God to direct him, he resolved to retreat to a station forming by Mr Ross, fifty or sixty miles further back than where he and his companions had encamped on the previous night. He was proceeding on his journey in that direction, when he heard a noise behind, which alarmed him much; but he was agreeably surprised at being overtaken by Elder and Jones, whom he had given up for lost; but who had succeeded in catching two of his (Johnson's) horses, and had taken a like determination with himself, to re- treat towards Mr Ross's. They, too, had given up Mr Johnson for lost; but meeting with the track of the mare he was riding, rightly concluded he had escaped, and that they might overtake him. Having agreed to go back to Mr Ross's station, they had ridden only two or three miles in that direction when they met H. and G. Jarvis, who said they had lost themselves, which was almost impossible, as they had the river on one hand, and a beaten track on the other. On being told that their relative (Bridges) had been killed, they wanted Mr Johnson and the others to turn back; but as they had only one gun between them in the hand of Jones, the proposal was declined, and they all agreed to go back to Mr Ross's together. That night they passed in the bush, on the bank of the Murray, without food or shelter, and on the following morning, having caught their horses, they mounted, and rode as hard as they could towards the station of Mr Ross. Most fortunately, on their way they fell in with a Mr Maury and a Mr Cartwright with their party, provision dray, and cattle, and got a present supply for their wants. Having learnt that Mr Tooth's party was coming behind, Johnson and Elder went to meet them, and upon asking the assistance of Mr Tooth's superintendent, Mr Newman, the services of an armed and well-mounted man were granted, and Elder was left with Mr Newman. The armed man, who had served in the British cavalry, and was very properly called "the trooper," carried his musket in "a boot," and had plenty of ammunition. Johnson, too, was furnished with a brace of pistols. When they got back to the encamp- ment of Messrs Maury and Cartwright, they found George Jarvis, and learnt from him that his father, ac- companied by Mr Maury, Mr Cartwright, Mr Ross, a Mr Walker, and two or three other gentlemen, accom- panied by two blacks, and all well armed, had just gone off for the scene of the murder and dispersion. Mr Johnson and the trooper determined to overtake them, and did so after about four miles' travelling. They jour- neyed together all that day, and encamped on the bank of the river at night. Next morning they set out again, and reached the place where Bridges was murdered about half-an-hour before sunset. One of the dogs left with the dray was still there; the two leading bullocks were missing, but the other four were found entangled in the scrub; and it was now time to encamp for the night. In the morning (July 3) all the party went to look for the remains of poor Britcher, except Jarvis, who rode out in search of the dispersed cattle. After some time they found a clay mound, which was removed, and a little below was discovered the naked body of the murdered man, covered first with long grass, and then with pieces of wood, the clay being put over all. On taking up the body, it was found to have been speared through and through. After giving H. Jarvis an oppor- tunity of seeing the body of his son-in-law, it was again interred in another grave. After this the kind gentle- men assisted in recovering the dispersed cattle, and suc- ceeded so well, that Mr Johnson recovered all his horses (fourteen). Next morning he returned with the party to Mr Newman, who kindly undertook to supply him with provisions, to attempt the recovery of his remaining cattle, and to conduct him to Adelaide with his own party. To this gentleman's kind assistance he was in- debted for the recovery of all his cattle, except five, and for the benefit of a safe convoy as far as the settled dis- tricts on this side of the River Rufus. For some considerable time past great annoyance has been experienced by the inhabitants of Adelaide and its vicinities, from the fact of parties who have been em ployed for the clearing of cesspools and night work, using vehicles totally unfit for the removal of the soil, and even depositing it about the neighbourhood without any discrimination. We feel it our duty to acquaint the public that a proper place for such deposits has been appointed by the police authorities, near the new City Bridge, and the same beinjr indicated by a notice board, there is no longer any excuse for such offences against decency as those so much complained of. The water c .rriers have, we learn, had a trades' meet in?, and unanimously resolved to advance the price of water to their customers 50 per cent. We deeply regret the painful duty imposed upon us, namely, that of announcing the intended return of Horrocks's party, in consequence of a distressing but (it is to be hoped) not fatal accident, which occurred to their bold leader, at or near the head of the second gulf. The report of Lance-Corporal Kenney, who came to town on Monday evening, bringing information that Mr Horrocks's party had reached "Depot Creek," at the head of Spencer's Gulf, was soon followed by an intima- tion from police constable Melville, to the effect that he had met Mr Burnet on his way towards Mr Hawker's and intending to procure a surgeon who was to meet Mr Horrocks, if possible, at Mr Hawker's farthest station, on the night of the 6th instant. We are unable to obtain any authentic information as to the precise nature of the accident, although several rumours are afloat. It seems, however, to have been occasioned by the accidental discharge of a gun whilst in Mr Hor- rocks's hand. The effect is said to be an extensive injury of the lower jaw; the loss, of several teeth, and one of his fingers. The party was on the way back to town, and may be expected to arrive in about a fort- night. By the Henry from Launceston, one of the Post office Commissioners (Mr Smith) arrived in the pro vince, and he will soon be followed by a brother Com missioner. Their advent has been long expected, and is peculiarly apropos. We hope they will read the Me morial with all the attention that interesting document deserves. The three Roman Catholic priests (two Italians andi Swiss) who arrived here the other day from Sydney, are not intended for the South Australian Mission, but are en route to Western Australia. We lately aitempted to describe the Gawler Town punt, so ingeniously constructed of bullock* hides, and used for the passage of the river during the state of flood. Oa Thursday l*st the said punt was again in re quisition, and two men emb >rkcd; but a speedy capsize awaited them: and although one, who was a swimmer, successfully buQ'eted witli the impetuous tor rent, and effected an independent passa.e; the other was indebted for his safety to the prompt assistance af forded, without which he would, in all probability, have ended his " earthly" c reer in the water. On Sunday morning last, a lady accompanied by her husbaud, and another centleman, who were about to attend divine service in the southern division of the city attempted to cross the Torrens from North Adelaide by means of a prostrate tree or \oz. Each of the gentle men presented a helpinir band, and the husband who was a eood swimmer ende voured to impart a portion of his own confidence to his spouse, but their friend bcine no swimmer was seized with trepidation, and lcttin? go the lady's hand she fell into the flood, and would in all probability have been drowned but for the skill and presence of mind of the husband, who plunsed in and accomplished his wife's rescue. It is said the lady has since become anxious to know when the new foot bridge is to be tendered for. On Sunday mornin?, at St. John's Church, the Rev. Mr Woodcock concluded a very excellent sermon by a strong plea for the Church Society, which we have much pleasure in giving to our readers in the hope that it may lead many of them to contribute according to their ability. Such a Society is much wanted, and we doubt oot* it may be productive of great benefit. The members of the Church are coming liberally forward in its behalf, and even little children are, to our know ledge, enthusiastically collecting weekly pence and half jxnee in books furnished to them for the purpose. This is as it should be. We only wish the pious promoters of the Society could place sufficient confidence in their j God to believe th^t He is able to bless their voluntary exertions, and to determine that, the pure stream of their j cheerful gifts should not be polluted by an admixture ' with that unha'lowed grant, which is bountiful both to the just and the unjust-fostering alike the wo&hip; of 6aint, of savage, and of sage; whether addressed to Jehovah, Jove, or Juggernaut:— Tiie Institution which has jast been resuscitated in ty« (mm has Tor its object the accomplishment of the Father's intention in giving up his Son—and the Son's most anxious d<*ire In surrendering up himself to the unparalleled agonies of Gethsemane and Ca'tary— , tbe saltation of souls—the happiness present an I eternal of our fe!> i low immortals. Yet, The South Australian f ftunft Society, which I j desire to comwexl to your especial favourable regard, cortrraplates the moral, spiritual, and csrrua! waU-bdugof theexbtiag and rapidly increasing population of this now promising colony. Its chl.f < bjret is to protide aod help to support ecbco masters, teacbrr*, and mi nirters or missionaries for the scattered popntation of oar ran- dis tricts, its simple aim will be to plant a Christian teacher whrmer a congregation of the members of cor church can be collected ■- wherever a sufficic.it number of cii!d ea can be fouad. It may be regarded as a domestic, cr Home Missionary Society. And oh, b there a heart present that can refine to co-operate io an undertaking so benevolent in its design, so pleasing to Dim who graciously assures us that Bellas no please re in tbe death of a sinner bat is desirous that aiUborideometorepcnteuce. l£as has been proved, we arc all in a perishing condition both by nature and tbe circumstances world—how fearfully aggravated is the danger of those white j claims opou roar sjmpatbies, joar prayers, and jonr support, I *m j now antions to urge, frc m tbe peculiar cirenmstaoces in which snoct of them are placed. Deprived of all tbe means and ordinances of religion, many of them bare sank isto ■ state of awful indifference as respects their soul's eternal interest*. So otterlj careless bare man? become that they areactaaUv often ignorant of the return of die Sabbath. The testimonies to this fearful state of things, and to tbe comparative heathenism in which fbe children are growing np I have received from persons of all shades of opinion on other matters. Some have declared tome that tbe white children are even worse than tbe blacks. Where irreligion. drunkenness, and debauchery characterize the parents, whai most be the ttate of tbe children? How dreadfully demoralizing tbe homes of such! Bow modi is there in the circumstances of such children calculated to develop and foment their wicked passions, aad to lead them to loro those habits which are ruinous alike to their temporal and eternal interest', as well as the peace and well being of the colony at large. None surely c?n donbt that die situation of such is fearful!/ perilous indeed. Now for these dear children, as well as their poor parents, I plead with you to-day. Remember, •• It i« not the will of your Father, &&" The nine Saviour that died for yon died for them. He seriously dosires that (her should partake of die fulness of his salvation. But I then he works by means. It is by education based on Cbrtoiaa principles, it is by tbe word pf God applied to the bean by die Holy Ghost, that be effects die conversion of die sooL Toe incotcaUoa of that word is committed to cur real, either personally or by pecn ciary support. Various ere tbe arguments which might be produced to enforce tbe doty of supporting sozfa an institution as the SnOk uttutrt&ian; Church Sodtls. Through this institution yon may have a atone in every cborcb, a Umber in every ecaool; Bay, job may have one child at least in some schools. Yon may bul'-d, and teach, and prercb, aod converse, as it were, with the children of the bush. Yon may point diem to tbe Lamb of God- bid diem beliere and Hre. Yob may share in tiie argelir joy of saving sonb from death, and gratify a Saviour's heart. And, oh! wDI yon aot do so ? Fsients, children, masters, servants, rich, poor—wui you not share in so benevolent « woik * Much has already been done in Urn colony. Many have given nobly towards raising this and other sacred edifices. But mneb- ob! how much!—remains to be accomplished. ?onls sire perishing; and shall they remain ouca-cd-for by as, who bare thin privileges and means of grace ? While die Saviour pities them and longs for their salvation—shall we, onmored by their ferilont condi tion, nuke no effort to save them 7 Snail we hear o* our felow immortals, wonnded and dying, and, li*e the Priest and tbe Le?itc, pass by on the other side? Shall we bear of those io tbe bush who are being lost-lost to God tbe Cborcb- to?earen— and when ap. plied to for aid in their behalf, impiously ask -« Am I ma orotftert keeper t" GodforbiJ! And yet is it not too modi to be feared dut there are some here who win find some excuse for not coming for ward in support of this excellent institution ; who nave no sympathy with the Saviour, in his desire to save those souls who are now pe risbiag for lack of ko wtedge; You will not respond to die appeal now made in behalf of tbe Cbucfa Society;- yon will.not give of your substance perhaps of yonr abundance-to help forward die sahation of souls. You will not make a single sacrifice—you sril not calUrate tbe habit of eerf-dcnial—to gratify die desire of yonr Saviour's bean - to augment die number of, the church below, and heighten tbe joy of die atficls above. Go—dieo dose yonr beans to the appeal dtat is now made! Go-forget, if yon can, all that yon have beard to- day. Go - shot your beans and your parses to God, wfaogivetbyoa richly all dungs to enjoy. Go—roUinyoor comforts and revel in huuries - while soak are perishing day by day. Go -proclaim to die world diat yonr estimate of tbe things which perish in die using is superior to that of die souls tor whom Christ died. But lemember that yon cannot with Impmiity alight one of bis commands ; - remember an account of yonr stewardship will soon be required. Never will yonrs be die happiness of realizing die fulfil ment of that assurance of tbe Savionr -M It is more blessed to give than to receive;" but yours it unhappily may be to share in that terrible reproof—"For as much as ye did it mtmtoonecf dies 9 ye did it not nnto me.** Bnt others, dierc are, I trust, who bare come to a different deter miration. Yon are resolved to help tfato Institndon, to offer acj cording to your ability- to offer willingly and to begin this day, as you ba*e determined to continue. Blessed resoivc! Hay yon dear friends have grace faithfolly to keep it. Keep it-when tbe present emotion of your beans may bate snbsided s -Keep it amidst all yonr temptations to covetonsness, the pride of die eye, and die pride of life—keep it in spite of die coldness of friends and die jeers ofcEemies keep it amidst all tbe foctuations of yonr faith, hope, and charity;—keep it through all die stages of your earthly pit- Crimage! Let all your effierts and all your offerings to this and every such object be eon«ecnued by prayer—Ac pr&aittng; prayer of faith; and yoors assuredly shall be tbe unspeakable privilege of meeting aronnd tbe throne of die Most High at last, many to whom salvation yoa nave been instrumental by helping to send totnemtbe Gospel of Christ. " They that be wise shall shine as die brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the clan for crer aad e«xr." 