Ijngltsfj IntrtllPCBCC; ANOTIlfeil ATTEMPT TO ASSAStNATE LOUIS PIIILL PE: ( From Bell's Messenger, August J. The following account of this diabolical at tempt is furnished by lbe Journal des De- bats " The country will not believe tint such a crime could be a.;ain attempted: and neverthe- less such is the fact. The King was fired upon this evening ! The visible protection of Provi dence, which defies the pertinacity and fury of the assassins, has forjhe seventh lime, preserVed an esisience so dear and so precious to France. Neither the King nor ahy of the persons who surrounded his majesty were struck. This in telligence will , spread a deep consternation throughout the couiitry ; for our part we can scarcely retain our emotion aud sorrow. " The fol!o\ying are the details we hake been able to cdllect respecting that inconceivable at tempt I— " " This eVenihg, Wednesdays the 2$ih July, at hii1 f- past seven o'clock, at the moment when the King, accompanied by the Queen and the Royal Family, amidst the acclamations, of the people, presented himself on the balcony of the Tuilleries fo hear the concert, two pistdl shots were fired upon his Majesty. " The King with the admirable sang froid which never failed him under similar circum stances reassured the Queen and the Princesses, presented himself to the people 10 remove their apprehensions, and then gave orders to continue the concert. The two pistol shots had been fired by the same individual. The assassin ./as immediately appreheuded by the persons that stood near him. He offered no resistance. On being interrogated he declared his name to be Joseph Henri. He is 51 years of age, and a n anufacturer of steel ornaments. A search was afterwards made in his "domicile; He confessed his crime; and re cognised as belonging fo him the pistols he had used to commit the attempt. It appears; how ever, that he has long entertained the project, for he declared that he contemplated its execu tion on the first of July — the day on which he performed duty as a National Guard at : the Tuilleries. S( The pistols are of a rather heavy callibre, and the assassin mentioned having loaded them with an ingot. He is siriall and delicate in ap pearance; He was very neatly dressed, even approaching to elegance. 140 francs in gold were found in his pocket; . " A Council of Ministers was held in the even ing at the "Palace, at which it was decided that he should be fried by the court of Peers. The King returned after the Council to the Chateau of Neuilly; and is to leave tomorrow for the Cha teau of Eu.'' ; ; t It was expected that her Majesty would visi Ireland before the end of the autumn, and it was stated by the Ballinsloe Star, that the arrange ments were being made for her Maj esty s re» ception. A terrific storm of thunder, lightning; and hail had scourged the metropolis on Saturday, the 1st August. The destruction amongst .the skylights and windows was immense ; the dam age done at Buckingham Palace alone is reck oned at £2000. So great was the body of water that many of the drains, which pierce the me tropolis on all sides, burst and the result was the cellars in the many of the low neighbourhood were inundated; and a large amount of properly destroyed. The Fleet Ditch had overflowed, and several houses in the neighbourhood of Vine- street, Mutton hill, and Onslow street, Clerken- well, had been undermined, and caused the great est consternation by falling in. It was reported that several lives had been lost; The Rev. George Croly had confessed him self the author of the celebrated novel " Ten Thousand a Year." :i,v Douglass Jerrold had started a new weekly newspaper on the 18th of July. It was said that 50,000 copies were sold the first day; and there was demand for nearly as many more. . The Mexican Congress had expressed their determination to push the war against the Uni ted States, but little has been done since the evacuation of Matamoras. A DeaB Mas Dining.— The following lu dicrous story is told in the London Lancet: — "Whilst residing at Rome, I paid a' visit to a lunatic asylum there, and among the more re markable patients; one was pointed out tii me who had been saVed with difficulty febih inflict ing death upon himself by voluntary starvation in bed, under thegimpressidn that he was defunct declaring that dead people never eat. It was soon obvious -to all that the issue must be fatal, "when the humane doctor bethought of the follow ing stratagem Half a dozen of the. attendants dressed in white shtouds, and their -faces and hands chalked, weie marched in single file with dead silence, into a room adjoining those of the patient, where he observed tbem, through a door purposely left open; sit down to a hearty meal. "Hallo P" said he that was deceased, presently th an attendant, who be they P'' 4' Dead men, was the reply.. <s What rejoined the defunct do dead raian eat ?" To be sure they do, as rou see;" answered the attendant, If that is the case rejoined the defunct; " I'll join them, for I am. famished ;/ and thus instantly was the spell broken. An inquest had been held oil a trooper of the 7th HussarS, who had died from the effects of a severe flogging administered under sentence ot court-martial; Public opinion was against the brutal and cruel punishment, but the inquest had been adjourned at the latest date of our pa pers. The Italian journals publish the long expected political amnesty of the new Pope, Pius IX. It mentions several exceptions; but according to the lists that have been printed, sels at liberty or recalls from exile; more than 2000 persons condemned for political offences. The decree of amnesty was posted in the streets of Rome a I about seven o'clock on the evening of the I7th Julv, Mr. Archibald Boyd, transacted business at the Colonial Office, on Saturday; the 18th of July- Captain Dennison bad an interview with Earl Gray on Tuesday, the 21st July. " . Hobriblk Cast?.— .Oil Wednesday week/d rough looking fellow, named Daniel Molloy, about eighteen years of age, and who had been employed as an excavator at the harbour works; was fully committed, from oiir police court, for trial at the sessions, for violating the person of an infant only three and a half years old, the child of a person named Mocolmson, with whom he lodged.— Banner of Ulster. Orangeism.— -A few days since an address of sympathy was forwarded from the Liverpool Orangemen to their Irish brethren, assembled at their grand lodge meeting; at Fermanagh. A reply lias been received frdm the Irish grand lodge, addressed to ihe senior district master of the Liverpool Lodgfe, expressive of their warui thanks for the interest tnanites ed in their grie vances by their English brethren. The reply also says, that they are Sensibly alive fo the suggestions of their Liverpool friends, and that at no time in the history of Orangeism was union more necessary than at the present period. The add, that they will at all times be most happy to receive communications from England; and to join in any proceedings calculated to ad vance I he objects of the order. The reply was- forwarded through W. A. Dane, Esq., grand secretary to the Fermanagh grand lodge. Frightful Occurrences— On Thursday last, at Castle Bluuden, a fine child about six months old, belonging to William Egan, was literally devoured by a sow pig ! Mrs. Egan having gone into the yard for a few moments; and incautiously neglected to shut the door of her dwelling house, on her return was met by the sow proceeding from the cradle with the head and arm of the child in' its mouth, the re mainder of the body having 'been eaten 1 — Kilkenny Journal. Murder.-— As a man named Cleary was re turning from the fair of Edstymon; on Friday evening last, he was attacked by a number of men who had been lying in wait for him, and brutally murdered; his brother also, who was with him at the time, is despaired dr. — Ibid M. Ronge. — In the month of February M. Ronge was cited before the criminal tribunal at Breslau, for having outraged the principles of the various creeds authorised in Prussia, in a work published by him at Breslaii, under the title of Neice dock alte Feinde (" New Enemies and j7et Old Ones.'') This suit caused much uneasiness to M. Ronge' s friends, but the result has been a complete acquittal. The sentence declares that, "though M. Ronge does speak in most severe terms of the various religious communities legally established in Prussia, still there i3 not anything that falls under the action of the criminal-law. la consequence, the tri bunal declares M. Ronge to be acquitted, and places all the costs at the charge of the state." A number of houses in Breslau were illuminated the same evening to celebrate this decision.— The ReiAcs at Aix la-Chapelle.— Dus- seldorf, June 1.0. — With respect to the exhib ition of relies in the Cathedral of Aix-la Cha- pelfe, which is to take place on the 10th of July; sick persons who desire to be touched with them are required to produce a medical certificate of the state of their health, and another from: their priest respecting their moral conduct. The New Catholic Schism--— Breslau, 13 th June, — In the second meeting of the Chris tian Catholic Provincial Synod, it was resolved to return to the baptismal form : "In the name of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." It was recognised that the only source of Chri- tianity is the Bible; Rumoured Cession of Geacow to ' Austria. — Beriin, J une 14.— Since yesterday the report has revived that the city of cracow, and probably the whole of ihe country of the_ Republic, will be given up oil . certain conditions to Austria. — Times, Another lairrarfee Case. — A trial for mur der by poisoning, which bears a strong resem blance to the celebrated Lafiarage case, has j ust occupied the Court of Assize Moritpelier. It lasted for several days, and the verdict was pro nounced on Thursday last. The circumstances miy be stated briefly as follow : — In August, 1 44, M. Malaret, a gentleman farmer of Bezref s died suddenly, and a lew months afterwards his widow, a young woman of some beauty and a good education, married a young man named Berdet; with whom she had become acquainted by visiting the school where bei son was placed, and at which Berdet was a teacher. This acquaintance ended in a criminal intercourse; which reached the knowledge of her husband, also a young man; and remarkable for his kind=> ness to his wife, and led to a serious quarrel be tween her and her husband, as also the dismis sal of Berdet from his situation ; but thehusband still retained his wife in the conjugal domicile, and appeared disposed to forgive her. -Berdet; who is stated to be a man of very dissolute habits fell into great distress, but received it is suppo sed, pecuniary assistance from Madame Malaret; and whenever an opportunity offered their crim inal intercourse was renewed. The death of M. Maralet took place after repeated attacks of - illness, which their is no doubt were the results of a series of attemps to . destroy him ; but at iength, and at a moment when his health was considered by his friends to be re-established he fell ill and died.. During his last illness all the servants were sent outof the way, by his wife; and she only attended him. Suspicions were of course entertained in the neighbourhood, but nothing, even in the way of rumour, reached the ears of the authorities until several months after the marriage between Berdet and the widow had taken place; when their attention was excited by the receipt of an anonymous letter, and an inqui ry was instituted: The body was exhumed, and a large'quantity of arsenic yvas found in it. Mon sieur and Madame Berdet were then arrested and brought to trial on the charge of murder; The evidence .against Berdet was far from con clusive, and he was acquitted, Madame Berdett was found guilty, but with extenuating facts, and was sentenced to imprisonment, with hard labour for life. She evinced during the trial great self possession; aud protested that she was innocent; but when the verdict was given she betrayed great emotion. A Parracide.—- A desperate and unnatural attempt was made by a son on the life of his father, on Saturday last by which the inhabi tants of Monaghan, where the brutal act took place, were thrown into a considerable state of excitement. The parties are named Little, and the father a respectable merchant of the above town, and of long standing. It appears that the unhappy young man; who thus made an attempt upon the life of his parent, went to a gunsmith on the morning of the above day, and purchased a pair of pistols under pretence thai he was about fo proceed to Belfast, and having loaded ihem, went to his father's room and de liberately discharged one of tbem at liis head, the ball or pellet from which, severed the temporal artery, and, we suppose, beiug aimed obliquely, lodged in rather an occiptial portion of the head, to that the medical attendants have every hope the wound will not prove fatal, "having lodged in the fleshy part of the scalp, and extraction <at present is not thought necessary. The medical attendant on the wounded gentleman was Doc tor Young, who adrised that the ball should not be extracted at present. — Ulster Gazette, - - 