ISAAC MILKER. An interesting example of what may be done in the pursuit of knowledge under difficulties occurs in the early history of Isaac Milner, late Dean of Carlisle, and Professor of Mathematics in tie University of Cambridge. Isaac was the youngest son of a poor, a very poor weaver, at Leeds, in Yorkshire. His father was so miserably poor indeed that the future church dignitary was gather ing horse dung — yes, horse manure— and tbat for a halfpenny a basket 1 There is even now (1832) a living and a very intel ligent witness of this fact. This old man's name is Hale, a hair-dresser, in Lower head-row, Leeds. Hale delights to talk over his acquaintance with the two Milaers ; and, if any one asks him to show tbe place where the bumble industrious boys depo sited their heap of manure (for Joseph, tbe Church Historian, was a gatherer of horse dung also), he is really overjoyed, Tbe kind and civil old man will also point you out a stone on the top of a low wall which runs in front of the cottage in Mabgate, where tbe Milners lived, on which is rudely cut out ' I. M.,' tbe initials, and the work of Isaac himself when he was a boy. Whenever the Dean came to Leeds, which he often did, it was bis delight to visit this humble neighbourhood. A poor and very ragged boy, without shoes, and, report says, without bat also, called at the shop of Sir. Bines, bookseller, Briggale, Leeds. The boy asked for a Greek Testament. A gentleman, who hap pened to be present, asked the lad what lie could want with a Greek Testament, 'To gain knowledge, Sir,' was the reply of tbe future Lucasian Professor. It was Isaac Milner. He then handed over, in copper, (halfpennies,) the price of the Testament, stated to have been four shillings, -or, ac cording to Isaac's computation, 90 baskets of horse manure ; and then the boy walked away with his Greek book. Milner died in 1820.—' Worthies of Yorkshire? ly B'. Livesey, York and Leeds. ? ?? - A young j,adt, known to the present writer, was terrified one night ij.*o-jio£ lit the foot of her bed stall shadon;, making perpetual obeisances. Though it is quite nature that beauty should be in the receipt of homage, tbe damBel, aocustomed to adulation at other times, was Alarmed- by such intrusion at 'the dead waste and middle hour of the night.' Hiding ;her head under the bedclothes, she summoned her scattered spirits, wok .counsel, wftbm herself, and having recovered Vr presence of mind, looked with e scrutinising eye at the phantom,' There it wasietill, making salaams, according to the Eastern mode of adoration. 'A figure of tlie other world,' thought she. ?'. Dreadful 1' ,Howftr*he might have blamed ' her attractions' for bringing -such unwelcome visitantsno one could tell; but her eelf-nos»ession lad acquired strength; end self-possession i« fatal to ghosts, whether their ad rant , ie :to worship or to terrify. She arose,, went to the window, and detected the 'cause of the effect.' Her house Wdn*be fcordetbr the suburban, byrhme-rapd . a.feoafhunp standing there bad projeoled intotbe.rpom a shadow of an intermediate lre-y whose branches swayed in the jught-breeas., She tookcare afterwards to olosetho Bhatters. Aixmorth'? Magazine.- - ? .-.-?'. i.-w.ifi- ?' J,AUNCEST0N.;--?rintedftr iheigoprletnr by Hctev Dowuko, ; Printer, of «*»»-!; ?treet. Launccston, at Uie'Printlue-offlce W .S£S£*»W«r. Id Bri^uMtrett BformW* andpiibllrted bjtue.ald.pww Mowuiia, at the Stationery W«rehou«,ln Briibane-rtnst, uToreuld—TuoaiiDiT, OH. 22, 1640. \-- ?? m___L_ ? ^---—--l ? 