LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE or THE CATHOLIC CiuRCtiL- Wednesday last having been the day appointed for this ceremony, a large assemblage of persons had congregated, many from distant parts of the interior, and a large party from Melbourne. The weather was ,exceedingly unfavorable, 'the morning having set in with -sqqulls-of rain, and just before the commencement of the cetemony the rain poured down as if from a waterspout. Exactly at the appointed hour, however, the Very Rev. Mr Geo ghegan, assisted by the Rev. Mlr Walsh, appeared on the ground in their canon icals, and went through the usual religious exercises prescribed for such occasions. The. inscription having been deposited in its proper place, and the stone lowered, thle Rev. Mlr Geoghegan said : - In thle faith of Jesus Christ, we place this first stone in this foundation in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that the true faith and the fear of God, and brotherly love may hero flourish, and that' this place may be appropriated to prayer and to the calling upon and praising of tile name of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father and the Son livoth and reignoth, God, without end, Amen. The following is a copy of the Latin inscription,' with the English Irans lation SANCT1E MARI1E ANGELORUtI LAPIDFM ECCLESIA1 PRIMARIUM PATRITIUS SONAVENTURA GEOOGHEGAN VICARIUS FORANEUS POSUIT, AUGUSTI DIE XIX. A. D. MtDCCCXLVI. GRFGORIO XVI. PONT. MAX. JOANNE BEDA ARCHIEPIscoPo SYDNIE'. RICARDO W'ALSH PAROCIIO, VICTORIA REGINA YELICISSIME REONANTE, . CAROLO AUOUSTO FITZ. ROY VICEMI REGIAM GERENTE, , CAROLO JOEEPUO LA TROBE PROVINCIAL PRHEFECTO SASIUELO JACKSON ARCHITECTO. CN Tm 19TH DAT OF AUGUST, 18t5, PATRItCK BONAVENTURE OEOOIIrOAN, I ICAR- F') Rt AN, ' LAID THE FIRST *TONE OF THE cuaRCn OP ST. MARY OF ANGELS, IN ll71 PONTIFIC'TB F07 HIS IIOLINFSS GOREGORY XVI., UINDInR THE JURISDICTION'OF. J HN DEDE , TIHELORD AClllBISil, P OF SYDNET,: RICIIARD \WVILSH, PARISH" PRIEST, IN TIE HAPPY REIN OP QUEEN VICTORIA, SIRt CHARLES AUGUSTUS FITE ROY, GOVERNOR, IIS llONO. CIHARLES JOSEPH LA-TROBE, SUPERINTENDENT. SAbIUJL JACKSON, ARCHIIIECT.. The 'assembled "spectators having adjourned:to the ?shelter of thie School room,- theRIev. Mr Geoghegan de livered the following:address: My dear friends, we are assembled this day for the holy,purpose of lay ing .the foundation of a - new christian church-a new proof that our haly religion is-destined yet to overspread the face of the earth. As the sun, in regulated seasons, infuses light and genial warmith on every portion of the globe, so the religion of Jesus, in the season ap pointed by Divine Providence, is destined to visit every corner of the earth, to en lighten the mind of every son of Adam, whether in east or west, north or south. The gospel will go on and triumph, the finger of God is. with it, and no comn bination of error-no combination of passion or of power will be ever able.to arrest or retard its progress. To christian apostles, it is declared in -.the gospel ac cording to Saint Matthew, that they are todiffuse the gospel to the entire world to testify its gracious truths to all nations; and may such a consumimation soon comnte, as come it mtlus't, for -'the promises of God's word'cannot fail of. being' ulti mately.acconiplished. You havejust seen the hand of God in the commencement of a new church for His holy service, and may we yet see it more powerfully ex hibited in the benefits which this church may be the means of extending not only to the present generation, but to multi tldes yet unborn. You have laid the foundation stone of a temple under the title of "Saint Mary of Angels," and in so doing have shewn your love to Jesus and your gratitude to God; but my brethren, you must not overlook the question-.what is it to begin the work utless your exertions and liberality form a pledge of its completion and prosperity ? For with whatever delight we witness the commencement, we cannot but look with anxiety to the progress of an edifice in whivh will be established true religiots in which will be taught that noble attri bute of deity-truth- from which will be .disseminated, out of many earthly systems, the only one that is permanent and true. Were our holy religion nought, as some have asserted, what could our Saviour mean by selecting from the twelve apostles a poor and iguorant tumt, and changing his name to one indicative of y the trust reposed in him-of the firmness r of the principle for which lie was to h contend. ' To Simon B3ar- jona Jesus said, Lt -peace be unto thee, thou art henceforth y Peter, which means a rock. In two s years was fulfilled Christ's promise to b his disciples-that glorious and memo-' rable occasion when their minds were enlightened by divine inspiration, and then faith we.now enjoy was conferred on th"i ohurch of the living God; arn effect on the C minds of the apostles which could: be neither enthusiasm, nor the. result of n human ingenuity, but an infusiontof the 1 Holy Ghost. Christ has said,-On a rock a have I built my: church ,'and the h gates of hell will not prevail against fi it. We have thus the pledge of God for ti the security of the Church, and we may C therefore rest assured that no species of it error-nothing in any way inimical to the li truth will ever be able to prevail against t, it. We have another glorious promise i in which we can confide, originally given n lest the first christians should be dis- n couraged or terrified at the sufferings- it the premature and cruel death with b which many of the apostles were visited ii by the enemies of the church ; it was, C -I will be with you always even to the b end ot the world, and though the divine a command to the apostles,-Go and teach d all nations, was not intended to be wholly ti carried into effect in their time, the duty i of continuing the good work devolved oti e their apostolic successors; and it a new in. g stance of the fulfilmentof Christ's promise t to be with those whose duty it is to fur- d ther the good work, that in this new c country so much should already be done it -so many receptacles already erected, I and one of which we have just laid the d foundation, from which will; be promul gated the apostolic doctrine. 'This, then, t is the duty of ministers, that is, lawfuli ministers, to be successors to Christ's I apostles; in them has this sacred' trust v been reposed, or rather, on them has been d laid the awful responsibility, especially s responsible to those who are destined to t teach the Gospel in a new world. Oh, h how many dispensations are requiied for' a this sinful world, and how much need t h?ive youi all to come to be redeekmd fronmii your sins. Some have objected to our a power of so absolviing from sin ; but can-a not such a power be conferred by Christ, v and how could it have been conferred in ( more forcible language than in his words h to our predecessors, the twelve apostles. u Then again, there is the salutary, though hi in some. instances, painful observance of o the confessional. The priest, for ex- ti ample, visits a criminal in his miserable cell, loaded with chains, and it may be, s exciting commiseration from having been 't ounvicted on imperfect testimony. Yet e he bears a load of guilt, and his heart is' s like to give way beneath the weight, v until he is relieved by pouring the bur- s den of his soul in confession ; for such is t the nature of guilt that man cannot get a rid of the dread of hell until, before the I holy altar, he has acknowledged his trans- t gressions; and though our Saviour has a appointed men to receive these acknow- b ledgments and to administer -pardonm, yet C they 'dare not grant a drop of pardon ii either through caprice or their own imr e perfect judgment, but must act according f to the dictates of the Holy Ghost-the h same Holy Ghost received by the prioi. n tive apostles on the day of pentecost.' A ' proof of the sacred character of this g ordeal must not he overlooked-that of n all who have at one time or other in their v lives entered the confessional, not only tl in the present generation but in hundreds , that have passed away, none could ever a say lthatthe confidence reposed in the i priest was vio'ated-that one .of the tl mtillions of secrets to him divulged was ti ever revealed. And the benefits of con- it fession are not confined to those who sl kneel before the minister, but ministers p themselves have no other resource-all j alike must stanid before the tribunal of e confession'to obtain pardon. And what d advantages even do those who differ from i us in. creed derive from .this holy ob- sl servance? for even granting thait a humtian C being could dare to trample a sacred it ordinance under foot, and approach the o altar with a lie- granting this, though a almost an .impossibility, the absolution it thus obtained would be null antd void. hI if a man wronged his neighbor, he is v directed to make restitution-he is de- p prived of all but the actual necessaries of b life until le has restored what he may a have taken away-he must bear the bur- e den of sin until ftll compensation has n been offered. In like manrer.if the of- It fence be slauder, the individual who has C detracted from his neighbour's good f name is itstructed in the confessioial im- a meriately, as much as it his power, to repair the injury ; and thus is formed y the grand foundation, and fostered every ' auxiliary of christian society. Not, only ' then for yourselves, for your children, r born in sin and ahapen in. iniquity, hut ( for the whole world, even those who differ s from us, is confession of the highest 3 utility and grea eat importance..? -When we coisider again, that the tabernacle ' of you intend to raise is to be a temple for the ss repose of Christ, will you not raise your to hands to heaven and contribute liberally 1, to complete the building. Think what Ib you would have done, if you could have ro seen the sufferings ofour redeemer and his to blessed mother. Suppose yourselves at \- Bethtlehem, o'erlooking the spectacle of re pity-the accommodation of the inn de ie nied, and the blessed mother of Jesus o~ m 'plled to- take refiuge in a stable. se Oh if you had been there, and had known te the- Virgin Mary to be actually the of mother of Jesus, and the babe she suckled te to be actually the Son of God, would tk anything have been thought too good to e bestow ? would not all that you had be st far too small a contribution to the comfort, or the honor and dignity of the mother of ty God ? If, then, you believe that Christ of is really emongst us, you will shower with se liberal hands the means to form a temple st to contain His body. Although it is a se mystery, such is no reason why it should :n not he true; on the contrary, there are s- many things far above our comprehension \- in which we are boutid to place implicit th belief, and whitch would be little short of :d impiety for tis to seek to investigate. s, Christ 'emphatically said-This is My te body; no figure of speech, nothing in se any way equivcal, and we are comman h ded so to eat in commemoration of Him, ly that is in commemoration of what He had ty done. for sinners on earth-of the in tt estimable goodness wlhich brought the i- great mystery to dwell amongst us. If se the eyes of our body are too weak to r- dispel the mystery, the eyes of our fith w can penetrate the veil, and reveal all that ie is required for otir eternal salvation. d, Remember, my friends, that God will one to day come with power and tmajesy to 1- judge the world, and how awful must be n, the position of those who are sent to the hl left, and consigned to eternal reprobation. 's If those who refused clothes to the naked, st who refused to visit the sick will hbe-con n demned on that account, as much as if in y so doing they refused such acts of charity to to Jesus, how much more terrible must h, be the condemnation of those who make or .an absolute refusal when called.upon by :d thowLorl himse'lf. -If, by refusing to assist n :'ii erecting a temple to. Hist body, you or act so far unbecoming the zeal and charity i.- which our holy religion: demands, how t, will you be able to stand face to face with in God in judgment ? And do you know Is how soon that may be ? do you know how s. many days-how many hours you have to h live ?' Might not many now present afford of other instances of sudden death, such as \- those with which, in th's country, we are he frequently startled ? Is not each rising e, sun a warning that you are a step nearer n the grave, and how know ye that the dread et event may not arrive before that sun will is sink beneath the Ihorizon ? How then t, will you answer if you neglect to build a r- structure in every way comporting with is the bigh dignity of your belief ?. Although et an unworthy minister of the gospel, (and to I speak most unaffectedly) I am proud of s- the success which has attended my efforts, as and I can speak with pleasure of having Sbeen the first minister to plant a Catholic et Church in Geelong, and it is a wonderful it instance of what the grace of God can n. effect, that so much prosperity has arisen g from so pooret a beginning. I thiultnk I 'e hear some complaining that they have so i- many claims on their means, that they are A not able to give ; but, my friends, who is gave you the means you have ? was it of not Almighty God ? and I would ask to it what better purpose could such be applied ly than by assisting in His service ? When Is we ask you for mtoney, if on any occ:asion r we.frown upon you for withholding, it is te not that we want it for ourselves, but for te the service of God; and even itf we should s take from you the last penny, we take it t- in His name. Should we even do so o should we drain your pockets for so holy a s purpose, would we be doing you an in 11 jury ? As well might we say that a river f continually flowing must, of necessity, be t dried up; and. it you give, will your i 'esources be dried up? No, for if yon \- thus display your. zeal for the glory of n God, not only will everlasting rewards be d in store for you, but thle Almighty ruler e of events will even multiply your mean. I a hundred fold. If you want any other inducement to give, look at your chidren, I. think on the necessity of making a pro. is vision for their future welfare ; and what a- provision so effectual as to bespeak the of blessing of God on their htads ?, Give y also in a proper spirit ; a small donation, t- even a mite, in a proper dispocitton, is is more acceptable to God .than a mttch f. larger sum from motiven of ostentation. as Give no donation except you give it only id for the glory of God. Not a farthiiig n- of yo'ur contribution will ho acceptable it to f-is eyes unless you first abandon sin it d your hearts; especially shut out every ry feeling of resentment that may be lurking ly in your bosoms; else your very alms will n, rise up- agtinst you- it condemnation. tt Give your offering, beseeching God at the hr same time to soften your hearts-to.make st you better paretts-~ietter husbands and an wives-tnore obedient children-ttsore Ic and msre under the ittfluence of the. precious gracee. In giving freely you are fulfilling many texts of .cripture- you are spreading the gospel kingdom assisting its ministers in their efforts to preach the gospel to the world-aul the end, the glorinus reward will yet come. We are here in a colony, to which many of us have been attracted by wordly, yet perfectly lawful objects; the fertility of the sodil--thc beauty of the scenery, and the salubrity of the climate-all present a reward to industry, and prompt us to leave the home of our childhood and locate ourselves in Australia. But whilst. permitted the enjoyment of so many temporal blessings-permitted to follow the impulse and enjoy the fruits of our enterprise, we must not forget the exalted designs of heaven. We have been pre served over thousands of leagues on the ocean,'and through our instrumentality the seed of faith has been brought from the mother country, been replanted here, and, as we have seen, been eminently prodcnetive; and while a few cumberers in the new vineyar may be cut down, thousands will continue to flourish and to grow in grace. Show then your thankfnulness -to God for the temporal blessings he has bestowed, by liberally contributing to build his temple. There is another source from which an argument may be drawn, and that i., to east a glance on the deeply afflicted country which hasgivei many of us birth -to contrast our situatidn with - theirs, our comforts, our increasing possessions, our children healthy, well covered, and with plenty to eat. Is want ever known here ? every one will reply, not for a moment, and ifsomne extreme case should really present itself, it is instantly re lieved, not by the cold hand of charity, but by a brother's hand, and the object of such succour is soon in a position even to assist others if any necessity exist. But-alas, this is not the case at home; from that unfortunate lanmd what com plaints of dreadful famine and destitution reach our ears; and there is too much reason to fear that ere the crisis has passed, thousands will have been swept from the earth from absolute want of the necessaries of existence. And I would ask-can you be so ungrateful to-God-as not to tnike an offering in token of your sense of his goodness in exempting yoti from such horror. Are we more virtu ons thtan the people there? Are we more faithful to God ? No. Then why are they punished ? It is the will of Providence; and, my friends, shall we dare to investigate further ? Let us but remember our own favorable circum stances, make a sincere and hliberal offer ing of our heart's gratitude. As you are aware, many have accompanied me from Melbourne, and though the inhabitants of that place hare never had so many calls on their generosity as at the present time, especially towards a fund to be instrumental in relieving the sufferers at homne, still they have come down to Geelong, and they lay on the foundation stone of the new church, the sum of £4 1 10s to assi4t in its erection. I, w much, then, will you give yourselves? I will not stay to suppose hew much should be your be.ieluetiona over those of strangers whose burdens are already pressing strongly ; but would earnestly hceeechl you, by all that is dear to you, to give liberally, and none to give with out pirayer. I present the money from Melbourne from the pure motives I have already enunciated, not from the slightest ostentation, but from a heartfelt desire fir the zeal and glory of God : and in mak ing the offering I invoke the intercession and hl ssing of the virgin Mary whose name the new church is to bear. At the conclusion of this address, a collection was made in aid of the Building Fund, when no less, a sum than £190 was laid down in hard cash, a sum which far exceeded expectation, especially as a great number of the contr.butors had also subscribed on previous occasions,. 