To the Editor of Bell's Life in Sydney. " Quoits are throwing, drums are beating. Horses marching and retreating_ Skipping, hopping, racing, jumping, Till the pitchy night comes plump in_ When Diana's chaste supporters, And others, nameless, walk their quarters." Well done, Campbelltown ! and success to those who have taken an interest in promoting the galties of the town. Liberality appears to be the order of the day. The more horses, the more sport. Neither a good one nor a crack jockey is insidiously ex- cluded here. This is at it should be, and rely upon it, Mr. Editor (I hope to see you present for the purpose of chronicling the sport), that Campbell- field race course is to be all life, bustle, and anxiety. Corks here' will be drawn with as much avidity as shots or bullets were driven into Heki s pah; and many a good fellow will be placed for a time, according to the old song, hors de combat. " Pour over my coffin a bottle of red, And say a choice fellow is gone, my brave boy, And say a choice fellow is gone." Viands the most substantial, from a round of Hunter's beef, mutton, steaks; oysters, and tomattoo sance, mealy potatoes, and stinging mustard, Sar- gine sandwiches for the epicurean, and Vauxhall slices of ham and turkey for invalids_pale Indian ale, sparkling Mozelle, and cider_real genuiue (none of the adulterated) brandy and other spirits; all, all, may be had on the course for_a smile, money, and civility ! Here we will crack our jokes, endeavouring to make each other happy, and Toast high-breds in all their places, And wish success to Campbellfield Races. But, come-let's lighi a cigar, and saunter about the course" Do pray; my kind Editor, en- lighten me, or I-will, with pleasure, be your guide bu the present occasion, By the bye " walk up on the stewards' stand ; from it we shall have a more perfect view." There gofa " Blue Bonnet," by Speculation, out of Lady Godiva. She moves well, and seems conscious of hör importarle» to thc Campbellfield mission. How steadily, tdd, Marsden sits. She will be au awkward customer td meet, and \- n more difficult to beat. The little bay is " Plover," got by St. John out of Fairy. What a sweet nag how prettily it moves! Ic must; indeed, be gratifying td his sporting owner to see due he bred promise so well: Tlio roan galloping with Kira is a two year old, got by Vagabond, out of Medora-a strong galloper ; but the brown fllly " Australian Lass," by Emigrant, out of Giggler, is to my eye very good, and were I a betting mail I wduld have an even fire Or ten pounds; or a riew TICS, that she is first in the Trial Stakes at Homebush. The chestnut now going at a slapping pace at the back of thc course is Foigh-a-ballach. He is a line mover, and will, no doubt, itt the absence of Oily Gammon, pick up the odds and ends at all the prdviucial meetings. By the piper'who played before Moses!-observe the group a little way from the weighing enclosure. "Thé slightly-iiiade gentlemanly young fellow, in a black frock, a neat tte, and light waistcoat, leaning on the rails,-talking to the ladies in the Victoria phatou, is Mr. J-;-'?' R-b-y, who hos been inde- fatigable in his exertions to" promote those' races; The tall, dark, handsome roan, in a coloured coat and black stock, is Mr. Criarlos'll-b- ts, a most extensive and. successful breeder of blood stock. He is the owner of all the horses just enumerated-a liberal sportsman-an enthusiast in racing- hos- pitable and kind at Wall--i,: with a hand open'as the day in a good and charitable cause. Wetl, in- deed, may the Australian'turf - be proud of stich a man; The gentleman just" behind him is-' his brother; Mx.-Thomaa R-b-ts ; both.' are turf op- ponents; and' having commenced at the time of BIRTH, struggling for the lead, Emulation is kept up upon', a moro extended Held. Mr. Thomas It-V judgement in racing is very correct; and he is equally fond of it as his elder "-twiu".brother. You may,'indeed, travel many a mlle, and not see greater unanimity and brotherly;feeling existing, ?till, such is our nature, for a little superiority in the sports of the field, neither party will succumb ; consequently they have become honorable bellige- rents'.' May such Pickwickian enemies live-aye, " live for ever and a day." Standing to the right is Mi'.- Gi C. J-r-r, taking a quiet look, and calcu- lating-how lie can lay out hiß couple oí hundreds on Charley R.'s lot. He is now talking to Mr. C. B-d, as good a judge of a little bit of racing as most men-straightforward and " honest as steel" ; both are of the right sort, and are not only liberal in support bf the turf, but reflect honor on the charaoter ¿f it. Ali ! who's that neat little fellow upon die grey willi a short tail !-the cut, indeed, of a spor mau. It is, I think; Sir. J. R. II-Ul -ii, the wort! Hon. Sec. mid Judge of the Homebush nieetii a mau, Sir, whose derision from the race is " n impeachable." His reputation os n liou of thc ti has been incontestibly established. I would tu ti approach him with respect, although yoting years,*you see in him the father of the metropolit Homebush race course. Mark you that tall gc ntl manly, but sickly looking person, sitting upon t box of the sporting and merry Sir E. M/s carrioj is Mr. A. E. W-y, as good a fellow as ever lived 'ïiPls^t'iie lion. Clerk of the Course nt Hoinebiis bf loved by every man upon the turf, and verily 1 believe, if a horse did get a "bad start" Mr. 1 would never be blamed. Iiis popularity, his ge: tlemavdy bearing, must indeed disarm aud " eu up," a disappointed man from making an iiliiatnri or rudo remark. May the contemplated trip England restore him to health, and send him bai to "fair" Australia, big enough and strong enon¡ to crack the double thong and send it " well hom to the canine aud " other species;" I was gratifh beyond measure and so were many others, to len; that th« Australian Club had given Mr. W. a far well dinner prior to his, departure in search health to Knglaml. Here comes Mr.- (excuse the, i will tr " mister" the characters-they do not bear my r marks !) young C-r-x, " our" Clerk of the Cour -take yon care my clodhoppers of Iiis doiib thong. He was the rider of old Slasher last year Five Dock. How well-how steadily he rode th race-an event which changed " hundreds" fro the " left" to the "right" pockets. Asn race ride I have never seen him upon a 3Ibs. whippy or Tn and Johnstone; as one of the steeple chase, he unquestionable a first-rate performer, professing vast deal of experience in the riding of difilcn horses. His nerve never haviug yet been shake by "falls" (or love either it is to be hoped) very great, and his steady, coo] ¿ii;1 determine way when coming to the fence, seemed to bei upon Slasher, giving the horse so much coufideuc in himself that he was afraid to *' baulk." Yonn C. commenced early in life-his legs or things I tun almost say, grew into the saddle: I remember hil quite a youngster looking on over tile fences i Leppington upon his black poney-lhere learniu " to put em straight." Hov,; Billy, my boy, my sweet little joy, To ride here's your poney-Bo-peep ; But like winking I'll cry, If I know you still try Those high nasty fences to leap. What neat drag is that willi tho four bays an beautifully appointed harness ? an old coaduna loves the smack of a whip, and does not Captai A-p-y (for surely my eyes cannot be deceived i " him") sit on the box, handling his " fiddle stic and ribbons" very like " au artist" of the firs order. Ho approaches the grand stand aud hn pulled up by that amphibious noudescrpt in th shape of a break with two bays-a roan and mouse colour; thc coachman too looks more like wild Highlander with his long "hair" or an ol woman looking over a rail." The "Age" too-ai from the City this morning is a handsome turu ou und does infinite credit to Alexander-it is quit full of the right sort, and that's all Alexander care about! ! He is very fond of thc sport, bets his 5 a 10 pounds with cool and discriminate judgment-i a straightforward, highly " respectful" and respec table man, has a good eye to horseflesh, with quicker for n " bit of innslin ! !" The person wh' is now talking to Mr. J. H. H. is RS honest a mau n: ever came to the colony, we will call him " Ton Jones." I use tho familiar term of " Tom," ti evince towards him a feeling of kindness and sin ferity ; he used to ride races, but that portmanteai now in front, cannot with comfort to himself bi well sweated oITi! and he ha3 become a quiet spec tator to passing scenes. lie will bet you from i heat bonnet to a poney or two,aud is au undeniable good judge of horse flesh. This is indeed a gay scene; hang nie for a turkey ff would have'missed coming to Campbellfield Races for the Governorship of New Zealand. Herc comes " The Curricle" par excellence-unique, utíat, handsome, is the turn-out-three bays and ti grey, silver-mounted harness (evidently from its finish made by Browne or Alexander)-:ah, " grey,' you caught it ! ! How well Captain D-throws his thong-smack, smack, whack, whack, into thal oS leader!! Had he been " chirruppiitg" instead of handling his migs, the four-hor'se break would have been clean into him. Show me a neat, well, dressed servant; and I'll tell you the style of master. Is uot SAM a natty little fellow-à great favourite amongst his fellows-his comio Alpine strawberry nose is to me an irresistible conk of mirth, more especially when I remember hearing him sing in tlie TAP at Mother A--y's " Swearing, tearing, jigging away, Loving, drinking all the day, OU ! sure there was thc devil.to pay. For I was the Ladies darling !" We have been dillying dallying here a little too long-neglecting other important duties-Come away to Morris's booth"-2-* most capital tap he hos I can assure you. " Well, old boy, that cork sounds * well,' a ..first-rate' brew,-'your'-'your' good health, and may the best nag win,' is my motto.'. " That's primo, but it is better indeed ou taking gíass No. 2-and No. 3 would be "... Health to the body, quiet to the mind. Let us resume our places on thc Grand Stand. .There is Varna looking big,- and so is " Grey Steel," ,a three-year old;, by " Cap-a-pie," out ofDudeen, closely attended upon by their sporting owner Mr. N. L-w-n ; near tho distance post, off the course to the left, is our respected Judge, Captain W-ddy, loeking"af hiigrey horse, ridden by Coi, n lad of great promise, aud one in whom confidence may be placed to win if he caul' Ile is a good mover-a ¡Weiter tîag,'- and doubtless he and^Oily Gammon will be competitors, and no mistake- but mind .your pockets-"that'* nag is not to bo despised, and tile' worthy owner can look as far into a racing tit os most men. ' It is; gratifying to observe, that since a short sojourn amongst us from .india, his health has much improved, may ho live'to be a General, and may additional medals to .those al- ready "gallantly won in India, be tito reward of a good and brave officer. The sight of that tall gen- tlemanly looking person »ow talking to W .»ho, by the bye, is Mr. St-n, reminds me of i race which took place some years ago upon titi: vrey ground, between W.'s bay.gelding "Frederick' and Mr. G-b-ne's bay gelding " Fergus," list "lbs. each ; both were got by Mr. Scott's " Joss,' for speed, correct feuciug, and equally matched the event enacted great interest. " The betting wa: even, but a little in favor of the old horse Fergus They started in the middle of the course, (when tbe booths nra now erected,) wéut straight np tin hill, rounded tlie house belonging now to Mr Duross, descended' the . lulU-again, --entering 'tin course nt the last fence, near where the gate nov stands, finishing at the grand stand where we on now sitting. There were!) leaps over the fences a¡ they now are-distance rim was a little more thar 3 miles, and as well as memory now guides me, 1 think the time it was run in was 7 minutes 2C seconds, or 7 minutes 20 secouds: The race was admirably aud spiritedly contested, a neck sui' neck affair, nnd in almost every leap both horses were in the air together! At the last leap theil united weight smashed the top rail of the fence; both lighting in the wiuuing field together; here Frederick having the foot di" Fergus, managed tc win barely by á length. Mr. S-t-n rode Frederick, and Fergus was ridden by his owner. These gents in those days, as well as tlie horses; were the cracks, and often pitted against each . other, they were splendid horsemen, and on this occasion tlicj shewed the most consummate skill in " pigskin." Tho Fergus party was so disappointed at tho issue that they were particularly anxious ngaiu to meei " Frederick" nt the Aumin! Sydney Steeple Chase, in this they were satisfied to' tile ff hearts content. They mci with five or six others in the* Botany Baj country, when Frederick once niore came off the victor, being agaiti ridden by Long Jemmy, as Mr. S-t-n was iii those days familiarly termed;' I hope we shall have a good field for tlie steeple chase race at this meeting, Which I understand is to be nin o'li tlie ground" I have just named. The allowance to maiden horses oiiglit io induce several to enter. The weighting of winners was judicious enough, but it strikes me pulling an extra 30 lbs. is a trifle too high. The object evidently was to bring out a large field of maidens-n great funk having been established by such horses ris Slasher and Highflyer. . . . The little brown horse is " Qui Hye" (by St. John out of old Bessy Bedlam). What a funny name ! He belongs to the officers of Bungarabee. The man riding him is Paddy Gill or Mill, evidently some time in senatus, or has been upon half rations, to enable him to ride the weight. He is an honest good lad, aud rely upon it if he manages to land the little nag nose first, he will not be forgotten. The gentleman now riding down the course upon that sweet bay horse with-a swish tail, dressed in a blue frock and buff waistcoat, with a black mous- tache, talking to C-r-t, is another of the Bun- garabeeites, Mr. P---y. I bclieve he has been an old hand on the Indian turf, and is as well up to the ins and outs of a race course as he is at home, theatrically speaking, as an amateur upon the boards. He has gained no little popularity amongst the fair sex, in enlivening private parties with an interminable stock of humourous songs. That dapper, square-elbowed lad, with legs like a frog in consumption, is Joe Homes. I don't know in whose employ he is. His fine riding is a point or two in his favor. The knowing fellow in brown breeches and con- tinuations, with tobacco-looking grinders, is Old Dunn, father of Australian jockies. He is hovering round Graham's booth, waiting his proper time to take a STEADIER, before bringing old Jorricks to the post. Dunn's set-to up the distance shows him to be a first rate rider. This was very truly evinced in riding "Peter from Athlone" in the Leger last year at Homebush. It will be a slashing race between Greysteel, Benedict, Oily Gammon, Blue Bonnet, Qui Hye, Varna, &c; , &c;, but the most interesting would be a match with Benedict and Qui Hye. That gentleman now in close tête à-tête with Mr. James B-y-d is Mr. H---y, representative of the hundred and one, a good sportsman, and his liberality can only be exceeded by an indefatigable industry in the deep and disinterested wish for a merry, prosperons, and happy meeting. Can I now pass Mr. Argent, who goes hand-in-hand with the good and wise, and has in a most handsome manner given the ground in such a spirit as to command the respect of the residents and the gratitude of turfmen. It now only remains to introduce you to our worthy stewards. There they are-names standing well and high amongst us-a guarautec to betting men. As far as human efforts can effect it, their sentiments will be without favor or affec- tion. May the best nag win. Here are a few more I have this moment ob- served emerging from under the gum- trees. " The resa," a very promising filly; trained by the good and knowing C --tts, and a bay menonides colt, under the fostering hand of honest Joe B-dk-n ; and last,though not the least to whom honor is here due, is old Jorricks, attended by that civil good fellow, old Brown. May the two latter long live to reap the substantial reward of unflinching bottom in onc, and strict integrity in that of the other as a trainer. In closing these remarks, and before leaving this interesting aud stirring scene, I would propose THE JoRIUCK SWEEPSTAKES of 25 Sovereigns ] each; 3 miles; weight for age ; 10 forfeit if de-i dared the day before the raèe. To close and nomi- nate on 10th of April next. The winner, if more than 4 subscribers; to present did Jorricks, ia tmst for his support when finally declared to have mu his last race, the suni of Í5 Sovereigns; if less than' ?Í subscribers, three horses coming . to the post, 10 Sovereigns, in testimony of regard for so good a nag, together with a KEW HAT io Brown, hts suc- cessful trainer. ' . Now, Mr. Editor,'" Thfe Age" ÍB*on the start; Alexander is waiting ; so now, Jim, give UB some- thing lively on your bugle as :we rattle, down Packer's Hill, a'nd'aiior taking another nip at tho Bobin Hodd, we will be off for Sydney, getting a washer-down nt old Ireland's, making a finish at the theatre.' Jim's iii awxo DREAM. I . THE GHOST OF, C-Y S--TH. j Thc Cherubim Sporting Hall, Feb, 1840. 