domestic Sntclltgnuf. ST. ANDREW'S DAY-The Caledonians of our " gude town" ought to take shame to themselves for their dull apathy towards their Patron Saint, whose day is ever commemorated by Scotsmen in whatever part of the globe they may be congregated. In the neighbouring colonies, and at Launceston, convivial meetings have been held, not merely in honour of the Saint's memory, but to enlarge and perpetuate those patriotic feelings for which the natives of Scotia are so proudly re- nowned. But here, is the very capital, not even a private party, as far as is known to us, has taken place on this memorable occasion and we do think that this neglect on the part of our Scottish citizens is deserving of reprehension, more especially when we look around and recognise so many gentlemen of worth, intelligence, and affluence whose presence would do honour to a public festival on St. Andrew's Day. WHALING The barque Frances arrived last night, with 58 tuns sperm, 55 tuns black oil, and about two tons bone. The following was the success of our colonial whalers at Recherche Bay on the 2nd instant. The Patriot, with 84 tons black, 30 tuns sperm oil, about 3 tons bone ; the Agnes and Elizabeth, with two sperm whales ; the Augustus, with one sperm whale, about eight tuns and the Prince of Denmark, with 19 tuns sperm oil. In the present depressed state of our grain market, it is highly gratifying to find that our hardy and enterprising whalers are thus enabled to extract riches from the " deep bosom of the ocean." Sincerely do we hope that they may continue to prosper in this, the most arduous of our colonial undertakings. MR. BENJAMIN'S ROBBERY The police, as we stated in our last, have been unremitting in their exertions to discover the perpetrators of the extensive robbery at Mr. Benjamin's, in Liverpool-street. Various reports are afloat as to the detection of the thieves, and the recovery of some of the stolen property ; but we are enabled to state, and upon most unquestionable authority, that, as regards the discovery of the articles, nothing tangible has yet occurred, nor have the parties apprehended on suspicion of being implicated in the matter been identified as the actual perpetrators. On Friday, we hope to be better informed on this subject, and, if so, we shall publish the result of our enquiries. Cutmcn Music -The author of metrical Psalmody was Luther. It spread with the Re- formation. Its first times were popular songs and dances. Calvin adopted the very same system, and his church music, quite contrary to that adopted by his successors at the present day, was lively and cheerful. Is is not more accordant with the purpose of rendering thanks to the great Creator than the melancholy strains adopted by the Puritans ? COOKERY -The economical housewife is not perhaps aware that 4lbs. of beef loses Iib. by boiling, lib. 5oz. by roasting, and lib. 5oz. by baking. 4lbs. of mutton loses 14 oz. by boiling, a lib. Coi. by roasting, and lib. 4oz. by baking. i THE THEATRE.- AS we anticipated, Mr Morton King's performance of Hamlet last night, was a masterpiece is his conception of the noble-minded, but " melancholy Dane, was excellent, and his acting throughout spirited and correct, with the exception of one small, very small fault, for the mention of which we know Mr King will pardon us, for by its correction his Hamlet would be nearly perfectly. Wd allude to his acting in what is termed the " closet scene" with his mother and here Mr. King was rather too impassioned j doubtless Hamlet felt all the indignation which his mother's crime had excited, but she is his mother still, and besides, the horror stricken son has resolved to curb his feelings and his rage, in order to complete certain plans to avenge " foul unnatural murder of his father, a little softening down, therefore, of his passions here would be an improvement, which no hope to see effected. The other scones-and all are highly beautiful and impressive were enacted with much effect, and with undiminished energy to the last, rivetting the attention of the audience to the working out of this sad tragedy with intense interest. Mr. King is also an excellent reader, fluent, correct, and forcible ; his enunciation is distinct and finished, and the numerous passages, "familiar" to us is " household words, with which the play abounds, were given with an emphasis plainly betokening, on the part of Mr. King a perfect knowledge of his author. Our old acquaintances exerted themselves in their several characters ; Stubbs as the King, Homes as the fawning Polonius, Lee first as the Ghost, and secondly as the JVsl Gravedigger, which latter he did very well; Mrs. Rogers as Horatio, Mrs. Clarke did well the little allotted to Ophelia, and Mrs. Mereton enacted, looked, and walked the Queen in a manner that left little to be wished for. The other entertainments, which continued to rain thor a late hour, sent a numerous audience homes well pleased and perfectly satisfied. THE CITY COMMISSIONERS -Yesterday the Commissioners held their weekly meeting, at the usual time and piano ; all the Commissioners were present, with the exception of Mr. A. Morrison. The principal business before the Board was the reception and consideration of applications for the Directorship of Water Works, and for the consideration of offers for suitable offices. For the former, applications from the following gentlemen were read Messrs. N. L. Lipscombe, Richard Kirk, Robert Robertson, Edward Nicholas. Jas. Blackburn, Alexander Robertson, Joseph Ring, Alexander Clarke (Launceston), Then. Lafarelle, Thomas Harbottle, and Peter Degraves. The several applications were considered seriatim, the result to be made known on Wednesday (To- morrow.) The following were the premises submitted for approval By William Williams, No. 8, Macquarie-street, known as the " Old Police Office," at £80 per annum by E. Hedditch, a building in Murray-street, formerly the Clarendon Hotel, at £75 per annum; by W. Carter, a building at the corner of Harrington and Collins streets, at £90 per annum by Messrs. H. & J. E. Addison, a building in Collins street, near Harrington-street, at £55 per annum by John Jackson, in Collins-street, next to Mr. Drury and the Trumpeter Office, at £50 per annum by Robin Hood, the " Picture Gallery," is, in Liverpool-' street, no rent mentioned by Mr. Drury, four rooms in Collins-street, at £40 per annum, with attendance when required, and the use of tables, chairs, o.C. by R. Cleburne, the Exchange Mart, in Elizabeth th-street, at £120 per annum, to be put into tenantable repair if accepted by John Wilkinson, in Elizabeth-street, at £80 per annum. Messrs. Elliston, Fraser, and Moir, were appointed as a committee to inspect the several premises offered to the Commissioners. Some de- sultry discussion took place respecting the proposed letting of the markets, whether by auction or by tender, the Colonial Secretary having expressed the intention of the Government to give" up the establishment so soon as this has been effected. The Commissioners meet again to-morrow to receive the report of the officers' committee, and for the appointment of a Director of Waterworks. HOBART TOWN MARKETS-The suppose that the general average price of wheat of all these colonies being about 4s that is the cause of the falling of the price here to the same rate It is remarkable that at Sydney barley and oats are 6d. per bushel dearer than wheat. The journals and private letters all give accounts of the expectation of an unusually abundant harvest, instead of failure, as, being anticipated, was one of the causes of the recent advance here. All other articles of agricultural and garden produce are as before in plenty, LAUNCESTON RACES A meeting of persons interested in the races was held at the Launceston Hotel on Tuesday afternoon. It was resolved to hold the races on the 9th, 10th, and 11th May oh. Messrs. A. Rose, Lieut. Lloyd, and James Lord were appointed stewards. The other usual preliminaries were also arranged,- Launceston Examiner, Dec. 5. SOUTH AUSTRALIA-The news from this colony is unimportant. The Lady Bruce arrived from Plymouth (2nd August), with 13 cabin and 250 steerage passengers ; one adult and ten infants died on the passage....The copper sales at Swansea, on the 8th and 22nd July, have been most satisfactory, The Kapunda ore, sold on the first day, was 211 tons, producing from 22s to 30s- per cent. The prices were from £16 6s. to I £-22 16s. per ton of 21 cwt. and the total value £4042 18s. Three hundred tons from the same mine, producing from 27, to 32 per cent, realised from £19 Us. to £23 13s. 6d. ; total, £6437. Eighty-five tons from the Burra Burra mine, producing from 14d to 4d per cent., fetched, on the 8th, from £10 10s. to £31 9s ; total, £1008 12s. Ninety-five tons, in two lots, from the Montacute, producing 22 and 24 percent, sold, on the 22nd, at £16 3s. and £17 2s. 6d. respectively ; total, £1,570 12s. 6d. The quantity and quality of South Australian copper have already affected I the English market to the extent of £3 per ton. Should it fall a little lower, the Cornish mines, it is said, will not be worth working. Announce- ment is made of another valuable gold lode ; the vicinity of the Rhine is the location of the new treasure Mr. Lewis Gilles returned to Adelaide in the Lady Bruce. -find. ACCIDENT TO MR DRY This gentleman experienced a frightful accident on Friday, returning from the laying of the foundation stone of the , church at Patterson's Plains. Attempting to leap his horse over a fence, the animal fell a complete somerset over the fence, upon Mr. Dry, who had retained his seat notwithstanding the violence of the shock. He was conveyed insensible to a house near, and subsequently to town. Medical gentlemen have been almost constantly in attendance, and we regret to say that he still remains in a very precarious state. Yesterday afternoon, the symptoms, we understand, were very alarming, and the case appeared hopeless j but those symptoms subsided during the evening, and the reply to our enquiries made a few minutes before going to press this afternoon was, that the symptoms were decidedly more favourable, but that he could not be pronounced out of danger. The sympathy expressed for Mr. Dry on this I melancholy occasion, by all classes of the community, confirms the estimation in which he is held, and must be consolatory to his family and friends. We understand that, beside the prayers said in the English church to which he belongs, the ministers of the various other churches in the town i yesterday spontaneously offered up public prayers on his behalf. During this morning the enquiry at the Cornwall Hotel, by country as well as town residents, were very numerous Launceston Advertiser, Dec. 7. LAUNCESTON MARKETS-The wheat market remains inactive, notwithstanding the late shipments. Prices are nominally 3s. 6d., but we have heard of one or two small sales being effected at 3s. 6d. Md. Tun WEATHER -We predicted in our last, , from the state of the meteorological instruments, that there would be fair weather. It has so been The temperature has also increased as the season advances towards the Solstice, and has been at noon in the shade for the last three days, 82.; the barometer is steady at 29. 2-tooths. VIOLINS The only violins which deliver pure tones are those of Cremona, 1869 They are of course superior to all others, notice loudness but ( in delicacy and richness of effect in an orchestra ; , those of Stradivarius and Amati are the best, I , POETRY. We have received the lines referring to the charitable purpose of the Bazaar ; they ^ , > v> shall appear at the earliest opportunity. ! ' NZ in 