THE GREAT APOSTACY; OR, THE CHURCH OF ROME RROVED NOT THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, But the Greatest Enemy to Christ , to His Doctrine, and to His Religion, AN ANSWER TO COBBETT's HISTORY OB" THE REFOR MATION. continued from our last.j first. " The Catholic Church," you say, " originated with Jesus Christ himself." True: but what is the Catholic Church ? There is no dogma of the volumin ous creed ol a Papist that he holds with greater tena eitv than this.— that the Church which Christ came from heaven to establish on earth, is the Church of Runie that is. the Chure!: in which it has been his priviiejie i> be born and brou-rht up. He imbibes this notion as early. If possible, as he drinks his mother's milk; he is taught to lisp, in childhood, the cate chism that inculcates this idea; and every association connected with his relit;ion, in his fol lowinqr years, tends but to deepen this prejudice. This persuasion renders him far unfit for the candid examination of any creeit which does no? agree with his own ; it el- fectually locks un his mind from rational conviction; ami, knowing that there is but one universal Church in the world and supposing that to be the Church of Rome, he fancies himself and his party in the midst of light, whilst all the world beside is in profound darkness. But a hatever the true Church of Christ is. or wherever it is, the Church of Rome is not his Church. That proud hierarchy, with the Pope at its head, and which for oppression, refined cruelty, and almost all kind of wickedness, has never had an equal upon earth, is surely not the Church of Christ ! The Church which "Jesus Christ himsnlf originated," is certainly not tbe same as that Church which allows ",4 the buying and selling of sins and of pardons; that allows juggling equivocations and reserved senses ; thai hoodwinks the poor laity in foVced ignorance, lest they should know God's will, or any way to heaven but Ibeiis; that ulierly overthrows ihe per feciion of Christ's satisfaction for the sins of mankind 3 that niakes more scriptures than God ever made 3 that erects a throne in the conscience to a mere man 3 that hath made wicked men saints, and saints gods 3 that overhoods men's consciences with infinate im mense tradition, and sacrilegiously robs Gon's peo ple of one ha'f that hea enly provision which our Savour left for his last, dearest legacy to his Chun h for ever,— as if Christ's ordinance were supofluous. or any shaveling could be wiser than his Redeemer 3 and that cheats the vulgar with nothing, but si ad.ws of holiness, in pilgrimages, processions, offerings, holy water, latin services, images, tapers, rich vestures, aarnished altaTs, perluming's, and a thousand sueli like, fit for children and fcols.— robbing them, in the mean tinie, oi' the plain and sound helps of truth piety, and salvation." Christ himself, indeed founded tbe Catholic Church, but not the Popish Cbutch. He called his Church 44 his kingdom," and said,4' Mv kingdom is not of this world, rise would my servants fight. hut the Pope's Church is of this world, and his servants fight, and he has lough, at the head ol them. Christ's kingdom is spi ituri3 the Pope's in temporal : Christ mitherreceive iribute nbr suffered his apostles to impose it upon any of the churches which llie'y planted; the Pope has laid the world under tribute, as far as fraud or force could carry him: neither Christ nor his apostles ever sought the alliance of any of the princes or governments of this world, for the spread or maintenance "of his Church ; the Pope first courts; and then commands the princes -and rulers of kingdoms, to receive and defend his religion : neither Christ nor his apostles ever compelled any to embrace his religion; the Pope when he cannot persuade men to become of his religion, has compelled them to embrace it. Indeed there is so much' difference, 111 almost every respect, between that Church of which Chrisiis the head;and that sy>tem at the head of which is the Pope, that I wonder that mankind have f < »r so long a time called them by the same ndme. There are so tew things in that system which resemble- a primitive Church of Christ as described in the New Testament; that no impartial person, on comparing the two, could sup pose that thev weie 'the same kind of institution. Suppose, for illustration, a Christian of the primitive Church of Rome should rise from the dead, alte- his long sleep of eighteen hundred years, would he, think you, discover any thing in the present liier'aichy of Rome, resembling that Church in the bosom of which he had died ?'f but if he were told that this was the only true Church of Christ on earth, he would suppose that the Church had failed from the world, and would 'go back again to his grave and lie down in dispair. I am aware of the consequences of dis charging this Church ; but let the consequences be what they may. I can. see no more right which it has to be called 4 'tiie Church of Christ," than Gentooism, Druidism, or Polytheism, or any other system of false hood and absurdity, lias a right to be called the re ligion of nature. It is the greatest possible insult to Jesus Christ, to call this degraded, half political and half heathen system, His Church It is next to blasphemy, to assert that Jesus Christ himself origi nated the Catholic Church— if by the Catholic Church you mean'the Church of Rome. lSitcoui ceivabie that He, whose example was ail meekness and love, and the precepts ol whose religion tend to nothing hut humility, mercy, and peace, originated a system like Popery? t t The first thing that a Papist is taught to believe is, that his church— i. e., the Church of Rome, was the first church, and the mother of all churches. This vulgar and absurd error is refuted at once, by turning to the 2od chapter of the Acts of the ApostleS, and the 47th verse, where we find mention mads of the first church for \he first tiiiie in the N< w Testament. The passage is this,— and the Lordadded to the,church. daily such as should be saved.'' What answer wi.l a Papist be able to give, when he is asked this simple question, — Where was the Church of Rome at this time ? How foolish lie would look ! Every Protestant knows that there could be no church at Rome at this time, aud that the first church was the Church ol .Jerusalem. But a Papist will believe any thing that the priest tells trim. - To' 6ho\ir ith what pains this absurd idea is driven into the rninas of children,' take the following lac': — _ During the time of building a Popish chapel, not one hundred miles from Liverpool, the priest assem bled the children for spiritual iustruction TJiey were arranged along both the aisles. After waiting, some time in sileht expectation; the priest addressed them thuS,—" My children, what 1 an going to tell you you must never forget." He made an impressivu pause again, then said, 4 That which I have to lell you, and which you must never forget, is, that your church is the first ckurbh."l 1 The children were then without further instruction, dismissed second The second sentence in this paragraph is this, r-" He selected Peter, to be head of his Church J' Where did you learn that Christ selected Peter to be head of his Church?— -sot from the Scriptures certainly, for they speak of but one head to the Church, and that is Jesus Christ biniseif Read the epistle to the Coiossians, chap. i. and 18 v. : — 4 He is thk Head of the body, the Chorch." You have copied thi> (able from some Popish writer, th nigh there is neither Scripture n-»r reason, nor any thing else, to support it. It is more surprising that the world should be cheated, for so many centuries, by such a baseless conceit as this, than that vou should now come forward, with an unbiushing front to detail it. This fabrication about Peter being head ol the Chrch, and having the keys of the kingdom of heaven, u is now looked upon with pity and contempt, and is daily losing that crtdit which in ages of superstition and ignorance it had undeservedly obtained. But although it could be proved that the keys were en tailed, and that they were the rightful property of the popes alone, yet that warlike pope, Julius II. 44 heading his army against the king of France as he crossed the bridge on the Tiber, threw these k< ys of Saint Peter into the river, and cried out for the sword of St. Paul ;''f so that there can have been no admissions into heaven since his time, unless there is another way to heaven than through Rome. u That the Pope has in his possession the keys of th: kingdom of heaven, is one of those foolish false hoods that. Popery has forged and imposed upon its deluded votaries. When will thev be ashamed of such nonsense? Never, so long as the Scriptures aie kept from the people ; for the strong hold of Popery is ignorance of the truth, as it is revealed iu the Scriptures. If the Bible were read by Papists, the " man of sin" would soon be stripped of his armour, the spell of Popery would disolve. 44 And like the baseless fabric of a vision, Leave not a wreck behind." It is an awful thing for either individuals or church to refuse, pervert, or to conupt. the truth ol God. The apostate Church of Rome has done all three. There is not a truth or a rite of the religion of our blessed Savour which she has not abused. It has been truly said, that Christ is more indignant at in juries done to his truths than to his saints ; lor the truth makes sanits,— and the husbandman is more careful of his seed corn than of the increase. This apostate Church is well called Antichrist; being the murderer of his saints, and the corrupter of his truth : what more could she do? What wonder, then, if Christ, in righteous judgment upon her, who having rejectced his truth, should give her up to the belief 0! Jdbtes ? Accordingly it was prophesied that this would be the case : see 2 Tim. iv. 3 4. — 44 For tiie time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine ; but, after their own Justs, sball they heap to themselves teachers, having itching t ars 3 and thev shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall hi turned into fables," Now, this has been litera.ly fulfilled in the apostate Church of Rome, I could produce hundreds of Popish fab es, the belief of which would disgrace any understapding but that of an idiot. The billowing most suffice in this place. It is the 44 History of tke Seven Sleepers," and is taken from the Saitshury Brieviary, a prayer-book of the apostate Church, and was read, in ihe church, to the people, as chapters are read out of the Bible, in these glorious days of the Reformation, and divided into so many lessons. — The Prayer. 44 O God, who didst magnificently crowned the Seven Sleepers, who proclaimed the eternal resurrect lion, grant, w e beseech thee, that by their prayers, ive inay obtain that holy resurrection which was won derfully forshewn in them." First lesson. 44 Under the reign of Decius, tiie emperor, When a greivous persecution ieli upon the Christians, there were seven Chris'inn citizens of Ephesus, whose names were, Maxmiami Malchus, Martinanas. Dionysins, Johanues Seradiom tud Constantino, who, lo avoid the fury of the persecutors, hid themselves m a cave, in M rout Celius, appointing Malchus, in the habit of a bag -ar, to buy them vituuls; tn which cave they slept for many ages.' ' Second Lesson. 44 At the end of three hundred and sixty-two years, in the reign of tbe most Christian emperor Thtodosius. there arose a detestable heresy, that in Itavoured to, root out the faith of the general resurrection. These saints then awaking, and thinking thev had slept only the space of one nigh:, they sent Melchiis into the city to buy food, who seeing a cross erected ove< the gate of the city. aud all uieu invoking the name of God, began greally to wonder; aud when fie pul ied out his money, those that b held it said, admir ing, This vming man li s found a treasure; aud ihey brought him to the Pro consul of the city." 7 hird Lesion. "When the Proconsul inquiied nf him, where he found that treasure, Ma ehus, falling at his feet, said. L intreat you to tell me where is Decius _ the emperor; lor I and my companions, to aVoid his persecution, hid ourselves in a cave of Mont Celius. 5Jarinus,tUe Bishop of the city, hearing this, said, Let us go wirii him to the place; and coming to the cave, the" beheld the servants of God sitting; and their faces were as fresn as a rose. They adored them, and sent for the emperor, who, when he was come, worshiped them ai.d wept. Whereupon they spake thus to him : Fr thy sake our G"d has raised us up before the day ol the great resureetion, and thou, without further doubting, migbtest believe' the resurrection of the dead. And when they had said this, they gave up the ghost at God's bidding. Then the emperor, we ping, and kissing their holy reliques, gathered together a great many bishops, and others 0! the l.iittiful, who made, in the same place, a worthy memorial of them." — Breviar. sec- us. s'ar.27 Julii.and Missale Sarum. An. 1554. I hope no Papist or Protestant will object to this and the like fables being cited against the Apoktacy, because they are not now to be found in the Pope's prayer-books. If they do thus objeet, h iveoniy two things to reply ; first, that they did once form part of the worship ol that Church — and that Church pretends to be infallible ; second. I will' ifueoessary, bring as greut or greater absurdities, as they are now practised and believed, in Popish countries. I hope the reader 'will excuse the length of this note, and I will cite only one more Popish fable at. this time. — 44 As Saint Anthony was disputing concerning the truth of the Lord's body, in the Euehrist, with a cer tain heretic, in the parts of Tholouse (for at that time lite Alb yenses vexed the Church, and they, with many inure, were infected with this error), the heretic required of St Anthony this sign— knowing him to be eiidued with the gift of miracles: Says the heritic, 1 have a mule, to which I will give no meat these three days After the three days end, come thou with the Sacrament, and I will come with my mule and will pour out proveuder and come and Venerate ihe Sacrament, I will believe. These conditions were accepted; aud after three days, St Anthony being accompanied with a multitude of the faithful, and holding the venerable Sacrament in his baud, spoke thus to the mule: 44 In the virtue and name of thy Creator, whom 1; though unworthy, truly hold in my haud, I require and commaud thee, O animal, that thou immediately approach humbly, after thy manner; and show reverence to him; that so by this, heretical pravity may understand, that every creature is to he subject to his Creator, whom the priestly- dignity daily handles at tbe altar." Upon the say- .ng of which words, the inuie, forgetting his proven der that-lay before him, and his hungar; went before (lie saint , and bowing his head, and bending his Knees, adored the Lord, as well as he cuuhi, and con- iutea the heretic."— Bellarmin, de Sttcrdm. Euehrist, iib. 3. cap. 8. Ii is my intention to prove, that the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper has not been once administered by a priest, nor received by the people, in the apos tate Church of Rome; for more than one hundred years fa.;t. \+ Tiudal's Notes in Rapin's History and Foxe's Acts and Monuments; book vi. To be continued. Anecdote of the Dog. — A celebrated preacher nuined Buchoiz, who resided at Hasmark, in hung- ary, bad occasion to. go to the villiage of Eperies, distant about twent English miles from his own place of abode. He travelled on foot, and to. k with him a small terrier bitch, then in the last week ol her preg< nancy. After having been detained several days at Eperies, by floods, he was compelled to return home without his dog, which in the mean trine had brought forth a litter of five puppies. He had not been in the bouse an hour, when; to his surprise; tbe bitch came in bearing a puppy in her mouth, which she carefuly placed upon the mat where she accordingly lay, and immediately rushed out of the house again on the road to Eperies. In the space of twenty- four- hours she went and returned four times more, on each occasion bringing home a puppy in her- raouth. It is hardly necessary to state that the pup pies were quite dead as the mother brought them into the house As the poor creature laid the last puppy upon the mat, she could scarcely stand for weariness: she whined and trembled, looking pity- fully upon her dead puppies 3 and, after waling once or twice round the mat, she laid herself down beside them and died in a few minutes. In twenty-four hours the animal had run about one hundred and eighty miles 