MraCtLLAKEOUS. Wisdom—A rare plant which we love to cultivate in'others* fields Moral Axiom— What a beautiful thing is a rosy cheek.' Bow great the contrut when the blush settle! on the nose'.* SisFMixioM— The fiift of nature but seldom shewn in iti primeval Hate. - , Apmarakce.— A. curtain behind which all may be done, but which ought never to be undrawn. . MisiMTBaorB — A man who ten everything on th'e dark side, ' who it sometipei happy in hit feelingi, but always unfortunate in kU Imagination. , - . X.iv« ik Pbice— Iojure no man : the meanest person may, once in seven -cars, have an opportunity of doing jou ibuch good or harm. Though we have a thousand frieudi, we nay lack ?tore ; but one enemy is too much. \- Dowry ? The best dowry to advance the marriage of a young lady 1s, when (be liai i'n her countenance mildness, in her speech wisdom ; in her behaviour modeity ; and in ber life, virtue. Garut ? An humble abode next the roof, alwayi inhabited by indigence, and too often by merit and virtue. Oath ? The coin in which the rogue pays the good faith of Ihou who 'deal with him. The Medical Timei mention s case of hanging, in which Dr. Noyce re»tored the patient by affusion of cold water, after re spiration had ceated, the beort's action continuing, though feebly. Respiration nut completely restored, and venesection produced conicitiusnesi. »'' ' Cam is be Tack?— An old-gentleman who has dabbled all his life in statistics says he never heard of more than one woman who insured her life. He accounts for this by 'the singular fact of one ? «f the .questions on every insurance paper being, 'What ii your ?fit?'1 ? ? ' ' : Intisiblc WanflNO.— The plan of writing with rice water, to be rendered visible by the application of iodine, was practised with great success in the correspondence with Jellalabail. Tbe first letter of ibis kind received from thence wit concealed in a quill, On opening it a small paper was unfolded, on which appeared only a tingle word, 'iodine.' Tbe magic liquid was applied, and *fi interesting despatch from Sit Robert Sale stood forth— ? Vtiittd Service Magazine. ' Cuansimp vhb Struts of *m Mnitowus — An associa tion has becu formed, and the leading mercbanU are singing a mes&orttl; in iu favour, for the purpose of having ,the streets better cleansed, and, at the same time, of affording employment to a large fi.umber of hands. The state in which the city thoroughfares are during wet or dusty weather, would render an improvement in this respect a. great comfort to all bustliug men ol business— Bell'* Messenger. ' ' Jews ih New Yobk. — The number of jews in the city has increased is 2t years from 600, and one Synagogue, till they now ?umber 11,000 and nine places of worship. Steam ? The quick trains will shortly run to Exeter in four hours, including two stoppages, one of tea minutes, «nd another of fire minute*. Tbe distance it 193} miles. — London Timei. ? On Goon Friday! Easter Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, do ten than 117,781 passengers were taken to I-ondon and Green wich by the Railway. The fares, amounted to £2,449 6s. Id ? Jbid. Vxrmin— The following has been recommended as a cheap ?nd effectual expedient to prevent rats and mice from getting into cornricks:— The' rick should be built neatly perpendicular, and ' cut round about two feet high from the ground, slanting from the top towards the bottom about eight inches. The part cut should be plastered over with mortar made of clay, or other substance that will *tick to Ihe ends of the straw, leaving a rim at the top, of about two inches, and then whitewashed. This plan is adopted by many farmers in Norfolk, and thole, who practice it never have their corn injured by rats or mice. -The best plan to destroy mice, is to fry a sheet of brown paper (the coarser the better) in any greate ; this tbe mice will eat, and it will destroy them, This is safer, cheaper, and easier than any trap. foMsHMENT roK Duelling. — Mr. Edward Laves Pym, who was trjpd at Winchester, and acquitted of all participation in the death of the late Mr. Seaton who fell in a duel, hat been restored to his rank in the Royal Marine Corps, by Ber Majesty's order in Council.— Weekly Detpalch. Lots of Childbhsi.— Fondness for children denotes not only, ft kind heart but a guileless one. A knave always detests chil dren— tbeir innocent' looks and open brows speak daggers to him— he sees his own villany reflected from their countenances as from ? mirror. Alwajs mark tbe man or woman who avoids children. Search aeter Havmnxss — If you cannot- be happy in/one way, be happy in another; an!) this faculty of disposition. wants but little aid from philosophy, for health and good humour are almost the whole affair. Msfny run about after felicity like an absent man seeking for bit hat, while it is on his head or in his hand — Sftorp. Tbe wedding-ring it put upon the fourth finger of the woman's hand, because in the original formulary of marriage it was placed first upon the top of the thumb with tbe words, ?? In the name or the* Father;' then on the next finger, with the words, 'and thfe Son; and on the middle finger, with, 'land 'of the- Holy ?- Ghost!*' and finally on ,the fourth, with the 'Amen;' . ~ Lyjuo In. and Lying Out— A poverty-struck Hibernianj whose bank pocket (to use his o«n phrase) had stopped payment, was forced to tbe sad necessity of perambulating tbe streets of Edinburgh two nights togetbei, for want of ft few pence to pay his lodgings, when accidentally bearing a person talk of tbt lying-in hospital he cried, '? by jakers, that's the very place I'm wantin,' for here I have bin lying opt tliese two nights past.' - \- A Slicht Difference— A pompous fellow made a very in adequate offer for a Valuable properly, and calling tbe next day for.au answer, inquired. ?' if the owner bad entertained bit pro position ?' ' No,' replied the other ;f » but your proposition has entertained me.' The Railway .Revolution— Special trains are being used for honeymoon trips ! On Thursday week, Lord Macdonald took bit bride, Miss Wyndham, the eldest daughter of the Coun tess, el Listowel, by a special train from fiuiton station to North ?mpton, en route for DeancPark. The Best Ehgikes of \V*r.— Several fire-engines hare been constructed for the colonies. One ol them will be sent over to Oregoni for the purpose of putting Jonathan's pipe out— Punch. ? ' ???,.?' It is calculated that the number of churches in the United States is 40,074, the number of ministers (3,(61, and the auflbtr 