the tope'? fcur3e on those who leave the chcr&h; of rome. . " By the authority of God Almighty, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, and of the holy canous, and Ol the uodtfiled Virgin Mary, the mother and patroness of o rr Saviour, aud of the celestial virtues, angels, archangels, thrones, dominions, powers, cherubim and seraphim, and of the holy patriarchs, prophets, and of all the apostles aud the|evangelists, the holy innocents, who, in the siglit of the holy Lamb are found worthy to si ng the new song, and .of the holy martyrs and holy con fessors, and of the holy/ virgins, and of all the saints, and together with all tire holy and elect of God : we excommunicate, anathematise him, or them, malefactor or malefactors-, and from the threshold? of the holy church ot God Almighty we sequester them, that he or they may be tormented, disposed, and delivered over with Dathan and Abiram, aud with those who say unto the Lord God, depart from us, we know not thy ways. " May the Father, who created man, curse trim or them; May the Holy Ghost, who was given to us in baptism, curse him or them; May the holy cross, which Christ for our salvation, triumphing over his ene mies, ascended, curse him or them. May the holy and eternal Virgin Mary, mother of God, curse him or them. May St. Michael, the advocate of holy souls, curse him or them; May all the angels and arehangelsj principal' lities, and powers; and all the heavenly host, curse him or them. May the laudable cumber of patriarchs and prophets curse him. or them; May St; John, the chief forerunner and baptist of Christ, curs? him or them. May St, Peter, St; Paul, and S1. Andrew; and all other apostles, together with the rest of his disciple? and four evaugalists, who hy their preaching converted the uni versa! world, curse him or them. May the holy and wonderful company of martyr? and confessors, who by their holy works. are found pleasing to God Almighty, curse him or thern. May the holy choir ot the holy vir gins, who for the honour of Christ have despised the things of the world, curse him or them. May all the saints, who from the beginning i.f the world to everlast ing ages are found to be the beloved of God, curse him or them. May the heavens and earth, and all the holy things remaining therein, curse him or them. May he or they be cursed wherever he or they be, whether in their house, oi in their field, or in the highway, or in the path, or in the woort, or in the water, or in the Church. M&y; he or they be cursed in living, in. dying, in drinking, in being hungry, in Being thir?ty,in fast ing, in sleeping, in watching, in walking; in sitting, in lying, in working, in resting, and in blood letting. May he or they be cursed in ail the faculties of their body; May hfe or they be cursed inwardly and outwardly. May he or they be cursed in the hair of his or. their head. May he or they, be cursed in his or their brain May he or they be cursed in the lop of iris or their head, in their temples, in their forehead, in their ear?) in their eyebio-vs, in their checks, in their jaw-bones, in their nostrils, in their fore .teeth or grinders;- in their lips, in their throat, in their shoulders, in their wrists, in their arms, in their , hands, in their arteries aud sinews, in their fingets. in their, brest, in t)ieirhear>, and in all the interior parts to the very stomach; in- their' reins, in their groin, in the thighs, in the genitals, in the hips, in the knees, in the legs, in the feet, in the joints, and in th-" nails. May he or they be cursed in all tb.eir joints ho n the top of the head to the sole of the foot. May there not be'auy soundness in him or them. May ths Son of the Jiving God, with all the glory ol his majesty, curse him or them ; and may Haven with all the power which move therein; rise against him or thetn, or damp hiin or them, unless ii - shall repent him or them, 'or' that he and they shall make satisfaction. Amen, amen. So be it." . .A Recapture. - It was on the 4th of July, 1837 when a -West Indian day had just daw tied, or as Quatnino has it, " open his eye, Massa," that on a tranquil sea in the Guif of Mexico, with ari horizon bounded by se.a and sxy, nought was to be observed but two vessels one of which' was her Majesty's packet from Tauipicp, bound to Ha van nail, steering by the wind, the other a clipper-like looking schooner to windward and ahead ol the packet, running about two points free toward ber. Novr, says Jack to bis mate on the forecastle what does this sea-sarpant want? ; At noon she was within hail, when the commander of the packet, whose broad British ensign had long been displayed, hailed the stranger to know why he did not show his colours and was answered that he was in distress and had no colours on board, then rounded to audjbacked his top sail, waiting for the packet's boat to come alougside. Tbe officer, on reachihg the deck, found four men, three white and one' negro ; the whites weie armed to the teeth, each having buckled rouud hiuia brace of pistols and a cutlass. Their tale was brief Sbe was an American' schooner, of New. Orleans, that bad been detained four days before oft' theport of Matamoras, by a French sloop o!'-war, for a breach of blockade; a lieutenant and eight seamen were put nn board, with orders to take her to Vera Cruz, where the French Ad iniral then was; that at midnight of this day the three whites, who were tiie master of the schooner, his mate, and a Mexican passenger, had, as soon As two of the four Frenchmen of the watch had gone belotir, one to the officer in tbe cabin, and the other to the Seamen under the forecastle; to call their relief, rushed to the place where the arms were concealed, seized them, put the hatchets over, secured the man at the helm, thrust hiin below to acquaint his shipmates how much safer it was for them there than it would be on deck, and tnen liberating tbe French Negro Sailor, on c ndition of" assisting to work the vessel tbey found themselves onee more uncontrolled masters of her. The captain stated, that his share in the vessel if as all the property lie had in the world, and to let so good an opportunity slip of regaining it was more than bis calculating view of thiugs over thought of, however, in" the midst of their success they were without water; which, under a hot sun, is intolerable, the packet then supplied them with ab»ut 30 gallons; and whilst waiting for the. supply , it was not a little amusing to see tbe Frenchmen summoned oiie by one on the deck, pinoned, and then safely . secured below. The .Water being received on board the vessel, . and the prisoners properly secured, sail was made, and the vessel arrived at New Orleans three days alter; when the French officer put in his claim for the prize, but the authorities thought the master and part owner, who had so gal- luntly 'and blood.essly recaptured 'her, had the best title, and tberelere gave her. up to,, him: The above has been forwarded by a nival officer, us a contrast to- the ; wretched affair which has recently occupied so much attention Devovport Telegraph, 