RELIGIOUS MOVEMENT IN GERMANY. [From Bell's Weekly Messenger, 30th August] In a former paper having occasion to mention the second Reformation in Germany, we stated that there was too much cause to apprehend that it was less of a Lutheran than a Socinian character. More ample information and indeed official documents have since fallen in our way, and we proceed from these sources to state briefly what this religious movement is; how it commenced, and what is Its public and avowed creed. As respects its commencement, the Bishop of Treves, on the 6th July, 1844, issued a cir- cular letter or charge to his diocese; stating that from the 7th of September to the 7th of October of the same year, would be exhibited in the Cathedral of Treves the coat worn by our Saviour on the morning of his crucifixion, and calling upon all pious Catholics to repair to Treves and to pay all due honour to the holy relic. This charge or circular immedi ately produced a protest from a Catholic priest of the name of Ronge, published in all the protestant papers, and affixed to the walls of all public places, in which he protested against this imposition on the credulity of the multi tude, and upon this needless proclamation of one of the most pernicious follies and weak nesses of the Roman Church. "For that the Council of Trent, whilst it permitted and pres cribed a due feeling and respect for all holy relics as memorials of ancient piety, still ex- pressly disavows any direct adoration of relics and pictures, and directs all bishops and priests to take care in the teaching the due honour and veneration to be rendered to relics and sacred pictures, that the people be fully led to understand that there is nothing divine, and no power of miracles, in such relics and pictures themselves; but that the honour shown to them refers merely to respect and endearment for the persons or things they represent.' Now there are two leaders for this second Reformation; the first, Ronge, whose protest we have just given; second, Czerski, also a Catholic priest, who made public at the same time the following declaration :-" I re nounce the Pope, and the false doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, but I remain a Catholic Christian and a Catholic priest. I will not be a Lutheran or a Calvinist, but ac cording to the precepts of Christ and his apostles, I am and will be an apostolic Catho lic Christian." Such was the commencement of this Refor mation, and the two above papers were scarcely made public, before many hundred thousand men, of all towns and districts in Germany, immediately rallied around the persons of Ronge aad Czerski, compelling them to come forth from their village cures, and in the face of the State and Church to denounce the errors which they had so forcibly reprobated. Ronge and Czerski being thus called upon seemed to have convened a meeting of their follow ers at Breslaw, the capital of Silesia, and there to have agreed upon and made public the following creed, which may therefore be considered as the articles of the Reformation now proceeding :— Confession of Faith of the New Reformed Church of Germany under J. Czerchi and J. Ronge, Ca tholic Priests. Breslau, 16th of February, 1845 :— I. We declare ourselves free from the Roman bishop. 3\. The foundation and structure of Christian faith is the holy Scriptures. 5\. Its free examination and exposition no authority ought to restrain. 4\. As the substantial contests of our religious belief, we present the following form of it:— I believe in God the Father, who by his almighty word created the world, and rules it in wisdom, justice, and love. I believe in Jesus Christ our Saviour, who by his teaching, his life, and his death, redeemed us from sin and slavery. 1 believe in the working of the Holy Ghost on earth, in a holy general Christian church, forgiveness of sins, and life everlasting. Amen. 5\. We acknowledge only two sacraments as appelated by Christ—l. Baptism. 2. The Lord's Supper. 6\. We retain the baptism of infants, receiving them after sufficient education in religion, by a solemn ad- mission, as self-seting members of our congregation. 7\. The Lords Supper will be administered, after con- secration to Christ, in both elements, to the congrega- tion. The congregation receives it as a sommemorative feast of the sufferings and death of their Lord and Sa- viour Jesus Christ. Auricular confession is rejected. 8\. We acknowledge marriage to be an appointment of God, and therefore holy for man; and we retain the church ceremony of marriage. In relation to conditions or impediments to marriage, we acknowledge only the laws of the land as binding. 9\. We believe and acknowledge that Christ is the only mediator between God and man. We reject, there- fore, the invocation of saints, the veneration of pictures and relics, the remissions and pilgrimages. 10\. We believe that the so-called good works have only a value in so far as they proceed from a Christian spirit. We reject, therefore, all fasts. 11\. We believe and acknowledge that it is the first duty of a Christian to show his faith through works of a Christian spirit. 12\. The essential parts of Divine Service consist in teaching and edification. The mass will be celebrated in the language of the country, and according to the practice of the oldest churches, modified with a regard to the wants of the age. The participation of the con- gregation, and the mutual working between them and the minister, are considered essential demands in Divine Service. 13\. The Divine Service of the church is as follows:- 1\. The commencing hymn; 2. General confession of sin; 3. Lord have mercy upon us; 4. The song of praise - glory be to God in the highest; 5. The prayers of the collect; 6. The epistle; 7. The Gospel; 8. The sermon, with the usual prayers; and before and after the sermon a verse of a hymn; 9. The confession of faith; 10. A passage selected from the passion of the consecration of the holy supper of our Lord, instead of the canon of the mass; 11. The hymn, Holy! holy! holy. During the communion the congregation sing the hymn, O Lamb of God; 12. The Lord's Prayer; 13. Concluding song of the congregation; 14. Blessing. 14\. Besides this head service, in the afternoon will be catechising or edifying discourses. 15\. We observe no festivals or holidays, but those or- dered by the law of the land. 16\. The foundation of a church constitution is the congregational constitution, according to the example of the primitive church of Christ. 17\. At the head of the congregation is the minister and elders elected yearly at Whit Sunday. 18\. The minister is chosen by the congregation, and inducted by a solemn set into his office. The election can only be from divines who produce testimonials of their theological knowledge and unblemished character. The order for the celibacy of the clergy is annulled. 19\. For the present, what is wanted to support the minister and carry on Divine Service, will be defrayed by members of the congregation, each contributing accord= ing to his means. 20\. All services of religion will be performed equally by tbe minister for every member of the congregation ; and all fee*, «r payments for such services, are abulbb *d* 21\. The reception of new members into the coogre- I gstaon takes place by acknowledging the confession of I faith before the elder* and minister. j 22\. Memben joming the congregation from religious j societies not of the Christian faith, most first be admit ted to baptism, after doe instruction is Christianity. Having unintentionally in a preceding paper mis-stated the received tenets of these Reform ists, we have thought it oar duty to give the above full account of what they are teaching and preaching, and we have no doubt but that the above statement will afford equal pleasure to all oar Christian readers. Indeed, the above creed scarcely differs from the thirty nine articles of oar English Church, and we find it rather difficult to understand how, with such a confession of faith, one of these Reform en can disavow that he and his new church are Lutherans. There is scarcely an article in it hot what Luther might have subscribed, or in any mode (except as to the election of priests by their congregations) differing from our English Protestant Church. Wef?eWs Weekly Messenger) have re ceived the following letter from a correspon dent, in consequence of the article which ap peared in our paper of August 30:— There appears (abmi material difference between the confcmiun of faith of tbe new German Reformed Church es given in yonr paper of the 3 Kh August, on two most important puula, and onr English Established Church, which yon say yon do not perceive ; lam therefore in duced te eall yonr attention to i.. There is no acknow ledgment of the Divinity of our Savior, nor of that of the Holy Ghost, so that, by the vagueness of its terms, Unitarians, Socinians, and all who deny the Divine na ture of Christ may subscribe the whole of it as well as ourselves. To prove that snch is not the case with our Esta blished Church, I refer you to tbe second, fifth, and se venth of her articles. I cannot suppose that in so im portant a document Luther would nave been content, or felt that he had discharged his conscience by such a con fession of such as this. I am quite willing to give Messrs Ronge and Czersky credit for a great many steps in the right direction, and hope they may see their way yet more dearly ; but I cannot allow their declaration of faith as given in your paper to go forth to the world as identical with that of our Established Church without notice. Perhaps the following extract from a letter just published by Czersky will assure our res pected correspondent as to the evangelical cha racter of the sentiments of that reformer. We believe that some fears are entertained es to the soundness of Rouge's views on the points men tioned by our correspondent, but we have hope, from the apparent sterling honesty of his cha- | racter, that he is a sincere inquirer after truth;' if this be the case, we have no doubts as to the result. Czersky says, in the letter alluded to — I left the Church of Rome, impelled by a living faith in Jesus Christ, the son of the living God (with tbe sa crifice of many worldly advantages, and even at the risk of my life), to oppose the destructive traditions and su perstitions of the Romish Church; but with an equally steadfast resignation I take my stand against all unbelief, in whatever form it may appear, and am very far from making common cause with any who do not acknowledge Jesus Christ m* the Son of God. My circular letter, therefore, is not directed against the Leipsic conference individually, but against the elements of unbelief, wher ever, and by whomsoever they may be professed ; for, to keep silence when the truths of Christianity require de bate, is to sin against my Lord and Master Jesus Christ; ** whosoever shall confess me before men htm will [ con fess before my Father in Heaven,*' is HU own declara tion. Nor did £ ever subscribe to the Leipsic confession of frith, which by os> means satisfied me, bat only put down my name as one vf the persons present at the con ference; and all who have the weal of the young cause at heart must condemn as criminal every attempt to in troduce unbelief within its pale under any garb what ever. My circular letter cannot possibly offend any bat such as are wholly devoid of faith in' Christ, and are therefore "enemies of His cross, whose God is their beHy. who glory in their shame, who seek earthly things." (PUi. uL 18, 19 ) To sueh M the doctrine of Jesus is a stumbling-block, and the preaching of the cross foolish net*.** (I Cor. L It—23). [ appeal therefore to all spmtaaUy- nuaunu Christians, and eall upon them iu the Apostle's wards, •« Separate yourselves from supersti tion, east off antiquated Cables," reject vain traditions, but bold fast tbe faith of Jesus Christ, the Son of the Bring God; " Flee unbelief I Let us strive to follow after tbjbteeurneis, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness, to f%«t tbe good fight of faith, and to lay hold ef eternal life to which we are also called.'* (1 Tim. vL 11—12.) ** Let our conversation be in heaven, from which also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall transform our frail body unto tbe iasage of bis glorious bodv, by that mighty power with which be is able to subdue' all things to himself." (Phil, fit 20—21) [Froej the MUnumg Hermld, sth Sept.] We received yesterday a letter from one of the most distinguished and liberal Protestant divines in Germany, partly on the subject of the present religious movements in that coun try. The letter was not intended for publica tion, bat as the opinion of our correspondent ■o entirely coincides with those we have re peatedly expressed, we do not consider we shall be guilty of any indiscretion or breach of trust if we give a few extracts from it Behe*e sae (says ear correspondent) Romanist sapre amsey ia at aa ead la this country. There may possibly ha a few trifttag straggles more through die obstinacy ead foadaess to rsJe «f ear petty sovereigns, bat the Basra powerful aad enlightened governments will soon eoavatee these refers that it is foolish aad idle to oppose i the mia>tyewjrae*«rfrivilisatiMi and light. The Pope 1 wffl, ae«aaht, if he penwteres ia his present mode of proceedi?gs. largely contribute to shorten these strag gles. What effect can balls «nd brieb, commending bis clergy in this eoaatry to be anre zealous ia their preacb iag the doctrines ef the Roman Church have at this timaf Preaching, if it dots not emanate from the heart, bat w only produced by fear of the loss of a good liviegr, assuredly will sever go to the hearts of the hearers. The Roman Catholic clergy in this country are peculiarly situated ever since a regeneration took place hi ear own church and among our own clergy. The atojortty ef the Roaiaain priests are fond of associa ttag with their Pretestaat brethren, because they see and eekaowbdge dak superior piety aad learning, but they dare But. Appreheasioa that die Vatican b but too reedy to swallow their rich sees and prebends keeps | them from acting as most of them assuredly would. Thfc, I betteve, b short- sighted ea their part. We have cer tamly hi aw Chweh no Archbishop of Cologne, of | Maoater, oref Posee, wohan income of from 50,000 to 60.000 thalers a-yesr; but, oa the whole, I believe that it is n<9t too much to say, that ear clergy are quite as well provided for as that of Rome in this country ; which proves that the different governments immediately after the Westphaliaa peace understood so veil how to take care ef the property ef the Church, that it has remained uoimpairea during the terrible struggles of the seven I yean* war, as well as during the wars consequent upon tha French revolution. So far our correspondent. What we would particularly remark in this short extract is, I his allusion to the peculiar situation of the] Roman Catholic clergy in a Protestant coun try We need, at least, cross one or other i channel to see the evil consequences of this unfortunate mixture. We have had occasion to have a good deal of intercourse with Roman Catholic priests in purely Roman Catholic countries,and we have invariably found amongst them a fair proportion of truly pious, charita ble, and, in every respect, estimable men ! But, alas ! we feel compelled to say, that we have found the reverse in countries half Romanist half Protestant. Westphalia is perhaps the most lamentable instance of that kind; and to the clergy of that country his Holiness the Pope has, according to the last accounts, thought proper to address violent suggestions | for the purpose ol rekindling their zeal. The population of that country is nearly equally di vided between the two churches. The Pro testant clergy is, perhaps, one of the best educated and most enlightened in Germany, from the circumstance that the country is al most surrounded by a line of the best and most celebrated Protestant universities. The contrast which hence arises is glaring and la ! mentable indeed. The Protestant population is well educated, industrious, and, consequently comparatively wealthy; while, on the con trary, the Roman Catholics are ignorant, lazy, and poor. As to the revenues of tbe two churches we would venture to say that the ba lance will incline in favour of that of Rome. A blessing it is, indeed, that under these cri tical circumstances, one of the most enlight ened Protestant monarchs in Europe rules over that country. An address from Grabowske, late Roman Catholic priest, and now pastor of the German Catholic Church in Koningsburg, to the Epis copal Vicar General in Pelplin, has just appear ed. It contains the following remarkable passages:— *' I was eight years a Roman Ca tholic priest, and never was counted amongst the least respectable. None of my clerical superiors ever threw even a shadow of reproach upon my character; but behold! no sooner have 1 conscientiously cast off the flourish yoke, than I am accused of having twice or thrice infringod the laws of celibacy! True, 1 have broken that law; I will not attempt to deny it; and to evince the sincerity of my con fession, I now iutimate to the episcopal vicarial the course I intend to pursue. I have long been collecting materials, and I will forthwith publish my life while a Roman Catholic priest. I will lay open the secrets of the pastorage, and bring to light the rottenness of the whited sepulchres. Mankind will thank me for re vealing to them a unique science, of which they have hitherto had no suspicion, and it will be for the public to judge between me and the right rev. vicariat, and to pronounce whether it be not more honourable to relinquish house, home, and a considerable income, rather than to remain shiouded in the nimbus of a hypo critical sanctity, and to live avowedly, as well as really, like other men."—Konigsburg, Au gust^ 1843. The Elberfeld Gazette states that the con version of Roman Catholic priests to the Ger man Catholic Church is increasing daily. At Sarbruck a converted priest had been installed pastor. From Manheim we learn that the German Catholics had invited a celebrated preacher named Loose to preach to them ; the authorities interfered, but as the law was against them the congregation assembled to the number of nearly 300. The censor pro hibited the local journal to put in even an advertisement of the arrival of Mr. Loose. The Frankfort Journal notices the arrival of Mr I menced his addresses to a large congregation to which he was presented by Dr. Hammer, when a police agent interfered and ordered the assembly to disperse; the order was at once obeyed, but when a gencTarme laid hU hands on Mr Loose, the people interfered and secured him. Mr Loose then presented himself to the chief magistrate of that town. The Catholics of the Grand Duchy of Hesse are about to address to the reigning prince a petit ion to allow them to hold public worship in the Evangelical churches offered to them by their Protestant brethren. The first public worship of the German Ca tholics in Stettin, was held on the 18th August, i Czersky preached first; Pastor Branner, from Berlin, second. The hall of the Gymnasium, , which had been granted for the occasion, was crowded to excess. The second priest of the Hamburg Roman Catholic Congregation, named Hermann Wit tig, has published his renunciation of ** Rome and its Hierarchy 19 in a letter dated Magdeburg, August 22, and his adhesion to the German Catholic Church. The eldership of the German Reformed Church in Frankfort (am Maine) has anani- ; mously accorded the use of their church to: the German Cathlics, for their worship, for six months, in the hope that before the expiry of this term they will be in possession of a se parate place of worship. The congregation have the prospect of soon obtaining a clergy man, independent of Kirbler, whose time is necessarily so much occupied in ministering to the surrounding and still unpastored Rhenish German Catholic congregations. The Constitutionnel states that the King of Prussia has refused to accede to the request of the Catholic German Princes, made at the suggestion of the Court of Rome, that he would adopt energetic measures for the repression of the schism which has recently sprung up in the Catholic Church. After reminding the applicants of the refusal of Rome to interfere to put a stop to the incendiary proceedings of the Jesuits, the answer of the King states that the present movement is only the result of the culpable conduct which the Ultramontanists have pursued towards Prussia. We read in a letter from Taraowiz, in Si [lesia, dated the 30th August:—« fM. Ronge arrived here this evening at eight o'clock. An immense crowd assembled in front of the hotel where he alighted, and uttered cries of ' Death to Ronge. 9 Sad excesses would prob&bly; have taken place, but for the exhortations of some moderate Roman Catholics, who induced the crowd to disperse."— Galignani. A letter from Leipsic, July 11, says that the church in which the altar of St. Ignatius de Loyola is placed, has just been closed, in con sequence of the Roman Catholic commune having embraced German Catholicism. In reference to the riots at Leipzig, conse quent upon the visit of Prince John to that place, and his known opposition to the new doctrine, which led to the melancholy loss of life we gave an account of a short time since, a Leipsic letter of the 14th August, has the following:— " There is the best feeling here towards the King, bat this is not the case as regards other members of the Royal family. A meeting has taken place of 700 stu dents and 2000 citizens, io which it was declared that the murder of the citizens should be avenged, bnt only by legal means. A deputation was sent to the King, calling for a strict inquiry into the melancholy affair. His Majesty said that this event was one of the most cruel trials of bis life, and that be was the more grieved tbat such an event should have occurred in Saxony, and particularly in Leipsic, as he and his family bad always put up the most ardent prayers for the good of the country, without ever vi lating their duty." The flood of publications which this reform I movement has produced is astonishing, and the success with which they are spread no less so. Even in Bavaria, where no bookseller dare harbour them, they are smuggled from hand to hand, and the name of Ronge and his sentiments familiar in many a house where the authority of the priest still outwardly holds full sway. The movement which now agitates the reli gious world in Germany extends largely into the masonic lodges. They are divided into the electx system, and such as intend to bring the royal craft more in unison with the moral ethic tenets of Christianity. The lodges of Berlin and Frankfort—very important in the I system of German Freemasonry—are for the latter course: but those of Berlin have not yet made any positive declaration to that effect. Jn Austria, Freemasonry is still pro hibited. No sooner has the excitement of royal fes tivities begun to subside on the banks of the Khine than pilgrimages are again set on foot. One, to a much-honoured, miracle-working image of the Virgin at Kavalaer, has been, it is said, visited during one week by 15,000 to 20,000 pilgrims, chiefly females. The 18th of August, the anniversary of (he last year's me morable exhibition of the sacred coat, was celebrated by a great procession. In Treves, the faithful marched to the cathedral with music playing and banners flying. I So far we are indebted to our English files. From the passengers by the George Washing- \ ton we have been able to glean the informa- J tion, that the spirit of religious innovation is i spreading very widely and in every direction in Germany, not confining itself to the mere Catholic countries, but causing no little effer vescence in those parts, which were heretofore considered as Protestant, par eminence. An outline of the intended confessions, or auto biography of Grabouski had found its way to the public of Germania, and is eaid to contain disclosures of so startling a nature, as to draw down upon the head of its supposed au thor the direst maledictions of the Roman Ca tholic clergy; whilst Ronge and Czersky were quietly, but not the less effectually working in their particular sphere in a manner which threatened to shake the old and received forms of worship like an earthquake: their followers appear to be increasing in numbers and intre pidity, and already do the secular powers hesi tate whether to meet the new doctrines with the scourge of authority and oppression, or to seek some middle course, by temporising with the self-appointed apostles of the new doctrines. As is usually the case in such contests, the passive resistance of the many seems to be likely to triumph over the inert resistance of the few, and we shall not be at all surprised to hear in the course of a few months, either that the influence of Rome has been forced silently to succumb to a movement which will \ strip it of all its adventitious advantages over the mind of the illiterate, or at least uninformed mass of its adherents in the wide country bounded by the Baltic and the Mediterranean, or that a new religious war has been kindled in these rich and flourishing countries, the issue of which cannot be anticipated by even the most gifted of mortals, but only lies in the ken of the Great Ruler of the universe. In addition to this great anti-Roman move ment is another, not less significant in itself or likely to be bounded in its operations. The enquiries incident upon the exposures and op position of Ronge and his co-adjutors, of pa pistical iniquities has excited a strong spirit of investigation into the doctrines of Lutheranism, , and a desire to do away with many of those observances and forms, which for the last three centuries have been held to be essentials in this particular form of dissent from the Church of Rome has shown itself in so decided a man ner, that the ferment in the Lutheran commu nity of Germany is hardly less than that oper ating in the Catholic portion of the people. The feeling was not badly illustrated by an intelligent emigrant, who compared the present I state of the conntry to that of £the crater of a volcano, which having been long at rest, begins to give forth intimation of a renewal of its de structive energies, by a heaving, and boiling, and bubbling up of the ingredients concealed beneath its surface, indicating a near and vio lent outbreak, but how, and when, and in what direction no one may divine. A wag, hearing that the Rev. Hugh M'Neile bad been appointed «me of the canons of Chester Cathe dral, observed that the reverend gentleman bad been a great gun for some time; and therefore the transaction was natural. 