'&ftetttt;|irç» G From the £<uïi&nrjA; series, Jan. 19) ART. II.- 1. Actenmassige Darstellung Meek fciJLrdiger Verbrechen. VON ANSELN RITTER VON FEUERBACH. Narratives of Remark- able Crimes, compiled from the Official Records. By ANSELM VON FEUERBACH.) Giessen: 1839. '6 4 2 Strafgçjsezbuch fur das Königreich Bayern. fPenyl Code of the Kingdom of BaearJa.J Momob: 1838. (Continued from our last.) We have seen that, until a late stage of the enquiry, a German prisoner knows nothing of the depositions against him. Riembauer, therefore, could not tell what had been Catherine's evidence. But Feuerbach remarks, that if he had heard every word of it, his own statement could not have been more skilfully framed. Ordinary criminals, when they are first examined, deny every thing. intelligent ones endeavour to assume the frankness of innocence. In order to give credibility to their denials and explanations, they admit what they know must have been proved, so far, at least, as such admission does not amount to pleading guilty to the whole charge. There can be no doubt, indeed, that his story was ready prepared. For six years the chance of detection had been before him. He must have decided what he should do, and what he should say, in every contingency. And his decision had been, not to pretend any thing so improbable as ignorance of the whole matter, but to admit both the fact of the murder, and that the widow, her daughter, and he himself, were privy to it. The catastrophe and the dramatis persona remained unaltered; all that he did was to transpose the characters. He converted Magdalena from a witness into a perpetrator, and himself from a perpetrator into a witness. He endeavoured also, but apparently without success, to suborn some of his friends to swear that Magdalena had confessed to them that she was the murderer. Most of his letters were intercepted. One of them is given by Fever back. It is addressed to a priest, and implores him to give the requisite testimony in consideration of their mutual affection, of the grief with which his conviction would fill his friends, of the reproach which it would throw on the clergy, and of the scandal which it would be to the believers among the laity. The inquiry was now directed towards Anna Eichstaedter. It was soon proved that there had been such a person that she had been remarkable for her tall powerful figure, and handsome features, and particularly for the beauty of her teeth that she had lived as cook in the parsonage of Hirnheim in 1863, when Riembauer was curate there; and that she had borne him a daughter, who was still living. Riembauer, it appeared, supported the child, and had contributed to the support of the mother until the beginning of 1867, when the purchase of Thomas of, and his buildings and improvements there, embarrassed him. This occasioned her visit to Lauterbach in June. In consequence of the letter which she left for him, Riembauer soon afterwards went to Ratisbon, gave her some money and promised more, but strictly enjoined her not to come near him at Lauterbach. He was unable, however, to keep his promise, and she engaged herself to a priest residing at P-, about fifteen or sixteen miles from Lauterbach ; but requested leave, before finally entering his service, to visit her friends. In the afternoon of the 1st of November 1897, she left her new master's house, taking with her an umbrella with the priest's initials, P.D., engraved on the handle. From that time she had never been heard of. Until the discovery of her remains, it had been supposed that she had been drowned in one of the torrents which cross that mountainous country, and her body swept into the Danube; or that she had been destroyed by a note rious brigand, who at that time infested the neighbourhood of Ratisbon, and was executed the next year. A few days after her disappearance, the priest of P-, suspecting her to be at Thomas of, wrote to Riembauer, and begged him to tell her that, if she had changed her mind as to entering his service, he wished to have his umbrella returned to him. Riembauer's answer was, that he knew nothing about her or the umbrella. It was found, however, in his possession, still marked with the initials of its original owner. It was further ascertained that Riembauer had lived a very dissolute life, and that his profligacy, and the necessity of concealing it, had led him into expenses far exceed- ing his lawful means, and supplied therefore by fraud and extortion. One of Catherine's accusa- tions, that he had been the active cause of the deaths of her mother and sister, was not substantiated. It was proved, indeed, that during their illness Riembauer had kept them secluded, and had allowed no priest or professional man to approach them, but when their bodies were disinterred no decisive traces of poison were found. The better opinion seemed to be, that they had caught from an Austrian soldier, whom they had received and nursed in the parsonage, the military fever then raging in Bavaria, and had died naturally, though perhaps for want of attention and medical treatment. In England the matter would now have been ripe for decision. That on the 1st of November 1867, Anna Eichstaedter was murdered at Thomas- hof would have been considered as proved. All that a jury would have to decide was, whether they believed the statement of Catherine or that of Riembauer. There was no physical improbability in Catherine's story. Anna Eichstaedter was indeed a vigorous woman, but Riembauer was a powerful man, and probably exceeded her in strength as much as she exceeded the generality of women. It was, without doubt, morally improbable that a man of reputation for piety should have been guilty of a frightful crime ; but against this were to be set far greater opposing improbabilities. In the first place, there was a physical difficulty in Riembauer's narrative. Magdalena was small and weak ; it seemed impossible that she. could have overpowered a tall strong woman. Then her mildness and softness of disposition were as remarkable as Riembauer's sanctity. In her case, too, there was almost an absence of motive. She could have had no hatred of Anna Eichstaedter, for she had never seen her before, and she could not hope to retain her place in Riembauer's household by committing a murder almost in his presence. On the other hand, Eichstaedter's death relieved Riembauer from an enemy who threatened to ruin his reputa- tion, stop his advancement, and perhaps destroy his means of existence. The subsequent conduct of the parties, too, is consistent only with the theory of Riembauer's guilt. At first sight indeed it seems strange, on that supposition, that the widow and her daughter, should have continued to live with him. But they had venerated him up to that time ; he had subjected their minds by the ascendency of his station, talents, and knowledge ; he was their spiritual director, and he had made himself master of their property. On the other hand, if he were innocent that he, a man, as he represented himself, of scrupulous piety, should have shielded a murderess and her accomplice, qaouJdbaye allowed them to. bury in his owner's., flfiuM the body of his murdered, friend, and, should SUVA rajaiAfti than. Uli, their deaths M bit more aoineiUc associates, U. inconceivable. He would probably have been tried at the first pasizes after -Catherine's information was laid ; the proceedings could scarcely have outlasted one day and unless there was some technical flaw, unless the copyist perhaps left put in the dictment the words " then and there or wrote Eichstaedter's name Hannah, instead of Anne or Mary instead of Maria, the judge would have summed up unfavourably, and the jury would have convicted him without leaving the box. Such a decision, obtained by balancing conflict ing improbabilities, however deeply the preponderating scale may incline, does not satisfy a German jurist. In the first place, the proof of the that best and, the physical fact of the murder, was im- perfect. The wound, which had caused death by dividing the arteries of the neck, had reached no bone. The skeleton, therefore-and, after six years, only a skeleton remained showed no injury, and the that-bestand, as we have seen, ought to be proved by inspection. And secondly, Catherine was only a single witness, and her evidence, therefore, only a half proof. The untersuthungs richter, therefore, who had no more doubt as to Riembauer's guilt than Rn English juryman would have had, directed his whole energy, and his whole skill, to the leading or drawing him to a full confession. But he had to deal with a man as determined, and perhaps as sagacious as himself, who had long meditated his defence, and was resolved that neither fatigue, nor shame, nor despondency, nor even the horrors of an indefinite imprisonment, should force him to assist in his own condemnation. For four years the contest continued. Iliembauer endured ninety-nine formal examinations ; besides confrontations with separate witnesses which Feuerbach calls innumerable. The depositions filled forty-two folio volumes. Still little progress was made. The accused generally acted the part of a persecuted Christian, who hears with patience the falsehoods and the misrepresentations by which he is assailed. If he sometimes broke into the sudden anger of a calumniated man, he instantly apologized, and relapsed into the mild tone and half smile which marked his usual demeanour. Sometimes, Indeed, in a confrontation, he assumed the dignity of a preacher, and rebuked the witnesses for their perjury; sometimes he burst into laughter at the absurdity of their inventions and sometimes he wept over his own oppressed and defenceless state-a prey to all his own enemies and to all those of the church, inspired and directed by Satan himself; and sometimes he had recourse to the most vehement asseverations. ' If he stood on the scaffold,' he said, with a thousand devils before him, he could only repeat with his last breath his former story. His heart, he assured the judge, was as spotless as snow. He only * wished that his bosom were transparent. How was it possible that a priest could commit murder, and continue his priestly functions, knowing, ' as he must know, that the murder made him ipso 'facto irregular and excommunicated, and guilty of ' a fresh and mortal sin whenever he administered 4 the sacraments? Was it conceivable that any ' man in his senses would touch the divine elements with hands stained with innocent blood, and incur the probability of temporal punishment and the * certainly of eternal damnation ?" Feuerbach has given us, at some length, part of one of these examinations. It began at four in the afternoon of the 1st of November, the anniversary of the murder. From that time until midnight, the judge strove to convince his understanding, by showing the separate and the cumulative force of the evidence against him, and to rouse his conscience, by urging the wickedness as well as the folly of persisting in falsehood. For eight consecutive hours he remained apparently unaffected. At length the judge suddenly raised a cloth, under which lay a human skull. This, he said is the ' skull of Anna Eichstaedter, still remarkable by these rows of beautiful teeth.' Riembauer sprang up from his chair, looked wildly at the judge, but immediately resumed his composure and his fixed smile, placed himself so as to avoid looking at the skull in front, and answered, ' My conscience is at 'ease. This day eight years, as I returned from ' Pirkwang, I found that skull, and the body of which it formed a part lying dead in my room. ' If it could speak, it would say, Riembauer was my friend, not my murderer. You see that I breathe freely in its presence. I am not a crime * nal, but a victim. When the whole of that long day's examination had been read over and signed by him, the judge again led him in front of the skull, and again exhorted him to repent and confess. He was not unaffected, but soon resumed his tranquillity and his smile, and exclaimed, addressing the skull, . Oh ! if you could speak, you would prove my veracity.' At length, on the 26th of October 1816, the inquiry was terminated, and the papers were sent to Munich for the decision of the superior court; the court which inquires, and that which decides, being, as we have seen, always distinct. On the 1st of October 1827 (the date is material, as showing the pace at which justice moves in Germany,) the matter came on for discussion by the superior court. How long that discussion would have lasted, or what would have been the decision, we do not know; for on the eighth day it was interrupted by a communication from the court at Landshut. On the 13th of October, the prisoner had asked for an audience, and had declared that he had prayed to the Holy Ghost to assist his memory, and was now convinced that the story in which he had persisted for four years was incorrect; and that in fact it was the widow Frauenknecht, not the daughter, who had committed the murder. It was obvious that his resolution was giving way ; his appetite had begun to fail, and on the 26th he asked for another audience, on the ground that he feared his mind was becoming disturbed, and hoped that a frank confession might give him ease. In that audience he threw himself on his knees before the judge, implored that his trial might be brought to an end, said that he was tired of life, and driven almost wild by spectral appearances. Visions of those whom he had known, and of others whom he had not known, appeared in his cell, and for three nights following immediately after the Ave Maria, he had heard a dull awful sound, resembling that of a muffled drum. But he still could not bring himself to confess. When the judge remarked, that the length of the inquiry, and the consequent injury to his mind and body, were his own fault, he answered, that his misery arose not, as the judge seemed to hint, from consciousness of unrevealed guilt, but from sleepless nights and that he had already told all that he knew, and all that he believed. But there was something in his manner that induced the judge to return to the attack. He again went over all the improbabilities, the inconsistencies, and the detected falsehoods of the prisoner's story again reproached him with the folly, the wickedness, and the de- gradation of persisting in untruth, and again urged him to relieve his conscience by a full confession. | Feuerbach was a man of great powers, both of reasoning and persuasion, and Riembauer, broken down, both physically and mentally, now gave up the contest. 4 Yes,' he said Mr. Commissioner, ' you are right. My health is sinking every day, and I feel that the best thing that I can now do is to admit my guilt. But. while I take, this decided step, let me implore the royal protection, for my innocent children. And. now. you may take down a my confession. Catherine's evidence is, essentially Mr tie. It was I who deprived Anna Eichsiaedler 'of life.' , (ToJ)eopii<sIiHl<idinpar4iqxtO 