? > ..' TUHNING THE TABLES. ¡... ' ? 'On Monday last,' the'. 10th instant,', ibo noto- rious Hurray, who. lias loug followed the.vampire calling of a bailiff, wu» committed'for trial for rf gross assault lipon the person or Ann Macintosh, alias Duffy. The offence was perpetrated under most aggravated circumstances, which originated in the'fellow's being employed to lovy for arrears of rent. It appeared that a mon named M'Knight had let a tenement to John Duffy, with whom thc prosecutrix cohabited, and the landlord being de- sirous of getting his tenant out of the premises, had sent him a notice 'that if be,did not quit the house his rent would be doubled. Duffyj however, seemed to understand thc law of the case, and paid no attention to _the. illegal notification ; and, M'Knight having fallen iniwith Murray, authorised that contemptible .excressence of ofliciality to draw; up the necessary deed for distraining for Os. as: rent, and also to deliver the notice to quit, or to bo- under double, rental. M'Knight, by his own ac- count, could not read, and placed his mark to the document in which, to usc his pwn words, " Murray hod' pnt just what, lie thought proper," . Murray, without troubling himself to get u witness to the man's onoss, hied, away to Duffy, and demanded, of him 12s. for two' weeks' rent, at Os. weekly, 'asl per distress produced, serving tho notice on him ut thc same time. , This extortionate demand,was very properly refused, aud in the course of tlie dav- ine amount actually due, viz., Os., was: placed on the table before the fellow, who, aftcrsrjnie lapse! of ijme,', pocketed the , dumps, and gaye, .Duffy a! ,receipt for:the money ," on account,''.subsequently! demanding .Iiis expenses-what they "were he ap-i peered very unwilling to divulge in Court- mi'd . he confessed that in giving"thc receipt.he.did not cu-. Righten thc tenant as to the receipt, being given on account. Duffy then ordered him out of his house, but -he'stuck like a brick, aud the'man ultimately .went out, leaving his wife a-sleep on the bed. About ll o'clook ho returned home, und heard tho-voice; of his wife storming at'Mnrray ; he burst open the, door, aüd beheld the bailiff brandishing an iron bar at tho woman. Duffy culled npou ,the brute not to strike with tho weapon ; after which Murray was struck " by a rasp by his victim, who informed her protector of the'villainons attempt made iippii1 her by the beast who.had forced.himself ¡um-.tho: house under colour of the law. On hearing this, Murray,'pretended that: it was all a sen AME to get j him out of- the house, and threatened-what he; \vóiild 'do óu the following'day. Duffy succeeded in. pacify tug "tlie woman, by assuriug lier that he would apply for redress, at the Police Office', oii the "ensuing morning, and accordingly proceeded, to perform'hispromise; but to bis excessive dismay ' and astonishment.he was soon made aware,that the harpy had stolen'a march npou hitn¡ for both'hiui self lind his helpmate were consigned to ' durance vile' iii separate watch-houses, on "the charge pf assaulting the bailiff . while in'thc exercise.of .his duty !' ;On Duffy and tho woman being brdught'up , to answer tho charge, the fellow, unfortunately for himself, overrun thc constable, by going into un- necessary details regarding the'cause of this autho- rised visit. -lu the course of his voluntary state 'tnnnt, ho swore that tho man M'Knight had directed :him ,to fill up'the warrant for 12s., being two weeks at Us. each week, and also that he had to give notice that, for the future tlie rcnttwould be raised uv Os. .instead of the . former rate of 3S. weekly. This M'Kuight,'when sworn, positively denied," ackno;y : ledgiug only-to have directed him to give notice of : .the reut being raised, and to levy for Os. due for 2 weeks. ' Murray, in' reply to' the Mayor, admitted 'the tender of Os. from' Duffy, and that lie gaye.him .a -receipt pu account, afterwards, demanding his' ;'.'> expenses," but didi not tell tho defendant .what' .d.ieiV'w.ii.-üUii ,«--5 <\- : !. '-:t.-.-;-.i eilt.h«il'k«- : ll««ii<s:cjm.a-.ri. :.i:.'3i¡-.ii-o'-ii!^;-.. .»iii ai iti$û a j tiley were, .further than that if he bad to stay nu ti the'next day 'they would amount to 18s. ' On hi: refusing,, he insolently' "declared"thailie.vAild re maia in the house until paid, ile further co'ufessei that 'after ha had got the parties apprehended, tba lie had returned to thc house, seized such goods ai he considered would bc of sufficient -value to cove: his charges, and had locked up the house while thc unfortunate, owners werç immured in prison." . .Mr. G.It. Nichols. being; iu Court, begged :tht permission of the Bench to take the business bf the poor people in his' hands, to ' which the ^Court as sented, as it was evidently .a case of great hardship. By cross-examining :Murray's witnesses, it waschen fo'tind, ; that üötiotie'scfa'tiilnA'of evidence Va's pro dnted, which could] prove the' alleged' assault; and thc "testimony pf a Slr. Welch, who depo3ed,'tlint he ,sttw.¡ Murray in-contact jnriüi - the woraaur<<whj>se ^cssiwaa .jlisórdered;. and. hor hair ^dishevelledj settled the question, anif 'the charge was'dismisse'd; 'to the great ' satisfaction-'of till1 present.' Mr. N, observed, that ue."ho'ped;that within à. month,' u'ano hut licensed.bailiffs would bc, ttijerotcd ju the city, and also intimated, that the affair, was; not yet over. The cross- examination ?woiïsumed ft considerable time; and would occupy more space than could be spared, which is to*be regretted; 'as the inferences drawn out, and the facts elicited by Mr..Nichols, displayed thc conduct of Murray ia the. most atro- cious light. On Monday, John Murray was charged by Ann Duffy nfias M'Intpsh, with,having committed an assault -with intent. Tlie complainant deposed^ that on Wednesday night last, her husband was absent, when the defendant came to tho bed while she was asleep, and nwoko- hor¿ -bb put his arm round.her waist, mid endeavoured': to keep-witness down; alio cried ont three times murder, murder, murder ! and was dambM down twice. Murray'thon seized a piece of iron, and swore by the Holy Ghost he would . do' Tit;' Witness called out to Mrs. M'Knight,, who was'next'doör, but she replied that her husband was abroad, and. she' could not help her. Witness's clothes, were, tom, her petticoats was dragged off her, and. Lei; hair about her ears, when Duffy burst in ; he cried to. the wretch not to strike n woman ; Mr. Welch stood at tho door when her petticoat fell off; witness was in a beastly state tlirongh' tlie 'defendant's-violence; He said' he would make ns. repent in the morning if I did'not comply with his wishes-his breeches Examined by Murray : It was 11 o'clock at night *, witness was sober ; bad sold ber bellows, not to spend the half-crown in drink, it made np the rent; . is as good as married to Duffy; the attempt was mado on Wednesday night; witness was appre- hended on Thursday, and wcut to the attorney on Friday ;' brought the. information on Saturday ; did not call yon a b-y dog; struck yo'ain self-defence willi a rasp. . . ...j... -, Mr. William Welch examined by Mr. Nichols ; Wont with Duffy to his house, about ll o'clock on j Wednesday night; ho was just ahead of mo; heard tho tongue of a woman going rapidly, scolding, saw complainant strike Murray; she told Duffy that he had taken liberties with her; saw her under gar raeut fall about her feet.'her hair hanging loosely, and her'tongue going awfully irregular. Murruy vowed it was all a S'CHAME to get him out of pos- session;, no one else was in tho house, witness j stood at the door, did not go inside. ?Rxamined by Murray : Don't know how the house j wns fastened ; saw something in tho woman's hand: j her.hns.bandjtold her to be "quiet,, she, replied she I could-not, on account of the way yon had used her; she dropped the'nrticlc', and struck the defendant with" her'ßst; John Duffy sworn':' Witness had left his wife asleep,on the bed on ¡Wednesday nighty returned as thc,clock struck ¡eleven. Mr. Welch was with witness, heard his wife's voice extraordinary laud, , and .shaved tho(door suddenly open ; tho door, lits very tight, did'ut appear, bolted ; witness's wife was " standing in her hair," with her petticoats on the floor; Murray had ari iron bar in his hand, called to him riot'to strike ; thc complainant began to cry, and,told witness,, who replied, that the Police Office was open to all, and be would go in the morning; told her to go to bed ; the defendant said it was all a ". SCHÄME ;" my wifo described how he used his cold hand, and how she.called out, and resisted. Witness did not strike Murray, but came next morning to Mr.-Windeyer.'who told him to see a| lawyer. . . .Was afterwards,apprehended, and my wife also, put in separate watohhbiises; while.in oustody the bailiff plundered my house, aud .locked it up. . Examined by Murray :-She strucTt'-'youi as:hard Wshe could. '" . '?" The'dcfendant made scarce any attempt at a de- fence,1 and Mr. Windeyer observing that there'was not- sufficient grounds'for 'committing him on- a charge of assault with iñtdht,'committed him foran' aggravated assault, allowing the fellow bail, himself iti £'iQ, and two'sWcties £10 each. The committal of'tho,'wretched 'büüVaffoided gratification to all ?assbmbled iii Court;1, who also apps'are'd greatly to j appreciate We'manuer; in which Mr. Nichols'had' given his generous", assistance to the' unfortunate! people ; 'and after rescuing them on'Friday, o'tit of the faugs'of the legal harpy, had'brought the brute, within the'm'eshes of the laws, which" he has pro-, b'ably often'outraged with impunity; If Mr., N.r'e deems his.pledge, that speedily none sayc.licerised1 bailiffs shall be permitted '.to' cixorcise'th'e.weighty ' respbrisibilites of 'th'ecóflic¿; he will,géfform au act of special charity aud justice..' Under present cir cumstatices, no'prohibition is in operation against these functions being assumed by thc most atrocious desperado iii existence", if ho bc so far favored by fortune'as lo avoid legal proof'bf his enormities. ; Tho brutalities inflicted ' upon the helpless-the extortion's griing-from thc needy and the friendless -thc gross' violations' of justice, daily practised by, thc insatiable blood-suckers, who have contrived to wriggle themselves into' the office ¡ri question -have i gone'far to^cxeite hatred' to tito laws, which a free people ought tb have every reason to venerate ; and it is in thc',last degree essential, that all of the vile miscreants-who now'batten upon tho miseries of the' hapless' arid indigent members of the 'cbni-' munity'rj-'shquh^ be iguoniinoiisly thrust'from the ofllce, tfhielTtliey have rendered a term of reproach, a,bye-word,'¿nd a cursp.'.^Bailiffs oiiglic to be ,men: of'a superior class of life,': who"," in ilia., exercise of "their' tiuplea's'anj'dijiy,'' woúld.dt>'iiolÍiiü¿ to |ncrens'ej \- .-,"v '.'V Vi !'.'.-.. .V-- - .>,;,;-;r;it.I i . ¡ ¡lie miseries of those who are visited by misfortunes, but viewing them as many find them, it isimposs sible to refrain from declaring, that a rn.ore de- testable and contemptible monster cannot'bo found in any other class of society, however depraved, iguorant, or accursed, than iii the vile, brutal, and hated fraternity. Of course, there are exceptions to this rule., but they ere lamentably few. Those, however, who possess some.of the better feelings of humanity, and have uot become fiendish.through the influence, of unchecked avarice, brutality, aud insolence, will gladly cheer Mr. Nichols iu tue. be- nevolent task-be has engaged. iu ; aud when he has succeeded-as lie doubtless must do-he, will have merited the gratitude of hundreds, ofyhe sorts: and daughters of^affliction.^vbó, sufferiug under the' villainies of these miscreants, have made them : dread as^thijj climax- of,,misfortune-the hateful ' visit of qTbailifl*. . . w! jlt " ; . , ; . 