THE LESSON OF LIFE. A HOUSEHOLD ROMANCE. Continued from our publication of Wedmesday last.) CHAPTER IV. ' And what— whet if the Jew give notice of the robbery ?' asked Belleville, almost stunned by the intelligence of the careless De la Jonquille. 'What if Aaron denounce the thief !' Think not of it, my dear Chevalier,' replied De la Jonquille ; ' the Jew is a man of honour. No, no— you have nought to fear." 'I — I fear !" exclaimed Belleville, looking fiercely at the immoveable Mar- quis ; let the felon tremble, — what have 1 to dread ?' ' Alas ! most spotless Chevalier,' re- plied De la Jonquille, with affected com- passion ; 'in this wicked working-day world, purity even as bright as yours will be dimmed be somewhat tarnished by [?] Now, though I, his friend, believe the Chevalier Belleville to be of a most an- cient honourable housee, there are unbe- lieving dullards who may wish to know his quarterings ; though I am well con- tent to think him rich as the Mogul, the sordid folks in Paris may sometimes ask to see his ready money. Truly, now, may it not be so, thrice noble Cheva- lier ?' ' Marquis !' cried Belleville, dwelling with significant emphasis on the word. 'Ha ! ha ! Confess — does not my Marquis sound as well as your Chevalier ! — has it not as true a ring ? Come, Belleville, let the meddling world if it choose play the herald with our titles, 'tis not for us to busy ourselves with such unprofitable employment. To me, you shall be prince if you will ; so, 1 pray you, let alone my humble marqui- sate.' Saying this, De la Jonquille, rocking himself in his chair, stared con- fidently at Belleville, confounded by the assurance of his companion. " I — I fear me, Marquis, that our tastes will henceforth unfit us for a communion that — ' ' No, no,' interrupted De la Jonquille, never believe it. I perceive your del- icacy ; you shrink from the superiority of my accomplishments.' I do, indeed,' replied Belleville, sternly. ' Tut ! the mere ignorance of modesty. Take the word of the Marquis de la Jon- quille — ha ! ha ! a blooming title, is't not ? — take his word, that you are in a fair way to eclipse even the brilliancy of his name. Oh, Chevalier and De la Jonquille gated intently at Belleville, ' you know not your powers — are even unconscious of your trlumphs." ' Enough of this — enough, that I know and loathe your infamy — that I com- mand you to be gone,' cried Belle- ville. ' And the bracelet — the diamonds, Chevalier,' said, the unmoved Marquis ; ' will you keep your trinket, or shall I pay the crowns ? Shall I — Madame Belleville !' and the Marquis bowed with his exelling grace as the matron entered the room. ' Madame Belle- ville, you come at a most happy moment. Let me ask a lady's taste. We talked of diamonds, and — ' I fear, Sir,' said Madame Belleville, coldly, ' that I have seen the spoil you speak of — fear I know its history.' ' Spoil is a harsh word from fair lips,' replied the unabashed Marquis; ' a cruel word ; for trust me, the Chevalier is the most punctilious player. I never knew a man bring such fine morality to the gaming-table ; cardinals might learn of him.' ' Another time for praise, most honourable Marquis,' said Belleville ; ' should we meet again, I may have bet- ter leisure to listen to this eulogy.' 'Tis always thus with him, Madame,' cried the smiling De la Jonquille ; 'deaf ears to his own merit), and the prompt est tongue for the virtues of his friend.' Belleville, almost maddened by the phlegmatic assurance of his visitor, was yet curbed by a lurking menace in his eyes. For a third time the Chevalier, bowed, and glanced towards the door ; and still the Marquis stood his ground, and smiled. ' Shall we meet to-night, Belleville ?' asked De la Jonquille ; or, for one evening, do you play the hermit ?' ' I have business, answered Belleville, drily ; ' business, it may be, of a deli- cate and curious import, with Eugene de Loire. You know the gentleman — if my memory fail not, noble Marquis, I have heard you say as much.' We have met,' answered De la Jon- quille, with composure, ' but our meet- ing was so brief, and the crowd so great I can hardly hope to linger in his memory.' ' Oh ! we hare the means to bring you to his thoughts,' said Belleville, and he fixed his eyes upon the tranquil cut- purse. And may I look for each service from the friendship of my best compan- ion ?' asked De la Jonquille ; whilst Belleville turned his face from the keen, malignant glance of the inquirer. Why, so ! I must rack my wit to find a due reward for such rare courtesy.' Edith, who had watched the threaten- ing and significant looks of the two friends — for such they had hitherto de- clared themselves— sought to know of her husband the motive of De la Jon- quille's sudden bitterness ; whilst loath- ing him she trembled at his words. ' What hasty speech had passed — what inadvertent thought escaped, to stir the temper or the Marquis ?' ' A thousand pardons, gentle Madame Belleville,' replied De la Jonquille. ' I fear the ghastile sight that stopped me on my way — poor youth ! a brave hopeful, generous lad — has made me most unfit for company. Poor, mur- dered lad !' And De la Jonquille, calling up a look of sadness, crossed his arms, and sighed heavily. Humph ! a sudden grief — let us hope not a fatal one ; and yet, you spoke of murder, Marquis.' said Belle- ville, sneeringly. ' Was the victim a very valued friends, or a mere acquain- tance, to be replaced at the next tavern ?' Dear Madame Belleville.' said De la Jonquille, deigning no reply to the irony of the Chevalier, ' my poor young friend, Antoine Laval —' ' Antoine Laval !' exclaimed Madame Belleville. ' What of him ? Oh ! merciful Heaven ! — Antoine — ' ' Madame Belleville," observed the feet knowledge of your many estimable friends.' ' Speak, Sir — speak !' cried Madame Belleville to the Marquis ; ' what of Antoine ? Head not my husband ; he knows not the misery may come of this —knows not the youth — ' ' Your pardon, Madame Belleville,' answered De la Jonquille ; ' the Cheva- lier and the unhappy lad met but two nights since. Belleville,' said the Mar- quis, 'surely you remember the hand- some stripling in the bloom-coloured satin — him who staked and lost with such emotion ?' ' Antoine at a gaming-house ! Antoine snared by the fiends of play ?' cried Madame Belleville, ' I counselled him— warned him of his danger — his inexperience,' said De la Jonquille ; ' but who can resist the Chevalier !' 'Rupert — husband ! No, no, your soul is saved that sin ! Changed as you are — debased, degraded by your hate- ful trade, you are your self a father, and could not lure that noble youth to crime. If — if it be otherwise— ' "What then ?' asked Belleville, and he glared fiercely at the agonized woman, ' What if this Antoine Laval — it so he's called — played and lost his every crown — what's in it but good luck, since I'm the winner ?' ' And yet the history of the poor lad, when known, may cause some idle talk among the tenderhearted folks of Paris. Who knows, Chevalier,' said De la Jon- quille, ' that greedy, grumbling justice may not ask a restitution of your win- nings ! Hear the story. This Antoine Laval was the son — the only child — of a merchant's widow. At his father's death, his mother quitted Paris, and with a small pittance, the produce of remaining mer- chandise, devoted herself to one only care — the education of her darling boy. He grew up a handsome, frank, ingenious youth ; and many, many were the days of future happiness hoped for by the widowed heart of the fond mother. ' Humph ! so far a moving story,' said Belleville bitterly ; ' and, for that you are new at the trick of pathos, movingly told. Even Eugene de Loire, m|ght forget his losses, touched by the sympa- thetic strain of the Marquis de la Jon- quille. ' Hear me out — hear the tale; then if you have lungs for the sport, crow your laughter. A twelvemonth since, the widow and her son returned to Paris. A friend of the dead merchant look the youth into his office, where every day his gentleness, intelligence, and cheerful habits obtained him praise, advancement and in brief, a place of highest confi- dence. One night, urged by curioisity he had seen no such haunt in Paris — he sought the tables. Whilst there, watch- ing the games, fixed in his purpose not for play, a visitor accosted him ; learned his history, his occupation, his command of wealth incalculable. You know that visitor. Chevalier, — you know his subtle, elegant address, his fatal smile !' Madame Belleville raised her eyes to the lowering, burning brow of her guilty husband, and reading there his in- famy, buried her face in her hands and wept convulsively. ' Why do you pause!' asked Belville. 'Tell out your tale, good Marquis of the gibbet — most delicate Jonquille of the rope — out with it; I, too, have a his- tory that, in good time, may follow.' The Marquis De la Jonquille smiled, gently elevated his eyebrows, and pro- ceeded with his story : — 'Again and again Antoine appeared at the tables. His friend advised, tempted ; the young man staked ; won — night after night he won — I saw bis fortune — saw him doomed. Well, the story has the old ending : the run changed — the young man lost and lost. He staked money not his own ; it passed into your purse, Cheva- lier Belleville ; and, ere you had sought your peaceful pillow, the miserable An- toine Lavel — the poor, wretched, mad- dened dupe — had taken a leap in the dark !' Saying this, the Marquis fixed his eyes on Belville, and coldly smiled. ' Why — why do you preach this to me ?' exclaimed the infuriated Bellville: ' why hypocrite, villain, cutpurse ?' ' What besides ? Nothing more? asked De la Jonquille, and still he smiled. ' Come, make my character complete for evil ; call me companion, friend of the Chevalier Belleville.' 'Miscreant ! shouted Belleville, and, drawing his rapier, he rushed upon the Marquis. 'Miscreant ! though I defraud the gallows, I'll——' But, at this moment, Belville's weapon, foiled by the easy mastery of his oppo- nent, flew to a far end of the apartment, and, as it had been glass, shivered, as it fell, into pieces. Belleville stared, won- der-struck, at the sleight. ' Fie, Belleville ! 'observed De la Jon- quille, at the time placidly sheathing his weapon ; ' fie I you hold a rapier as 'twere a flail, Madame Belleville,' and the Marquis bowed profoundly to the faint- ing terrified woman, ' I have the honor to take my leave.' 'Villian!' cried Belleville, impotent with rage, ' villian ! we shall meet again. ' Certainly, most certainly, replied De la Jonquille, and, again smiling on the Chevalier, the robber Marquis walked leisurely from the appartment. Belleville, with a mysterious feeling of mingled awe and hatred of his departed visitor, stood motionless, silent. No sound was heard in the apartment save the deep sobbings of his wretched wife, aren- sing him, in bitterest acccents, of his guilt. He stood, humbled and degraded, not daring to meet a face which, for more upon him. He seemed [?] arraigned at his own hearth-stone. ' Edith — wife," cried Belleville, as his own heart sank at the words ; falling in a chair, he appeared awaiting hit sentence. Awhile he sat in silence, then, starting from his seat, exclaimed imploringly, his voice breaking with the intensity of his passion — ' Wife— wife— for the love of God, — speak to me !' Ere all the words were uttered, Edith was in her husband's arms. " So, — thou art still Edith," said Belle- ville, after some time venturing to meet his wife's eyes — ' still my wife. And pet, 'tis not the face — not the look of Edith. Why do you gaze so upon me ? Why those frozen eyes — why that face of stone ? Am I grown so hateful — hideous? Speak your thoughts, woman — I can almost see them" cried Belleville gloomily, his passion returning as he felt himself more and more alienated from the good, kind spirit of her, who, though she could not but cling to it, could not but feel how wicked, worthless was the object of her woman's love. 4 Well, said Belle- ville, folding his arms, and drawing him- self up to challenge the keenest glances of his wife, ' well,' he cried in laughing mockery, 'what see you ? What mon- ster do you look upon ? Truth, though of the bitterest, — I give you all honour, Madame Belleville — ever falls from your tongue ; 1 can listen to it even now. What see you !' ' Ask me not — ask me not,'' cried Edith, ' 'tis too terrible to apeak,' ' Indeed ! By Mercury, and all my other saints ! you make me curious. Come, paint the picture, Madame Belle- ville. ''Twill be in blood, then,' answered Edith, and Rupert recoiled at the words — at the voice, for it was the voice of the accusing angel that uttered them. 'In the blood of the fatherless — in the tears of the widow — the widow wailing for her child. Oh, man ! what fiend has snared you ?' ' Fiend ! The bugbear of a slavish mind — the fabled goblin of poor, weak fools, who take drudgery as their des- tiny, and dare not — for the jack-o'-lan- thorn — break their chain or cast their load away. Am I to be startled by such jargon at gossips use ? — Or shall I at once confess that I have made away my soul to our great enemy — that, under sign and seal, I am his future bondman ?' 'No, husband, no. "Well you say, — all such compacts between man and de- mons are but the fancies of a fabler's tale. 'Tis thoughts, — Rupert, — thoughts, that hardening the heart to all the chari- ties of life, make man a selfish hunter of his race — 'tis thoughts, that, killing human sympathies, condemn the immor- tal soul. The fiends that lie in wait for his need no charm to raise them — no mystic word — no wizard's spell, — the wickedness of thought is power sufficient How often to think evil is to call a devil up to act it !' ' Humph ! Can It be ?' asked Belleville sneeringly. ' Can so much danger be near us ? The stare preserve poor, think- [?] man !' ' You deem me visionary, dreaming, Belleville," said Edith, and her eyes filled with tears. ' Tell me,' she cried, her voice deepening as she spoke. ' when yon thought to despoil Antoine Laval, If no imp of darkness were at hand, whetting a weapon for his breast !' ' Peace I' raved Bellevllle, his eyes flashing, ' peace! or wilt male me mad ? What know I of his death ? 'Tis true, I won his gold — but won it fairly, openly His fate is upon his own head.' Edith approached her husband, and extending her arms toward him — her form dilated, — her eye fixed, — her face, her attitude, that of prophetess, — she spoke in thrilling tones — ' Upon your head, Rupert, upon yours ! I look upon it, and I see no single hair, that is not dyed with helpless blood — no spot of your face that is not stained with the life of a dupe.' ' Devils,' exclaimed Belleville, and, in his madness, he rushed towards Edith his hand grasping for his sword. Edith, unmoved by his frenzy, calmly pointed to the broken weapon on the floor : Bell- ville abashed at his own desperate cowardice, awed by the stern tranquility of the batter nature before him, paused and muttered, 'Leave me — dost hear, I would be alone.' 'Impossible, Rupert,' said Edith, ' im- possible.' ' Am I not master here, Madam ?' asked Belleville haughtily. 'Were you master of all Paris, Ru- pert, you could not now command the solitude of one poor hour.' " Ay !' asked Bellville, wonderingly. ' Even now, I see him by your side — I see him. the companion of your future life,' cried Edith, ' the follower, for ever at your hand, until the grave shall open for you.! ' Peace, and begone !' cried Belville, ' Does the woman see ghosts in broad day ? You see him ? Whom ?' ' Antoine Laval,' answered Edith. As she spoke, a shriek resounded through the house, Belleville started, and with white face, and in a voice tremulous with apprehension, asked — ' was not that Marie ?' 'Your daughter,' answered Madam' Belleville. ' What do I see ?' exclaimed Belleville, — as a girl, with staring vacant eyes, and smiles of intent madness, glided into the apartment. ' It cannot be !' cried the father, and his trembling hands clasped his head, as he gazed upon the terrible face of the girl — a face of youthful beau- ty [?] Belle- ville in agony— "Speak — that is — is — ' and incapable of further speech, he stood gasping, with his hand pointing towards the maiden. Edith looked upon her child, and the brow of the mother was darkened for ever with the horrid truth. The parent neither raved, nor shed a tear, but, turning her face, struck old with sudden misery upon her husband, she answered him in a voice of hollow whispering — 'That is — I knew the truth but yesterday — that is the affianced bride of Antoine Laval.' At the words, Rupert fell as dead at the feet of his witless child. 