& of Hon&oit; Italic!) THE LAMENT OF THE STATUES. ( Representative of the Poets in the New Houses of Parliament.) Previously to the the determination of the Royal Commis sioners to erect statues to the Poets in the new Houses of Parliament, they might as well have consulted the feelings of those personages on the subject, which, we suspect, would, with a slight difference of expression, be much like those embodied in the following lines. These we have had the impudence to put into the mouths of the poets, and to imagine each speech inscribed, respectively on the pedestals of their statues CHAUCER. Good Sirs, I marvel what we herfc maken, Gretd folk, certfcs, be sometimes mistaken, We standen in this stound by much erro&r; Ne poet was in Parliament before ; We are fysh out of water, verily, I do not breathe well the air, perdy. In the Abbaye we weren well enouge : To put us here in Parlement is stuffe. SPENSER. Troth brother Chaucer, I am of thy minde, In Parlement I do not feel at home, Where prating Dulness talks his hearer blinde, And dry Debate doth vainly froth and foam, Folly not Fancy, from his theme doth roam, And greedy Patriots rave for pence and place ; Poets are fashioned from another loam Than heavy marie of Statesmen's crawling race, A$d to be here, in faith, me seemeth dire disgrace. SHAKSPEARE. Grave Grandsire Chaucer, and good Father Spenser, The judgmeut your sweet worships have pronounced On the hard mandate, and right stern decree, Which, much misplacing us, hath placed us here, Doth jump with my opinion. Here to 'bide Beneath the pelting of the pitiless Brougham, To suffer Roebuck's petulance ; t'endure The jokeless wit of Sibtliorpe, and to brook The specious eloquence of glozing Peel To any soul alive were Purgatory But to a peet's 'tis a worser doom. Oh that this monument were o'er my tomb 1 MILTON. My sentence is for walking off, oh Bards J Though we be marble. Doth not story old Record how statues, erst, have breathed and walked, 1 nstinct with life and motion ? Why relate Pygmalion's idol, and the wife of clay, Pandora, she by cunning Vulcan wrought For bold Prometheus ? Or, in modern days, The marble man that unto supper came To Seville's famous, but immoral Don, Hight Giovanni ? Could I here remain, Heavy debate to list with tortured ear, My Cromwell's absence would determine mine. Haste then, and from your pedestals descend, To Malk abroad with me through London's streets, Dark'ning with dire alarm the heart of Town. DRYDEN. All British Art, Commissions Royal sway, And when they order, sculptors must obey. This poe.ts find, whose effigies, like ours, Are called to Parliament by princely powers. Hard is our fate, thus destined to remain Where Noise and Nonsense hold divided reign, Amid contending politician's strife, — Who ne'er were represented in our life. Oh ! that I ne'er the tuneful lyre had strung ! Was it for this, unlucky bard, I sung ? Blackmore and Shadwell, after ages past, Rejoice ; your injured ghosts are now avenged at last. POPE. Curst, for ancestral sins, with parts and wit, The ivjuse inspired me, and, alas ! I writ : Oh ! had it been my happy fate to creep With thee, good Dennis, I with thee might sleep ; But immortality no slumber knows, And deathless bards can never taste repose, I Fv'n though Joe Hume invoke the drowsy God, And Sibthorpe bid five hundred heads to nod ; Though Plumptre lull the House to rest profound, And Spooner scatter all his poppies round ; And Palmerston compel the frequent wink, Our ears in vain their opiate words will drink. Oh ! Brother Bards, whom Sculpture hither bring?, To mix with Statesmen and to herd with Kings : Blend sole relief! your marble tears with mine: Would that we ne'er had penn'd a single line 1 A Black Business.— There are some specs., among those that are now Started which are not mere specks but tremendous bWb ; we don't know of any much blacker job, than one that has just appeared, for establishing a Great Western Necropolis. Its object is to introduce what it calls, in large capital letters — the only capital it is likely to command — " The Novel but Strikingly Beautiful m?ectagle of Burial by Water." Our admiration is particularly requested in the prospectus for the Pyramids of Egypt ; but our "Fat Contributor" has rather spoiled our respect for these things, and besides, we can see them on a small scale any day in the streets, which are always under repair, blocked up with enormous blocks of stone, as happen to be the cash just now all over the town, so that any one may see the Strand Pyramids, or the Piccadilly pyramids, according to which way his business or curiosity may carry him. The Great Western Necropolis is to consist of an ex tensive plot of ground at a place marked emphatically — in the prospectus. It is proposed to have " a fine river frontage," with " steam and small gondola boats fitted up in funeral style," with " houses of reception situated on both sides of the river," so that parties may be enabled to get up little funeral pic-nics during the summer weather, As there are blanks left in the prospectus for the Provisional Committee, the architect and the banker, we should almost believe it is intended as a squib against the solicitors, whose names are inserted at full length ; and, under the impression that they have been sub jected to a cruel libel, we have refrained from printing them. If the impious and indelicate affair should be persevered in, we might probably think it necessary to administer one of those remorseless smashings which the bdton of Punch seldom finds it necessary to inflict, but which, when once inflicted, are always effectual. Approaching Dissolution.— The Piers of Westminster Bridge had a meeting yesterday. It was unanimously resolved that they would no longer support the building, of which they had been the pillars for so many years, and that unless some provision was instantly made for them in their old age, they would all retire in a body, and seek a maintenance elsewhere. One venerable old pier, who was apparently in the last stage of decay, announced his intention of going down the river in a few days, and sailing for America. The piers broke up after giving three groans for the Lord Mayor and Conservators of the river. Fashions for the Fleet. — We understand that our ships being intended for ornament rather than for use, will in future be furnished bjr Taprel and Holland, the celebrated upholsterers. The Bulldog frigate is to have a set of mahogany masts, and the mainsheet is to go to Howell and James's, to be spliced with mother-o'-pearl, as well as to have a small row of insertion put in between the gussets of the main-top, which will have a very urettv effect if a frill is added to the skv-scraner. It is in con- templation to inlay the binnacle with buhl, and replace the old bowsprit with satin-wood. The sails are to be worked with floss silk with the arms of England, and real beads are to be let in for the eyes of the lion and unicorn. The admiral's daughter has kindly undertaken to work a lace rufi' to go round the com pass ; and as the material will wash, the weather, of course, can have no effect upon it. An improved locomotive engine has been constructed for the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company, by their superin tendent engineer, Mr. Durance. "The improvements," says the Irish Railway Gazette, " consist in having a double fire-box ; the combustible gases being consumed in the second, which would otherwise escape in an unconsumed state. By this means, a considerable increase of heating-power is obtained, and conse quently an increased speed. The most important feature of the new engine, however, is, that in addition to increased power and speed, the fuel used is coal instead of coke, and a consider able saving in expense is thereby obtained. This is perhaps the greatest improvement, as regards the economy of railways in Ireland, that could have been suggested. Coke, the fuel used in England, must ever be a costly fuel in Ireland, particularly in the interior, inasmuch as the description of coal from which it is produced is not imported into this country ; whereas ordinary coal of good quality is to be had on reasonable terms in all our sea-ports. The Condor, now plying on the Manchester line, draws a greater number of waggons, at a higher velocity and at less expense, than any other engine." As mauy as 17,000 newspapers have been found in the General Post-office with their covers burst. The reason of the newspapers bursting is accounted for by the fact that they con tain so many railway bubbles. Comic Sculpture. — Having often laughed at the statues of art which adorn the metropolis in general, and in particular Trafalgar Square, nothing, it is our conviction, can be more manifest than the turn of our sculptors for the ridiculous, which they cannot help evincing, in spite of themselves, even when aiming most seriously at tbe Beautiful or Sublime. By the pig tail of George the Third, this is a fact 1 Clearly, the tendency of the English mind, in sculpture, is towards burlesque. This cannot be repressed : let it therefore be directed. We possess an abundance of living statesmen, and other great men, whom the artists of their country could appropriately honour, and fol low the bent of their genius all the while. Let London be embellished in accordance with this. In one conspicuous situ ation, for instance, we might have a statue of Lord Brougham, in a pugilistic attitude— that is, hitting right and left, and pros trating a friend with one fist, and a foe with the other. In another might be erected one of Sir Robert Peel, taking his seat between the two stools of Orangeism and Repeal, and paying the penalty by the laws of Physics in such cases made and provided. In the third might be displayed arithmetic, in the person of Mr. Hume, instructing Mayorality, also duly embodied, in the art of keeping accounts. In a fourth might be exhibited a Right Reverend Belisarius, with dog and crosier, exemplifying the function of an Ecclesiastical Commissioner. Scrip and Soft Soap. — The following adAertsement is taken from the Cambridge Chronicle, of October 1 1 :— F. M— , Shareholder, C— — s— — , St. I- Money advanced to any amount. N.B.— Private Rooms for Hair Cutting and Dressing at the ensuing Fair. What a pity St. I is so far off! We should like, above all things, to have our hair cut and curled by Mr. M . We are extremely curious to see how the grand amalgamation of the Rothschild and Truefit lines is carried on. We suppose Mr. M goes to the Stock Exchange) buys up a good bear return to Crown-street, puts up an an- nouncemeut ot " Another Fine Bear Slaugsered," and sells the produce fortwith in scrip and small allotments. We can imagine his recommending shares with the same obstinacy a London hairdresser does his " Balms" and " Essences" and he does not allow a customer to leave his shop without having a " Trent Valley" under his arm, or else half-a-dozen " Eastern Counties " thrust into his pocket. A barbel's shop is not the only place, however, in this railway age where money is advanced to people with the hope of shaving them afterwards. Colonies for Sale.— It seems that Denmark, being rather hard up, is getting rid of some of its colonies, after the same fashion as Spain, which mortgaged Cuba for the benefit of its creditors, who were thils enabled to take cigars for their over due dividends. We understand that Denmark lias several small colonial sovereignties for sale, which it is intended to dispose of shortly, without any reserve whatever, at the auction mart. The fee-simple of a kingdom, with a reversionary interest in the taxes, after the expenses of Government are paid, is no bad thing for a millionnaire stag who has made his plum or two by railways, and requires some very out-of-the-way place to retire to while the calls of the different lines in which he is a share- bolder are being clamoured for. A defaulter, who runs off with his pockets full of other people's money, had better purchase a regular right-down sovereignty, where he can have the law all his own way, and abolish at once, within his own dominions, all liability for debts contracted in another country. For the con venience of those who undertake a runaway voyege from their own liabilities, with a fortune made by stagging, we should re commend that those colonial kingdoms which are for sale should have their thrones brought down to the sea shore, with a broom hanging from the canopy, to indicate the fact of their being in the market to such persons as may be travelling past in a foreign vessel. A placard announcing " This beautiful kingdom to be sold or let, with or without a ministry," would be an attractive object on the coasts of those outlandish seas, where the imagina tion and the swindler love to travel to. The Cromwell Statue Question. — We are happy to have at in our power to settle the dffference that has long existed is to the propriety of letting Cromwell have a Statue in the new Houses of Parliament. By dressing him up in the costume of the middle ages, nobody will know him ; and if nobody knows him, it matters to nobody whether he is to be found or not among the collection of senatorial sculpture. Disguised under the mediaeval costume of thj very mediocre drawing of the middle age, no one will know that it is the statue of Cromwell which stands before them — so that the scruples of the " right divine" pariy will not be outraged, while History will be pre served inviolate. Barry's Portraits.— Mr. Barry's portraits of the states men of England are still being issued in weekly nnmbers. They are beautifully gilt, and are got up in most elegant style. When completed, there will be a portrait for nearly every mem ber of the House of Commons. About one hundred are already out, as will be seen by counting the weathereocks that adorn the new Palaces of Westminster. When finished, they will make as handsome a series of political portraits as a nation could desire ; for each weathercock, on turning, illustrates a prin cipal event in the original's life, shifting invariably from side to side, and trimming exactly as the wind blows. 