23riti0i) îSitracts. THE LOST BOOTS. A SKETCH in an american steamer. A luclicruous scene occurred on board the steam-boat Knickerbocker a few mornings since. An unsophisticated young fellow from Franklin county, who was probably making his first steam-boat voyage, " turned in" at a seasonable hour, leaving his boots, a most formidable pair, outside the berth. Of course they were regarded by the sable ' knight of the blacking brushes as fair prey, as well as fit subjects for the lavishment of a little of his polishing paste and elbow ener- gies. A flimsy pair of sheep-skin slippers were left in their piare. Bright and early our green-horn was astir. Judge of his con- sternation when a faithful search about all the neighbouring berths failed to bring them to light. Suddenly his eyes fell upon the sheepish- looking slippers, and, as suddenly, the startling truth broke upon him. " I've been robbed ! I've been robbed!" he cried, " Stop your boat. Hillo there ! A bran new pair of cowhides, retail price twenty shillings, gone to eternal nowhere ! Captain, I'm robbed !" By this time fifty heads, with wondering, curious faces thereunto attached, were in full view from as many berths, listening to the outcry, and loooking on in silent enjoyment of the scene. « D-n seize the critter that stole them boots !, I wonder ef a honest man can't steam-boat it down tew York without loosing his Sunday-go-to-meetin' boots. I wonder ef it's a gineral thing to take boots in that way ?" "Did you leave them outside your berth?" asked one. "Tew be sure I did!" replied the bereaved one. " Well," said the other, " then you have been served as you might expect, for it's a very common thing for passengers to have their boots taken away after they turn in " " It's an infarnal imposition upon the tra vellin' publicstew steal the people's boots this way : and see what the scamp has left in their place! I 'spect sich a pair of old, worn-out, soleles«, unheeled sluff-cufls aint worth three cents. I can't get 'em on," cried he? attempting to draw his great "corn planters" into them. " I can't get 'em on, and, if I could, they wouldn't stay on a se- cond : I'm blessed if I don't make a rumpus about this," and, having coaxed a few of his toes into each slipper, he started for up stairs as he called it. " Tell every body you meet," cried one. " Go rout the captain, and ask bim to search the boat," advised another. " Watch the feet of everybody you see,' suggesteil a third. Armed and equipped with all this excellent advice, and filled to the chin with indig- nation, he went upon deck ; sluff cuff, sluff cuff, sluff cuff, kerslap, those slippers were in active motion over head, and the whole cabin burst into a roar of laughter. Pre- sently the uproar on deck was tremendous. There was a running to and fro, and laughter, and curses, and exclamations ; but above the hub-bub was heard the shrill whine of our hero, " I'm highway robbed ! " " Who's got my boots ? " " This way, captain ! " "Boots!" "Bran new!" "Cost twenty shillings ! " " Stop thief ! " When the storm was at its height, Snow« ball quietly walked in with the boots, beauti- fully polished, followed closely and stealthily by their owner, whose eyes blazed like a mad panther's. Having found the No., blackey was quietly placing them where he had found them, when, with a yell of triumph, our bootless friend sprung forward, caught the astonished wretch by the neck, and exclaim- ing, " I've cotched the thevin' scoundrel ! ! Here he is, boots and all ! Knowed I'd smoke 'im eout ! " commenced dragging him up the cabin stairs. The poor black yelled like a loon, and his captor roared like a lion, while the passengers, who had gathered around them, were almost convulsed with laughter. The captain interfered, and explained the whole matter fully and satisfactorily. Our hero gave up the slippers quietly, pulled on his boots, and, with a marvellously foolish look, asked the injured boot black to step to the bar and " take sumthin." Drainage of the Human System. Taken separately, the little perspiratory tube, with its appended gland, is calculated to awaken in the mind very little idea of the importance of the system to which it belongs; but when the vast number of similar organs composing this system are considered, we are led to form sotme notion, however im- perfect, of their probable influence on the health and comfort of the individual. I use the words "imperfect notion" advisedly, for the reality surpasses imagination and almost belief. To arrive at something like an esti- mate of the value of the perspiratory system in relation to the rest of the organism, I counted the perspiratory pores on the palm of the hand, and found 3,528 in a square inch. Now, each of these pores being the aperture of a little tube of about a quarter of an inch long, it follows that in a square inch of skin on the palm of the hand there exists a length of tube equal to 882 inches, or 73£ feet. Surely such an amount of drainage as 73 feet in every square inch of skin, assuming this to be the average for the whole body, is something wonderful ; and the thought na- turally intrudes itself, What if this drainage were obstructed ! Could we need a stronger argument for enforcing the necessity of at- tention to the skin? On the pulps of the fingers, where the ridges of the sensitive layer of the true skin are somewhat finer than in the palm of the hand, the number of pores on a square inch a little exceeded that of the palm ; and on the heel, where the ridges are coarser, the number of pores on the square inch was 2,268, and the length of tube was 567 inches, or 47 feet. To obtain an estimate of the length of tube of the per- spiratory system of the whole surface of the body, I think that 2,800 might be taken as a fair average of the number of pores in the square inch, and 700, consequently, of the number of inches in length. Now, the num- ber of square inches of surface in a man of ordinary height and bulk is 2,500; the num- ber of pores, therefore, 7,000,000, aud the number of inches of perspiratory tulip 1,750,000, that i«, 145,833 feet, or 48,600 yards, or nearly 28 miles.- Wilson on the Skin. It's Never Too Late.-It is never too late to begin anything. Jules Janin was not ashamed to learn English after he hart trans- lated the "Sentimental Journey."-It is never too late to fi.uish anything. Joseph Hume confessed it took bim ten years over his first joke.-It is never too late to go home. The Speaker of the House of Commons has often bpen taken in with the milk.-It is never too late to retract anythine offensive. Mr. Harrison Ainsworth most handsomely stopped his " Revelations of London" at the 39th chapter.-It is never too late to give up a bad habit. An old lady aged 92, ceased taking in the Standard last week, after hav- ing, been addicted to it for, upwards of five i ,mojiths ! !.-Punch* ,, Capture of a Ghost.-It is said that ghosts are not unfrequently inspired with a considerable share of puissant valour. A singular act of bravery on the part of a dis- embodied spirit has just come under our observation, and at the season of Christmas, as stories of ghosts and goblins are the order of the day, it may not prove altogether unacceptable. A widow lady, who resides in the parish of St. Martin, has of late been visited by a ghost of rather a mischievous character. Inhabiting, a lonely dwelling, with no other protection than that afforded by a servant girl little more than just entered into her teens, the lady with her two children, during the last four weeks, have had their nocturnal slumbers frequently disturbed by the escapades of an evil spirit. Precisely as the clock had struck what the Scotch poet has styled The wee short hour ayont the twal, a loud knocking at the door was heard. On the third evening of the occurrence of the mysterious knockings, the disturbed lady, having summoned up sufficient courage to look out from the window, beheld a figure, apparently in white, making its escape from the gateway. The occurrence made a power- ful impression on the lady's mind, for it was the first time she had ever seen a denizen of the world of spirits. For ten successive nights the same sounds were repeated, every night the strength of the knocking gradually increasing. The ghost evidently thought that the depth of the slumbers of the inmates pre- vented them from hearing its efforts at obtain- ing an audience, for no notice whatever was taken of its proceedings. It was necessary, therefore, to alter his line of tactics, and the line which the ghost now adopted was of a somewhat novel nature. Instead of now knocking at the door every night, it began to throw stones, and one evening demolished three panes of glass in the windows of the drawing-room. This, however, was not to be endured much longer, and, even at the risking of coming in contact with an inha- bitant of the lower world, it was at length determined to give battle to the spirit. The lady having communicated the circumstance to a gentleman who resides with his family about a quarter of a mile distant, a watch was set upon the premises. The gentleman referred to, armed with a good stout cudgel, took his station at the corner of the building, about ten paces from the spot from which the ghost was wont to hurl its missiles while at the opposite corner stood his man- servant, armed in a somewhat similar fashion to his master. Precisely at the usual hour the figure clothed in white was seen to enter at the gateway, and having slowly made its way to within a few feet of the house, de- liberately lifted a handful of pebbles and threw them at the window. This feat per- formed the ghost was about to depart, but the gentleman and his fellow-watch man sallied forth and intercepted its progress. The yell of horror which the spirit now uttered was awful in the extreme, and throwing itself at the feet of the gentleman, it besought in piteous tones his pardon. The white sheet in a moment was thrown from the back of the now disembodied spirit, and a bona fide human woman actually stood before them. A confession soon followed, and it was dis- covered that the ghost had determined to frighten the poor lady to death, in conse- quence of having been recently discharged from her service for theft.—Jersey Times. 