RELIGIOUS GLEANINGS. THE RIGHT REVERENF THE BISHOP OF SALISSURY AND HIS BETTER HALF. " The Bishop of Salisbury refused to big place on Wednesday last with his amiable brida." Chu. ch and & late Gazette, Sept. 5, 1845 I shall not trouble your readers with a dis- cussion concerning the validity of the Baptism, j ?r of the order* of Dr. Denisoo. Let us sap- j pose, without inquiry, that he m a Christian by j Kaptwin, and that he is a Bishop bj Ordiaa- ' tion: though every one ejaveruaat with such matters well know* what powerful arguments prove that both these positions of the law are, j to say ttt* leant of their own nature, doubtful, j Nor shall I inquire whether the War of Eng- ' land sanctions the marriages of Bishops. Cer tain it is that his Grace the Host Reverend toe Archbishop of Canterbury is united, not to her Grace the Most Reverend the Archbishop ess, but to a lady who is simply called Mrs Howley. So, also, the Right Reverend Father in God the Lord Bishop of Salisbury has for has better- half Mrs Denison. For the loss of one better-half he was inconsolable-for a year: now lie has another better-half. What remains of him after this two-fold union and two-fold division it k sot for me to say: however, it is dear that if another person be his batter-half, he must be the worse-half. Now, It M singular that while the better-half is en* gaged at her toilette, or at the polka, or at most in observing' the doings of the worse-halt, the worse-halt alone of a Bishop is engaged in giving Confirmation and holding Ordinations, and making Charges, though we may reasona bly suppose that, in the test ease at least, the petticoat influence of the better-half is not wanting. Yes, this half of a Bishop has been making eh urges, charges, of course, against Popery, tike the chivalrous Harry of Exeter, who charges everything and person that comes before him ; yet sometimes even he, tike the Knight of the Sorrowful Countenance, find* that he has charged a windmill, and he is made to turn right round; he has thus by his undmnnted prowess earned the distinguished title of Exeter Charge. Why does Dr. Denison charge Po r«r?? I shall mention two or three facts; and tour readers may drew their own conclusions. *The papers state that the Right Reverend the Let 1 Bishop of Salisbury "is passicg rco,* act with "£40," b?it with £17,000 «.y**r: Ibis is his sham of the spoils of Popery, and that money which was originally destined for the maintenance of Popery and of the poor, is now assigned to the support of Dr. Denison, his better-half, and their future contingencies. Again, his Lordship is Administrator of Bath and Wells, in consequence of the illness of Dr. Law, the law Bishop thereof; he receives a large salary for thi* additional labour; and we hear that his brother. Dr. Denison, has been bif Denison, and not by Law estabCUhed in one of the best livings of that diocese—all this, too, out of the spoils of Popery. What tuulti tti lei in England waukl charts Popery all the r lifetime (or such remuneration? No vronder, then, that Dr. D?ni«on, and the other Episco pal members of th* Ecclesiastical eonuuission, who have prepared such snug berths for them selves, and so well feathered their own nests, should be ever ready to make charge* against Pfipery, for fear that they themselves should be discharged. Christ ear Lord declared that every one that hath left house, or brethren, or wife, for his name's sake, shall receive a hundred-fold, and shall pottess life everlasting. (Matt six. 23, sat ftbo Matt. xix. 12.) St. Paul, inspired by 4he Holy Ghost, says, " He that t? without a wife is solicitous for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please God. But he that is with a wife k solicitous for the things of the world, how he may please his wife, and he is divided." (I Cor. xv., 32, 33.) And in the eighth verse he says, "to the unmarried and to the widows: It is good for them, if they so aontitttte, etem as /." Now, if any one in particular ought not to be divided between God and the world, it is a Christian Bishop, and accordingly St. Paul directs that a Bishop should be the « husband of one wife." (I Tim. iii. 2. 2 Tit. L 6.) Not certainly meaning thereby that he is to have only one wife at a time, while others are allowed to have more than one wife. The Apostle means that no man should be a Bt«hop who has been married more than once, although he have had only one win at a time. Such w the explanation of the passage given by the ancient Christian interpreters. And why was this law kid down even from the time of the Apostles ? It was because a second marriage was considered as a sign of incontinence, which is so highly unbe coming in the sacerdotal, and still more in the Episcopal character. Hence, in the early Church, even a layman who married different wives successively was obliged to do penance ; for although these successive marriages were held valid, yet they often manifested a want of that eontineacv which is one of the brightest jewels thai adorn tht diadem encircling the fair brow of Christianity—a virtue scarcely known to Jews, to Pagans, or Mahometans. In the Latin Church celibacy has been en forced on tan clergy from the earliest times, as the decree of Pope tiimn in the fourth century abundantly proves; for be speaks at it as even then an ancient custom. In the Greek Church none of the clergy are allowed to marry after their ordination, and they are bound to live continent before they approach the altar of God: their Bishops are chosen from the Monks, who are unmarried, and bound by vow to celibacy. In both the Greek and Latin Churches no one is* admitted to orders who has been married more than once, even if his wives be dead t What has the glorious Re. formation done t Whereas St. Paul says that n Bishop should be a man of one wife, the Re formation has decided that ho may be a man of as mauy wives as he pleases: and we see the Right Reverend Father in God, the Lord Bishop of Salisbury, marrying, after he had been made a Bishop according to law, two wives ;he is the husband of two wives. Had he been a layman in the ancient church, he jrould have been ordero} to do penance; bat as a Bihh^p iv the Uttfonngd Church of Eng land, he not on'y gives to his clergy the ex ample of that incontinency which is so little inacordanee with the spirit of Christianity, bur; in one of the glorious cathedrals raised in the ages of faith by the piety of our Catholic fore- j fathers, he boa<ts of clerical inenntinency as i of one of the blessed consequences of the glo rious Reformation. No doubt, the Landgrave of House, who, by the express permission of Luther and Me!ancthon, had two wires at the same time, and by their direction used not- 1 withstanding to eat the flesh of the Son of j God; no doubt, he, too. used to boast of the | blessed effects of the "glorious Reformation." j Let Anglicans contrast the teaching ot Dr i Denison, in his Charge, with that of Christ, j who speaks for those who have renounced all \ carnal indulgence for the kingdom of Heaven's j sake, and adds, «• He that can receive this say- ] ing, let him receive it" (Mat. xix. !2); or! with that of St. Paul, who says, -*to the un married and to the widows: it is good for them if they so continue, even as I"—whereas Dr Denison says, •* it is bad for them if they so continue, even as 1 have not so continued." Sf. Peter, according to the. testimony of the early Fathers, left Id? wife when he was made jan Apostle, and thus, according to t'.ie p:o -mise of Ctuist, received a hundredfold, 5-.nl poises eternal life (Mat. xix. 29); but Dr Denison, after he was made an Anglican Bishop, took a wife, and since she died has taken another. Of his Lotdship's personal character, and that of his amiable briie, we speak only with esteem, and we wish not to wound their feelings ; but we denounce the un hallowed and onhallowisg1 and debasing sys tem of the Reformation, of wLich he has given us an imp >rtant il'ustratio:i, at the same time that he tells us, in his charge, that the ador able Sacra vent of the Holy Eurharist has been " maimed and corrupted by the Church oflfame**!! He who has reduced the Holy ot Holies to a morsel of bread and a sup of wine administered by a bigamist* law-bishop. For our parts, we turn with disgust from the consideration of this Deformation, and we re turn most hearty thanks to our Blessed Re deemer, for his One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church, of which He has been pleased to make as—unworthy as we are — member* and ministers, giving unto us the piectitcie of his spiritual blessings. If there is ote feature in her holy discipline which we admire mere than another, it is tint clerical celibacy which she requires from us, which de tacres oar hearts from the love and the solici tudes of the world, and reserves them for car Gcdof all gcodn^s and our beloved flicks; which demauds from us, who are the minister:. of bis Holy altar, and who touch the imnncu late flesh of the Lamb of God, purity like unto that o£ the angelic spirits who surround His throne—like unto that of the virgins, who sing before Him in Hetven a new caniicle which none of the other blessed cansiug (*£evxla(ion; —like unfo that of his beloved disciple—like unto that of Mary, his Virgin .Mother, whom " a 11 geaeraiions cal: blessed"—in fine, like unto that of Christ himself, who is **'the way, the truth, anl the life." — Correspondent of the Tablet. 