TO THE EDITOR OF THE ' SOUTH t AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE. Sir—It was with extreme surprise that I read, in the Governor's opening speech to the Council, his proposal to grant Government aid to the clergy of the province. I and many others emigrated to this country under the full impression that such imposts would never here exist; and most certainly to this country I never should have come had 1 anticipated anything of the kind. Anything like state support; for religion is so abhorrent to my judgment and feelings, that my very gorge rises at it. What, has not an Es- tablished Church caused animosities, and even Bloodshed enough in other countries, but we must introduce it here ? Have not the Legislators of Britain felt sufficiently haimpered with an .Established Cburch in almost all their general movements, but we must introduce the same system here ? Every one knows, or ought to know, that the Established Church of Britain hangs like a millstone about the neck of' the Legislative, and prevents many of the most important improve- ments which would be otherwise easily effected, It is futile to say an Established Church is not intended here. It is wel known that various denominations will not—cannot receive any sup- port from Government; their principles will not allow it. Those who do receive it will of course be supported by the State, which is tantamount to an establishment, and must create feuds and animosities without end. My creed on this subjeet is this—No person ought to be a clergyman who is not moved by the Holy Ghost so to be ; and that if he be so, he will preach the Gospel in season and out of season, trusting to his own resources for support, aided by the voluntary contributions of the people, and that the want of state support will not prevent him : That if any man has not the Christian principle to do this, he is not moved by the Holy Ghost: That, if any man have not this principle and commensurate talent, he ought not to presume to take the office: and that any clergyman, of whatever denomination, who accepts of government aid, d*g-ades both himself and his office ; and if he minister to any congregation, that congregation is degraded fllso. I pi*y the men with my whole heart who can so far degrade themselves. Let us s rain every nerve, and try every means to prevent it. Agitate, agitate, agitate. Publicly and privately use every legitimate influence to prevent so dire a calamity in this land. Is there no opportunity *o be given to the colonists to express their opinion at a public meeting.—Yours truly, R. W. NEWLAND. Encounter Bay, July 8th, 1846. 