FARMING MINISTERS. Your's, &c-; CRITO. Adelaide, 27th August, 1846. ["Crito" was in type for our last issue, but was poat oned for want of space.—EDS.] Gentlemen—Having stumbled on a passage in a po-<*> pular work, illustrative of the extensive information and distinguished candom of several "honourable" and "learned" advocates of State support to the clergy, I transcribe the same for their especial edification, and i that of your readers. Notice has been drawn to the subject by the remarkably logical and argumentative ;peeeh of the Colonial Secretary, reported in your paper of Saturday last, in which, by way of saving •* enough" to exhibit his " attention to the subject/ chat gentleman reminds the Council, that of the 20 Dissenting Ministers in the Colony, " most were en gaged in farming or some other secular occupation;" —a fact from which may be deduced, not only the pecu liar strength arid vitality, but the chief excellence of the voluntary principle, in a scattered and newly s .'ttled population. As an example of the working -f the Establishment system in this respect, and a probable indication of what might be the effect of • embodying a corps of" twenty ** State parsons"' among us—operations and effects doubtless beyond 'he range of the honourable gentleman's observation ir experience—l quate the passage above referred to ; and for the benefit of the •* learned" and eloquent who had the honour of originating tins ' attack on my clergy not based upon religious prin ciples/ I venture to refer to " The Statutes at large" xi confirmation of my authority. *' We now come to .1 memorable epoch and transaction a the history of this Church; namely, (tie Act of Par lament of 1803, 43rd of George the Third, chap er 64. The reader ?h..uld be ioformed that during the late *gt<utoils" war against the Republicans «f France, a total change took place with regard to the conduct uf he clergy uf this Church. The French, broken loose from t!ic fangs of their tyrants, bad committed deeds which filled all tbe world, and particularly the English oeopJe, with horror. They had put d?wn their church. *nd all its trappings and Us tithes. They had almost reclaimed themselves Atheists. The English par ••to*, not oniy for their own security bui fur their aggrandizement, as they thought, took advantage of tUf cc things; they represented all Dissenters generally, md every man who dared to utter a word by way of complaint against tithes, or against the Church, as a friend of the Frenclt Atheists ; as a jacobin, a Icvelier, a revolutionist, acd a rebel in his heart. They sne •eided; acd during tiiat war innumerable persons wete 1 punished by heavy fines and impriso?ment, for mere nnendos ; f-* merely hinting, with regard to tbe clergy «nd the Church, only a hundredth part of what is now espl ciily declaied agaiost them in every newspaper m the kioudtrr. " In this state of thing?, oinetcen-iwentieths of the nation blinded and deluded, and the other twentieth silenced by the tear of pecuniary rnio, or a jail, the clergy set the laws of residence openly at defiance, bid 'efiance to their pari?hiooer?> in this respect. And now he pleased, reader, to pay great attention to what these l-ws of residence were. The Act of 21st Henry VIII, chapter Id, imposed a heavy penalty against persons who should procure more tttan one benefice; any one who thoutd be absent fn.m hit living and his parsonage bouse ; any oi.e who should fak.v, except merely for provision for himself and bis household; any parson who should buy anything to sell aga:n, whether mer chandize, corn, or cattle, or any other thing; any par s n who should offend in any of these respects was tuade liable to an information gui tarn ; the <me half of the forfeiture to go to the K'.n^, and the other half to the j informer. ' filing for the same in (he King's courts.' i " Now this was the law, descending-dbvn from the i Roman Catholic Church, and never repealed or id- j fringed on. And what could be more reasonable than ] (bis ? There was another act parsed after the country became Protestant; namely, 13. Elizabeth, chapter 20, providing that no lease of any bfnefiee should endure longer than ihe incumbent should be resident iv his parish, and that, if any one offended against this Act, he was to forfeit a year's profit of bis benefice. And vow we come to the gqaso blow of tbe Church. I have described, before, the sta;e of arrogance and insolence at which the clergy had arrived during the Preach war ; I have described the pitch of total disregard of the peo ple, at which they bad arrived, in spite of the existence of these laws, which enabled anybody, aod particularly •heir parishioners, to inform against theai fur absenting themselves from iheirduty. If their VOWS and their OATHS passed for nothing with them, here was the positive, unequivocal letter of the law; and recollect, that ten pounds sterling (the penalty inflicted) at the lime when the l;.w was passed, was equal to two hundred l*?uods sterling 10 the middle of th<s French war. In this state of things, however, with the people nineteen* . twentieths blinded and frightened, sod the other twenti- j e*h not daring to open their lips, tc/io was to enforce j the late f Where was to be found a man who dared to lay an information against a parson for trafficking, or for being absent from bis living ? At last there was soch a man found; and, in 1799. and 1800, a Mr WIL LIAMS, who had been secretary to one of the bishops, laid informations agiiusc hundreds ot the clergy, and had the informations in the Court of King's Bench. ' some of them carried on to the stege of conviction. | •• Well, this reminded the defaulters of ihe law, tt be ' sure, and of their duty. There was no remedy, but to pay tbe penalties, aod (be penalties were enormous, not- j wiil standiog the change io the value of the money, for j icotes of the parsens, in spite of their vows aod tbtir a.tits, bad been al-seat from their livings or had been farming and trafficking for years. However, there was no remedy the law was positive, express, «nd plain, tod no ex post facto law could be parsed, without a violation of the constitution. Row. hear it; cot oh Heavens I or oh earth 1 but oh! injured and insulted people of England ! hear what lam about to say. Iv the year 1601\. soon after the bringing of the acuons aforemen tioned, the Parliament, which Wellington said wat the l>est possible Parliament, passed an Act (41st George 111, chapter 102.) to compel the Court of Kiog'e Bench < to stay the proceedings in the aforementioned actions, till the '25h of March, 1802. Before that 25th of March came the fame Parliament parsed jnother Act (42nd George 111 chapter 30,) to stay <be proceedings in those actions still further, until the 25th day of July, in that same year. 1802 Before July came it passed another Act (42ni George 111, chapter 66.) to stay the proceedings under the Act ot Henby tba Eigltb, and also under the Act of Elizabeth, until the Bth day of April. 1803. Thus, by their Acts of Parliament, clearly ex post facto ; clearly io violation of the express written law; cleai Jy laking from tbe informer his property, and holding it io abeyance; thus, by this ex postfado law, the parsoos were protected io their delinquencies for two whole years, and the informer subjected to tbe c mount ' of his costs, and exposed to ruin, having the cry uf 1 Atheist and Jacobin set up rgain&t; him, because, he obeyed the law in eiueavousing- to pna'sh these p*rs-ocs for having neglected tiieir dt.iy and broken their vows and thtir oaths! But we have only seen the beginning «?f this memorable transnetion. There is the end to come ye!. The actions having been su-f ended until Aniil, 18u3, the snepe. ding work was brought to a dose by the Act of 43, Geo. 111, chapter 84, which Act laid the foundation of the total over' throw of the Church, though k was |>assed at the c'a morous iostigation of the parsoos themselves. It enacted that any spi iiual f.-srsoo, who facfote that Act tad in curred pecuniary penalties for non -residence, or r&nii; isg, should be freed and discharged from the same, that all the actions already commenced should be ren dered null, that, where conviction?, had taken place, the informers biiould receive no more ihao res pounds, be : the amount of tin* penalty what ;i might; and that, as tor thf t.ltfr ac'ions where convictions had not taken pjace. they sh'ti d cease and have no effect: ani that, such actiuo6 thou'd be dismissed or discun inuji by^ order of the Court, without payment of costs I This glorious Act then went on to repeal and annnl all the in formations gut tarn, to authorise parsons to be fabmsbi, and to buy and sell corn and cattle; to authorise the Bitfhops to give license to what persons they liked, to f&bm;, to be absent from their livings, and in short, to do whit they cbo«e to permit them to do contrary to the character of clergymen. *• It is ens ions ihat this Act was entitled, " An Act to Amend :he Laws relating to sp'ritnal persons holding of FAKM4. and for the enforcing the residence of spiritual persons on their benrjicea in England." How com pletely it succeeded we have seen ; for, in eight years after the Act was pasted ; out of 10,421 benefices, 9024 were without resident incumbent*, even according to the >ho«ing of the bishops themselves, who would, of course, do everything in ttteir power to make (he thing appear as little bad as possible! " The Dissenting ministers are sometimes traders, at the same time; they are farmers aid dealers. And what are the parsons f Why, they we;e indeed most posi i lively forbi.lden by law, to be rABiieBB and dealers, they were informed agaiust for being such ; these was the just law to punish them for it; they set that law at | defiance; the borongh-m<wger parliament repealed the law; quashed the informations again- ttfcem, passed ano ther law to allow them to farm and to deal. As cattle joibers—as dealers in cattle, sheep, hogs, and horses; as buyers and seller* of these, they are amongst the most | emintnt and the most busy in 'he country." Here follow instances of Reverend bankers, and brokers, extracted from lists of Bankrupts in the London Gazette; with strictures on the surpassing enormity of naval and military men entering the Church, every oue of them " inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost, and every one continuing to receive half pay, as being still naval and military officers I and as a Retaining fek fob future sex vices." Truly, gentlemen, if disparagement be the favorite weapon of those on whom it recoils so fatally, they have indeed " buckled on the armour" to some pur pose. The remaining "arguments" of the honourable Secretary certainly have the merit of originality, end they are accompanied by the ingenuous admission that "he could not understand the objections to die measure." The ecclesiastical system with which "it is Ids pride and privilege to be" connected, is, by some obvious process—the result, no doubt, of unbiassed " conviction," and not by any means allied to " sec. tarian prejudices'* — the oue faultless system with which "he might not be willing' to permit" the smallest interference. But those communities who deem the Voluntary principle to be the life and soul of their religion, and independence of the State, its surest safeguard from corruption and abuse, must submit to the honourable gentleman's method of *• coxsci?irrioTTsi.T" subverting their principles, confounding their perceptions of right and wrong, and sacrificing all title to consistency and self respect ! Were it not beneath the object of even an epheme ral controversy, to trace die "uncoDSciou? follies" and inanities which seem to pass for " solid argu ments" with the majority of our legislators, I might quote an authority for " tea-meetings and fancy fairs, &c.;," too near home to be dismissed with the studied indifference evinced towards the whole tenor of scrip tire and " scriptural authority"—and five and twenty years' experience of the wrongs inflicted by die **col : lective wisdom" of the mother country, presumptu ously laying its commands between the human soul and its Maker, might prompt expressions branding with indelible and merited "obloquy" the unrighteous and anti-cbristian usurpation. Sir Robert Peel fells the burghers of Tamworlh that he is one of themselves, the son of a cotton spinner; and that his wife was the daughter of a private soldier. Lady Peel is the youngest daughter of General Sir John Floyd, who rose from the ranks. A Sandwich island paper states, that for a whole year it had but one delinquent subscriber! Will some of our subscribers just compare their remiss ness in this respect with the promptitude of the Heathen ? All the best clocks that are now in America are constructed with wooden pendulums, which are but little subjected to the influence of heat, and, as such, the rate of these horological machines are much improved. The great clock of the Horse Guards, so much celebrated for its accu racy, is furnished with a wooden pendulum rod. Sir William B being at a parish meeting, made some proposals that were objected to by a far mer. Highly enraged, «' Sir," says he to the farmer, "do you know that I have been to two universities, and at two colleges in each university ?" " Well, Sir," said the farmer, " what of that ? I had a calf that sucked two cows, and the observation I made was, the more he sucked, the greater calf he grew.' I once asked John W. Edmonds, one of the in spectors at Sing Sing Prison, how it was that a Wall street lawyer, brought into sharp collisions with the world, had preserved so much tenderness of heart. 4< My mother was a Quaker," said he, " and a serious j conversation she had with me when I was four or five j-ears old has affected my whole life. I had joined some boys who were tormenting a kitten. We chased her, and threw stones, till we killed her. When I came into the house I told my mother what ;we had done. She took me on her lap and talked to me in such moving style about my cruelty to the poor helpless little animal that I sobbed as if my heart would break. Afterwards, if I were tempted to do anything unkind, she -would tell me to remember how sorry I was for having hurt the poor little kitten. I never forgot that circumstance. Fora long time after I could not think of it without tears. It impres sed me so deeply that, wheu I became a man, I couM never see a forlorn suffering wretch run down by bis fellow-beings without thinking of that hunted and pelted little beast. Even now the ghost of that kit ten, and the recollection of my dear mother's gentle lessons, come between me and the prisoners at Sing Sing, and for ever admonish me to be humane and forbearing." — Mrs Child's Lettersfrom New York. It is a curious fact that the President of the United States, the warlike and pugnacious Polk, was a pri soner of war in the year 1812 to the "Britishers." Mr Polk was then a subaltern in the United States army, and was captured on the ice near Detroit, by a parry of the 41st Regiment of Foot, under the command of Captain Bullock. General Cass, the bellicose military orator in the American legislature, also fell by the fortune of war into the hands of the English forces in the same year. A man's wife is his best lawyer, his best counsel, bis best judge, his best adviser, and also the cheapest and most reasonable. So says the Editor of the New York Herald. Printed and published bj the proprietor, John Stephens every Wednesday and Saturday morning, at the South Australian Register and General Priming Office, Hindiey street, Adelaide, South Australia, where Orders and Adver tisements, and all communications to the Editor* will ba received. 