MA11TIN CHtJZZLEWlT IV C. U1CKEKS, ESQ. ( Continued from our last.) So long as Mr. Pecksniff wns in si^ht, and turned his head, at intervals, to EHlute liim, Montague stuod in die road smiling, and waiving bis hand. But when bis new partner had disappeared, and this show was no longer necessary, he sat down on the etiln UMt.1i innVs Rn n\tpTt*({ timf lip mitrlil. have grown ten years older in the mean time. He was flushed with wine, but not gay. Hie scheme had succeeded, but he shewed no triumph. The effurt of sustaining hie difficult part before his Lite companion, had fatigued him, perhaps, or it may he, that the evening whispered to his conscience, or it may be (as it /ins been) that a shadowy veil was dropping round him, closing out all thoughts but the presentiment and vague foreknowledge of impending doom. If there be fluids, as we know there are, which, conscious of a coming wind, or rain, or frost, will blirink and strive to hide them selves in their glass arteries ; may not that Euhtlt! liquor of the blood perceive by pro perties witliiu itself, that hands are raised to waste and spill it; and in the veins of men run cold and and dull as bis did, in ?that hour i So cold, although the air was warm : so .dull, although tile sky was bright: that he ?me up shivering, from his seat, and hastily resumed his walk, lie checked himself as hastily: undecided whether to pursue the footpath which was lonely and retired, or to go hack by the road. He took the footpath. The glory of the departing sun was on liis face. The music of the birds was in his ear;. Sweet wild flowers bloomed about him. Thatched roofs of poor meu's homes were in the distance ; and an old grey spire surmounted by a cross, rose up between him and the coming night. He had never read the lesson which these things conveyed; he had ever mocked and turned away from it ; hut before going down into a hollow place, he looked round once upon the evening prospect sorrow fully. Then he went down, down, down, into the dell. It brought him to the wood ; a close, thick, shadowy wood, through which the path went winding on, dwindling away into a slender sheep track. He pnused before entering; for the stillness of this spot almost daunted him. i lie last rays of the sun were shining in, aslant, making a path of golden light along the stems and branches in its range, which even as he looked began to die away : yielding gently to [he twilight that came creepiug on. It was so very quiet that the soft and stealthy moss about the trunks of some old trees, seemed to have grown out of the silence, and to be its proper offspring. These other trees which were subdued by blasts of wind in winter time, bad not quite tumbled down, but being caught by others, lay all hare and scathed across their leafy arms, as if unwilling to disturb the general repose by the crash of their fall. Vistas of silence opened everywhere, into the heart and innermost recesses of the wood : be ginning with the likeness of an aisle, a cloister, or a ruin opened to the sky ; then tangling off into a deep green rustling mystery, through which gnarled trunks and twisted boughs, and ivy- covered stems, and trembling leaves, and hark-stripped bodies of old trees stretched out at length, were faintly seen in beautiful confusiun. As the sunlight died away, and evening fell upon the wood, he entered it. Moving here and there a bramble or a drooping bough which stretched across his path, he slowly disappeared. At intervals a narrow ?opening showed him passing on, or the sharp cracking of some tender branch de noted where he (vent : then be was seen or heard no more. Never more beheld by mortal eye or heard by mortal ear.; one man exceuted. That man, parting the leaves and brunches on the other side, near where the path emerged again, came leaping out soon afterwards. What had he left within the wood, that lie sprang out of it as if it were a bell ! Tlie body of a murdered man. In one thick solitary spot, it lay among the last year's leaves of oak and beech, just as it had fallen headlong down Sopping and soak ing in among the leaves that formed its jillow; oozingdown into the boggy ground, as if to cover itself from human sight ; forcing its way between and through the ourling leaves, as if those senseless things rejected and forswore it, and were coiled up in abhorrence; vent a dark, dark stain -that dyed and scented the whole summer night from earth to heaven. The doer of this deed came leaping from the wood so fiercely, that he cast into tin air a shower of fragments of young boughs, lorn away with liis passage, and /ell with violence upon the grass. But he quickly gained his feet again, and keeping under neath a hedge with liis body bent, went running on towards the road. The road once reached, he fell into a rapiJ walk, and get on towards London. And lie was not sorry for what lie bad done. He .« aB;fi igbtened when he thought of it— when did he, not think of ill— but he was not sorry. He had hnd a terror and dread of the. wpod when he w»b in it ; but being out of it, and Jiaving committed the crime, bis fears were now diverted, strangely, to the dark room be had lefishut up at home. He had a greater horror, in finitely greater, of ^h'1 ''P fllBn °^ *'' wood. Now that he was on iis return t it, it seemed beyond comparison moredismt and more dreadful than the wood. Hi hideous secret ivns shut up in the room.au all its terrors were there; to bistbinkiug was not in the wood at all. He walked on for ten miles; and the stonned at an alehouse for a coach, whic he knew wouhl pass through, on its way q- London, before long; and which heplsp knew was not the coach he had travelled down by, for it came from another llace. He sat down outside the door here, on a bench, beside a man who was smoking his pipe. Having called for 6ome beef, aud drunk, himself', he offered it to.tliii com panion, who thanked him, and look a draught. He could not help Iliinking thai, if the man hud known all, he might scarcely have relished drinking oul ot tlie same cup with him. ' A fiue night, mnster I' said this person. ' I didn't see it,' was his hast; answer. ' Didn't see it?' returned the man. '? How the devil could I tee it, if I was asleep!' 'Asleep I Ay, ay!' The man appeared surprised by his unexpected irritability, and saying no more, smoked bis pipe in silence. They had not sat very long, when there was a knocking within. 'WhntVlhat!' cried Jonas. ' Can't say, I'm sure,' replied the man. He made no further inquiry, for the last question had escaped him, in spite of him self. But he was thinking, at the moment, of the closed-up room ; of the possibility of their knocking at the door ou some special occasion ; of their being alarmed at receiv ing no answer; of their bursting it open ; of their finding the room empty ; of their fastening the door into the court, and ren dering it impossible for him to get into the bouse without showing himself in the garb he wore; which would lead to rumour, rumour to detection, detection to death. At that instant, as if by some design and order of circumstances, the knocking had come. It still continued ; like a warning echo of the dread reality he hud conjured up. As he could not sit and hear it, he paid for his beer and walked on again. And having slunk about, in places unknown to him, all day ; and being out at night, in a lonely road, in an unusual dress, and in that wan dering and unsettled frame of mind ; he stopped more than once to look about him, hoping he might be in a dream. Still he was not sorry. No. He had hated the man too much ; and had been bent, too desperately and too long, on setting himself free. If the thing could have come over again, he would have done it again. His malignant and revengeful passions were not so easily laid. There was no more penitence and remorse within him now, than there had been while the deed was brewing. Dread and fear were upon him. To an extent he bad never counted on, and could not manage in the least degree. He was so horridly afraid of that infernal room at home. This made him, in a gloomy, mur derous, mad way, not onlv fearful for him self but of himself; for being, as it were, a part of the room: a something supposed to be there, yet missing from ill he in vested himself with its mysterious terrors : and when he pictured in his mind the ugly chamber, false and quiet, false and quiet, through the dark hours of two nights ; and the tumbled bed, aud he not in it, though believed to be ; he became in a manner his own ghost and phantom, and wasat once the haunting spirit and the haunted man. When the coach came up, which it soon did, he got a place outside, and was carried briskly onward towards home. Now, in taking his seat among the people behind, who were chiefly couutry people, he con ceived a fear that they knew of the murder, and would tell him that the body had been found; which, considering the time and place of4be commission of the crime, were events almost impossible to have happened yet, as he very well knew. But, although he did know it, aud had therefore no reason to regard their ignorance as anything but the natural sequence of the (acts, still this very ignorance of theirs encouraged him. So far encouraged him, that he began to believe the body never would he found, and began to speculate on that probability. Set ting off from this point; and measuring time by the rapid hurry of hit guilty thoughts, and what had gone More the bloodshed, and the troops of incohertutand disordered images, of which he wis the constant prey ; he came by daylight ?« re gard the murder as an old murder, aid to think himself comparatively safe, beciuse it had not been ' discovered yet. Yet 1 When the sun which looked into the wtod, and gilded with its rising light a dead nun's face, had seen that man alive, and sought to win him to one thought of heaven, ju its going down last night I But here were London streets agaii. Hush! It wob but five o'clock. He had tine enough to reach his own house unobservet, and before there were many people in tb) streets; if nothing. had happened so .far teudingto his discovery. He slipped down from the coach without troubling the drivel to stoji his horses: and hurrying acroBs the road, and in and out of every by-way {that lay near his .course, at -length approached his own dwelling, lie used additional cau tion in his immediate neighbourhood, halt ing firel to look all down the- street before him; then gliding swiftly through that one, and stopping to survey the nexi;'&iid.8oon.; The passage-way was empty 'when liis murderer's face looked into it. He stole on to the door on tiptoe, as if he dreaded to disturb his own imaginary rest. He listened. Not a Bound. As he turned the key with a irembliug hand, and pushed the door softly open with, his knee, a mon strous fear beset his mind. What if the murdered man was there before him! He cast a fearful glance all round. But there was nothing there. He went in, locked the door, drew the key through and through the dust and damp in the fire-place to sully it again, and hung it up as of old. He took off his dis guise, tied it up in a bundle ready for carrying. away and sinking in the river lipfnrp niMit. and locked it un in a cud board. These precautions taken, he un dressed, aud went to bed. The raging thirst, the fire that burnt within him, as he lay beneath the clothes ; the augmented horror of the room, when they shut it out from his view ; the agony of listening, in which be paid enforced re gard to every sound, aud thought the most unlikely one to prelude to that knocking which should bring the news ; the starts with which lie left bis couch, aud lookiug in ' the glass, imagined that his deeii was broadly written in bis face; and lying down and burying himself once more beneath the blankets, heard his own heart beating Murder,Murder,Murder,inthelied. What words can paint tremendous Iruths like these I (To be continued. J 