British Extracts. THE NEWSPAPER STAMP. [From Knight's Penny Magazine.] It was on the evening of Monday, the 28th July, in the year 1712, that two middle- aged men came out of Will's coffee-house, and slowly walked through the close lanes that led to the heart of the city. The one had a brisk alert step, with an air of free hilarity in his face, which was somewhat lighted up in the evening by the magnum of generous claret which he had been taking with his friend. The other moved a little unsteadily, with a hesitating step, which was not improved by the wine he had taken ; but a placid smile played on his features, and in connexion with the dignified repose of his whole manner, gave assurance of the gentle- man. As they passed along they encoun- tered a body of news-venders, known then as hawkers or Mercuries, who were bawling at the top of their lung, " Here you have the last number of the Observator — the last number — no other number will ever be pub- lished on account of the stamp." " Here you have the Flying Post, which will go on in spite of the stamp." "Here you have the Spectator, this day's Spectator, all writ by the greatest wits of the age." The more hilarious of the two friends twitched his companion's arm and whispered, "That's at any rate a comfort, Addison." "True fame, Steele," was the reply. Their onward course was to a small printing office in Little Britain. They climbed the narrow staircase, and were in a close and dingy room, with two printing presses and working spaces for four compositors. A grave man was reading at a desk, and he bowed reverently to the gallants in lace and ruffles, who thus hon- oured him by a visit to his dark den of letters. " Why, Mr. Buckley," said Steele, " your narrow passages and close rooms remind me of the printer of Ben Jonson, who kept his press in a hollow tree. We are come to talk with you about this infernal stamp: a red stamp they tell me 'tis to be, not black like its father. Lillie is obstinate, and says our penny Spectator must be raised to twopence ; and if so, where are our customers to come from?" "I am for stopping," interposed Addison. "Not so, sir; not so, I pray," ejaculated the frightened printer; "there isn't such a paper in town, sir. Goes into the houses of the first of the quality ; not a coffee-house without it. Not like your Post- boys and Posts, which are read by shop- keepers and handicrafts." "I should like to be read by shopkeepers and handicrafts," said Steele. "Oh dear,no, sir; quite im- possible, sir. They must have coarse food ; ghosts and murders. Delicate wit like Mr. Addison's, fine morality like Mr. Steele's, are for the town, sir, not the populace." " A nice distinction, truly," cried Addison ; "Audience fit, though few." "Few, sir? why, we print three thousand ; and we shall print as many when the stamp doubles our price. Our customers will never stand upon a shilling a week. And besides, those who support the government will rejoice in the opportunity of paying the tax. I shouldn't wonder if the stamp doubled our sale." " Very sanguine, Mr. Buckley." " Sanguine, sir? Who wouldn't be sanguine, when rare wits like you condescend to write for the town ? There is Doctor Swift, too, I hear, has been writing penny paper after penny paper. A fine hand, gentlemen! Are we to go back to our old ignorant days because of a red stamp? We must go on improving. Look at my printing office, and see if we are not improved. Why, Sir Roger L'Estrange, when he set up the Intelligencer fifty years ago, gave notice that he would publish his one book a week, 'to be published every Thursday, and finished upon the Tuesday night, leaving Wednesday entire for the printing it off.' And now I, gentlemen Heaven forbid I should boast — can print your Spectator off every day, and not even want the copy more than three days before the publication. Think of that, gentlemen, a half sheet every day. A hundred years hence nobody will believe it." " You are a wonderful man, Mr. Buckley, and we are all very grateful to you," said the laughing-eyed Essayist. " But, talking of a hundred years hence, who can say that our moral and mechanical improvements are to stop here ? I can imagine a time when every handicraft in the country shall read ; when the footman behind the carriage shall read; when the Irish chairman shall read; and when your Intelligencer shall hear of a great battle on the Wednesday morning, and have a full account of it published on the Thursday." " That, sir, with all submission, is actually impossible ; and surely you are joking when you talk of the vulgar learning to read, and taking delight in reading. Reading will never go lower than our shopkeepers, I think." " I wonder," said Addison, " what the people would read a hundred years hence, if they had the ability? They must have books especially suited to their capa- cities." " They would read your ' Vision of Mirza,' and know something about your ' Sir Roger de Coverley.' " " Come come, Diccon, don't be sarcastic. I thought I was pitching my key low enough to suit our fops, and our courtiers, and our coffee-house loungers ; but to be relished by the rabble ! A pinch of' snuff, if you please." " If I could see the day," said Steele, " when we had a nation of readers, and books could cir- culate rapidly through the whole country, I would leave the town to mend its follies as it best might, and set up for a teacher of the people. We would make your press do ten times its present work then, Mr. Buckley." " Ah, sir, great men like you always have their dreams. I once knew a very clever man who fancied the mail would some time or other go to York in three days. Poor man, he was very nearly mad." Addison whispered to his friend that the printer would number him amongst the Bedlam can- didates if he propounded any more of his speculations ; and then, drawing himself up with greater dignity, rejoiced the honest printer's heart by a memorable declaration : — " Come what may, we shall go on in spite of the stamp. There, Mr. Buckley, is the copy for No. 445, Thursday, July 31, which announces our resolve. We will not be cashiered by Acts of Parliament." Royal Polytechnic Institution. — The directors of this establishment have erected in the large gallery of the institution a rail- way with a gradient of 1 in 10, for the pur- pose of testing a locomotive engine patented by a Mr. Coleman, of America. It is a very beautiful contrivance, and is exhibited daily. The model has been made for the purpose of proving that locomotive engines can be so constructed as to ascend and descend in- clined plains without the aid of a stationary engine or any of the contrivances at present resorted to. Thus a considerable saving in the outlay is effected, amounting in some instances to as much as £150,000 per mile. The arrangements consist merely of a number of horizontal rollers being placed between the rails up the gradient and an Archimedian screw underneath and tra- velling with the locomotive. When running upon a level plane the screw is at rest and the power of the engine exerted as in ordi- nary cases, namely, by the adhesion of the driving wheels to the rails, but the moment it arrives at the foot of the gradient the driv- ing wheels are lifted off the rails, and the whole power of the steam is exerted upon the screw, the thread of which being made to pass through the rollers, enables the engine to ascend any gradient, no matter how steep. The model is made on a very large scale, the rails being about seventy feet in length, and takes the form of an irregular curved arch, some parts of which consist of gradients rising 1 in 10, or 800 feet per mile. — Britannia. Serious riots took place at Derby on Tues- day, owing to the lower orders making a desperate effort to persevere in keeping up the barbarous and lawless custom of driving the football through the streets on a Shrove Tuesday. The magistrates were unable to preserve the peace by means of the police, and consequently the military had to be called out, who gave chase to the rioters across the fields towards Normanton. Several of the ringleaders were taken into custody, when, after due admonition, they were liberated on their own recognizances to appear when called upon. No lives were lost in the affray, but the Mayor was hit by a brickbat hurled at him by a ruffian, who was immediately secured. — Leeds Mercury. Mr. Cobden. — It is only comparatively a few years ago since Mr. Cobden used to visit Bristol as commercial traveller to a cotton house in Birmingham, and was, in fact, one of the intelligent and active class that the world has denominated by the uncourteous term of bagmen. He was looked upon by his fellow-travellers as a very clever fellow, and it was amongst his fellow- travellers in the commercial rooms of the principal inns that he first exercised and trained up his talent for political argument. Our informant remembers, as he says, having many a tustle in this way with the hon. member for Stock- port ; and significantly added, " I know all his arguments." Yet this Richard Cobden — the "commercial agent" of a few years — was within an ace of being a cabinet mi- nister the other day ; and has the glory of converting the great veteran statesman and political captain of the age. — Bristol Times. The Duke D'Aumale leaves Paris on the 12th of March on his way to Algeria. The government has not given him any com- mand, but on his arrival in Algiers, he is to place himself under the orders of Marshal Bugeaud. The government hopes that the presence of a Prince of the royal blood will have a good effect in encouraging the worn out troops. The government has not aban- doned the idea of making the French African possessions a vice-royalty, with the Duke D'Aumale at its head. — Leeds Mercury, March 7. It appears that the French government have not relinquished their efforts to strengthen the ports in the Channel. The Minister of Public Works presented to the Chamber of Deputies, on Friday, a further demand of 14,000,000f. to be applied in public works in Havre. — Leeds Mercury, March 7. The most effectual remedy for flies is a strong infusion of souchong tea, sweetened with sugar — as fatal a solution as arsenic. The skins of potatoes boiled in water for some time, and the water afterwards boiled down to a small portion, also yields a deadly poison. The Ravages of Climate. — Some few years ago the 14th Light Dragoons went to India six hundred strong. In less than six years they returned to this country a skeleton of thirty-three men end eleven officers. The disease of the Pope (polypus) has re- cently exhibited alarming symptoms, which, it is feared, can only be mitigated by a severe and dangerous operation. Reconciliation. — The last scene of a comedy is always known by its reconciliations and shaking of hands. All parties make up their quarrels, and explain all their errors. Something like this passing in the House of Commons warns us to expect the end of the great farce of the Peelocracy. The embrace of Cobden and Peel last week was quite affecting. The occurrence deplored was some two or three years old ; but neither had forgotten it; and now there was such mutual forgiveness and soothing speeches as are rarely known except in "The Beggar's Opera." There is one person more to whom Sir Robert Peel owes atonement — we mean an injured manufacturer named Barlow. He presented the Premier with a specimen of velvet, which so pleased that excellent judge of all kinds of manufacture that he had part of it made into a cloak for Lady Peel, and part into some garments for his own use. Unluckily beneath a white sprig of corn there lurked the word "Free." In the height of his indignation Sir Robert returned the velvet to the impudent manufacturer with a severe reprimand, calculated to wound that worthy gentleman's feelings. Let him now make amends for his severity, and, begging the return of the cloak-piece and waistcoats (doubtless preserved by Mr. Bar- low), exhibit his portly waist in the next corn-law debate encased in that pattern, once so obnoxious, but now so favoured, with the word " Free" beneath every wheat- sheaf. The League may then feel secure in his conversion. — Britannia. Officers ordered to India. — The severe loss sustained among British officers be- longing to the corps of Her Majesty's regi- ments engaged in the late victorious engage- ments in India with the army of the Sikhs has caused an order to be received by the Commandant of Chatham garrison, Colonel Sir Thomas Wiltshire, K.C.B., commanding the provisional battalion, to hold the fol- lowing officers in readiness to proceed to the head-quarters of their respective corps now serving in India, viz., Lieut. F. D. Lister, Ensign H. E. Fardell, 9th Foot ; Lieutenant T. E. Wilbraham, 29th Foot; Captain Richard Waddy, Ensign Thomas Rian, and Ensign R. C. Clifford, 50th Foot; Captain W. A. Pinder, Lieutenant Edward Sippings Harrison, Ensign G. J. Ambrose, Ensign G. Vantier Seale, and Ensign H. W. Sibley, 62nd Regiment; Captain S. T. Christie, Ensign H. Leslie Grove, and Ensign Wil- liam Deane Freeman, 80th Regiment. These officers are to proceed by overland mail for their destination. — Britannia. 