DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. LAST NIGHT'S CONCERT. — We are happy to state that Mr. Ravac's second Musical Entertainment was, last night more numerously and fashionably attended than on the first, though the room was far from being crowded. From some unex- plained cause, Mr. Clarke did not appear although it was stated in the programme that " he had kindly given his assistance for this occasion." His absence did not, however, prevent Mr. Ravac from excelling in his performances from those of Friday evening ; indeed the brilliancy of his exe cut on seemed to entrance the audience. Mr. Imberg was very effective on the piano ; but as we intend to give a detailad critique of the different pieces played by these artistes, we shall refrain from making any further remarks unti1 our next. CREATING A DISTURBANCE. — On Monday night, Corporal Dana, of the Black Police, was given into custody by Mr. John Thomas Smith, the proprietor of the Queen's Theatre, for causing a disturbance by insisting upon smoking a cigar in the Dress Boxes, and using indecent language. On bring taken to the Watchhouse in his military costume. Dana gave his name as William, and was locked up for the night, no person offering to become bail for his appearance. Yesterday morning he was brought before his Worship the Mayor, when Mr. S. Stephen attended on his behalf. Dana refused to enter the dock, usually used by persons charged with similar offences, and on his declining to give any reason for such refusal, the Mayor adjourned the hearing of the case until Monday next, ordering the defendant to find two sureties in £5 each for his appearance, which order he with difficulty accomplished. We understand that his Worship's reason for adjourning the hearing of the charge, is to enable him to lay the whole matter before the Superintendent, considering, that as Dana is a servant of the public, it was necessary that he should con- duct himself in a proper manner before the public. THE THEATRE. — The dancing of Madame Veilburn, Mr. and Master Cham- bers continue to be the only source of attraction. The acting cannot be criticised without some appearance of ridicule, which we do not wish to excite, because we believe the actors and actresses exert themselves to please ; therefore, any ill natured observations would be unchar - table. On Monday night, a new Ballet was produced with more than the usual success which generally attends these pro- ductions ; and as it is to be repeated, we may safely recommend the admirers of good dancing to go and see it. PRIVATE SECRETARY.— His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Gilbert John Elliot, Esq., to be His Excellency's Private Secretary, in lieu of Henry Watson Parker, Esq., resigned. COWARDLY ASSAULT ON A FEMALE.— On Monday last, William Howe, the dyer, ap- peared before the Mayor and William Hull. Esq., to answer a charge of assaulting a young girl named Ann Jackson, whose appearance sufficiently denoted the brutal attack which had been made upon her, under the following circumstances the pre- vious Thursday evening : — It appeared the complainant, who resides with her mother, and the defendant are neighbours ; on the above evening, Howe, under the influence of liquor, went to the complainant's at her mother's, when some angry words took place about the defendant's wife, and the discussion ended by Howe deliberately knocking her down, giving her a black eye, setting his foot with violence upon her chest, and ending his manly attack by pul- ling a couple of handfuls of hair from her head. The defendant admitted this to be the case, stating that he was compelled to do so in self-defence, having gone to the complainant's house for some flat irons, which he had lent. The complainant called his wife " an old hag," hit him in the face, threw bricks at him. and finally bit him on the wrist. The magistrates having ascertained that the character of the complainant was of a "questionable na- ture," fined the defendant 40s. and costs, which he paid. ATTEMPT TO COMMIT A ROBBERY. — On Sunday night, the family of Major David- son, South Yarra, were disturbed from their sleep by the barking of the watch dogs, and on some of the male portion of the inmates rising to ascertain the cause, two men were discovered by the light of the moon running from the direction of the Major's house, having no doubt been dis- turbed in their nefarious attempt at rob- bery. Unfortunately there was no fire- arms at hand, or the marauders would have had some reason to repent of their visit. HONEST CONDUCT.— A few days since a gentleman had a pair of cord " continua- tions" sent home from his tailor, which he wore but for a few hours in consequence of their requiring some alteration, they were accordingly sent back to the maker for that purpose, who gave them to one of his men to effect the necessary alterations ; about an hour after the workman came into his master's shop with twenty pounds, which he said had been left by the owner in the watch-pocket. Such conduct can- not be too highly praised, and in the pre- sent instance the owner did not know what had become of the money. The finder could have retained it without fear of de- tection, his, however was a good example. Honesty it always the best policy. RETURNING OFFICER.— Our contemporary the "Daily," is rather alarmed to find that at present there has been no Returning Officer appointed in terms of the Imperial Act, in place of Mr. Verner, who left for Europe. By way of sorting the fears of our contemporary at rest, we are in a position to inform him that Major St. John, the original Returning Officer, under the new Constitution for the colony, is to be re- appointed to the vacant Honorary Office, so that the inconveniences so much dreaded are not likely to arise. COURT OF REQUESTS. — Plaints for the June Sittings of the Court of Requests, must be filed on Saturday the 23rd instant. MAN MISSING.— On Saturday last, a man named Donovan, residing nt Richmond, left home with his team of bullocks for Melbourne, and having finished his busi- ness, started to return, but remained drinking at some public house until near dark. The last time be was seen he was driving his team in a state of intoxication near the residence of Mr. Latrobe and has not since been heard of ; on the following morning his team was brought home, hav- ing been found astray near Richmond. It is feared that the unfortunate man has met a watery grave, as no clue can be heard of to trace him. THE GOVERNMENT STOCKYARD. — The new fence in course of erection round the new Government Offices, has been most appropriately styled by a Melbourne wag, the Government Stock Yard ; and in good truth there is no denying the fact, that the appearance of the fence, fully corroborates the assertion, and we can only express our surprise that the Government should be so miserably penurious, as to place a clumsy three rail fence round a building of such magnitude ; surely out of the im- mense revenues of Port Phillip, there coold be enough of money spared to place a proper fence round this structure. The one now in course of erection is a disgrace to the authorities who sanctioned such an undertaking. A TEETOTALLER'S FUNERAL. — On Satur- day last, poor old Sergeant Corie, a faithful servant of the public, gave up the ghost, having been seriously ill since February last, which illness was brought on through excessive duty day and night in the Mel- bourne Police. Our readers will remember that in our last we stated Corie had been dismissed from his situation in the police for being sick, the Superintendent having promulgated an order to the effect, that all constables when absent from their duty a week, whether through sickness or other- wise, should be dismissed ; and Corie was unfortunately the first to feel the effect of this, — to say the least of it — uncharitable mandate— and it is to be supposed that the sudden and unexpected dismissal of Corie, was the means of accelerating the poor old fellow's death. " Peace to his manes." Being a teetotaller, it was determined by the members of that fraternity to follow his remains to their last home. Ac- cordingly on Sunday last, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, about 300 persons followed, in procession, the mortal remains of Corie to their sepulchre, in the following order : — The Brass Band of the Society, playing the Dead March. The Hearse containing the body. Mourners — two and two. Teetotallers— two and two. Corie, was an obliging police officer, and a great favourite with the inhabitants. WAGES CASE. — A poor woman named Mary Dignum, appeared at the Police Court, on Monday last, to claim two mouths wages, from Mr. Thomas Foote, of the Hume River, under the fol- lowing circumstances ; — It appeared from the evidence of the complainant, that she had been hired in Melbourne under a written agreement for nine months, to wet nurse the defendant's child, and to make herself generally useful; accordingly she was sent up by the mail to the station, taking her child with her, having had per- mission to do so. After remaining a month, it was said that she had not a sufficiency of milk for the defendant's child, and also was ultimately discharged, the defendant even refusing to pay her wages then due, or to pay her expenses to Melbourne. The complainant gave £1 to a bullock driver to bring her to town, and now sought to recover the amount for two months wages. For the defence, it was contended that the complainant was not emitted to wages, because she had no milk. The Mayor said it would be ex- tremely hard upon the complainant, be- cause Providence bad not given her a sufficiency of milk to supply two children instead of one, and as permission had been given her to take her own child on the station, he considered the poor woman was entitled to £3 6s. 8d., and costs, which sum was accordingly decreed. RULE A WIFE AND HAVE A WIFE. — On Monday last John Foster, and Julia his wife, appeared before the Melbourne Bench, to answer the complaint of their employer, Mr. John Hassett, of the Melbourne Tavern, for a breach of the Master and Servants' Act, the former with refusing to work, and the latter with absconding. From the complainant's statement it would appear, that the defendants entered into a written agreement with him at the rate of £35 per annum, on the 27th of April last ; four days after which, " Julia," who looked the very model of " Maids of all Work," said she did not like the yard, it was too wet, and as she had a great aversion to take cold, "she would leave," and leave she did, notwithstanding the remonstrances of her lord and master, and nothing could prevail upon her to return, The conse- quences of Julia's absence was soon ap- parent on John, who betrayed much dis- content, and finally asked his employer to give him his discharge, which was refused. Being a Frenchman, he took " French leave," and was now brought before the Mayor to answer for this misdemeanour. In defence, Mr. F. Stephen said that Foster was willing to go back, but be could not get his wife do so. Foster here, with great emphasis said, Yes, I give her great beat- ing, but she will no go back", and I am much vexed. Julia, here said, with a simper, That she couldn't abare the place, and wouldn't go back. Under these circumstances, the Magistrates finding that Julia would not be ruled, took compassion upon her husband, and mulct him the amount of wages due, ordered him to pay the costs of the summons, and cancelled the agreement. This done, John and Julia trotted off, arm-in-arm, in high glee. THE STOCKS IN DANGER.— On Friday night some "gentlemen," in humble imitation of the Waterfordians, went out for a "spree," and as a " spree'' could not be obtained without such notable and gallant efforts as breaking a square or two of glass, wrenching off a knocker, or some such equally meritori- ous action. This plan, was of course adopted, until these distinguished "gentle- men" like the Indians of America, had worked themselves up into a proper state of excitement, and were ripe for anything. One of them suggested that if their party could but succeed in removing the stocks which front the watchhouse in the Market-square, their fame would resound far and near, sod the achievement be handed down to posterity, as the most daring in the annals or modern chi- valry. This soul-exciting observation was scarcely made, when their leader, with a des- perate effort (being a lean, and well-known individual) shrieked out — "Huzza, huzza, what ere may be done, My soul's in arms, and eager for the fun." The party then started to the scene of action, using all necessary precaution in approaching the "devoted stocks," which were surrounded in a most praiseworthy manner, and carried out of their resting-place by a coup de main. The assailants then removed the captured stocks, and placed them against the watch- house door, the modern Dogberry being at that period in the enjoyment of a comfortable snooze. The besiegers then retreated in good order, and effected their escape. THE ALLEGED SCABBY SHEEP CARE.— On Thursday last, Mr. Furlonge applied to his Worship the Mayor, to set aside a certi- ficate granted to Mr. Broadhurst the previous Saturday, under the provisions of the " Scabby Sheep Act," to examine certain sheep his property, running at Mercer's Vale, stating that his sheep never were scabby, or deceased, neither had they ever been on a scabby run, and that the first intimation he had of the occurrence was through the public prints. The party who had obtained the certificate had never put it in force, and as such a proceeding must have a tendency to injure him, he could only conclude that the application had been made from a malicious motive. The Mayor said he was sorry he had not the power to set aside the order, but if on inspection, it turned out the sheep were not scabby, he had his remedy in a higher Court. Mr. Furlonge left the office, stating that he would proceed against the party. THE LATE MURDEROUS ASSAULT. — Yesterday, David Gorman, who had been remanded on bail from the previous Tues- day, on a charge of violently assaulting Mr. Henry Dewing, on the Melbourne Race Course, on the last day of the March Meeting ; the particulars of the defendant's apprehension have already appeared. The evidence of Mr. Main, taken at the last examination having been read, he was cross-examined by Mr. Stephen : — I saw some one struck during the last leap ; the prosecutor admitted to me that he had been compelled to strike at some person during the Hurdle race at the last leap, for not letting go the reins of his horse's bridle when he re-mounted after being thrown. Ebenezer Miller — by Chief Constable Brodie, — I live at the Moonee Ponds ; I remember the hurdle race at the last races ; I saw the prosecutor there ; I also saw him struck ; at that time I was leading his horse which had won the race ; he was ten or twelve yards from the weighing stand, when he was struck with a stick on the head; I dont know who struck the blow, but he fell from his horse from the effects of it : he then attempted to run across the course, when the man who had struck him followed and struck him again ; several blows were then struck with sticks in quick succession; I can positively swear that the party who struck the second blow was the party who struck the first ; Mr. Dewing again fell to the ground from the effects of the last blows ; 1 don't know what sort of a stick the party had who committed the assault, neither can I swear how many persons were engaged in it ; I saw but one man armed with a bludgeon, The Mayor to Witness— Have you been threatened with a broken head in case you gave evidence here today ? Witness. — I have never been spoken to on the subject. John Ward.— I was at the races on the day the assault was committed, and in consequence of there being some fighting on the course I left for town ; I saw Dew ing struck, but I cannot say by whom ; I do not know the prisoner ; when Dewing was struck five or six sticks were raised in the air. Henry Dewing. — I reside at Geelong ; I recollect the 26th March; I rode the winning horse in the hurdle race ; at the last leap my horse fell with me, and when I re-mounted some one held my horses bridle; I said "let go all right," this the man refused, saying, " Oh no, you are not going to win," or words to that effect, and still held on the bridle ; I then struck at him with my whip, when he let go, and I rode on ; I don't know the man who held the bridle; after I commenced my speed again two sticks were thrown at me ; after being weighed, I was coming out of the yard, a man named Miller leading my horse ; there was a crowd of people, and I was attacked with sticks and knocked down ; I do not know who the parties were that struck me, as I was surrounded ; I do not know the prisoner ; the blow that knocked me from my horse rendered me insensible, in which state I remained until I was conveyed to the Pastoral Hotel ; the first thing I recollect was the doctor coming to bleed me, which I objected to. By Mr. Stephen.— I struck at the same man who held my horse ; I don't know whether the prisoner was the person I struck. David John Thomas.— I am a surgeon ; I attended Mr. Dewing on the race course immediately after he had been assailed ; I found him in a state of insensibility, ex- tended on a table, and people around him ; I found a contused wound on his head ; I ordered him to be removed to Melbourne, and he was taken on board the steamer and conveyed to the Pastoral Hotel : I visited him there three times and con- sidered his life in danger, until 11 o'clock on the night of the day be was assailed ; I examined the body of Mr. Dewing, and found bruises in several places ; my opinion is, that the contused wound on the head was occasioned by a kick. The prisoner was then committed to take his trial, but admitted to bail, himself in £60, and two sureties in £40 each. CIVIL LAW.— This morning is the first day of the second term ; the barristers are not likely to be busy. THE SYDNEY PRESS. — The Sydney papers are not very honorable in their method or dealing with their Port Phillip brethren. The " Sydney Herald" copies a leading ar- ticle from the " Port Phillip Gazette" on the Oregon Territory question, and coolly quotes it as from a " London paper." The " Australian," not much better, copies the same original article, and about a column more original matter from our paper, and says from " The Port Phillip Papers." The "Spectator" says it derives its English In- telligence from the " Port Phillip Herald Extraordinary," and " Port Phillip Gazette." The "Atlas" copies the same leader as an English extract. MR McEACHERN. — This gentleman, for- merly connected for a short time with the Port Phillip Press, is now a clerk in the Audit Office, Hobart Town. SNOW. — A severe snow storm has been ex- perienced in the Buninyong District, which has killed a great proportion of the lambs, especially on high ground. THE TAMAR STEAM SHIP, is nearly ready for sea, having undergone a thorough repair, and getting in a large boiler, by which her speed will be considerably increased She is expected to leave Sydney on the 1st of June, taking the Shamrock's turn for Port Phillip, after that she will run regularly between that Port and Launceston. The Shamrock will, on her return to Sydney re- ceive a new boiler, and a complete refit pre- paratory to resuming her usual trips. LEICHARDT TESTIMONIAL.— We remind those who intend giving their subscription to this testimonial, that lists are now open at the various Banks, at Mr. Easey's, Mr. Puller's, and at the office of the Secre- tary William Westgarth, Esq. The fol- lowing are the subscriptions already re- ceived by the Secretary and Treasurer : — ................................£ s. d. James Webster........... 1 1 0 Westgarth Ross & Co.. 2 2 0 B. Heape................... 1 1 0 J. & R. Bakewell......... 1 1 0 George Ward Cole...... 1 1 0 Annand Smith and Co.1 1 0 C. Barnes...................1 1 0 M. Gibson .................1 1 0 Jackson Rae & Co....... 2 2 0 W. E. Wilkie.............. 1 1 0 James Clowe.............. 1 1 0 H. Baker ................... 1 0 0 R. Fennell ..................1 0 0 G. S. Lang ..................1 1 0 W. Easey ................... 1 1 0 G. Barnes ..................1 1 0 G. S. Bunchet.............0 10 6 Thomas McCombie.... 1 1 0 J. Pullar..................... 1 1 0 A. M..........................1 1 0 THE CONSTABULARY. — Yesterday, a per- son named Michael Sullivan, was sworn in a special constable for the town under the new arrangement. The number is now complete. LARCENY. — Yesterday, a man named Andrew Fortune, had the misfortune to be committed to take his trial for stealing a spoon from the Commercial Inn, value six- pence. Mr. Anderson identified the spoon as his property. THE BRIDGE. — Mr. Peter Whelan has obtained the contract for supplying the stone for the Prince's Bridge, in place of Milne, who gave up the contract some time since. CORONER'S INQUEST. — On Monday last, an inquest was held at the Edinburgh Castle, Flinders-lane, by W. B. Wilmot, Esq., M.D., Coroner for the District, on the body of a child aged 18 months, named Eliza Whelan, who expired the previous day, under the following circumstances : — It appeared that on Saturday morning the deceased and her sister, also a child, were sitting by the fire-side, when the tea kettle containing boiling water, was by some accident upset, and the contents fell over the child, who lingered in great agony until Sunday evening, when she expired. The Jury returned a verdict of " Acci- dental Death." THE MELBOURNE "SNOBS" — The knights of St. Crispen, in imitation of the knights of the thimble, on Monday struck for a rise of wages. We hope the masters will resist their extortionate demands and put down this system of dictation. 