THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTION. Resuming, on Friday evening, the subject of Meteorology, Professor Rennie proceeded to the consideration of visible water, or the various forms which the vapour, previously shown to exist, as- sumes in the air. In a brief recapitulation, he alluded to the established fact of the process of evaporation in continual activity, from the agencies of heat and movement. Yet, notwithstanding this fact, the air feels dry to the touch, and appears transparent to the eye. This shows the existence of some beautiful mechanism, and proves the regu- lating influence of some general law of nature to which it is obedient. Cold, or, in the language of science, the abstraction of heat, is the cause that renders vapour, generally invisible, occasionally visible. It is well known that reflection or radiation is one of the laws that regulate the rays of light. The rays of heat are subject to a principle precisely the same. This he familiarly explained by the in- troduction of two metallic reflectors, and a refer- ence to the successful experiments, with similar ap- paratus of some of the illustrious philosophers of Geneva. On this principle of the radiation of heat, or its inherent tendency to equalize itself, and bring the bodies around it to the same temperature, de- pends the formation of dew and hoar frost. On this interesting topic, and on certain facts which may be deduced, of great importance in practical horticul- ture, he expatiated at considerable length. Clouds are the same vapour rising to a certain height, and then floating along on the wind, in all their varied forms, diversifying the beauty of nature, and sug- gesting to the poet some of his finest images. The intermingling of various currents of air may pro- bably produce varying densities in clouds where the amount of vapour and heat are disproportioned. As collaterally identified with this subject, he pro- ceeded to the Trade Winds, which may be readily explained on the principle already established; though of the causes of the varying winds, philosophic pride need not blush to own its ignorance. Yet the fact remains that the constant currents of air as well as the unceasing movements of the waters powerfully contribute to produce a temperature adapted to sus- tain animal life. But for this, the tropical and inter- polar regions would be alike uninhabitable. The learned professor then explained, by reference to a map, the direction of the principal currents found in the ocean masses. If we consider this magnificent machinery of cur- rents of air and this vast array of ocean rivers, with all their concomitant circumstances, how fitted will they be found to elevate the apparently mean and insignificant into dignity and importance, and to associate the minute dew-drop and the trickling rill with combinations of grandeur. The contemplation of all these circumstances forces upon us the con- viction that "the hand that made all things is divine." But how is it, some may ask, that clouds float in the air? This question may be answered by another. How do iron boats float in the water? The principle is the same. Every globule of the vapour of which the clouds are composed, imprisons a portion of light air which renders them buoyant. Amongst the important purposes subserved by the clouds, may be mentioned the power which they possess of keep- ing vast masses of water suspended in the air, and diffusing them in gentle rains and refreshing showers, thus preventing the desolating effects of sudden and violent deposits. It is probable that the ruinous droughts of the sister-colony may be the result of avarice. The multitudinous flocks which crop the herbage, destroy the means by which the vapour, in its ascent in the shape of dew, might be retained to refresh the thirsty earth. In alluding to the beautiful phenomenon of the Rainbow and to the pre- mise of God himself of which it serves as an ever- lasting memento, the lecturer observed that, though miraculous, it is not a miracle, depending solely on the iridescence of light. It is not in this law that God keeps his covenant with mankind; but in the perseverance of the clouds which admits the forma- tion of the rainbow, and, of itself, prevents the catas- trophe of a universal cataclysm. In conclusion, the lecturer adverted to meteoro- logical phenomena assuming a terrific character, as in the mid-day apparition of the "Spectre of the Broken." The principle of this appearance he ex- plained and connected with his subject by an interest- ing description, given in the Philosophical Journal, of a similar spectral phenomenon observed by two gen- tlemen in the ascent of Ben Lomond. Such appear- ances, he remarked, were by no means uncommon, nor difficult of explanation. He had no doubt that Mount Wellington has its cloud-demon. Time pre- vented him on the present occasion from entering, as he could have wished, more fully into the subject, and dissecting the doctrine of ghosts and spectres. He had no doubt that ignorance of meteorological principles, aided by a large development of the organs of wonder and ideality, would have worked up the apparition of Ben Lomond into an admirable ghost story. 