OPENING OF CHRIST'S COLLEGE, TASMANIA. The opening of the new College and laying the first stone of a new range of buildings to form a wing on the West Front of the present erection, took place on Thursday last. The interest which has been felt, and the anxious wish on the part of the leading co lonists, to support, the kinds of the higher branches of education and their efforts to establish a College and as a means of ensuring the religious instruction of all classes of Her Majesty's Tasmanian subjects, was exhibited on this occasion by the attendance of most of the leading clergy and gentry on this side the Island ; graced also by the fair and beautiful daughters of this the adopted country of their enter prising progenitors; this day will be long remem- bered, as one on which a great and good work has been earnestly commenced ; and the completion of which will remain as a lasting monument of the pious and charitable exertions of the present generation. At eleven o'clock there was an assemblage of, at least, two hundred persons of the highest respectability; and a few minutes after that time the proceedings commenced with morning prayers in the chapel, after which, the Rev. John Phillip Gell was inducted in to the seat and office of Warden, by the Venerable the Archdeacon by taking him by the right hand and saying— I, Fitzherbert Adams Marriott, in behalf of our Right Reverend Father in God, Francis Russell, Lord Bishop of the Diocese, do hereby induct thee, John Philip Gell, into the seat and office of Warden of this our College, dedicated to our Saviour, Christ. Be thou always zealous for the honour of His holy name ; be thou diligent in teaching His doctrine ; be thou loving and affable towards them that are learners in His school; and so come to an eternal reward hereafter. In the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Warden then read over the names of the elected Members of the College, and after giving no tice of the Holy Communion for Sunday next — ad- dressed the congregation in the most solemn and earnest strain of encouragement to the supporters of this and all similar institutions. The congregation ihen proceeded to the site of the intended building in the following order : — The Archdeacon and Clergy ; the Rural Dean and College Trustees; the Warden, Fellows, Scholars and other Students of the College followed by the congregation. After reading the 127th psalm and a prayer, the Rural Dean said Let us pray for Christ's Holy Catholic Church, especially tbat pure aud reformed part of it established in these realms ; for the Queen's most excellent Majesty, Defender or the Faith, over all persons and all causes within Her dominions supreme; for the Ministers and Dispensers of God's Holy Word and Sacraments, as well Archbishops, especially William, Lord Archbishop of this Province, and Bishops, especially Francis Russell, Lord bishop of this Diocese, as the inferior Clergy, the Priests, and Deacons. Let us piay likewise for the Queen's most honourable Council, for the Lieutenant-Governor, Councils, and Officers of this Territory. For all Schools and Seminaries of sound learning and religious educa tion; and herein I more especially desire your prayers for the Wardens, Fellows, and Scholars of Christ's College, with all tbe Students in the same, that all and every of these, in their several stations, may serve truly and diligently to the glory of God and the welfare of His people, remembering that solemn account they must one day give before the tribunal of God. Pray we, likewise, for all our Benefactors, especially Sir John Fianklin, some time our Lieu tenant-Governor, and the first benefactor to this good work, that it may please Almighty God to accept their offerings, and to re member them in the day of His coming. Finally, let us praise His Holy Name for all His servants departed this life in His faith and fear, beseeching Him to give us grace so to follow their good example, that this life ended we may be made partakers with them of the glorious resurrection in the life ever lasting. The Lord's Prayer followed as response by all pre sent, when the Rural Dean proceeded lo give an ac count of ibe College Trust Fund, from which it would appear that most gratifying results have been produced by the exertions which have been made up to the pre sent time ; but much remains to be done, and that active spirit of benevolence which has never ceased in the breasts of the religious and the charitable, will have again and again to be called into renewed vi gour, that benefits still greater may be derived, and that lasting blessings may crown the efforts so well and happily begun. The Archdeacon then said, in a laudable voice : Who is willing to consecrate his service, this day, unto the Lord ? When Mr. Kermode as one of the Trustees replied : Who are we that we should be able to offer willingly after this sort ? for all things come of Thee, and of Thine own have we given Thee. —1 Chron., xxix., 14. The Archdeacon then offered up the following prayer : Prevent us, O Lord, in all our doings with Thy most gracious favour, and further us with Thy continual help ; that in all our works begun, continued, and ended in Thee, we may glorify Thy Holy Name, and finally by Thy mercy obtain everlasting life, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. O, Eternal God, mighty in power, and in majesty incomprehen sible, who art the Creator and Upholder of all things, without whom nothing is strong, nothing is holy ; Bless, O Lord, this work for which we are here gathered together to the honour and glory of Thy great name, and the edification of Thy Holy Church, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Enlarge the hearts of Thy faithful people, that as the Israel- ites of old offered willingly, so we, remembering our days on earth are but as a shadow, and that there is none abiding, and that all things come of Thee, may with perfect hearts offer willingly, each according to his ability, unto Thee our Lord and God. Amen. Accept, O Lord, of these our prayers and praises, through Jesus Christ. And may the glorious majesty of the Lord our God be Uffon us. Prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us. O prosper Thou our handy-work. Amen and Amen, After the offering and a prayer by the Venerable the Archdeacon the first stone of ibe intended struc ture was laid, and dedicated to our Lord and Saviour in the following words : — Forasmuch as it has pleased the Almighty God to accept our unworthy service in the name of His beloved Son, we, therefore, dedicate this building to His name, and in behalf of His Church and people, we lay this foundation stone to the honour of the only begotten Son, our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Amen. The Archdeacon then delivered an address in which he congratulated and encouraged his hearers, and in language pure and unadorned was listened to with a most earnest attention. In this address be read a great portion of the inaugural oration of Mr. Gladstone, the present Secretary of State for the co lonies, who insists upon the principle of education be ing based on religion, as essential to the well being and happiness of society. Similar opinions were read from letters which the Archdeacon had received from the Bishop of Oxford and the head of the church in New Zealand, and the address was concluded with the blessing. This ended the ceremony and the company retired to the receiving room where refreshment had been provided of which the greatest part of the company were invited to partake. 