©rigtnal ©omgpottfcience. MR. LOWE'S FREEHOLD BENEFICES BILL, AND ITS PRINCIPLE. To the Editor of the Spectator. Litora tiim patria- lacrimans portusque relinquo, Feror exul in altum, Cum sociis, natoque, Penatibus, et magnis Diis. Lib. III. .flSneidos. Sir, — Believing Mr. Lowe's Church Bill opposed to equity and common sense, and so, very consistently, subversive of all ecclesiastical order, I make no excuse for calling public attention to a calm discussion of the question, borne, lregretto see, imagine mat Mr. Lowe s recent attempt to embarrass the Church and meddle with her internal affairs having failed, they have now but to fold their arms, as usual, and relapse into the slumbers of apathy. They reason — if it can be called reason — thus: "Let the matter drop , Mr. Lowe has seen the futility and absurdity of his project, and will abstain from such rash interference for the future." These people do not know the honorable and learned member for Auckland. He is a man of genius, eloquence, and perseverance, — what he once sets his mind upon, he keeps steadily in view. Undaunted by difficulties, undismayed by opposition, he spurns aside the obstacles that beset his path. When determined to do any thing, he never rests, until, by the exertion of his restless spirits, he has seen that object accomplished. He has determined to destroy the barriers — weak and feeble as they are — which guard the precincts of the Anglican Church. In spite of all general disclaimers, I reiterate, I insist upon the charge. We have seen the intentions of the Atlas all along. The insolent hostility of that paper to the Anglican Bishop and his Clergy, so frequently and so disgustingly expressed, had a near relation to this master. Divide et impera — sow dissention in the ChujcK, ari'd then- we shall have a pretext for lay intrusion. The slavish organ of Mr. Lowe's sentiments has a) ways re- echoed, though not in a very refined manner, the anti-Churoh spirit of its master. He has evidently told the docile crea ture that the bill will not go down at present, upon which it very dutifully drops the subject : — comforted, no doubt, by the assurance that if the design has come to the ground it will soon rise again, like Antaeus, with renewed vigour, and, it is hoped, with better success. Having shewn something of the motives which in fluence me, I proceed to make my comments, as briefly as the subject will allow. And, first, though " Canoni cal Law does not pass the sea" — does not come into a country with authority and power over all persons as the Common Law does," it is nevertheless binding on those who are ' by choice' members of the corporatebody, which has, froth time immemorial , been regulated by it. I admit it looks to the temporal power to give' it that temporal power which is more or less requisite for. its efficiency.. But further than this we cannot go. For instance, if the Legislative Council were to decree that in this colony a man might marry his wife's sister, (and, by Mr. Lowe's principle, it would be a question open ta discussion), the ministers of the Churches of England and Rome- would still refuse to perform the service, beoause prohibited by the Canonical Law which' they are bound to obey. And, moreover, if such a marriage, or pretended marriage were to take place, it would be voidable in the Courts of Law in- England. I know that in this dioceso an application, for a license in the case above, was made and refused a the grounds I have stated- Whatever may be asserted by Common Law writers, the Canon Law is, and must be, binding on those who have sworn obedience to it. The thing stands to reason as a self-evident proposition. An officer in a society, of any sort is bound to abide by the laws of that sooiety ; if he does not like what they, exact of him, he can go out of it altogether But when he ' does go out of office, I protest against his retaining, any trust in virtue of that office, or getting .others to keep it for him. If the- Treasurer of- a Provident, or any other Society) were to- refuse when expelled from the body, to give up his trust, or withhold it on any pretence, would he not be treated as a swindler, both by law and common sense 1 Now apply this reason ing to Mr. Lowe's bill. In a case of heresy, or impu ted heresy, the question must come indirectly before a- lay-jury,- when the Church Court has found the minister guilty. The Bishop, and a court of brother priests try, and if they find him guilty, condemn him, If the offender shews that obstinacy which the bill is intended to foster, the Bifchop . at last is compelled to excommunicate him, and depose him of his cure. The cure of souls will not be allowed to be separate from the temporalities of the place. Thus we come to the wise and intelligent lay jury, composed of Colonial country gentlemen, and thickheaded farmers or settlers. These very gravely decide that A. B. is not a Mono- physite, Arian, Socinian, or whatever it may be ; that he is, on the contrary, a sound member of the Anglican Church: therefore the Bishop is a tyrant— therefore the heretical teacher shall retain possession of the parsonage and glebe, subscribed for and granted on the understanding that it was to be for the use of the Church of England in that spot, and for nothing else. But, says Mr. Lowe,— and it is a sagacious remark — the bill would have left the Church at the disposal of the Bishop, though it took from the Anglican commu nion the parsonage and glebe. I hope the Bishop made a low bow-. Is the new curate of souls to reside in the Church ? What is he to live upon — the prayer books and hassocks 1 It reminds me of a boy sharing a nut with his brothers. He cracks the nut, and in the equitable and generous division that follows, keeps the kernel and givs away the shell. What after all is to prevent the heretical Mr. A. B. from holding forth like Wesley in the church -yard ? Doing this too with meek countenance of Apostolical merit, and shewing off as an attractive little display of persecu tion, that the Bishop will not let him go inside. Sir, this bill was drawn up by no true son of the Church of England— it never was intended to do any thing but mischief. It is a bill to encourage heresy and false doctrine in particular cases, with a view to the dissolution of Ecclesiastical Discipline in New South Wales. But let us return and see what Canonical Law really is. It may, I think, be correctly defined as the Church Law previous to the Reformation, gathered from the ancient General Councils, the Fathers, the Ecclesiastical Edicts of the Christian Emperors', and lastly the Provincial Synods in each several nation. It was specially adopted as the law of the Anglican Church by 25 Henry VIII, chap. 19, sec. 9, and con firmed again and re-enacte'd by 1 Elizabeth, chap. 1. It was then modified by clauses guarding the liberty of the subject and the supremacy of the sovereign. In this modified state it is the law not only of the Church iti, and of England, but al?o of all branch establishments, who draw thence not merely their orders— but also acknowledge the Archbishop of Canterbury as Primate. There is a distinction to be made. The Reformed Episcopal Churches of Scotland are separate and independent, although in communion with us. The Colonial Anglican Churches are not so. They are outposts under the supervision of head quarters, and not distinct, though friendly armies. In such a case, though the allies are under the same ge neral military laws, they can make those orders and arrangements they may separately require. Surely a little thought would shew even this. For if the Acts of Henry VIII. that relate to Canon Law are not a part of the essential constitution of the An glican Church— if they are merely in force in England and are not the assertion of a principle— the Pope of Rome has elsewhere a right of supremacy. His su premacy was only denied in England, say my oppo nents : and therefore, I assert, it inevitably follows that the Pope is the Head of the Anglican Church in this colony, and not the Queen ; which, on the very face of the thing, is absurd. As to the Canon Law and its obligation, surely men may carry their religious institutions with them into the land of their adoption. iEneas brought his gods to Latium ; but it was, in Mr. Lowe's opinion, a very illegal proceeding. He thought, poor man (having no lawyer at his elbow to set him right), that he might carry his religion, and all that related thereto, from Troy to Italy, which was rather farther over the sea than be very well liked. But to be serious. I piotest against the doctrine, that temporal sanction is required for the private rules of any society. Mr. Lowe seems to have forgotten in his Latitudinarianism that the Church is a society — a body of men having officers to perform certain duties, and subject to certain peculiar laws and regulations. If the action of these rules infringe on the property or liberty of a fellow - subject, the execution of them is very properly for bidden by the civil power. But till then no such in terference is allowable. Has Parliament ever attempted It is really laughable to hear the trash advanced in support of this lay-jury idea. An officer in the army is not tried by a jury of privates, but by his brother officers 5 and legal gentle men too, are not struck off the roll by civilians, who, with an anxious and friendly zeal, would raise the Profession to a higher scale of excellence, if they could get the ghost of a chance. With all this before his eyes, Mr. Lowe would have clerical men tried in rebus Saeris by a jury of those over whom they are officially set. i to legislate for the Masonic and other brotherhoods 1 Of course not. Were not Christian Priests bound, even , in defiance of the laws of the land, to obey the. decrees i of their Synods during the persecution of Diocletian ? . And afterwards, under some of the Arian emperors who followed Constantine, were not the laws of the Catholic Synods binding on all Catholic Priests and congregations ? Were they not quite justified in their resistance to the laws of the land, when it trenched upon their liberties and the rights of their religion ? Lastly — those who have sworn to obey the Bishop in all things licitis et honestis have no cause to com plain. They took the oath voluntarily, and if they want the pi ivileges given along with, and in considera tion of it, they must abide by their word and choice. They cannot be in the Church as to privileges, and out of it as to duties. If they do not like their position they can leave the Church, and break their oath of obedience ; or throw up their license and fee silent. Why put a yoke on their own shoulders and then grumble aboutthe weight 1 But though twoor threemay be short-sighted enough to display a schoolboy impa tience of discipline, the majority of clerical men, everywhere, know it is the foundation of their respecta bility and efficiency. Nothing weakens the cause of religion so much as an appearance of division and feeble authority in its officers. Let them remember the axiom of law and of reason : " The Church ought to be more favored than the parson." Yet even these few are to remember that the Bishops also are under Canonical Law. From them there is an appeal to the Primate ; from the Primate to the Convocation. For, though this privilege is now withheld from ns by the jealousy of the temporal power, the Archbishop of Canterbury would bow his venerated head to the de cision of that body. Having shewn the obligation of the Canon Law, with the restrictions specified, on all members of the Anglican Communion, I will hereafter proceed to consider more particularly what that Canon Law is ; and then, in conclusion, how it agrees with the scheme laid down by Mr. Lowe. His ideas on this subject are the natural offspring of the doctrine that the clergy are not God's heritage, and have no high commission for their office. Hence the assump tion of lay intrusion, and this abominable Bill. The Church of England is not sufficiently tenacious of her rights and discipline, and thus must bear with an he retical doctrine. Quae tarn en est utero progenerata sue. I remain, Sir, Your humble servant, September 30th, 1846. ERASMUS. 