: ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Britannia. , ' Sir— I observo in Hid, Hobart Town Gazotto tbcro arc two G.ovcrnmoiit Noiicb's of Iho greatest importance',' in tended to bo submitted to our sago Legislative Council, thb ono entitled an' Act to provide for lighting,, payj.ng and'clcansing.tliq city of Hobart. Town, for tlio appoint ment and eluqtioii of Coininissioners'fqr carrying tho' jBo- veral objects aforesaid into effect, and for other-purposes eonhocte'd tiiorowith." " i :.it:; .> : May I bo permittod to inquiro if . this is the ghost of- the Municipal Act-wbicli wns repudiated spine timo since, by tho Public; if.itis; 1 trust and liopp it "will meot.'witlr the same fato as it. oxjicricnccd beford. I do not'dxpobt the .Colonists will stultify theinsblvcs!s6 niueh, as -to cor dially (inito, witlFtho same materials as-woro offored l'or thoir accoptanco before. .If. , tho . Colonists :aro.tol|avo Municipal Institutions,, lot thorn bq hmia-ffde, such, -j. not patch work-in if. If such is attempted, V ho' assurod tho proposal 'will iriebt'viith tho boiitompt.it dbserves " . Tlio other Notic'b' is' that of <Mr.(Dnnh, 'jun,, nanioly, " -That His Excolloncy'bo irequestod to appoint a Com mittee tp take evidonce)(I.'8upposo legal)l:and tolrep.ort tojlio ,Go«ici7.,as to.tho applicability .of tlio .Staluto of James I. e., x. 14." .','.' '-, ' ' ' ' ' "'AsHho' applicability of !'this Statute lms' bedn alrbady a'dbedbU to by- iny- Lord Stuiilby.l'tho' Soerotary of; State, l am not a,liUlo sarpris'cd:at Mr. Dunn' wishing to pro- yoko., discussion on this sutyqet again.; .Isii.t.to benoflt the.Pifbiic it is brouglft .forwarVl, or is it tq satisfy- ionic of tho legal profession 'who aro'iiitbrcsted upon tho '.sftt- ject ? ": I'!;" i <1 -U.lli.i It will bo absolutely requisite to call another Public 'Meeting, if tho Council should carry theso ol noxious measures into force. Tho Colonists must axain petition 'the Home Authorities for tho People's prcrountho, their just rights. I was persuaded to hope no. measures ol" mny importance would lie agitated,. until our Petition was jan8Wcrcd concerning Legislation by Representation ; but it appears tlie temple of Janus is shut,; but tlio idol still remains. . Wo must bo active and persevering, for our property .may be endangered by the decision of a Council who are considered inimical to tlio views' of tlio Colonists. The timo has now arrived when the Colonists mqstdio up and stiiring, not biassed hy any party views, but tlio general welfare of tho Colony must hu consulted ; wo must hold our lands by the samo tenure as they do in Now South Wales. We now sue no' such thing as an .opposition man in our Council, nor in any olfiee ; in fact, every other man you meet is hound to tho powers that he hy, some placo of convenience, comfort or profit. Hence the general feeling in almost every family, that hu who arraigns the Government, for whatever measiircs, is seeking to take some emolument, or gratification, for that family. Hence a political aad personal cnomy'are bceopio'synonimous. However, tho people have grown too cunning to lie deceived. Temporary expedients, tlio resort of pusillanimity and weakness, will no longer avail ; we know our rights, and will asseri them. The Government stands upon a movo, and that movement is public opinion. ":Tlio good of tlie people, and thoAvisftcs of their. ruier3, aro beginning to diverge from each "other, and if circumstances continue, must widen thc-separa- tion ; hut let us hope that it is still possible to, obtain a reparation for the most gross and fatal misconduct that over brought disgrace and danger tb a Colony. - Tlie Tasmaninn citizens, I uudcrstnnd, are. not to liavo tho fair prospect of Civic . honors conferred uppn thorn. In lieu of a Corporation, Commissioners are Io'iic ap pointed, so say the Powers that bo ; now, Air. Editor, aro we members of a Free Government ; if we tire not, can we have that strong, sense of our own interest in tho preservation and prosperity of a province; . Wli'un wo aro denied llio privilege of Free Institutions? ... Will the present unofficial Members of. Council, re sign their seats for tho public good, upon the s'amu prin ciples as ,t|io Patriotic Six. did, duclaring tliat tlioy bptilri not hold olfico ; asserting, w UU the spirit oi',." liritio'ns,'! tlmt . they . found, themselves incapable' of cxefeisiiig it power incompatible 'xvith public freedom. " ' ' The principles of a Free Constitution nrii irrecovera bly lost when the Legislative power ii'iibniinaledbyl iliq . Executive', ' ' " ' SeRUT>jbii', Launccsion, July 18;.184G ' '".'fff ff''! 