INFIDEL MOVEMENT IN GERMANY. SYNOD OF SCHNEIDEMUHL. BERLIN, JULY 27.-We have the new« of thé result of the synod of the congregations profess- ing the apostolical faith, which has been held at Schneidemuhl ; and it is roost afflicting. So un. blushing was the denial of the earing influence of the Gospel manifested at this meeting, that Dr Jettmar and his lay coadjutor withdrew in dis- gust before its sittings terminated. They represented the apostolical flock in this city, and, in spite of all the persuasions and ex- hortations which Christian love and faithfulness could urge, were unable to prevent the meeting from repudiating the confession of the Holy Ghost. ? Not only did the members protest against the adoption of the three ecumenical creeds; but treated even the Apostles* Creed with slight. The Godhead of the Saviour having become the subject of discussion, the Rev. Mr Port, of Poseo, who acted as President, asked whether any one present really believed that Jesus Christ was very God? And upon one of the Berlin deputies replying that he believed it, and was as folly convinced of it as of his own existence, the Pre- sident treated tba asservation with contempt and scorn. Again, when the Berlin deputies earnestly besought the Assembly not to reject the Apostles* Creed, end to abstain from abbreviating 4t, the same individual observed that it contains^'arrant nonsense." One of the deputies called upon Czerski to use his influence to discountenance so unscriptural and unbefitting a remark, end to support the opposition raised by them in behalf of the Apostolical symbol. He answered, that he saw nothing objectionable in the remark, and, for himself, was averse to all confessions (sym bólicism), and should vote for the doing away cf all creeds, and the adoption of the Bible as the only standard. Dr. Thirnen was also present, and proposed a> confession for the congregations of the Grand Duchy of Posen, which is of so very equivocal a character ss to snit almost every shade of belief, and the meeting adopted it. Czerski, we are told,has been invited to attend the meeting of the Evangelical Alliance in Lon. don ; bat how can be show his face in so Christian an assembly, after consenting to the unchristian proceedings transacted at Schneidemubl P 