THE BELLS OF EZENTOCHAU. In the centre of the insignificant houses which con stitute the town, rises the splendid cathedral of " Our Lady of Ezentochau," surronnded with convent build ings, from the windows of which the monks look lazily jorin on me ousy world, with all its joys and sorrows, which they have forsaken. From the numerous turrets of this extensive monastery, at eventide, the bells ring out their cheerful peals, summoning the weary labourer from his toil, promising rest to the fool sore way-farer, as from afar his ear catches the distant sound which proclaims the neighbourhood of human dwellings, and calling the devout to return thanks for the blessings vouchsafed to them during the past day. Why did 110 their deep bass give relief and add to the harmony of those clear treble peals ? There they hung, still and voiceless in their airy abode, and the inhabitants of the town often gazed on them with feelings somewhat akin to awe ; for it was said the spirits of datkness prevailed in that lofty tower, althongh the pious could not un derstand how aught that was evil could have power in so holy a place. Certain it was that the bell ringers had, from time immemorial, been so unlucky as either to die some violent death, or become crazy ; and the end of the last man who had held that office had been so horrible, that for neatly fifty years no person bad been found courageous enough to undertake it, even though a very large salary — considering the slight duty required— was attached to it. TI.e apartments in the bebry were falling to ruin, and spiders, undisturbed, spun their filmy webs in the hollows of the bells, and chained up those enormous iron tongues. . . # « The evening chimes had rung out, and the last vibra tion of their sound had died away on the still evening air, the golden rays = of the setting sun were fast fading from the purple edges of the clouds, when a pallid, thin, ill-clad, yet distinguished-looking man swung on his back the heavy load of wood which he had been culling in the forest, and tottered towards his dwelling. His worn and tattered garments were composed partly of regimentals and partly of such habiliments as were common to the peasantry of the neighbourhood ; and military crosses and medallions which adorned his breast contrasted strangely with the ragged jacket on which they hung, as did a once foraging cap with the heavy wooden shoes and coarse woolen stockings. That pallid, deeply-furrowed face might once have been handsome ; but care and1 hard labour had swept away every trace of yourb. At the extremity of the town stood a few miserable eheds, scarcely worthy to be called burs. The door of one was open, and the passer by, who locked in, might have seen that it was quite devoid of all furniture j a heap of dry leaves was littered over the rough mud floor in one corner, and a log of wood lay against the wall on the opposite side. On the threshold sat a boy of some two or three years old, naked as he was born, bis fair cutis falling on shoulders embrowned by sun and diit, his liny features pinched by hunger, and be traying, even amid their infantine grace, the fell traces of iron-handed poverty.. He stretched out his little arms towards the man we have been describing, and lisped " Father." A tall, meanly-clad woman, bearing traces of great beauty, aud distinct marks of suffering0, advanced, and having assisted in taking the load.o' wood into the hut, wiped the sweat from her tired hus band's brow, and fondly imprinting a kiss there, has tened to a baker's to exchange some of the wood' for a small loaf of coarse black bread. Night came on : the child lay sleeping on the dry leaves : the parent sat in darkness on the log of wood all around was still ; ar.d the wifp, as she pressed closer to her husband, whispered her fears that she was again about to become a mother. The man embraced her in silent sadness , even now they were almost starting how were the coming wants to be supplied ? The towi'i swarmed wiih poor, and the few rich could not give to all. He leaned his weary, aching hfead on his wife's shoulders, and strove to whisper comfort and hope ; but the words died on his lips. Hark ! the turret bells are ringing, to call the monks to prayers — and the great bells of Ezantochau are mute. The unhappy man marked this, and a sudden and joyous thought shot through his brain. Early on the following morning he quitted his housp with a firm step, after having embraced both wife and child. His last words were, " This misery will soon have an end 1 , Yes, yes ; our food shall no longer be black bread — our drii.k water — our only couch the bare ground. We have known riches and honour in our na tive land, we have known misery and starvation here ; but I swear by my father's bones, by the wrongs 0' bleeding Poland, we will suffer no longer !' The wife understood him not, and her busy mind sought an explanation of his words in a thousand dis tracting fears. Lost in a maze of painful thoughts, she sat on the threshold, heedless of the pangs of hunger- heedless even of the importunities of her child, and strove to imagine what her husband could have meant Surely he bad not leagued himself with robbers ? or. more fearful thought still, he did not meditate self- destruction ? Suddenly she saw him teturning — return ing at this unwonted hour ; and he came not from th< forest, but from the town. " It is all right," he cried joyfully ; " we shall pos sess a dwelling— means to procure meat, drink, firing, and raiment. We shall now be above all our neighbours ; and you, my good wife, may look down ou the formci scenes of our suffering." The woman gazed doubtfully on him, and all hei former fears were forgotten in the. dread that he was going mad. " You do not believe me," he continued ; " but so it is. Let us take, my axe and some wood will, us, (and proceed |to our new domicile. Look here ; this money is advanced to me on account of our future salary. Come, come, let us go up ; this evening tin good town's folks shall once hear the solemn sound of their cathedral hells." But his wife was still unable to comprehend him ; his unconnected words appeared to her the ravings of in sanity, and bursting into tears she snatched her child to her bosom. " I can guess what it is prevents you from partaking my joy, dear wife," said the Pole, after a pause; but- fear not, we have done nothing wrong, and therefore need not fear the powers of evil. Let us commend out child to our. lady's protection ; and for ourselves, i< the spirits which are said to haunt the belfry are mate rial, they shall feel the weight of my axe; if beings 01 another world, they have no power to harm the inno cent. So come— courage ; take up the child, and let us make what purchases are necessary, and ascend to our lofty abode." With loitering steps and inward uneasiness did the woman follow her husband, who strode cheerfully on wards. It was already known that a man had been found daring enough to undertake the office of bell, ringer in the cathedral of Ezentochau, and numbers of people were assembled in the streets to catch a glimpse of him and bis family. Some pitied them, some blamed; others shook their heads, and muttered the fearful tales handed down to thein concerning that beautiful gothic turret which, lighted up by the blaze of a mid-day sun, stood proudly aloft as if scorning its calumniators. At length the little family reached the monastery , and the husband was admitted, presented to the prior, told in what his duties were to consist, and given the ponderous rusty key of the belfry turret. With this he returned to his wife and child, unlocked the small, iron-bound door, entered, and together tLey ascended the steep winding staircase, pausing occa sionally to rest, and at length reached their lofty - abode. It was not without a shudder that the woman crossed the threshold, and her husband drew a breath so deep that something more than the exertion of ascending the stairs must have caused it. The rocm itto which they enteied was dark, as if it were twilight, for the smull windows, composed of little panes of glass set in lead, were thick with dust and spiders' webs ; the walls were grey with neglect, age, and accumulated dirt ; and the furniture was scattered about the place, as if the last resident there had left his dwelling in haste. In one corner stood a wide bed, well furnished With mattress, pillows, and bedding ; and on the wall at the side of it were spots of blood, deep and dark-coloured, and ac cording to account; so ingrained, that neither white wash nor colouring could hide them. The poor woman shuddered, and embraced her child more closely, but at her husband's bidding began. to put things in order; the man went into the belfry to arrange and mend the ropes, and when he came back the room had already assumed some appearance of comfort, and the little family sat down to a plentiful meal. " Ab, dear wife, .'bis is better than our hut and morsel of black bread ; see how our boy enjoys it. Here you will be able to bring our child into the world in com fort, and I can attend on you all day, and we shall have money to procure you every necessary. And there is a good bed for us to lie on instead of dry leaves and dirty straw." The woman glanced towards the bed, and across it to the blood-stained wall, and an involuntary shudder passed over her'; her husband remarked it, and .con tinued : "There, there, forget such fancies ; we harm no one, and why should we fear harm? See this oaken door, with its colossal look ; if you peep through the wide key-hole, you can look right down on the altar and on the image of the Blessed Virgin ; surely the vicinity of those holy things is sufficient to secure us." The clock now gave token that it was time to ring for vespers, and both man and wife ascended the ladder into the belfry. The small bells in the various turrets were all silently waiting until their leader should give tongue; presently its sonorous voice broke the stillness, and vibrated solemnly in the evening air, then chimed in each little peal, as if with joyful melody they were welcoming back that long lost sound; the peasant's at work in the fields, the herdsmen, the woodmen, the ci tizens, started as those unwouled tones fell on their ears, and crossing tliemselres murmured an ave for the unfortunate wretches who had dared to ascend that fearful turret. « On the following morning, as the woman opened her eyes, she saw her husband standing smiling by the bed side, and her child playing on the floor; the little win dows were opened, aud admitted the fresh morning breeze; the birds flew in and out, or sat twittering 011 the window-sills, while through the oaken door came the faint, far-; ff murmur of the voices of the monks at their morning prayers, and the clatter of their wooden shoes as they paced the cathedral aisles." " Well, the first night is over, and we have seen no ghosts," said the man jestingly. " That was something like sleep ; 1 verily believe not one of us three moved during the whole night. The ghosts had it all to them selves, and were tolerably quiet, I suppose, in order that we might enjoy our bed. 'Tis rather belter than the bare ground me thinks. The woman got up quickly, chided her husband for his mocking words, and having repeated her short prayers, accompanied her husband to the belfry. As the great bells swang slowly to and fro, and gave forth their deep echoing tones, people, came out on their house- tops, or gathered in the streets, or gazed from their windows on the bell ringer and his wife as they 6tood pulling the ropes alternately, and many were the prayers breathed for them. After the morning service was concluded, an old monk ascended the turret, and he greeted the Pole right cordiaily on the part of the brotherhood. From under his frock he produced a large bottle, which he set on the table, saying, with a smile, " 1 Have the charge of the wine- cellar, and have brought you a pitcher of good old stuff to 8trengllun your bodies'and enliven yout souls. You have proved yourselves to be brave hearts, but the best of us cannot sometimes prevent a kind 01 fear creeping over us as the shades of evening draw on Wine, wine ! there is nothing like it in such cases. It lulls cares, drives away, warms the blood, and gives energy to the soul. Be virtuous, worship God, hold fast to the church, love your family, and now and then take a cup of wine; and no spirit of evil, or even the arch fiend himself, will have power to harm you." Having thus spoken, the jolly old monk bade them adieu, promising when that flask was emptied to give them another equally as good. The flask was put care fully by, to be drunk in cases .of illness ; for neither the Pole nor his wife were used to strong drink. . The day passed on, night had closed in, the child was al ready sleeping, and all around was still and silent as the grave. The man and his wife sat by lamp- light talking over the past and the future. Suddenly both started and listened, and the words " Did you hear that fell from each at oiicp. " it was outside that oaken door," murmured the woman. " Methought people were whispering together there," said the man. Neither dared to rise up and look through the key -hole, and all was now still. " You see," continued the woman, " spirits are here : only last night we slept too soundly to hear their pranks. " Aye, and so will we again to-night," replied her husband. '<1\. warrant me a glass of that wine will ensure us a good night's rest ; and the monk said that when that flask was empty we should have another;" " What would you do, husbaud ? That wine you yourself set aside for cases of need. No, no; let us not seek its aid to send us to sleep, but rather stay awake and pray." Again there was a slight noise behind the oaken door, as if some listener had stolen away. The bell-ringer and his wife prayed fervently, put their lamp out, laid down, and were soon sound asleep ; and the next morning broke on their waking eyes as bright and cheer ful as the first had donp. f # A week had now elapsed, and with the exception of 1 he noise behind that mysterious door, which resembled faint » hispers, and was heard every evening, nothing had occured to disturb or alarm them. They felt grate ful for their comforts, and rejoiced to think that they had coequered those fears which at first almost tempted them rather 10 remain in pouerty than brave the legen dary terrors of the haunted tower. Again the jollv old monk visited them, and produced a large flask of "wine. " I have brought a full one, and im come for the empty one. Did you fiud the wine jood ?" " We have not yet tasted of it," replied the woman ; " it was set aside for the period of my confinement, or for any other cases of need." "'Oh, oh!" laughed the monk. " Between this and then you will receive many a good flask from your numble sen ant. Take my advice, and drink a good cup-full of this to-night, for this will be " All-Saint's- eve,' and therefore it becomes mortals to share in the joy of the holy one's ; and besides, on this eveuing the evil one has great power, and therefore 'tis as well to fortify the body as the soul. Adieu ; on my next visit shall expect to find both these flasks empty." He ave them his blessing and withdrew, while the man and his wife looked at each other in expressive silence, and listened to the clatter of his wooden shoes and the jing ling of his heavy keys, as he slowly plodded down the winding staircasp. " So, then, to-night belongs to the evil one," said the Pole, as they came down after ringing the evening chimes. " Well, we are not the less in G.ods hands." Hi9 wife did not reply, but her cheek was pale : and her glance stole fearfully around. The child was sleep ing the sound, happy sleep of infancy ; all around was still, and even the creaking of the weather- cock Irad ceased, as still and heavy lay the sultry air. Midnight was fast approaching, and the man and his wife sat in listening silence, often noddiBg with fatigue and sleep. " Let us go to bed," said the man ; " we shall see no ghosts to-night. But, before, we go, we will obey our friend the monk, and taste his wine." The woman fetched it, and by turns they put the mouth of the flask to their lips, and took a hearty draught. Nearly half the wine had glided down their throats when that mysterious whisper was heard, and a cold blast seemed to blow through the room ; shud dering as if in an ague fit, they hastily finished the bot tle, put out their lamp, and lay down on the bed. Terror sat like a night-mare on their breasts ; they were unable to move, and lay there in a dreamy uneasy trance, yet not sleeping. The clcck began to give forth the midnight hour, and each st<oke appeared to shake the buildings as with an earthquake ; the great oaken door burst open with a tremendous crash, a thick smcke filled the room, and the piercing cries of their child reached their ears, although it failed to rouse the almost insensible parents. On the following morning 110 trace of the adventures of the past night .were visible ; the child seemed well and lively, and the man ascribed the whole to fancies engendered by the wine they had drunk, aud observed that in future they must practise moderattop. Many days- and nights passed away, and they were undisturbed. The old monk visited them again, and brought with him this time three flasks ; " 1 am old and fat," he said, " and your stairs are somewhat of the steepest ; therefore I have brought enough to last you longer, and when these are empty you can bring them down to me, and I will refill them. Driuk, friends, and be merry,. and much good may this rare old -wine do you, for you need strength up here." He then-inquired after the ghost; and, having heard their tale, laughed and said, " Empty another flask to night, and I warrant me you see another ghost. Spirits dwell and revel in old wine. Try again, try again, and you'll find the mystery out." "Yes, I suppose it was only the visions engendered by diunkenness," said the man ; and throughout the day, he tried jto joke | away his wife's fears ; and told her that they must accustom themselves to take wine, now that they were so well supplied. That night a second flask was emptied, and again came the stupor, the terrors, and the cries of the child ; and again the morning dawn chased all the horrors of darkness away with its bright beams; The mother took up her child, to wash and dress him; and, with an exclamation of grief, held up the little naked urchin, and pointed to numerous livid spots on his body, whicn seemed very sore, for he cried out whenever they were touched. " They are only bruises," said the father ; " the chil d is always falling about and hitting himself " But this - was merely said to calm his wife's fears; and it was with a heavy heart that he went about his occupations, inwardly resolved to touch no more wine, and to awake and watch for the ghos». Night came: the child slept ; and" the anxious pa rents sat watching at the bed. The midnight hour struck— -but no ghost gave token of his presence ; un less the low whisper without the oaken door might be taken as one. Daylight came, and still they sat watch ing! -the morning's sun shone in through the windows, and the fresh breezes of heaven, the ferveucy of their simple prayers, and the voice and smile of their awakening chi d,, revived the sinking parents, and caused them to regard those fearful nights as resulting from the effects of excess. It was in vain, however, that they sought their bed ; for many ensuing nights anxiety and terror kept them wakine. Their eyes were beginning to become dim from loss of sleep, their limbs weary, and more than once their thoughts recurred to their hut and those days when, if they laboured hard and fared ill, their nights were haunted by no evil dreams, their days free from fearful recollections and painful dread. They weie sitting thus moodily, sadly, and wearily one night, when the man said — " Suppose you were to lie down and sleep awhile, dear wife; and I will watch over you and our child. As soon as morning begins to break I will call you; and while you prepare breakfast I will try and get a .little rest. The gh.st seems to have left off tormenting us for a while.' At fust the woman refused ; but at length, over come with fatigue, she laid herself down by her child, and in a few moments was sound asleep: The man sat waiting for midnight, and with difficulty holding up his weairy head. Suddenly it struck him that a moderate use of wine might prove beneficial as excess was per nicious ; and this idea, having once come into his head, ceased not to recur again, untii no longer able to resist the long:ng;he felt, he crept on tip-toe to the cup-board, took out one of the flasks, held it up between himself and the light, delighted bts eyes with the clear brilliant hue of the sparkling fluid, and watched the little bub bles which at every movement of his hand arose from the bottom of the bottle, and floated upwards like pearls. . " 1 will only just take a drop to revive myself, he muttered. " I wonder whether my wife is asleep." And he ciept to the bedside. Both wife and child were sleeping so calmly, and the rosy lips of the little one murmured, "Father," a9 he bent over the bed. Again his better angel hovered over him, and the man stepped towards the cupboard to replace the bottle un touched. Once mere he looked at it— gloated with his eyes on the forming fluid. "Just one drop; it surely cannot be a sin to taste good wine, or why did' the mOuk — that holy man— bring it here?" Ttie cork was seized between his tec th, the bottle held firmly to his hands, and in a moment the perfume of the luscious wine was ascending to his nostrils ; in another, one-half of the contents of the bottle had glided, like nectar down his throat. A loud " Ah !" proclaimed his enjoyment of tho draught ; his eyes glit tered, and he sat down again, with the feeling that now he dared brave hell itself. " I will just take one drop every time the clock strikes," was the internal resolves : and the consequence of it was that before midnight the flask stood before him empty ; and it was with difficulty, and only by clinging to the table, that he was enabled to keep his seat. The lamp burned dimmer and yet more dim, everything appeared cloudy and indistinct, (he room and all in it, turned round and tound. With difficulty he got up, and staggered towards the window with the intention of opening it ; but long before he reached it he: sank senseless on the floor. The cold grey morning light was just stealing in, when the shrieks of his wife awakened the sleeping drunkard. Hastily he raisod himself from the ground, opened his dim and drowsy eyes, and with a start of horror, (beheld .the corpse of his child stretched on the floor by his side, its bright hair dabbled in the blood which oozed from a fracture in its little head ; the mother knelt over it, while heart-rending shrieks broke from her lips, and her extended arms pointed wildly to the fresh stains on that fatal wall, down which now trickled the iifeblood of her "darling boy. The monks came in a solemn procession, with incense, holy water, and relics, to exorcise the evil spirit; and the heart broken parents stole away down the winding steps, bearing with them the corpse of their murde'red child, and returned to their hut, and to that misery which was bliss compared with the anxiety aud anguish of the last few weeks. Since then no one has ventured to accept the office of bell-riuger ; and, while all the snrrounding chimes peal daily out, the gerat bells of Ezentochau cathedral stand in mute and solemn majesty, and seem silently to grieve over the evil influenceSwhich invested their neighbourhood. Inquisitive travellers are still shown the turiet chambers with their blood stained wall, and told the legend .of the bells of Ezeutochan ; but no clue to the mystery has yet been discovered. 