theatricals The performance, for the first time before a Sydney audience, of Miss Mitford's tragedy of Rienzi, attracted a crowded house on Monday last, and when we see how efi'ectively the united strength of the company can represent a play of the highest order, we are the more grieved that any such deviations trom his usual acknowledged tact as we have lately had occasion to ad vert to, should have been allowed by Mr. Gibson. We have not seen a performance for some time which has afforded us more gratification ; and we were glad to recognise the evident interest with which the audience marked the graphic delinea tion by the gifted poetess of the most striking points in the rise and fall of the plebian Tribune. Miss Mitford's subject is of the highest interest, the materials rich, and we'cannot wonder at the flattering success which has always attended the representa tion of her tragedy. Let us take from the simple, but graceful, narrative of the historian a few passages illustrative of that famous Revolution which, amidst the indulgence of enthusiasm and eloquence, astonished Italy and Europe, and for a moment realized the most splendid visions of Petrarch, whose indignation and pity at the poverty and debasement of Rome had been so powerfully expressed in those magnificent tributes to a country by whose liberal spirit he had been so recently crowned and adopted. I n a quarter of the city which was inhabited only by mecha nics and Jews, the marrige of an innkeeper and a washerwoman produced the future deliverer of Rome. From such parents Nicholas Rienzi Gabrini could inherit neither dignity nor for tune ; and the gift of a liberal education, which they painfully bestowed, was the cause of his glory and untimely end. The study of history and eloquence, the writings of Cicero, Seneca, Livy, Caesar, and Valerius Maximus, elevated above his equals and cotemporaries the genius of the young plebian : he perused with indefatigable diligence the manuscripts and marbles of antiquity ; loved to dispense his knowledge in familiar lan guage ; and was often provoked to exclaim, ' Where are now these Romans ? their virtue, their justice, their power ? why was I not born in those happy times ?' When the republic ad dressed to the throne of Avignon an embassy of the three orders, the spirit and "eloquence of Rienzi recommended him to a place among the thirteen deputies of the commons. The orator had the honor of haranguing Pope Clement the sixth, and the satis faction of conversing with Petrarch, a congenial mind ; but his aspiring hopes were chilled by disgrace and poverty : and the patriot was reduced to a single garment and the charity of the hospital. From this misery lje was relieved by the sense of merit or the smile of favor ; and the employment of apos tolic notary afforded him a daily stipend of five gold florins, a more honorable and extensive connexion, and the right of contrasting, both in words and actions, his own inte grity with the vices of the state. The eloquence of Rienzi was prompt and persuasive : the multitude is always prone to envy and censure : he was stimulated by the loss of a brother and the impunity of the assassins ; nor was it possible to excuse or exaggerate the public calamities. The blessings of peace and justice, for which civil society has been instituted, were banished from Rome: the jealous citizens who might have endured every personal or pecuniary injury, were most deeply wounded in the dishonor of their wives and daughters : they were equally op pressed by the arrogance of the nobles and the corruption of the magistrates ; and the abuse of arms or of laws was the only cir cumstance that distinguished the lions, from the dogs and ser pents, of the Capitol. These allegorical emblems were variously repeated in the pictures which Rienzi exhibited in the streets and churches ; and while the spectators gazed with curious wonder, the bold and ready orator unfolded the meaning, ap plied the satire, inflamed their passions, and announced a dis tant hope of comfort and deliverance. The privileges of Rome, her eternal sovereignty over her princes and provinces, was the theme of his public and private discourse j and a monument of servitude became in bis hand a title and incentive of liberty. T«.e decree of the senate, which granted the most ample prero gatives to the Emperor Vespasian, had been inscribed on a copper-plate still extant in the choir of the church of St. John Lateran. A numerous assembly of nobles and plebians were in vited to this political lecture, and a convenient theatre was erected for their reception. The notary appeared in a magni- ficenCaud mysterious habit, explained the inscription by a ver sion and commentary, and descanted with eloquence and zeal on the ancient glories of the senate and the people, from whom all legal authority was derived. The supine ignorance of the nobles was incapable of discerning the serious tendency of such representations : they might sometimes chastise with words and blows the plebian reformer ; but he was often suffered in the Colonna palace to amuse the company with his threats and predictions ; and the modern Brutus was concealed under the mask of folly and the character of a buffoon. While they in dulged their contempt, the restoration of the good estate, his favorite expression, was entertained among the people as a desi rable, a possible, and at length as an approaching event : and while all had the disposition to applaud, some had the courage to assist, their promised deliverer. A prophecy, or rather a summons, affixed on the church door of M. George, was the public evidence of his designs ; a noctur nal assembly of a hundred citizens on Mount Aventine, the first step to their execution. After an oath of secrecy and aid, he represented to the conspirators the importance and facility of their enterprise; that the nobles, without union or resources, were strong only in the fear of their imaginary strength ; that all power, as well as right, was in the hands of the people ; that the revenues of the apostolical chamber might relieve the pub lic distress ; and that the pope himself would approve their victory over the common enemies of government and freedom. Alter securing a faithful band to protect his first declaration, he proclaimed through the city, by sound of trumpet, that on the evening of the following day all persons should assemble with out arms before the church of St. Angelo, to provide for the re- establishment of the good estate. The whole night was em ployed in the celebration of thirty masses of the Holy Ghost ; and in the morning, Rienzi, bareheaded, but in complete armour, issued from the church, encompassed by the hundred conspirators. The pope's vicar, the simple bishop of Orvieto, who had been persuaded to sustain a part in this singular cere mony, marched on his right hand ; and three great standards were borne4aloft as the emblems of their design. In the first the banner of liberty, Rome was seated on two lions, with a palm in one hand and a globe in the other: Paul, with a drawn sword, was delineated in the banner of justice ; and in the third, St. Peter held the keys of concord and peace. Rienzi was en couraged by the presence and applause of an innumerable crowd, who understood little, and hoped much : and the proces sion slowly rolled forward from the castle of St. Angelo to the Capitol. Ilis triumph was disturbed by some secret emotions which he labored to suppress: he ascended without opposition, and with seeming confidence, the citadel of the republic : harangued the people from the balcony ; and received the most flattering confirmation of his acts and laws. The nobles, as if destitute of arms and counsels, beheld in silent consternation this strange revolution : and the moment had been prudently chosen, when the most formidable, Stephen Colonna, was absent from the city. On the first rumour, he returned to his palace, affected to despise this plebian tumult, and declared to the messenger of Rienzi, that at his leisure he would cast the mad man from the windows of the Capitol. The great bell instantly rang an alarm, and so rapid was the tide, so urgent was the danger, that Colonna escaped with precipitation to the suburb of St. Laurence : from thence, after a moment's refreshment, he continued the same speedy career till he reached in safety his castle of Palestrina : lamenting his own imprudence, which had not trampled the spark of this mighty conflagratiou. A general and peremptory order was issued from the Capitol to all the nobles, that they should peaceably retire to their estates : they obeyed ; and their departure secured the tranquility of the free and obedient citizens of Rome. But such voluntary obedience evaporates with the first transports of zeal ; and Rienzi felt the importance of justifying his usurpation by a regular form and legal title. At bis own choice, the Roman people would have displayed their attach ment and authority, by lavishing on his head the names of senator or consul, of king or emperor : he preferred the ancient and modest appellation of tribune ; the protection of the com mons was the essence of that sacred office ; and they were igno rant, that it had never been invested with any share in the le gislative or executive powers of the republic. It is not our intention to accompany the historian through his dissertation on the early conduct of Rienzi in the character of Tribune. It is sufficient to say that beyond the Alps, more especiallly at Avignon, the revolution was the theme of curiosity, wonder, and applause. Petrarch had been the private friend, perhaps the secset counsellor, of Rienzi: his writings breathe the most ardent spirit of patriotism and joy ; and all respect for the Pope, all gratitude for Colonna, was lost in the superior duties of a Roman citizen. The poet-laureat of the Capitol maintains the act, applauds the hero, and mingles with some apprehension and advice the most lofty hopes of the permanent and rising great ness of the republic. But while Petrarch indulged these prophetic visions, the Roman hero was fast declining from the meridian of fame and power ; and the people, who had gazed with astonishment on the ascending meteor, began to mark the irregularity of its course, and the vicissitudes of light and obscurity. More elo quent than judicious, more enterprising than resolute, the faculties of Rienzi were not balanced by cool and commanding reason : he magnified in a tenfold proportion the objects of hope and fear ; and prudence, which could not have erected, did not presume to fortify, his throne. In the blaze of prospe rity, his virtues were insensibly tinctured with the adjacent vices; justice with cruelty, liberality with profusion, and the desire of fame with puerile and ostentatious vanity. He might have learned, that the ancient Tribunes, so strong and sacred in the public opinion, were not distinguished, in style, habit, or ap pearance, from an ordinary plebian ; and as often as they visited the city on foot, a single viator, or beadle, attended the the exercise of their office. The Gracchi would have frowned or smiled, could they have read the sonorous titles and epithets of their successor, " Nicholas severe and merciful ; deli verer of Rome; deliverer of Italy ; friend of mankind, and of liberty, peace, and justice ; tribune august :" his theatrical pageants had prepared the revolution ; but Rienzi abused, in luxury and pride, the political maxim of speaking to the eyes, as well as the understanding, of the multitude. From nature he had received the gift of a handsome person, till it was swelled and disfigured by intemperance : and his propen sity to laughter was corrected in the magistrate by the affecta tion of gravity and sternness. He was clothed, at least on pub lic occasions, in a party-coloured robe of velvet or satin, lined with fur, and embroidered with gold : the rod of justice, which he carried in his hand, was a sceptre of polished steel, crowned with a globe and cross of gold, and inclosing a small fragment of the true and holy wood. In his civil and religious processions through the city, he rode on a white steed, the symbol of royalty : the great banner of the republic, the sun with a circle of stars, a dove with an olive branch, was displayed over his head ; a shower of gold and silver was scattered among the populace; fifty guards with halberts encompassed his person: a troop of horse preceded his march: and their tymbals and trumpets were of massy silver. » The pomp of his knighthood, the magnificence of his corona tion, the fear and hatred of the nobles of Rome, the opposition of the most powerful of the Ursini and the Colonna, the fall and flight of the Tribune, the subsequent revolutions of Rome, the re turn of Rienzi after an exile of seven years, his imprisonment at Avignon, his appointment to the title of Senator, his second ad ministration of four months, and his massacre in a tumult which had been fermented by the Roman barons, are points on which we might dwell at length, did not our limits forbid so lengthy an extension of the subject. The concluding passage of his career is all that we can afford space for. In the death as in the life of Rienzi, the hero and the cow ard were strangely mingled. When the Capitol was invested by a furious multitude, when he was basely deserted by his civil and military servants, the intrepid senator, waving the banner of liberty, presented himself on the balcony, addressed his eloquence to the various passions of the Romans, and labored to persuade them, that in the same cause, himself and the re public must either stand or fall. His oration was interrupted by a volley of imprecations and stones ; and after an arrow had transpierced bis hand, he sunk into abject despair, and fled weeping to the inner chambers, from whence he was let down by a sheet before the windows of the prison. Destitute of aid or hope, he was besieged till the evening : the doors of the Capi tol were destroyed with axes and fire ; and while the senator attempted to escape in a plebian habit, he was discovered and dragged to the platform of the palace, the fatal scene of his judgments and executions. A whole hour, without voice or motion, he stood amidst the multitude half naked and half dead : their rage was hushed into curiosity and wonder ; the last feelings of reverence and compassion yet struggled in his favor ; and they might have prevailed, if a bold assassin bad not plunged a dagger in bis breast. He fell senseless with the first stroke; the impotent revenge of his enemies inflicted a thousand wounds ; and the senator's body was abandoned to the dogs, to the Jews and to the flames. Posterity will compare the virtues and failings of this extraordinary man ; but in a long period of anarchy and servitude, the name of Rienzi has often been celebrated as the deliverer of his country, and the last of the Roman patriots. Of the manner in which Miss Mitford's beautiful version of these passages was rendered by the corps dramatique of the Vic toria, we are enabled to speak in high terms. Nesbitt as Rienzi, Griffiths as Angelo Colonna, Mrs. Stirling as Claudia, and Mrs. O'Flaherty as Lady Colonna, have added considerably to their reputation by those careful personifications. And we hope that the warm applause which accompanied the performance throughout will induce Mr. Gibson to follow out with steadiness and consistency that course from which we were grieved to see him, even for one moment, departing. Were we disposed to be captious, we might advert to certain anachronistical errors in regard to scenery and costume, which might have been very easily avoided. But we refrain. " No man," says Campbell, of the eclogues of Collins, in which Oriental costume is very indifferently preserved, " cares any thing more about the characteristic manners than about the authenticity of the Tale of Troy — and Madame DeStael keeps the poet's startling criticism in countenance when she contends that 44 si Von reprisentait sur la seine tout qui se passe dans une chambre, l'illusion thedtrale serait absolument detruite." Now we are not, at present, disposed to contend for 44 the truthfulness of the life and customs delineated," and we accordingly give Mr. Gibson all the benefit of the high authorities we have quoted in favor of his giving us scenes and dresses not exactly in common with Imperial Rome in 1346. Faustus has been repeated, but has failed to make any marked impression. The only feature in the drama deserving especial notice is the introduction of a charming quartetto, the composi tion of l'r.Gibbs, — " Go seek some Virgin Heart." Thispiece, which is in G., commences with a slow movement in common time, and the theme is treated throughout in a careful and clas sical manner. It was sung by Mesdames Sterling and Carandini, Messrs. J. Howson and Lazar, and on each evening has de servedly been greeted with cordial applause. We could wish, for the sake of Mr. Gibbs, that the orchestra entrusted to his leadership, was better able to give effect to his design ; and we will venture to hint to Mr. Gibson that an increase in its numerical strength Would not be without corresponding effects in regard to the attendance of his box visitors, with whom mu sical entertainments are in the highest favor. 