THE ANCIENT IRISH. Doing, as many folk are apt to do, Who argue in the dark, and the confusion : That is-from the hypothesis he drew A false conclusion I To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald.' GENTLEMEN-In contend for nothing beyond my primal intention, that Ireland, at the coming of its national apostle, was not wholly in the darkness of heathenism that the Irish of that period were not hordes of predatory tribes, and, therefore, should not by the scholar and historian of our day, be assimilated to the savages whom the lamented missionary Williams brought to the knowledge of redemption through Christ I have read, and carefully thought ever, Easboiy's communication, but the orthodoxy of my belief in the former fame and glory, in the ancient magnificence and honour officers remains unaltered 'The authorities for this faith, and the witnesses for its truth, are so numerous, that I am more influenced by a desire of brevity, than by any choice, in referring to Camden's His Ware's Antiquities, Aichdal s Monasttun Hibeinicum, Usher's EpistnlatumHib , (c; Giraldus Cambnensis also, who always apparently reluctant to bear favourable testimony on behalf of the Irish, speaks in terms of wonderment relative to sculpture and paintings which he had seen The four Gospels, written by Saint BE lodged, illuminated and embellished with great beauty of design and richness of colouring, forces from him-" Nee Apelles ipse similar effects possible, at many points now more tah effeminate?, as depicted viderentur " He also ackuowWgcs the transcendant musical genius of the nation, which has been by a more modern hand thus depicted When Erin first rose from the dark by, rolling flood, God bless of the green island, lies in it was good. The emerald of Europe, it sparkled It shone In the right; of this world the most precious stone ; In her sons, in her son, in her station, thrice blest, With back turned to Britain, her face to the west, Lnn stands proudly insular, on her steep shore, And strikes her high harp to the ocean s deep roar Your correspondent, assumes that the southern Irish alone were " The Scots be living in Christ," to whom the missionary Palladium was sent. Admitted ; but it does not follow as a corollary, that the ancient Volunti, who inhabited Ulidia, or the more northern Daiini, were hordes of Pindarees, the. robbers. On the contrary, Easboig knows that Nathi, the Leinster chief (who had with- stood the preaching of Pallndius and Pelagius) forced St. Patrick to take refuge in his ship, and finally to depart from his coasts; that the apostle's successful landing, was on the fair shores of Down, where he was received by the hospitable chieftain Dicho that the first fruits of his ministry were the converts of Dicho's house and that, on the site of Saiball-Phadruicc, a barn where he had first preached to the northern Christians, he erected and endowed an abbey, in which he died, after having established several hundred churches -(in A.D. 1186, De Courcy translated his remains to a nobler tomb, which contained the bodies of St. Columba and St. Bridgid). It was in the north of Ireland that the apostle founded the ecclesiastical metropolis, and also that distinguished seminary, which within a few centuries became famous throughout Europe. Will my Gaelic friend still assert that we were a barbarous perfidious people ? or that our Christianity was partial, ceremonial only, and superstitious ?" All honour to the sainted apostle who evangelized and won for my country the holy title " Island of Saints ;" but let no enlightened mind conceive that at his coming the mists of ignorance and paganism were its covering. The period in which Ollam Fodla assembled the FEZ, FEIS, or triennial Convention at Tara, in Meath, is fixed by Keating and Vallancy, about eight hundred years before Christ. And if stronger proof in refutation of your correspondent's hypothesis could be required j it is supplied by the learned O'Brian, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cloyne, who shows that before the Irish came to the knowledge of gospel morals, their language had words for all moral duties and virtues, as well as for the acts called theological virtues, faith, hope, and charity, the seven mortal sins, the four cardinal virtues, the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, the seven corporal and seven spiritual works of mercy, for all of which the reverend author gives the words in the original Irish character, the which, recollecting the sarcasm of Easboig I refrain from copying, not that I can ever account that language foolishness which, more than all others, enables the historian and antiquarian to decipher ancient Phoenician in- scriptions, and to assign correct geographical positions of places named in the early ages by that learned people, of whom the sons of the British Isles might be proud to prove themselves the descendants. I refrain, however, from again transcribing, lest it should prove a stumbling block in a land where it cannot yield the same rich source of instructive delight which through countless ages it has afforded to our ancestors ¿ and which it yet continues to bosoms exulting in the fame of former days, the achievements of heroes, the honorable eminence of bards and the wisdom of institutions, renowned over the whole civilized world on these, on all of these, hath that venerated language set the Mtnrnnrp of its own most ancient seer. Your correspondent knows, I presume must know, that it was the Irish king, " Niall of the nine hostages," who placed the colony of Dalriadians in his father land, and gave it the name of Scotia Minor, that he owed the Pictsinto subjection, and carried home hostages from them as well as from Britain and France, and yet Easboig avers that he looks on this warrior king on Niall Nigialac] as only a bold marauder." Was Philip of Macedon a marauder? Was Alaric, the Goth, no more? Or was Niall a ruder robber than Alexander the second of Scotland ? Was his power less wisely wielded than Clotaire the second of France? Without controve: ay Caractacus considered Claudius Caesar to be " a bold marau- der," yet history dignifies him with a more euphonious title. Alas, alas ! ancient or modern, let them be courageous, learned, moral, talented, pious, . all and every,' ( and unless the original stain of mere Irishry he sponged off with some rapid admixture, or polished down by the facile process of emigration unless such be effected, we cannot, it would seem, attain to either en- lightenment or good order :" to use Easboig's words, we cannot " divest ourselves of our absurdities, our superstitions, our elves and holy-wells"-(how profane to place the latter two in juxta-position) ¡ and withal he quotes from the " mighty minstrel of the north," aye, and perhaps in the silent hours when he is " the slave of the lamp, will let the immortal Ley J... 1".J l l,:" "Over Twnprt " Yes, we are superstitious ¡ Irish, British, or Soot, offspring of the CELERY, the strain is in our blood, but it is a harmless folly, and inter I feres with no tenet of our faith. The laugh of the Fear dears, or the wail of the lian aside, although not dreamt of in our philosophy," weakens not our trust in the Almighty Ruler of earth and heaven, nor is the simple trustful belief that God can put healing in the springs one whit more of a leaning to " things un- seen than was evinced by the people of Jeri echo, when they besought Elisha to heal the waters. Notwithstanding the mental darkness that for a time overshadowed Ireland, notwithstanding all the evils which have encompassed or have overwhelmed the land, the true knowledge of On 1 never became extinct, the lamp lighted by Sahn Patrick " on the Sabbath preceding the passover" hath never been quenched, even when the blight island passed into a phase of obscurity, the rays of faith, is though few and faint," still glimmered in the cell of the anchors, and cheered the lonely situate on the summit of the Round Tower, It is true that Danes, Norwegians, English, all in turn rivalled the other in devastating mo- pastries, and extinguishing the lights of learning ( and yet It is equally true, numerous imperishable monuments of mind still exist, still hallow the present with a knowledge of the past. Your Gaelic correspondent passes all these by unheeded, and points to " modern sketches of Ireland to illustrate his proposi- tion. Modern sketches of Ireland I <? it were as correct to exhibit Belisarius blind and begging, and, then exclaim, " behold the glory of the warrior ;" as well to wander over the ashes and lava Which cover Pompeii, and say, look what science has achieved, what the arts have perfected ; but the fame of the Roman General has outlived the age of Justinian, and beautiful | fragments of the sculpture and paintings of Pompeii are even yet brought forth from the buried ruins. I am, Gentlemen, Your obedient and faithful servant, I _ EPSILON. 