TRIAL OF THE MAN OF SIN. (continued FROJri our last.) / he proceedings at a Special Commission, held at the Ses sions House of Truth ; in order to the Trial of A nti christ, for High Treason against His Most Sacred Ma jesty. King of Heaven and Earth. Cross-examined by Counsellor Quibble. Q. I ou are the first man I ever heard speak after he lost his head ! A. Although I may be the first man that you have heard speak after hi9 head has been severed from his body ; I am not the first that has appeared as a witness after being slain. John the beloved servant of our King declares. and; this court knows it to be a fact and those who "Were slkin for the word of God, and the testi mony which they held' not only spake after but spake with a loud voice anfi applied to our lord for judgment against theirraUrderers, and were graciously heard. And he also testifies, that he saw on thrones such- as were like me, really beheaded for th% witness of Jesus, and for the word of God; and which had not worshipped the beast, Antichrist or hi3 image ; and they lived and reigned afterwards wifh| our Sorereign King. For my own part I declare, that I have enjoyed more real life . from the day I wair beheaded than ever I did ' before. Father Paul, sworn'. Q; As you wrote the History of the Council of Trent, will you relate to the court what you know of the Prisoner who proclaimed a Jubilee at Rome, promis ing pardon of all sins, to all who prayed for the Council confessed their sins, went in procession, and fasted three days. Thfe council was |opened by the legate Monte, who sung the mass of the Holy Ghost. Previous to tlie mass of this Council, the prisoner, by his base con duct, has caused many in Germany and other parts of Europe to reject his authority. By the liame of Urban II. about the year lico, he first set up the money-making trade of vending indulgences, and by the name of Leo X. in 15 17, he acquired immense sums from all Europe. Leo howevever divided the profits with his sister Magdalane, the wife of Cibo, bastard of Innocent VIII. by reason of which Leo wa9 made Car dinal when he was only fourteen years old. Leo gave his sister all the profits arising from Indulgences in Saxony and a part of Germany, and_she set them up to sale to the higiiest bidder'. The pardon mongers col lected immense sums from every nation they were sent, as appears by one Friar Samson, who collected 120,000 crowns among the Swiss only. The prisoner having changed his name to Adrian VI.. in the Year 1522, and to that of Clement VII. in 1524 and to Paul HI; in 1524,. he created his illegitimate son, Peter Aloisius, Duke of Barma and Placentia, and a son of his a Cardinal at the age of four teen; A son of his illegitimate daughter Con- stanza, was also made another; and his conduct was such; that he was detested by every honest man. His bastard, Peter was assassinated in his own palace two years after. In the year 1549, he gave up tlie name of Paul III. in a violent fit of passion, and assumed that of Julius HI. when he sent Cardinal Pole as his Legate into England, to restore Great Britain to his au thority; bloody Queen Mary having ascended the throne. This darling of the Prisoner within one year burnt 176 persons of quality, and others who rejected his authority To please him, she also dug lip bodiss but of their' graves after being buried four years. Many also Were burnt in France by the Prisoner's orders. He com missioned the King to graat to Diana Valentia bis mis tress, all the goods confiscated tor heresy ; this covetous harlot required the death of multitudes to support her in her abominations, as a true daughter of the Church. Ylie prisoner having for a few days only assumed the name of Marchilles II; he changed it tb Paul IV; He. then presumed to absolve England from the brime of rejecting his supremacy in the reigns' of Henry VII. aud Edward VI. After which he wrote to his own. pet Mary, for the Peter's Pence; and the restoratibn of land, that he claimed as St. Peter's property. He told the people of England " that they could not hope that St. Peter, would open heaven unto, them so long as they usurped fiis goods upon earth;" and thus duped them but of a great deal of money. He also cr'eated a number of Cardinals, contrary to his most solemn oath ; and when reminded of it ih the conclave, he declared it heresy to suppose thAt the Pope 'could be bbund, oi bind himself. Notwithstanding the ififamo'tis conduct of the Fathers who composed the council of Trent and the Prisoner he presumed to declare, that the council was guided by . the Holy Ghost ; so that a blasphemous proverb wa9 generally used " that the Council of Trent wds guided by the Holy Ghost'sent hither froth time to time In a cloak - bag from Rome." I have taken notice of the laws this Council made, though some of them are too absurd for any meaning to be attached to them, and therefore the Prisoner prohibited any other than he should choose. But he clearly decreed , himself to be the Vicar of Christ. His church the only trtie chnrch. The doctrine of Transubstantion. Merit of good works. Purgatory. Invocation of saiuts. Veneritioh o! images; Seven Sacraments. His power to grant indulgencence, to ana thematize heretics, and to lay A prohibition on the use of the Scriptures; And that evlerythino decreed and declared by the council Of Trent should be believed: — He also prohibited by th'e name of Pius IV; the an notations on the New Testament written by Erasmus which he had sactioned by the name of Leo X. — His inquisitors also made out a list of books to be condemned with their authors ; and even piohibited all books printed by 62 printers to be read, whether good or bad. The prisoner was known by. five 'different appel lations during the time the Council sat. Q. Do you know hoW many protestants the prisoner put to death in the Netherlands ? A. Yes in a very short time he hanged, burned bu ried alive, and beheaded 50,000. Cross-examined by Mr. Equivbcator. Q: Are you not a priest ? A. Iam; but it is well known; that I was never fully reconciled to his authority, H; Ou your oath; Were you promised pardon in con sideration of giving evidence ? A. I gave my testimony voluntarily. I -was never promised pardon,for so doing. William Tindal, Sworn. This witness said that he was born in Wales. Tliat he wished to translate the Bible into the English toRi gue, but was prevented in England: That lie werit over into Germany, and there translated, first the new and afterwards the oldTestament, wbi'ch being sent over into Great Britain, produced much good. Tliat in con sequence of his publishing tlie word of God; the Priso ner and his hireling Bishops thirsted for his blood. That during the reign Henry VIII; one Henry Phillips was dent to seize him at Antwerp; That he was imprisoned tried and condemned. And that in the year 1536 he was chained tc a slake at Filford, and btirnt, (as was supposed) to deaih; Thomas Bennet, School -master of Exter, sworn: Q. Did not the prisoner attempt to kill you in the reign of Henry VII;? A. He did. 1 wrote some papers which I placed on the doors of the Cathedral and other churches, saying that " the Pope is Antichrist, and we ought to worship God only,, and no Saint: This gave great offence to the Priests under the Prisoner's government, and they by his authority proceeded to curse the author, with Bell, Book and Candle; The Priest who was to pronounce the curse, being in the pulpit, clothed in white; and the Friars-and Monks standing about him, a cross was held up With bandies fixed on it, when he pronounced the following words. " By the authority of God the Father Almighty, and the blessed Virgin Mary, of Si. Peter And Paul, and of the Holy saints, we excommu nicate we utterly curse and Bann, commit and deliver to the Devil of hell, him or her, whomsoever lie or she be, that have in spile of God, and of St.- Peter, .whose church this is, in spite of all holy Saints, and in spile of our Most Holy Father the Pope, God's Vicar here on earth, and in spite of the Reverend Father in God John our Diocesan,, and the worshipful Canons, Masters, Priests and clerks, which serve God daily it) this Calliel dial church, fixed up with wax such cursed and beretica- bills, full of blasphemy, upon the door of this and other holy churches within this city, " Excommunicate be lie, she, or they pl'enarily, and delivered over to tlie devil, as perpetual malefactors and schismatics; Accursed they be, and given body ana soul to the devil. Cursed be they, lie, or she in cities or towns, in fields and ways, in houses and 'out of bousrs and all other places, standing, lying, or rising, .walking running, waking, steeping, eating, drinking, and what soever, tiling th'ey do beside. We separate them, him, 'or her, froth the threshold; and from all the good prayers, of the church, from the participation of the holy M'aiss, from all Sacra ments, Cliapeiis, and altars, (rom holy Bread aud holy water, from all their cloisters, from all their \- pardons, privileges, grants and immunities, Which all the holy Fdiheis, PopeS of Rome, have granted to them. — And we give them over utterly to tlie power of the Devil, And let us 'quench their souls, if they be dead this night; in the pains of hell-fire as this candle is now quenched and put out." And with that he put out one of the candles. " And let us pray to God, if they be alive, that their eyes may be put out; as this candle-light is." Here he put out another candle. " Let us priy to God and our Lady, and to St. Peter and St; Paul, and all holy' saints, that all the senses of their bodies may fail them and that th'ey may have no feeling, as now the light of this candle is gone ;" putting out the third candle'; " ex cept th'ey, he, or she come openly" noiV and confess their blasphemy' and by repentance (as in them shall lie) make satisfaction unto God and our Lady, St. Peter; and the worshipful company of this 'Caihdral church." Q. flow did you act, after you beard this anathema pronounced? A. I wrote other pApers, till I was apprehended, when I confessed myself to be the author, and that I would do the same to discover Antichrist, or the Pope, who wasted the church of God' After refusing to recqht, ! was condemned to be burnt; delivered over to the Sheriff of Devonshire for execution, and in Livery dale without Exeter I was chained to the stake. Several Martyrs, who suffered in England during the reign of Queen Mary I. were now introduced into the Court fo give their evidence Against the Prisoner. Only a few Were examined. John Roger's, sworn". Q. Was you the'first person in England who suf fered by fire during the reign of Queen Mary ? A. . I was. Mary Was employed by the prisoner at 'the bar, as bis comihon executioner in England, and she made a greater proficiency in kindlig firek, to burn her protestant subjects than any other hangman before her time. .... Q. In What year did she begin her reign ? A. In 'the year 1533; on the death «>i Edward Yl. Lady Jane Gray had beep proclaimed agreeable to the request of Edward; but Mary, who by intrigue A >d flattery first drew tlie county of Norfolk to suppoit h jr claim, soon obtained tlie crown. She then cut oft' t ie head of Lady Jane and her husband Lord Guilford Dudley. Having established herself on the tliroue, she proceeded like a female fury to re-establish Popery. — Cardinal Pole was restored, and introduced to both houses of parliameut as the Pope's Legale, and ad dressed them upon the occasion. The Parliament after this drew up a petition acknowledging their sorroW for having rejected the Prisoner's authority, requesting to be pardoned for their offences, and restoVeU 'into the bosom of the church of Rome. This petition being delivered tb the Cardinal, he gave them absolution iu these words ; " we.by the Apostolic authority given unto us, by the Most Holy Lord, Pope JuliUs the tliird, Christ's vicegerent on cArth, do ab solve abd deliver you. and every of you, with the whole Realm and Dominions thereof, from ail heresy, and schism, and front ail judgments, cenkures, and pains; for thAt curse incurred; and Also We do restore you again to the unity of our Mother the holy . Church."— The report of this coming to Rome, caused great joy. The prisoner published a bull for a jubilee, and Went in procession to manifest the pleasure he felt on this occasion. He then delegated Mary tb be his agent ih England to put to death such as rejected Popery, and I with many others was dragged to prison. Q: Was you not once one of hi9 Priests ? A. I was. I was educated at Cambridge, but being chosen chaplain to the Factory at AntWerp, I became acquainted with Tindal and Coverdale, who we're trans lating the Bible. Through their instrumentality, bV the word 1 assisted them to translate, I was led to see the vile honduct of the prisoner and to nject bis au thority. After this 1 married and travelled into Saxon)1 and prdached the gospel Jesus Christ, for some yeA-s Upon the accession ol King Edward VI. I cAthe. into England: and was appointed a Prebend ol St. Paul's where I was stationed 6n the return ot Popery. Uii a complaint being made that I preached the dobtrines of the reformation. "I was cited before the Prisoder'e bishops,, and condemned as a heretic? During the - my confinement! dreW up an answer to the charges brought against me, and vindicated the doctrines of the atonement and justification by the imputed righteous ness of Christ: After undergoing the ceremony of degradation; t was conducted to the flames in Suiithfield. M) wife with her ten children, with me requested an interview before I was chained to the stake", but so little of the milk of human kindness did my enemies possess thAt our united request was not granted. 1 was chAiited td th'e stake and the flames . were kindled round me, Whifch continued to burn till I was delivered oAt of theix sight; this Was the year 1'555. Lawrence Saunders, William Bigot, Stephen Knight, Thomas Tonkins, Thomas Hawkes, John Lawrence, and WilliaM Hunter, being 9worn. said that tlie) were all chained to separate stakes and burnt by mrder of the prisoner. LaWrence affirmed, thAt iVlien he was bro'Aght to Colchester to be executed, his legs being so- worn by heavy irons in prison, and his body so weak that he was obliged to be carried in a chair to the stake and the fire kindled round him sitting. Robert Frazer; Bishop of St. Davids and Rawlins White a Fisherman, both of Wales; were hext examined They proved that they suffered in Mkb mannerjby the Prisoner's orders. A pile of iron chains were produced to the cotwf, which had been used by the prisoner, to bind the wit nesses and others to stakes. Rowland Tailor, Vicar of Hadly, in Essex, being ex amined affirmed, that he was cited before the Bishop of Winchester, whose name war Stephen Gardiner, and who next to Bonner was one of the Prisoner's most ac tive and cruel executioners. That he was sent up to London to the Queen's bench prison,and alter repeat ed examinations was comdemned to be burnt as a here tic. That he was sent down to his parish to he execu ted. that as he entered Hadley, the streets were lined with his old parishon'ers, who in general manifested their sorrow on his account. That at Aldbam-Com- inon the place of execution, he addressed the spaetators saying, "I have taught you nothing but God's holy word, and am come hither to seal with my blo'od, those doctrines of the Gospel I have delivered unto you." That being chained to the stake and the fire kindled, he was bflrtit till he was delivered out of the fire, and left nothing but a few ashes, which led the prisoner and others to suppose that he was dead: Bishop Latimer, sWorn. Q. Did not the prisoner attempt to burn you ? A. He bid. Upon the accession of Maiy, i with Bishop Ridley and Archbishop Cranmer, were sent to the Tower, and from thence' to Oxford to dispute with twelve men under the prisoner's government, selected from Cambridge and Oxford. When the disputation was ended, we were brought as prisoner's on a stage, "and asked " whether we would persist in out opinions or recant?" We all affirmed that we would persist and were then condemned as heretics to be burnt, but our execution was suspended for some time.- Q. Was Nicholas Ridley the bishop chained to the" same stake with you ? A. He was. We were both chained together at one' stake in Oxford. I was then about fourscore years of age, and my infirmities much increased by the severity bfmy confinement, yet as my day was, so stiength was given. Having long since declined iny ecclesiastical dig nity, I appeared at the stake without any clerical habit. Ridley and I embraced and encouraged each other at the stake, he said to me " God will either as suage the fury of the flames,- or enable us to endure it,''1 and so he did. The faggots being kindled I was soon taken in a fiery chariot to my King, but Ridley was delayed for some time longer, when he was mercifully delivered in like manner. Bishop Ridley, being examined, confirmed the testi mony of the last witness. Crannter, Archbishop of Canterbury, sworn. Q. Did not the prisoner condemn you ? A. He did, but I suffered for a long time in confine ment before he attempted to execute the sent enee. I was also so weak, that one' day by threats and promises' I was persuaded to sign my recantation, though not the one published by cruel Bonner. This, however availed me nothing " the tender mercies of the prisoner are cruel.'' I was required to ratify my recantation publicly, and then to die for heresy. Being callled upon to address the people in St. Mary's church, Ox lord my enemies were thunderstruck at hearing me ex pi ess my sorrow, for'niy apostacy and weakness, and to declare the Pope to be. Antichrist, and that I would fust burn my unworthy right hand that signed the recantation. (to tie concluded; in clur next,). 