PROTESTANT UNION v. POPISH TY- RANNNY Resbwins our European Chart Survey, we run along the Coast of Portugal—and of this miserable, wretchedly enslaved Papal country, the same must be said as of Spain. Her land has been deluded in blood, and the darkest night of superstition yet reignes over her. . Then France again, extending her line of coast, converging with that of Britain, and only separated by a narrowchunnel of 20 miles wide. What is ber political state at the present moment ? She is expelling the Jesuits, whilst her King, Louis Phillippe, is intriguing with the Court oi Rome to have a favorite Cardinal elevated to the dignity of a Sovereign Pontiff, as soon as the present occur pant of the Papal Chair, in despite ofhis infallibi lity, shall have fallen by the iron band oi the most potent Monarch upon Earth. But France has her standing army of nearly 400,000 men, and a Navy, by no means to be held too cheap. Paris is most extraordinarily fortified, and the ammunition supplied is redundaut. The coast and harbours of France bristle with the engines" of destruction, and the nation waits but the issue of oue event to bsist forth, like a volca nic eruption. . But there is Germany, convulsed ' by internal commotion. Protestantism has again resumed her seat, and is shedding her light over the Roman Catholic land, by the instrumentality of a Rouge. The 'Holy Coat' he has proved, was duly, a piece of base fabrication, by the designing Romish priestcraft, to ep rich the coffers of the Holy Church, from offerings and contributions of the millions of pilgrims who came from all quarters to gaze upon the precious garment. But, now, "by the light of Divine Revelation, instead of a Holy "Coat, to be seen only at a distance, without, any; moral or spi ritual effect, Ronge boldly offers,, and ensures to each of his followers— the Christians Coat of Mail. What Luther was in his day, so Ronge will be in this; and God will, assuredly, uphold his faithful servant. , But Satan and his minions are at work, having an especial eye upon what is going on in Germany. It is announced by the L'Univers , " that the city of Trent is to celebrate the third Centenary of the re-union of the Council of Trent in the -commence ment of the present year, when 'all the German Patriarchs, and Prelates have promised 4o attend. The Pope had granted a Jubilee on this account, t)fsix months continuance! The Bishop of Trent' had caused a large crucifix to be. most magnificently, decorated with silver and gold, and precious stones, and the iuhahiiantvof- the city bad erected a statue of the Virgin Mary, at ; the foot of which was in scribed — ' Ever victorious over allheretics 1" Of all dogmas in creeds — of all malignant feelings to man — of all blasphemies — here is the very climax ! Now let us visit the Emeiald Green Isle — even worse is her condition tbau if she Were trodden under foot by an invading foe ; worse than the land of the Egyptian in its desolation, after Gods plagues — a perfect Pandemonium. The address of the Irish Protestant Magistrates, and other gentlemen of the North Riding of the County of Tipperary, sigred by Lotd Duralhey, as Chairman to the English Protestants, to labor on their behalf with the Houses of Parliament, must kiudle in every generous British mind, a feeling of the deepest sympathy. Just what Queen- Potnare, and the inhabitants of her neighbouring Isles, are in the hands of the, ferocious, cowardly,- and brutal Bruat and his compeers, under the di- relion of the deep scheming and equally merciless. GHizot— so are tlie Protestant inhabitants of Tip perary under the fiery persecution of Daniel O'Connell and the Romisli priestcraft. Each> beiDg unable to defend or protect his sacred hearth, having it constantly exposed to open violation, and alike supplicating a British Cabinet for aid and protection from the tyranny of Popery. It is difficult to decide, to whom the greatest Criminality attaches in respect to the continuance of the miseries, sorrows, and untol — of woe?, Whether to the Great Agitator— who is doing nli for himself in the way of enriching his pocket— and all for his seven millions of devotees, by fleecing them for his rents, or to our great leader, Sir Robert Peel — for his entire deficiency -of moral and physical courage to carry peremptorily, the powerful measures, which the state of Ireland demands — in bringing the rebels into entire subjection. Sir Robert, after passing most stringent laws, and having O'Con nell and his colleagues tried and convicted as traitors, and consigned to durance vile , he was so bitten in conscience by the ghost of the mighty Dan, that he determined forthwith, "that my Lords on the woolsack, should at any rate release the victims. Consequently, they were forthwith released, whilst Popish Ireland shouted praises to the " Blesspd Virgin," for answering her prayers, and by a mira cle, releasing her persecuted mart y rs. To Maynooth, £100,000, and £30,000 per an num to feed the rookery, hovering about this sacred edifice of learning. Sir Robert Peel proposed in the house, and had granted, even against the combined voices and petitions of the whole of Protestant England ! And what has he gained by his favorite theory, and his inMih to Na tional Protestant feelings ? The mistrust of a Bri tish Protestant public, both in himself and his party. And at the close, this ye -r, of the Septennial Parliament, Sir Robert and his friends, notwith standing the late little political ruse about resign ing, are not likely to be re elected in the New Parliament, but ra'her to be scattered even beyond the precincts of the C hilt em Hundreds. But is Ireland satisfied with these grant- ? No. The priestcraft have applied for more, the amount of £30,000 not .being half sufficient to repair and re adorn Maynooth. They treat the sums with contempt and scorn. But Sir Robert did say, No— and that must peremptorily — aid, no donbt, the monosyllable being interpreted at Head quarters, the Priestcraft did not fail to bless him with a few anathemas, as a consummate heretic. So much for his benevolence to Popery. Could he expect more ? And what does Sir Robert Peel mean to do ? To wait till the- Agitator breathes his last? It may be years to come yet ; and then, what is to become of the million of Irish Protestants, who are faithful adherents to the British Crown ? Iu this interval, butchery, which has already been begun by the O'Connellites, will be continued and completed, and thus the atrocities of Ireland will vie in the pages of history with those sanguinary acts recorded of the French Revolution. Sir Robert Peel must either give O'Connell all that he requires, in the Repeal of the Union— expel the Irish Roman Catholics, crowding into Liver pool and London, and elsewhere, to Ireland, and receive on the shores of Eugiand the Irish Pro- ' testants for protection, The Catholic Emancipation Bill brought all these miseries on Ireland. Dan saw the opportu nity, and be has anuuuliy made the most of it to- ull intents and purposes. But a corrective Inflicted, would have stopped him— and Sir Robert might have passed through the world, and died as an honest Statesman. England and New South Wales will engross our .attention hereafter. TIi9 specific object of this and the previous article being to bring the Chris tian Protestant to ponder on what is taking place amongst the several nations 6T Europe — which, in ihe ppliticu-religious- sirife abuutto be, carried out in due season, cannot and will not fail greatly to affect Christianity, both in England, and her Colonies. 