THE getting ifêtorntntr, trials. SATURDAY, JANUARY 17, 1846 " Sworn to no master, of no sect am J. THE CORPORATION QUESTION. IMMORTAL Basin ' does til) respected by all presence set linger in the limestone caverns and pastoral shades of Wellington Valley, or does the ghost) shade hover invisible on the sandy bank of Lachlan Swamp ' Alive in the flesh, or awake in the spirit, now may rest thou proudly lift thy look, now thou receiv est full compensation for many a formidable quiz, many an adverse prediction, many a dis- heartening accident, in the course of the prolonged labours, now may th) sturdy convictions be revived, thy reminiscent a soul refreshed , now mayest thou with a happy appropriateness boast " Alone I did it, opposed and derided I did it, unre- warded and to an unthinking and un- grateful people I did it, I gave them the first necessary of life in ample abundance, -fresh, free, and flowing, and it is like to be all they shall ever get, until an other stem case, this suit in term, and work out another Bote Ye miserable flowers and sneezes, whose pitiful minds are incapable of following out and completing to the east) extent required, the in- estimable advantage already bestowed upon you without expense, where would you have been to do) but for me ? You will not borrow six thousand pounds, though for every hundred of interest which it bears a thousand of profit might accrue! What, if you had now to commence from the fountain-head ; if you had yet to seek the water for forty thousand people among the Surry Hills ? How would you have raised the money, pray ? I will answer for you, by borrowing; and if you had to borrow forty thousand pounds, it would have been well done, rather than continue to drink the rotten and purging liquids of your back-yards. What then becomes of your self-denying principle of not borrow ling?" Such was the address we made to Old BUSDY'S Eidolon, and such the better than oracular response he made to us. And now let us examine a little into the value of Mr. HILL'S great argument. He contended that it would be unjust to obtain any loan which would remain a burden upon their children, who ought to have everything, he said, as free as the air around them. If this means anything, it means that a heavy rate is to be laid upon the occupants and present owners of houses, whose children, for aught they know, may ere long be tending sheep on the remotest stations of the Murrumbidgee or Moreton Bay, in order that Mr. HILL'S children may enjoy their rentals in Queen street and Park-street without deduction. But in truth it is wholly a miscalculation. If pipes are laid in Queen-street and Park street, and the shrewd Councillor fits up cisterns and water-closets in his houses (already, it is granted, very nice and comfortable dwellings), and the tenants obtain their water at half its present cost will not the value of the properly be increased to the Councillor's heirs ? Long may he live !) If, in addition to this, the Corporation should pay off the first cost of the improvements in a few years, and after that be in receipt of a nett permanent ' revenue two or three times more than is now derived from the water good, will not be and his heirs, executors, ad- j ministrators, and assigns, be holders of J shares in a prosperous water company?' We really think the youthful inheritors when they come to the years of discretion will be much obliged to their worthy pro- genius for leaving them this species of fructifying incumbrance. If that wealthy functionary would make a present to each of our interesting flock of one of his nice six-roomed cottages, on condition and subject to the incumbrance of paying water rates, painting it annually, and keeping it in repair, we assure him it would not be sneezed at in the least. But, says Mr. HILL in continua- tion, fifteen-sixteenths of the mortgages effected in the country had never been re- deemed and perhaps never would be it was therefore very impolitic for any person, particularly one who, like themselves, was the agent of another, to create incumbrances of this kind. Here is the statement of a fact, first of all. Suppose we grant it. Suppose in addition to the fact of non-redemption as yet, and the probability of non- receipt tion for ever, we grant that it was never intended or reasonably hoped that these mortgages should be redeemed. Is there to be no distinction between the fifteen mortgages of that description, and the sixteenth proper and prudent one, by which the borrower has been saved from ruin or elevated to opulence 1 Did the Councillor never hear how " those few sheep in the wilderness " were preserved and multiplied when in " the naughtiness of their hearts " the squatters mortgaged them under the Preferable Lien Act 1 And, with particular reference to city loans, did not the Council at their first outset borrow several thousand pounds and though no mortgage in manner and form was given, was not all the property in the city equitably liable The point in a rational man's mind ought not to lie betwixt borrowing and not borrowing, as it has been put to the perplexity of the Councillors, who may well be perplexed by such intangible investigations ; but between borrowing with extravagance, or to an excessive extent, and borrowing circum- speedy and for justifiable ends. If the Councillors would look more into the Act of Incorporation, they would find that all the danger so vaguely apprehended has there been guarded against. They cannot, if their object be legitimate, err in the extent of their borrowing, for the first and second provisions of the 99th section, so often referred to, declare that the extent of their borrowings shall not in all at any one time exceed five years' income from the city revenues. Let them borrow then as madly as can he conceived, and fling the money into the sea, they can- not burden the city to the annual extent of a third of its revenues. But nobody years, unless they be themselves so timid as to fear, that with such a multitude of counsellors, the borrowed funds will not be in perfect safety, whether we regard their end or their detailed application. The part of Mr, H-.-u's argument which likens the Council to an agent, we cannot see the force of. Whether they are to be regarded as principal or agent, does not alter the nature of the transac- tion. If as agents they do what they might reasonably be expected to do for themselves, and if the doing come within their powers, they are perfectly exonerated, morally and lawfully. The Councillor seems to have some confused notion of a greater accountability, or of a restriction of power which does not exist. But to say the truth, the whole of his speech from beginning to end arises out of a confusion of ideas and false analogies. First, he assumes that we are about to tax our children with giving them an equivalent, when in truth we do not propose to continue the tax beyond a very few years, and we mean to leave them a permanent benefit, a tangible property in pipes and pipe drains. Next he conceives of a public debt bearing a trifling proportion to the public income on which it is secured, as of a private mortgage on un- productive property not worth the sum borrowed, and of which the corpus, or any portion of the corpus, (e. g. No. 1, Queen-street), maybe seized and foreclosed at a tremendous sacrifice. Thirdly, he conceives that the Council is a trustee, not to manage and improve but merely to preserve, forgetting that there is no heir ripening up to take the concern in due time into his own hands and re- trieve his conservative neglect, and that as an agent he must be guided by super- human prudence and caution, in circumstances in which were he a principal he would feel no want of confidence in his qualities as an ordinary mortal mixture of earth's mould. The admirable resolutions of Alderman WILSHIRE, and the judicious speeches of Alderman BROUGHTON, Mr. AGARS, and Mr. FishER, are well worth the perusal of all citizens who take an interest in this question. They present the question in so clear a light that we need add nothing to them. One observation of Alderman FLOOD may, however, he answered. He said, with reference to the mode of laying out part of the money, that it would be extremely absurd to borrow money for a purpose which was not thoroughly understood. So it would, but we say the purpose is thoroughly understood, and the mode of application is capable of being so, if not so already. At any rate, we distinguish between the purpose and the mode, between the particular steam engine, and any other pump for elevating the water, or any particular size of pipes, or any particular place or line of commencement, and the great general and indisputable, and alas, ill-appreciated end of affording to the inhabitants water in their own houses. Happily water works are of such a nature that any error committed in the power of the engines or the connection of the communication may be remedied at little cost, and the apprehension of such error or cost ought not to re- tard the main design. Now we cannot part without a few words to those gentlemen in the Council, who, we do not say supported our views, but who were evidently of our opinion. It is true the hour was very unseasonable, and there ought to have been an adjourn- ment. Mr. HILL is not entitled to be angry at them, we own. But we beg them to reflect that, if they had remained, the adverse and retrograde measures would have been carried only by a majority of one, instead of unanimously by ten, and that was worth sacrificing a little comfort to obtain. 