COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Deputations from. Railway Companies for British Colonies had a conference yesterday, with the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, at the Colonial Office. The- deputations were com posed; of— . From the Cape of Good Hope Western Rail way—Mr. H. Watson (chairman) the Honorable William Gore (one of the managing committee,) and Mr. W. Oldeirshaw (solicitor.) , From the Mauritius Railway— Mr. Glynn, Mr. N. Ogle, Mr. Hancomb, and Mr.' Kitt (secretary.) From the, Sydney and Parramatta Railway Mr. John Selby. Mr. T. J. Angell, Mr. G. Capper, Mr Gilehriste Whicker, Mr. Walter Selby, and Mr. Valentine (engineer). — Times, Jan. 17. Wool. — A brisker demand has prevailed for English, and prices have risen ½d. to 1d. for skin combing, and ½d. per 1b. for good Hoggets, whilst for all other kinds previous rates are well sustained. , For Foreign and Colonial there has been a better demand, but no improvement has taken place in the value. Stocks of all descrip- tions in the manufacturers' hands are decidedly small, whilst the consumption is going on satis- factorily — Weekly Dispatch. Feb. 9. Tallow. — Town Tallow, 45s. -3d. ; Russian candle, 44s. 6d. ; molted stuff, 31s.': rough ditto, 19s.; Whitechapel,2s:.5.½§d;-; average. Allhoiigh there are sellers of Russian on the spot at a further reduction in prices, still the demand has been limited. from soap makers and chandlers, and 42s. to 42s. 6d. are the rates taken for Petersburg yellow candle of first quality. For delivery next month there has been very little business transacted, and there are sellers at 42s. 3d. to 42s., 6d. per owt. For tho last three months of the year we have no transactions yet to report. Other descriptions have been pur- chased with caution, and the prices taken pri- vately on the spot are rather under those previously quoted, although the supply at market has. been small. Home made met with only a modorate demand at 42s. 6d. to 43s. nett cash. None of any description has been offered at public sale this week. Tho stock in bond is less than it was in 1845 by 9050 casks; the deliveries, however, are not so good as they were, bat arc 5142 casks larger than in the previous season up to this time. Prices are. however, 2s. to 3s. per cwt. higher.— Weekly Despatch, Feb. 8. Tup Ministby, — There is no ' truth in tho statement that Lord Canning is about to succeed Lord Metcalfe, as Governor-General of Canada. Wo havo every reason to believe that it has beon Sroposcd to Lord Cat heart to succeed Lord lotcalfe, and thus unite in the same hands tho civil and military government of Canada. Tho report of. Lord Granville Somerset's retirement from office is altogether without foundation. The Earl ofVcrulam and the Karl of Hare wood will attend at the first Council, to bo sworn in as Lord's-Liouteiinnt of Hertfordshire and the Wesr-Ridinjr of Yorkshire, respectively. — 7rea- suryfaper. . . r ??? . . ? . Lord Ciinning retires from the Foreign-office J but instead of succeeding Lord Metcalfe, ns it was rumoured ho would, we understand ho ' will succeed iKird Howard do Walden, as Ambas sador at Lisbon ? Chronicle. ?? The young wheat plants nro looking very promising, and the- o has seldom been a better prbspect at Christmas for the ensuing harvest than this, year.— Newcastle Journal. The Bishopric ok JnuusAr.nM. — Tho Ailfls brirgh Gazette publishes intelligence from Berlin, to the effect that tho Prussian government, which now has the privilego of appointing' a Protestant bishop to the Seo of Jerusalem, had made choice of M. lielson to fill that post. M. Belson, like Dr. Alexander, originally belonged to the Jewish persuasion, but latterly ombrated Protestantism. The Death of Ma. Isaac Cohen ? The sudden death of Mr. Isaac Cohen, tho brother of Mrs. Rothschild, long a leading and highly res pectable member of the Stock Exchange, has produced a considerable sensation amongst tho elder class of his associates, and universal regret amongst the Hebrews. Mr. Cohen is supposed to have died worth about half a million sterling. Economical Doings in the Qckgn's Houbk noLD. — A royal command has boen communi cated through tho medium of Colonel Bowles, tho Master of Her Majesty's household, for the information of the eight ringers belonging to the parish church of New Windsor, to the effect that the bell* of the church are not in future to ring merry peals, as heretofore, upon the occa sion of the following anniversaries: — Her Ma jesty's accession, Her Majesty's coronation, and the birthdays of the King of'Hanover, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duuhcss of , Gloucester, and the Princess Sophia, the uncles and aunts of tho Queen. The ringers havo been informed by Colonel Bowles that tho two guineas which, upon each formor occasion, havo been paid to the ringers by Sir Henry Whoatley, tho keeper of tho Privy Purse, have been ordered to he paid no longer. Mr. Pond, the town gunner, has also received a similar command respecting tho discontinuance of royal salutes upon thn same anniversaries, it having been intimated to him, at tho same time, that the payment of tho usual sura of one guinea, upon each occasion, has been commanded to bo discontinued. The bolls, however, are to be rung, and tho salutes fired, upon tho same terms as formerly (two guineas for the bell- ringing, and one guinea for tho salutes), agreeably to the instructions officially communicated by' thd Master of the Household upon the following anniversaries, reducing the number- from fifteen to nine, to the great dis appointment of tho ringers and the town gunner : her Majesty's marriage, ' her Majesty's birthday, and the birthdays of tho following members of tho Royal family— tho Queen Dowagor, the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Princo Alfred, the Princess Alice, and the Duchess of Kent. It is ex pected (the Duke of Cambridge being the High Sheriff of tho borough), that the bells will be rung, and n Royal salute fired, on the 24th inst., the birthday of his Royal Highness, at the expense of the corporation. A public subscrip tion has also been spoken of, on the part of tho inhabitants, to 'keep up' the ringing and firing as formerly, upon each of- tho remaining five anniversaries, in order that .due honour should be done at Windsor (as elsewhere) to these auspicious events. — Weakly Dispntoh. Military Intelliuknoi-:. — Augmentation of tug Ahmv. — Many inconsistent statements have lately appeared in reference to the contemplated increase in tho Army. ? It was at one time affirmed that the request of the CommandiT-in-Chief for an addition of 8,000 or 10,000 men had not. boon acceded to, and tho amount, of increase would be at the utmost, 0,000. Tilings now, however, have assumed a more serious aspect, and we sub join the dotails of the additional force, which wo nre informed on authority that may bo con sidered official, it U intendud to enlist. The subject is one which has excited much interest and curiosity in military circles. The flth, 8th, 24th, 32nd, 3Gth, 37th, O!)th. and 00th, the regts. of foot at present having 814 men each, will bo increased to 1,200 each, thus giving a total Addi tion to tho line of 3 083; the Royal Artillery will receive tho additional strength of 700 ; the Royal Regiment of Engineers, 300 ; tho Koyal Marines, 2,000; the regiments of Hides, 1,000 each,-2,000; the depots of tin; following regi mants 1000 each, viz., tho 1st Rnglmont, tho 7th, 14th, 15th, lGth, 19th, 33rd, 34th, 35th, 38th, 40th,48th, 52nd, r.4th, (50th, GGth, 72nd, '3rd, 77th, 70th, 81st, 05th, and 9Sth, 4-G00. Total for tho Foot, 12,088. Tho 60th foot having Iw y batr talions, the addition will bo confined to the so-^ oond battalion. -Sixteen rogiments of cavalry will be increased four' mon. per troop— 000. Thus giving a total for li'irne'nrtil foot, of 18,288. — WeeMi/ Jiispntcli. ??.?? -'?.«?? ?- Dn. PosET's^insT Sebuon, Since his Sus pension.^— Dr Puuey preached on Sunday, at Christchurch Cathedra), Oxford, for the first time since the expiry of his two-years suspension. The building was crowded to excess; several members of tho University, under tho impulse of curiosity, came from London and other, distant places. On entering tho church in presence of tho assembled congregation, Dr. Pusoy advanced_ivith 'grave aspect and down cast eyes'; on reaching the pal pit, ho knelt on tho_ floor of it, and continued in that position while the' congregation sang the 147th Psalm. On rising, tho Doctor recited tho Bidding Prayer and the Lord's Prayer ; and then pro ceeded with his sermon ; the text for which, was taken from St. John xx. 21-23— ' Then said Jesus to them again, Peaco bo unto you ; as my Father hath sent me, cvon so send I you. And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and said unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost: whosesoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whosesoever sins ye retain, they aro retained.' Tho discourse formed a kind of sequel to tho sormon which led to his suspension. There was no retractation or qualification of tho opinions which had drawn down the censure of the University authorities. He regarded his suspension as a punishment for secret faults which God knew ia him,; and from which he trusted, He desired to cleanso him Dr. Puscy contended stind.l r for the Romish doctrine of priestly power to iorgivo sins, and. to punish the impenitent for the good of their souls. He greatly ' approved of confession ; and spoke hopefully of an approaching ' restoration.' His proofs were chiefly taken from the traditions and writings of tho fathers and the ritual of (ho Church of England. The sermon occupied an hour and n half in tho. delivery. — Spectator, Februtru 7. .??????--? DEAnTfi in JaiXAVD.— -The' most important fact in the proceedings of Parliament last night, was. tho presentation of extracts from a report made by tho Government Commissioners' of In ?uiry into the ? failure of the' Irish potatoe crop, t is dated from Dublin Castle, on the 20th January ; and it will be seen from the subjoined summary, that tho report suggests the utmost cause for alarm as to the extent and severity of the rapidly-approaching dearth in Ireland, and hints at a total inadequacy of resources to meot it. The extent of the evil to bo provided for is thus stated. ' It appears from undoubted au thority,1 that of thirty -two counties in Ireland, not one has escaped failure in the potato crop ; of 130 poor-law unions, not one is exempt ; of 2,058 electoral- divisions, above 1,400 are cer tainly reported as having suffered, and we havo no certainty, until the recoipt of the more minuto returns now in progress of completion, that tho remaining 600 havo altogether escaped.'- The difficulty of procuring relief by means of em ploying labour is the greater that the disease is not continuous in any one district, but that ex ceptions occur, thus causing a difference in the circumstances of persons occupying the same locality. Great importance is attached by the Commissioners to the existence of poor-houses. They mention that these asylums are not nearly full ; but their progress towards repletion must be carefully noted us furr.Uhing an index to tho stato of the union in which limy are situated. The ordinary expenditure of I ho Irish poor-' houses for a year, is about ^£:2G0,00D; but tho' Commissioners do not considur that the relief which tho existing houses are capable of afford ing will be at all sufficient to meet tho antici pated distress. As to the labour question, it also is beset with difficulties. 'In all cases of! public distress it is necessary, as stated by the | Committee of 1822, (May 10,) ' to prefer small ! local undertakings,' where employment in labour , is to be given,'- to those on a great scale. Works on a great scale have a tendency to invite an accumulation of numbers to a given spot, and . probably, to disappoint, the greater part of them.' That which is necessary on all such oc- j casions is peculiarly necessary now.' Sir John M'Neill estimates tho distance to which tho be nefit of employment in public works extends nt five miles only. On this branch of tho relief question, the Commissioners ' entertain the greatest doubt whether any adjustment of pub lic works can be made to meet the need wherever it may occur; and it must be met, or dentil from famine may be the rejulr.' — Spectator, Februa.ru. 7. i In the Houso of Commons on Friday, January 23, Mr. Ewart presented a petition. from certain colonists in Van Dicmcn's Land, praying for the abolition of the present system of making that colony a general receptnclefor the trans ported convicts of this country ; in supporting the prayer of which tho hon. member stated that tho petitioners urged upon the consideration of the house, that at tho period when they became settlers, evory means had been adopted by the government to encourage tiiem as froo settlers. That system had prevailed from tho year 1824 to 1840, and during that period the colony had rapidly advanced. The imports had vastly increased, and tho exports had risen to between .£800,000 and XDOO.OOO, the chief item being wool. But in 1844 a change took placo. Up to that year tho convicts transported from this country were sent principally to New South Wales. A change was then made by the noble lord, tho then secretary for tho colonial depart ment ; convicts were then sont to Van Dicmcn's Land, and the conscquonce was that tho number of convicts in the colony increased to the almost unexampled number of 14,000 in four years. Instead of increasing tho number of tlio virtuous in tho colony, the vicious wero increased, until they overpowered thorn in numbors, nnd thopo titioners addressed the house and tho govern ment, and prayed to be rclioved. They begged tho attention of the house to tho circumstance that they wore obliged to take, not only convicts from this country, but also from Canada, from India, and even from China. They further complained, that for the watching, fur the keep ing up of the necessary surveillance over this vastnumbor of convicts, the police had to be increased, nnd that police had to be supported by. tho colonists. Thoy complained that, not withstanding that immense amount of police force, it was insufficient to repress and keep in order the vicious population, and that further taxation would bo necjessary to be established by gov«rnmcnt in order to give the petitioners the slightest chance of safety. Crime hud increased in the island, and the circumstances worn ag gravated in consequeneo of tho impossibility of finding employment for tho convicts. The pe titioners lived in a constant state of apprehension and anxiety, and they could not look forward to the prospect of bringing up or leaving their children in such a place, where vice so predo minated, without a vast increase of that anxiety. And it would be quite impossible that govern ment expenditure could supply the placo of the trade and commerce which had declined. But there was ono circumstance of a fearful charac ter which called for tho attention of the house. It was the sending of persons to th« nolony from Norfolk Island. If those persons wero to bo addud to tho dpprnved in Van Dicmcn's Land there was no hope left for the virtuous co lonists. Such was the dreadful state of the colony; and tho petitioners therefore prayed that the number of convicts in the colony should be reduced, and tti.it employment should' bo pro vided for those .who wero loft there, in order tint they might be enabled to support them selves — Morning Chronicle, January 24. . ., Tho news of the lamentable wreck of the Calaraqui had reached England, and caused a great sensation ... ... ,-, The Old Bnily Court wan occupied on' the 5th and Oth with tho trial of Captain Johns'.nnc, for tho murders on hoard the Tory. 'Tho Jury returned a vortfiut of ' Not guilty, on tho ground ' of insanity when ho committed the 'not.' Tho prisoner will consequently be imprisoned .for. life;1 -il -????? -. . ? .'., ? v : ? ?.'?_ ?. : If we are not misinformed, the Rev. C. Words worth'd resignation * of the second mastership at' Winchester College, which the University Herat.!) of last week nays it bears is on account of ill health, is really not unconnected with com plaints which' have been made of his attempting to eon/cas tho boys at Winchester school. — Church and State Gazette. ? Sir Roiibut Pbei.'s Measure's.— At a meeting of tho Town Council of Hull, held on Thursday, it was resolved wiih only three dissentients: ? 'That this council approves of the proposed alteration in the tariff, excepting such parts of it as rotated to the protection of the final abolition of duty upon corn for three years ; and that it is of opinion that the immediate repeal of those duties would tend to the good or the country generally, and that this nouncil resolves that a petition to this effect be signed 'by the Mayor on behalf of the council, that the corporation seal he affixed to it, and that it bo sent to Sir John Hammer nnd Sir W. C. James for presentation.'* — Hull Packet. What wilt, the Lf.aoue po in Parliament ? This question is thus answered in tho League newspaper: — 'Those members of the League who are also members of the Houso of Commons will do nothing that can, directly or indirectly, strengthen I ho hands of tho monopolists — nothing that can impede or dulay the passing of any' legislative measure calculated to give greater freedom to commerce, and to increase' tho remunerative employment and exchangeable yaluo of labor. The Leaguers will lake excellent care, so far as they are concerned, that tho country shall bo put in possession, on tho earliest possible day, of at least that very large amount af commercial freedom which is comprised within tho scope of Sir Robert Peel's plan of com mercial reform.' Tho Times states that tho express by which it was enabled to publish tho Indian intelligence, exclusively, on Thursday morning, was 'due to tho gratuitous and wholly unexpected kind ness of the Austrian Government :—' The mails were brought from Bombay to Suez by tho East India Company's steamer Victoria, and arrived at the latter port on the 19th January..; They wero then conveyed by the ordinary; means across the Desert, and reached Alexandria on the morning of tho 22nd. The' Austrian . steamer Imperatrice was there in waiting, arid departed at noon on that day -with our despatch for Tricsto. She arrived at Trieste, whore her mails were landed on Thursday tho 29th ; and late that evening, tho courier, who carried our despatches and to whom we are indebted for most strenuous exertions in our behalf, left Trieste en route for Ostoiid. His first pmnt wus Carlsruhe, whence he hoped to obtain a steam-toat down-, tho Rhine to Komi or Cologne ; but so extensive was the inundation, that no steamer could be prevailed on to under take the voyage ; and he was compelled to post onwards, encountering all the difficulties which flood, snow, and rain could interpose, until he reached tho Belgian railroads. By this means lie reached Ostend ; and -thence crossing to London, succeeded, with raro intelligence, although not speaking a word of English, in reaching our office without a moment's delay. Ho arrived at six o'clock ; and had thus per formed the journey fr.om Trieste, under every imaginublo disadvantage, in some hours loss than six days. Tho whole timo occupied between Alexandria nnd London is a little more than thirteen iliys.'— Spectator, Ftib. J. 