THE TRADES OF HOBART TOWN. NO. II. ' THE GROCERS AND CHEESEMONGERS. In our former communication we exhibited, to the full extent of our humble ability, the advance- ment which has been made by the drapers and haberdashers of our " good city, in the way of the trade and business in their own particular line, thus showing how far they contributed towards the comfort and luxury of the " outward man ;" we now, by way of variety, purport to say a few words of the grocers and cheesemongers (these trades being generally combined in their exertions to supply the " inward man " with those comforts and luxuries which, by dint of constant usage, have become actual necessaries. It was that mighty genius. Dean Swift, we believe, who even in his day asserted that the world must be encompassed before an English'washerwomun good old soul I could get her breakfast; and he was quite right, in the essential articles of tea and sugar only ; we know not what that facetious satirist's ghost would say now, were it to " revisit the pale glimpses of the moon," and witness the vast variety of foreign luxuries from all parts of the civilized globe, which are contained in the Imports of the Grocers and Italian Warehousemen even in this small city of this small dependency. In the olden time, many persons will remember the strange, inconvenient, old-fashioned " Stores," in which were dispensed tea, sugar, tobacco, and snuff, with almost every variety of goods and merchandise, from a needle to an anchor, or from a hook-and-eye to a chain cable ; nor will they have forgotten the scarcity of wrap- ping paper in those distant days, when an old stocking drawn from the leg " for the nonce," was converted into a receptacle for tea, sugar, and perchance whiting, a piece of twine tied tightly round the aforesaid stocking doing duty as a sentinel between the respective articles e, even to a comparatively late period, intending customers generally took with them their own paper, or other wrappers. That the old system was a profitable one, cannot be doubted; for more than one of our wealthiest citizens, now old and venerable themselves, acted prominent parts in the dispensing of these wares and merchandise, to the great comfort and convenience of the public no doubt, and equally doubtless to their own profit and satisfaction. Times, however, are changed-and how changed ? " Here I Tempora mutantur, et tins mutantur in this I" Instead of the low, paltry, ill arranged weather-boarded huts, (for they were scarcely better we have handsome buildings and fine shops commodiously fitted up, and well adapted to the trades we refer to. Commencing with Mr. Watchorn's Emporium we take only the grocery side, and looking through the city we see in every leading thoroughfare shops that would be a credit to any provincial town in Britain. Turn- ing back from" Mr. Watchorn's, we come on the right to Mr. Carter's, and on the left to Wellington House, and Robertson & Graham's, while nearly opposite the latter is the well-stocked establishment of Messrs. Neilson. In Elizabeth street we have the Golden Canister, distinguished by its coffee grinding steam-engine, and higher up we have Newton House, celebrated for its very excellent butter and cheese, chiefly colonial on the opposite side is Alilward's, which is also designated, and not incorrectly, an Italian Warehouse, and where some some very excellent potted butter is procurable, especially that from the extensive dairy of F. Steiglitz, Esq., who, we hear, sends annually to Hobart Town some five tons of this useful colonial production and though last, not least, there is Mr. Gilbert's new shop, where, in the terms of his advertisement, " a good article is to be had at a cheap price," and where the business is conducted in the true London style, the whole arrangement reflecting the highest credit upon the good taste and judgment of the proprietor, who is evidently no noviciate in the trade. There are other establishments scattered over the city, far superior in appearance, as well as in the amount and variety of their stock, to the shops and stores of the "ancient days." It would be a curious, and by no means an unprofitable proceeding, to ascertain, amongst other things, the amount of colonial produce disposed of at these several establishments and we are not quite sure that we shall not. undertake such a calculation, as a conclusion to the present series of l articles-not confined to one trade, but to all, whether concerned in the vending of produce, or the making up of manufactured articles. Indeed something of this kind will be necessary, in order to arrive at a satisfactory result of the aggregate scope and amount of the ' Trades of Hobart Town. 