" THE CORN LAWS. House of Commons. — February, 27 . Adjourned Debate. Mr- uankes complained of the conduct pursued by Sir R. Peel dviung the late ministerial inter regnum, and said that he could find no precedent for a private in dividual (as Siv R. Peel . was at time) obtruding his advice upon the Sovereign with a view to influence her conduct. He then contended that before this measure for the repeal ol the corn laws was passed, an appeal ought to made to the country. Show him the place where there had hecu a free Eng lish election, nnd he would show that a protectionist member liad been returned. He understood that i:i Yorkshire 2000 votes were boasted to have been purchased for the service of the Anti-Corn-Law League. Where, then, was the triumph of the noble lord who sat for the west riding ? (cheers.) Should he take the last and most striking- instance — the election for the county of Nottingham, the member for which had not taken his seat to-night, and he did not know why, though another county member, who was elected only this morning, had taken his seat to day ? If ever there were a fair trial of political strength made in any part of the kingdom, it was in that which had taken place in Nottingham, a county not of an unmixed agricultural character. Was he (Mr. Rankes) asking too ranch, xvhen the fate of Ireland, as was admitted, did not depend on this measure — when the necessity which has been put forward as, he would not say to the pretence, but the reason for this attempl, was given up and abandoned — and when they admitted that there was ho occasion fov haste, alarm, or anxiety, unless as far as those were concerned whose interests they staid they were injuring hy con tinuing the present system of corn- law — was it too much to ask, that they should allow the agricultural interest to have that which it de manded — namely, the expression of opinion hy the whole constituency ? (loud cheers.) Different opinions had been given with regard to those members who had resigned their seats, as well as to those who, having changed their opinions, had retained them. Now some honor able members had adopted a mid dle course, hy partly resigning and jiartly retaining their scats (hear, liear). The honorable member for A/uriiitui \ttir. nrigni; Cliose ro oe pleasant with honorable gentlemen on his (Mr. Bankcs's) side of the House, and observed that, consider ing they were all going to execution they looked remarkably well (a laugh). — He remembered the old and well known ballad ot Prior's, descriptive of a man going to exe cution, and it struck him (Mr. Bankes) that it very tnuch resem bled the case of those half-resigned gentlemen ; " Now fitted the halter, oow traversed the cart, And often took leave, but seem'd loth to depart." (Loud laughter.) Mr. B. Iiscott supported the Government measures. Capiain Gladstone said, some lion, gentlemen who supported lite Govern ment declared tint iliey were only fol lowing up the principles propounded in 1842; but, if that was the taw, why did the right lion, baronet and his col leagues in the government declare that they had changed their opinions ? ftir. louden then rose amidst cheers from those lion, gentlemen who sal round him. The hon. member looked pale and ill and commenced in a very low tone of voice. He said, si.-, 1 have had the good or ill fortune, as it may be, to listen to many corn law delntes in this House. I had not the oppotinnity ol listening to the entire of this debate, but I have read every word of the speeches made in the course of it. The question discussed had been mainly ihc conduct of the ministry — not the principle ol the measute ; and another question had also been mixed op with it namely, the neees- aity for a dissolution of Parliament, and an appeal to the constituency of the country. (Hear). But, sr, thuugh there may be just grounds, in a personal sense, for honorable gentlemen opposite assailing the ministry for (lie course iliey have pursued on this occasion, 1 can assure (item that (lie coun-ry at large does not sympathise with them — nay, more, if they pursue that course any further, that the country may suspect the quarrel has been got up solely to evade lite discussion of the question at issue. (Hear.) If I understand your position rightly it is this ; you say, " We wish lor an appeal to the country ; il the coun try decides that your policy is right we will bow to the decision ol the country. " 1 think I hive fairly stated your position. In lite first place I tell you, if you are believers in the truth nf your principles, that you ate unworthy of your principles for giving them up on such light grounds. When I came ininpailiauicutiherc was a majority ol ninety-one against my view ol the corn laws, but 1 never bowed to those laws, and as long as those laws existed, (hear, hear.) I say as long as they existed, I never ceased mv exer tions tn get litem abated, (cheers,) And if you held the saute belief in your views, you would use the same language, ami would adopt a decided course to main tain principles which you believe to be es-sntial to the prosperity of the country. Yi>u would say "If we are thrown to the ground we will spring up again," (hear and cheers.) Assuming that you can carry out your purpose, let us see how il would wink This point is one to which I wish to draw your attention; but it is of greater importance that at tention should be paid to what I say in another place, (hear, hear.) You want a dissolution you say ; you want to as certain the npiuions of the country. Did you ever think what the opinion of the country is? Do you mean by the op inion of tho country a numetical majo rity of this house, (hear.) We shall have it to-night, (cheers.) Oh, you are not satisfied with that, and you begin preaching 'democratic doctrines, by re ferring the question to lite people. Well you want to have such an opinion ;.but will you first be good enough to define what you mean by the people and pub lic opinion ? You profess io say you will be guided by a numerical majority of this house when the house shall be returned to their serfs by the decision of the country. I deny that there exists the slightest probability of your getting a numerical majority if a dissolution look place to-morrow. I would not have said so three months ago ; indeed, I said the contrary at a. meeting in lhe country, but since that time your party has been broken up, vnur firm phalanx has beeo dispetsed, and what is the effect of your separation among your party, all persons of the least intelligence can inform you. Everybody who is acquainted with the towns in the north of England will bear me out, when I say that lour-fifihs of the conservatives will follow the right lion, baornet, and only one-fifth will follow the Duke of Rich mond, (cheers.) But I will assume, for the sake of argument, that you do have a numerical majority. Ler us see what that numerical majotily or minority I Anneietl f Tliaru f n. knni — n-Il I, v- »ait>to via 1M6IC UI C IU UCIII Willi. 18 members for the metropolis, and two m»mbes for the metropolitan county, 20 members in all, and we have all the twenty, (cheers,) Tltey represent 1 10,000 electers — they represent a po pulation ol 2,000,000 of the tnost in telligent, the most wealthy, the most orderly, and, though f have witnessed in the manufacturing districts what hard wotking men are — yet, acquainted as I i am with business hfe in the metropolis, I am bound a'so to add — ihe hardest working people in England, (cheers.) I will turn to Edinburgh, and ask you, do you reckon the members for that ciiv in your majority? And then there is Dublin — will yon have the honorable members for Dublin on your side? or will you have the members for the g eat towns of Glasgow, Manchester, Leeds. Bristol, or Liverpool, or. indeed, any town with above 20,000 inhabitants'? (oli, oh, end cheers. I defy you to shew that you can (airly reckon on a single supporter from any town of im portance in lite kingdom, containing 25,000 people, (oh, oh.) I will tell you you have not a town containing 25,000 inhabitants with you, (loud cries ol "oh, oh, and " Bristol and Liverpool.") No, you liavo neither Bristol nor Liver- pool with you, (renewed disapprobation | and cheers.) It shews plainly you have not weighed the matter as you are bound to weigh it ; and i caution you not to be led away by men who greet you with noisy applause, and who in this resem ble the schoolboy, who whistles when passing through a churchyard at night, to keep up his courage, cheers. Go into lads; your leaders that were have weighed these facts, and you have none amongst you worthy to be your leaders now, unless tltey well weigh these facts, citeets. You will have, it is true, the pocket boroughs and the nomination counties. Will you set these totes &£&'nsi the votfso members who re present London, South Lancashire, West Yorkshire, North Cheshire, and Lanca shire, with the whole of the large towns? Not one member for one of the large icwtu will vote with you, hear. What would be your position ? Why, you would shrink aghast at the view of your position, hear. II members came for ward under such circumstances, and made an attempt to maintain the exist ing corn laws, wl.cn t fie public wete determined to have them repealed — I say the members lor Chippenham, Ripon, and Siamfotd, if they adopted this course, would hold their seats on sufferance, and would fi:I them no longer than the country, finding you will not give way to moral force, sltou'd determine to place them in ano ther schedule A. Now, is not thai public opinion ? I tell you such an amount of pubhc opinion is sufficient to do anything in tip's country. Had there been the same amount nf public opinion m 17-15 in favour of Charles Stuart, his descendants would have been at litis moment sitting rn the throne. But you will probably tell rne that these elections do not express the opinions of the mass of the people. Rather democratic that, I think. What evidence have you that the great mass of the people arc not with us? Will you go the old Saxon mode ol ascertaining the opini ins of the coun try, by calling public meetings? If there is any foundation lor public opi nion, it is in these public meetings. Call your public meetings then, I sty, to support your corn laws. Call one. I challenge you to call one anywhere, I will remind honorable gentlemen that with respect to the counties, representa- tion is altered. The £50 tenants at will have quite ahcrel the'old county repre sentation (hear). We never used to hear, twenty years ago, of requisitions gut up i.i (avor of a particular member by tenant farmers (hear). The reqirisi- lion used to emanate frnm the freehold ers. But you introduced into the Reform Act, by a great mistake, a c'ause inno vating upon the old constituent system, and giving tenants at will the power ol voting (hear). Do you mean to tell me that the votes of the tenant farmers will represent pnblic opinion ? I say nut (hear). I'll put it to you Candidly — Is it not an understood piece of eriquettc, that a candidate is not to canvas a county until lie lias obtained thesanctinn of the' landlords? no, and cheers. Was he to understand that it was not the rule of etiquette to canvass the tenantry of a large estate without first getting the consent of the landlord (cries of "no, no"). I only only heir two or th ee fa nt noes (loud cries of " no, no," and laughter), and therefore I >nv (lie ayes have it. I wish you to bear this in mind, that rite country will not be governed by any combination of landlords and tenants (" oh," and cheers.) You must be aware ol the numbers in which your power rests. 1 50,000 tenants are the basis ol your political power. I hare analysed the matter, and I sty your power is based on 150,000 tenants. Now try on the opposition to this measure for three years if you like. There is a p'an in operation much maligned by you, and still more maligned in another place, ami lite more the shoe pinches the more they wince (" oh. oh,"). I say we are calling into exercise the true old English constitu tional franchise of five centuries anti quity; and wc intend tn countervail tlmse innovations of yours in the Relorm Hill (opposition cheers). You think tiiere is simething revolutionary in this (cheers Irom the agricultural members), but yon aretiie innovators and tevolulionisls who introduced this new franch'se into the Reform Act. However, I believe il is perfectly understood by the longest heads of your party that we have the power out of doors. Now, hare you ever fkiMiivlil r. I i l.la still laea I li in It 1 1 r f ltd money infested in lhe Savings Banks, laid out at better interest in the purchase ol freehold property, would give qualifi cations to more than your 150,000 te nant farmers? You may misrepresent the circumstance, ar.d say the League is purcltasing votes and giving them away, but we are not quite so rich a?, that. Be assured, however, that if you could prolong this contest tiiree or four years, which you cannot do (opposition cheers), let it come to the worst, we have the means in our power — we are prepared lor it — we have the money subscribed for the purpose, and we are prepared to meet this difficulty and overcome (Cheers.) Now let it be understood that all litis extraneous matter has not been introduced by me. Tliedebote h is been taken on the question of dissolution. Nobody can complain of my ever having intioluced irrelevant matter into the question of the corn-laws. I will 'e'l you what my thoughts were as I sat reading your debates day after day. As I read, my old friends and acquaintances, the fallacies which were knocked on the head seven years ago, came up one after another as rife as ever, and I said, " What fun there will be for ad the fus tian jackets in the north o' England when they read these debates." (Laughter.) Why you are perfectly unconscious that all the world lias been laughing at you tluring these debates. (Laughter.) De pendence upon foreigners ! Why, who in the world ever supposed ''lal 'hat long buried ghost would have risen again ? Dependence upon foreigners ! The drain of gold ! Wages rising and falling with the price ol bread ! Throwing land out of cultiva tion ! Buying corn here to sell at twenty-five shillings per quarter ! (Laughter.) You forgot that the great mass ol the people here take a very dif ferent view of these matters, They formerly, six or seven yens ego, mil give in to your reiterated assurances that wages did rise and fall with the price of bread. You bad a very good clap-trap against us, the manufactured in asserting that we wanted to reduce wages. The working-classes, not be lieving that wages rise and faff with the price of bread, when you tell them that thev may have corn at 25s. per quarter, instead of being frightened rub their bauds, and expect to save more money with bread at half-price. And then, as to the danger of throwing the land out cultivation; the men in the south ol England have got over that, lor they say then we shall get our land for potato gardens at a half.penny a " lug" iustead ol paying 3dor5d. Tltey are not at all alarmed about it, Tltese fallacies have been all disposed cf, and if you had lived more in lite world, more in public opinion, and less within that charmed circle which you think the world, but which is really nothing of the kind — if you had attended less to the excitement of your clubs — less to that buoyoncy which arises from your talking to each oilier nf the effects of a smart speech with which yon have assailed the minister— if you would leave off that kind of child's play and study the feel ings and intelligence of the country, you woit'd not ink as you have talked lor the last eleven days. Now w-tli re gard to the fanners. — I have taken as much pains as anybody to teach the fartntrs, but I wiil not deny that a large portion of the farmers carry out the views of lite landowner. And I will tell you the reason. They are like children bhtidlolded, iv liu have been told by their nurses that if they stir they will lull down some hideous precipice, or that some old hojie wou'd catch them (laughter). If the landowners would say to the farmers this is a landl uds' question, and we w-ll keep you harmless whetever happens, the farmers would be peilectly easy and willing to receive free trade. (Hear, hear, hear. I do not think, generally speaking, that the far mers believe all that you have been tell ing them : and I'll tell you why I don't myself. I believe that farms will let now at rents as high as ever. Now there is something very remarkable in this. Since the right honorable baronet pro posed his measures I linve directed my attention especially to this point, nnd I think it is conclusive, and solres many of the difficulties which exist. I have enquired of land agents of landed pro prietors, of lawyers, has the land suf fered any depreciation in value in conse quence of this measure? It is a re markable thing that while s 'me articles have been rendered almost unsaleable, land is actudly letting and selling at higher prices than ever. I will give you an example. 1 will mention a case, and the honorable member for Somersetshire will perhaps, corroborate my statement. Mr Goidon is a near neighbour of the honorable gentleman, Mr Gordon has sixty tenant farme.son his properly, and he made them an offer that lie would, if they chose, take their fjrms off their hands at Lady-day. Yesterday was the last day of giving notice nf acceptance of It's offer. Yet not one farmer had accepted the proposal. There is another instance. It is the statement of a gen tleman in the city, an eminent solicitor, who for a number of years has been large'y interested in landed property. It states that he has fur many years been engaged in the management of landed properly, in the purchasing and letting of estates indifferent counties, and tliat he is at the present lime negociating for the renewal ol leases of lands in Bed fordshire, Hertfordshire, and Essex. He states that in the latter county a tenant who had rented 500 acres under lease fur fou'teen yeats at a rent rather high, his now offered to renew the lease for IntirinAti vpnrc nt nn iiirrpaso nf n»nt nf 15 per cent, and agreeing to under- drain two thirds of the land, the pro prietor furnishing t fie draining tiles (hear). He slates that the tenant ac knowledges that the cnltivation of the farm may be greatly improved as to in- increase the rent ; that lie has another occupation than that of farming, and can, therefore, live without hislarms; antl that he is a protectionist in words ant! a supporter of Sir John Tyrell (hear I and laughter) ; and in consequence of lite rumour that this farm was <0 be let, offers had been given in for it by eight or ten most respectable tenants A voice — " What part of Essex!" The gen tleman then alludes to Herefordshire, and stales that he is renewing the leases ol three large farms in that county a' an increased rent, covenanting lor a greater extent of under-draining. In Bedfordshire he has negociated for the letting of two moderate farms with the same result. On application being made for one of them, he stated that the following conversation took place between him and the tenant : — " I un derstand you have the letting of L 's larm ?" — " I have." " I should 1 ke to make an offer." " You are, 1 presume, n farmer?" — " Yes, and I have sulfitjient capital." " You know the rent paid by the present tenant'"— " Yes, 1 do; but as there is no longer to be protection for corn, I hope you will consider that in fixing the rent." Pray, Mr. — — — , what, in your judgment, will be the effect of a tepeal of the corn laws?" — "It will be the awakening up of thousands of farmets who have been hitherto asleep," (much laughter). — " Well, but wirii respect to the land there must he a covenant for better cultivation and under-dra ning." — "It is my intention to underdrain if the landlord finds the tiles."— "Tell me, if I am right in supposing that under an improver! cultivation one-third more corn cm be grown, and that of a better ( sample?"—" No doubt you ore right." — " Then if I am right, what litvo you fear Irom the abolition of the corn laws?" — " Nothing at all." (La-iglner and cheers.) Now this person has taken the farm at an increased rent, and has undertaken to underdrain it, the landlord finding the tiles. (A cry ol (name.) The honorable gentleman may be able to say whether this is a fair s'atement or not ; but I will put it to urni, or to any onp, whether he is pre pared to sell his estate now for a sum one farthing less than that for which he would have sold it twelve months ago. (hear). The country looks upon pro tection to corn in the same light as it looks upon the protection of witchcraft — namely, that it is a mere delusion, and it no more regards your protection and precautions against free trade, than it does the horse-shoe nailed on the stable door as a protection against witch craft (laugbtei). The people laugh to scorn all your argument. Can protec tion add, think you, to the wealth ol the country? Can you by legislation add one farthing to that wealth ? You miy by the legislation of one evening destroy the fruits of centuries of labour (loud cries ol hear, hear, from t lie agricultural members). Yes; but I defy you to show me how you can by legislation in this House add one farthing to the wealth of the country. That wealt It springs from the industry and intelligence ol the people. You cannot guide that intelligence. You cannot do belter than leave it to its own instincts (hear ). Honorable gentlemen may think thai I have spoken haishly on this occasion. I wish to see them pome to a better con clusion, I verily believe il tltey divested themselves of their prejudices, we might all be free traders tips very year. There were but two things to prevent this — the belief of sinister interests, and the in capacity to understand the propositions of political economy (oh, oh). There are many heads which cannot compre hend the proporiiions of political economy. To do so, I believe, is the highest attainment of the human in tellect, and lor surpasses any attainments in the exact sciences. But, excepting these two nccidents, I dely yon, il you look around, to avoid coming lo rite conclusions ol Adam Smith. Why should we not agree ? I want lo triumph lot the Anti-Corn-Liw League. I want yoH to agree unanimously to put an end to the system. Come, ltt us have a large ftee tiade meeting in Manchester — come, let us confer together— let us see if we cannot do something belter for the good of out common country than the carrying on this strife of rlasses (cheers) — let us recojnise this principle, that we must nut tax others for the benefit of ourselves (hear). Above all tilings, divest all luttire crime ministers from this moment ol the responsibility of regulating the supply of food in this country. Mark me, you will not again find a prime minister of this country wlto will undertake that most fearful responsibili'Y. It belongs to God and nature, and those laws of trade, which, as Burke said, are the laws of God and nature, and to them ouly it belongs to regulate the supply of food and every every other commodity fur the gootl ol mankind. I ask honorable members to look these matters lairly in lite lace, and I have no doubt that when it shall be seen that the repeal of the corn laws, at the end of three years, is inevitable, yon will be as anxious to meet the whites of the people, anil put an end to this strife, put an end to agitation, and uissolve ihe League, «s in good faith you will dissolve it. loud cheers. We are on the eve of a very great change, loud cheers. Put yourselves in a posi tion to participate in the «ork, and help I r\ witirln a n r! A/snfrnul it frt r 1111110111' find fame are to be gained by those who set the example. You belong to a race, not of a mere privileged aristocracy, but to an aristocracy of intelligence, ol pro gress and improvement. Wc have set the world the example in all great improvements. The rules and regula tions of this house have become the models for every deliberative assembly (loud cheers-) We have given the world a free press ; we have giren it civil and religious freedom (renewed cheers), and eveiy institution which belongs to liberty and civilization (con tinued cheering ;) and now we are going to give it another example greiter ilmn all. (Cheers and counter cheers.) Yes, wc are going to set the wnild the ex ample ol making industry free, of giving mankind the full advantage of eveiy clime, of every latitude; we are going, in fact, to teach the world another great lessen. (Cheers ) Do not think there is any thing selfish or any tiling discordant with Christian principle in this. I shall show you that it is the highest test of Chrisrianity to buy in the cheapest and sell in the deirrst market : for what does that mean ? To go to the country where an article is cheap, because it is abundant, and carry it to a countiy where it is scarce. Thus equalising the bounties ol Divine Pro vidence, and giving to mankind the ful'est enjoyment of the earth's goods, and in so doing, you will be carrying out to its fullest extent the Christian doctrine ol doing to others as you would tltey should do to you. (Loud cheer ing) Mr Spooner spoke against the minis terial measure. Mr P. Borthwick spoke in favour of the abolition of the system of protec tion. Lord G. Bentinck said, vicious as he thought the measure, deeply injurious to all the great interests of the coun'ry, he should think half its vice removed if it could be carried in this Parliament without loss ol honor, loss of character and loss of influence of many of the gentlemen who sat on this side ol the house. The uoble lord then combated some of the statements made by Sir R. Peel respecting the beneficial effect which had followed the reduction ol the duties on silk and other articles. They had been challdnged to show how they could feed the people. He was pre pared lo show them that all the grea' improvements in agriculture had taken place under the influence and encourage meat of protection. Between 1801 and 1821, no fewer than 3,000,000 acres ol land had been enclosed, and the pro duce had been gradually increased. In 1821, the produce of an acre was only seventeen bushels. In 1840 it had in creased to 2G bushels, and in 1844 to 28 bushels. That would show that the increase of produce had kept pace with the increase of population. Produce would still further be increased by the application of the gu ino which had been receutiy impoited for the purpose ol the agriculturists. He had shown that hitherto they had contrived to feed the people ; but hid thev no waste land ? (hear, hear ) The United Kingdom contained fifteen million acres of waste land. Tltey had been told that they wanted free trade lo waken ihein up. He was afraid to weary the house, or he could prove on the testimony ol Eng lish, French, nnd American authorities, that while in England we raised twenty- eight bushels of wheat an acre, in France they only produced fourteen ; in Holland twenty-three bushels; and — - — - - ' - - - - in America fifteen, (loud cries of " Di vide.") One word more and he had dene. They had been cal'ed a " proud aristocracy ;" and he trusted that they would tlmt night prove their " pride," by preserving their honour, nnd that, alter having turned out the Whigs in the year 1841, they would" show that they were now incnpoble of double dealing, betraying their constituents, and delud ing the country (loud and prolonged cheers.) No oilier honorable member having risen to address the house, strangers were ordered to withdraw at twenty minutes before three o'clock. The house '.hen divided. The numbers were — For, the Amendment.... 240 Fur the original motion . . 337 Majority in favour of go vernment 97 The announcement of the numbers was followed by loud and continued cheers fr-m the opposition. The committee was appointed for Monday, and the house adjourned at a quarter past three. 