GEfiLONG CATHOLIC CHURCH. Last Wednesday, at noon, the hour appointed for llio interesting cereinouy of laying (ho foundation stone of the intended Catholic Church of St. Alary of An gels, Geelong, -to\v(Ih be^nn (o assemble withiu-tlie Church ground, amongst whom were pointed out lo us numbers from the adjacent villages, itnd especially from ihe Barrahonl Hills. We also observed tlie well-trained Band of ihe Melbourne Teetotallers, with a considerable number of the respectable mem bers of the Catholics of Melbourne, as well as several influential Protestants who could be distinguished in the throng. Although up lo 11 o'clock I lie weather was most promising, a little before noon clouds began to gather, and the rain soon fell in tor rents; neveriheless, the Very Rev. P. B. Geoj,' hegan, the Celebrant, accompanied hy tlio Hey. Richard Walsh, incumbent of the district, in their ecclesiastical costume, and With their attendants iu surplices, proceeded lo the front of the intended Church, and commenced the ceremonials. The usual forms prescribed by the Catholic ritual were observed. The most of the recitations, &c;, in Latin/were translated by the Very ilev. Celebrant, and were very impressive, amongst others the 83rd Psalm, ?' Bow lovely are thy Tabernacles, O Lord ol Hosts;' the Litanies, the 1361b Psalm, ' Unless the Lord build the House, in vain do they labor who strive to build it up,' lo which the congregation an swered in alternate parts. In' a small cavity pre pared in tbe foundation stone, was deposited a bottle hermetically sealed, containing a parchment scroll, of which the following is a copy : — SancUe Man's Angelorum, Lapideni KccIchc priiiiaiium, Patiitius Uonavetilura Geogliegun, Vicarius Fotaneiii ? ? ? Posuit, Auguni die XiX., A. I). 1816, , Geogoria XV]., Pont. Max. ; Joanne lieda, ArchiepTscopo Sjdnieo ; Ricardo WeUh Parocho, ' Victoria Regina, fclicwcuiiue reguaute, Carblo Augusto Fitz Roy, Equite, Viceiu Kegiam Gerente, Carolo Josepbo La Trobe, ProWncite Frcefccto, Samuelo Jackson, Arcbiteeto. tiunsLition ;— , This first noue of the Church of St. Mary of AugeU, ? Patrick Bonatemure Utcghcgan, Vicar Jforan, . J-id, on the 19th duy of August, 1816, Id the Pontificate of His Holiness Gregory XVI, ' Vnder the jurisdiction of Julm Bede, Lord Archbishop of Sydney, , Richard Walsh, Parish Priest, Id the happy reign or Queen Victoria, Sir Charles Augustus Fitzroy, Governor, Bi» lionor Cliarlet Joseph La Trobe, Superintendent, : Samuel Jackson, Architect. The clergyman, in laying the stone, said impres sively — ?? la the faith of Jesus Christ, we place ibis first. -etone in this foundation , in the name of the Father, and of tbe Son and of tbe Holy Ghost, that the true failh and tbe: fear of God, aud brotherly love tnay here flourish, and that Ibis place way be Ap propriated toprayerand to the calling upon and prais ib'g.of tbe name of the tame Jesus Christ oar Lord, SiftS; 'wftuib'e Father and llie Son fiVeit and,rcigDMeit. Cqcj, without end, Anien.' Tlie rain by no meant abated, still hundreds bf persons ton tin tied to assist in the tereifiiiny WitH tbe tiirnost attention arid 'devotion'. Tlie ci,eriyn)nn'»W assemblage .having ulliiiMlely taken fthefler.jn the temporary chapel, the Very liev. P. «. Gfeoguegdh | Bfcended the altar steps and addressed the auiticticis, taking his itefct frotii Matbew 24th diap'te'r and 14Vd Vertfe— ' An') Mis 'gospel pJF the kingdom shall be p'reacned in tlie whole World for a testimony to all nations , and then shall the consnhiniation come.' Tbe pVechar referred td the continuous falfifrnWt W tbe t'ext, ttaiiptng tlie ce'recnpriy just perlfoVijie'd as a fcappy instance, and congratulating his audience on being selected by Providence as the taslrament to spread the faith in this new coubtrjL ?' AtlracliU;' ibid he, ' by the fejrlHity bf IB* loft, the salafirUy of ilie climpfe, and (lie prospect of an ampje, reward for y/our industry; you. have located yourselves orer this beautiful district, and adopted it us your country StiU your bo We. Heaven has followed y'6'u- eifterjprises with all tlie abundant temporal blessings top which you hoped ; tut the lore of Hea ven has bad in these very enterprises on your part, designs far more beneficial than all that this favored country could bestow, or your diligence or virtue's could obtain. God fixed tbe faith of the gospel in your hearts, and has brought you safely over thou sands and thousands of miles of perilous seas, that you might plant the gospel in this climate, so newly inhabited, even so newly known, that bj being ex amples of trpe faith, of genuine charily, you might become means of salvation not only to yourselves and children, but to generations yet unborn. . It is in £' ursuarice of this grand and heavenly object that we ave assembled here to day, to lay the foundation stone of our intended temple to the living God.' The rev. gentleman then entered into n scriptural exposition of the lending doctrines of the Church, anil concluded a highly eloquent discourse by an iin pasbioned appeal to the generous zeal of his audience, the effect of which can be best estimated by the fact bf £223 in caeii being collected on the spot. The plan of the church is chastely Gothic, to be built of cut stone. At present it is intended to erect the nave only, and roof it in for divine service ; the rest to be completed according to the convenience of funds. The site is every way tilosl excellent, sur passing even the well chosen sites of the other adja cent ecclesiastical structure*,. . commanding a most ample view of the beautiful Day of Oorio, and when completed, the St. Mary's Church must have a very imposing appearance, when it first bursts upon the sight of persons coming up the bay. The visitants from Melbourne returned in the Aphrasia, after the ceremony, the concourse assem bled departed, and thus terminated the proceedings' bf the day .—P. P. Paper. 