" WHEN ROGUES FALL OUT," &c.; It would be somewhat difficult to de cide to whom our acknowledgements, for his Excellency's recent conciliatory policy towards Pott Phillip, pro- perly belong ; whether to Sir George or " the faction" — for it is perfectly clear that per se, we should get nothing from either of them — we should have heard nothing of " a difficulty t presenting itself in fixing the principle upon which" fourteen thousand pounds' of ..Port Phillip revenue "should be. expended." The heat of contest has, I/fce the wood that grows precious in burning, made his Excellency's policy " give out all its sweets" in a manner most unex pected. The collision of the two bodies has struck out something for Port Phil lip, although the spark was involuntary; His Excellency finding his opponents forcing his position, opened Port Phillip on their rear — the effect was electric — the ' enemy had pressed too hotly in pursuit to be able to retreat with safety, and saw their error when too late to re trieve it. Let us not however be un grateful, as whatever benefit results to this province, it will be as much the act of the Council as of the Government ; the latter makes a concession to revenge which it has hitherto refused to justice His Excellency's " compunctious visit- ings" come like the ghost in Hamlet, "in a most questionable shape," and certainly at a most questionable period : is it that he is penitent at the . eleventh hour, .or that lie does not hate us less, but his tormentors more ? However, without looking this gift horse in the mouth, we must say that the Port Phil lip part of bis financial minute was " a most palpable hit," there was more in it than the mere preservation of our monies' from Sydney spoliation — there was the admission of the justice of one of our fundamental arguments for Separation. Finding bullying at a discount, the opposition slide into the wheedle, and indignantly p>og- nosticate the rejection by the Port Phillippians of fourteen thousand pounds, because llicy have been plun dered of hundreds of thousands — like the fox in the fable, having lost their own tails, they invite u3 to follow the fashion. The honorable member for St. Vincent " cautions" us against " this delusive offer" of fourteen thou sand pounds — " delusive" in the ho nourable member's opinion, because it is not to be filched from us for Sydney purposes. It will require even more eloquence than that accredited to the said member, to reconcile a community to the policy of being plundered. But placing Mr Lowe's picture of Spartan self denial in the most favourable light, we are at a loss to discover upon what principle he can expect us to realise his dreams. For what earthly purpose should Port Phillip co-operate with the demagogues of the middle district? could the latter expect us to be such idiots as to strengthen a power that has, ab ovo, been exerted to our detri ment? His Excellency has been im measurably the greater friend, or rather the least unscrupulous enemy, to Port Phillip — and if our alliance be deserved by either party, to the government it is unquestionably due. Both powers, the council and the government, have been guilty of heartless oppression towards us — but this fact is no argument why we should recoil from the proffered protec tion of one — which, by that very protec tion, is shielding us from the assaults of the other. From the council, it were un pardonable folly to expect other than the policy of pillage to which we have been subjected from the beginning. At every Session indications of resolute hostility and misrepresentation of our wants and wishes, ooze out : the Sepa ration struggle started the unworthy de termination which hasacquired encreased momentum through subsequent Sessions —nay it is but a few days since that Mr. Wentworth declared, in the debate upon Mr. Brewster's motion, that Sydney was a sufferer by her connection with Port Phillip ! this too, in the face of the known fact, that this Province has for tho last seven years paid the Middle District the tribu'e of one hundred pounds per diem, for Sydney protection. What can be hoped from the sense of justice of a faction,' whose chief, like those Big worded bullies, who by quarrels live Who give the lie, and tell the lie tbey give, who could calmly give uterance to a falsehood so gross and unprovoked ? yet this is the "league" to whose, caprices we are invited to devote the sum of fourteen thousand pounds ! Why. the Governor has now thought it expedient to act the good , Samaritan, it is not necessary to enquire— he is willing to do so, and we should shew our sense of his conduct. Let a public meeting be convened, and the expres sion of public opinion prove to His Ex cellency, that we are not unmindful of this,' his first, act of grace. x I 