I WINDSOR NOT ETON GRAMMAR. CERTAIN political and grammatical purists have assailed Sir Robert Peel for faulty composition in his letters to the Queen. Their jealous regard to the Queen's English is very praiseworthy and constitutional. It is not to be tolerated that the Premier should utter spurious idioms; and it must be confessed that if Sir Robert Peel were had up in class he must plead guilty to some infractions of syntax : we can convict him of a superfluous being." But the censors set one upon looking further, and asking if the rival boy deserves a prize for composition? Let us have up John Russell -the essayist, the dramatic poet, the historian. John has grown sadly negligent since he rose to be so high in his class, and really he deserves that Robert should " take him down." It is recorded of Bowyer, the schoolmaster at Christ's Hospital, that when a big boy ventured to present any very atrocious composition, the pedagogue made a practice of throwing it out to the school, crying " Here, boys, is something to amuse you." The public will find Lord John's exercises in composition very amusing. Behold a sample, from his second letter Those who have served your Majesty and your Royal predecessor in Cabinet offices during the Administra- tions of Lord Grey and Lord Melbourne, who were now in political connexion with Lord John Russell, were consulted by him: They agreed on the principles by which they would be guided in framing a measure for the repeal of the Corn-law s. Thus one great difficulty was surmounted. But as the party which acts with Lord John Russell is in a minority in both Houses of Parliament, it was necessary to ascertain how far they were likely to obtain the support of Sir Robert Peel. Here are divers entertaining puzzles. First, who are " who" in the third line ? Does the word designate Lord Grey and Lord Melbourne, or the previous " those who." What sense is to be understood in " were now?" Whom does the loss "they" had- caterers at the Houses of Parliament, or Lord John's party, which " acts" and " is" ; or is it " those who" figure at the beginning of the sentence ? But it is the earlier letter which is the most fertile in these gems. The epigrammatic antithesis with which the following passage closes is quite in the smart schoolboy style ; but so much cannot be said for the sentences which lead to it But upon maturely weighing the second proposal namely, that by which duties would, after a suspension, a temporary repeal, be re-imposed and again diminished, there appear to him to he grave objections to such a measure. The advantage given thereby to the land appears to him more apparent than real ; the uncertainty of prices in future years will be aggravated, and the prospect of a complete free trade would be still kept in the distance ; the prospect alarming the farmer, and the distance irritating the merchants and manufacturers. Here the ancient scholar sets out with " maturely weighing," postponing the nominative of that process to Borne future opportunity in penning the sentence; but as he goes on the venerable boy quite forgets his suspended no- minative, and it never appears. Who is 'I weighing?" We ask in vain the nomina- tive case has become for us the vocative-that is, something only to be called for, not named. He also facetiously tells us that a certain thing " appeared to him to be " apparent." This looks very doubtful, whether in grammar or philosophy; but it can be justified by evidence drawn from natural history. Ghosts when " appear" in order " to be apparent ;" for it is in many cases impossible to guess at any other motives for the appearance than the simple apparently. Also, after maturely studying" the text of Virgil, the " rare names" appear to be "apparent." At least, with deference to Lord John's opinion on the subject, such appears to us to be apparently, the apparent meaning of the appearance. Lord John talks with a refined distinction of an " uncertainty which " will" and a " prospect" which " would ;" making the prospect sub junctirely uncertain and the uncertainty indi catively certain. Some would have made the distinction more superficially apposite by in- verting it others would not have have drawn the distinction at all but Lord John, in his lectures to Queen Victoria manages most artfully " to blend amusement with instruc- tion." In the next passage, the historian of the British Constitution mentions some persons who " who entirely participate ;" which raises a delightful puzzle to know in what lies the en- tirely, in what the partiality, whether the participators took all of that in which they took part ; or whether they formed the whole of that in which they were parts ; or whether but the passage will be an inexhaustible fund of delight to future commentators, it is open to such an infinity of interpretations. Lord John's letter abounds in appearances : here is one more Had the harvest been plentiful and corn cheap, it might have been very advisable to have diminished the duties gradually, but the restoration of a duty after suspension has all the appearance of the re-enactment of a protective lan-. The art with which the writer insinuates the antediluvian nature of the condemned proposition, by piling up preterpluperfect upon pretefpluperfect, and talking of it in an ultra preterpluperfect tense, is very ingenious ; but what strikes us is the irresistible logic of the passage. That the restoration of a protective duty looks like the re-enactment of a protective law, is incontestable. It is that incontrovertible conclusion in argument called an identical proposition. Queen Victoria, sic farmer, cannot abide bad English, or bad grammar, even in the humblest of her attendants. Now, though John may not have been strong enough for the [place" of Premier, he might supply one desideratum in the Royal Household : let him be engaged to teach grammar and composition to the footmen and lady's maid. 