LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THURSDAY, MAY 14. THE SPEAKER took the Chair at half-past three. COMPENSATION. Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition from Mr. W. H. Belcher, clerk of Petty Sessions for the town of Melbourne, and also for the county of Bourke, stating that his salary as appointed by Government was £150 per annum, but that it had subsequently been reduced by the Corporation of Melbourne to £120, end praying the Council as they had afforded compensation to the clerks of the Sydney Police Office, they would address his Excellency to place a sum on the estimates, for compensation of the re- ductions to which he had been subjected, and restore his salary to is former footing. The petition was lead and received. TRADE TO VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. Mr. WENTWORTH presented a petition from forty-one master and journeymen tanners and carriers of the City of Sydney; praying that the House would take steps to amend the Act regulating the importations of merchandise from Van Diemen's Land. The petition stated that as the law at present stood, the merchandise of Van Diemen's Land was looked upon as foreign merchandise, and J as such had been subjected to an ad valorem duty of ten per' cent. This had led to great frauds in the trade for kangaroo skins, which prevailed. In Van Diemen's Land from the abundance of the animal, the advantages of convict labour, and the abundance of the tan procurable there, the article of kangaroo skins was obtainable both cheaper and of better quality than it was in New South Wales and whilst the very worst quality of skins were sent up in the regular way of trade, in order to avoid the duty, the better article was forwarded to Sydney in packages pretending to contain very different articles, and it was to stop these frauds that the petitioners had applied to the Council, The petition was read and received. PUBLICANS' BILL. Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice, that he would move on Tuesday next for leave to bring in a Bill for the better regulation of the sale and consumption of spirituous and fermented Liquors. THE ADDRESS. The COLONIAL SECRETARY informed the Speaker, that in compliance with the resolution of the House, the Colonial Treasurer and himself had waited upon His Excellency the Governor, who had appointed Friday at half-past two to receive the Address of the Council. The SPEAKER expressed a wish that as many members would attend as possible. I GOVERNMENT BUSINESS. The COLONIAL SECRETARY gave notice that he would move, on Tuesday next, that Wednesdays and Thursdays he the days appointed for the consideration of the Government business during the session. BUSHRANGING ACT. The COLONIAL SECRETARY gave notice that he would move, on Wednesday next, for leave to bring in a Bill for the renewal of the Bushrangers' Act, for the term of two years. STANDING ORDER COMMITTEE. The COLONIAL SECRETARY gave notice that on Tuesday next, he would move the re appointment of the Standing Order Committee. LIBRARY COMMITTEE. Dr. NICHOLSON gave notice, that he would move, on Tuesday next, for the re appointment of the Library Committee. CORRESPONDENCE COMMITTEE. Mr. COWPER gave notice, that he would move, on Tuesday next, for the re- appointment of the Committee of Correspondence, with the Honorable Francis Scott, the Parliamentary Agent of the Council. AUCTIONEERS' LICENSE BILL. Mr. COWPER moved for leave to bring in a Bill to regulate the Licensing of Auctioneers' and the collection of Duties on property sold by auction. In making this motion, he would merely state the Bill was the same in all its details as the one he had introduced the previous session. At that period the Council did not feel itself prepared to legislate on the subject, and the matter was referred to a select Committee. That Committee did not react in time to allow the measure to be I carried last session ; but the evidence taken fully bore out the necessity Such a measure, I and all his experience and observation since had tended to convince him that the Bill was one which would effect great good to the community at large. Recent events had only tended the more to confirm the opinion that night auctions were a nuisance, and should be repressed and another Operation of the Bill was, that it would tend to make the class engaged in the auction trade more respectable. The principle of the Bill was that which had been adopted by Sir Robert Peel, namely, to raise the license fee and to decrease the duties. He was of the opinion of some other gentlemen in that House, who thought the duties might be advantageously abolished altogether ; but though he hoped such a result would be ultimately obtained, he was willing to take the reduction proposed in the Bill is one step toward it.- The effect on the duties of Customs which has been produced by the late reduction of the duties on spirits, would perhaps have induced the government to believe that it was not the highest duties that were most conducive to revenue. Mr. ROBINSON seconded the motion. The COLONIAL SECRETARY had very few observations to make on the motion, as he entirely concurred in the principle of the measure, although there are safe east to details in which, when it arrived at a committee, he should propose to make some slight alterations. But he did think that, for an experi- ment, the reduction ] dressed in the Bill, which would reduce the present duties to one third their amount, was as much as prudence would warrant. After such reduction had been made and found to operate beneficially, it would not be difficult, if necessary, to repeal the remaining duty. Leave was then granted, and the Bill was brought in read a first time, and ordered to be printed, and read a second time on Friday THE JUDGES' POWERS OF TAXATION AND LEGISLATION. Mr. COWPER moved, that a Select Committee be appointed to complete the inquiry which was commenced during the last session, into the extent and exercise of the powers of legislation and taxation possessed by the Judges of the Supreme Court. The Committee appointed last session found the field of enquiry so wide, that, although they had taken a large mass of most valuable evidence, found that they would be unable to complete the enquiry, far less to report that given. They had, therefore, determined on reporting the progress they had made formally to the House, with a view to a motion being made for the re- appointment of the Committee during the present session and it was with this view that he now made his motion. Mr. LAMB seconded the motion. After some discussion as to a point of order at the suggestion of the COLONIAL SECRETARY, Mr. COWPER amended his motion, for the reappointment of the Committee of the past session. ...VThe motion SO amended was carried. JURY LAWS. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL postponed his motion for leave to bring in a Bill to con- solidate and amend the Jury Law till Tuesday next. THE SPEAKERSHIP. The SPEAKER then rose and said, it was his wish with the permission of the House to address a few words to honorable members. It was, in need, his intention to have done so on the day which closed their last session ; but it happened on that day an honorable member had introduced a document concerning which some discussion arose, in the midst of which His Excellency was announced, and thus his wish and intention on that occasion were frustrated. Since that period his health had much declined, and he had been advised by friends to resign the of Hi co he held OF Speaker of their House, a conclusion he must own, which he himself had previously arrived at. He was certain from the kind and gentlemanly feeling with which he had always been received by the House that they would permit him, a few words of explana- tion on that occasion. (Hear hear.) He had mentioned his intention to a few friends, and the report had got abroad and had found its way to the newspapers, and from them to the members of the House. He had been waited on by several influential members of their House, who had represented to him, that if it was consistent with the circumstances of his health and advancing years he would not resign he did not conceal that this intimation had afforded him pleasure, as he had anticipated that the tidings of his intended withdrawal from the office would have afforded pleasure rather than pain. (No, no, no, from both sides of the House. It was matter of the deepest gratulation to himself to think, to feel that not only had his conduct obtained the approval of his friends, but that it had conciliated those who were formerly opposed to him, and who had joined in the expression of regret at his' retirement. (Hear, hear, hear.) This was a pleasure which it was impossible for him to describe- the motion which had been placed on the paper for the day, hythe honorable and learned member for Sydney, was, as they knew, for an exceeding increase in the salary of the office to which he had had the high honour to be elected. The honorable and learned member would do him the justice to state, that when he had called upon him to ask him to retain the Speak - airship, that he had declared in the most unequivocal manner, that if for the convenience of the House, he consented to retain the office for a short time, there must be no altera- tion, in the salary-that were any increase proposed and agreed to by the House he could not retain it for one hour. The infirmities of his advancing years, the ill-health he had alluded to, had convinced him that he could not longer fill that chair with satisfaction to himself and with advantage to the Council and the colony. Never, indeed, on any occasion had he felt those infirmities so much whilst presiding over their deliberations as during the discussion on the previous day. With the proviso then, that so far as it concerned himself, the honorable and learned member would alter VUB motion, he had consented, and would consent, to retain office until the Address had been carried up to His Excellency, when they might fix on some convenient time to proceed to the election of another Speaker. It was only left for him to return thanks to honorable gentlemen for the uniform kindness and courtesy which he had experienced at their hands. To have been elected the first Speaker of the first Representative Assembly of New South Wales, was the summit of honour to which his ambition had ever aspired. To them too, he might be permitted to convey his high sense of the talent, care and industry by which their deliberations had been characterised, and which had rendered the Council an honour to themselves and to the land of their adoption. One exception, indeed, there was to the conduct BO creditable to themselves, which he deeply regretted which was, the omission of hearing divine service previous to the despatch of business. He could have wished to have seen them adopt this practice, so universally followed in similar British assemblies, and he trusted yet they would reform the only fault which seemed to him to reflect discredit on the proceedings of the first representative Council of New South Wales. [The honorable gentleman, betrayed strong symptoms of emotion during his address, which was listened to with the deepest attention by the Council, and frequently interrupted by applause from members of all parties. Mr. WENTWORTH could of course have no objection to comply with the suggestion of the Honorable the Speaker in as far as the motion of which he had given notice had reference to him, and make it apply simply to future Speakers, and not to the honourable gentleman who at present holds the office. in common with every other member, he (Mr. Wentworth) must express the deep and un- feigned regret with which he listened to the intimation given by the honorable Speaker of his intention to resign office. It was, indeed, with feelings of sincere concern that he had learned that his increasing years, and the infirmity of health should induce him to take the step he had announced to the Council Perhaps, indeed, this expression of regret would come better from him than from any other member of the House for it would be remembered by the House, that in the opposition which had been made to the honorable gentleman's election, he (Mr. Wentworth) had taken the most active and conspicuous part. He had done so because from what he knew of him before, he did not think that he would have made the most fit and proper man to fill that chair and he trusted that the honorable Speaker himself would believe that on the opposition he gave to his election he had been actuated only by conscientious motives. He did not then believe that the office was then consigned to good hands ; but glad was he to state openly and unreservedly to the House, that he had been most agreeably disappointed J That he had been mistaken in his opinions, and that during the time the honorable gentleman had filled the Chair, his conduct had been unimpeachable, and his decisions marked by the strictest impartiality, the strictest integrity. Nor was it to his conduct as Speaker that he must confine his approval for on every occasion when he had been called up" to take part in the ordinary business of the House, his vote had been such as to ensure his entire confidence. He was most happy to make a such avowal, for he felt that it might be thought to come more gracefully. from him 1 than from any other member It had been truly stated by the right honorable gentleman, that when solicited to retain the office, he had unreservedly refused to do so if anything like ' ft propoSal of îrtôfôafié of calf?, either to make up the curtailments of his pension, which had been so unjustly made in England, or on any J other grounds, He would say that when he gave notice of the motion, he never contemplated including the present Speaker in it, but intended to apply exclusively to future Speakers. If, indeed, he had intended to com- private the right honorable gentleman for those unjust curtailments he had alluded to, he should have adopted a different course O the best of his belief and information, the case stood thus The honorable gentleman formerly held the Secretaryship of the Board of Transport, and on his retirement from it received a pension of £750. _ The pension he was allowed to retain with his salary of £2000 as Colonial Secretary of the Colony, which latter office he afterwards resigned. When the Council voted the salary they did, they never thought that the amount of pension would be reduced, but that the sum derivable to Mr. M'Leay would be made up to £1250. 'The English Government, however, had interfered, and declared that Mr. McLeay could not be allowed to receive more than the original amount of his salary ; so that in fact the loss to Mr. McLeay had been already £750, and if he retained office during the present session would amount to £1000. He too had been induced to vote the low salary because the pension had been made payable out of colonial funds. If, therefore, it had been his intention to obtain a vote of compensation from the House in favour of the Speaker, he should have applied for such an amount to be placed on the estimates for the purpose The question then was not connected in any way with the Speaker, but it was a question, whether the present salary given to the Speaker was a fit and proper salary for the office. He would advert to a circumstance in proof that he did not think the two amounts of £1250 were sufficient properly to maintain the dignity of the House. The Honorable the Speaker would recollect that shortly after his appointment he had invited the members of the Council, and that he, Mr. Wentworth, had declined his invitation on public grounds. That he did not think the salary they had given him was a dinner salary, but from the cramped state of the finances of the colony, they had been obliged to act niggardly in that Respect These were the only grounds he. had for declining that invita- tion, and he was aware that some other members of the House had the same opinion. Qiow he did think, that a gentleman occupying the position of Speaker of that Council, in the colony, ought to have a dinner salary ; nay, more, he thought he ought to have a house furnished him. He was of opinion that the ability to extend such hospitality as might be expected from a gentleman in his station, would tend greatly to the despatch of business, by softening down those asperities which were apt to spring up in the warmth of debate. (Laughter.) He was much surprised to hear honorable members laugh, for they could not be ignorant, that in England, at least, a dinner was always thought essential to the despatch of public business, What would one half the literary and charitable institutions be without their public dinners r-Why, those who came forward so liberally to support them with their countenance and purses, would soon leave them to languish and decay, He contended that such dinners would tend essentially to the despatch of the business of that Council, by the establishment of that harmony of feeling it was so desirable should prevail. (Renewed laughter.) If, he would ask, there was nothing more than the eating a dinner, why had the practice grown up at home; yet, it was well kn »vu that it was the practice of the Speaker of the House of Commons to give regular dinners to the members during the session it was not the mere dinners, for he would not suppose that the Members of Parliament wanted a dinner great laughter and in this colony, they might, in all probability, get a snuggery, warmer, and more comfortable dinner in their own houses than they could at the Speaker's ; but it was because these dinners were found useful in forwarding public business, that they J had become, as it were, an established part of the constitution. (Shouts of laughter.) In I their colony, where the members of the Legislature received no wages for their labours, where they were at a long distance from their abodes, it was only right and reasonable that the public should be at the expense. of entertaining them once or twice a week (Laughter) but it had been objected to his motion that the expenses of the Legislative Establishment of the colony were already large enough; but suppose that the members were allowed thirty shillings a day, as members of Congress were in America, or as the representatives were in Canada, taking the average of the duration of the session at four months it would, excluding the six official nominees, alone amount to £5000 a year. COLONIAL SECRETARY Why exclude the official nominees ? Mr. WENTWORTH, well ' he would let them in for a share ; but there certainly was a difference between the gentlemen who got salaries and those who got none. He must protest against the House being bound by what it had already done in respect of the Speakership. All it had to do was to consult its own dignity, and to act accordingly. Let them look to pre- cedents for their conduct in this particular. If the House had at the time suggested a more befitting salary, he believed the Government would have assented to it, and he would say the reason he had not himself suggested it, was that the honorable gentleman who had been elected to the office, had received a pension, which for a number of years was paid out of the revenue of the colony, instead of being paid out of the British Treasury, where alone it was justly chargeable. He did, therefore, I think that by the smaller salary they might be able to get a little back of the money which had been so improperly taken from them. He might too have had another reason in the feelings he then entertained towards the hon. gentleman elected. He might have thought that he was not called upon to stir in the matter, and that some of the supporters of the honorable gentleman were bound to do so. But whatever the reasons might be, what was done then, was not to deter them from placing the chair of that House on a proper footing with regard to salary. At the period the salary was fixed, the dilapidated state of the finances of the colony did call for the very strictest economy on the part of the Council's Those finances, however, were improved, and they might safely place the chair in a position more consistent with the dignity of the Council. Let them take the precedent of other countries, and be guided by that. In England the Speaker of the House of Commons was placed on a level with regard to salary with the Secretary of State. Previous to the resigna- tion of Mr. Manners Sutton, the salary was £6000 a year. But after the disolution of that Parliament the salary of the Secretaries of State were reduced from £6000 to £5000 per annum, and the Speaker's salary was reduced correspondingly. But this was not all that the Speaker enjoyed, for he had a house splendidly furnished provided for him to live in, and in every Parliament at least he was presented with a service of plate, and on his resignation of the office obtained a pension of £4000 a year and a peerage. There was one precedent which if they adopted, they would place the Speaker's salary on a level with that of the Colonial Secretary, which was the amount he had proposed, £1500 a-year. Then as far as he had been able to obtain information with regard to the colonies, the case was fully as strong. In the colonies the practice appeared to be, to place the salaries of the Speaker on a level with the Puisne Judge. In Canada, the Puisne Judges received £900 per annum, and the Speaker received £900. In Jamaica, as near as he could ascertain, the Judges obtained about £1000 a-year each, which was the amount of the salary of the Speaker. "But it had been said out of doors, should the Council grant such a salary as he pro; o ed for four months' work ? He distinctly denied that he asked it as a salary for work done, for at least £1000 a-year would be swallowed up in the hospitality which it was incumbent on the Speaker to display. To provide a house in town, a proper equipage, and to give members of the House two dinners a week would cost at least a thousand a year. He was quite sensible of the advantage of such hospitality being kept up ; but if the honorable the Speaker happened to live six or seven miles' out of town, to return from each dinners was rather unpleasant, therefore a House in town was indispensable, (Laughter.) Therefore the salary of the Speaker for his trouble in office would in fact only be £500. It might be there were some gentlemen in that House who thought he should have no salary. That men would be found of sufficient public spirit to do the duties, and to take the trouble of giving the dinners for nothing ; but he could only say he thought it would be somewhat difficult to find them. He did not doubt that members of that House would be found with others out of it, to ask why he had been induced to make the motion. He would say it was to maintain the dignity of the House-and if there was one fact which could most strongly evince the necessity of the measure, it was that at that time the Chair of that Council was actually going a begging. (Cries of " No, no.") Gentlemen might say no, no ; but although it was notorious that the chair was about to be vacated, only one candidate had come forward for the Honour. In the apprehension of a vacancy during the previous session, it was true that there were two, but one had since retired, and so little care and consideration for the office was at pro sent manifested, that only one candidate was in the field. He must consider such a circumstance most unfortunate, for as the Speaker of the English House of Commons was considered to be the head of the Commons of Great Britain, so ought the Speakership of the Legislative Council to be an object worthy of the aspirations of the first gentleman of New South Wales and it was lamentable not to see it an object of more eager desire and general ambition. It was almost impossible at present, that the gentleman who represented concentrated constituencies could accept the Speaker ship, as they must either neglect the important duties of the office, or the interests of their constituents and he did, therefore, feel that there must be more alterations in the footing on which the Chair of the House at present was placed ; but the one he at present recommended was absolutely necessary, and he did hope the House would take the whole matter into its early and serious consideration. wife would hope the honorable member for Port Phillip, who was the only candidate who had yet come forward for the office, would not feel offended at the observations he felt called on to make ; but, without disparagement to him, he did think there were gentlemen in the House of longer standing in the colony, and who had been longer before the public, whose claim was preferable to his own. As a public man, the honorable member had only very recently come forward and although his career in that Council had his (Mr. Wentworth's) unqualified admiration, he did not believe, had the Speakership been placed on such a footing as would have called forth other candidates, that the honorable member would have aspired to it, /ITS could not conclude without one word about (himself. It had been insinuated, though from a source not much worthy of notice, that he himself had aspired to the office. After the assertion which he had made so often, that he never could accept it as long as he was prevented from speaking on the topics which were discussed in the House, he was astonished that such an insinuation could have been made. If at any time it were the pleasure of the House to repeal the rule which prohibited the Speaker from a voice in their discussions, and having done so they were, unsolicited, to place him in the chair for a few sessions, he confessed that he should feel both honoured and dignified by their choice. But on any other terms he could never accept it, and he trusted that it would never be thought that the necessities of his private fortune, or his own inclinations, would induce him to forget those assertions The House, he believed, would do justice to the motives which had influenced him in making the motion. It had reference also to the salary of the Chairman of Committees, a highly important and responsible office, for which he could not think the present salary I of £150 per annum was sufficient. It was not beyond that of a third or fourth late clerk in the honorable Colonial Secretary's Office, and was inferior to that of the second clerk of their own Council. The salary of the Sergeant-at Arms too was quite too low to be compatible with the dignity of his office-and that salary he also proposed to rise. He would now move that an Address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that His lixool lency will be pleased to place on next year's Estimates a sum not exceeding £1500 for the salary of Speaker and to place on the Sup-~ plementary I estimate for this year a sum of £250, to make up the salary of Chairman of Committees v to'i'öOO a year; and on next year's Estimates a sum not exceeding £500, for the salary of such Chairman and to place, on the Supplementary Estate for this year a sum of £100, to make up the salary of the Sergeant-at-Arms to £200 a year; and on next year's Estimates a sum not exceeding £200, for the salary of such Sergeant at-Arms. Sir MAURICE O'CONNELL seconded the motion. Mr. LOWE, although being a question of salary, it might have been expected that he would have waited until some member of the Government should have replied to the speech of the honourable and learned member who has just sat down ; yet the motion itself was one of so peculiar a nature, and the manner in which it had been argued was so strange, that perhaps the House would not deem it unbe- coming in him to rise at so early a period of the debate ; he felt called on indeed to offer his immediate and most strenuous protest against the motion, on behalf of the constituency he represented, on behalf of the principles which he had ever joined the honorable and learned member in advocating, and he felt almost con- strained to add, on behalf of the honorable and learned member himself. (Hear, hear.) The honorable member, it would appear, considered the dignity of the Council involved in the two dinners a week, and without these bi-weekly ban quests, the honour of the House cannot be preserved, or the Speakership remain an object of ambition. He, Mr. Lowe, must beg to differ with the honorable and learned member, not only in the details he had gone into, but to the principles on which he had sustained his motion that it was possible that mere money could add to the dignity of that House, or invest it with that respect which would make it honourable in the eyes of the people-he denied that the dignity of the chair of that Council could be increased or sustained by any amount of salary e, but if, ' notwithstanding human frailties, which would in their wisest endeavours sometimes lead them astray, it was the constant and honest object of that House to achieve great and general good-to fulfil with high and single purpose the deep responsibilities, the important trust which had been reposed in them, then indeed might the honour of pre- siding over its deliberations be looked up to with proud aspiration by any man, of any station, capable of a lofty and generous am- bition if the Council by its acts obtained the confidence of the people in its deliberations it had ever regarded their liberties as sacred things which no consideration would induce them to forsake ; if, under such circumstances, the officer they elected were worthy of the body, then, indeed, would he be invested with a dignity which any amount of money salary could, and would, have nothing to do with. And he would say, that when in a season of heavy and prevalent distress, the Council in a spirit of sympathy which it was bound to feel, did give moderate salaries to their officers, it did do itself the honour-it did advance its dignity in a far higher degree than it could have done by investing the Speaker with the most gorgeous panoply. That was an act to which the Council might refer with pride. It was not an act which called for the apology which had been attempted to he made by the honorable and learned member. No ! That act required no apology ; but he must confess that the motion of the honorable and learned member did require apology, and an apology very different from that which had been urged in its favour by the honorable and learned member that afternoon. He could not reconcile that motion with the efforts of re- trenchment, which had so consistently distinguished the proceedings of that House. He could not reconcile it with the policy, which painful as it was, the House had fulfilled its duty in adopting which had cut down salaries, and abolished offices, because the expenditure was more than an oppressed and groaning community could bear. He could never, for one, sit down to these bi-weekly feasts. To hïrnfafiôy Would ever be concerned in ,. bloody Banquets ghost shades j JL police magistrates, and curtailed cleA. 7 "4 him from his seat while the T,;. ' ONe venishhke a fairy fees,, learns right "f" rock and dust and ashes behind it? böE It sought to justify this motion had dent, but he contended there warmly the precedents adduced to justify them all the members of the Congas swerved. but they were not like members of el", 1 They were essentially different in the' lion of their body, in the limit atiÏA upon their functions. The Speaker of sided over them was no representatives of Majesty-was no personification of those power of the realm, as in America. They will "'""'" rem some extent to the paltry remnVnt wtStothS! own. Neither was the precedent of say power of my realm, as in America Tk ' indeed, the full powers of Legislati^goTeT month were given in the hands of these' sentatives, different indeed in character more in point. The Speaker of the I House of Commons was the press of that great estate of the realm, to which it the powers of Legislative Government has been conceded. He was placed to preside of the discussions of an assembly to whom, confided the destinies of the mighty empire "I whose dominions the sun never sets and, whose domination they themselves had S bow. Right and proper it was that such a man, in such a position, should be hard. with all the pomp and state of circuitous' but how different their position in New g A Wales 2 where it seemed to him that fl ;" atitutions had been hung as it were in aril lory, deprived of all that rendered theories! table and respected in other countries. InmVk a condition it became them rather to cut on all empty forms, all outward show and all play, and endeavour rather to assert their dignity in silent endeavour to retrieve their constitutional rights, than by intestine the ' mockery of a legislature with the forma- and attributes of an entirely different assembly Deeply did he regret that his honorable and' learned friend should have seen fit to bring forward such a motion. He did not doubt that in doing so that his motives were good for often had he (Mr. Lowe) been glad to follow him-often had he been happy with the greatest deference to bow to his judgment. But on that occasion he did feel compelled to urge his emphatic protest allow the measure. He did believe that there were many men who were anxious for the Speaker, ship, for the honour alone and not for the salary attached to it. And that salary, he contended, although not sufficient for the stately pomp of the Speaker of the House of Common was amply sufficient for that modest and reasonable hospitality, which could alone in New South Wales be becomingly displayed by one gentleman to another, he must unreservedly deny that the office of Speaker was going a begging that it was, at all likely BO to go a begging but, though there was at present but one candidate in the field, it was to be remembered that the office had not yet been declared vacant. Many there were, too, who would aspire to the honour, but whose modesty would induce them to think twice before they stepped forward into such an arena. When the office should go a begging, he (Mr, Lowe) would be far more inclined to believe the office had ceased to be respected, because that House had ceased to be respectable, than to attribute such a circumstance to any want of salary. But he again denied that the office had gone a begging, and when he saw its present occu- pant- when he remembered the important offices he had held-offices the pay of which was so much larger than even that proposed to be given to the Speaker ; when he remembered these things, and saw that gentleman in the fulness of his years, come in the pride of a laudable ambition, as a candidate for the office and heard him, as he had told honour that even ing, declare that any addition to the salary would drive him from the chair, then did heart indeed that in all probability it would be long before the chair of that House would again be so respectable and respected. Better had it been to wait till the office should fall into hands which could not command the respect! the House, before the taunt had been thrown out that it was going a begging. He must, therefore, offer his most energetic Oppositions the motion, and express his great regret that it should have been made at her and for a really son which concerned the honorable and learned member himself. He had an opinion that the day might arrive when the honor- able and learned member, retiring from the contentious arena of debate, sated with the strife and applause of political discussion might have sought for repose in the chair. After this motion, how could such an event take place ? How could it be said of the honorable and learned member, that he had striven to raise the salary of the Speakership, and afterwards slipped into the chair himself! But" quitting the subject of the Speakership, he found there were other salaries which it was proposed to increase. The Chairman of Committees was one of those, and he admitted that the salary was small ; but as long as they could find gentlemen perfectly competent, willing to undertake the duties, it was sheer prodigality to ask for increased salaries. And so with the Serjeant-at-Arms ; the duties were nearly mechanical, and whilst gentlemen were found ready and anxious to accept the office, it was not for that Council to force large salaries on them. He would trust, however, that even the seducing prospect of dinners twice a week would hardly allure the Council away from its sense of duty. 'The cost of the Legislative Establishment was already £3543 and it would be well to consider before that amount was increased. They had already not been sparing of censure of subordinate bodies that had cost more than they were worth and if they adopted the motion before them, the public would soon suspect that they had no toleration for any jobs except their own. He felt sure the House would reject the motion, which, if carried, he would expect to see followed up by two gentlemen with two bills of fare as candidates, one coaxing a rose with champagne, whilst the other lapped them on the shoulder with Burgundy-: ne tempting them with turtle, whilst the other proffered some other recherché delicacy. (Cheers and laughter.) He fancied from the cheers of the honorable member for Melbourne, that he would follow in the wake of his honorable and learned friend and he could not doubt in the speech he would address to the House, he would be able to reconcile the pomp and display, which the motion was intended to encourage, with his own modest colored and plain habiliments; as he had found it easy, on another occasion, to reconcile the transporting troops and munitions of war with the principles of universal peace. (Hear.) Captain O'CONNELL-As he intended to vote for the motion of his friend the honor able and learned member for Sydney, did not think, after the eloquent and virtuous indignation which had been expressed by the honorable and learned member for St. Vincent, that it would be safe to do so in silence, Be a intend to vote for the motion, because he the lieved that it was founded on the true principles of social science. He was not only inclined to look at the office of Speaker of ina HOUSe with regard to the dunes it involved, not only as important in the dignity which ought to attach to the officer presiding over the deliberations of the legislature of IM colony, but in the social position in which he was placed. (Hear, hear.) The members. of that Council were the representatives of ins different constituencies of the country, in the Speaker might be said to be the representative of that Council; and it may appear to him necessary that a general?" placed in such a position should us placed in a situation to make CMF display on public occasions, to exams that hospitality not only to the members of a Council and the inhabitants of the colony, but to those distinguished foreigners who might M attracted to their shores ; which must naturally be expected from him. (Hear, hear.) w community in which they were Pleases different from most others. In New South Wales, although the community as a community was opulent, as individuals, they we" for the most part poor. Few of them possessed unencumbered rent rolls which would Dearing heavy calls, which the style, which was soon expected from a gentleman occupying the position of Speaker, would be expected to display He did not despise this display: for it uses a . afresh Wa if it were conducive to the »fiKin&community; of the amenities trodden society, he must say for one flu-! how he proposed expenditure would itself is a 1^]UiUm yet told !aeStRH»»Son^ the members who! is. .TCfejjonorsblo the Speaker ^ISTo^nFoWco he had so ably has not allow the present occasion to Without e pressing his deep regret at CTr to them. regret which he ... the right honorable gentleman ¡Wbve«5member of the Wise ; all representative of a large and im "tlcoostituency, he. could not allow the ' render consideration to pass by with ! JS-and he must confess that he 1 it the regret which had been expressed '1 honorable and learned member for Lent, that the honorable mover Ä brought -I before 'he ' . Mo must feel with deep regret, that they should have been made by one, 'aside, session after session, he (Mr. Irl had fought the battle of retrench- ing the whole period of the air invent of the Council, the seem third hearted policy of reduction had been 'aLly pursued by the honorable and 13 member. He did not blame him S .»»necessities of the colony demanded 'and he colony had benefitted by it, though Chad suffered. But he did regret that Liisicncyof that policy should now be lledto'beupsa by such a motion as the S He however, was not so much dis Mto wonder at it, as the spirit of proud reLAyed towards the close of the last war had in some measure prepared him for On MM of these occasions, when at the age of their constituents they had voted hats involving extravagant expenditure, 1,1 felt bound to divide the House. Nor is he but discover in this spirit then did side is well as in the present motion, some L'tothat system of extravagance which displayed by the old Council. He had u authority for attributing extravagance body. No less than that of His Ex WjhinHr-lf, who often taunted honorable aVn, that though they made professions economy, they never passed an estimate tal increasing it. He had not heard a Despair argument in support of the motion, with the exception of one of the salaries of, that of the Sergeant-at-Arms, could he s that any increase was justifiable. The Biiancy too, with which the motion had brought forward, did not look like that CM which ought to be observed in and the public money. With regard the being no candidates for the office, aught that was sufficiently answered honorable and learned friend from St. bat, that the office was not yet vacant ; VI would say that he had never heard any one assign as a reason for not coming and that the salary was low. It behoved all to be very cautious after the re- fctithad made, how it dealt with large of the public money. Already the large, isditureoftheLegislativoCouncilestablish C had been made the subject of comment dies, and for his own part he had ended by to see how it might be reduced. A la of his own last session for the appoint- 6 of standing counsel to the Council spare Bill had been passed over on ac of the expense. The arguments that hewed on the present occasion had been sent when the Governor's Salary Bill issued; although they might have been Ifithaforce then which they did not pos- to the present case. The state and has ityipokcnof might be incumbent on the nor, but was not on the Speaker. i Speaker did not require to in attendance but about four ii in the year, and even during that his duty would require his attendance in hat, and it was only a question whether bid be in the chair, or on the floor. i his expenses wore, were easy to be cal td; and he- must say he thought his salary sialtocoferthcm. The salary of the ma of Committees appeared sufficient; fat must remember that it had fora con repelled been held gratuitously, and active at that period most efficiently per. ii. He felt bound to oppose the motion, impress, as he had done, the regret he to it should have been brought for COLONIAL SECRETARY felt called ?maiathanks to the Right Honorable the for the manner in which he had dis-" moved the motion of all personal const li at relative to himself, and further to the deep regret that had been expressed a circumstances which had called forth inducement they had heard from the last evening. He was one who opposed to the election of the Honorable gentleman; but when he been elected, he (the Colonial Secret Md promised he should alwaj8ha\e his Wort, and he hoped he had fulfilled his II He regretted he was unable to sup!!. motion At the time the salary of the " fixe<*'ttle colony was the most sed condition, and a spirit of economy Kea almost every member of the House; H were cut down and offices abolished : enough he should not have objected to on the salary of the Speaker made W higher, it was not thought prudent '" Taking the average of other colo- will £1000 per annum seeme<Tto be the year the salary of the Speakership, and and be ready to advance it to this sum urged to candidates, he did not think Mary would affect the ambition which two members to aspire to the office ; II was not in accordance with Parlia »lU!.lgV° make any very active 'or one Speakership The honorable greed member had disclaimed any i'l°.[,becomif|g a candidate and an Eta his disclaimer for he should much to see the chair occupied J Ï11,8 as tll0S0 on which the island learned member had declared Mono could hit u The proposal to bury of the Chairman of Commit « appear to him to be necessary at «."ÎIT,*" no Call for hospitality on a and he had only some few extra duties *, u to those performed by other a, 7 was no analogy between and that of a clerk whose whole fine HRH the jeartnrough. It had been observed that the duties of the 7 Cfn Performed gratuitously. With L /.M,uy of the Serjeant-at-Arms, though H too low, and in His J, Tent of salary mother e Lamph below them. In fact, in t 7hVhe,8alat> of the Sergeant while in? that at the Chairman 6 f He thought the honorable the member would have done K u Jmn a longer notice of his um. r Government would have 81 "taunts if it had so as Many, of the Public money- He has ZTSe an "'amendment; but motion in the hands of the Iiilit as? opposed the motion, which 4, ,tVîu:or!sl8tent with the Policy n\Z style IIouKO if he reduc fcdt^?ttb0'i^nofoffices. The C »dic« caused in many in so' far ,, UCL10n8' tend to 3s 9d vote set 1 BUcl? an '"case of salary tank i "m 20 JUSt Suspicion. Neither work- has Proper time to bring in fetching "A mise canvass was a man "for he did not believe the secret of the House who would he wise , "as consideration, 'Cecil wards the honoured a seat a cable bound in justice to record his WS ntCePthofeeliUg of regret "Ned a . . R"»ouneeraent of MhJ-ywAl0P> end of the l! He thee 0"00f the present ea t as support the motion. for Note. n«MM»fythBt a proper fe. Nor8..inl?iupP°rttho dignity w as had been justly observed was the hospitality expected from the Speaker to be confined to members of that House, but it must be extended to the distinguished foreigners who might visit the colony. He was one who, whether right or wrong, go ' nerally looked a little a head, and he foresaw the time could not be far distant, when the present colonial policy of Great Britain must be abandoned, and the legislatures of the I colonies would then assume an importance which they did not now possess. In England the salary of the Speaker was £5000, of the Chairman of Committees £2000, and of the Sergeant-at-Arms £1500 a year. In Canada, the salary of the Speaker was £900, which would go as far there as £500 in New South Wales. Those who ridiculed the idea of dinners and state knew very little of human nature nor were these displays without their benefit in an economic point of view. The Lord Mayor of London had £14,000 a year granted him for state alone, for his services were not worth £500 a year; but if it had not been for his salary, the City of London would have gone to pieces long ago. The honorable and learned member had said the Speaker should have no higher salary, than the expenses the office entailed upon him and he (Mr. Robinson) agreed with him, and only differed in the question of what the amount of these expenses should be; neither did he think the salary of the Chairman of Committees was adequate to the duties and re- sponsibilities of the office, and as for that of the Sergeant-at-Arms they had better abolish it at once, or give the salary proposed in the present motion. Mr. LAMB, though not an elected member himself, had still the interests of the colony closely at heart, and would be indeed sorry to see any return to the extravagance of the old Council, which the motion before them seemed to omen. The first gentleman who had advocated the system of economy which had been consistently pursued by the House, was also the first to return to the old system of lavish expenditure and large salaries. True the finances of the colony were not in so dilapi- dated a state as they were but the roads and bridges were in a more dilapidated state, and all the money they could spare would be better expended on them than on high salaries He was not one who thought splendour necessary to dignity and when they talked about the Speaker having to receive distinguished foreigners, there might be some reason for his Excellency doing so, but none at all for the Speaker. With regard to candidates, at the first announcement of a vacancy during the last session two candidates were in the field, and as soon as the report had obtained the shadow of consistency on the present occasion, one presented himself; and he doubted not plenty more would come forward to dispute with him the seat, which they must all so much regret was about to become vacant. Mr. BLAND said, that when the salary of the Speaker was fixed at £760 a-year, he was under the impression that the pension of £750 a-year which Mr. McLeay received, was paid from the funds of the colony, and as he found that was not the case, he should support the honorable member's motion. He did not consider that the dignity of the office or a proper hospitality could be maintained without an adequate salary, and he did not consider £1500 was at all too much The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would probably have given a silent vote upon the motion, had he not considered it a duty to express his regret at the intended retirement of his honor- able friend, the Speaker. He was not in the colony when the Speaker was elected, but a private friendship, and an official connexion of many years had given him such a knowledge of the honour, the integrity, and the aptitude for business of his honorable friend, that had he been present his honorable friend would have had his vote and support. He could not support the motion of his honor- able friend opposite, and when he recollected the speeches of the former years made by his honorable friend and his supporters, he was astonished at the change that had come over the spirit of their dreams. He remembered that when the Bill for reducing the Governor's salary was before the house, the idea of His Excellency having an allowance to maintain public hospitality was ridiculed, dinners were scouted ; now, however, dinners twice a week are pnnsi.lnrnrl ncnamory, and the dignity of the Speaker is to be maintained by making him a sort of keeper of a club. The House, if members did their duty and worked regularly should not sit more than three months in the year ; but say four months, and then the salary of the Speaker, at £1500, would be at the rate of £4500 more than the Council had solemnly declared their opinion the salary of the Governor ought to be. Mr. WINDEYER said, that there had been a reference to the House having changed sides ; but he did not conceive any change had in reality taken place. The object of the honorable member for Sydney, and the object of those who had resisted any reduction in the salary of the Governor, appeared to him to be precis dy similar ; they both wanted to increase the strength of those table cloth chains which are so binding in so many instances, and as the Governor has the power of giving good dinners, his learned friend wanted to set up an opposition shop (laughter) on the popular side. He must oppose the motion of his learned friend. He should vote the salary of the Speaker on the same principle that actuated him with regard to other salaries, and that is to secure the best men that can be obtained under all the circumstances of the case, and the present salary had proved sufficient. To raise the salary of the Speaker too high might be the means of bringing about their own corruption for it must be remembered that twelve votes in the House were under influence ' which could easily be imagined, and in the event of an expected vacancy, with a number of candidates, the votes of the twelve might be procured to those candidates who voted as might be required. Dr. LANG, after complimenting the Speaker upon the ability and impartiality which he had always displayed, said, that considering the proposed addition was to have gone to compensate Mr. McLeay, he had intended to support the motion ; but now that was not the case, he thought the matter had better be deferred until a new Council was returned. He thought that the salary should not be less than that of a Puisne Judge. (The honorable member left the House as soon as he had done speaking.) Mr. WENTWORTH said, that he should reply but very briefly. He denied that he had been guilty of the inconsistency with which he had been taunted. The Police Magistrates were abolished, not so much as a measure of finance as because they were nuisances ; because they were Government officers exercising an influence which might be dangerous to the liberties of the people. He admitted that the duties of the Colonial Secretary and the Puisne Judges were more laborious than those of the Speaker, but he denied that they were expected to give public dinners ; nay, it would be dangerous to the purity of the Bench if the Judges did so ; the less the Judges associate with the public the better ; they should be like priests, only seen in the temples in which they administer. The motion was not to give the Speaker any additional emolument, but to enable him to perform the duties of his office. As he saw that the feeling of the House was against him, he should not press the motion, but withdraw it. COURTS OF REQUEST. Mr. WINDEYER gave notice that, on Tuesday next, he would ask leave to bring in a bill to amend the law relative to the recovery of small Debts. The House adjourned at seven o'clock until to-day at a quarter past two, when the members will go up with the address to the Governor 