mtT-"-'f1f;m"nT,ffilll II i UIBüf-^-^WH^^^WW^T13 The two original Journals of Van Diemen's Land CONSOLIDATED. OPEN TO ALL-INPLUENÇRD BY NONE. HOBART TOWN: a AUGUST 28, 1846. WE have been kindly favoured with the perusal of one of the latest papers which have' been received by the Palmyra, the Observer of the 26th April by which, we find that there is not one word of truth in the various reports which have been circulated since the arrival of that ship. Sir Robert Peel's Corn-law Abolition Bill had not been repealed. Parliament had not been dissolved: it had just re-assembled, after the Easter Holidays, and was on the point of expiring a natural death. The Money market, as will be seen by the following extract, was more than usually easy and every thing, was going on in the most satisfactory manner, according to Sir Robert Peel's views. The following is the money at ticle, copied from the Observer, to which we subjoin the price of the principal funds on the 25th. Now, as none of the reports ' circulated can have been from information of later date than the newspaper from which we quote, we may re-assure the public mind upon every particulars It is strange what can induce the making of statements, the untruth of which must be thus readily made known,: The money market has been somewhat easier this week, and money has been obtainable on good securities at much lower rates. The settling days, both for shares and consols, were on Thursday and Friday, and everything passed off easily : continuations of registered stock were easily effected, but there was much difficulty in carrying over the best descriptions of scrip. The consol account was a heavy one, and several serious defalcations were anticipated, but only one was announced, and that but for £4000. The share account was an exceedingly light one, and almost entirely confined to registered stock. Consols, 96 reduced, 06 ; new, 3 per cent., 98; India, 263; Bank. 209 ¡ Exchange Bills, 36 premium ; long annuities, 10 IN resuming the important subject of the "J proceedings taken by the Council of advice' in the matter of the Statute of James, we have to call attention to the wholly unauthorised measure of its " examining witnesses " upon that or any other occasion. This is another illegal consequence of his Excellency giving way to the permitting the Council to play at Parliament, which can only subject them to laughter and ridicule. His Grace the Duke of Wellington, in his place in the House of Lords, - called public meetings "farces." That they generally are so, there can be no doubt; but what would the iron Duke say if he could witness the truly farcical performances which we really most sincerely deplore to see Sir Eardley Wilmot, of all man in the world, permit. The Council of advice " resolve itself into a committee to examine witnesses !" His Excellency well knows that they have not the ghost of authority to render themselves the miserable mimics of such a Parliamentary proceeding. Exami new witnesses how did they get them before them to be "examined?" If by summons, by whose By that of his Excellency ? No ! no ! we are confident his Excellency would not have so committed himself. Had his Excellency done so, what if some thorough constitutional Englishman, such as were amongst the professional gentlemen examined, having received such a mandate, had replied somewhat in the following manner Smelt will afford me the sincerest pleasure to pay my duty to your Excellency in person, and to give your Excellency any information on the subject of the Statute of James, or upon any other subject within my power, whenever I may be honoured with your Excellency's commands ; but I should compromise my reputation as a lawyer, if I attended a body of gentlemen, whose only authority to assemble at all, is to afford your Excellency such advice as it may be your Excellency's pleasure to ask from them, and who consequently have not the authority to ask me, or any other individual, a single question upon any subject whatever have the honour, See." Now what a ridiculous position for fourteen Englishmen to place themselves in! How Mr. Bicheno, Mr. Horne, and Mr. O'Connor, who do know something about Parliaments, and what a miserable mockery it is for these gentlemen to see them, must laugh at so contemptible a sentencing. Suppose Mr. Young, when Mr. Orr was inexperienced enough to ask of a lawyer without a lee his opinion of the effect of the extension of the Statute of James to this colony, had plainly replied, "it would be quite unprofessional to give opinions without being paid I will trouble you therefore for six and eightpence !" Why his Excellency would have screamed with laughter, and poor Mr. Orr, amidst the met raiment of the whole audience, his colleagues of the Council of advice not the least loud in the con- vulsion, must have made his retreat from the scene in the best manner he would have been able; for what could he have done? Privilege they do not possess the phantom of it! They are nothing more nor less than fourteen individuals, appointed by the Crown to give advice to the Governor, but be it especially remembered, only when he may ask them for it. They are ' absolutely and positively restricted from any interference whatever in matters in which their advice is not asked and what is " making a motion " but interference in a matter which is not required by the only individual who has the authority to require it-the Governor ! They have not the most fragile cobweb of authority beyond this but as for " forming themselves into com- mittees," " examining witnesses, or playing at any such Parliamentary gambols, the Act of Parliament cannot even by the most subtle stretch of construction, be tortured into sanctioning them. How malicious, then, it was in Sir John Franklin to amuse / himself by permitting them to expose themselves " before people !" Sir Eardley Wil- t mot ought really to have the common charity to send for them when he wanted them, as Sir George Arthur always did, into a private room of Government House, and there complying with the form required by the Act of Parliament, ask them for their advice should he require it, without subjecting them, in giving it, to the derision of the public. The Act evidently contemplated that their meetings would be private, for it would otherwise have made some provision against their tom-foolery being laughed at, derided, and scorned with impunity If the, colony is ripe enough for Parlia- ments at all-if its population can furnish i a proper number of members qualified to perform its duties in a commonly respectable manner let us, now that, thanks to Sir Eardley E Wilmot, we have got the necessary preparation of a self-governing municipal body, ask that it be granted by the English Government by regular half-yearly ' applications of the whole people until it is' obtained. But the publicly performed, mockeries of a Council of advice are only calculated to make the colony ridiculous in the eyes of the whole world. < Several of the most eminent of our pro- ' fessional gentlemen, having been, we suppose, solicited to give gratuitously their opinions upon the probable work.ing the Statute, have been examined accordingly. The way in which Mr. Orr conducted this examination shows how cruel it is to place a gentlemen of little political experience, whose habits are essentially mercantile into so' embarrassing a situation. The witness, however, treated him with great courtesy and helped him out," each according: to the View 'Which each respectively took of the subject. It is only due to them all to say that they gave their opinions altogether unbiassed and uninfluenced by any professional feeling whatever. These opinions are now in the newspaper reports before the public. The Clerk of the Council's report of them, by which his Excellency will of course be guided, is however to be printed and we shall then, in the performance of our public duty, offer a few comments upon the leaning and tendency of the statements of these gentlemen. In the meantime, however, that of Mr. Young is so plain, straightforward, devoid of all technical convolutions-in a word, so characteristic of the man, that we give it; and to avoid being charged with taking our own report, we copy it from the Courier. WArequire of our readers to bestow upon it their careful perusal, and we shall re- suits the, interesting subject on Tuesday Thomas Young, Esq., called and examined. By Mr. Orr-In your opinion, do not crown grants remedy the defects of imperfect titles ? Answer Most unquestionably. Question What, in your opinion, is the operation of the Caveat Board ? Answer The greatest blessing, in this colony, in regard to titles, is the measure that has been adopted. In New South Wales the want of such a a measure, I believe, has created evils of the greatest possible magnitude; such a deficiency j Ess led to the COnfirming of bad titles. Question Did you sign any document or me a moral on the subject some considerable time ago j Answer-This one. and only this I did. A intention existed, at that time, of doing away with. the Caveat Board, and the gist of the memorial was, that the Board was a great good to the community. Question What is your opinion as to the introduction of the Statute into this colony ? Answer-That its application, in the administration of justice, would be an unqualified advan tape. Question What is your opinion as to adverse possession ? Answer-I scarcely know what is meant to be implied by the term. The possession of crown land, where there has been no grant, must be adverse, otherwise it is no possession at all. Question-In what way does the Statute of James operate in this colony, in regard to actions of ejectment, brought to recover possession, by grantees of the crown against intruders ? Answer-It may be easily explained, in reference to the facts and circumstances of an action of ejectment in the Supreme Court, entitled " Lord. v. Maclaren." A grant was issued to Mr. Lord for an allotment in Collins-street, on which build- ] ings had been erected at the cost of £3000. Mr. Lord brought his ejectment to turn out the defendants, and he claimed to recover for the value of the buildings as well as the allotment. In this form the action of ejectment simply requires the general issue to be pleaded. The question in issue was submitted to the minds of the jurors in 1 four different trials. The defendant's case was, I that possession had been had of the allotment in question for 22 or 23 years, without any payment of rent and profits to the Crown. The plaintiff, in answer, endeavoured to establish, by his counsel, that the parties from whom the defendant derived his title, had occupied under lease from himself (Mr. Lord). If he had established that fact, the crown would not have been out of possession ; because the application of Mr. Lord for a grant was an actual omission that the crown was in possession, and on clear proof of that he must have obtained a verdict, and the defendant been turned out of possession. The direction to the jury, on all the trials, had requested them to find whether the crown had been " actually " or " virtually " out of possession. The hon. members of Council would perceive that if the finding by the jury had been that the crown was only virtually out of possession-the defendant having possessed the land through the grantee, who at knowledged the possession of the grantor then the verdict must have passed for Mr. Lord, the plaintiff in the action. In the several trials of that action, the equitable titles of the parties were allowed to be brought forward. I may more particularly explain that if Mr. Lord could have established that if my client (Maclaren) purchased of those who held under him as tenant, then the verdict must have been for the plaintiff j be being a party in beneficial possession, and having acknowledged the possession of the land in the crown, the grant would have properly issued. The plaintiff, Mr. Lord, did not rest so much on the strength of his own title as on the weakness of that of my client, Mr. Maclaren. Mr. Lord produced the location order, and endeavoured to prove that the defendant had acted on the order. If, I repeat, that had been established, the defendant must have failed. Mr. Lord did not show that and I believe it was partly from the peculiar hardship that would have been inflicted by a finding for the plaintiff that the jury returned a ver- vice for the defendant. Question- Is not the proceeding of scire facias a substitute for the statute ? Answer I think the scire facias is a much more dangerous process than by the statute. I would strongly recommend that an act should pass, declaring the statute in force. Question Is there not much difficulty in ascertaining the validity of titles under the present system Answer-No; we only search from the date of the crown grant. A purchaser is bound to exercise his senses to see who is in possession, and ascertain other necessary particulars, which can easily done. At the end of the search and inquiries he may decide upon the purchase or not. Question Do you know whether the Statute of James is in force in New South Wales ? Amwcr-Iliclieve it is the law of the land there. Question Have you heard that in New South Wales a Caveat Board is deemed very desirable? Answer I have heard, as I have already said, that the most lamentable results have followed, in the absence of such a tribunal, by the confirma- tion of bad titles. Question-If the Statute of James were in force in this colony, would it not induce parties to delay the payment of quit-rents ? Í I Answer I do not see, as regards quit rents, that the operation of the statute would have any effect one way or the other. By the Chief Justice Is the grant on which the action was had in Lord v. Maclaren a recent one? answer-The grant was dated in 1838. We were anxious to have the action tried on its merits, and therefore applied for a scire facias. Question were the parties before the Caveat Board previous to the grant being issued ? Answer-The grant was issued on the verdict The Jury which was merely a nullity. it cation Was it shown that the crown was "View possession for 20 years ? Answer-it was proved that the defendant had possessed unknown to the crown that there was adverse possession and non-payment of rents and profits. It was proved that defendant had adverse possession for 22 or 23 years. During that 'time it was known and seen by every one that improvements were being made. This, possession, wd these improvements, were uninterrupted by the Crown, although they were seen and known ? all men. In point of fact I know of no posses ">n that can be truly called adverse, unless it is "shown possession. 