FACETIÆ. CAPITAL HORSE SELLING STORY. The author between Calais and Dunkirk had his gig smashed by a French carrier, and applied to the laws in vain for redress; for he informs us, "in lieu of damages, I got this piece of advice from the bench, * // fant qu'il Vapprenne done.'' I thought this hint was quite superfluous, my first lesson having com pletely enlightened me on (he subject. My next appearance before the most worthy showed how little I had profited by his advice, or I should not have troubled htm again ; but, I did, and my present case was this: hiding one evening after dark along the same delecta ble road, on a favourite English horse, down he dropped as if he had been shot, sending me over his ears en avant courrier. This mishap had arisen from my (Englishman-like) taking the side of the pave in preference to the middle of the route. A drain had been left open of about two feet deep, into which my horse had gone. He was up in a moment; i remounted, and what I said about French high roads was bad enough then; but when I examined my horse's knees by the first light I came to, and found two concavities made in them something the size of a teacup, I fear what I said was ten | times worse. I really now thought, that from this trap having been left open, and holding myself a loser of about thirty pounds each knee, some redress would be afforded me. I found, however, that redress, something like promotion or reward for services, was likely to be some time in coming, for I was first told I had no business riding where 1 did; and secondly, from whom was the redress to come? Kefore this could be got at, it was necessary to find who made the drain, and it behoved me to find that out. * Did Monsieur know who it was V Of course Monsieur did not. I saw my chance was out; but to render assurance doubly sure, out came again the infernal 'II faut qu'il Fapprenne, done' The prayers of the wicked are sometimes heard : I prayed for a chance to return all favours to Monsieur le , and it came. I learned that his lady had taken a mania for riding en Amazon, and that her lord and master would give any price for a perfectly broke English horse accustomed to carry a lady. Just before I left England a very beautiful horse that had been carrying a friend of my wife's had unfortunately gone badly broken-winded, so much so as to be useless. I started my groom off for this said horse, and he brought iiim back in blooming condition, and looking worth as much as any lady's horse could be, and only sis years old. I got the daughter of a friend of mine, a girl nine years of age, to ride him about the town, taking care he should be seen by the lady and her good lord. The beauty and docility of the horse in carrying a mere child could not be resisted ; so a note arrived filled with apologies for asking if I would sell -le beau cheval,' in which case I was begged to name a price, and j to pass my word that he was as docile as he • appeared. Monsieur would only ask leave for | a friend to look at h«in in the stable, who would bring the * argent comptant.' I replied by saying I would sell the horse, that on my ] honour he was 'doux comme un agneau,' a hundred and fifty Napoleons his price, and that Monsieur's friend was quite welcome to see him, assuring Monsieur 'de ma parfaite consideration/ &c;, &c.; Yes, thinks Ito my- ; self, you are welcome to ma parfaite considera- ; lion, but I suspect you will not get much con- j sideration for your hundred and fifty. I have the * II faut qu'il l'apprenne' fresh in my me mory —' chacun a son tour!' I have not spent so much money about horses without being able to make a broken-winded one fit to be examined by your friend. The ' ami' caire; ■ the * valet d'ecurie' came; the saddle and bridle (such a saddle, a kind of' demi- pique*, resuscitated), the bridle half red velvet and: silver buckles, came—no matter; the money , came. Out of kindness to the horse, I desired the French groom not to give him any cold i water that day. Those initiated in such mat ters will know why; the groom did not. 'II fant qu'il l'apprenne/ thinks I. The groom \ mounted, rode off• en dragon/ stiff as a poker. Monsieur l'ami talking by his side, and, as I saw, Frenchman-like, stopping ten tinr.es in the street to shew le beau chevat to some friend.' ' Tout a l'heure, tout a I'heure/ thought I. The next evening ' l'ami 9 waited on me, begg ing I would go with him to look at the horse. ' Volontiers, Monsieur;' and away we went. I found him of course blowing away like a black smith's bellows. What was the de mattcre ? , vas de horse indispose ? * Eh, non ; Monsieur says ilest poussif; voila tout.' ' Poussif pous sif I' cried Monsieur le . ' Sacre ! do I hear you right ? you say de hors is what you call broke in de vind,—do I hear dat V ' Yes,' said I,' you do;' and thinks Ito myself, Ma dame will hear it too occasionally if she rides him. Monsieur assured me he had no idea cf the horse being so when he bought it. I free ly expressed my conviction that this was cor rect. Vat was he to do ?' Ce n'est pas non affaire cela/ said I. Doubtless my reader has seen two Frenchmen in a passion ; but to see two most passionate ones in a regular white heat rage is really a treat. Now, says I, for the coup de theatre. I reminded Monsieur of the broken-gig and broken-knee decisions; he recognised me in a moment. ' Now, Monsieur,'j says I, 'what have you got to say? Tou wanted *un beau cheval/ —you have him ; you wanted a docile one, —you have that also; I said nothing about his being sound: you have no fault to find with me.' ' Mais, mille ton neres! Ino vant de hors broke in de vind, dat go puff puff all de day long.' \ C'est possible/ says I; ' mais cela ni'est parfaitement indiffer ent. You trusted to your friend's judgment.' * Bote my friend have no judgment for de horse.* *11 faut, Monsieur/ said 1, making my bow, * qu'il l'apprenne done.'" — From Stable Talk and Tabte Talk; or, Spectacles for Young Sportsmen. A PRESENT OF *' FISH !** A few mornings since, (says the Bristol Ga zelle), a ring was heard at Che door of a gentle man residing ia Redclifie-cresceot, and, oa the servant answering Che door, a respectably dressed and exceedingly pretty young woman handed in a basket, stating that it contained a present of fish from a lady to Mr , and re quested that it might not be left too long in the basket, as the warm weather would not be likely to improve the flavour. Betty placed the welcome parcel in the hall, and was pur suing her household duties, when, to her great surprise, she saw the basket turn a complete ! somersault, and in a state of extreme excite ment she ru? hed up stairs to inform her mis tress of the lively present below. In less than no time the basket was in the drawing-room, and master and mistress both intent on ex amining its contents; the master insisting it was no fish, but a young puppy-dog which he had been kindly promised by a political admirer; the lady prophesying several brace of fresh trout, or a good salmon, from a friend. When, lo! on rutting the strings, not salmon, trout, or puppy-dog appeared, but a charmkg infant of about three months, nicely dressed, and with an extra supply of baby-linen, for a change. The^ glance which passed between Mr and his lady on the discovery may be imagined but not described. THE BEST BOWER. [By the Old Sailor.) You may talk of your bowers and sylvan groves, Replete whh sly cupids and cooing doves ; Giv • me, wherever my lot may be cast. The j<?Hy best bower that holds me fast. When the stormy gale blows I'm held on by the nose. Defying the raging wind and flea; Though your bowers on dhoro May be safe from the roar. My boirei'tt a bower of bliss to me. Yon may talk of yonr powers to bind the heart. And feel it would almost be death to part From one that you love, who cliogt; to yonr breast As a bower of hope—a place of rest. I will ever maintain, If my stout cable chain Should be cot by some terrible stroke, With rocks under my lee, It would prove death to me. And scatter in wreck my heart of oak. Yet why should I donbt ?— let the breezes blow; I never can part from my friend below ; For though my tows may be pitching sky high. My anchor will hold—and shout ** Here am 1!" Ard sill wiigg'e his sides. Whilst he grins at the tides. Singing out with a love of good cheer, As be buriea his head In his soft oozy bed, " Drink your grog! you have nalhiog to fear." ATMOSPHERIC STSTKM. What is the atmospheric system ? A new mode of raising the wind.—What county in Great Britain ought it to be first laid down in ? Ayr-shire.—What is there seemingly incon sistent in the working of the system? The train is moved by stationary engines.—What town in the neighbourhood of London is best entitled to an atmospheric railway ? Wind-sor. —Why would the proprietors of such a line bo appropriately the new founders of a new system of jurisprudence ? Because they are decidedly opposed to Coke. —An extensive proprietor under the atmospheric system might be desig nated by a mote appropriate title Jhan the " Railway King ?" A " Prince of the power of the air."—Why is the atmospheric attrac tion less tractable than steam ? Because it is tender-less. —Why is the atmospheric system like a popular ministry ? Because it depends entirely on the "pressure from without. 9' —Why should shares in a projected atmospheric rail way be always at a premium. Because the speculation can never end in smoke. EDWIN. A Bathttic Ballad. The wind howled woefully, With a sad, a ghost-like tone; And a youth wailed mournfully. For kit hope of love was gone '• 1 he dripping trees shed rain drops Upon the reeking ground : And the youth's dim eyes were pouring Tear torrents all around* The thunder roared right awfully. And the bright forked lightning flashed ; And a demon would his voice have awed. And a fiend his glance abashed. Then he staikad as doth a hero. As an oak tree, proud and tall. And be said " 1 yield submission, I obey the spirit's call !** He rushed into a dwelling. And with wild demoniac laugh, He shouted as he entered, —• " A glass of half-and-half I" DcctDtros. MIL AND MRS. CAUDLE IN AMERICA. u Whereas I, Daniel Clay, through misre presentation, was induced to post my wife Rhoda in the Exeter Miscellany of March last, but now beg leave to inform the public that I have taken her again to wife, after set tling all our domestic broils in an amicable manner; so that everything, as qsual, goes on like clock-work."— American Paper. The North Carolina Watchman tells us of a couple who loved aud married—quarelled and divorced—separated—met again—again loved, and again married. JOINT PRO PERT Y. A countryman having bought a barn in part nership with a neighbour, who neglected to make U6e of it, plentifully stoied his own part with corn, and expostulated with his partner on having laid out his money in so useless a way adding, "You had better do something with it, as you see I have done." "As to that, neighbour," replied the other, "every man has a right to do what he will with his own, and you have done eo ; but I have made up my mind about my part of the barn —I shall set it on fire." PRECEPT AND EXAMPLE. Thompson, the author of " The Seasons, wrote in bed his beautiful rhapsody, on early rising, commencing, " Falsely luxurious! will not men awake!" Printed and published by the proprietor, John Stephens every Wednesday and Saturday morning, at (he Samtk Australian Register and General Priming Office, Hiodley street, Adelaide, South Australia, where Orders and Adver tisements, and all commonicatio?s to the Editors will b* received. 