Tne Pat Phantom. Miduight was past by hlauy aa hour, Yet the moon was faintly Been Shedding her light on TEBUUTT'S old Tow'r, Where all were al rest I ween. No no ! not so, from his cottell in the dark A figuro was seen to move-, With noiseless step he descends) but hark ! What may that crashing prove-. The doors are flung open) titi casements removed) And a shout is raised from a voice, (Different fur from a souud that is loved Which uiaketh the heart rejoice). The voice is echoed, then silence prevails, Save a steady onward tramp, Such as heard ou the deck of a ship when she sails \- While burns the midnight lamp. ' ' Oft hath this passed, aud we reek not its seeming, For wonder decreases as UöVelty ends ; And we deem it alone thu puré birth of our dreaming, So familiar grows strangeness that myst'ry atteudsi Lo! 'tis the hour of slumbers calm, Wearines bauish'd by gentle sleep, That sheds o'er the world its grateful balm, In which our sorrows awhile we steep. . One sleeper lies forgetful of care, On a sudden be starts with affright, A blow on the casement-Ah ! what is thero t In thc fitful impalpable light. 'Tis the whip of a horseman that strikes the blow, And there the horseman Btands ; The form is fat and one that we know, As a native of Foreign Lallds. The doors are flung open tho' early the hour, The casements removed as if old, All readily yield to mysterious power That masters both weak and bold. And yonder that fatal Horseman glides lu ample garment clad ; O'er the fates of the inmates alone he presides, With countenance dreary aud sad. What can it be ? the whisper goes round, Borne waud'rer condemu'd as of yore, Eternally treading our mortal ground For hoary deeds oí gore. A Vampire perchance ? aye craving his food, Seeking for mighty slaughter ; And yet 'tis known that he sucks no blood, Unless it be brandy aud water. Where had lt been, what had it done ? Had it stcep'd in crime or follies ? Absent we know, it was alone) And returned by the way of Cornwallis. - And the solitaire wished to be " sans souci," . So it humm'd a snatch of a Song, The burden was " Go a-bead Miss Lucie,'' " Keep your time Miss Lucy Long." What fatal charms has that Horseman spread By magic means iii tile night ! To make some poor widows bedizen thei'liead, And appear with the choicest WHITE ! ! ! Then right and left the inmates are sent, Expeuces should not be eulafged ; : ^ . It's enough for a ghost if he pays the rent) So the whole of thc Household's discharged. Alas ! tho* the House be cleansed 'tis in rain, We never before saw sucbT'sport* As a Ghost-we are sorry the LAbiss feel pain Go through the Insolvent Court, ; 