Local Intelligence. Waterloo. — Yesterday was the an niversary of the battle of Waterloo, but not a flag was loosened to the breeze, nor a gun fired to commemorate the momentous event, in fact, as to the latter item, so well is the Port protected, that the government do not possess a single piece of artillery that would sink a bum-boat. The Superintendent. — Amongst other on dits, it is stated, that his Honor the superintendent intends shortly paying a visit to Cape Otway, and bringing his geolo- gical and mineralogical knowledge to bear upon that portion of the district, which is understood to abound in mineral wealth. Landed Property. — Such has been the rise in landed property in the town of Melbourne, that the greater portion dis posed of about two years since, upon winding up the affairs of the Port Phillip Bank, will now realize an advance from three to five hundred per cent. The Foundation Stone of St. Peter's Church. — Yesterday being the day appointed for laying the foundation stone of St. Peter's Church, about three hundred persons assembled upon the site chosen for the building, anxious to witness the interest ing ceremony. Most of the aristocracy of Melbourne were present, and there was also a strong sprinkling of the fairer portion of creation, whose presence tended to pre serve that good order to which the sacred nature of the proceedings were entitled. The Rev. Mr Thomson occupied a position immediately contiguous to the foundation stone, which was suspended in the air, a height of about four feet above the ground. On the right hand of the reverend gentle man, stood the Rev. Mr Collins, from Gee- long, and on the left, his Honor the Super- tendent, James Simpson, J. D. Pinnock, Alister M'Kenzie, Esquires, and Major St. John, his Worship the Mayor, occupying a position immediately opposite the officiat- ing clergymen. The ceremony was com- menced by the Rev. Mr Thomson, and the audience, repenting by alternate verses, the one hundred and thirty second psalm — Lord, remember David, &c.; Glory be to the father, &c.; The Rev. Mr Collins then read the 55th chapter of Isaiah; after which, Mr Thom- son read in a most impressive manner the third chapter of St. Paul's epistle to the Corinthians. Subsequently, the collect for St. Simon and St. Jude's day was read by the Rev. Mr Collins, when the usual deposit having been made in a niche formed in the key stone, the trowel was handed to his Honor the Superintendent, with which the mortar was properly ad- justed, when the signal was given to lower the foundation stone, which is situated at the North East corner of the building, to the spot for which it was designed. The stone slowly descended, and on its reaching the key stone, his Honor assumed the mallet, and striking the stone several times, said, "In the name of Gnd, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I lay this foundation stone of a Church to the praise and glory of His name" — the Reverend Mr Thomson re- sponding — "This stone is laid on the founda- tion and corner stone of a Church, to be built in this place; to be named St. Peter's; and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and con fess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The audience chaunted "Amen," after which, the clergy man added, "The glorious Majesty of the Lord our God be upon us; prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us. O prosper Thou our handy work for the sake of the same Jesus Christ. Amen." The ministers and audience then sung the following verses of the eighty-fourth Psalm, copies which had been previously distri- buted:— O God of hosts, the mighty Lord How lovely is the place. Where thou, enthroned in glory, shew'st The brightness of thy face ! My longing soul faints with desire To view thy blest abode ; My panting heart and flesh cry out For thee, my living God. O Lord of hosts, my King and God, How highly blest are they, Who in thy temple always dwell, And there thy praise display ! Thrice happy they, whose choice has thee Their sure protection mode ; Who long to trail the sacred ways That to thy dwelling lead ! This portion of the ceremony had a very pleasing effect, which was considerably heightened by a number of young Sunday school children, who had been previously tutored, taking a prominent part in the singing. The Apostle's Creed was repeated by the Ministers and those assembled. I believe in God, &c.;, After which the Rev. Mr. Thomson pro nounced with a loud voice, The Lord be with you ; Ans. And with thy spirit. Let us pray. Lord have mercy upon us : Christ have mercy upon us : Lord have mercy upon us. All present then joined in the Lord's Prayer— Our Father who art in Heaven, &c.; after which tho following prayer was offered up by the Rev. Mr. Thomson: — Oh most glorious Lord God, whose throne is in the Heaven of Heavens, and the earth thy foot stool, look down we beseech Thee from thy dwelling place on high, and bless the under taking of Thy humble servants. We know O Lord that without Thee our works are vain; and that unless Thou build the house their labor is but lost that build it. Prevent us therefore in all our doings with thy most gracious favour, and further us with Thy continual help, in carrying on the work which we desire this day to begin in Thee, and in the name of Thy blessed Son. Bring it, if it be Thy good pleasure, to a happy comple tion ; and so send down Thy grace and be- nediction upon all who shall engage in or promote it, that Thy sanctuary may be to them the House of God and the Gate of Heaven. Graft in our hearts the love of Thy name : increase in us true religion ; nourish us with all goodness, and of Thy great mercy keep us in the same ; in the Communion of thy Church, and of all true believers who have pleased Thee in their several generations from the beginning of the world. Give us grace we beseech Thee so to follow the good example of these Thy servants, departed this life in Thy faith and fear, that with them we may be par- takers of Thy heavenly kingdom. Grant this O merciful Father, for the sake of Jesus Christ; who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever One God world without end. Amen. The following inscription to be placed upon a plate on the foundation stone, having been read by Mr Laing, the architect— THE FOUNDATION STONE OF St. PETER'S Council, in the Town of Melbourne, District of Port Phillip, and Colony of New South Wales, Built by Local Subscription, aided by an equal amount from the Colonis Government, was laid by His Honor Charles Joseph La Trobe, Esquire, Superintendent of Port Phillip, on the eighteenth day of June, A.D., 1846, and in the Ninth year of the Reign of Queen Victoria. William Grant BROUGHTON, D.D., Bishop of Australia. AdaM Compton Thomson, Minister or St. Jaues's Parish, Melbourne. James Simpson, } J ames Denham Pinnock, } Esquites, Trustees. I Robert Williams Pohlman, } Charles Laing, Architect. The Reverend Mr Thomson then said— "Dearly Beloved, — The occasion of our as sembling together this day is one of very great interest. We are met to commence an edifice in which the Great God our Saviour is to be wor shipped,— and in which the glad tidings of salva tion are to be made known. We have laid the foundation stone of a Church, in which, let us hope and pray, that many of us and of our children, and children's children, may receive the consolations of religion, and taste that the Lord is gracious. Within the walls to be erected on the foundation this day laid will also be celebrated those ordinances of religion which are associated with the most interesting periods and events in life. The children whom God gives, will be here presented to Christ, to be made his, by being taken and adopted into the family of God. The young will here be taught how they may be undefiled in the way and walk in the law of the Lord. Here they will come to ratify and confirm the Baptis- mal covenant, and to ask for the spirit of counsel and strength, the spirit of knowledge, and true godliness. Here too will the troth of pure love and affection be mutually pledged and God's blessing be given, when hearts are united and made one in the fear and love of God. And here will the feast of love be duly spread, for the strength ening and refreshing of our souls in the holy communion. By these, and by all the public ordinances of religion, to be administered in the edifice which we have now assembled to commence, the welfare of ourselves and of our children is promoted ; and by attending to these ordinances, and using them as means which God vouchsafes to bless, we the better and more beneficially discharge all the relative and social duties of life, and advance towards and be come fitted for the service of the glorious Temple above. On such an occasion as this, therefore, the thoughts may be profitably directed to these things, — and the consideration of the value and importance of having religious ordinance within your reach, will naturally prompt you to exert yourselves to see the edifice soon completed, and to make also such other provisions as may be required to obtain a clergyman to officiate, and to take charge of the Parish which will be allotted to the Church. I need hardly remind you that God, in spreading the salvation of the Gospel, works by means ; and that therefore you are to use the means that God's providence has put in your power, to promote his glory, and to further the salvation of yourselves and neighbours. The building of this Church is calculated and designed to promote true religion and godliness, and thereby to manifest the power of the Gospel, and redound to the praise and glory of God, and consequently it is your duty to assist in bringing the design to completion. That a church is needed in this locality will be readily admitted — the population in Richmond aod Col- lingwood is very great ; and the east end of the town of Melbourne will also greatly profit by a church being erected, and a clergyman supplied, for this locality. You, therefore, who reside in this neigbourbood see the duty that lies upon you, more particularly and especially, of giving of your substance to complete the church, the foun dation of which has this day been laid. The amount in the hands of the Treasurer is a little above £400 ; it will require another £400 to be raised by subscription, so as to prepare the build ing for the becoming performance of public wor ship. The Colonial Treasury will grant to the amount of £1000, provided an equal sum is raised by subscriptions ; but you ought to re member that this amount granted by government is designed for assisting in the erection of a par- sonage as well as a church. This ought not to be overlooked or kept out of sight ; for great incon- veniences sometimes arise from being forgotten or unprovided for. The church is calculated to cost £2000 to finish it, and about £1300 of this amount will be required to bring it so far forward as to have divine service performed within its walls. You, see, therefore, dearly beloved, what duties you have to perform in this respect; and I trust that God will in- cline your hearts to give liberally of that sub stance with which his Providence has blessed you. As members of the reformed Church of England, you are bound by duty and affection to establish her ordinances and minista- tions. Remember, I beseech you, that we are to be fitted by the gospel, and duly dispensed ordi nances for the beneficial discharge of our duties in this life, and for an entrance into the felicity of life eternal. By our most Holy Faith and its institutions and means of grace, we are to be rooted and built up in Christ ; in and by these ordinances we are to grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and are to be fitted and prepared for becoming living stories in the spiritual temple above, which is gradually rising from the spirits of just men made perfect, those who while in this life sought for a city having foundations, whose builder and maker is God. Be it your delight, then, as it is your duty, to promote the ordinances of the Christian Faith , as professed and taught by the pure and reformed branch of Christ's Holy Ca tholic Church, to which you belong ; use these ordinances to your soul's welfare, and bring up your children to love them, that so you and they may at last praise God the Saviour for ever and ever, in the temple of his glory above, where no sorrow enters, and where God is the portion of the soul for ever and ever." The Reverend Mr. Collins made a few observa tions which were universally admitted to be ill- chosen and irrelevent to the purpose. A collection was made upon the spot, but we fear the exertions of Messrs. Simpson and Pohl- man who undertook this somewhat important office, were not attended with that success which the well wishers of the undertaking could desire. The ceremony was concluded by the Rev. Mr. Thompson delivering the following blessing. The peace of God which passeth all understand ing, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God, and of His Son Jesus Christ our Lord : and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, he amongst you and remain with you always. Amen. Project of a Ship-of-War Rail way across France, uniting the English Channel with the Mediterranean Sea. — Marseilles, January 16, — The French papers are occupied now with a project of no ordinary boldness The Journal des Che- mins de Fers says of it : — "We are about to speak of a scheme, the realisation of which is enough to frighten the most enterprising. It is well known that for a fleet to arrive at the Channel from the Mediterranean Sea, that is, from the port of Toulon to that of Cherbourg for instance, it is necessary to pass through the Straits of Gibraltar, of which England is completely mistress on account of her hold on Gibraltar. This obligation, which in case of war with Eng land would be more inconvenient to us, has engaged the studious attention of Captain Guillemon, of the Engineers. The transfer by land of an entire fleet appears feasible to him, and this is how he would execute it. A railroad should extend across France, ter minating at two ports. A submarine frame work should be executed at the entrance of both of these; the railway should extend with the frame work, which might be con structed like a canal ; and an inclination should be given to the railway, so as to meet the bottom of the ship. This project is evidently a most gigantic one, and yet its application does not appear to us impossi ble. But what expense will be necessary to realise it? What precautions must be taken; what changes be made? A special railroad must be constructed, on account of the breadth ol the ship— 16 metres ; its height, 15 metres; and its weight, 2,700,000 kilogrammes, exclusive of furniture. This road we admit, might subserve other pur poses, but it would be necessary to connect it with the existing roads. The obligation of ever passing fifteen metres under the soil, in the intersection of routes, would necessi tate to the establishment enormous expense. The weight of the ship, which is 2,700,000 kil., would give per metre current near 45,000 kil.; while the rails in common use only support 5000. It would therefore be neces sary to multiply the lines of rails. There is another subject of difficulty, the importance of which may yet interrupt the realisation of M. Guillemon's project, and that is the straining of the ship's timbers out of the water. Is it not to be feared that she would fall on her keel? We sincerely trust that M. Guilletnon's project will be duly consi- dered by competent men. State of Her Majesty's Gaol — Melbourne, June 18, 1846.— Trial 1; transportation 2 ; remanded 1 ; other sta tions 4; hard labour 16; fines and con fines 26; lunatics 10; bail 3 — Total 63. Jerry's Plains. — A Murder. — On Tuesday evening a step son of Mr. Hurpur's, the postmaster, who had been in the bush looking for cattle, brought home a quantity of human bones, which he had discovered in a gully about three or four miles from Jerry's Plains. As they were evidently the remains of a human being and the youth stated there were more of a similar kind, half reduced to ashes amongst the embers of a fire that had been made in the same place, together with burnt portions of clothing (a specimen of which be had also brought with him), Mr. Harpur gave notice to the sergeant of the Mounted Police, and this morning, in company with that gentleman, Mr. Donnelly, and the boy, started to make an examination of the place described. Between three and four miles from Jerry's Plains, in a gully leading from Red bank Creek, and within a short distance of Mr. Hale's fence, they at length succeeded in finding the place, where, from what presented itself to their inspection, there can be no doubt the awful crime of murder had been con summated only a few weeks previously. The fire had been made in the bottom of a water course that ran through the gully, between two shelving banks of red earth, and the wood for it had ap- parently been collected here and there on either side of the gully. On the surface of the coals and ashes, for some of the wood remained, there were the arm bones, ribs, &c.;, of a human being ; portions of the clothing also, adhering to the flesh, which had been reduced by the fire to a black, porous, shining sort of substance, were plentifully scattered through the whole. Sup- posing, from the difficulty of consuming the head, that it might have been secreted elsewhere, a search was made at the end of the fire where, from the position of the body, it should have lain, and portions of the skull, jawbones, and some of the teeth, were raked out. At the opposite end of the heap were also found the charred heels of a pair of strong boots, the shoemaker's sprigs still sticking in them in regular rows. On the top of the bank, immediately above the fire, were the signs of a considerable quantity of blood, as if the body had laid there for some time previously to being rolled down, or probably, as was supposed, the murder had been there committed About a couple of yards from the spot the serjeant picked up the haft of a knife, resembling the haft of a shoemakar's knife, but composed of colonial wood ; and, after making sme remarks about it, it was suggested that the blade might be found in the ashes. A fresh search was accodingly made, and just about the middle of the fire a sharp- pointed blade, about seven inches long, was pointed out, a quantity of burnt blood still adhering to it, and which fitted exactly to the handle previously found.— Maitland Mercury, 6th June. The Convict Mahar. — The severe but necessary lesson read hy His Honor the Re sident Judge to the convict Mahar, now under sentence of transportation for life, for wounding Mr Argyle with intent to do grievous bodily harm, will no doubt have a salutary effect upon those, who to gratify the base passion of revenge, will not hesitate shedding of blood. The system of attacking quiet and unoffending spectators at the Melbourne Races, has been systematically pur- sued for the last three years, until upon the late occasion murder was nearly perpetrated in two instances, but notwithstanding every attempt by bribery and intimidation to screen the offenders, justice has triumphed and the majesty of the laws been upheld. It is understood that Mahar was a hired assassin upon the occasion of the as sault, and that so far from having any personal ill will to Mr. Argyle, that party was obliged to be pointed out to him by his employers as the party he was to attack, and that during the passing of the sentence, one of the principals was actually in the body of the Supreme Court listening to the proceedings. It was aptly observed by His Ho- nor the Resident Judge, "if such outrages can not be prevented, I will at least take care that they shall be adequately punished." We trust our criminal records will not again have to chronicle such disgraceful transactions. His Honor's judg- ment in this case has been the subject of much congratulatory comment throughout all classes of the community. Coroner's Inquest. — An inquest was held yesterday, upon the body of the unfortunate child Emma Hart, whose death as reported in our yesterday's publication, was caused by being thrown from Mr. Faithful's dray, in the vicinity of Collingwood, and the wheel unfortunately passing over her. The Jury after a patient investigation, returned a verdict of "Accidently killed," with a deodand of sixpence upon the wheel. Important Sale.— Drapers, dealers, and others, will do well not to omit the favorable opportunity which will this day be presented to them of picking up bargains, by attending the sale of Mr. Empson's, at the Stores of Messrs. Dunlop, M'Nab, and Co., which will commence at ten o'clock. Effect of Reduction of Duties. —During the Iast four or five years we have been acting on the admitted principle of removing pro hibitions — reducing duties, that is destroying pro tection to native industry. That has been the principle, whether right or wrong, on which we have acted, the removal of protection to native industry. Now, what this been the result ? I will give you the total amount of exports since the year 1839. The total value of British pro duce and manufactures exported from the United Kingdom was, in 1839, £53,000,000 ; in 1840, £51,000,000; in 1841, £51,000.000 ; in 1842, £47,000,000; in 1843, £52,000,000 ; in 1844, £58,000,000 ; that is the rise from the year when the great invasion upon the protection of domestic industry was made by parliament, was from £47,381,000, in 1842, to £58,500,000, in 1844. But it may be said the China trade made all the difference. Now, let us deduct the whole of that trade. In 1842 our exports to all the countries except China, amounted to £46,411,000 ; and in 1844 they increased by £10,000,000, amounting to £56,00000. For the last year we can only have the account for eleven months preceding December. In 1843 the exports of our principal articles of manufacture to all parts of tbe world, including China, amounted to £41,011,000 ; in 1844, to £47,312,000, and during the first eleven months of 1845, to £47,764,000. Such is the state of our foreign exports under this system of continued removal of protection. Now, let me take the revenue— the results of the revenue as bearing on this question — Ought there to be high protection in a country encumbered with an immense public debt and heavy taxation ? In 1842 I proposed a reduction in the Customs to the amount of £1,438,000 ; in 1844 I proposed a further reduction in the Customs' duties to the amount of £237,000; in 1845 to that of £2,418,000. I estimated the total loss from these reductions ot £4,129.000. How have these expec tations been realised ? Has £4,000,000 been lost ? The total amount of the loss has been £1,500,000. In the Excise Iast year there was a reduction of a million in duties ; the whole of the glass duties, the whole of the auction duties were taken off. The loss on that occasion was estimated at £1,000,000. Observe, that was no mere reduction of duties; there was no expectation, therefore, of recovering the revenue by increased consumption. I felt confident, that although the glass and auc tion duties were abolished, still, by vivifying other branches of industry I should derive some compensation. What will be the fact on the 5th of April ? I believe, that notwithstanding the total reduction, the absolute loss of a million, my firm belief is, the Excise will this year be more prosperous than ever. Notwithstanding these reductions, there has been a silent spring of pros perity which has supplied the void you caused by the remission of taxation. Well, then, with that evidence before me, could I contend, that on account of high taxation or great debt you must necessarily continue high protective duties ?I have shown you that my estimates as to loss in the Customs have been already falsified, that the Customs this year amount to nearly £20,000,000 that, comparing the Customs' revenue of 1845 with the Customs' revenue of 1842, after that diminution of taxation to the extent of £4,000,000 the Customs of this year, excluding from both years the revenue from foreign corn, are better by £100,000 than in the former year. — Sir Robert Peel on Anti-protection— house of Commons, 22nd Jan. Tenders.-— Up to twelve o'clock, noon, this day, tenders will be received at the Clerk of Works' office for supplying her Majesty's Customs here with beams and scales, measures, &c.;, &c.; Habeas Corpus.— On Wednesday, Mr George Barber, solicitor, moved, before his Honor in Chambers, for the discharge of the lad Hugh Patterson, who was confined in her Majes- ty's gaol until he could be removed to Sydney upon a warrant issued by Mr Henry M'Dermott, Mayor of Sydney, for absenting himself from his master's service. A writ of habeas corpus having been granted, Patterson was brought up, and the return having been read, Mr Barber argued that the warrant issued in Sydney was defective, the charge not being for absconding, but for absenting himself from his master's service, and for anything which appeared to the contrary, he might have been absent only for an hour, which was not on absconding Again, that the committal to Mel bourne gaol was illegal, he being confined there until he could be forwarded to Sydney, which might amount to an indefinite period ; whereas, since his first arrest, numerous opportunities had occurred by which he could have been forwarded. His Honor was of opinion there was no ground for the detention of Patterson, and directed his dis charge. Patterson is a respectable lad, and has only emigrated to New South Wales within the last 14 months. Hunting. — The Weiriby hounds have a "meet" to-morrow, at Bolinbrooke. Masonic. — The Brethren of the va rious Masonic Lodges in Melbourne intend dining at their respective Lodge Rooms on Wednesday next, the 24th instant, that being the Festival of St. John the Baptist. Odd Fellowship.— A new Lodge of Odd Fellows on the Manchester Unity will be installed at Geelong, on Wednesday next. A Hint to Jurymen. — It transpired during the late Criminal Session, that upon one occasion ten of the jury, rather than that one of their number who was ill, should be locked up, consented to fall in with the views of two who stood out, and recommended the prisoner to mercy. Fortunately for the ends of justice, this circumstance transpired in answer to a question from his Honor the Resident Judge, who remarked that, to no compromise whatever, would he give effect. Insolvent Court. — In the estate of Thomas Woolley, a caveat has been lodged by the Trustees in the Insolvent estate of Campbell and Woolley against the Insolvent obtaining his cer tificate. We have applied for permission to copy and publish this caveat as usual in all such cases, but to our very great surprise, it has been refused. Upon what ground such information is withheld from the press, and therefore the public we have yet to learn, but we can inform the Commissioner that such proceedings are looked upon with an eye of suspicion, more especially, where the pre sent is the first instance of such refusal since the opening of the Insolvent Court in this Province. In the time of the late Chief Commissioner, Mr. Verner, caveats were invariably posted up in the office alongside the application for the certificate, so that the whole world might become acquainted with the objections, now, however, the caveat is hid away in a corner until the application comes on, so that no creditor without paying for a certi fied copy, can become acquainted with its con tents. The Insolvent Court is as open to the public as the Supreme Court, and instead of sup pressing information should afford every facility for its proceedings going forth to the public. All suppressions have the very natural tendency of leading to the supposition, that there is something in the back ground which it would not be pleasant to bring to light. 