VARIETIES. WANTED, A TESTIMONIAL, BY COBBETT'S GHOST,—" The Shades.—PEEL—So you have come round to my way of thinking. Did I not years ago, long before I died and left you all statesmen and legislators floundering in the mud —in which mud the. last member of the House of Commons that arrived in these Shades tells me you are still sprawling—did I not, I say, week by week, publish and proclaim regularly through my Register, (a hundred thousand copies of which circulated weekly in this country, and as many in America), the immense value an importance, as an article of food of Maize or Indian Corn ? And did I not as often denounce and hold up to the execration of mankind that abominable bodystuffing and soul-destroying root, that hog-food the Potato ? Oh! and now you have introduced Maize or Indian Corn in Ireland as provision for the famishing populatian of that country. And you on your legs, m your place in the Commons' House of Parliament have declared your hope that the Irish will not acquire a taste for a higher species of food. Yes ; but you have forgotten to mention the circumstance that this higher species of food is MY Corn. It was very convenient to you, I dare say to forget this circumstance, but it is convenient to me to put you in mind of it— or at least to put the people of Kngland in mind of it, that 1 may not Peel be choused and diddled by you out of that credit which is justly due to me. No doubt, you would like to lead people by the nose, and persuade them that YOU had found out a remedy for the complaints of Ireland; whereas, the remedy is MY remedy, and 1 wonder that even You have ihe brass to try and pass it off for yours. But do not flatter yourself that you will succeed in this base attempt; and, siuce you will certainly not succeed n it you had better yet once, confess tbat yon are indebted to ME for the discovery of your Irish physic. I do not much care, indeed, to be stuck up as a marble image to be stared at by a set of gaping people ; but as you are going to have a parcel of such images in your new Houses of Parliament and I do not see how you could recompense me in any other way, I think you may as well put mine among them. If this is the most you can do, it is the least you can do But don't rig me out in any of your Roman togas. Represent me in my pepper and salt coat and waistcoat and drab bteeches, trampling a heap of potatoes under foot and holding a number of my Register (a hundred thousand copies of which circulated weekly in this country, and as many in America) in one hand, and a blade of MY corn (which you want to call yours) in the other WILLIAM COBBETT." A correspondent writes to the Builder— u Some time since your publication contained an account of the invention of malleable glass by some gentleman in France. In Wanley's ' Wonders ef the Little World,' you will find, as I did when a lit- j iJtle boy, that a man submitted to the burgo-nasters 1 of Amsterdam a glass bottle, which be bent by J violently thxowing it upon tbe pavement, and then j hammered it into its former state ; but he was j iound dead in the high road on the ensuing morn- ] ing. Mr Samuel £therege Acton, the father o^> the late Mr Samuel Acton, of Euston-square, discovered the method of making malleable glass, but, with a commendable, though mistaken kiyd feeling, he steadily refused to disclose the secret, lest it should deprive the glass manufacturers of subsistence." A native of Kentuckey, with a railway imagination, wishes to know when the equinoctial line is to be opened. THE OLD SCHOOL.—The Poor Oid School! Its roof must be nearly falling in from long exposure and internal decay, and its party walls, which the old gentleman used to mention with such pride as being the great pillars which supported the entire fabric—where are they now ? The walls were so thick, and the divisions between each party at one time so wide, that one would have fancied no force or coalition in the world could have knocked them down. But alas! the truth must be told ; there is not a party left standing in the house; they have all been sent to tbe wall long since ! The Catholic Emancipation must have giveu the^ foundation of the Old School a tremendous shfctP^ ing. The Reform Bills must have shattered the crazy building dreadfully. The Church and Law Reforms, weak as they were, must have pulled its walla about its venerable ears, and the Corn Law will »bout sweep away the last brick there was left remaining of the Old School, by which men of the present day could judge, as from a sample, what a confined, unhealty, low, unsightly, corrupt dungeon of a place the entire edifice was. And t 1 to think that the law was given to England for hundreds of years, fiom the professors, the bigwhigs, and the Tories of the Old School is now regularly floored. The ground it once occupied is clear, and our hope is, as soon as all the rubbish is swept away, that it may be employed to & good purpose, in rearing, on a basis of broad huinanity, such an edifice as shall be a proud monu- - men* to future ages, of England's national strength and happiness. Sir Robert Peel has already laid the foundation stone, in the shape of that fine old brick, Free Trade, and let us all join hearts and hands to help him in erecting and perfecting, and making as strong as possible, what we may, in conrradistinction to the Old, call the New School. HORRIBLE—IF TRUE.—The Phare des Pyrenees gives the following rather incredible account of an affiir which, it says, has just occurred in oue of the valleys or the Navarre, near the French frontier:—" A few days since an individual in female apparel entered a lone house and demanded hospitality. The inhabitants of tbe house consisted of a man, his wife, and a young child. They soon discovered that their guest was 110 other than a man in disguise, and as night was approaching, the husband not liking the appearance of his guest went out at a back door, to seek assistance from the nearest neighbour. During his absence the wife became alarmed, and went into an adjoining room, the door of which she fastened. The man wished to follow her, but being unable to do so, told her at once the object of his visit, which was to possess himself of the turn of money which they bad received for the sale of corn a few days before, and threatened, if it was refused to kill her child, which, in her fright, she had left in the room with him. The vroman not imagining he would commit such a crime, and being in momentary expectation of her husband's return, still refused to open the door. The screams of her child, however, soon told her that the wretch had put his threats into execution. - Having rccomplished the deed of blood by cutting the poor little creature's throat, he again endeavoured to open the door of the room in which the woman had taken lefuge, but not being able to effect his purpose, he broke a hole in the partition, through which he began to force himself, On seeing his head through the aperture, the woman in a fit of desperation, seized him by the hair, and with a reaping hook, which fortunately for her lay within reach, actually cut off his head* The husband soon after returned, and his horror may be imagined on seeing bis child with its throat cut, and the headless trunk of his treacherous guest lying in a pool of blood, and in the next room, his wife in a swoon, with a human hei'd at her feet!" AMERICAN WAITERS.—In some of the firstrate hotels in America, the waiters go through their various evolutions in military style, but in none which 1 visited were they performed with so much precision as at Cataract House, Niagarra Falls. The thunder of the gong at this hotel had scarcely died away in the hall before the numerous company had arrived in the dining-room, where, the ladies having taken their seatB, gentlemen were allowed to take theirs. Behind thre«» * long rows of tables there stood, at regular distances, about thirty waiters dressed in white, looking like so many statues. On a signal from the ' master of ceremonies, or fugleman, they advanced to the tables, lifted off the covers simultaneously, marched in military steps into the ante-room, and quickly returned to wait on the company. Soups, viands, &c.; being over, they again stood at attention, and the signal being again given, tbe dishes * were all at once taken from the tables and carried out as before, in military step. Presently, the whole force returned, and a somewhat different disposition was made. They formed in three divisions of five each, and took their stations on the left of the tables, one company to cach of the three rows. The first man of each company had ' a tray and a crumb-brush, the second plates, the third kulves, the fourth forks, and the fitth spoons. On the signal be ng given, the tray men led off,, made one stroke with the brush at each etep of r the right foot, and were followed by the plate men, the knife men, the fork men, and the spoon men, who deposited each one at every tread of the right foot; thus they marched, in slow military step, raising and dipping their white arms ^ (I mean white sleeves, for the men were all blacks), at the same time, like the oars of a boat. In this manner they went rocking round the tables until each guest was furnished with a clean ciean set of eating tools. Auxiliaries followed, handed to these three companies additional &c.; This operation being gone through, eh, fife whole marched out of the room, and shortly returned, bearing in each hand a dish of pastry, and,* again stood behind the tables as at first. All at once they advanced, put dowc the light hand dishes, and, after a momentary pause, the others, making two distinct smart reports on the tables, not in the feu-de-joie fashion, but all at once, as we shoot with church bells.—Extract from a Journal. A.i . L^Ji>t: Printed and PubUshttd every baturdsj Morning, by George Stevenson, at Mr Plait* * oftc* Auction Mart, Hindley-street. November 21, 1846. 