SPECTRAL ILLUSIONS. It is when the brain and nervous system have been shattered by moral causes, or by the sequelae of physical ones, that the most curious phenomena occur as regards the visual powers. The author of the Diary of a Late Phy- sician has published a ludicrous paper of the spectre dog, which followed the man wherever he might be, he could not shake him off, either in his walks, or in his bedroom, or in the stage-coach : the dog was always there. I know not whether this story be founded on fact or not, but a case very similar occurred to a gentleman, who related it to me. In great distress of mind, he had taken a quantity of laudanum with the intent to poison himself. It did not accom- plish what he intended, but was pro- ductive of most distressing nervous affections. Among others, as soon as he was in bed at night, he saw a dog lying at the foot of his bed upon the floor. He got out of bed to verify it — the dog vanished ; when he returned to his couch, there was the dog again. The most singular item in the history was, that his mind could not rectify the error ; the visual impressions overcame the rational powers. He would leave his bed two or three times the same night to be shamed by a phantom ; and this lasted for full six weeks. At a sub- sequent period, and previously to his death, which was a melancholy one, he was haunted night after night by a chess-board with men upon it. That ghosts and apparitions have appeared to people cannot be doubted. Carlyle has alluded to the history of Luther and the blue-bottle fly, and referred it naturally to that imperfect state of the seasonal powers when debilitated by physical exhaustion or moral causes. It is no where recorded that two people ever saw a ghost at the same time and in company. It might so happen, that of two men walking down a lane at night, one should fancy he saw a ghost and point it out to the other, whose fear might persuade him that be saw something; but no two men at the same time, and in each other's com- pany, ever saw the same spectral form before their eyes. — Sir George Lefevre. 