Police Reports. A PICKLE.—On Monday An impudent down looking old thief, named Bridget Walsh, was charged by a butcher of Pitt- street, named Preston, with having invaded his pickle tub, and cabbaged a quantity of beef. The case was several times re- manded ; and as legal proof was not brought home she was discharged, with the intimation that she had made a narrow escape ; upon which she made her ' lucky' with a celerity unexpected at her years. A PLEASANT NEIGHBOUR.—Mr. W. T. Cowper made application that a neighbour, named Jackson, be bound over to keep the peace towards him. Jackson, who was disgustingly abusive, even in Court, elicited in the course of cross-examina- tion as much as any Counsel for the " prosecution" could desire, it being proven that he pushed the complainant, shook his fist in his face, and chal- lenged him to a rowdy fight, which blackguard in- vitation was unpolitely responded to by an introduc- tion to the Mayor, who, after a patient hearing, in which the doings of a third person were copiously dilated upon by the defendant, ordered him to en- ter into the requisite sureties. PETTY PILFERING.—Donald Gun was accused by Mr. J. F. Jonhstone of having stolen sundry books, a pencil-case, and a pair of ancient trousers, from his house. The complainant de- posed, that in his absence the prisoner and his wife had access to his house, and upon his return he perceived that many and sundry articles had got in- to some other inventory than his own. Having sus- picion that Gun was a " picker up of unconsidered trifles", he had his house searched, and the arti- cles produced, found therein, was his property. Gun, in defence, averred that Mrs. J., who was since deceased, had given him them to sell for her, which probable tale the Mayor told him " might" be believed by a Jury, and committed him for trial. CONNUBIAL JOYS.—Mary Cutter ap- peared in the witness-box as a specimen of forlorn womanhood, and accused her faithful spouse with having forsaken his domestic happiness, and co- habited with one of those fair temptations which abound on the rocks. On the preceding evening he had returned, but not to comfort her, having thrown her down, damaged the beauty of her frontispiece, torn her unmentionable, and rummaged the bed for her " hidden treasure," caring not a hair for the disorder he had occasioned, or the fright of her childer. Cutter declared that on Tuesday week, when she was rather cut, she smashed the teapot in her tantrums, and they had to boil the beverage in the kettle, when she was so mystified that she scalded him, while pouring it out of the lid, hold- ing on by the spout ; and on his remonstrating she called him (the usual choice phrase) ——— ; and she had some time since proved herself a true 'cutter', by cutting at him with a knife. After a little squabble the happy helpmates agreed to try a second edition of matrimony. MILLER AND HIS MEN.—David Reeves was accused, by Mr. Robinson, with being a party to stealing nine bags of flour. Only hearsay evi- dence was adduced, and Reeves shook a few reefs out and vanished from the Court. The complain- ant explained that he had been robbed, and Reeves would for £2 allow his own share in the villainy, and implicate his associates ; but he would try it on with another of the gang. AN INSPIRED BACCHANAL. —Thomas Cochrane appeared to answer the complaint of Charles Lewis, his landlord, who averred that he came home in a shocking state of mind, and began to pray like a thrice-paid ranter, or a hungry local preacher ; he denounced an evil spirit, which then crouched under the pillow, and finally nestled itself between his toes, peeping under the nails ; he next ran out speedily re-appearing, and having changed his trousers, he stamped about all parts of the room on his knees, praying like bricks ; he pulled witness off the sofa, begging him to pray ; after that he rushed out and stopped short at a post near the Barrack-gate, which he embellished with his dingy castor, and by bellowing out supplications brought a crowd around him, whom he implored to pay homage to his all gracious tile. He again came to his house, and begged a constable to beat in the door, bawling out " they're cutting up dead bodies, don't you hear 'em sharpening the knives !"' Witness enumerated a volume of vagaries perpetrated, and closed his narrative by saying, that he last of all politely asked for the loan of a razor to cut com- plainant's wife's throat, which he declined to accom- modate him with, and gave him into custody. Cochran, who was perfectly composed, and whose countenance was o'erspread with a dubious grin during thc recital, was remanded, and next day dis- charged with a caution, his madness being induced by intemperance. William Kerr charged Samuel Samuels with having struck him on the muzzle. By cross- examination the defendant elicited that a wager had been made between Kerr and another man, who were disputing as to whether the ' hog' won should be melted down. Samuels offered a treat, and passed some "jeu d' esprit", upon which Kerr re- torted with an infamous insult upon his Hebrew connections. The defendant then grew cross, and squared up for a round ; complainant squared also, and to his chagrin and amazement the claret was tapped by Samuel's mawleys. Complainant, like a regular cur, dropped the contest, and appealed to his big brother the law. The Mayor readily de- cided that Kerr had angled for a flounder ; and having found the root of the offence, he squared the matter by judgment for the defendant. Israel Henry was committed on another charge, having obtained money on false pretences from a carpenter named Wright. Several other delinquencies were in the way of being preferred against him, but it was considered that his chance of returning to Hobart Town was sufficiently secure. A FATHERLY MATE.—A seaman named John Jones accused James Ellis, the chief officer of the Rifleman, with having, on the 16th April, violently assaulted him without provocation, by blows on the body and on the mouth, drawing a stream of claret which flowed in gentle rills for a considerable time. Mr. Brennan appeared for Jones, and Mr. Keck, whose splendid maiden speech we have not space for, conducted the defence. The evidence of Jones, the cook, and a seaman, showed that the complainant had gone below to change his night-gear for day-clothes, a common thing in fair weather, and an order which Jones had not heard had been given meanwhile. On his arrival on deck, Ellis threatened to rope's-end him, to which he responded he " did not come on board to be rope's ended." . The mate then struck him on mouth, and followed it up with a peppering of 1¾ inch rope. No insolence was offered, and the assault was admitted by the defendant's counsel, who in his " maiden" broached a new idea as to maritime jus- tice, " seamen can never expect to be treated like landsmen in cases of assault," which luminous axiom was properly scorned by Mr. Brennan and the Mayor. Jones finally agreed to take his wages and discharge rather than go again on board, and as the mate threw himself upon the mercy of the court, the case was so arranged. A SNEAK.—John Mar was charged by Mr. Adams, of Pitt-street, with spiriting away his midnight comforts. He had left his room a few minutes, and returning in the dark caught the prisoner, who had formerly been employed on the premises with the bed-snuggery on his arm. Mar, in his defence, said he had tried to get shut of somebody, and wanted to " disguise" himself. The bundle not being a judicious disguise, he was fully committed and bundled off to Keck's cheap lodging house. A LOBSTER HUNT.—A soldier of the 99th was charged by George Calvin, a resident in Goulburn-street, with having illegally entered his premises during the small hours of the preceding night. The fellow, who was rather beyond march- ing order, had gained admittance by the window, and had stepped upon a child, whose cries awakened the family. Calvin attempted to catch the lobster, who retreated crab-fashion till he had reached the window, through which, he kicked a free egress, and then showed his heels to great advantage. Witness, though he had little more to boast of than the fig- leaf, followed in sharp pursuit, his thin snowy drapery fluttering in the midnight zephyrs, to the intense admiration of the few stray Nymphs of Diana, who were near to enjoy the spectacle. The chase continued until past Liverpool street, bear- ing much of the characteristics of a short coated ghost pursuing a scarlet goblin. The intervention of a blue devil checked the career of the red fugitive, who was consigned to durance. The Bench ordered him to be handed over to his regiment. COOK RIVER SQUABBLES.—John and Catherine Austin appeared to show cause why they should not be bound over to keep the peace towards Robert Welch. The parties resided at Cook's River ; and Welch stated that Austin had threatened to knock his sanguinary brains out—to put him in the creek, and to spiflicate him in sundry ways ; and had not a little child been with him these horrible menaces would have been fulfilled. The wife also had stimulated Austin in his atrocities, and had come upon complainant, like a roaring lion, with a child in his arms, calling him all the " squint-eyed ——— (the epithets are in daily use at all the cab stands). The row arose from some cattle straying, and as both parties appeared equally implicated the case was dismissed. An ex Trooper of the Mounted Police, and the landlord of the house where he lived, were brought up by Constable Felix M'Bride, who stated he had information that the first had a stolen horse in his possession, and the landlord knew it to be stolen. The fellow had not one tittle of evidence, and the accused were discharged, after the sitting magistrate has severely reprimanded the constable for his rascally interference. The Rifleman.—James Anderson, a sea- man, belonging to the Rifleman, was charged by " Ellis the mate," with threat- ening to strike him. The defendant, who was ordered to find sureties to keep the peace, had to take the other alternative, but first took the chance of complaining bitterly of the treatment he and his mess- mates had received during the voyage. A Bum-boot Spree.—Mary Farrell, a loose-tongued Hibernian, on Thursday brought up on a charge of assault against John Ward, a bumboat man, against his helpmate. Molly, on entering the box ap- peared to think her high place gave her un- limited range in the choice of accusations ; she deposed that she agreed to take turn about in serving the man-of-war. Mrs.Ward got in the way and prevented the sailors getting into her boat ; and in remons- trance called complainant (a bitter looking vixen) a sanguinary cyprian, though in coarser terms, and offered to prove the scandal. Mr. Nicholls cross-examined Farrell, who confessed that the choice and popular water epithet bl——y w—— might have been handed back to the defendant— as they were both of the same trade she had reason to apply the term,—both of them served the man-of-war's crew. Wit- ness swore that Ward had raised his leg at her, and that the woman struck her to the damage of her blooming countenance. A man, named Lehart appeared to support Farrel. But his evidence proved that the two amazons got into a hurra squabble, and mauled each other in the boat,—he did not know whose tongue went the fastest, and then that they kept up a volley of obscene abuse, which scared the tars out of the propriety. The case was evidently a disreputable quarrel, in which both parties were equally implicated, and was accordingly dismissed. A Paymaster. —Thomas Burke and James Williams severally charged their master, James Hay, a cabinetmaker, with refusing to pay their wages. The defendant contended that a fair share of work had not been performed—to which a response was made that they were employed in other matters for him. The Mayor decided that, having engaged them at a daily rate of wages, he was bound to pay, however in- adequate their return in labour might be, and found verdicts for the complainants, who were to be paid within ten davs ; where- upon they expressed considerable anxiety as to his propinquity at the time appointed, when there was in their opinion more likeli- hood of his taking a sight at them than of their getting a sight of him. Jane Mason was charged with having stolen a dress and a kerchief, the property of Mrs. Henrietta Nathan, who stated that she saw the prisoner wearing the articles in Pitt-street, and gave her in charge. Mason asserted that they were given to her by her husband, upon which she was remanded, and a warrant for his appre- hension granted. On Friday, Jane and William Mason were placed at the bar ; when Mrs. Nathan deposed that, about ten months ago, Mason was employed in repairing her house, and had frequent access to the various apart- ments. Many articles of dress, &c.;, were missed at that time : the dress and kerchief were identified. Mason, in his defence, said that he bought the goods at an auc- tion, and, if he had stolen them, he would not have let his wife wear them publicly. He was fully committed for trial. 