OUTPOURINGS, Powerand the poker. — Hintto biographers.— Sir Richard Birnie. — Stoddart and the bushrangers. — Weston's loyalty. — Sharpe. — The two Smiths, &c.;— W arde — Fuse played off upon him. — Betty. — His going the rounds with Power.— Rencontre in the camnet. — ivewgaie. — first appearance on the scanold. — iiod C . — Advantageous investment.— Soiree at Power's. — Members of the Burlington. — Stanfield. — Abbott — Paul Bedford, &c.;— Monster punch bowl.— Persiflage.— Improvis ing. On entering the drawing-room in King-street one morning, I found Power fighting the air furiously with the poker. Dubious of his sanity, 1 paused on the threshold. " Oh ! come in," cried he, laughing. " Don't be afraid, I'm only rehearsing." " Rehearsing ?" " Yes ; a liftle part I expect to be called on to play in the course of the morning. There's a fellow going about— some reptile, belonging to a periodical just started, who's engaged to write our biographies. He called on C yesterday for hush- money, and I've no doubt he'll be at me. If I find be means to attempt my life, I mean to return the compliment ; so I'm just getting my hand in a little— ha 1 ha ! ha ! That's all." It appeared that C— — was at breakfast when a stranger was announced. " Mr. C ," said the latter, " I'm engaged to write your life in the forthcoming number of The — — . Now there are two ways of doing this. I can either write you up, or—" " Write me down, I suppose," said C . The stranger smiled, drew his chair closer, and whispered something into C 's ear. "Good Heaven's!" exclaimed C , turning pale, "you wouldn't tell that! If it got into print just now I should be ruined— I shonld never be allowed to appear on the London boards again !" Now L — — was, is, and always has been, a highly respectable man. But — " Nemo mortalium omnibus horis sapit." There are passages in every man's life which, on the prineiple of the three crows, may be represented to his prejudice. The stranger's whisper referred to some youthful peccadillo, venial enough in itself, but which C— saw, properly vamped up and peppered, might ruin him in the present state of public feeling, which, owing to circumstances, happened, just at that precise period, to run strongly against the stage and its professors. " I've no wish to injure you, or hurt your feelings," resumed the stranger ; " but my duty to the public — " " What's your price ?" interrupted G— — , who saw the neces sity of propitiating him. "How much am I to give you to sup press it ?" " Two hundred pounds 1" returned the other, encouraged by C . 's fears. The amount startled C It recalled him to his better self. He did now what he ought to have done the moment he comprehended the motive of the man's visits— ordered him opt of the house, and refused to give him one farthing. C mentioned the matter next morning to Sir Rchard Birnie, adding, " I'd a great mind, Sir Richard, to have kick'd he rascal out." " Why didn't you ?" exclaimed the indignant magistrate ; he'd have got no redress if he'd come to me." One day I dined at Power's with Sharpe, the artist, and Mr. Stoddart, of Sydney Stoddart, who had formerly been a book seller in the Strand, gave us a very interesting account of his being robbed and detained by the bushrangers. While pro ceeding to a farm he possessed up the country, a voice hailed him from the bush. Bending on his saddle, he put spurs to his horse, when a bullet whistled over his head. Convinced, from the wretched state of the road, that he had no chance of esca ping, he deemed it prudent to pull up. Four ruffians now rushed from the bush and seized his bridle. " You did night to pull up, Mr. Stoddart," said the ring leader, addressing him by his name. " The next shot must have floored you. I'll trouble you for what money you have about you. You've nothing to fear," continued he, when Stoddart had complied with this requisition. " We can't let you go yet, but we'll treat you civilly." And with this they led him a con siderable distance through the bush to their bivouac, where they shared with him what provisions they had, besides giving him a glass of grog and a cigar. These " minions of the moon" freely discussed their plans be fore Stoddart. They mentioned, without the least reserve, their intention of robbing this settler, burning out that,&c.;,&c.; Nay, they even commissioned Stoddart to tell a neighbour of his, who had made himself particularly obnoxious to these miscreants, " that he was booked, and would get his gruel the first oppor tunity." "We know we shall all be hanged, Mr. Stoddart," said the ringleader, at parting, " but. we're resolved to lead a merry life, and enjoy ourselves while we can. But let those who meddle with or resist us look to themselves. Good night 1" Sharpe mentioned Margate. He asked Power how his friend. Weston was. " Oh ! what the King's tailor 1" said. Power, laughing. "Ay! you remember I used often to have a chat with him on the.pier. Ha! ha! ha! Weston's veneration for George the Fourth was certainly most amusing— ha ! ha ! ha ! — the oddest species of loyalty. " Talk of the Duke of York i" he used to say, 'Phoo ! what's the Duke of York, sir? — What's there in managing an army ? — Any man may manage an army — there's nothing in that. But put a pair of shears into his hand, sir — just put a pair of shears into his hand, and let us see what he can do then ! But the King, sir ! The King, Mr. Power ! There's a man 1 Ah! the King's got some nouse in him ! — he's a genius ! — he under stands it ! — he knows what's what, sir ! Just putapair of shears into his hand ! — Just see htm. cut a wrinkle out ! Why, he un derstands it, ay, almost as well as I do; Ob ! the King's a ge nius, sir ! — a very great genius ! Why, now, if any misfortune was to happen that man, Mr. Power, if he was obliged to work, for his bread, I'd give him five, ay, six guineas a-week only to cut out for me !' " Sharpe painted humourous subjects with great ability. He liked good living, and his rubber ; accompanied himself on the piano to comic songs of his own composition, and possessed aa inexhaustible store of anecdotes and ghost-stories, which latter he retailed with all the gusto ot a true believer, to.the inexpres sible dismay of all the young ladies of his acquaintance. One day Elliston with the two Smiths dined with Sharpe. His cellar waxed low, but his guests liked their wine. Sharpe scrawled with his pencil on a card, " Send for some port to the public house — quick and slipping it into the servant's hand, whispered him to give it to his mistress, who immediately dis patched the man lor half-a-dozen of port, w hich arrived just as a fresh bottled was wanted. "Now, fortune send they've drunk top much to find out the difference !" prayed Sharpe to himself, as he passed the bottle. " Of course it's regular black-strap. I'll not touch it myself if I can help it." His guests drank— smack'd their lips — drank again — and re placed their glasses. Sharpe's ears tingled— be sat upon thorns — he wished himself at the antipodes ! " They've found it out" — what a shabby dog they'll think me." "Sharpe, you're a capital fellow!" exclaimed Elliston. "You ought to have your statue erected. Where did you get that wine ? It's without exception the best of it's kind I ever tasted." " I was just going to make the same remark," said Horace Smith, holding up his glass to the light. " Did you import it yourself, Sharpe, or did you get it from Durrant ?" " Hope you've a full bin of it," pursued his brother James, after draining his glass ; ha ! ha ! ha ! Any bin but the has been, you know. Eh, Sharpe 1 especially where such wine as this is concerned." " Yes ! I knew I should catch it— I knew I should get pre-, ciously badgered about it," cried poor Sharpe, " but the fact is—" " Pshaw! toss off your wine, man, aud pass the bottle," in terrupted Elliston, impatiently. " I want another glass." Sharpe obeyed, but, to his infinite surprise, found the black strap most excellent claret ! Next morning he went to the public-house. " Ah ! I know what your come about, Mr. Sharpe," said the landlord as soon as he saw him ; " you've come to scold me for sending you that sour port. But it wasn't my fault — it wasn't, indeed, sir. It was the only port 1 had, and 1 told your servant it wasn't fit for gentlemen to drink, but he said he must have it, sir, and so I gave it him." " Where did you get it ?" inquired Sharpe. " At a sale, sir, I bought six dozen of it. But it's so plaguy thin and sour that none of my customers will drink it." " Have you much left?" said Sharpe, carelessly. " Nearly the whole lot, sir — I don't suppose I've used half- a-dozen bottles. It only does to make negus of. I only wish I could get somebody to take it ofi my hands, I know. He should have it a bargain." "Well, I dont't care if 1 take it," said Sharpe. "You, sir!" " Yes, the fact is that sort of light viae agrees with me." In half an hour the whole batch w» snug in Sharpe's cellar. One night Sharpe was playing at loo with his brother Henry. He won every trick. " Now, sing your song of triumph over me," said Henry, pee vishly. " I will," said Sharpe, laughing, " I'll sing Hal-I-loo-ym !" I sometimes met Warde in King-street, Warde was a, Bath tnan. His real name was Prescott. He was originally in the artillery ; but his success as an amateur induced him to turn his sword into a truncheon, and adopt the stage as a profession, in which, with common prudence, he might have realized an in dependence. Warde was at the head of second class tragedians. Though his features were petits, and his action somewhat fonpaj, his person, on the whole, was good, and he declaimed finely. I thought his Faulkland excellent. With the exception of Young, I never saw an actor play that wayward personage better. Practical jokes were sometimes played off upon Warde. One day he went down with Power and a large party to eat white bait at Greenwich. He had scarcely seated himself, when a gentleman, on the opposite side of the table, requested Warde would change places with him, as the light from the window hurt his' eyes. Warde had no sooner complied with this requi sition than another gentleman from the bottom of the room, begged that he might be permitted to sit next to his brother, who was on Warde's right, upon which our tragedian again shifted his seat. "Warde!" shouted Power, who was in the chair, "you mustn't sit there, you're in the draught, man ! Here, come up here; we can easily make room for you!" and Warde, who dreaded catching cold, eagerly obeyed the summons. Here, it was discovered that the sun must annoy him, and not withstanding he declared that he rather liked it than otherwise, he was once more obliged to vacate his seat, and move to the opposite side of the table. " My dear Warde," exclaimed G , starting up, " I can't permit you to help that dish ; you'll get no dinner. Allow me to take the trouble off your hands ; I insist upon it./ In vain Warde assured him the trouble was a pleasure ; in vain he protested he like carving above all things, and was tired of changing his chair ; move he must. G was inexorable — he made a point of it. The whole company seconded him, the president decided in his favor ; and, in a word, under one pre text or other, these Don Pedro Positives obliged poor Warde to make the entire giro of the table before he could swallow a morsel. Betty, the ci-devant Young Roscius, paid great deference to Power, who exercised a beneficial influence over him. The Falstaff face and bulky figure of this gentleman, made it diffi cult to believe he had once been that youthful phenomenon, whose extraordinary personal and intellectual graces had intoxi cated a kingdom ; for whose presence peeresses contended ; whose slightest indisposition made managers tremble ; while all ranks, yea, the very princes of the blood, rushed, with feverish impatience, to consult the daily bulletins issued by his physi cians ; I never saw Betty without feeling inclined to exclaim with Job Thornberry, " La ! were you that pretty boy 2 How you are altered !" But there was one thing in Betty which time had not altered — a kind and benevolent heart ; and that most assuredly he still possesses. Betty's failure as a tragedian in his riper years is a curious fact. Notwithstanding the excellence of his tutelage, there is no reason to doubt that in boyhood he displayed a capacity far beyond his years. Did the strain upon this thus early, prevent its ripening 2 Metaphyscians, decide ! One night Power and Betty, after supping together, agreed to go the rounds, and investigate those mysteries which Modern Babylon, during the darker hours, offers to the speculative and the curious. About four o'clock in the morning, these two philo sophers found themselves at the door of one of those early pub lic-houses, which open at daybreak for the accommodation of those, whose callings, lawful or unlawful, render such resorts necessary. Here, the thief, the prostitute, and the ancient oharley met, at the close of their professional labors, on neutral ground, and solace themselves, after the fatigues of the night, with hot mulled wine, strongly spiced, before they turned in to sleep like owls through day, in which the majority of them de lighted not. " Shall we go in 2" quoth Betty. " Ay, push on," said Power. " Let us see all we can, Harry." So in they went. The place was crowded with wretched remnants of humanity, poor done-up creatures, alike hopeless and reckless, the off scourings of the community, all eagerly clamouring for that liquid lethe which was to afford them a temporary oblivion, but which apparently was not forthcoming quite so soon as their cravings for this indispensable stimulus required. " Curses deep aadloud" resounded through the pandemonium. " Why don't they bring the hot stuff," muttered in a hoarse voice a dirty-looking drab, who had seated her quaggy carcass on the counter, and was swinging her mill-post legs to and fro. " Do they think," continued this amiable personage with an oath, we ha'vnt money to pay for it ?" Here her eye caught Betty's. " Why, it's Betty !" exclaimed she with anouher oath, after staring at him for a moment. Then springing from the counter, she threw her arms around the astonished object of her scrutiny, and honored him with a salute. Alas! there was a time when Betty would have esteemed this an honor. " Why, don't you know me 2 — have you forgotteu me," con tinued she, as Betty half stifled, disengaged himself from her embrace; "I'm Harriet B !" Then rapping out another oath, she added, " you needn't look so shy at me ! Many a glass of champaigne you've had at my table." This was too true. In the bloated, brutalized object now scowling on him, Betty, with difficulty, recognised the once grateful and elegant Ninon, whose smiles senators coveted, and whom, two little years before, he remembered at the head of a handsome establishment, revelling in all the luxuries of the town. Surely more , much more, might he done for these unfor tunates ! Few women are naturally vicious. Yet many fall, and when they fall, they fall for ever ! Is this just? Is it politic? Dropping a sovereign into the hand of this unfortunate, our philosophers proceeded to the Old Bailey, where two murderers were to be executed. Betty, who happened to know the sheriff, sent in his card, on which they were admitted into the interior of the prison. Here, while exploring a long dark passage, a large bell suddenly boomed over their heads. Anxious to escape this dismal knell, they rushed up a flight of steps, and found themselves — on the scaffold ! " Here they are, Bill !" exclaimed a voice among the crowd, who immediately rang the welkin with their execrations, Well do I remember Power's describing the horror he felt at thus unexpectedly making his debut on such a stage, and expe- rie icing such a reception ! Honest Bob C ! Who that visited in King-street, has forgotten thee 2 Bob was an excellent companion, for he preferred listening to talking; and would sit for hours, no matter where, provided he had his tipple. I shall never forget going to see Power play in the City,— where, Heaven knows, for I'm sure I don't; but the theatre had been a chapel, and Poa er's dressing room was a sort of rhomboid under a staircasie, m which every angle in the building seemed assembled n general congress. Power, dressed for Dr. O' Toole, sat wedged luto a niche, with his hands on his knees, and his head held forward for fear of damaging his wig ; a posture more conve nient than elegant. Father of the present tragedian. " Bob! hand Canter the porter," said Power. . " Bob ! echoed I, hitting my head against the ceiling. " Is Bob with you 2" And there, sure enough, in the angle formed by the stairs, with the floor, Bob had ensconced himself, with a huge porter- pot between his legs. Ay, and there, too, he would have remained till doomsday, always providing the aforesaid pot had been regularly replenished. Bob had a legacy left him. The executor inquired what he intended doing with it. Bob didn't know — supposed he must purchase consols. " I've a capital spec in view," said the executor, lolling against the chimney-piece. " Capital — I shall net fifty — ay, if I said seventy per cent, by it, I dare say, I should speak within the mark." " Deuee you would," grunted Bob. " You'll only get three per cent, in the funds," resumed the executor, after a pause ; " only three." " Only three," said Bob ; " that's all." " Mr. C— !" said the merchant, suddenly erecting himself, and seizing Bob's hand, " I've a regard for you, a very great regard indeed ; and, to prove it, I'll do for you what I wouldn't do for my own brother ; if you like to leave this money with me, you shall have a share in this speculation." "You don't mean it 2" said Bob, squeezing the merchant's hand in return. "I do though— I'm quite serious," returned the latter warmly. " The fact is, Bob, you're a capital good fellow, and I'm glad in the opportunity of serving you ; so say no more, say no more, my good sir. We'll consider the matter settled. Here, Mr. Allen ! Show Mr. C out, ha, ha, ha, good morn ing — business you know ;" and away went Bob, overjoyed with his investment. A year — eighteen months — two years passed — and not a word of his venture. Bob thought he might as well inquire about it. Accordingly he repaired to Austin Friars, and asked if Mr. D. was in. " He is, sir," replied the clerk, with a smirk ; " but he's en gaged at present. Can I do your business for you, Mr. C 2" " Why, I called about the speculation, — which—" " Ah ! I see," interrupted the clerk : " that South American business — yes, yes,' 1 understand. Allow me — a word, Mr. C— and taking Bob out into the passage, he whispered in his ears, " Take my advice, and cut as fast as you can." " Cut !" echoed the astonished Bob. " Ay, and be sure you don't come again ! The thing turned out a dead failure ; and if you stir in the business, you'll have to cash up. Good morning !" And this was all Bob ever heard of his two thousand pounds. Mrs. Hoffland, Linton, the Carews, with many others con nected with the arts and the press, visited in King- street, where, with the reader's permission, we shall now pass an evening. Enter we two moderately-sized drawing-rooms, conveniently rather than elegantly furnished, communicating with each other. That door leads into a small third room, dignified with the name of the " Library," where Power does his writing ; but it is care fully closed, you see, only a favoured few being admitted. There is some mystery in this. Those two full-lengths in the princi- cipal apartment are by Frazer ; that on the left represents Power as Captain Cleaveland in "The Pirate;" the other, his lady— which is all we shall see of her, more's the pity — for this is a gentleman's party, about five and forty of whom, you see, are already assembled. Thos6 three merveilleux on the sofa are members of " The Burlington," discussing the merits of the favorite, and the advantages of Melton. These are la creme de la creme, — the flower of the party ! Observe what marked atten tion Power pays them ; how he exults in their presence ! how happy it makes him ! That handsome man with the ebony cane is D — sb — we. His family, for more than half a century, have held situations about the court. M — S— , who is seated next to him, will be a peer of the realm. His father, poor man, much against his inclination, has just been banished into the Upper House. B — r, to whom Power is now speaking, is de scended from a great legal functionary, and is to follow the law himself — let us hope, as successfully. But how noisy that group is, standing before the fire ! how they wrangle ! how they laugh ! how they scatter the puns about! — ha, ha, b a !— You are right. These are lawyers too, Templars, Lincoln's Inn men, — sharp dogs, merry fellows, gen tlemen to the back-bone, the best and most intelligent com panions in the world. There is the making of a chancellor among those wild slips. — But the door opens ; some one enters. Who can this tall gentlemanly man in black be 2 As you observe, there is a modesty, a propriety in his demeanour which prepossesses you. Here 's Power. I'll ask who he is. Ah, Stanfield ! Indeed, I could have sworn he was somebody— But hush! who runs through the chords in that masterly manner 2 'Tis little Major; and little Major, let me tell you, if you are fond of music, is worth listening to. Ah, he is going to accompany Power, I see, the best amateur singer in Englard, except Mrs. Arkwright, poor Stephen Kemble's daughter. Ah ! bravo ! bravissimo ! what execution ! what splendid bass notes ! Did you ever hear Non piu andrai sung better 2 Deuce take it ! what can they be about in that little study there 2 Saw you not how cautiously Power closed the door when he came ont just new 2 Ah ! Abbott, Stansbury, and Paul Bedford ! Then the thea res are over ; and see, they are setting out the supper — not a formal affair of temples and waterfalls, with a dish of sweetened soapsuds in the centre, but crabs, lobsteis, scallops, anchovies, devils ! a glorious army of Stimulants and Provocatives ! served in profusion, and scattered hither and thither, as best suits the convenience and disposition of the company. Let us join Stanfield and Paul Bedford at that little round table in the corner there ! Lord ! how droll Paul is ! how adroitly he manages to catch the servant's eye ! how kindly he caters for us! Stanfield is rallying him on his figure. He calls him a slip, a lath, a hobbledehoy. Paul heeds it not ; Paul is too busy ; he sticks to his scallop with the devotion of a pilgrim ; he quaffs his ale like a holy father ! And why for no 2 — why for no 2 After taking care of others, it is but fair Paul should take care of himself. Besides, he has beeu de lighting ihe public, he has been singing in " Massaniello ;" and singing and acting, let me tell you, my friend, are dry work. What a forest of glasses ! what hecatombs of havannahs they are placing on the table ! — and see ! see! ! the door of the little study opens, and — ha, ha, ha ! ho ! ho ! ho ! what be these, my masters 2 What merry and diverting spectacle is this 2 As 1 live, a pageant ! a right Bacchanalian pageant! So, so, so ! Porter is a favourite beverage among artistes, particularly foreigners. Many must recollect with what gusto Pasta seized the porter-pot after her grand scena in " Semiramide." It was for this, then, was it, we were so carefully excluded ? Really, B — r's jolly god is not amiss. ' Flush'd with a purple grace, He shows his rose- pink'd face.' A foil, his Thyrsis ; Dr. O'Toole's wig, his chaplet ; and Abbott— ha, ha, ha ! only look at Abbott ! How ludicrously he bounds onward, twanging that guitar to Handel's grand chorus, which Paul and Stansbury are burlesquing so gloriously ; while Power brings up the rear with Stanfield, groaning beneath the weight of that huge vase, that seething cauldron which — may I die if it isn't filled with brandy punch ! Oh ! I'll swear it 's brandy punch by the perfume it sends forth. They may well sing " The conquering hero!" Oh! if we 're to drink all that, you know ! why, it contains three gallons, at the least, my good sir ! This monster-bowl being deposited on the table amid the cheers of the company, Abbot was installed in the chair. " Gentlemen !" said Power, as soon as the glasses were charged, " permit me to give you a toast, which, I am sure, you will drink with pleasure. I have known William Abbot long —(hear, hear.) Abbott. — Yes ; and I hope you will know William Abbott a little longer, especially if you brew such good punch as this." ( a laugh.) Power.— hook, at the man ! ( Everybody stares at Abott, who tries to appear interesting.) Look at the man, I say ! Abbott. — Well, they are all looking at me. ( Sips his punch.) Power. — I repeat, I have known him long, and can conscien tiously declare that he is, without any exception— (hear, hear ! ) without any exception, gentlemen,— hear, hear, hear !) — the greatest villian unhung ! (Roars.) Abbott. — Oh, oh ! what a shame ! what a shame ! I really — Power. — Gentlemen, the turpitude of that man's conduct is shameful — oh ! shameful ! no words could do justice to it ! — (Hear, hear, and laughter.) — The mischief he does is incalculable. Count the sands of the sea, the crimes of a Cataline, the pota- tes in Covent Garden Market, but hope not, trust not, seek not, gentlemen, to estimate the wickedness of William Abbott there ! —(Cheers and Bravo!) Under these circumstances, gentlemen, as well-wishers to the community, gentlemen — (hear, hear, hear !) — as fellow- subjects, actuated by those feelings of injus tice and philanthropy which reign within this heart here — Abbott. — That's the wrong side ! — (a laugh.) Power. — I beg your pardon ; nous avons changi tout cela. I feel convinced you will most cordially join me in drinking "Con fusion to William Abbott, and the sooner he is hanged ihe better." — ( Roars, and cries of Bravo ! All. — Confusion to William Abbott, &c.; Hip ! hip ! hur rah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! Air — The night before Larry was stretched. — Poer. Abbott (rising). — Gentlemen ! for the honour you have done me— (roars)— after the eulogium that has been pronounced upon me — ( roars, and cries of Ho, ho !) Eulogium, gentlemen ! I repeat it 1 for when a man lives, as Tyrone Power does, " by the badness of his character," — (roars, and hear, hear!) — whe.i every word, every syllable he utters, gentlemen, is the converse of truth — (Hear, lwar, hear !)— abuse becomes the highest panegyric! — (cheers and bravo!) — the highest panegyric, gentlemen ! — (Cheers and Bravo again !) — Actors are pro verbially modest — ( a laugh) — and really, gentlemen, when I sit and hear myself made out such ' an olio Of perfection in folio,' such a conglomeration of ' Sugar and spice, And all that's nice,' as the old song says, great as I am aware my merits are, I feel quite — ( takes out his pocket-handkerchief) — Power. — Can any gentleman accommodate him with a smell ing bottle 2 — ( Roars, and cries of Order, order ! ) Abbott. — Gentlemen, I will not trespass on your attention any further. I shall content myself with reciprocating your good wishes — ( roars) — and conclude with the hope that that monster, that miscreant there — (pointing to Power) — may speak as ill of you all as he has of me, gentlemen ! — ( Cheers and laughter.) After a glee, admirably sung by Poer, Stansbury, and Paul Bedford, Power proposed that we should all sing an extempore verse, commencing with the chairman, under the penalty of drinking a tumbler of punch, which, to the consternation of those whom " the gods" had not " made poetical," was agreed to. Abbott had strenuously opposed this. Cunning rogue ! he was all the time, I suspect, concocting his couplet, which ran as follows : — " I am averse to make A verse, Because, d'ye see, I can't ; But if I could, I'm sure I would, But as I can't, I shan't " » Hock and soda water in great request next morning ! Curious Discovery op an Ancient Bible. — A copy of the first complete edition of the English Bible, printed by Myles Coverdale, bearing the date 1535, was accidentally discovered a few days since in the false bottom of an old oak cbest, at Holk- liam Hall, Norfolk, the seat of the Earl of Leicester. There are numerous imperfect copies of this edition of the Holy Scriptures in existence, two being deposited in the library of the British Museum, one in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, one in the Cambridge University library, and in fact most of our great libraries and public institutions, as well as many private indivi duals possessing the volume. The copy now brought to light is a most valuable specimen of Myles Covqrdale's labours hitherto known, being in every respect perfect, whereas all the other volumes enumerated are deficient of many leaves, both at the beginning and the end. The noble proprietor of Holkham has had the book appropriately bound and inclosed in an oak box, and it now graces the shelves of his magnificent library. A London bookseller is said to have offered £500 for this biblio graphical treasure. Conventual Discipline. — We read in a Malta paper, that a student belonging to the Convent of St. Augustine, one of the wealthiest mona taries in that islmd, was recently|sentenced to two months' imprisonment by the Judicial Court of Police, for having given a severe thrashing to the prior or abbot of bis convent. It is fortunate for the culprit it did not happen in a conntry where the convents exercise their own jurisdiction, otherwise he would have fated much worse. This species of persiflage was much in vogue at Power's, Don Trueba's, &c.; 