FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. The National states that the post of Consul of France at Calcutta had been offered by M. Guizot to Count Ratti Menton, who has been consul in Da-<*> mascus, and latterly in China. M. de Bannte has received orders to proceed to Russia v Ambassador of France, whUot M. Ben kendorf w speedily to arrive m Paris to represent A drummer in the National Guard Wing in love with a young girl at Vilette, whose hand was refaed to aim by her parent*, persuaded her last June to concent to die with turn. He then drew his sword and ptangrd it into her bosom, but was to over powered afterwards as to be unable to perform the same omce Ibr himirlf Some passers-by removed the girl to an hospital, with little chance of her re covery. The infetnated wretch is in custody. The thermometer in Paris, at two o'clock oa the 19th of June, was at 31 degrees of centigrade or about 88? of Fahrenheit In the Peer*, when the Bill demanding 200/HWf. for the votes of July, came on for discussion, the Prince de Moaeowa rose to complain of the manner in which the name of his father (Marshal Ney) bad been introduced into the trial of Lecomte. the regi cide; and Duke Pasquier, die Chaaoe?or, who, when it waa a question of depriving the prisoner of his crass of the Legion of Honour, declared that" it was unnecessary; the (act of his being condemned being of kself strificicottostriphimof it; and besides that they have had a precedent in the case of Marshal Ney." The Chancellor, in reply to the Prince of Moscowa. declared that he had been misunderstood. The sitting of the Chamber of Peers had bees a secret one; and if the noble peer present had not divulged what had passed, the newspapers could not have taken a wrong view of the matter. He regretted that what he meant to say had been thus turned awry, as be only intended to dwell on the necessity of keeping up the traditions of the Chamber. The Paris papers mention the death, at the pre mature age of 29, of a distinguished Orientalist. M. Charles d« Ocbna, and the funeral honours which have expressed the regret of his many friends. His profound knowledge of Hindostanee, Persian, and Sanscrit, and his extensive acquaintance with the naodera languages, added to modem qualities of rare value, pointed him out to M. VtHemain for a scien tific and literary mission into Central Asia: from whence he returned to die, ere yet his object was complete, smitten, amidst his labours, by the malady which has now proved fetal His journey, however, was not without results of value. He brought back with him a rich collection of manuscripts—Sanscrit, Mahratta, Hindostanee, and Persian—together with aaemearsMktingtothe Parsees, and documents of great ralne on the religions of the Djams, and all the religions sects of Buddhism and of Hindostan M. de Ochoa leaves behind him a collection, including more than a hundred volumes printed in India, and Published by the priests and learned men of the dif firent sects in that country and in Persia. "These works," observes a writer in the Jmnaide* Debuts, "are the more valuable to the Oriental scholar, be cause they have hitherto been buried, beyond his access, beneath the spirit of caste and immobility of idea proper to those populations."—" We hope," saya the same writer, "to be able, ere long, to pub lish the Gsfistea of Saadi, enriched by many Persian miniatures copied from the manuscripts, on which M. de Ochoa was engaged up to his last moments.** The most prominent event of late has been the optning of the Great Northern Railway, connecting Paris and Brussels, the inangeration/We taking place1 at Lib, where the new railroad received the benedic flaajl of the Archbishop of Cambria. The French iYiaees then proceeded to Brussels, where they were received by the King and Queen of the Belgians, and entertained at the railway station by a bail given to tjQOO persons. fVeparations were stiU in progress at the Tuile ries, St. Cloud, and Versailles for the reception of the Queen of Great Britain. It was said that her Majesty would sojourn for 15 days in Park, but that: Hut Boysl visit could not take place before the month of August. of the French journals the idea that concessions would be made to demands of the discontented; but the Sacred College, which opposed itself to all species of temporal reform during the life of Gregory XVI., wul probably overrule, in like manner, the wise dispositions and resolves of his successor. He b the youngest Pope elected for a very locg period. " The prompt election of the Sovereign Pontiff," says the Utueer* —"has defeated many an intrigue, and deceived many expectations; diplomacy even bad not I time to interfere. Yesterday, in the Chambers of Deputies, M. Martin Da N«rd stated that the choice of the Sacred College was, or would have been, that of the Ministry—a fact the more honourable for our Government, as it is evident, from the nianuer in which the election took place, that our Ministers ou the occasion were in perfect accord, not only with the Cardinals, but also with the Holy Ghost" By the death of the Pope the King of Hanover had become the oldest sovereign in Europe, the King of the French being his junior by two years. j The statue of the Emperor Francis XI., executed by Marchesi, arrived at Vienna oa the 9th June, from ; Milan. It weighs about 10 tons. 