ADDRESSES TOTHE CATHOLIC BISHOP. ADDRESS. To the Rllst le?. the Bishop oj Hobart Town, Launceston, September 5, 1840. Mv Loan,-On your leaving this Island, and undertaking a long voyage, to promote in the moat efficient manner, the welfare of the people, whom God has in His wisdom confided to your care, we, I the Catholics of Launceston and-its'vicinity, beg:to express to you our attachment, veneration, and love. We have a deep sense of your earnest and unceasing exertions to lessen the amount of human suffering, and to promote the happiness of all; but more especially of those,who being in bondage, you have kindly considered, have the deepest claim upon your sympathy. We beg you will accept our kindest wishes, and qarnest prayer, that the blessing of the Almighty, may attend you, on your voyage, and that you may be restored safe to usagain. Dear to us, my. Lord, is the religion of our Fathers, and dear-are you to us as our CLiet Pastor in the Church of,God;.,and we confidently hope and trust, that the dilficulties which at present interpose, being removed, there may be happy days for the future; and may God prosper your exertions for the happi ness. o ourselves and our children.. . REPLY. Tb the Catholics of Lauuneston, greeting, in our . " - Lord Jesus Christ. Your affectionate address I have received with most heartfelt satisfaction and gratitude. Your, declaration of attachment to the ancient Faith was, I assure you, unnecessary ; for you have proved: by your acts, since 1 have been with you, practically, the truth of your expressions., Bur. thened-with a heavy debt on your Church, on my arrival in the Colony, you laid before me a clear statement of your aliairs; you listened with pious docility to the suggestions offered for. its liquidation r you not only listened, but cheerfully, carried out witl one voice and one heart the plans proposed, 'and' now, by your' admirable zeal and liberality, your Church is entirely free from debt. Exclaim therefore withll the Royal Psalmist- " Not unto us 0 Lord, not unto us, btut to thy, name give glory." You have set a noble example to your children and to all around you. May you then reap a rich reward for your zeal for the "gloryof God's house." And may He, who died on the cross for your sal vation especially present your prayers when assesm bled therein to the throne of his eternal Father, and obtain for you, through hiis precious 'blood, all blessings requisite for you in this" vale of tears, and eternal life hereafter ! I commend myself to your ferventprayesrs. The Grace of our Lord JIsus 'Christ and the charity 'of God, and: the- communicatioins of' the Holy Ghost be with'you all.--Amen. " t Ro?xar WVLLmAM, Hobartonien. Hobart Town, viiiSeptember, MDCCCXLVI. To. Right Rev. Dr. Wilson, Bishlop of Ijobart Town. Richmond, September 7, 1846. MY Loan,-We, the members of the Catholic congregation, Richmond, beg leave, ere your de parture from this diocese, to approach you with the expression of our feelings of veneration for your character, and of our attachment and love for your person. With many of us you have deigned, since your arrival, to be on terms of friendship, to most of us you have frequently addressed words of comfort and encouragement, and all of us have been wit nesses of your untiring exertions to promote our temporal and eternal welfare. Deeply grateful indeed, do we feel for the many benefits we derived from your advice and exhorta tions; but, when we recal to mind the zeal. and the energy with which yon ministered to the convict portion of our brethren, your strenuous endeavours to improve their temporal interest and moral condition, your toilsome and perilous journies from .station to station, exhorting them to cultivate habts of industry, and instructing them ' to live soberly and justly, and godly in this world, looking for the blessed hope, and coming of the glory of the great God, and-our Savionr Jesus Christ,'-Titus ii. 12 13\. When we remember that your great charity ever carried you beyond the line that strict duty marked out, in order to prove yourself a friend to the friendless stranger, a support to the helpless, and a comfort to the afilicted, we cannot but feel the deepest regret, and sorrow for even your tem porary departure from amongst us. Yet, when we reflect upon the wants of your extensive diocese, the greatness of the * harvest,' and the fewness of the' labourers,' the increasing numbers of the Catholic children, and the want of schools wherein to receive a purely Catholic educa. tion, onr sorrow is in some measure mitigated ; for we know that any sacrifice, how greatsoever, must be endured' for the welfare of religion, and tle pro motion of the interest of the Church. -We are comforted, also, with the hope of your Lordship's speedy return. During your absence we shall look forward to that auspicious time with the fondest desire. And as, whilst apmongst us, you have well merited our veneration, our attach ment, our gratitude, and our love ; so whilst absent, you shall- have oqr best wishes for your welfare, and our constant players shall be daily offered to the throne of Divine Grace, that Ha, who upheld St. Peter when he "walked upon the water,' (Matt. xiv. 29.) and preserved St. Paul when he 'thrice sullered shipwreck,' (ii. Cor. xl. 25) may direct and guard you from all dangers, may vdouchsafe you every comfort anti happiness, and bestow his richest gifts, and pour down his choicest blessings upon you. BEP LY. Tb the Catholics of Richmond, greeting, health and benediction in our Lord Jesus Christ. The affectionate address which you forwarded to me by the hands of your venerated Pastor has filled my heart with consolation.' Amidst many afflictions and tribulations, it is a source of Indescribable comfort to find expressed in such beautiful terms, sentiments so cheering, so catholic, and so unequivocal. May the spirit of God rest on you., May you persevere In the " botid of union," avoiding strife and discord with all men. May you "seek first the Kingdom of God, and his jtstice, and be preserved from all dangers, spiritua and temporal. 1\. earnestly entreat, and commend myself to yqur fervent prayers. The Grace of our Lord Jesus, Christ be with you.-(i. Cor. xvi. 23.) • Rona?rT WILLIAa , Hobartonien. •Hobart Town, vii September, MDCCCXLVI. 