ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. TO THE EUtTOa OP THE " SOOTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE." SIR—As at the public meeting yesterday it appeared from the observations of a certain gentleman that my statements in a previous No. cf your paper had awakened no very pleasant feelings in his bosom, you will probably allow me a little space for further remark. From the high stand taken by the clergy generally who receive pay from the State, and the air of vast dignity and superiority which they usually assume, I can scarcely wonder that they and those who think with them wince at the truth previously stated by me—That the clergy who receive such support are degraded thereby. Yet such, I believe, is Scriptural truth ; and this proposition, so startling to some, is distinctly understood, appreciated, and felt, by all well-informed Voluntaries. The tru'h is, Sir, and ought not to be blinked or disguised, that all well-informed Dissenting clergymen (or Voluntaries if you please), consider themselves as occupying a far more honorable and exalted position than those who are either entirely or partially supported by the State. The Kingdom of Jesus Christ is in every way entirely distinct from all kinds of political government. Governors or statesmen, in their official capacity, have no right to interfere with Christianity. The Lord Jesus Christ requires it not at their hands. He virtually forbids it. It is impious presumption for *hem to interfere—because— The Kingdom of Jesus Christ is not only entirely distinct from all secular governments, but immeasurably above them in its very nature, in its constitution, laws, influence, objects, means, and results. Its lawgiver is Jesus Christ. It is established and sustained by influence directly frotn Jesus Christ, and its officers and agents are appointed and selectei unequivocably 1)y Jesus Christ. Its clergy are really and truly '«moved hy the Holy-Ghost" to take on them the office. And now, considering the inconceivable dignity and superiority of this Kingdom above all secular ones, I ask whether any individual bearing this office, and being instracted by the laws of this Kingdom that he is to seek his support in a way distinct from political Governments, does no * demean himself—does not. degrade his office by any such connection ? In my view, be either shows his ignorance of the exalted nature of his call ingj a perverse disobedience to the instructions Jesus Christ gives him in His word, or a lamentable want of confidence in His faithfulness to His promises. It is the duty aud the privilege of all the true Ministers of Christ's religion, to follow implicitly the instructions He gives to them in their office, as well as IO teach His gospel to others. I am well aware, Sir, that there is a prejudice against Ministers of the Gospel being employed in any secular business for their own support; nor, in ordinary, circumstances, is it desirable or Scrip ural ; but the Christian Pastor is to give himself wholly to his pastoral duties. Still, as Paul the Apostle felt it necessary that he at certain times should work at his secular trade for his support, so circumstances arise when it becomes advisable and necessary for those who preach the Gospel to use secular means for their support. The present position of this Colony is in point. Many districts contain so few inhabitants that they cannot contribute sufficient for the support of a clergyman. What is to be Scripturally done ? Either help should be afforded by contributions from persons not resident in that particular district, or the Minister must unite secular with his religious engagements, and to do so is honorable to his character and standing, and agreeable to the instructions of God's word. I venerate—I honor the man that will thus act. He practises self-denial of no ordinary kind to discharge his duties and save souls; and although he may be sneered at by the ignorant or by the ungodly, who either cannot understand or are incapable of appreciating his principles, he has the satisfaction of an approving conscience and an approving God, and will bye-and-bye receive an infinite reward. Yours truly and in great baste. B. W. NEWLAND. Adelaide, 20th July, 1846. 