BOTHWELL AFFAIR. Our readers will recollect we briefly no ticed a fact, which clearly showed that the charitable professions of puseyites respecting christians in general were je suitical, and only intended to deceive. The Courier denied the truth of the state ment respecting the Reverends Messrs. Robertson and Wilson; but satisfied of its correctness, we did not give currency to a disclaimer published to deceive. Now that the Courier has discovered he hasbeen made a dupe, it is to be hoped he posesses sufficient candour to expose those who have filled his pages with clumsy fictions. We have no comment to offer on the letter of the Rev. Mr. Robertson, published below. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIAL TIMES AND , TASMANIAN. Sm,,-The appearance of the paragraph in your paper about Mr. Wilson and" myself, was to me a source of much regret, foreseeing that it was likely to involve me in newspaper controversy; or, at least, to necessitate other disclosures, the publica tion of which would tend to the increase of any thing but peace and harmony. The very injudi cious notice taken of that paragraph by a certain learned, but, I fear, very unscrupulous scribe, in the Courier, has much deepened this regret ; which has not been greatly diminished by your own remarks of yesterday, as I now find myself, in justice to all concerned, compelled to lay the whole facts, disagreeable as it is, before tfie public. It is the opinion of my friends, that, under the aspect the dispute has at last assumed, I am bound in honour and duty to do this. In complying with their request, I shall endeavour to trespass no further on your patience and paper than seems absolutely necessary to a clear apprehension of the nature and merits of tie ease. As originally stated, then, in your paper, on Mr. Wilson's first officiating at Bothwell, I at tended his Service, in token of Christian brother hood and friendly feeling. Mr. Wilson, however, instead of reciprocating this manifestation of good will, lost no time in assuring his friends, and that in terms (as reported and believed here, and never by him denied) Indicative of anything but respect,' that lie never would, nor could, return, the com pllment. Of this, at the time, I took no notice, further thian by abstaining from again going to heaur him. As It was considered, however, that having some cause, I must have felt offended, Mr. Wilson was induced, by the advice of friends, r believe, to call upon me to explain the reasons of his conduct. These, translated into plain Eng lish, simply were, that le could not, without vio lation of his conscience, (committing something, In his own eyes, approaching to a mortal sln,)ever grace with his sacred presence so utterly unhal lowed a thing as a Presbyterian Service. I told. him, that I was deeply grieved to hear It, parti cularly for this reason; that as we both officiated, not only in the same building, but actually to the same congregation, such sentiments, avowed and acted upon by him, could not fall, in the end, to lead to unpleasant results. Imagining that Mr. Wilson might be labouring I under some delusion, as to- my entertaining or teaching dangerous or heretical doctrines, I made an effort to set him at case on this point, by as suring him, that I neither held nor inculcated any doctrines at variance with those embodied in the Articles of his own Church, every one of which, so far as doctrine was concerned, I could ex animo subscribe to, in their plain, obvious, natuAral sense, as an excellent summary of sound gospel truth ; I hoped, therefore, he would be induced to re-con sider his views and resolution, so peculiarly inex pedient in the particular position in which he andi I were unfortunately placed towards each other. On this Mr. Wilson, smiling at my simplicity, and either regarding or afbecting to regard the very idea as a thing monstrous and out of the orderly and regular course of nature, observed that the fact of a clergyman having Episcopal orders going to hear a Presbyterian teacher was a thing altogether unprecedented-it was to him inconceivable (I fear Mr. Wilson's reading, as well as his experience, must be very limited)-in all his life lie had never heard of sucl a propo sition so much as suggested before. But further, and even setting conscience (a very tender thing) aside, there were risks connected with such a proceeding on his part, which he should not deem it prudent to encounter. Not only was his Bishop at one witll him on the principle at issue, but the said Bishop's last, most earnest, and most urgent injunctions to him were (if in this Dr. Nixon is slandered, I am extremely sorry for it, but I am not the slanderer) to see to it, that no circum stances should ever tempt him into the commission of the unseemly and dangerous offence of once showing his face at thie Presbyterian service. Here upon ensued the following conversation, to the allbut. minute verbal accuracy of which, as here set down, Ipledge my creditas a man of honour and a Chris tian- these Apostolical Succession men will not allow me to add-minister. " Are you, indeed, the Bishop's slave P Are you really not permitted to think and act for yourself in such a matter P" " No; this Bishop is not like other Bishops ; he will be obeyed; he is very particular ; he is a most strict disciplinarian ; but it is according to my own conscience." " You would then consider it perilous to your salvation to go once to hear my service P" " It is 'ny conscience. Why, were I a priest of Baal, of Brama, or of Mahomet, or a trafficker in the mummeries of Munmbo Jumbo, you could not have taken other, or higher grounds with regard to me P" To this Mr. Wilson made no answer, but by a peculiarly complaisant look, indicated that I had exactly hit his views. Amazed and confounded, and scarcely crediting my own eyes and ears, I repeated the last interrogation, and received the standing reply," it is according to my conscience." On these singular avowals. coming from a man calling himself a Protestant Mlinister! ! ! com ment were useless. They surely speak, and ,that eloquently, for themselves. In the original article, as it appeared in your paper, there is, therefore, a small injustice done to the Bishop. The entire load of hateful, unmiti gated bigotry is laid upon his shoulders; whereas, the subordinate functionary, so far as my light goes, glories in carrying his views even farther of possessing a somewhat tenderer conscience in such affairs-than his distinguished principal him self. As to the baptism, the thing in itself is a trifle; still facts are facts; and learned gentlemen-- espe cially Successors of the Apostles-writing for the information of the public, would do well, even in trifles, to pay some slight regard to truth. It is a great authority which says," he that is faithful in that which is least, is also faithful in much ; and lie that is unjust in the least, is unjust also in much." The facts of the Cosirier, then are not facts, but impudent falsehoods. According to the Courier, the child was privately baptised by me. Now the fact is, that the child was baptised by me according to the formal baptism of my Church which recognizes no distinction between public and private baptism. But Mr. Wilson, it seems, not only treated my baptism as valid, but actually paid me a compliment, the same as though I had received the Holy Ghost, like himself, from a Successor of the Apostles. And how did lie thus honour moP By causing the child I had privately baptised, to be brought to tile church, there to be ptublicly bap tised by himself? No great compliment this, surely, and but a very equivocal proof, supposing the fact to be as stated, which it is not, of his re cognition of the validity of my baptism. What private baptism means in Mr. Wilson's vocabulary I confess I do not exactly know, but this I do know, that if it means baptism administered in a private house, the child in question still labours under all the defect of private baptism. It must receive this unrelterable sacrament, (as the Canon ists and sound Church principle people designate it) yet another, and third time to make sure work (doubtless) of its regeneration; for so it is, that Mr. Wilson's Crucial evoltlions (re-baptism is now acknowledged, and this is the truth) were all per formed on the floor of the identical cottage which on the day previous hlad witnessed my unblest services, distant some two miles from the Church. But why this attempted falsification and mystifi I cation about private baptism ? Why should Pu seyltes be less honest than Jesuits P If, as Mr. Wilson led me to understand, lie holds my minis trations on the same footing with those of a priest of Baal, of Brama, or of Mumbo Jumbo-if having \- entered the fold by another way than the door, I a- m in hIis estimation a thief and a robber-why shrink from manfully avowing Ilis opinion before tile world P and why not publish it, as from the Shouse tops, that he conscientiously regards (as he 1\. certainly treats) my baptism In the same light with my prayers and preaching-as an abomination; or as isl Bishop, quoting old Cyprian, do graphl a cally expressesl t, as a baptism to the Devil, not to. I Christ P This would furnish him with a sound, 9 honest, consistent, intelligible theory in defence of tihe volunteered exorcisms performed by him on the occasion alluded to, and, if'I am not misinformed, others. Whilst, on this subject; I may state that I was asked, and had promised to baptisoe the child in question some ten day's before Mr. Wilson's arrival. Accident prevented the fulfilling my engagement. I took the first opportunity to mention the circum stance to Mr. Wilson, stating that I should call without delay on the party, anc~ recommend Mr. Wilson to be sent for, in preference to administer the rite. I did so, and not only recommended, but urged, that he should.be called, which was refused, on personal grounds, and because my bap tism was considered to be quite as effectual as his. Mr. Wilson went himself, however, unaeced, and as 1 now understand privately re-baptised the child; I have reason to believe to the no small annoyance of those on whom he intruded his 'ser vices, though they did not deem it prudent to reject them.-I am, &c.;, Joni; RonaEtrson. Bothwell, September 2, 1846. 