SAINT MARY'S CHURCH. THE foundation stone of this church was laid on Tuesday last in the village of St. Mary's, on the Sturt, and some few acres south of the old church. There were present a number of highly respectable individuals from the neighborhood and elsewhere. The Rev. Messrs Farrell, Woodcock, and Newen ham, of the Church of England, and the Rev. Mr. Haining, of the Scotch Church, were also present. An appropriate service was performed by the Rev. J. Farrell, M.A., and the stone was laid in due form by Miss Conway, after the bottle containing the inscription had been deposited. A ceremony such as this is always solemn and interesting, but especially so in a new colony. However great our advancement in a commercial and agricultural point of view, we are yet unsettled and but half civilised until houses for the worship of God are erected throughout the land, and the people "go up thither" to call upon his name. The churches which we now erect serve as links to connect successive generations. The Sabbath bell which calls us from our six days toil and care to hallow the seventh, shall, with God's blessing, also call our children to the house of God, and they shall worship where we worshipped, and, when their race is accomplished, shall sleep beside us. It is said of the Spanish settlers in the New World that their first care was to build defences against their enemies, ana their next object was to erect temples to their God. Thanks be to God, we need not take thought for the first of these objects, but this should afford us the more leisure and means for the second. Every right-minded man must confess and mourn over the awful spiritual destitution of the province, and hail with delight such an effort towards dispelling it, as was com- menced on Tuesday. May the Lord prosper the work of our hands upon us ! May devout congre- gations assemble in this little sanctuary "to render thanks for the great benefits which they have received at His hands; to set forth His most worthy praise ; to hear His most holy word ; and to ask those things which are requisite and necessary, as well for their bodies as their souls." May they find that " where two or three are gathered to- gether" in Christ's name, he is there in the midst of them. May the Word be faithfully preached, and the Sacrament rightly and duly administered, in this church ; and may it be the birth place of souls and the "gate of heaven" to many ! ( Copy of Inscription deposited beneath the Foundation of Saint Mary's Church, Sturt.) Saint Mary's Church, In the Village of St. Mary's, on the Sturt, County of Adelaide, South Australia. The foundation stone of this church was laid by Miss Conway, of Jiddown Estate, On Tuesday the 27th October, 1846, being the tenth year of the reign of our most Gracious Sovereign Queen Victoria. Lieut. Governor of South Australia-Major Robe. Judge-Charles Cooper, Esq. Colonial Secretary-A. M. Mundy, Esq. Advocate General - Wm. Smillie, E sq. Registrar General-Charles Sturt, Esq. Sheriff—Charles Burton Newenham, Esq. Non Official Members of Council Major O'Halloran. Captain Bagot. John Morphett, Esq. Samuel Davenport, Esq. Bishop-The Right Reverend William Grant Broughton, D.D. Colonial Chaplain and Minister of Trinity Church \- Rev. James Farrell, A.M. Minister of SL John's, Adelaide-Rev. Wm. John Woodcock. Minister of St. James's, Blakeston, Mt. Barker Rev. James Pollitt. Minister of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide-Rev. Geo. C. Newenham. Minister,(officiating) of Morphett Vale-Rev. A. F. Lloyd. Wardens of St. Mary's-Henry Watts, Esq, and Mr John W. Daw. Building Committee-W. Trimmer, Henry Watts, W. Hancox, and A. Weaver, Esquires. Architect and Builder-Mr Moses Garlick. This stone is laid as the foundation of a building, to be called St Mary's; the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, amen. May this sacred edifice, which, is to be reared partly by aid from the Gospel Propagation Society, the South Australian Church Society, and the Government, but chiefly by voluntary offerings, stand as a me- morial of the piety and zeal of the members of that branch of the apostolic established Church of England and Ireland, planted by Divine Provi- dence in this colony. May it be hallowed as the peculiar dwelling place of the Triune Jehovah. Within its consecrated walls may the pure and simple Gospel, as it issued from the gracious lips of its Divine Author and His inspired Apostles, ever be heard in meekness and faith ! Here may there be found successive congregations of devout worshippers, whose whole conduct and spirit shall accord with the prayers and supplications sug- gested by the language of our matchless lithurgy. May he who shall preside as minister over this church and district have grace faithfully and effi- ciently to declare all the counsel of God. May he not fail to apply the rod of discipline, when re- quired, with a strict regard to the interests of souls. May he be instrumental in engrafting into the church and nurturing in the faith numbers who shall be his joy and crown of rejoicing in the day of the Lord Jesus. Finally, may the erection of this sacred edifice excite the Protestant Epis- copal inhabitants oí other districts to make suitable efforts to provide for themselves buildings and clergy, and thereby secure for their posterity, as well as for themselves, the ministrations of a branch of the church built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets. Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone. Amen. -Communi- coted. 