[?] TUESDAY. Thomas Stammings and Thomas Wells, having yesterday too profusely tasted toasted ' one Sovereign Lady the Queen,' and beine unprepared with the usual fee for exhi biting their loyalty, were ordered to recreate themselves on the ' Stepper' for ten day. A bolter from the Jerico Gang, was remanded to his District for trial. Catherine Hunter alias Newcotne, was ordered for one month to Mr. M'Leod's establishment, for being out on a 'spree' after hours, in company with ' Kit M'Gee,' 'Bet Smith' and one or two others of the sisterhood, Catherine having a baby in ill health at the close of the office was allowed to go about her business, having promised to be a better '.girl' for the future* Mrs Titmouse rode up to the office door in a ?' Cab' but refused to alight, because the 'Theatrical Donkey' had damaged her knee : according to the Chief Constable des scription, a most diverting scene must have occurred out side the Theatre, occasioned by Mrs. T. most affectionately and tenderly embracing ' the real live Donkey' which was to bear the 'Ghost of Billy Barlow,' at the 'Olympic' last night' The unlimited license, she allowed her tongue on being rebuked for cruelly twisting the poor animal's tail was the charge against her. The Magistrate insisted on her appearing in ' propria persona,' and would not receive the excuse of lameness, except backed by a medical gentleman's certificate. The lady having procured one at the hospital and pleaded guilty to the charge, was waited on at her car riage-door by the District Constable of the day, to receive the usual five shillings. John Hammond, was held to bail to appear when called on, for uttering a forged cheque for £4 10 , purpoting to be drawn by R. C. Gunn, Esq. Thomas Cook, pleaded hard to be let off easy for inde cency, saying be was troubled with a physical infirmity, oc casioned by his 'friend ' Bob's' swipes. The Bench had compassion and only fined ' Tommy' five shilling, when he with a good natured impudent smile, begged for time to pay — ' Come come' said his worship ' I dare say you have the cash in your pocket.' — Well, so I have,' said Tom, coolly handing out two half crowns, and bestowing a know ing, wink on the assembled constables, be made his Exit. An old soldier, in the service of Mr. King, was charged with being out after hours under suspicious circumstances. The prisoner said he was not lagged for robbery, fand was never charged with being either being directly or indirectly concerned in one, but insubordination in the Army in India was the offence of which he had been convicted. This story though plausible enough, did not convince the magistrate of his innocence, who sentenced him to the ' Roundabout' for fourteen days. A Probationer in the employ of Mr. Israel Shaw, was charged with being in Mr. Langham's public- house, at an unlawful hour on Sunday last; Mr. D- C. Davis, described Mr. Langham's house as being on the Sabbath particularly a most disorderly resort for soldiers, there being about thirty in the house when he entered it, besides civilians, he also stated, that it was a considerable time before be could obtain admission. William Shepherd and Edward Williams, were charged with being in Mr. Kelham's bouse at 1 o'clock on Sunday evening. Mr. Davis gave a eimilar description of the man. ner in which he found Mr. Kelham's bouse conducted, and I further stated that he caught the two prisoners coiled up in a corner in the yard, endeavouring lo conceal ihem6elf. Shep herd having received a good character from bis master Mr. Best was discharged, hut Williams being an old offender, was directed to try a spare diet for 7 days. A Cartman employed by Mr. A. Coterell, was sentenced to seven days solitary confinement, for riding on his cart, his horse at the time not being under proper cuntroul. Edward Price was fined ten shillings and costs, for driving a cart and two horses on the footpath in St. John's Street, close to the premises occupied by Mr. Schultz. An information against a man named Jones of the same description, was dismissed, an error having been mads in his Christian name. WEDNESDAY. ECOTT V. LUKIN. Mr. George Lukin was charged on the information of Mr. (D. C.) Ecott, with furiously driving on the 11th May, la Wellington-street. Three constables, viz.,— Lsake, Drake, and Jebson, proved that Mr. Lukin was driving two other gentleman down Wellington-street, on the evening in question, in a gig, and that the impetus given to it in crossing a deep gutter near the Colonial Hospital, caused the horse to gallop until they lost sight of the chaise, — it was dark, but they still bad the opportunity of seeing it was Mr. Lukin who was driving. Mr. Douglas, for the defence, produced the two gentlemen who were riding with defendant, each of whom, distinctly swore, that the horse was only swiftly trotting, and that he was not the person driving, but refused to say who was, as they did not consider they were bound either to criminate each other, or themselves. The Bench however, considered the defendant guilty, and fined him forty shillings and costs. Davis v. Elsie Dobs. On this case being called, the defendant acting on the advice of her Solicitor did not appear. The magistrates now determined, as the AttorneyGe neral had refused to give his opinion, as to the validity of a second information to act on that which had been received from the Crown Solicitor, and proceeded ex-parte in the matter. Constable Me Donald proved the service of the summons on the defendant to appear at the Police-office this morning, and that he had called her three times, to which he had re ceived no answer. nn.*.j \xtr*~-ii.~ ? .».ihaj i._ \ff_ n.«:n r\« t\\.t% h*\\* xsaviu ivi uaiuiy exuiuiucu UJ *▼!?- isuvib— *\su tun / m May, John Matthews and I were at the house of Mrs. Elsie Dobs in Brisbane-street, where we each of us had a glass of rum ; I did not see it paid for, but I saw her return six pence change to Matthews ; the general price of rum in her house is sixpence per gill ; I know such to be the case, because I have obtained rum there in the same way for the last two years. John Matthews proved having the rum at Mrs. Dobs'* in company with David M'Carthy, for wbicb he gave one shilling, receiving sixpence as change. Constable Garratty said he was outside Mrs. Dobs's bouse, and saw her give the spirit to the last two witnesses, he had his constable's badge on at the time, on seeing which, she attempted to knock the glasses off the tray on which they were placed.— Fined thirty pounds and costs. Mr. Dougla6 attended to watch the proceedings, and we understand that a warrant was immediately issued, and Mrs. Dobs lodged in gaol in default of the payment of the penalty. FRIDAY. Edwards v. Kelsev. Mr. Kelsey of the Long Meadows was charged by Thomas Edwards with striking him on 26th May. The complain ant, who was the informer in the late case of rescuing cat tle tried at this office against Messrs. John Adams & Kelsey for which they were severally fined five pounds and costs, swore that the defendant struck him twice in the face with his fist ; and called a woman who lives in the same house with him to prove it. Mr. Kelsey in his defence said be was sure the late case in which the present complainant was approver must be in the recollection of the Bench, the taunts and threats of fur ther annoyances he was constantly in the habit of revceiv ing from Edwards, whenever he passed his house, added to his that morning spitting in his face so irritated him that he did aim a blow at liis head across the fence but missed him ; he also explained to the Bench that Edwards rented a piece of land from Mr. Oakden and the only Use he made of it was a trap to catch his neighbours cattle by letting down bis fence at night, for the purpose of impounding them and recovering damages for the trespass and this was his only means of obtaining a livelihood. The Bench being convinced of the correctness of the defendant's statement fined him in the nominal penalty of one shilliug. SATURDAY. Leslie e. Mason and Mason o. Leslie. These were cross informations of assault arising out of the impounding of Leslie's cattle by Mr. Pyle the master of the defendant, in the first case, which was called on. Mr. Pyle explained to their worships that his servant had had been the first complainant and therefore his case ought to be inquired into first but as Mason's information was dated the 26th of May, and Leslie's the 25th an error hav ing been made by the Police Cletk who took the deposi tions ; Leslie v. Masou bad the priority of hearing, and the defendant was fined ten shillings aud costs. The clerical error of the date being fatal to the second charge, Leslie was discharged, but the costs paid were ordered to be re turned. MONDAY The commissioned agents were in high glee this morning, no less than eight available lots being produced, two of which went as high as ten shillings. Luke Bradshaw, was remanded until Friday, for uttering a forged cheque purporting to be signed by R. Gunn, Esq., with intent to defraud JohnHammond. MlDGELEY V. KELHAM. The information charged Mr. Kelham of the 'Albion Inn,' George-street, with wilfully delaying to open hi* front door, on Sunday the 24th ultimo, entrance having been demanded by Mr. Davis in his official capacity of Di« trict Constable. Mr. (D. C) Davis, Constable Drake and another, i«ror« tat on Sunday evening they beard a noise in Mr.Kclham't ii Licensed House, in George-street, and that they had to knock and demand admittance four eepraale times, before the dooi was opened. Mr. Douglas took a legal objection, which the Bench o/erruled, and fined the defendant five pounds and costs. 