ENGLISH EX RACTS. HOW WE GOT UP THE GLENMUTCHKIN RAILWAY, AND HOW WE GOT OUT OF IT. (Abridged from Blachoood's Magazine for Oc- tober.) [ I WAS confoundedly hard up. My patrimony, never of the larges , had been for the last year on the decrease-a herald would have embla zoued it. " Argent, a money- bag improper, in detriment"-and though the attenuating , process was not excessively rapid, it was, never I theless, pioceeding at a steady ratio. As for the ordinary means and appliances by which men contrive to recruit their exhausted ex- chequers, I know none of them. Woik I ab- horred with a detestation worthy of a scion of nobility; and I believe you could just as soon have persuaded the lineal representative of the Howards or Percys to exhibit himself in the character of a mountebank, as have got me to trubt my person on the pinnacle of a three-leg- ged stool. The rule of three is all very well for base mechanical souls, but I flatter myself I have an intellect too large to be limited to « ledger. "Augustus," my dear boy, said my poor mother to me, one day while stroking my hyacinthine tresses, .« Augustus, my dear boy, whatever you do, never forget that you are a gentleman." The maternal maxim sunk deeply into my heart, and I never for a moment have for- gotten it. 11 is a great consolation amidst all the evils of life, to know that, however bad your circum tances may be, there is always somebody else in nearly the same predicament. My chosen friend and ally Bob M"Corkindale, was equally hard up with myself, and, if possible, more averse to exertion. Bob was essentially a speculative man-that is, in a philosophical sensp. Ho had once got hold of a stray volume of Adam Smith, end muddled his brains for a whole week over the intricacies of the Wealth of Nations. The result was a crude farrago of notions regarding the true nature of money, the soundness of currency, and relative value of capital, with which he nightly favoured an admiring audience at " The Crow ;" for Bob was by no means-in the literal acceptation of the word-a dry philosopher. On tne contrary he perfectly appreciated the merits of each dis- tinct distillery, and was understood to be the compiler of a statistical work, entitled A Tour through the A.'coholic Districts of Scotland. It had very early occurred to me, who knew as much of political economy as of the bagpipes, that a gentleman so well versed in the art of accumulating national wealth, must have some remote ideas of applying his principles profit- ably on B smaller scale. Accordingly, I gave M'Corkindale an unlimited invitation to my lodgings ; and, like a good hearty fellow as he was, he availed himself every evening of tho license; for I had loid in a fourteen-gallon cask of Oban whiskey, and the quality of the malt was undeniable. These were the first glorious days of general speculation. Railroads wers emerging from the hands of the greater into the fingers of the lesser capitalUts. Two successful harvests have given a feaiiul stimulus to the national energy ; and it appeared perfectly certain that all the populous towns would be united, and the rich agricultural districts intersected, by the magical bands of iron. The columns of the newspapers teemed every week with the par- turition of novel schemes ; and the shares were no sooner announced than they were rapidly subscribed for. But what is the use of my saying anything more about the history of last year ? Every one of us remembeis it perfectly well. It was a capital year on the whole, and put money into many a pocket. About that time Bob and I commenced operations. Our available capital, or negotiable bullion, in the language of my friend, amounted to about £300, which we set aside as a joint fund for specula- tion. Bob, in a scries of learned discourccB, had convinced me that it was not only folly, but a positive sin, to leave this sum lying in the Bunk at a pitiful rate of interest, and other- wise unemployed, w hilst every one else in the kingdom was having a pluck at the publio pigeon. Somehow or other, we were unlucky in our first attempts. Speculators aro lite wasps ; for when they have once got hold of a ripening and peach-like project they keep it rigidly for their own swarm, and repel the op proach of interlopers. Notwithstanding ali our efforts, and verv, ingenious ones they were, we never in o bingle instance succeeded in pro- curing an allocation of original shares ; and though we did now and then make a hit by purchase, we more frequently bought at a pre- mium, and parted with our scrip at a discount At the end of six months we were not £20 richer than before. " This will never do," said Bob, as he sat one evening in my rooms compounding his second tumbler, " I thought wo were living in en enlightened age ; but I find I was mistaken. That brutal spirit of monopoly is still abroad and uncurbed. The principles of free trade ure utterly forgotten or misunderstood. Else how comes it that David Spreul received but yesterday an allocation of 200 shares in the Westermidden Junction, whilst your applica- tion and mine, for 1000 each, were overlooked ? I* this a state of things to be tolerated ? Why should he, with his £50,000, receive a slapping premium,whilst our £300 of availablecapitul re- mains unrepresented ? The fact is monstrous, and demands the immediate and serious inter- ference of the Legislature." "It is a shame," said I, fully alive to the manifold advantages of a premium. " I'll tell you what, Dunshunncr," rejoined M'Corkindale, " it's no use going on in this way. We haven't shown half pluck enough. These fellows consider us as snobs, because we don't take tho bull by the horns. Now's the time for a bold stroke. The publio are quite ready to subscribe for anything ; and we'll start a railway for ourselves." " Start a railway with three hundred pounds of capital." "Pshaw, man ! you don't know what you're talking about ; we've a great deal more capital thau that. Have not I told you seventy times over, that everything a man has.-his coat, his hat, the tumblers he drinks from, nay, his very corporeal existence,-is absolutely marketable capital? What do you call that fourteen-gal- lon cask I should like to know." ..A compound of hoops and staves, contain- ing about a quart and a half of spirits,-you have effectually accounted for the rest." " Then it has gone to the fund of profit and lots, that's all. Never let me hear you sport thosu old theories again. ' Capital is indestruc- tible, as I am ready to prove to you any day in half au hour. But let us sit down seriously to business. We are rich enough to pay for the advertisements, and that is all we need care for in the mean time. The public is sure to Bteo in, and bear us out handsomely with the rest." " But where in the face of the habitable globe shall the railway be ?" * * . . . * "There's Glenmutchkin, for instance" *' Capital, my dear fellow ! Glorious I By Jove, first rate !" shouted Bob, in an ectasy of delight "There's a distillery there, you know, and a fishing village at the foot ; at least, there used to be six years ago, when I was Hung with the exciseman. There may bu soma bother, about the population, though. The last laiid shipped every mother's son of the aboriginal eel's to America ; but, after all, that's not of much consequence. I see the whole thing! Unrivalled scenery-stupendous wateif'ulls-herds of black cattle-spot where Prince Chulés Edward met Macgiugar of Glengrugnr and his clan 1 We could not pos- sibly have lighted on a more promising place. Hand us over that sheet of paper, like a good fellow, and s pen. There is no time to be lost, and the sooner we get out the prospectus the better." "But, Heaven bless you, Bob, there's a deal to bo thought of first. Wrho are we to get for a provisional committee?" "That's very true," said Bob musingly. " We must treat them to Borne respectable names, that is, good sounding ones. I'm afraid there is little chance of our producing a peer to begin with?" " None whatever-unless we could invent one, and that's hardly safe- Burke's Peerage has gone through too many editions. Couldn't we try the Dormants ?" ."Huit would be rather dangerous in the teeth of the standing orders. But what do you say to a baronet ! There's Sir Polloxfen Tremens. He got himself served the other day to a Nova Scotia baronetcy, with just as much title as you or I have; and he has sported the riband, and dined out on the strength of it ever since. He'll join us at onco, for he has not a sixpence to lose. " Down with him, then," and we headed the provisional list with the pseudo Orange tawney. " Now," said Bob, " it's quite indispensable, as this is a Highland line, that we should put forward a chief or two. That has always a great effect upon the English, whose feudal notions are always of the mistiest, and prin- cipally derived from Waverley." " Whynot write yourself down as the Laird of M'Corkindale?" said I. "I dare say you would not be negatived by a counter claim." " That would hardly do," replied Bob, " a* I intend to be secretary. After all what'» the use thinking aboutit? Here goes for an ex- tempore chief," and the villain wrote down the name of Tavish M'Tavish, of Iuverta vish. " I Bay, though," said I, " we must have a real Highlander on the list. If we go on this way, it will become a Justiciary matter." " Yonr"e deviltoh scrupulous, Gus,'1 «aid Bob who, if left to himself, would have stuck in the names of the heathen gods and goddesiM or borrowed his directors from the Ossianio ehro! nicies, rather than have delayed the prospct. tus " Where the mischief «to we to find the men ? I can think of no other« likely to go th« whole hog ; can you?" "I don't know a single Celt in Gla«Kow except old 'M'Closkie, the drunken porter at the corner of Jamaica-street." '. He's the very man ? I suppose, after tho manner of his tiibe, he will do anything for» pint of whisky. But what shall we call him î Jamaica-street, I fear, will hardly do for a de- signation." " Call him The M'Closkie. It will be sono- rous in the ears of the Saxon." "Bravo !" and another chief was added to the roll of the clans. " Now," said Bob, " we must put you down. Recollect all the management-¿at j» the allocation--will be entrusted to you. Atw gustus - you haven't a middle ruine, ¿ think?-well, then, suppose we interpolée . Reginald ;' it has a smack of the Crusades Augustus Reginald Dunshunner, Esq., of"-__ where, in the name of Munchausen ? "I'm sure I don't know. I never had anv land beyond th« contents of a flow«r-p0t, stay-I rather think I have a superiority ion«, where about Paisley." " Just the thing," cried Bob. " It'i heijt. able property, and therefore titular, What's the denomination ?" .' St. Mirrens." "Beautiful? Dunshunner, of St, Mirrens I give you j'oy. Had you discovered that a Utils sooner-and I wonder you did not think of it -we might both of us have had lots of alloca- tions. Theso are not the times to conceal hereditary distinctions. But now comes th« serious work. We must have one or two mea of known wealth upon the list, The chaff U nothing without a decoy bird. Now can't you help me with a name r" " In that case," said I, «. the game is up, a_j the whole scheme exploded. I would as aooa undertake to evoke the ghost of Crcesui." " Dunshunner," said Bob very seriously .. to bo a man of information,you are possessed of marvellously few resources. I am quite ashamed of you. Now listen to me. I hare thought deeply upon this subject, and am quite convinced that with some little trouble wo may secure the co-operation of a most wealthy sud influential body-one, too, that is generally supposed to have stood aloof from all specula- tion of the kind, and whose name would be a tower of strength in the monied quarter«, I allude," continued Bob, reaching across for the kettle, " to the great dissenting in. terest." " The what?" cried I, aghast. " The great disseHting interest. You can't have failed to observe the row they have lately been making about Sunday travelling and education. Old Sam Sawley, the coffin maker, is tkeir principal spokesman here; and wherever he goes the rest will follow, like a flock of sheep bounding after a patriarchal ram. I propose, therefore, to wait upon him to-mor- row, aud request his co-operation in a schema' which is not only to prove profitable, but to make head against the lax principle« of the present age. Leave me alone to tickle him. I consider his name, and those of one or two others belonging to the same meeting house fellows with bank stock, and all sorts of tin as perfectly secure. These dissenters smell a pre- mium from an almost incredible distance. Ve can fill "mp the rest of the committee with ciphers, and the whole thing is done. "But the engineer; we must announce such an officer us a matter of course." " I never thought of that," said Bob. " Couldn't we hire a fellow from one of the stenmboats." " I fear that might get us into trouble. You know there are such things us gradients and sections to be prepared. But there's Watty Solder, the gasfitter, who failed the other day. He's a sort of civil engineer by trade, and will jump at the proposal like a trout at the tail of a May fly." " Agreed. Now, then, lot's fix the number of shares, This is our first experiment, and I think we ought to be moderate. No sound political economist is avaricious. Let ui say twelve thousand, at twenty pound« a piece." " So be it." " Well, then, that's arranged." The prospectus ran as follows : . . w . « ' DIBECr OLUHMUTCIIltllt BlILWiT. In 12,000 shares of _T20 each. Depoilt, jil par" ?hare. Provisional Committee. Sir Polloxfen Tromens, Bart., of ToddymahU Tu\ ¡ill M'Tavisli, of Iuvcrtavish .T,ho Jl'OlOáMS ". Augustas Reginald Dunshunner, Kiq, of St, Mir- rong Samuel Sawley, Esq , merchant Mhic-Mhiie-Vich-Iiiduibh riiclira O'Pinlan, Ev>., of Castle-rook, Ireland The Captain of M'Alcohol Factor for Giontumbleri John Job Jobion, Esq., manufacturer. Evan M'CUiv, of Glcnseart and Imirvewky Jjtaph Heckles, Eaq. Ilabuukuk Grabbio, Portioncr in Rammoth-Dram clog. Engineer. Walter Solder, Esq. Interim Secretary. Hubert M'Corkindale, Esq. Tho necessity of a direct line of railwy commnnl. cation through tho fcrtilo and populous district known ai the \ullcy of Glenmutchkln, hulong beenftlt and uuiver'ully acknowledged. Independent of the lurpu slug grandeur of its mountain scenery, which shift b» immediately referred to, and other consideration! of even greater importance, Glenmutchkln it known to the capitalista os tho most important breeding station ia tb» Highlands of Scotland, aud indeed as the great em- porium trmn which tho southern markets are supplied. It has been calculated by a most eminent authority, that every acre in the strath is capable of rearing twenty head of cattle : and, a* has beea ascertained ufter a careful admeasurement, Hist there was not leis than two hundred thautaud Impro- vable acres immediately contiguous to the proposed line of railway, it may confidently be assumed that the number of cattle to be conveyed along the line will amount to 4,000,000 annuullv, which, at the lowest e»ti matc, would yield a re'venuo larger, in propor- tion to the capital subscribed, than that of any railway as jet completed within the united kingdom. From this optimale the traille in sheep and goats, with which the mountains aro literally covered, ha» been carefully excluded, it having boen found quite impossible (from its extent) to compute tho actual revenue to be drawn from that most important branch. It may, however, b» roughly assumed as from 17 to 19 per cent. Upon th« whole, after deduction ot tho working expenses. The population of Glenmutchkiu is extremely dealt. Its situation on the west coast lias afforded it the nattai of direct communication with America, of which for many ) ears the inhabitants have actively availed them- selves Indeed the amount of exportation of lire stock from this part of the Highlands to the Western continent has more than once attracted the attention of Parlia- ment. The manufactures aro large and compreheSMv», and include the most famous distiUorics in the world. The minerals are most abundant, and amongst the» may be reckoned quartz, porphyry, felspar, malachite, manganese, and basalt. A-t the foot of the valley, aud closo to the sea, Ile» the Important village known as the Clachan of Inventa«, it Is supposed by various eminent antiquaries to hare been the copital of the Picts, and, amongst the busy Inroads of commercial prosperity, it still retain» som« interesting traces of its former grandeur. There isa large fuhing station here, to width vessols from «very nation resort, and tho demand for foreign produce U daily and steadily increasing. As a sporting country Glenmutchkln Is unrlrallM: but ¡tisby the tourists ita beauties will most greedlli be sought. These consist of every combinatloa wolca plastic naturo can afford-cliffs of unusual magnitud« and grandeur- waterfalls only second to the sublim» cascades of Norway-woods, of which the bark is a re- markably valuable «omniodity. It need scarcely M added, to rouse tho enthusiasm inseparable from tau glorious glen, that here, in 1745, Prince Charle» E"»TT Stuart, then in the zenith of his hopes, was Joined bj tho brave Sir Grugar M'Grugarat the head of hü d«. voted clan. , . The railway will be 12 miles long, and can be com plated within six months after tho Act of Parliament u obtaiued. The gradients aro easy, and the curb» oDj tuse. Tuero aro no viaduct» of any importance,ana only four tunnel» along the whole length of tke lint. The »hortest of these does not exceed a milo and a In' conclusion, the projectors of this railway beg to »tate that they have determined, as a principle, to lit their face agumst all Sunday travelling whatsoever, ana to oppose every bill which may hereafter be broujni into Parliament, unless it shall contain o clause to tnai ellect. It is also thoir intcntlen to take up the caos» of tho poor and neglected stoker, for whose aecommo. dation, and social, moral, rellglou«, and intellectual improvement, a large stock of evangelical tracui wm »poedlly be required. Tenders of these, in quant»«JJ of not less than 12,000, may be »ent in «L° »". SVv. Secretary. Shares must bo applied for within tea oav» from the present dale. By order of tho Provisional Committee, nobcrt M'Corkindale, Secrttarv, " There !" said Bob, slapping down ta« prospectus on the table with the jauntine«« or a Cockney vouchsafing a pint of Hermitage io his guests, " what do you think of that, ti it doesn't do the business effectually, i «h_i| submit to be called a Dutchman. The la« touch about the stoker will bring u» u» the subscriptions of the old ladies by M» score," .,_ ""nt " Very masterly, indeed," «aid I. «J»« who the deuce is Mhic-MhacVich-Indmont À toniße chief, I Maure 7°^, though a \Xed: I P¡<*ed him UP UDOn tho AT HU g'andfather had an island Ä 'to the west of the Hebrides ; but it t l,id down in the maps AndthcCsptamofM'Alcoholf À crack distiller." And tho factor for Glentumblers " £ principal customer. But, bless you, £« St. Mirrens ! don't trouble yourself «ore «bout the committee. They are as «Ublc a sot-on paper, atleast-as you W wish to see on a summer s morning, the beauty of it is that they will glyo us ¿ne of trouble. Now, about the alloca Youandl must restrict ourselves to a ¡le of thousand shareB a piece. That s only id of the whole, but it won't do to be too But Bob, consider? Where on earth £e to find the money to pay up the de t.?" .._ ., .... Can vou, the principal director.of the Lmtchkin Railway, aBk me, the secretary, f7duf8tion? Don't you know that any Ubanks will give us tick to the amount Uftne deposits.' All this is settled al rv. and you can get your £2000 whenever Mease, merely tor the signing of a bill, lev -must get a thousand according to lation-Johnson, neckle&, and Grabbie, at tfhc hundred a piece, and another five äred.Islioul'H'iink, will exhaust the re- yne means of the committee. So that, out ir whole stock, there remain just 5000 « to be allocatid to the speculative and igelicil public. My eyes, won't there be a table for them ?" . tit day our prospectus appeared m the iraner«. It w»s read, canvassed, and «Hy approved of. During the afternoon, Ik an opportunity of looking into the Ton land whilst under shelter of the Glasgow la, roy es» weie solaced with such ejacu n« es the following : J lay, Jimsy, nae ye seen this grana new Itctui for a railway tae Glenmutchkin ?" My-it looks no that ill. The Hieland liare pitting their best fit foremost. Will Inly for shares ?" 1 think I'll tak' twa hundred. Whs.'« Sir Irfen Tremen»}" lle'll be yin o' the Ayrshire folk. H« Itorun horses st the Paisley races." ¡The Devil he did !" thought I.) ij'ye ken ony o' the directors, Jimsy ?" Iken Sawley fine. Ye may depend on't ?gads thing if he's in't, for he's a howkin' When it's »ure to gae up. What prem. [thing it will bring r ' fut pund a share, and mav be mair." }d, 111 apply for 300!" leaven bless you my dear countrymen I" ¡h I, » I »allied forth to refresh myself tbuinofsoup, "dobut maintain this 1 and patriotic feeling-this thirst for na 1 improvement, internal communication, iremiums-a short while longer, and I iiose fortune will be made."' ie following morning my breakfast i covered with shoals of letters, from rhom I »csrcely ever had spoken to io use a franker phraseology, had ever condescended to speak to mc g my influence as a director to obtain ires in the new undertaking. I never ice ia my life, so I chalked them down favouritism, for a certain proportion. I ngagedin this charitable work, the | iv open, and M'Corkindale, looking . laggard with excitement, rushed in. i may buy an estate whenever you Dunshtinner," cried he, " the world's fectly mad. I have been to Blazes the md he tells me that the whole amount ock has been subscribed for four times :adv, and he has not yet got in the re- nn Edinburgh and Liverpool !" they good names though, Bob-sure one of your M'Closkies and M'AI first names in the city, I assure you, it of them holders for investment. I'nt take £10,000,000 for their I ""hen the aooner wo close the list the think so too... I suspect a rival company e out betöre long. Blazes says the shares Hing already conditionally on allotment, 6d. premium." he deuce they are ! I pay, Bob, since we the cards in our hands, would it not be .0 favour them with a few hundreds at ate ? A. bird in the hand, you know, is i two in the bush, eh ?" know no such maxim in political eco '," replied the secretary. '. Are you mad, hunner? How aro the shares evwtoigo J it gets wind that the directors are selling ayr Our business just now is to bull the ¿iiot to hear it ; and if you will trust me, iii show them such an operation on the «ding scale as the Stock Exchange has not Maiedfor this long and many a-day. Then, Borrow, I shall advertise in the papers that [ipmmittee having received applications for ¡lurnea the amount of stock, have been com «d, unwillingly, to close the lists. That jabe a slap in the face to the dilatory itjwmen, and send up the shares like wild IwaB right. No sooner did the advertise ppear than a simultaneous groan was by «onie hundreds of disappointed tors, who with unwonted and unneccs ution had been anxious to see their way before committing themselves to our i enterprise. In consequence, they into the market, with intense anxiety Ï what terms thoy could ut the earliest id the "s. Gd. of premium was doubled lourseof a forenoon, illocation passed over very peaceably. , Heckles, Jobson, Grabbie, and the i of M'Alcohol, besides myself, attended k part in the business. We were also ned with the presence of the M'Closkie, |ich-Induibh ; but M'Corkindale, enter« ig some reasonable doubts as to the effect a their corporeal appearance might have ¡the representatives of the dissenting in fc had taken the precaution to get them p housed in a tavern, where an unbounded ¡F «gratuitous Ferntosh deprived us of pnerit of their experience. We, however, PU them twenty shares a-piece. Sir Pol Ï «emeni sent a handsome, though ra lUegiblo letter of apology, dated from an f m Lochlomond, where he was said to bo »Cd on particular business. i II. . . . * he day which succeeded the allocation, owing entry appeared in the Glasgow .«7 Rlrcot Glenmutchkin Railway, w.6d.lo..Cd.. 16s., 15s. Gd.,. 16s. '" «Ï ^'z'17»-. 18s. 18s, 19s. Gd, 21s., s. 6d, 21s., 25s. 6d., 27s., 29s., 29s. 6d. is., premium, ey might go higher and they ought to er, said Hob musingly; »but there's cn more stock to come and go upon, but »o sharks, Jobson and Grabble. I know, in the market to-morrow. We must hem have the whip-hand of us. I &L;"P .uthe whole' Dunshunner, though Mung them go dog-cheap, that wo ought I l-i .0UÏ "hares at the present pro | whilst there is a certainty of getting |hy not sell the whole ? Fm sure I have Cl. Patt,rth cvery »tí»« of the î>n such terms." ?Wm'" B.aid.Bob> "upon general prin lyott may be right ; but, thin, remember KA? Te8,ld intcre8tin the line." ^sted interest be hanged !" i1"," '«y wcll-at the same time it is iW ,i" I0"1 Balmon in a hu«y- The BeoÄth,Wwo,k P"«y well'for us, ular« . ,i keep something on hand for lavTÄar^hat80rao of lhose follows |»vç Bold to-day are working for a time , llharei 0 gly g0t ri? °f ° C0UPlc °' thou «I a m.u ? i har8° the deposit loan, but üinc« " I1 SXXU>Us- Uader l»e8e »» «fand I! .two-handed banquet was pro ïof ÄTr U?ly c,Rtried> the commence KS. fUnv.Ctly member, but am RÄ M ° lhe end- So ««any stories Kr dÜT CIr?lated »o the prejudice of Katthl ?' th-at î Öünkitmyduty to E5SiT entertainment was scrupulously KriKÍA*6"' ,and not car,ied to ao .__«nM the ?rel"n»nary survey, or the Nothing effects ao great a metamorphosis in the bearing of the outer man, as a sudden change of fortune. The anemone of the gar- den differs scarcely more from its unpretending jyrototype of tho woods, than Robert M'Cork- indale, Esq., secretary and projector of the Glenmutchkin Railway, differed from Bob M'Cuikindale, the seedy frequenter of " The Crow " In the days of yore, men eyed the surtout-napless at the velvet collar, and rre ternaturally white at the seams, which Bob vouchsafed to wear, with looks of dim sus- picion, as if some faint reminiscence, simi- lar to that which is said to recall the memory of a foimer state of existence, suggested to them a vision that the garment had once been their own. Indeed, his whole appearance was then wonderfully second-hand. Now he had cast his slough. A most undeniable Taglioni, with trimmings just bordering upon frogs, gave dignity to his demeanor, and twofold ampli- tude to his chest. The horn eyeglass was ex- changed for one of purest gold, the dingy highlows for well-waxed Wellingtons, the Paisley fogle for the fabric of the China loora. Moreover, he walked with a swagger, and af- fected in common conversation a peculiar dia- lect which he opined to be the purest English, but which no one,-except a bagman,-could be reasonably expected to understand. His pockets were invariably crammed with share lists ; and he quoted, if he did not compre- hend, the money article from 2'/ic limes. This sort of assumption, though very ludicrous in itself, goes down wonderfully. Bob gradually became a sort of authority, and his opinions got quoted oft 'Change. He was no ass, not- withstanding his peculiarities, and made good use of his opportunity. ***** Three weeks had elapsed, and still the Glen- mutchkin Railway shares were at a premium, , though rather lower than when wo sold. Our engineer, Watty Solder, returned from hiB first survey of the line, along with an assistant who really appeared to have some remote glimmer- ings of the science and practice of mensuration. It seemed, from a verbal report, that the line was actually practicable ; and the survey would have been completed in a very short time-"If," according to the account of Sol- der, " there had been ae hoos in the glen. But ever sin' the distillery stoppit-and that was twa year last Martinmas-there wasna a hole whaur a Christian could lay his head, muckle less get white sugar to his toddy, forbye the change-house at the clachan ; and the auld luckio that keepit it was sair forfochten wi' the palsy, and maist in the dead- throws. There war naebody else living within twa miles o' the line, barring a tacksman, a lamiter, and a bauldie." We had some difficulty in preventing Mr. Solder from making this report open and patent to the public, which premature disclosure might have interfered materially with the pre- paration of our traffic tables, not to mention the marketable value of the shares. We therefore kept him steadily at work out of Glasgow, upon a very liberal allowance, to which, apparently, he did not object. " Dunshunner," said M'Corkindale to me one day, " I suspect that there is something going on about our railway more than we are aware of. Have you observed that the shores are preternaturally high just now ?" " So much the butter. Let's sell." " I did so this morning-both yours and mine, at £2 10s. premium." "The deoce you did! Then we're out of the whole concern." " Not quite. If my suspicions are correct there's a good deal more money yet to be go from the speculation. Somebody has been bulling the stock without orders ; and, as they can have no information which, we are not perfectly up to, depend upon it, it is done for a purpose. I suspect Sawley and his friends. They have never been quite happy since the allocation ; and I caught him yesterday pump- ing our broker in the back shop. We'll see in a day or two. If* they are begin- ning a bearing operation, I know how to catch them." And, in effect, the bearing operation com- menced. Next day heavy sales were effected for delivery in three weeks ; and the stock, as if waterlogged began to sink. The same thing continued for the following two days, until the premium became nearly nominal. In the mean time, Bob and I, in conjunction with two leading capitalists, whom we let into the | secret, bought up steadily every share that was offered ; and at the end of a fortnight we I found that we liad purchased rather more than I double the amount of the whole original stock. Sawley and his disciples, who, as M'Coi kin dale suspected, were at the bottom of the whole transaction, having beared to their . heart's content, now came into the market to purchase, in order to redeem their engagements. Tile following extract fiom the weekly share lists will show the result of their endeavours to regain their lost position : Glenmutchkin Rail, £1 paid, Sat. Mon. Tues. Wed. Th. Ftld. Bat. li I 2* | 4* I 7* | 103 | 15. | j.; and Monday wa? the day of delivery. I have no means of knowing in what frame of mind Mr. Sawley spent the Sunday, or whether he had recourse for mental consolation to Peden ; but on Monday morning he presented himself at my door in full funeral costume, with about a quarter oí a mile of crape swathed round his hat, black gloves, and a countenance infinitely more doleful than if he had been attending the interment of his beloved wife. "Walkin, Mr. Sawley," said 1 cheerfully " What a long time it is since I have had the pleasure of seeing you-too long indeed for brother directors. How are Mrs. Sawley and Miss Selina-won't you take a cup of coffee?" " Grass, Sir, grass !" said Mr. Sawley, with a sigh like the groan of a furnace-bellows. "We are all flowers of the oven-weak, erring creatures, every one of us. Ah ! Mr. Dun- shunner ! you have been a great stranger at Lykewake- terrace !" " Take a muffin, Mr. Sawley, Anything new in the railway world?" " Ah, ray dear Sir-my good Mr. Augustus Reginald-I wanted to have some serious con- versation with you on that very point. I am i afraid there is something far wrong, indeed, in the present state of our stock." '< Why, to be sure, it is high ; but that, you know, is a token of the public confidence in the line. After all, the rise is nothing com- pared to that of several English railways ; and individually, I suppose, neither of us have any reason to complain." " I don't Uko it," said Sawley, watching me i over the margin of Ids coffee- cup. "I don't like it. It savours too much of gambling for a man of my habits. Selina, who is o sensible girl, has serious qualms on the subject." "Then why not get out of it? I have no objection to run the risk, and, if you like to transact with me,( I will pay you ready money for every share you have, at the present market I price." Sawley writhed uneasily in his chair. " Will you sell me 500, Mr. Sawley ? Say the word and it is a bargain." " A time bargain ? quavered the coffin maker. "No. Money down, and scrip handed over. "I-I can't. The fact is, my dear young friend, I have sold all my stock already ! " Then permit me to ask, Mr. Sawley, what possible objection you can have to the present aspect of affairs ? You do not surely suppose that we are going to issue new shares and biing down the market, simply because you have re- alised at a handsome premium ? " A handsome premium! O Loid !" moaned Sawley. " Why, what did you got for them ? " Four, three, and two-and-a-half. " A very considerable profit indeed," said I, " nnd you ought to be abundantly thankful. We shall talk this matter over at another time, Mr. Sawley, but just now I must beg you to excuse me. I have a particular engagement this morning with my broker-rather a heavp transaction to settle-and so-" .. It's no use beating about the bush any longer," said Mr. Sawley in an excited tone, at the same time dashing down his crape-co- vered castor on the floor. " Did you ever see a ruined man with a large family ? Look at me, Mr. Dunshunner-I'm one, and you dpne it." " Mr. Sawley, are you in your senses ?" "Thatdepends on circumstances. Haven't you been buying stock lately ?" " I am glad to say I have-2000 Olenmutch kins, I think, and this is the day of delivery." " Well, then-can't you see how the matter stand« ? It wat I who »old them !" «Well?" " Mother of Moses, Sir ! don't you see I'm ruined ?" " By no means-but you must not swear. I pay over the money fur your scrip, and you pocket a premium. It seems to me avery simple transaction. " " But I tell you I haven't got the scrip !" cried Sawley, gnashing his teeth, whilst the cold beads of perspiration gathered largely on his brow. " That is very unfortunate ! have you lost it? " No ! the Devil tempted me, and I over- sold !" There was a very long pause, during which I assumed an aspect of serious and dignified rebuke. " Is it possible," said I in a low tone, after the manner of Kean's offended fathers. "What ? you, Mr. Sawley-the stoker's friend-the enemy of gambling-the father of Selina, con- descend to so equivocal a transaction ? You amaze me ! But I never was the man to press heavily on a friend"-here Sawley brightened up,-.' your secret is safe with me, and it shall be your own fault if it reaches the ears of the session. Fay me over the difference at the present market price, and I release you of your obligation." " Then I'm in the Gazette, that's all," said Sawley doggedly, " and a wife and nine beau- tiful babes upon the parish ; I had hoped other things from you Mr. Dunshunncr ; I thought you and Selina-" " Nonsense, man ! Nobody goes into the Gazette just now ; it will be time enough when the general crash comes. Out with your check-book, and write me an order for four and-twenty thousand. Confound fractions; In these days one can afford to be liberal.' ' " I haveu't got it," said Sawley. " You have no idea how bad our trade has been of late, for nobody seems to think of dying. I have not sold a gross of coffins this fortnight ; but I'll tell yon what, I'll give you 5,000 down in cssh, and 10,000 in shares-further I can't go." " Now, Mr. Sawley," said I, " I may be blamed by worldy-minded persons for what I am going to do ; but I am a man of principle, and feel deeply for the situation of your amiable wife and family. I bear no malice, though it is quite clear .that you intended to make me the sufferer. Fay me 15,000 over the counter, and we cry quits for ever." " Won't you take Camlachie Cemetary shares ? They are sure to go up." «« No." " 1200 Cowcaddens' Water, with an issue of new Btock next week ?" " Not if they disseminated the Ganges." " A thousand Hamshorn Gas-i per cent, guaranteed until the act ?' " Not if they promised 20, and melted down the sun in their retort." " Blawweary Iron ? Best spec going." " No, I tell you once for all. If you don't like my offer-and it is an uncommonly liberal one-say so, and I'll expose you this afternoon upon 'Change." " Well, then-there's a check. But may the-" " Stop, Sir, Any such profane expressions, and I shall insist upon the original bargain. So, then-now we're quits, I wish you a very good morning, Mr. 8awley, and better luck next time. Fray remember me to your amiable family." The door had hardly closed upon the dis- comfited coffin maker, and 1 was still in the preliminary steps of an extempore pas seul, in- tended as the outward demonstration of ex- ceeding inward joy, when Bob M'Corkindale entered. I told him the result of the morning's conference. "You have let him off too easily," said the Political Economist. " Had I been his credi- tor, I certainly should have sacked the shares into tho bargain. There is nothing like rigid dealing between man and man." " I am contented with moderate profits," said I ; " besides, the image of Selina overcame me. How goes it with Jobson and Grabble?" " Jobson has paid and Grabbie compounded. Heckles-may he die an evil death ! has repu- diated, become a lame duck, and waddled ; but no doubt his estate will pay a|dividend." " So then, we are clear of the whole Glen mutchkin business, and at a handsome profit." " A fair interest for the outlay of capital nothing more. But I'm not quite done with the concern yet." " How so ? not another bearing operation ?" "No; that cock would hardly fight. But you forget that I am secretary to the company, and have a small account against them for ser- vices already rendered. I must do what I can to carry the bill through Parliament ; and as you have now sold your whole shares, I advise you to resign from the direction, go down straight to Glenmutchkin, and qualify yourself for a witness. We shall give you five guineas a-day and pay all your expenses." " Not a bad notion. But what has become of M'Closkie, and the other fellow with the jaw-breaking name?" " Vich-Induibh ? I have looked after their intetests, as in duty bound ; sold their shares at a large premium, and despatched them to their native hills on annuities." " And Sir Polloxfen ?" " Died yesterday of spontaneous combus- tion." As the company seemed breaking up, I thought I could not do better than take M'Corkindale's hint, and accordingly betook mj self to Glenmutchkin, along with the Cap- tain of M'Alcohol, and we quartered ourselves upon the Factor for Glentumblers. We found Watty Solder very shaky, and his assistant also lapsing into habits of painful inebiiety. We saw little of them except of an evening, for we shot and fished the whole day, nnd mad« ourselves remarkably comfortable. By singu- lar good luck the plans and sections were lodged intime, and the Board of Trude very handsomely reported in our favour, with a re- commendation of what they were pleased to call "the Glenmutchkin system," and a hope that it might generally be carried out. What this system was I never clearly understood ; but, of course, none of us had any objections. This circumstance gave an additional impetus to the shares, and they once more went up. I was, however, too cautious to plunge a se- cond time into Charybdis, but M'Corkindale did, and again emerged with plunder. When the time came for the Parliamentary contest, we all emigrated to London. I still recollect, with lively satisfaction, the many pleasant days we spent in the metropolis at the company's expense. There were just a neat 50 of us, and we occupied the whole of an hotel. The discussion before the committee was long and formidable. We were opposed by four other companies who patronized lines, of j which the nearest was at least 100 miles dis- tant from Glentmutchkin ; but aB they founded their opposition upon dissent' from the " Glen- mutchkin system" generally, the committee allowed them to be heard, We fought for three' weeks a most desperate battle, and might in the end have been victorious, had not our I last antagonist at the very close of his case, pointed out no less than 73 fatal errors in the Parliamcntnty plan deposited by the unfor- tunate Solder. Why this was not done earlier I never exactly understood ; it may be that our opponents, with gentlemanly consideration, were unwilling to curtail our sojourn in Lon- don, and their own. The drama was now finally closed ; nnd, after all preliminary expenses were paid, Cd. per share was returned to the holders upon surrender of their scrip. 1 Such is an accurate history of the origin, rise, progress, and fall ofthe Direct Glenmutohkin Railway. It contains a deep moral, if any- body has sense enough to see it ; if not, I have a new project in my eye for next session, of which timely notice will be given. 