Second Notice. We resume our extracts from this popular and highly interesting work : — Pictures from Italy. By Charles Dickens. London, 1846\. Bradbury and Evans. THE GAJtE OF MORA AT GENOA. The most favorite game is the national one of mora, which they pursue with surprising ardour, and at which they will stake everything they possess. It is a destructive kind of gambling, requiring no accessories but the ten fingers, which are always— 1 intend no pun— at hand. Two men play together. One calls a nntnber— say the extreme one, ten. He marks what portion of it he pleases by throwing out three, or four, or five fingers ; and his adversary has, iu the same instance, at hazard, and without seeing his hand, to throw out as many fingers as will make the exact balance. Their eyes and hands become so used to this, and act with such astonishing rapidity, that an uninitiated bystander would find it very difficult, if not impossible, to follow the progress of the game. The initiated, however,- of whom there is always an eager group looking on, devour it with the most intense avidity ; and as they are always ready to champion one side or the other in case of a dispute, and are fre quently divided in their partisanship, it is often a very noisy proceeding. It ij never the quietest game in the world j for the numbers are always called in a loud sharp voice, and follow as close upon each other as they can be counted. On a holy- day evening, standing at a window, or walking in a garden, or passing through the streets, or sauntering in any quiet place adbut the town, you will hear this game in progress in a score of wine- shops at once ; and looking oyer any vineyard walk, or turning almost any corner, will come upon a knot of players in full cry. It is observable that most men have a propensity to throw out some particular number than another ; and the vigi lance with which two sharp-eyed player will mutually endea vour to detect this weakness, and adapt their game to it,-ift very curious and entertaing. The effect is greatly "heighten ed by the universal suddenness and vehemence of gesture ; two men play ing for half a farthing with an intensity as all-absorbing as if the stake were life. From the same city he brings a graphic scene. STREET SKETCH IN GENOA. It is not unusal to see, lying on the edge of the tank at these times, or on another flat stone, an unfortunate baby tightly Bwathed up, arms and legs and all, in a enormous quantity of wrapper, so that it is unable to move a toe or finger. This cus tom (which we often see represented in old pictures) is univer sal among the common people. A child is left anywhere with out the possibility of crawling away, or is accidently knocked off a shelf, or tumbled out of bed, or is hung upon a hook now and then, and is left dangling like a doll an English rag- shop, without the least inconvenience to any body. I was sitting one Sunday, soon after rty arrival, in the little country church of San Martino, a couple of miles from the city, while a baptism took place. 1 saw the priest, and an attendant with a large taper, and a man and a woman, and some others ; but I had no more idea, until the ceremony was all over, that it was a bap tism, or that the curious little instrument was passed from one to another in the course of the ceremony by the handle— like a short poker— was a child than I had that it was my own christening. I borrowed the child afterwards for a minute or two (it wap lying across the font then) and found it very red in the face, but perfectly quiet, and not to be bent on any terms. The number of cripples in the streets soon ceased to surprise me. Dickens excels in the portraiture of houses. Ad mirable is this of AN OLD HOUSE IN GENOA. This sequestered spot is approached by lane3 so very narrow, that when we arrived at the Custom-house, we found the peo ple there had taken the measure of the narrowest among them, and were waiting to apply it to the carriage; which ceremony was gravely performed in the street, while we all stood by in breathless suspense. It was found to be a very tight fit, but just a possibility, and no more— as I am reminded every day, by the sight of various large holes which it punched in the walls on either side as it came along. We are 'more fortunate, I am told, than an old lady who took a house in these parts not long age, and who stuck fast in her carriage in a lane ; and as it was impassible to open one of the doors, she. was obliged. to submit to .the. indignity of being hauled through one of the little front windows, like ftarlequin. When you have got through thes narrow lanes, you come to an archway, imperfectly stopped up by a rusty old gate— my gate. The rusty old gate has a bell to correspond, which you ring as long as you like, and which no body answers, as it has no connection whatever with the house. But there is a rusty old knocker, too — very loose, so that it slides round when you touch it— and if you learn the trick of it, and knock long enough, somebody comes. The brave Courier comes, and gives you admittance. You walk, into a seedy little garden, all wild and weedy, from- whieh- the vineyard opens; cross it, enter £ square hall like a cellar, walk up a cracked marble, staircase, ,aud pass into a most enormous room with a vaulted rcof and whitewashed walls : not unlike a great nte- fhodist chapel. This is the sala. It has five windows and five doors, and is decocted with pictures which would gladden the heart of one of thflPpicture-cleaners in London who hang up, as a sign, a picture divided, like death and the lady, at the top of the old ballad ; which always leaves you in a state of uncer tainty whether the ingenious professor has cleaned one half or dirted the other. The furniture of this sala is a sort of red brocade. All the chairs are immovable, and the sofa weighs several tons. On the Same flt>or, and opening out of this same chamber, are dining-room, drawing-room, and divers bed-rooms; each with a multiplicity of doors and windows. Up stairs are divers other gaunt chambers, and a kitchen ; and down stairs is another kitchen, "which, with all sorts of strange contrivances for burning charcoal, looks like an alchemical laboratory. There are also some half-dozen small sitting-rooms, where the ser vants, in this hot July, may escape- from the heat of the fire, and where the brave Courier plays all sorts of musical instru ments of his own manufacture, all the evening long. A mighty old, wandering, ghostly, echoing, grim, bare house it is, as ever I beheld or thought of. His own humour is apparent in the description ef the ASCENT OF yHE HOLY. STAIRCASE AT ROME. I never in ray life saw anything at once so ridiculous and so unpleasant as this sight : ridiculous in the absurd incidents in separable from it, and unpleasant in its senseless and unmean ing degradation. There are two steps to begin with, and then a rather broad landing. The more rigid climbers went along this landing on their knees, as well as up the stairs-; and the figures they cut in their shuffling progress over the level sur face no description can paint. Then, to see them watch their opportunity from the porch, and cut in Where there was a place next the wall ! And to see one man. wjth an umbrella (brought on purpose, for it was a fine day), hoisting himself, unlawfully, from stair to stair! And to observe A demure lady J6f fifty-five \ or so, looking back every now and tfijln.to awure herself that her legs were properly disposed ! "here Were such odd, differ- I enceg in the speed of different people too."- Sotoe get on as if I they were doing a match against time ; others stopped to say a | prayer on every step. This man touched every stair with his ' forehead, and kissed it : that man scratched his head all the ' way. The boys got on brilliantly, and were up and dewn again before the old lady had accomplished her half dozen stairs, j But most of the penitents came down very sprightly and fresh, ' as having done a real good substantial deed,, which it would take a good deal of sin to counterbalance: and the old gentle man in the watch-box was down upon them with his cannister while they were in this humour, I promise you. Mr. Dickens lived far a year at Genoa, spite of the aversion he felt to the place upon first acquaintance. FIRST IMPRESSIONS OF GENOA. I never, in my life, was so dismayed! The wonderful novelty of every, thing, the unusual smells, the unaccountable filth (though it is reckoned the cleanest of Italian towns), the dis orderly jumbling of dirty houses, one upon the roof of another, the passages more squalid and more close than any in Saint Giles's or old Paris ; in and out of which, not vagabonds, but ' well-dressed women, with white veils and great fans, were pass ing and repassing ;' the perfect absence of resemblance in any dwelling-house, or shop, or wall, or p<t,; or pillar, to anything 'one had seen before; and the disheartening dirt, discomfort, and decay, perfectly confounded me. , I fell into a dismal reverie. I am Conscious of a feverishjand bewildered vision of of saints and virgins' shrines at the street corners— of great numbers of friars, monks, and soldiers>-ef vast red curtains waving in the doorways of the churches— of always going up hill, and yet seeing every other street and passage going higher up— of fruit stalls with fresh lemons and oranges hanging in garlands made of vine-leaves — of a guard house and a draw bridge—and some gateways— and venders of iced waters sitting with little trays upon the margin of the kennel— and this is all the consciousness I had until I was set down in a rank, dull, weedy court-yard, attached to a kind of pink jail, and was told 1 lived there. I little thought, that day, that I should ever come, to have an attachment for the very stones in the streets of Genoa, and to look back upon the city with affection, as con nected with many hours of happiness and quiet. We do not remember to have seen so graphic a pic ture as this of the leaning tower at pisa. Sismondi compares the Tower to the usual pictorial repre sentations in children's books of the Tower of Babel. It is a happy simile, and conveys a better idea of the building than chapters of laboured description. Nothing can exceed the grace and lightness of the structure ; nothing can be, more remarkable than its general appearance. In the course of the ascent to the top (which is by an easy staircase) the inclination is not very apparent ; but at the summit it becomes o, and gives one the sensation of being in a ship that is keeled over through the action of an ebb tide. The effect upon the low side, so to speak — looking over from the gallery; and seeing the shaft recede to its base — is very startling ; and I saw a nervous traveller hold on to the tower involuntarily, after glancing down, as if he had some idea of propping it up. The view within, from the ground— looking up, as through a slanted' tube— is also very curious. It certainly inclines as much as the most sanguine tourist could desire. The natural impulse of ninety- nine people out of a hundred who were about to recline upon the grass below it, to jest and contem plate the adjacent buildings, would probably be, not to take up their position under the leaning side— It is so very much aslant. VERONA,- I had been half afraid to go to Verona, lest i t should ar all put me out of cdnceit Of Romeo and Juliet But' I was no sooner come into the old market- plade, than the misgiving vanished. It is so fanciful, quaint, and picturesque a place, formed by such an extraordinary and rich variety of fantastic buildings, that there could be nothing better at the core of even this romantics town: scene of one of. the most romaptic and beautiful of. stories. It was natural enough to. go strait from the market-place to the House, of the Capulets, now de generated into a most miserable little inn. Noisy veiturini and muddy market carts were disputing possession of the yard, Which was ankle deep in dirt, with a- brpod of splashed and bespattered geese ; and there was a grim-visaged dog, viciously panting in a doorway, who would certainly have had Romeo by the leg the moment he put it over the wall, if he had existed and been at large in those times. The orchard fell into other hands, and was parted off many years ago ; but there used to . be one attached to the house— or at all events.there may have been— and the bat (capello), the ancient cognizance of the family,' may still be seen, carved in stone, over t|ie gateway of the yard. The geese, the market carts, their drivers, and the dog, were somewhat in the way of the story it must be confessed ; and to have been able to walk, through the disused rooms. But the hat was unspeakably comfortable? ; and the place where the garden Used to be, hardly less so. Besides, ,lhe house is a dis trustful, jealous-looking house as oneTwdtold desire to see, though of a very moderate size. So l wh'quite satisfied with it, as the, veritable mansion of aid Capplet, and was corre spondingly an extremely unsefitimcmfcl "mlddle-aged lady, tfiV¥adtena of the Hotel, - wlro ;wa's lounging on the tbreshliold looking at the geese, and who at least resembled the Capulets in the one particular of being very great indeed in the " family " way".. From Juliet'8 home to Juliet's tomb is a transition as natural to the visitor as to fair Juliet herself, or to the proudest Juliet that ever has laught the torches to burn bright in any time," So I went off, with a guide, to an old, old garden, once belonging to an old' old convent, 1 suppose ; and being admitted at a shattered gate, by a bright eyed woman who was washing clothes, went down some walks where fresh plants and young flowers werfe prettily growing among fragments of old wall and ivy-covered mounds, and was shewn a little tank or water-trough, which the bright-eyed woman, drying her arms upon her 'kerchief, called, " La tomba di Giuletta la sfortunata." With the best disposi tion in the world to believe, I could do no more than believe that the bright-eyed woman believed ; so I gave her that much credit, and her customary fee in ready money. It was a plea sure, rather than a disappointment, that Juliqt's resting-place wns forgotten. However consolatory it may have been to Yor- rick's ghost to hear the feet upon the pavement overhead, and, twenty times a day, the repetition of his name, it is better for Juliet to lie out of the trick of tourists, and to have no visitors but such as come to graves in spring-rain, and sweet air and sunshine. Now for a bird's-eye view of ROME IN THE DISTANOE. When we were fairly off again, we began,, in a perfect fever, to strain our eyes for Rome ; and when," after another mile or two, the Eternal City appeared at length in the distance, it looked like— I am half afraid to Write the word— like London ! There it lay, under a thick cloud, with innumerable towers and steeples, and roofs of houses, rising up into the sky, and, high above them all, one dome. J swear that, keenly as I felt tlie seeming absurdity of the comparison-, it was so like London at that distance, that if you could have shewn it to me in a glass I should have taken it for nothing else. Another picture — PIACENZA. j, A brown, decayed, old cjieese of a town, Piacenza is. A deserted solitary, grass-grown place, with ruined ramparts : half filled-up trenches, which afford a frowsy pasturage to the lean kine that wander about them ; and streets of stern houses moodily frowning at the other houses over the way. The sleepiest and shabbiest of soldiery go wandering abqut with tbe double curse of laziness and poverty uncouthly wrinkling their misfitting regimentals ; the dirtiest children play with their impromptu toys (pigs and mud) in the feeblest of gutters ; and the gauntest of dogs trot in and out of the dullest of archways, in perpetual search of something to eat, which they never seem to find. A mysterious and solemn palace, guarded by two colossal statues, twin genii of the. place, stands gravely in the midst t>f .the idle town ; and the king with the marble legs, who flourished in the time of the Arabian Nights, might live contentedly inside of it, and never have the energy in his upper half rof flesh and blood, to want toxoine out. What a 'strange, Lalf-sorrowful 'and - half-delicious doze it is, to ramble through these places goDe to sleep and basking iri the sun 1 Each in its turn appears to be, of alt the mouldy, dreary, God- forgotten towns , in the wide world, the chief. Sitting on this hillock where a bastion used to be, and where a noisy fortress was, in the time of the old Roman station here, I became aware that .1 had never known till now what it is to be lazy. A dor mouse must suoely be in very much the same condition before lie retires under the wool in his cage— or a tortoise before he buries himself. I feel that I am getting rusty. That any attempt to think, would be accompanied with a creaking. noise. That there is nothing anywhere to be done, or needing to be done. That there is no more human progress, motion, effort, or advancement, of any kind beyond this. That the whole scheme stopped here centuries ago, and lay down tp rest till the Day of Judgment. In copclusion, we take the lottbfty at naples. There is ene extraordinary feature in the real life of Naples, at which we may take a glanee before we go— the lotteries. They prevail in most parts of Italy, but are particularly obvious in their effects and influences here.. They are: drawn every Saturday. They bring an impiense revenue to the government, and diffuse a taste for gambling among the poorest of the poor, which is very comfortable to the coffers of the state, and Very ruinous to, themselves. Theiowerst stake is one grain- less than a fartbirig. . Gnd; hundred numbers?— from one to a hundred inclusive?— are put intoabox. Five are drawn— those are the prizeisL- 1 fiuythisee numbers.; if one of .them come up, I win a small pite ; if tfcb; some hundreds of times my stake ; if three, three thousand Bye hundreii times my stake, al stake or play as theyeaU it) What 1 can -upon roynlimbers, and buy what numbers 1 please.' -The amonnt 1 play I pay. at the .lottery officei'U'hete I purchase ' the ticket; and it is stated on jthe ticket itself. Everydottery office keeps a printed book, an universal Lottery Diviner, Where every possible accident and circumstance is proVlde3'fbt|"an<i h98 a number againstit. For instance; let us falqy tiVo iciiriini-T-aboUt Sevenpence; On our .way to the lottery bjficewruu against aldack man. When .we get there, ;we say grAVy, . P IbeJbiviner." We look at black "<! i iw.ua- ihafc-W e . look at ;.,;.,nuuig.igams|t We '. look at tlm namevOterleilf. "Give'us that" KwW we have our three numbers. ,M roof of tbe.theatre of San Carlo were tofrill in.fcb ihany pebple. would play upon the cum. bers attached tb7 such an accident in the Diviner, that the go vernment would soon .close those numbers, and decline to run the fisk of losing any more upon. them. .-Tiffs -often happens Net long ago, when there was a fire' in ther King's Palace; there was such a desperate run on fire, and king, and .palace, that .iu|ther,stakes on the numbers attached- to. 'those words in the Golden Rook were forbidden. ' Every- accident or. event is.sup- iposcd, by the ignoraht populace, to be a revelation to the .beholder, .or pasty concerned, in connexion with the lottery. Certain people: who have: a- talent for dreaming fortunately, are much sough t a|ter ;a«d, there. are some priests Who are con- 'stautly favored With visions of lite iupky numberv' I .hcard of -a horse ruuntug 'away with a man, and dashing him down; dead, .at tlfe corner of a 'street. Pursuing the horse, with incredible .speed, was. another man ; wo ran so fast, that he came up im mediately after the accident, lie threw himself upon his knees beside the unfortunate rider, and clasped his hand with an expression of th& wildest grief; "ifyou have life," ' speak one word tome,! Ifyou have one gasp of breath left, mention yonr age for Heaven's sake, that 1 may play that number in the lottery." It is'four o'clock in the afternoon, and we may go to ace our lbttety drawn; The: ceremony takes place every fatur- day, in the Tribiiqale, or Cotitt bf -Justice— this singular earthy smelling room, or gallery, is as toouldy as an old cellar, and as damp as a„du»geon. At the upper end is a platform, with a large horse-shoe table upon it'; bud a President and . Council sitting round— all the Judge? Of the Law. The man on the little stool behind the President; li the Cajto Las&arone;, — a kind of uibune pf the pcopte, ajppigtedj6n; their behalf to.see that all 43 fairly conducted-jaVtendjd by a few personal friends.' A ragged, swarthy fellow 'hq? long niatied hair hanging .down all over hiV face; And qdyered; - from head to foot with most unquestionably geouinedlri- A.ll the body of the room is filled with the commonest of -the Neapolitan people ; and be tween them and the pktfo, guarding the steps leading to the latter, is a sriiall bodylof 'k«!|4A;; There is some delay in the arrival Of the necessary ; during which, the , box, in which the. numberSijj betfig placed, in a- source of the deepest interest. " Wheri thje boy who is to draw the. number Put of it 'bectdbrhineitt feature of the pro ceedings. He is alreadpeA jon his part, in' tight brown H olland-coat., with Pply .-JMifel.|rieft) sleeve., to it, — which leaves his right arm. eCeWider, ready for pluhging down into the my steriouscfu. "During the hush and whisper ttsaf pervade the room, all orb tprried on this young- minis ter' of fortune.' Peojfierlgi|i,|q inquire'liis age, with a view to the next lottery ; and tie number of his brothers and sisters : . and the age ofI»w fother»ata. im)thqfj| And whether he has any . moles pr.pimple upon jipSi# and . how many ;— wheu tue at rival of the last, judge bfit Pnc (a little old man uni versally dreaded iByfe). makes a slight diversion, and Would occasion a greater one, but that' he is im mediately deposed, as a source of interest, by the officiating „ dity, little boy, carrying his sacred vestments and a pot pf Holy Mater. Here is (lie last judge coii)ie at last, and now lie takes hta- plate at the hdrse'-shoe tabtfe ! 'There isa' murmur of irre pressible agitation. In theiftitlst of -it, the priest puts his head into the sacred vestmeuts, and pulls the same over his shoulders. Thro, he .says silent prayer ; and, dipping a brpsh into the pot of Holy Water, sprinkles it over the box and over the boy, and gives .them a double-barrelled, blessing, — which the box and the boy are both hoisted ,on the table to receive. The boy remaining on the table, the box is now carried round the front of the platform by an attendant : who holds it up, and shakes it 1 ustily all the time— seeming. to say, like the conjnror, "There is no deception, ladies and gentlemen; keep your eyes upon me if you please 1" At last, the box is set before the boy ; and tha boy, first holding up his naked arm and open hand, dives down into the hole (it is made -like a ballot-box) and pulls out a number, which is rolled up, ropnd something bard like a bonbon, This he hands to the judge, next him, who uttrols a little bit, and hands it to the President, next to whom he sits. The President unrols it very slowly. Tha Capo Lazzarone leaos>ver his shoulder. The President holds it. up, unrolled, to the Capo Lazzorope. The Capo Lazzarone, looking at it eagerly, cries out, in a shrill loud voice, " Sessantudue 1" (sixty two),— expressing the two upon his flhgwjjaras he calls out. Alas ! the Capo Lazzarone himself has notV&ked; on sixty-two. His face is very long and his eyes roll wildly. 