SOVEREIGNS AT LOGGERHEADS. Ilailea (From the Ghost of our own lieporter.J THINGS are in a dreadfully disturbed state here. The announcement that it had been determined to erect statues of the Kings of England in your new bouses of Parliament, has thrown an apple of contention into our pleasant little community. A month ago, the harmony that prevailed was delightful. You might havo Boon Harold and William the Norman cracking a social cup of hippocras, and helping each other to boar's head and cygnet with the best grace in the world. Henry the Fourth, who had resumed Ilia title of Duke of Lan caater. after making the most ample apolo- gies to Richard the Second, has for centuries past striven, by constant attention to that rather week monarch, to repair his unhand- some treatment of him in Pomfret Castle. Henry the Sixth and Edward tho Fourth (whoso cpntinual quarrels over their social game of cribbage led to our sending them to Coventry for a lonr* time,) had patched up a hollow place, and were, at all events, civil to each other. Richard the third (who is by no means the disagreeable person that Shakespeare has represented him,) had ex- pressed his contrition to poor little Edward tho Fifth, and tho hoy used to say he was rather obliged to his uncle for easing his young brows of a crown that would probably have causeil him many a head-ache ; while Charles the First, who has long got over his antipathy to tnbncco, might havo been seen blowing a social cloud and discussing ab- struse points of dogmatic theology with Cromwell, whose bluff, soldier-liko manners had made him rather unpopular. William the Third had seriously set about converting James tho Second to low Church views in religion, and constitutional principles in politics, and with good prospects of success. Now all is changod. Sinco this unlucky gallery of Royal personages was projected, they have taken to discussing their respective claims to the throne, and private characters ; which, between ourselves, is ticklish ground for most nf thom: (Injure and dc facto are ringing in our cars-you can't take a walk without being dazzled by huge placards, such as " Harold and tho Saxon Linc." "Vote for William the Norman and the strong hand I" "Who killed Richard"tho Third ?" " Edward the Fourth begs respectfully to state that he has no connexion with the rival branch over the way." James tho Second ha3 declared his in- tention of bringing an action of ejectment against William the Third, and of suing him for the tiicsnc profits; while William, on his part, retorts, with the most unmeasured denunciations of Popery, in the pubtic prints. Cromwell has hitherto taken but little part in the quarrel, although Charles the First has resumed all the awkward stiffness of his manner towards him, and the smoking parties have long been abandoned. FURTHER PARTICULARS. A coalition has taken place. By some extraordinary management on the part ol several historians, who have been admitted to the Royal dinner-table, all the conflicting parties have been reconciled to each other and each consents tacitly to admit his rival'i claim to a statue, with one exception. Al the crowned heads have turned Coreel; against poor old Cromwell, who sits quietly with a grim calmness in his bluff, stern face and puckers his wart into a smile, as thi storm beats upon him from all quarters. ! has been voted, men. curt., that he is to b excluded. The only tenable ground for thi is tho fact that he never assumed the nam of King, but has " Protector" on his cardi It seems generally agreed that the want c polish in his manners, and a theoretic! preference for republican opinions, ha created a prejudice against him in certai quarters, which has been taken ad van ta g of. I was speaking to tlio old gentleman (who is very affable) a few days ago. " It don't mailor a brass farthing to me," was his reply, when I condoled with him on tho scurvy treatment ho had mot with. '. Till they cnn blot my nomo out of the book of tho History oj'England, the world will know there was a mau Cromwell, who stepped in between a despot and a debaucheo ; and as for the statue, I never was over-fond of graven images. I'm not squeamish about the com- pany I keep, and I've always treated Charles with respect down hero: but, if it comes to a question of private feeling, I'd rallier not stand an a pedestal between him and his precious imp of darkness. And for tho mailor of that, I can tell those- gentlemen with tho crowns on, over yonder, (and ho pointed with his pipe,) that I never knew a set of moro disreputable fellows in my life ; and some of my Ironsides were no great thing's to boast of in the way of character." After this unusually long and coherent speech, thc old soldier resumed his pipe, with a grunt; and I left him, looking as tour as if Vane had just treated bim to a dose of Fifth-Monarchy enthusiasm.-Punch. 