RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. HORRIBLE TREATMENT OF NUNS. The following account of the brutal manner in which a number of nuns were treated by the reli-<*> gious authorities in Russia and Poland on their re-<*> fusing to go over to the Grecian church, is taken from a German paper. It is so horrible a story that we would faiu hope it is exaggerated ; but the cruelties that are practised in those countries are of such a nature that the truth can be hardly doubted t—ln the year 1836, a ukase was published calling upon all the inhabitants of the western states to secede from the United to the Grecian church, and in consequence thereof Siemiazko, a bishop who had already gone over to the Grecian church, appeared in Miask, in the Brazilian con vent, in order to persuade the nuns to dp the same. All declared their confidence in the belief, and their fidelity to the Roman church, upon which they were excommunicated and ordered to leave the convent. A company of soldiers received them at the gate, and led them away in their morning dresses which they had on. Before their depar- j iure one of the eldest of the sisters died during the j morning prayers. During the journey, which was ] performed on foot, the nuns were linked together, two and two, in chains, and were only allowed a short rest at noon and night in huts, sleeping upon the bare earth. Where the people assembled on the road, they were thrust back by the soldiers with the buttends of their muskets. At the end ofj six d ys, the exiles stopped io a convent of Russian | Cznernici, nuns clothed in black, mostly the widows of cossacks who had fallen in battle. They found there fourteen sisters of the same order fron Wite psk, who, adjudged to the same fate, were obliged to perform the mo«t menial services for the Czer nici. One of the nuns struck a Czernici in the eye with a burning log of wood and she died the next day. Another fell under a load of wood she was carrying, and died from the fall. Two others died from starvation. Siemiaszko visited them heri* end tried again to persuade them to join the G ec an church, and, seeing that his words had no effect upon them, exclaimed, ** You alone are to blame for your miserable situation. You deserve such treatment; it is God who punished you." Two years had been 6pent iv this manner in Wite psk, when the thirty nuns from Miask, with thir teen from Witepsk w?re transposed on foot to Polock. Three weasts from Potock is Spos. the seat of Archbishop Lozijuski, formerly a new pa lace for the Archbishop. While at this work a pailfull of lime fell on the head of one, and killed her on the spot; four others through the falling of part of a wall, were thrown from the scaffold on which they were standing, and were crushed to death; as well as three more who were standing beneath it. Five others were suffocated while dig ging for ciay, by the earth falling in. Besides this, the sisters were made to break a certain quantify of stones every day, but no hammers were given them to do it with, and they were obliged to use other large 6toncs. When it was found that tbese tor- i tures did not shake their constancy, others means j were tried. Ihe diakoneu (who we suppose are a kind of male menials) were sent amongst them j with the most abominable of purposes, but not one of the sisters gave way, though several had their hands, cheeks, and faces bitten most severely. One i of them swelled up from a bite in the arm, anl died within a week, as did another who had been bitten i through the nose. Siemiaszko came during this! period several times, although threatening heavier puutshmeut for their pertiuacity. At last he de termined to make the in recant by means of the bas tinado. He ordered that each should receive thirty cuts every Wednesday and Friday, and bis deputy, Michailowicz, of his own accord added twenty, so that each sisier received fifty. On the day ol punishment the beating of a drum summoned them all to assemble. When they were all to gether, MichajlowLz read the decree, led the nuns into a buildiug that stood near, called the riding house, where, in the presence of several priests, i monks and choristers, the punishment was inflicted j by a dialmnus. As Rosalia Zaltocks (70 years old) was being punished for the 6econd time,' she gave up the ghost. The news of this most cruel con duct towards the nuns created great excitement io the neighbourhood. Old General Magdynkow, who was in Potock heard of it, came to Micha jlowicz, just 86 the punishment was about to be carried into effect for the third time, tore the paper out of his hand, and exclaimed, " I will have you hanged : the Emperor will say that the old man has gone mad, but you shall be hanged." This re presentation prevented Michjlowicz from repeating the bastinado. Meanwhile, he commenced other and more horrible punishments. Three days the j nuns received nothing more to eat and drink than '• half a herring, just as it was taken out of the bar- ■ rel, and a sentinel was set purposely to prevent '■ anything to drink being given them. At the same time be tried to frighten them into a recantation through fear of death by fire. Heaps of dry bushes were gathered together, and men with tore! es burning being placed beside them, the nuns were led out, aud told die heaps were to be their death bees ; none of them, however, were at all fright ened, on the contrary, they all declared thrir wil linguess to die, if it were only to put an end to their torture. Now that these moans all failed, Sieniiasko ordered the nuns to be driven with sticks to the Cerkiew; the diakonen drove the sisters out of the convent with sticks, beating them most unmerci fully. The principal, who has related the sufferings of herself an J sisters, received two deep wounds on the head, one of which was so deep that from want of surgical assistance worms were created iv it; it remaiued open a very long time, and left a deep scar. Siemiaszko, clothed with his cross and order, and surrounded by bis clergy, stood before the Cerkiew, ann witnessed the driving up of the uuns. One of them seized an axe belonging to a carpenter employed iv building a coach-house for the archbishop, and going up to Siemiaszko, said '* There, take the axe, hew off our heads, and throw them into the Cerkiew, for we will never cross the threshold alive." Siemaszko with one hand knocked the axe out of her hand; it fell upon the foot of one of the nuns, and inflicted a severe wound; and with the other be gave her a severe blow in the face, that broke one of her teeth. At last seeing that all his exhortations and punishments were thrown away, ac ordered them to be carried back to the convaut, aud, going into the pulpit in the Cer kiew, publicly cursed them. In the midst of all this hard labour the poor nuns often suffered severely from hunger, but beggars sometim ;s brought them secretly a piece of bread ; and some of the richer inhabitants on the other side of the Duna also sent food and small sums of money, bat were first obliged to bribe the Czernici very heavily in order to get permission to introJuce them into the con. vent. It happened, however, in the spring that, from the breaking up of the ice, the Duna was im passable, and no food or clothing of any kind could be transmitted across. During this time the nuns suffered dreadfully from hunger and very serious ilfaess. Two years and three months had passed during the stay of the nuns in Spos, when in conse quence of the assistance afforded them by persons in the neighbourhood, it was thought necessary to remove the nuns to another place. In the govern ment of Minsk, in the department Willis, there is a small town called Niadsiasky, situated on a small isthmus between two large lakes. Formerly it be longed to the family of Huimniekis, but now it be longs to the Emperor. Many years ago there was also a church and a convent of the Carmelites here, renowned for the wonders performed there, and was visited by numerous pilgrim*. Now the place is al most deserted, being only inhabited by a few Jews; the church is changed into a Cerkiew, and the con- i vent is inhabited by Czernici (black nuns). The | nuns were brought here, and very soon afterwards Michajlowicz arrived. They were bundled into a! workshop in the convent, and made to perform all \ \ sorts of menial services. Amongst other things they . were made to remove the fallen ruins of the old con- | vent also, and to build a kitchen for Michajlowicz.. The position of the place between the two lakes put fresh means of torture into the hands of the Prototop. He divided the nuns into four divisions, placed them on different sides of the lake, accompanied by several priests, who went from one division to the other, try ing to persuade them to recant, by telling them that the division that they had just left had returned to the hue belief, and exhorting them to do the same. Finding, however, that these misrepresentations failed in effecting1 their purpose, they resorted to the expedient of swimming them in the lake. For this purpose each of them was put into a sort of sack, and a rope was fastened round their necks. The end of the rope was held by the diakonen^ who rowed away in a boat, and pulled the nuns iv the water up to their necks, then threatened to drown them if they did not go over to the only true religion. Michajlowicz stood on the bank, crying out continu ally, " Drown them like puppies !*' When at last I they were allowed to get out of the water, they were j driven to their work dripping wet as they were. This swimming was repeated three times In the presence of a large number of persons who had assembled on the banks of the lake. On the last occasion three of the sisters were drowned. Their bodies were buried on the shore: but on one of the inhabitants of the neighbouring town going in the night, to dig them up, in order to bury them in the sacred ground, he found they were no longer there. What was done with them nobody knows. The keeper of the keys of Niadziasky, whose name was Zaborowaki, was re moved from his office, and imprisoned for telling, in a letter, the truth on these matters, and it is believed that he was murdered. Waukoricz, formerly at the head of the government of Minsk, was called to Siberia, for making some remarks on this disgrace mi affair. The Prototop found an end worthy of himself in Niadziasky. He was given to drinking, and one day, being very drunk, he fell into a large hole, and sank Iso deep in the mud that he was suffocated. It was fortunate that this event happened in the day time, and was witnessed by several persons, or else there j can be no doubt that his death would have been attri buted to the poor nuns, and they would have had new j miseries and tortures- After being two years in Niad ziasky, seven of the nuns succeeded in making their escape on the occasion of a great feast in honour of i the arrival of Siemiasko. A similar occasion afforded an opportunity for the escape of four others. In the mouth of March in the following year, on the birth day of the Prototcp, the priests, the watch, indeed | every person in the place, got so drunk that the principal of the Brazilians, with three others, escaped ' from the convent; unacquainted with the neighbour hood, and not knowing which way to turn, they travelled a distance of forty miles the first' day and thirty-seven on the second, keeping themselves con ! coaled as much as possible in the woods, where they ! also passed the nights, though much alarmed Ijj- the I howling of the wolves. They then separated, ap j pointing Kroze, a town in Samegitra. as their rendez vous. The principal, however was tlie only one that reached it. She has forgotten the names of several of the towns through which she passed, and in which assistance was afforded her, and feels herself obliged to conceal the others through fear that the kindness shown her may be visited with severe punishment. This account was given in Posen in July last, by ' Julia (colled Makryna in the convent) Nieecystaska, i I principal of the convent of the Brazilians in Miask. She is sixty-eight years old, and has been thirty-six years in the order. 