LOCAL. DEATH FROM VIOLENCE—A WOMAN KILLED BY HER HUSBAND. An unfortunate occurrence took place in the neighbourhood of Avoca on Christmass day, which has produced a great sensation in that part of the country. A man named Ed- ward Brown, with his wife, went to spend their Christmas at the house of a Mr. Freeman, at Staines' Corner. The parties commenced drinking wine early in the morning, and by dinner time, it seems, they were all far advanced in liquor. Shortly afterwards Brown wanted to go to Avoca, and requested his wife to hand him a cheque for £5, which she had in her possession, and which she objected to part with. At length Brown and his wife went out into the yard together, where an altercation look place between them, and she was in a short time afterwards found dead. An inquest was held on view of the body on Saturday, at the house of Mr. R. L. Foster, (the Union Inn), Avoca, be- fore F. H. Henslowe, Esq., Coroner, and an intelligent jury, when the above facts were proved in evidence. W. Valentine, Esq., Surgeon, having made a post mortem examination, deposed to the appearances on the body, and gave it as his opinion that the deceased must have received a hard blow from a blunt instrument on the top of her head, which caused the rupture of a blood vessel and produced instant death. The Coroner summed up the evidence very minutely, and the jury, after a patient investigation of the case, returned a verdict of—"Manslaughter" against Edward Brown, the husband; a warrant for whose apprehension was imme- diately issued by the Coroner, and the unhappy man has been since conveyed to the gaol at Launceston to await his trial at the ensuing Sessions of the Supreme Court. RACING STUD.—An important sale of high-mettled Racers, the property of a celebrated patron of the turf, is advertised to take place without reserve, at Chitty's yard, on the 6th February, by Mr. Weedon. SWAN RIVER.—We have a file of papers from this place to the 12th Nov. last, from which we shall glean for our next publication. A PITIFUL STORY.—Not long since a man named "Burton," entered the Police-office, and complained to the magistrate that his house bad been broken open by the constables, who had also cruelly beaten and ill-used his poor dog. He wished to know, whether, in a community of Englishmen, it was to be tolerated that a man could not sleep in his bed, without having his slumbers disturbed, and his rest broken in upon, by the very individuals who were paid to protect him from molestation. The consta- bulary being of course called upon for explanation, it was very amply afforded, by Messrs. Midgeley and Ecott. They both stated that, on the night in question, the husband of a certain female, (a prisoner of the Crown) complained to them that his wife was constantly harboured in the house of this same "Burton." He, complainant, had as he alleged every reason to believe that she was at that moment se- creted on his premises. Under these circumstances, two constables were despatched to the residence of "Burton" with orders to bring the woman to the watch house. Hav- ing knocked at the door, and stated their business, "Bur- ton" answered from within that "he would not open the door to the ——Governor;" the next moment they were attacked by a ferocious dog, chained under the window, in such manner, as to completely command the door. They were of course compelled to beat him in self defence, and this was the whole foundation he had for his complaint. The magistrate after listening to this explanation, informed "Burton," that if he possessed any means of invalidating its truth, he had better go into the next office and lay his information, and if not, silence would be his greatest wisdom. TITLE PAGE AND INDEX.—With this number we issue a Title page and Index of the contents of the Cornwall Chronicle, from the 16th July to the 31st December, of the past year; this we purpose to repeat at the expiration of every half year, when the number of pages will amount to upwards of five hundred, and form a volume, sufficiently large for binding. As a remitter of passing occurrences, and an unassuming, yet uncompromising supporter of those local interests, which are necessary to the success and hap- piness of the public at large—we trust without meriting the charge of presumption, we may recommend the record of our humble labors to our supporters, as deserving the book- binders' cost for putting them into form,—and that our subscribers will preserve future issues of the newspaper, for binding as often as they are furnished with the Title page and Index. MUSIC LICENSES.—We understand an application is in- tended to be made at the Quarter Sessions on Monday, by Mr. R. Radford, for permission to give musical entertain- ments in his new room at the "Horse and Jockey"—in York-street. We are not aware of the views of the Jus- tices on the subject of music licences, but we think that a more rational description of amusement than that proposed can hardly be sanctioned by the "powers that be," sup- posing that sufficient care be taken to prevent improper persons from attending. There is a growing feeling in England, favorable to extending the people's rational amusements as a means of preventing vicious associations and of humanizing the mind; and all the objections of certain classes of persons to theatres, races, and other sports, have not hindered the progress of music and dancing, amongst the lower and middle classes of society. Many distinguished magistrates, who have given attention to the subject, and have witnessed the beneficial influence of mu- sic and dancing in all parts of the continent, have inter- ested themselves in assimulating the amusements of the English to those of the French, Germans &c.;, hence the increase of licenses for dramatic representations, musical performances, &c.;, in the cities and towns; and which when suitably managed have a tendency to repress vice, and answer the purpose of legitimate and harmless re- creation. AN AWKWARD BED CHAMBER.—On Thursday even- ing, about eleven o'clock, as a person was going along the George Town Road, it being very dark, he thought he observed some object on the road, and he passed and re- passed it, before he could make out what it was. On a further search, however, he discovered a man fast asleep, with a bundle under his head, and immediately attempted to arouse him, to acquaint him with his dangerous position. At length he succeeded in waking the sleeping beauty, al- though it was with difficulty he could make him sensible of his whereabouts, as he was in an evident state of intoxi- cation. He ultimately informed his deliverer that he had walked from Piper's River that afternoon, but feeling sleepy, had laid down in the road, as being conveniently wide enough for his bed, and he must have had two or three hour's sleep. Had any vehicle passed that way, the drowsy tra- veller would, in probability have been run over, and has- tened to "that bourn whence no traveller returns." DUCK HUNT.—During the past week, Mr. Wagstaff, of the Cataract basin, amused such of the inhabitants as thought proper to attend, with the exhibition of a "Duck Hunt." In addition to this, a poor cat, with her hinder parts fastened to a board, was set to navigate the waters of the "basin," closely followed in her expedition by a multi- tude of dogs. Having her fore-paws at liberty, (the weight of her body being supported by the board) "Grimalkin" showed fight in gallant style. Her assailants were ulti- mately compelled to relinquish the rencontre, and "puss" was triumphantly towed ashore, amid the plaudits of those who had just witnessed her truly heroic achievements. As a reward for her exertions, she was carried home, and suffered once more quietly to ensconce herself in her old position by the fire. HIGHWAY ROBBERY.—A few nights ago a poor man named Isaac Purpell, presented himself at the watch-house almost in a slate of nudity; and represented that he had been robbed of nearly the whole of his apparel, by two men whom he encountered, on the Pattersons Plains road. They did not however attempt to maltreat him, but contented themselves, with the booty taken from his person. The poor fellow had been wandering about in the dark, for two or three hours, afraid to venture into town, clad in so light and airy a manner. He had no knowledge whatever, of either of the miscreants. HOUSEBREAKING.—On Friday afternoon, (Dec. 26), the house of Mr. Joseph Chiswell, residing on the Sand-hill, was broken open during the absence of the family. On the return of one of its inmates, an accurate description, both of the person and apparel of the thief, was given him by two individuals residing next door. One of them, a man named Doherty, stated that Mr. Chiswell having, previous to his departure, desired him (the witness) to give an eye to his premises, he felt it his duty to be upon the alert. Hearing a noise from within, he hastened round to the rear of the house, and found the outer door broke open. In the parlour he saw a man, who but a short time ago resided in the neighbour- hood, and in whose person he could not consequently be mistaken, busily engaged in rummaging over the contents of a desk, out of which the bottom had previously been knocked. On demanding "What he was doing there," the thief replied, "Oh, not much; you have interrupted me too soon." Witness being armed with a club, desired him instantly to relinquish any booty he might hap- pen to have concealed about his person. The other however per- sisted in saying that he had obtained nothing, and witness (by searching him) having ascertained that his story was partially correct, suffered him to escape, telling him however, at the same time, that "he could identify him amongst a thousand men." The whole of this statement was corroborated in the presence of four witnesses by a woman with whom Doherty cohabits, and yet when called upon at the Police-office, and confronted with the individual whom they accused, they both swore positively that they had not seen him on the day in question! What serves to render the circumstance still more suspicious is, that Doherty, in the first instance, described the thief as having lost three or four fingers off his right hand, and it was entirely in consequence of the accuracy of this description that the prisoner (Bocock) was apprehended. One of the Magistrates remarked that "the woman," Martha Banks, was not to e believed upon her oath; nevertheless, under all the circumstances of the case, the prisoner must be discharged. THE OFFERTORY ST JOHN'S CHURCH.—The accounts of the Offertory Fund are published in this day's number. The receipts for the year (including the balance of 1844) amount to £227 3s. 6d. Of this sum £98 18s. 3d. was collected for the poor; £35 2s., the collections of each third Sunday for Education; and the remainder for special pur- poses. The special collections were thus appropriated, namely:—To the sufferers by the Mary £18 8s. 9d. To the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, £16 5s 9d., and to the fund for the Parochial and Sunday Schools, £30 The balance in hand to commence the new year with, is £26 7s. 10d. The appropriation of the Offertory Funds in St John's Church is somewhat satisfactory. MESSRS. ARCHDALE'S SCHOOL.—We are glad to hear such favorable accounts of this seminary, and have great pleasure in directing attention to Mr. Archdale's adver- tisement in another part of the paper. THE ALLEGED MURDER AT THE NILE.—We are happy to have it in our power to contradict the rumour of a murder having been committed on one of Mr. Glover's men. The poor fellow's death was purely the result of ac- cident. He had been drinking on Boxing Day, and being rather the worse for liquor he fell asleep near a large log that had been recently cut down. The men were in the act of removing the log, when unfortunately it slipped down, and could only be removed so as to extricate him by the aid of bullocks. When taken out he was nearly dead, and shortly afterwards breathed his last. A coroner's inquest has been held on view of the body, when the jury returned a verdict of "Accidental Death." The man and woman who were in custody have been discharged. RACES.—We are glad to find that a movement is about to be made respecting the ensuing races. A meeting is intended to be held on Monday week at the Launceston Hotel, to fix a time and make the necessary arrangements. A full attendance of those gentlemen who feel an interest in the business in desirable. THE PERSECUTION OF MR. PLUMMER.—Since the in- creased reward of fifty pounds was offered by Mr. Plummer six weeks ago, the annoyances he and his family received from "the ghost" were discontinued up to Tuesday week, when we understand an attempt was made to set fire to a stack of hay on the premises. Two probation men who were on the look out observed the "mysterious marauder" near, and saw him throw a lighted lucifer match at the stack and then decamp. They instantly called on the ghost to stop, but his ghost-ship only run the faster, whereupon one of the men fired off a pistol, which unfortunately flashed in the pan, and the incarnate fiend in the dress of a biped got off once more. ROBBERIES.—A few nights ago, three ruffians with their faces partially concealed by black handkerchiefs, pre- sented themselves at the hut of an individual well known as "Jemmy, the Washerman," and with many threats de- manded his money. One fellow, armed with a heavy bludgeon, stood sentry over the poor old man, whilst the other two ransacked the place. Their search for money, however, proved ineffectual—"Jemmy" having only the day before paid up a quarter's rent. Disappointed in this expectation, the ruffians next proceeded to pack up every little valuable they could lay their hands on, with which they finally decamped. The lonely situation of the house was no doubt the principal inducement to the perpetration of the outrage. A poor man residing on the Cataract Hill, was on Box- ing-day, plundered of a variety of wearing apparel, and other articles, by some prowling vagabond, during his tem- porary absence. He had, it seems, left home for the pur- pose of witnessing the teetotal procession, and on his re- turn, found that his house had been forcibly entered, and almost every moveable article abstracted. It would be greatly to the advantage of this remote neighbourhood, if it were occasionally visited by the detective force; the very knowledge of the fact would, no doubt, tend in a great measure to deter marauders. New Zealand.—We are obligingly favored with Nelson papers to the 6th ultimo, by the Osprey to Hobart Town, from which we shall furnish a few extracts in our next. A private letter received from an officer of the 96th, states that every thing has been amicably arranged between Governor Grey and Honi Heki, and that perfect confidence in the measures of the new Governor will succeed the late dissatis- faction and distress. 