EARL GREY. We last week announced the death fo the venerable Earl Grey ; we this week give an outline of his life. Descended from a very ancient Northumbrian family of knightly rank, Earl Grey's father was the second son of his generation, and had entered early in life into the army. He was much dis- tinguished during the American war ; and, upon the breaking out of hostilities with the French Republic, he was appointed to the command of the land forces which were sent, in conjunction with the naval arma- ment under the command of Lord St. Vincent, to reduce the West India Islands. After his return he received the command of the southern district in England ; was sworn in a Privy Councillor, and elevated to the peerage by the title of Baron Grey de Howick. His lordship was advanced to a vis- county and earldom on the 11th April, 1806, by the title of Earl Grey and Viscount Howick. He married Elizabeth, daughter of George Grey, Esq., of Southwick, by whom he had seven children, and he died on the 14th November, 1807. Lord Grey's character has been before the world longer than that of any other public man. If thc question be asked, - who were his colleagues in office with whom he was accustomed to act, or against whom was his opposition directed ? \- we might find at one extremity of the list the names of Pitt, Burke, Wyndham, or Fox ; at the other may be seen those of Lord Stanley, Sir James Graham, or Sir Robert Peel. Amongst the many remark- able peculiarities which distinguish the ca- reer of Lord Grey, not only from all other ministers, but from most other men, is its extraordinary duration. He began life about the commencement of the American war ; lived through the whole of that me- morable conflict ; gave his sanction to the early proceedings of the French Revolution- ists ; opposed the war against republican France; lived to see that war brought to a successful issue by England; took a leading part in the defence of Queen Caroline ; sup- ported the emancipation of the Roman Catho- lics; became Prime Minister; carried the Re- form Bill ;-and retired. He was born at Falloden, near Alnwick, in Northumberland, on the 13th of March, 1764. He went to Eton, and was in the same class with Mr. Whitbread. From Eton he was transferred to King's College, Cambridge, while yet under the age of sixteen ; and he left the University before he reached his nineteenth year, with the view of making what was then called 'the grand tour.' This he contrived to complete in less than two years, though he visited France, Spain, and Italy. He came home to stand the chances of a Parlia- mentary contest ; and, although then only twenty years of age, he was returned for the county of Northumberland. The first oc- casion upon which he addressed the House of Commons was for the purpose of oppo- sing Mr. Pitt's well-known treaty of com- merce with France. Thc most memorable event in the early part of his career was, however, the agitation of Parliamentary re- form. On the 30th of April, 1792 he brought forward his motion on the subject of Parliamentary reform, the principal pe- tition in favour of it having proceeded from the society called "The Friends of thc People," the proceedings of which associa- tion had already very seriously alarmed the Government. Upon this and other peti- tions he founded a motion for a committee of inquiry, which was opposed by Pitt, Jen- kinson, Wyndham, and Burke; the num- bers on a division being 282 to 41. From this time forward we find him doing the usual business of opposition. In 1806 the father of Mr. Grey becoming an Earl, that gentleman assumed the title of Lord Howick. On the death of Mr. Pitt the Tory party found it necessary for a few months to withdraw from the conduct of public affairs ; and an Administration was formed in which Lord Howick filled the post of First Lord of the Admiralty, the leadership of the House of Commons de- volving on Mr. Fox, who held the seals of the Foreign office. In a few months after his accession to power, the earthly career of Mr. Fox was unexpectedly brought to a close, and Lord Howick became the Foreign Secretary. The Whig Ministry of this pe- riod was not destined to be of very long duration. The views which they took of the penal laws affecting the Roman Catholics were quite sufficient to ensure their downfall at the earliest moment that the King could possibly dispense with their services. It took place ; the Portland Ministry wna formed, and for twenty-three years after- wards Lord Grey remained in Opposition. He ceased to be a Minister on the 25 th of March, 1807; on the 14th of November in the same year he succeeded to his father's honours, and took his seat in the House of Peers, having been for nearly twenty years a distinguished member of the House of Com- mons. The narrative of his public career may in this place be for n moment interrup- ted for the purpose of stating some of a very few particulars respecting his private life. The late Earl Grey (being then Charles Grey, Esq.) was married on the 18th of November, 1794, to Mary Elizabeth, only daughter of the Right Hon. William Brabazon Ponsonby, afterwards first Lord Ponsonby. Her ladyship still survives, and the issue of their marriage amounted to no fewer than sixteen children, of whom six were daughters, and ten sons. Two of Lord Grey's sons are in the army, two in the navy, two in the Church, and two (in- cluding the present Earl) not engaged in any profession. Four of his daughters are living and eight of his sons ; of the latter only four are married ; of the former, four also were married, but the eldest of these was the late Countess Dowager of Durham; the youngest of his children is now six-and twenty years of age. Surrounded by this almost patriarchal family, Lord Grey at- tained to a degree of domestic happiness which does not always fall to the lot of public men; and the friends who had the good fortune to enjoy his intimate acquain- tance cordially acknowledge the many pri- vate virtues which adorned his character. As happens to all men who live to a great age, he survived the companions of his youth ; this, however, is the common lot of humanity, though it is not equally common to meet a man who, like Lord Grey, pos- sessed in old age that art of making new friends, which is generally believed to be in a great degree confined to the earlier pe- riods of our existence. Immediately on the death of Mr. Perceval, Lord Liverpool made an attempt to form a Cabinet ; this failing, the next attempt made by the Re- gent was to send for Lord Wellesley, who opened with Mr. Canning and others a se- ries of lengthened negociations. Pending these, the House of Commons came to a resolution to address the Regent, pray- ing that he would form an effici- ent Government ; and it was generally sup- posed, from the tone of the dissensions which took place on thnt occasion, that the House of Commons were not unfavour- able to the formation of a Ministry ; upon principles of moderate Liberalism. Neither the Whigs on the one hand, nor Lord Liverpool's friends on the other, would consent to act under the Premiership of the Marquis Wellesley. The then Mar- quis of Hastings (Lord Moris) was next entrusted with authority to attempt the for- mation of a Cabinet, and from his known coincidence of sentiment with the Grey and Grenville party, it was thought that every obstacle to their acceptance of office would be removed ; but these noble lords, not con- tent with the concession to them of full political power, demanded dismissals from the royal household to an extent which had never before, under similar circum- stances, been required. His Royal High- ness was, therefore, obliged once more to have recourse to the colleagues of Mr. Perceval. These negotiations began in May, and the month of June was far spent before Lord Liverpool found him- self authorised to announce to Parliament that he had formed a Cabinet. This Minis- try lasted for fifteen years, and during the whole of that period Lord Grey offered to the greater part of its measures the most strenuous resistance. In 1818 Lord Sid- mouth issued his memorable circular address- ed to lords-lieutenants of counties, inform- ing them that the law officers of the Crown were of opinion that magistrates possessed the power of holding to bail persons found selling writings which were deemed, though not by a legal adjudication decided to be, seditious or blasphemous libels. The circu- lar requested each lord-lieutenant to notify his opinion to the magistrates within their respective counties. This was a golden op- portunity for a man liko Lord Grey ; the circular had been principally directed against his friends, the Reformers; he was an ac- complished rhetorician ; he quite luxuriated when called upon to deal with any question of constitutional law, and, of course, it was alike, agreeable to his feelings and interest to place his ancient enemies in the wrong. In the attempt to do this he was quita suc- cessful, and the fact that the circular was never acted on may in part be attributed to his exertions. The next memorable pro- ceeding in which Lord Grey took any very active share was the Bill of Pains and Penal- ties against Queen Caroline, the consort of George IV. Through every stage of the extraordinary conflict to which it gave rise Earl Grey stood forth as the champion of that unhappy princess, debating questions of law, and cross-examining witnesses with a skill approaching that of a professional ad- vocate; - one moment launching denuncia- tions against the King ; another, more than hinting at an impeachment of the Ministers; \- sometimes leading the arguments of coun- sel, often backing them up with authorities and precedents; - no weapons were more bright and keen in that well-fought field, no spirit more undaunted, none whose blows fell upon the foe with more deadly execution than did those of the man who has just de- parted from amongst us. In the period which elapsed between this great event and the dissolution of the Liverpool Ministry few occurrences seemed to call for the in- terference of Lord Grey. At length, the Ministry, which had continued since the death of Mr. Perceval, gave up the ghost when it lost its head, and the King sent for Mr. Canning. The Duke of Wellington, Lord Eldon, Sir R. Peel, and the rest of the higher Tories threw up office; it therefore became necessary to make overtures to the Whigs. But Lord Grey was impracticable. It is difficult to imagine that he was in- fluenced by any other motives than these : Mr. Canning, though disposed to Roman Catholic relief, to freedom of trade, and to a liberal foreign policy, was deeply pledged nçainst Parliamentary reform ; and the pub- lic, though pretty well accustomed to politi- cal tergiversation, would be scarcely prepared for a coalition between the most redoubted champion of reform and the man who often exerted his unrivalled eloquence to make the House rally round Gatton, Old Sarum, and Hazlemere. But, assuming that these diffi- culties could have been surmounted, there were personal considerations which rendered the prospect of a coalition hopeless. Lord Grey had by that time attained a station in the political world which, according to his own judgment at least, entitled him to reject any subordinate situation in the Cabinet ; Mr. Canning already held the chief office, and had been commissioned to form a Minis- try. The short-lived Government which that gentleman was enabled to organize did not, therefore, enjoy the support of Lord Grey. The accession of William IV., the declaration of the Duke of Wellington against Parliamentary reform, the unsettled state of England, the revolution of July, and the oft-repeated complaints against rotten boroughs, and aristocratic influence, led to a demand so general and so peremptory for a change in the representation of the people that Lord Grey was enabled to place him- self at the head of a Ministry pledged to "reform, to retrenchment, to non-inter- ference." In his administration the Reform Bill was carried; so likewise were the New Poor Law, the Emancipation of the Negroes and Free Trade with India. On the 22nd of November 1830, he kissed hands as First Lord of the Treasury, and on the 9th of July, 1834, he finally withdrew from the service of the Crown. For one or two years after he ceased to be Minister, Lord Grey occa- sionally attended the Mouse of Lords; but about ten years ago it became evi- dent to his friends, and but too mani- fest to the world, that the time had arrived when he ought to seek a repose suited to his advanced years, and cultivate those oppor- tunities for reflection which the close of life so urgently demands. In his old age he had the affectionate veneration of a numerous family and a wide circle of friends; his latter years were not embittered by much bodily pain or marked by any great diminu- tion of intellectual power; and at an age exceeding fourscore he sank into the grave, having survived long enough to feel that his reputation was beginning to fade, and the events of his life to become matters of history. The proximate cause of his lordship's death was an attack of paralysis ; but for some time past his health had been visibly declining ; the greater portion of his nu- merous family were therefore in attendance at the moment of his decease ; and it will be a melancholy satisfaction to his friends to learn that he quitted this life with as little of corporeal suffering as could reasonably be expected to accompany the last struggle that human nature is called upon to endure.- Atlas. 