TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. LECTURE. SIR,-The columns of your papers of late have been greatly taken up with a pretended expo. sition and refutation of the doctrines of the Holy Catholic Church, under the denunciative title of " Chcistianity compared with Popery." As all ca?tiolles disclaim the latter railing appellation, we might on this ground alone quietly let the whole descend to the "tomb of all the Capulets" without notice; but lest the "unlearned or un stable" sliolld deem Mr. Eggieston's statements incapable of refutation, it may do no harm to take a passing notice of some of them. Even in this short tlnie the attack has produced great good to the cause of truth, in having led numbers to enquire for themselves" whether these things werc so," and has created such a demand for. " Bishop Milner'sEnd of Religious Controversy," that at this moment nbt a co ?~' of this excellent work remains unsold. The title" of these mierepresentations should, I hope, ~Ihia every right thinking man, at once stamp the uni'cristian temper ofthe writer, , Christianity compared twith Popery I/ / " thus at once denouncing millions upon millions ofcatholics in every stage of the Christlan era, as not being Christians. A religion, which at this time, embraces within Its haipy fold, one.third of his fellow snljects in Great Britain, and the great m.ajority of the rest of the Christian world; and which despite of the cruellest code of laws, which ever were inflicted on any body of men for a con tinuance (some of which yet disgrace the statute book of England, and still find supporters in AMr. Eggleston's sect, and in some few members of both Houses of Parliament) has Increased, and is in creasing, even in the strong holds of Protestantism. Mr. Eggleston's'oft ref(ited statements, will not at this enquiring age, he believed on his mere ipse dixit, even in Van Diemen's Land. The fact known to all, that at the present. day, men, most learned, most pious, most exemplary, ministers of the church established by law in England, are daily " leaving all things tofollow Christ," throwing up their thousands per annum, and all their hopes of earthly interestt to embrace the Catholic Faith, is at once a refutation of Mr. Eggleston's statement, and a proof that the rugged bnug- bear, he has painted and nicknamed "Popery," and pelted with pickings from the mund and garbage, which forages has been flung upon Catholicism by its enemies-is not the idol for which the high-born, but humble minded Spencer; the learned and dis interested Newoman; the pions and eloquent Faber; and their numerous associates have forsaken the Protestantism which they imbibed wills their mother's milk. And strong indeed, must Ibe the faith, and overwhelming the convictions which. could compel this noble band, to abandon all their inbred prejudices, and all that men esteem in this world, for the "pearl of great price," and " great," says the word of truth, " will be the reward." If Mr. Eggleston had not been content to eull his state ments and quotations out of some of the "! Reading made easyp' Compilations of Protestant Contro versy ; but sought the information Ie is so deficient of, in its pure source, he would not havecommltted so many absurd blunders (for in charity I will not accuse him of intentional misrepresentation). To dissect them all in the columns of g newspaper would be endless, and those who are sincerely desirous of being enlightened on the subject, may find in the noble pages of " Milner's End of Religious Controversy," the majority of them ably and calmly answered. I will, however, select one statement (ex uno disce omnes) as a sample of the whole, by which the general character of Mr. Eggleston's compilation may be tested;more par ticularly as the works to which I refer, and which she could easily have had access to, are sutch asare in common use among catholics. In speaking ofthe Catholic SacramentofExtreme Unction, lie states-" It has no design for the restoration of the body. It is not administered utntil all hopes yf recovery are gone." In the catechism of the Council of Trent, translated by a late Professor of Maynooth, tihe Rev. J. Donovan, now residing in Rome, as one of Pope Gregory tie XVI. chaplains, I find in page 300, as follows:-" He (tihe priest) will earnestly exhort the sick person, to receive this sacrament with the same sentiments of faith which animated the primitive Chrlstians, wlho presented themselves to the Apostles to be healed by them. "lhe health of the soul is to be the first object of the sick man's prayers, the second that of the body, should it tend to his eternal interests." And in page 303, I find - "Finally, the recovery of health, if advantageons to the sick person, is another effect of this sacrament." Again, I find amongst tihe prayers used in tlie administration of this consoling sacrament "0O Lord God, who hast said by thy apostle James,' Is there any one sick among you, let him bring in the. priests of the Church, and let tham pray over him, annointing him with oil in the name of the Lord;, and the prayer of faith shall save thesick .nan, and.the Lord shall raise him; and if he be in sins they shall be forgiven him;' heal, we beseech.thee, O our Redeemer, by the grace of tihe Holy Ghost, the maladies of this.sick man, cure his wounds, and forgive him his sins ; drive away from him all pains of mind and body, and mercifully restore unto him perfect health both as to the interior and exterior ; that being recovered by thy mercy, he may return to his former duties; who, with the thefather and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth one God, for ever and ever.-Amen. " Look down, we beseech thee, O'Lord, on thy servant fainting under the infirmity of the body, and refresh a soul which thou bast created ; that he, being improved by thy chastisements, may be saved by thy medicine ; through Christ our Lord. -Amen. " 0 Holy Lord, Almighty Father, everlasting .God, who, by imparting the grace of thy benedic tion ino sick bodies, preservest, according to the multitude of thy mercies, the work of thy hands favourably attend to the invocation of thy name, and delivering thy servant from his illness and restoring him to health, raise him up by thy right hand, strengthen him by thy virtue, defend him by thy power, and restore him with all desired pros perity to thy Holy Church s through Jesus Clrist our Lord."-Amen. In" Gloveron the Sacraments," (a band-book amongst catholics) p. 74, I find-" In unison with these Ideas, we have always been taught, that one of the effects of Extreme Unction Is, to restore the ,sick man to bodily health, If his recovery should be to his spiritual advantage. The prayers of the Church express this. In the "Poor Man's Catechisa " it is asked, "What are Its (i. e. Extreme Unction) effects ?" Answer--"It com forts thd soul in her last agony against despair, remits sins, and restores health, if it be expedient." I might multiply quotations without end, from our books of instruction, for thus all catholics are taught, despite of Mr. Eggleston's assertion to the contrary. Having thus convicted Mr. Eggle ston of gross ignorance, to say the least of it, on a subject on which he has pretended to teach others, and which he has moreover deliberately committed to paper, and published, or allowed to be published, without amendment; I might at once appeal to all those, who read his statements, whether they may not feel some conscientious doubt, either as to. his honesty or capacity as a teacher; and whether the same defects may not fa?irly be ex pected to pervade the whole compilation. But I will not confine my charge to Mr. Eggleston, but extend it to the whole of those religions teachers with whom he has acted, before whom lie preached, and not one of whom has stepped forward to correct him. If then, these are the guides to whom that portion of the people of Launceston, &c.;, usually denominated dissenters are to be led, may I not fairly say, in tihe language of Him who commanded us" not to bear false witness against our neighbour," "If the blind lead the blind shall not both /all into the pit." A consummation I devoutly pray may lie averted. And that God in his mercy will enlighten their minds, remove from them all the prejudices of their education, and bring them " into the one fold of the one shepherd," the'Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, is the fervent and humble prayer of an ENGLxSH (ATIIOLIC. 