THE TURRET-CLOCK. In the land of pine-forests, charcoal-burners, diablerie, and metaphysics, flourished Baron Von Schwagger. A redoubtable personage was the baron, as fierce, grim, and mysterious as all the dramatis persona of Der Freyschutz put together. He uvea tn a black forest (of course) ; in a gloomy old castle (equally of course), the ruins of which, by the way, are gener ally much admired by Cockneys going up the Rhine. The walls of this castle were very thick, being typical of the baron's skull ; and the water in the moat was very muddy, being typical of the baron's brains. He cultivated huge mustachios, and ensconced his nether extremities in a couple of vast leathern buckets, which were supposed by the well-informed to have been constructed upon the model of the seven-leagued boots of a still more remote antiquity. All day long the baron hunted boars in the woods, and the major part of the night he spent in listening to songs celebratiug his own exploits, chanted by divers disinterested gleemen whom he maintained for the pur pose; and in quaffing, at marvellous short intervals, huge draughts of Rhenish. This course of existence, was, however, somewhat monotonous ; so the baron varied it by the elegant and amusing recreation of burning down the castles of sundry weaker barons, and tranferring their treasures (when they had any) to his own, thus pleasingly illustrating the philosophical dogma, that right is constituted by might. Now and then, also, the baron, in the exercise of the duties of hospitality, gave every rich burgher whom he could lay his hands on a very pressing invitation to his castle, — that is, to the underground part of it ; and if he did receive from such persons, in return for his delicate attentions, certain heaps of filthy lucre, every body knows that fair exchange is no robbery, and that even a fortnight of darkness and bread and water ought to be honestly and accurately paid for. The baron's castle was strong, his domains broad, and he entertnined a company of sturdy men-at-arms for the protection of both. Hard-drinking, hard-fighting, desperadoes, they were ripe for all sorts ol enterprises, from stealing fowls from their roosts to carrying off nuns from their cells ; and quite ready to slit any man's windpipe who should dare to utter a sentence derogatory to the dignity and the grandeur of the Baron von Schwagger. And truly, there was considerably more weight in the living arguments by which the baron could back his claims to the castle and lands of Schwaggerberger than there was in the said claims themselves. Dark rumours were circulated of the ways and means by which the baron had stepped into his possession and his power. Dread and fearful stories were whispered over the winter hearth of the mysterious disappearance, when an infant, of a certain Rudolph Wolfstein, who, had he lived to manhood, would have been the rightful baron. Honest men accordingly shook their heads when the subject was mentioned ; but as there was very few of that species of humanity located in the neighbourhood, the baron had little to apprehend from them : indeed, he had made a striking example of more than one propagator of the scandal we have alluded to, having walked them over the battlements of the castle, whence they would inevitahly have fallen a tremendous height to the ground, had not .ropes been considerately placed round their necks, which polite attention happily averted the catastrophe in question. Among most of his neighbours, however — that isr amongst those he never plundered, because they had nothing to lose— the baron was on the whole a popular man. His beer was strong ; his sack, and canary, and Rhenish of full body and, fine flavour. The presiding deities of the buttery hatch were liberal in their distribution, and all the knaves and varlets (as it was the polite fashion of the middle ages to dub gentlemen of the humbler classess) in the vicinity were quite ready to swear by the Baron Von Schwagger. Now the baron had one fair daughter, Christine; a lovely creature was she in person, and pure and gentle in mind. She sprung from the baron as a tender sapling from a gnarled old trunk, green, and fresh, and beautiful. She moved like a spirit of light amid the forbidding gloom of the massive old castle, stilling by her presence, as by a spell, the coarse words and ribald jokes of her lather's retainers, who bent their iron- bound heads and made uncouth obeisance when she glided into the hall. The swallows who built under the " juttyfrieze" of the windows of her " bower" (as they called a damsel's bed chamber in the middle ages) would feed all confidently from her hand ; and even the blood-hounds, chained in the court, whined as she passed, and wistfully fawned upon her. Abroad she seemed the sweetest blossoms in the wood, and at home the fairest ornament of the hall. Low and silvery were the tones of her voice, as distant bells ; and when she sung, her notes rung clearer than those of the harp she touched. On the day on which Christine attained her eighteenth' year the baron gave a mighty feast in honor of the event, having plundered a neighbouring potentate in order to furnish the wherewithal. Banquets in the baronial halls of the middle ages have been described, so often that we will not tarnish the laurels of Sir Walter Scott by repeating the delineation. Every one knows that they contained a vast store of the elements of the picturesque ; lofty arched roofs ; dark- stained oak carved into fantastic shapes ; armour ; swords ; battle-axes ; hunting-spears glancing in the flickering light of the torches ; the dais of the hall : antique salt-cellars on the tables ; the rush-strewn floor : the guests so fierce and warlike ; the mustachois, daggers, doublets, and embroidered cloaks of knights and squires ; dark cowls of monks ; sober jerkins of burghers ; flaunting garbs of minstrels; party-coloured vestments of jesters; serfs with iron collars ; seneschals and sewers with white-tipped wands ; great venison pasties ; flasks of malvoisie and sack ; grim-looking boars' heads ; and huge bloodhounds, skulking round the hall, scenting the game on the table which they had pulled down in the forest. Such are the raw materials, which, when properly put together, would constitute a picturesque description of the feast of the Baron von Schwagger. Very early in the evening, Christine, in whose honour this vast collection of eatables and potables, — friars to bless them, and men of all degrees to demolish them, had been made, re tired to her bower ; and her venerable papa and his " goodlv companie" set to, in modern phrase, to " make a night of it." Never was there such a desperate consumption of sack, and canary, and Rhenish, and strong ale, and eke strong waters, known within the walls of Castle Schwaggerberger ; and that, as the seneschal remarked, was saying a good deal. The drain upon the cellar was truly awful ; flasks, stoups, and every avail able utensil in the castle was put in requisition to contain the floods of good liquor which the baron's guests seemed never to tire of quaffing to the lasting honour and glory of the renowned family of the Von Schwaggers ; and if all the toasts whieh were drunk expressive of the intense solicitude of the drinkers with respect to the baron's personal health and long life were duly heard and favorably received, there appears to be no manner of doubt but that the baron would be hale and hearty to this good day. The night was far advanced, and the revelry had nearly reached its height ; the minstrels sung with the most desperate energy ; the baron's fool rattled his bells and waved his bauble, with a perseverance worthy of a better cause ; all were talking together, with the exception of those who, having fallen from their seats, were making themselves as comfortable as circum stances would admit of on the floor, when the baron shouted, with a voice like that of a dozen of Mentors rolled into one, — " Broach another pipe of malvoisie, ye loitering knaves ! See ye not my guests lack wine ?" " Ay !" vociferated a famous captain of Lanzeknecht's, and a noted toper, " broach another pipe, and by'r ladye we'll see the bottom of it before the sun peeps over the Brocken, were it the tun of Heidelberg !" A roar of acclamation hailed this satisfactory prophecy. " The bottom of a wine- vessel is a sorry sight," said the baron, " I never wish to see it." " Take my advice, and thou wilt," observed the jester. " How mean you, sir fool ?" said the Lanzehnecht. " Marry, never quaff the contents," chuckled the fool. " That were a specific unworthy of a wise man," said the Lanzekneclit. " I never addressed it to such," replied the jester. " Fill up higher, the foul fiend take ye, — higher!" exclaimed a young man near the baron, whose flushed face and thick ut terance gave evidence of his potations. " Fill up !" he said, impatiently to the sewer who poured a flood of wine in his gob let ; " 'tis the first-fruits of the new cask, and I devote a deep draught to the fair Christine!" Down a hundred throats went the contents of a hundred goblets ; and up, as soon as the liquor would permit, came a volley of shouting which made the old roof ring again. A mo mentary pause succeeded this ebullition ; and then, from the lower end of the table, rose the sounds of a hollow, sepulchral voice which startled the listeners, as though it had proceeded from the tombs, — " Time wanetli ; the grey dawn will be over the forest anon." The immediate neighbours of him who spoke shrunk instinc tively from the owner of the ghastly voice, and many a pair of eager eyes were turned towards him. Even a select party of gentlemen under the table, who had been performing an ancient German edition of "We won't go home till morning," came to a full stop, and gazed as well as they could upon the stranger. He was an old man, with reverend features, yet lighted up with an expression of deep cunning and watchfulness. His keen grey eye twinkled incessantly, and his closely compressed lips gave token of the firm and resolute spirit which spake through them. A long beard descended to his breast, and the garments he wore were loose and flowing. " Time wanetli," he repeated ; " the grey dawn will be upon the forest anon." " Time!" echoed the baron at length. " Time ! Who cares for time ? It was made for slaves, and we be free men." A loud shout hailed this magnanimous sentiment, albeit some of the drunken vassals who joined in it felt the iron collar of serfdom sit inconveniently upon their necks. " Time waneth," repeated the mysterious stranger, with un changed voice and attitude ; " the hours slip by." " Let them," said the baron ; " who reckoneth or careth for their progress ? They will not drive me from the wassail bowl. Let them take their course ; I will take mine. ' " Yours is theirs," said the stranger,—" and yet, I pray thee to prepare,— for thy time below is drawing to a close !" " Sirrah 1" roared the baron. " How darest thou break in on our revelry with this ill-omened croaking ? What art thou t" " An Astrologer," was the reply. " I know the secrets of the stars," he added. .... " What have they taught thee ?" asked the baron. " That the sand in thy glass is nearly run," said the astrologer. The baron was somewhat startled at the solemnity of manner of his unbidden guest, but he recovered himself, and said, scofhngly,— . « Al) " Doubtless thou thyself was born under a wise planet ? " Nay," interposed the jester, who put on his oar on all occa sions, " he was born under no planet at all, but under a hedge. A laugh followed this sally— People were easily entertained in the fifteenth century. "Bah!" quoth the baron, emptying a stoup of wine; 1 laugh at thy prophecies. This day month 1 will hold another feast, and to it I will bid all my present guests." " It may not be," returned the astrologer ; the everlasting wheel of time moveth round ; thy scoffs will not stay its pro gress. I tell thee, baron, that by the time the sun hath attained the meridian of the heaven on the day thou hast named, thy body will be lifeless, and thy soul—umph ! the astrologer shrugged his shoulders after a fashion which finished the sen tence in a manner more intelligible than agreeable. "Thou art but a lying knave and an impostor !" said the in censed baron ; " but thine audacity shall not escape its punish ment. Beyond the walls of the castle thou stirrest not for a month, and — and," he continued, a bright idea striking him (a verv unusual thing, be it remarked, with the worthy baron), shall have that new-fangled invention of which we have heard, and which, men say, telleth by the sound of a bell the progress of the hours— a clock. I shall have one such erected in the highest turret of the castle, and if I live but ever such a brief space after the time thou hast designated, thou, friend, shalt make but one step from the top of the battlements to the bot tom of the moat. Thou seest I can tell fortunes as well as thou, most sage astrologer!" The student of the stars looked for a moment rather put out by this unexpected recital of his prospects at the end of the month, but he recovered himself, and, bowing his head with an air of deep submission, said, — " Be it so ; I trust the stars !" This strange incident had, naturally, the effect of putting a damper upon the hilarity of the revels. It was in vain that the baron strove to be facetious, and swallowed deep draughts of wine, the words of the astrologer rung ominously in his earn. Those of the company who were not too far gone to be recalled by any occurrence, however marvellous, were a good deal sobered by what they heard. They conversed in groups of threes and fours, pointing now and then to the astrologer, who sat, with his chin resting upon his breast, involved in deep thought ; and after he was removed to secure quarters, they gradually dropped off, one by one, to the dormitories which had been provided for them, and, lo ! the baron was left alone. " Umph 1" he said, walking round the hall, " 'tis very strange, 1 don't feel comfortable. The knave looked most unpleasantly solemn. However, I'll go to bed, and sleep upon it. And the baron stalked along, bestowing hearty kicks upon the in sensible drunkards who were stretched upon the floor. He paused for a moment at the door, mentally debating the point, whether or not he would hang the astrologer at once, as a relief to his feelings, and a striking termination of the evening s fes tivities. He decided, however, in the negative; and as there were no bed-room candlesticks in those days, he took a torch from the hand of a yawning attendant, and walked off to bed. That night, however, the baron slept but little. » Time slipped by, and the baron remained marvellously ill at ease. He put the blame upon bile— nerves had not then come into fashion — but the whole castle easily divined the cause of their lord's inquietude. The boars and wolves had a complete holyday, and as there was nobody to stick spears into them, they throttled each other for a change ; the baron s steeds yawned, and shook themselves impatiently in the stables, and the baron's retainers performed the same operations in the hall. Never had there been such dreary times in Schwaggerberger Castle. The long corridors seemed more dim than ever — the windows appeared to be inlets of darkness rather than light— every shady nook was tenfold more gloomy than before— the chimneys smoked consumedly— the rain pattered monotonously the wind howled dismally among the turrets,— every thing seemed out of sorts, and every body out of humour ; even the fair Christine was pensive — the astrologer rapt and silent knights and squires yawned and slept, cursed and swore, and told and listened to dismal ghost stories— the jester forgot his calling, and as for the baron, he scowled and moped, and if he did rouse himself for a moment, it was only to " blow up the first unfortunate vassal he placed his eyes on. In short, the King of the Blue Devils might have appropriately fixed his court in the castle of the Baron von Schwagger. At lpnorth- linwevpr. there was a D&rtial; cicftrinfif up j changes. now and then, came over the baron's mood. He was some times quite bold, and tried to reason himself out of the dim, ill- defined apprehensions whieh pressed upon him, and he would feel quite sure he had succeeded ; he was in good health, and there could be no mistake about his appetite, for he would demolish a huge pasty, by way of making sure of the fact, that he could really take his meals as he used to do, and then, con templating the wreck he had made, with much inward satisfac tion, he would throw himself back in his great chair, swallow a stupendous draught of spiced wine, and begin to feel quite comfortable, when his eye would suddenly rest on the astrolo ger, poring over a mysterious parchment, whereon cabalistical characters were traced, or, if it were night, gazing intently through the window on the stars, on which he placed such re- liance and straightway all the baron's inward misgivings would scowl terrifically, thrust the wine aside, scratch his head, and incontinently kick whoever happened to be nearest to him. The baron, however, was by no means unmindful of the in tention he had anuounced with respect to the clock. He stuck firmly to his whim, and a young artist speedily arrived from Strasbourg, with all the necessary means and appliances for the erection of a huge castle time-piece. Gasper, for such was the machinist's name, was a fair and modest youth. His figure was sight, but well knit and graceful ; his features were mild, his deep black eye keen and sparkling, and his hair hung in luxu riant masses upon his shoulders. He toiled hard in the top- most turret of the castle, amid bars of iron, and huge wheels, and chains, and pulleys ; and, at length, the ponderous mass of mechanism which in those days did duty for a clock, but which a modern would take for ?. stunted steam- engine without fur naces, was nearly complete. One important part of the machine was, however, missing ; the hands for the dial had either been forgotten, or had been made free with by some of the baron's train, with the view, perhaps, of their being fashioned into javelins or hunting-spears. So Gasper sought the baron, and in formed that mighty personage of his loss and his dilemma. Now had he not been rather a favorite with the baron this step would have been a bold one, but instead of being dipped in the castle moat, as he might have been under different circumstances, the baron, on being made to understand the nature of the missing articles, condescended to suggest substitutes. " There are a couple of antique swords in the hall," he said, " could you not fashion them, so that they should stand you in stead of your lost implements ?" " Thanks," said Gasper, — " thanks for the hint, valiant sir ; so please you, I will make the essay. A sword-blade for a clock-hand," he added, musingly, " it will seem akin to the scythe of Time;" and he smiled at his own conceit Days and weeks passed away, the tide of time rolled on, and the clock, like the pulse of a giant, throbbed to mark its flow. Its great bell was heard, sending forth its loud and regular sum mons, and at every peal the astrologer looked at the baron with a gaze which repeated his old note of " Time waneth !" and the baron fell into a fit of the fidgets forthwith. Gasper's workseemed done.buthe still lingered in Schwagger berger Castle. It was marvellous to see how many faults he found in his handiwork, which must positively be put to rights ere he returned to his master and the old workshop at Stras bourg. He seemed dull, too, thoughtful, and occasionally vacant The baron never doubted but that his melancholy arose from the number of defects which he pretended still lurked in the clock, so he applauded his diligence and anxiety, and encouraged him to stay in the castle until all was perfect. Alas ! poor baron ! And the Lady Christine, too ! She had actually lost all appe tite, sighed in the midst of a merry song, and lay all night con siderably more wakeful than the warder on the battlements. The baron could not tell what to make of it. As the fated day approached, he began to get as low as ever, and, in his own mind, he believed they were all going to the devil together. But Gasper would sit unnoticed and motionless for hours gazing upon Christine, and when she marked his eye fixed upon her, and so full of deep and involuntary meaning, she blushed, but she was not angry ; the gaze embarrassed her, but she could not, for the life of her, wish it withdrawn. Alas ! poor baron ! And then, when Gasper would furtively, and but for one moment press her hand, as they passed close to each other, was that light squeeze returned? It was. And, ha! how slight, how almost imperceptible was the pressure which sent the blood of the youth tingling like fire through every vein ! It was even so. Gasper, the poor penniless boy, the adopted son and apprentice of Ignatius Graafhurst, the mechanist of Stras bourg, had dared to fall " certain fathoms deep" in love with the Lady Christine, the only daughter of the mighty baron von Schwagger, and the presumptive heiress to all his domains, and ("in the lowest depth a lower still") the lady had fallen quite as deeply in love with him. Alas! poor baron! He would not have believed that such was the case had every man, woman, and child in Germany sworn it by the three kings of Cologne ; but it was a fact, nevertheless. On the evening preceding the eventful day, big with the fate of so many of the personages of this veritable history, the baron was in a state of intense uneasiness He fidgeted about, quite unable to sit still for a single moment ; he gave orders and countermanded them, and then fell into a brown study, and then bustled about. He sent for a monk to slirieve him, " in case," as he said, " of anything happening ; and when the holy father came he would have nothing to do with him. At length he recollected that there were three wretches in the dungeons of the castle, who had presumed to make a dinner of the baron's venison without a game qualification issued under his hand and seal, so he ordered them to be hanged, by the way of diverting his mind and keeping the executioner's hand in. As for the dStrologer he was calm and collected. He glided from room to room, and gallery to gallery, and whispered mys teriously to those of the .baron's retainers who appeared per vaded with the greatest degree of wholesome awe of that remarkable personage. What he said we know not, — as we never heard ; but those who did hear looked as if they had never listened to more extraordinary statements in all their lives — as, indeed, it is probable they never had. The shades of night were stealing on apace, and Christine sat upon a settle in the deep recesses of a window in the ball, her slender form nearly hidden by the canopying tapestry. She was not alone. Obscured by the favoring gloom, kneeling at her feet, and grasping one white hand in both of his, was Gasper. In a low, very low, and very broken voice, the young man was pouring forth passionate vows of never-dying love, when sud denly, interrupting himself in the sweet recital, he exclaimed in more impetuous tones than he had yet made use of, " But I am a fool, a driveller, to speak so. I— I, the miserable apprentice of a miserable mechanist, what right have I,— what claim have I, to the love of such as thee ?" " Say not so, Gasper," returned the low and faltering tones of Christine, " say not so ; I would scorn a belted knight for the poor Gasper Graafhurst !" " Say for Rudolph Wolfstein, rather thus spoke a low, deep voice, close to the lovers. Christine uttered a faint cry, and her suitor sprung to his The arm of the astrologer, for it was he who spoke, was laid upon his shoulder. "Fear not, my children," he said, "fear not. The stars favor ye ; I, their student, tell you so." The lovers gazed in astonishment and awe upon the mys terious being who addressed them. " Thou callest me Rudolph Wolfstein ?" at length faltered the young artist. " Rudolph Wolfstein art thou, the rightful lord of this proud castle. Lady, behold thy cousin !" With a low cry of joy Christine sprung into the arras which were open to receive her. " Do I dream ? " murmured the bewildered lover. " Much yet remains to be suffered and to be done," said the astrologer. " Meanwhile, breath not the secret. The good time will come. Trust the stars." He gathered his robe around him, and strode away into the fast deepening darkness. " Cousin," murmured Christine. " A sweet word ; but soon to be changed for a dearer title still ;" was the low, soft reply. Christine looked wistfully into her lover's face. It was a long, long look that, and Rudolph pressed the loving girl in voluntarily closer to his breast. More time elapsed than we oare to specify, and still Christine gazed fondly on her cousin and her lover. At length she moved her head to place it on his shoulder. As she did so her gaze was for a moment with drawn from his face, and it fell — heaven and earth 1 — it fell upon the face of the baron, who stood looking at the pair with horror in his face and a torch in his hand. Take Mount Hecla, Mount Vesuvius, and Mount Etna, la boring individually with every eruption with which these cele brated hills have favored the world since they attained the dignity of volcanos, place them respectively inside each other, the largest holding the other two; let this united kingdom of fire and lava " flare up" in one mighty belch, — the explosion would bear the same relation to the outburst of the baron's wrath, which the fizz of a bottle of ginger-pop in the dog-days would to the " wreck of matter and the crash of worlds." In the course of five minutes Christine was laid in a fainting fit in her room at the top of the castle, and Rudolph was bound in a dungeon considerably deeper than the moat. For some hours his brain was utterly bewildered. So many changes had taken place in his condition within such a short space that he had considerable doubts as to whether he was himself or not. He pressed his hands to his forehead, and gradually he seemed to awake from an uncommonly disagreeable dream to a still more uncommonly disagreeable reality. His first sensation was a faint impression that the place was slightly damp, and in this respect it would be difficult to assert that he was much mistaken, seeing that he stood in six inches of mud and six inches addi tional of water, and that the ceiling above him not only an swered its legitimate purpose, but combined with it the ad vantages of a shower-bath. Divers venerable rats also began to manifest a decided taste for cannibalism and the calves of his legs, requiring some brisk exertions on the part of their newly introduced companion to repel their pressing advances. So that, upon the whole, the newly discovered rightful heir passed the night after a fashion possessing the charms of novelty rather than those of comfort. As for his lovely companion in distress, when she had been informed of her lover's plight, she was, to use the common ex pression, out of one fit into another, and her tire-maidens stood around her weeping and wailing, in a manner dismal to behold. The baron strode up and down the hall like a madman — in fact, for the time, he was one. Nobody dared to address him, and he condescended to address nobody ; but he uttered inco herent ravings and stamped on the floor with a violence which might be heard by the antipodes. Anon he became calmer, and flinging himself into his great chair, ordered, in a voice of thunder, that the executioner should attend him. The gentleman who officiated as the Abhorson of the baron's establishment appeared and bowed before his lord. " I have got a job for thee for to-morrow," said the baron. " I thought as much, my lord," returned the grim funtionary addressed. " At noon the young whelp dies." roared the baron. " By the rope or the axe ?" said Abhorson coolly. " The axe," returned the baron. " I will grant him that favor." " And thou wilt not change thy purpose ?" said the execu tioner. The baron " grinned horribly a ghastly smile" — Death's was a merry one to the baron's — " When thou seest me lay my own head at the foot of him who hath insulted my house, hold thy hand — not sooner ;" and Abhorson retired. The offence of Gasper, or Rudolph, or whatever he was, and what he deemed the dereliction in duty of his daughter, were so appalling, so tremendous, that in the baron's breast they swallowed up every other consideration. He quite forgot his own threatened doom ; he had no thoughts to spare from the event which had just taken place, and from the consequences which he designed should follow, at least with respect to one of the actors in it. Of course he never went to bed, but remained all night pacing up and down and watching for the first glimpse of the dawn. The whole househeld was in an equal state of inquietude ; but the astrologer was calm, and looked upon the tumult around him with a sad smile ; now and then, too, he exchanged looks of intelligence with a squire, or man- at-arms, and then turning to a window, he bent his looks upon the stars. At one time he gazed long and earnestly on the firmament, and then his thoughts involuntarily clothing themselves in words, he mut tered, "Would that every man beneath your glorious expanse were clothed with fortune suitable to his own deservinga !" " Ha ! prayest thou so ?" said a voice behind him. He turned and beheld the jester. " If such a prayer as that," continued the fool, " were to be instantly granted, how many, think you, would wittingly breathe it ?" He stayed not for a reply ; but, with a wild maniac laugh and a rattle of his bells, skipped lightly away. The astrologer gazed after bim. " He is more of knave than a fool," he said. The morning broke brightly. All around the castle seemed fresh, and still, and peaceful ; all within was wild contending passion, gloomy foreboding, and cheerless despair. A bird sat upon the castle- gate among the ivy and poured forth its joyous heart in song ; a grating noise drowned the notes — it was the executioner sharpening his axe. The morning passed away ; how slowly to some, how quickly to others. The baron thought of the astrologer ; it was but a moment, and it was with a sneer. He deemed himself secure now. " His time shall come soon," he muttered to himself ; " but Gasper's is first." At this moment the hall-door was flung open, and Christine entered. Her dress was in wild disorder, her cheek deadly pale, her long black dishelved hair was streaming behind her, and her eyes were flashing and bloodshot She rushed to the baron, 6unk down before him, and clasped his knees. " Spare, spare,— I love him. I will die with him !" was all she could utter. " Spare!" quoth the baron, grimly, " a modest request truly. And so every piece of tag, rag, and bobtail that thinks fit— every Gasper Thingamy " " His name is not Gasper," exclaimed Christine ; " 'Tii Rudolph Wolfstein : he is my cousin." The words had hardly passed her lips before she saw that her rashness had cut off the only chance of mercy. Her heart sunk within her. The baron first turned as pale as if he had been soaked in whitewash, and tbert as scarlet as the coats of a whole regiment. " Ha !" he muttered, " that accursed name again ! I thought its owner's bones had been bleaching under the waters of the Rhine; but now will I make sure — sure! Ha! 'tis a rare chance, to have my natural enemy in my clutch ; and a pre tence for putting him to death, other than that he is my enemy. Ha ! — luck — luck— good luck — good luck !" x All this was thought rather than said. " Spare — spare !" murmui ed the wretched Christine. The baron paused, a gleam of savage joy shot across his features, and then he spurned her with his foot. As he did so, fierce eyes flashed, and ready hands" clutched sword-hilts ; but the baron observed nob " Take her away !" he said, and Christine was borne out senseless. " I will see it from the battlements," said the baron ; " the hour is at band !" and so muttering, he ascended the corkscrew stairs which led to the highest pinnacle of the castle. Bars of light shining in through narrow loopholes in the thick walls guided the baron's footsteps. As he ascended he left the din and confused turmoil of the castle far below ; there was no sound save the occasional twitter of a swallow from her nest in a loophole, and the solemn and regular pulsations of the clock, and. in a few minutes, the baron stood amongst its pon derous and complicated machinery. He paused and contem plated it. Slowly revolved the vast wheels, so curiously inter laced with each other. Steadily and noiselessly worked lever, and spring, and ratchet ; and the deeo throb of the pendulum, as it performed its unwearying pulsations, fell with a strange and ominous sound upon the listener's ear. He looked upon the huge lumps of metal which acted as weights, and thought upon the power of a machine which was set in motion by the downward action of such ponderous masses. The baron was on the point of moving still higher when he paused, hesitated for a moment, and then muttered, "Yes, here, even amid the mechanism will I take my stand, and mark the end of him who framed it." The dial-plate of the clock was not solid ; it consisted of a huge circular grating of metal, in the rim of which the letters denoting the hours were traced. Inserting his head into one of the open spaces which just sufficed to admit it, he looked anxiously downwards. Had the baron's mind been comfortable, or had his taste inclined to the picturesque, he would have gazed with delight around him. He would have marked from his commanding position the vast panorama of wild and roman tic country beneath. He would have admired the effect of sun and shadow as they fell upon knoll and glade, tinging with still more varied hues the differing shades of the oak, and the pine, and the beech, which, interlacing their green arms, spread out a waving sea of foliage. He would have admired grey mossy precipices contrasting with the green verdure, and breaking its expanse ; he would have loved to look long and earnestly on the waters of the distant Rhine as they pursued their course, gleam ing in the sunshine ; and he would have listened to the low song of many birds, the dimly heard ripple of the far river, and the subdued rustle of the waving trees, as these varied sounls came floating on his ear in blended sweetness like the inarti culate voice of Nature in her gladness; but the baron, like Gallio, " cared for none of these things." His gaze was riveted upon the court-yard below. There was the block, and stand ing beside it, leaning upon his bright axe, the headsman ; while close by, the centre of a little group, he discerned the slight but unshrinking form of the victim. " Ha, lia ! he muttered with a croaking sound intended for a laugh, " the hour which was prophesied as fatal to me sees the last moments of mine enemy. Here I stand firmer thau ever in my power. The stars ! — ha, ha ! — let them do their worst — 1 despise them !" At this moment a stir took place among the little party in the court-yard. " Ha !" said the baron, " they are preparing !" and, straining his eyes, he gloated upon the spectacle of approaching death. Indeed so intensely was his mind occupied by what he saw, that be either did not feel or did not heed a slight — very slight, but still perceptible— pressure of something cold and hard upon his bare and out-stretched neck. "There is but little more of heaven's sunshine for kirn he murmured. "Ha, ha; it will be soon be over!" " Ha, ha ! so it will !" said a voice behind him like the echoes of his own. The baron started— struggled. Great God ! he could not stir his head ; and, like lightning, the awful truth flashed upon him. Silently and unperceived the blade-formed hand of the Clock had closed upon his neck, and fastened his head in an iron pillory! The words of his foretold fate rushed on the baron. He felt he was a doomed, dying man— and such a death ; The blood curdled in his veins, his limbs hung powerless, not a muscle would do its office ; lie was insensible to every sound but one, the slow-measured click— click — click of the machinery which would urge the sharp sword-blade second by second and line by line through his shrinking neck. Anon, he partially revived, and tried to shout an alarm to those below. It was in vain, the time for that bad gone by, the pressure upon his throat was too great to allow him to use his voice, his face flushed, and he writhed his limbs in agony. At this moment another head was protruded from another aperture of the dial. It looked like that of a gibing fiend, but it was that of the astrologer. " Help !" almost inarticulately moaned the baron. " Help ! I — will — pardon— spare !" " Time waneth 1" said the astrologer. " Hark !" Click — click — click went the machinery! Again the baron writhed in Iris agony, the sword blade had cut the skin, and the hot blood sputtered forth. " Spare— spare " he gasped, and beat the walls with his limbs. " Time was made for slaves, and we be free men taunted the astrologer. The baron's features became awfully convulsed, his eyes ap peared startinglrom their sockets, the tongue was protruded, and the blood and foam gurgled in liis throat. Click — click — click went the mechanism ; and through skin and flesh, and severing nerve and vein, slowly but surely penetrated tire in strument of the baron's dreadful death. " Let the hours take their course, do thou take thine," said the astrologer. Strong and terrific convulsrons slrook the baron's frame; Iris limbs quivered, and every muscle worked in the intensity of his agony. There was one fearful throe, one gurgling sound — it could not be called a groan— low, but awful to hear, and the baron felt no more. " So perish those who mock the stars !" said the astrologer. ' " The headsman is ready, and thy time is almost out 1" Young Rudolph, for it was he who was addressed, turned his wandering and bloodshot eye on the speaker as though he understood him not. " The time is at hand," repeated the man-at-arms ; " and, therefore, prepare !" " Lo!" said another, " the baron looketh down from the dial of the clock !" They were too far distant from the main personage of our story to observe the tragedy which was enacting in respect to him, but they could see his features undergo a change. " He laugheth !" raid one of the gazers. " Certainly it is a thing to laugh at," said Abhorson. " Ha! ha-! so young and so comely, and so soon to die ! A change from yesterday — ha, ha! from the arms of a fair maiden to a hard block, a sharp axe, and a clean stroke !" Brutal as were the by- standers, they shrunk from the wretch who spoke. " Come," he exclaimed with a grim langli, as he observed the effects of bis speech, — "come, prepare!" and he grasped Rudolph with one hand, and poised the broad bright axe with the other. "Christine! Christine! I die blessing thee !" murmured poor Rudolph. His neck was on the block, the axe glittered aloft, the group around held their breath in anticipation of the event, when suddenly the astrologer broke through the crowd. " Hold!" he shouted in a voice of thunder, — " hold, or thou art but a dead man !" "Wherefore should I hold?" said the headsman. "The baron ordered me to strike, unless he laid his head at the pri soner's feet." " Lib, it is done !" said the astrologer. Whack ! down like a tennis-ball caine a round bloody mass. Bounding from the spot were it fell, it rolled to the feet of the kneeling prisoner, and all knew by the bloody ami distorted features that it was the baron's head. " There is the token thou spokest of," said the astrologer. " A miracle — a miracle !" shouted the by-standers Rudolph sprung to his feet, and tore the bandage from his eyes. " Hail to Rudolph Wolfstein, rightful lord of Schwagger- berger !" exclaimed the astrologer; and, bending on one knee, the crowd responded, "Hail to Rudolph Wolfstein, rightful lord of Schwagger- berger !" " He is alive — I am yet in time !" shrieked Christine, burst ing through the crowd, and clasping Rudolph in her arms. The astrologer stretched his arms aloft, and said solemnly, "Thus are fulfilled the decrees of our stars!" then turning away he strode from the castle into the forest, and no man knew whither lie went, and none of those who saw liiin go ever saw him again. Shall we pursue our tale further ? Assuredly not. He who can fancy the rest requireth not; and he who cannot, deserveth not that he should be told aught further. 