f HS cXt S.MËAT SIAN'S WlPB. And bow did you get on after you were married? Qb ! m nen th«* sanies most people do* 1 believe ; that ts, 1 found courting one thing and marriage another ; and I tell you what it is» master, courtiug is (ike Smoothing down a cat's back, all nice enough while she keens her claws in j 4but marriage is lik«* roughening the catV back the wrongly, ahâ then she pnisner** claws out, and that makes ¡quite a different business of it as l soon found out. Haw was that ? Did your husband beat you'* " Of course he did 5 but that was nothing ; it is Mat evey wife mast expect now and then i but that wasn't the worst; twas soon ob liged to tafee the bari pw and go a crying cat's me t ell day . and that was more thae respectable yoting/woman, delicately bi ought upas 1 was, could bear And who was your father ? asked Í He was in the service of the great Mr -i-, Í forget his name, who always contracted for all the dust in our parish. 1 see, «¿id I ; but tafe ing pf dust, mates hiv throat feel ¿fjuite dry,; you won't drink that drop of stuff! suppose! ;No, master, thank yofi.it's against my vow, l^takin^le the glass and looking at it sen. îïmentî*Hy, abd smelling it, end then put* Mug it down on the table with a sigh ; but T Observed that she replaced it 00 the tabla nearer to her than before. And wh it was the end o{ your Unhappy union I said Í, in a tbne of ¿rTectiíinare commisseratiou at the ^ongs inflicted Uv the cafWmeat mah orr 4he much-injured Kitty. The end of it was, what happens sooner or later to all bad husbands who ill-treat their wives. He .took to drinkiüi2--¿that is, he Byways used to drink as muchas he could get at all ! tímes-^b'üt be soon got worser than ever, and as di ink he would ha vd. he toole to ¡ evil courses to get it. The uVst time tgo.t i a knowledge bf these ways, I thottgnt I should have fainted away, for after ail he was my husband, and 1 couldn't help feeling j for bim ; and besides, I was afraid that, I j should become complicated in l is wicked« ! neis, and so put in jail or.lagged,for all I knew. I Was sitting one evening at home getting ready his dinner again7 he Came home, which was some sprats which I had exchanged some cuts meat for with a j neighbour, when I h ard the sound of the ! wheel of, his harrow on the pavement. Ï «aw that he Was a little the worse for I liquor, and I was just going to stick up my ; back a bif^-for I never could bear to be put ! on-and he wheeled his barrow Into the ; jooro-we had an apartment on the ground .íoorfbrthe convenience of the bar io w-^ . SF hen he ups with the lid of lt, and chuck ing something pu the floor, says he, " Sk in j that cat!** Is it possible f said I. Master, ! 1 guessed the whole truth in a minute, and ¡ from that moment I felt that I wasche ! wietchedest woman in the world ! The j ghost of that cat haunted me at night, and i whenever I woke I thought I saw it on the ! counterpane, with its back sticking up and lits whiskers sticking out ami tis mouth j half open, and its tail bristling behind like a hearth brush--it WES a dreadful sight ! and had like to have drove me quite mad j j And every day it was the same ; and some, times he brought home one and sometime« two, aud then he would say with a terrible « » *. ^"¡s» ^-^Sffîf ^V» í"^ ^ «tomach, or else there would hare bee A murder.; íor he «wore if I didn't he would skin nie !. end he had got eo ferocious and blood thirsty, what with tilting^cats and With the 3riuk besides that beqwte fright« ened me"; and jae regularly beat me twice a dáy-^night a"d mdruing-^sp that I got quite miserublaat last-aud when he wac transported "it was a blessed relief to me as well as to the cats-poor creal urea i But Î little thought then how good comea out ofevillas the parson says^md how the transporting pf my iSrst husband should lead tb a second ! and to such a second! Ah 1 he was a dear,if eyer there was one iu this blessed world. He was a saiioring man arti! he aíways'left me half his payana let me do what I liked ! and this is the dar o' his death* poer fellow 1 and such a death too. ?. What is a settlement of conveyance ? Wheu an omnibus smashes a cab PÜNCÄ. 