firing Netos. Wholesale Prices OF and Dairy Produce in the Sydney Markets during the present Week. Wheat is not arriving very fast, nor does it improve in price ; sales effected have ranged from 3s. 6d. to 4s. Flour is realising £10 for fine, and £8 for seconds. Maize is plentiful, and worth 3s. per bushel. - English Barley must be very prime, and the sample not pinched, to be saleable. Cape Barley is very saleable, and worth 2s. 6d. per bushel. Hay. Owing to the steamers not being able to bring down much hay, it has not been very plentiful, particularly compressed ; prices have ranged from £4 to £5 10s. Butter, if good, is worth 1s. per lb. Cheese is very saleable, at about 6d. per lb. Bacon and Hams are very scarce; the former worth 6d., and the latter 7d. per lb. Eggs are worth 7d. to 8d. per dozen. Tallow is worth £29 per ton for shipment. Hides are worth 10d. to 15d. per lb. Wool sells well, and prices are regulated according to quality. Tobacco varies from 6d. to 1s. 6d. per lb. HENRY FERRIS, 103, York-street, Sydney. February 12th, 1846. (From our Correspondent.) Thursday Evening, Feb. 12, 1846. On Tuesday evening last, just before, sun down, Sydney was visited by a severe thunderstorm accompanied by rain and by a strong south-west wind ; since which time there has been a great change in the weather, which has been considerably colder than it was previously. Notwithstanding the congrat 1 itory remarks of his Worship the Mayor, at the close of the proceedings in the City Council on Monday last, to the effect that the corpora- tion had provided for lighting the city and supplying the inhabitants with plenty of water, and that it now only remained for them to make provision for improving the streets-it does not appear that the bright anticipations of his Worship will be realised so speedily as he seemed to expect. So far from the Council having provided the means of supplying the city with water (which, heaven knows, it wants badly enough, nearly every street being a perfect sink-hole), this very question has caused, and will cause, no end of discussion amongst them. In fact, the time of this honorable and learned body is almost wholly occupied in useless debate ; whilst their efficiency as a corporation, like the ghost in Hamlet, " comes in such a questionable shape as to be almost imperceptible : they seem to be more like a parcel of overgrown lads than of sensible men who have been selected from and by their fellow citizens for the good government and better regulation of the city; and their chief delight appears to be in setting things upon purpose that they may have the pleasure of knocking them down again. On the 12th of last month they adopted a resolution, on the motion of Councillor Hill, to the effect that it was inexpedient to borrow money at all for the purpose of supplying water to the city, although they readily admitted that the water was badly wanted, and there was no fund from which it could be supplied except money was borrowed for the purpose. On Monday last this resolution was, on the motion of Alderman Wilshire, knocked on the head, and the Council then agreed that £10,000, or less, as might be required, should be borrowed, and applied to bringing water into the city. This resolution appears destined to follow the fate of Councillor Hill's, for Councillor Josephson has given notice that he will, on Monday next, move a resolution to rescind it, and substitute in its stead the following-" That whereas the resolution of Alderman Wilshire for the purpose of borrow- ing £10,000 for the better supply of water in the city of Sydney, passed on the last quarter day, without previous notice, is contrary to the spirit of the 94th section of the Act of Incorporation, and of the resolution of Alderman Owen, of date 30th November, 1842, the same be expunged from the proceedings of the Council and that the following motion be adopted in lieu thereof, viz.*-' That the Water Committee be requested, with as little delay as possible, to report upon all matters relating to the water works belonging to the corporation, and to inform the Council what proper scientific surveys of the water reserve and of the tunnel have been made, what further surveys should be made, and what will be the probable expense thereof; together with the cost of purchasing pipes or mains which may be required to be laid down in the tunnel and in the city for the complete and permanent supply of water to the citizens, and of laying down such pipes and mains and that it be stated in such report what is the annual average amount derivable from the water revenue; it being considered advisable that the above information should be had before the Council borrow any sum of money upon the security of its revenues.' " This resolution I have not the slightest doubt the Council will adopt, after a lucid and edifying discussion and when it has been on record for a few days, some one of the many wise- acres upon whom the citizens of Sydney have, with so much discrimination, heaped civic honours, will, I doubt not bring forward a resolution to " expunge" the above, and substitute some other wild or impracticable scheme in its stead. In the mean time the citizens are calling on all sides for water, and the want of it is becoming more acutely felt every day. The Council, like many other big blustering lads, seem to think it ''good fun" thus to set up and knock down resolutions one after the other : it gives the talkers amongst them a fine opportunity of " showing off," and it is not likely that a change for the better will take place for the present. It is to be hoped, however, that at the next election the citizens will evince some degree of care for their own interests that they will show some discrimination in their choice of councillors and that they will elect men who will work more and talk less. Yesterday Mr. Hosking, the ex-Mayor, gave a pic-nic dinner to about ninety, in one of the boys down the harbour ; plenty of good eating and drinking champagne, hock, port, sherry, c, c, and everything in first rate style. It is said his ex-Worship has again cast a longing eye towards the civic chair, and he is therefore acting wisely, and taking the advice of Scripture, in making friends of the mammon of this world. There is nothing of any consequence going on in the Supreme Court just now. The Roman Catholic Archbishop will not leave, it is said, until Monday, it being impossible to procure a steamer to tow out the Ratcliff on that day. The Angelina and several other vessels loaded with wool are to sail about the same time; so that there will shortly be a goodly freight of our staple on its way home. 