MAGISTERIAL CONSISTENCY. Justices of the Peace occupy an influential position in the country— their's is a necessary and useful office, and this renders their appointment, and the manner of executing their duties, a sub ject of great consequence to the community. No little allowance is to be made for the difficulties cast in their way, and the unavoidable mistakes to which human nature is liable— still they have no authority to disregard the claims of justice, and the provisions of the law ; and the instant this is attempted, a stand should be made by the people against the serious dereliction of duty of which they are guilty. The occurrences of the last two meetings of the Launceston justices, afford matter for reflection. Some of the principles propounded, would, if carried out, produce an entire revolution in the social system, and tend to the irreparable injury of numerous inhabitants of the dis- trict. Among other notable points mooted by the magistrates, none were more prominent than those which related to the question of ' consistency,' more especially at the 'appeal' day on the 22nd. Consistency was the cant phrase on that occasion, and appeased many a quibble and objection, besides laying the 'ghosts' of a few troubled consciences. Let us look a little at the pretensions of this worthy body to be called 'consistent.' The granting or refusing of licenses is to be regulated as the act of the 'body' whose collective assent or dissent regu- lated the decisions. At the first meeting, we find that certain renewals of licenses are refused on various grounds, and the applicants sent home to their anxious families to chew the cud of disap- pointed hope. Most of the refusals were based on the police magistrate's 'black book,' the veracious records being supported by the personal know- ledge or observation of a few only of the justices. Complaints both loud and deep led to investigation, the police magistrate is flatly told that he has erred, and the licensing court is 'resuscitated' to afford a chance of justice being done. A few in- stances will illustrate the 'consistency', of the justices: — . , 1st Meeting - "WilliamBull, 2nd Meeting - Re Re William 'Tom O'Shanier. One con- Bull. "Mr Wales - I defy viction, &c.; Mr. Wales ' the best conducted man to 'would object to the license 'prevent every little irregu- 'on the ground of the con- 'larity-even if there are 'viction.'-Refused 'three convictions, and we 'see fines of trivial amount, 'we should pause before we 'take from a man his means 'of livelihood-to take away 'a license without a specific 'charge, and unless it is 'proved that applicant has 'grossly committed him- 'self, would not be, just.- 'Granted.' 'EeWilliam Duncan.Bull's 'ReWm. Duncan. Captain 'Head, one conviction, fre- ' Gardiner, Major Welman, 'quent card playing, VERY 'Mr.Sams, Captain Neilley, 'DIRTY, late hours. and bad 'and several other Magis- 'premises.- Refused on ac- 'trates gave Mr.Duncan the 'count of character and pre- 'highest character; they had 'mises' 'visited his house,and found 'it Internally the picture of 'neatness, cleanliness, and 'good order. Mr. Bartley 'even withdrew his oppose- 'tion, and supported the re- 'versal.' Granted. 'Matthew Monaghan.Bri. 'Matthew Monagban. Se- 'tannla. Disorderly, and 'veral Magistrates gave him 'the corner a serious nui- 'a good character, and the 'sance, especially ladies. 'decision was immediately 'Refused' 'reversed.' 'Joshua Peck, Australian 'Joshua Peck. Captain 'and Tasmanian Hotel. No 'Neilley, Mr. Sams, Major 'Police objection, quietly ' Welman, and several other 'conducted, surrounded by ' Magistrates supported the 'other large houses.-Re- 'appeal. 'fused. 'Mr. Robertson said, 'that at the annual meet- 'ing, be understood Mr. ' Peck's had been a transfer, ' or he should not have voted ' against it ; it was very hard 'for a man to pay twenty five ' pounds for a three months' ' license, as Mr. Peck had ' done, and then to be de- '-prived of if. 'Mr. Sams— Mr. Peck ' has laid out upwards of a ' thousand pounds, we really ' must pause before we de ' stroy a man. ' Mr. Bartley, under all ' the circimstances of the 'case, consented to with- ' draw his opposition. ' The decision was quash- ' ed, only Messrs. Cox, Col 'lett.Tarleton, and Captain 'Gardiner voting against the 'appellant.' This case affords a most remarkable instance of the peculiar way of doing business at Launces- ton. At the Annual Meeting Mr. Peck's license was refused, without the shadow of a reason; there was no police objection, it was quietly con- ducted, the only fault was its being surrounded by other large houses, and the man who had ex- pended upwards of £600 in improving his pro- perty was capriciously refused the only available means of getting a return for his outlay. In the interim between that, and the 'supplementary' meeting, the magistrates do, what they ought to have done before, visit the house, and in conse quence the applicant obtained a reversal of the previous decision. The case of Mr Wicks, and that of Mr. King should be particularly noticed, but we have not space to do so at present, Why, we ask do the licensing justices give such evidences of incapa city to decide on ordinary matters of business? Is it that thev are swayed bv private feelings, or influenced.by private pique? We think not. Is it , the want of an experienced and really ' learned' chairman of the Court? In a great measure, this is the true reason, and, so long as the cause exists we may expect a repetition of the farcical pro ceedings to which we have adverted. His Ex cellency , has committed a great mistake in ap pointing a non-professional man, and Mr. Breton in accepting a legal appointment. The consistent doings of the Launceston Licensing Justices will not secure the respect of the inhabitants, nor the ad miration of neighbouring colonists ; how can they? We find that several of the gentlemen were ex tremely anxious about their consistency, but they were warned by Mr, Macdowell, and the other counsel not to mistake consistency for obstinacy ; indeed the remark of one of the magistrates (Mr. Sams,) in the case of Bull is a redeeming feature in these strange proceedings and is worthy of es pecial note. We conclude our observations for the present by quoting the remark in question:— ' Mr. Sams — Mr. Moore has observed that we ought to be consistent ; for my own part, I would rather be thought inconsistent than persevere in injustice. On the former occasion I saw very little reason to deprive Bull of his li cense, and I see less now ; it is not right either that the destinies of the licensed victuallers should be in the hands of the police ; it is our duty to see if the appellant be wor thy, and not to plead consistency for continuing to do wrong ! 