RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION AT CON STANTDXOPLE. Jex accounts which are now before us, it on pears that owing to the efforts of some European and Armenian Protestant missionaries stationed in Constantinople, a large number of the members of the Armenian Church have been induced to read the Holy Scriptures for themselves : the natural result has followed, a renunciation of the errors of their former creed, and an abandonment of the idolatrous practices of the Armenian Church. "With a view to put a stop to the progress of this work of truth, the Armenian patriarch has fulminated an anathema, of which the following is a copy: ANATHEMA ON THE ARMENIAN PATRIARCH . OF' CONSTANTINOPLE. " Be it known to the pious flock of our churches in the metropolis, that on the last sabbath, the decree of anathema was read for the information of the pious ; but some of the people understood it as referring only to that cursed nonentity Vestumnos (an Armenian priest who has become a Protestant) ' falsely called priest, and not also to the others. Therefore we have considered it necessary to-day to repeat it, and to inform you, not only that the cursed one (Vertumnos) but also all that are of his sentiments, deceived, and blas- premiers against the Holy Ghost, and followers ofthecorruptsect,nreaccursed,andexcommuni cated, and anathematised by God, and by all his saints, and by us. Wherefore, whoever has B son that is such a one, or a brother, or a partner in business, and gives him bread, or assists him in making money, or has intercourse with him as a friend, or does business with him, such persons know that they are nourishing a venomous serpent in their houses, which will one day injure them with its deadly poison, and they -will lose their BOUIB. Such persons give bread to Judas Î such persons are enemies to our holy faith of Christianity, and destroyers of the holy orthodox Church of the Armenians, and a disgrace to the whole nation. Where- fore their houses and shops also are accursed ¡ and whoever goes to visit them we shall learn, and make them public in the church by terrible anathema." From a letter now before us, we extract the following passages, descriptive of the results which have followed the issuing of the above revolting document : " Since the Armenian Patriarch has, exca- thedra, uttered his curse, fathers and mothers who have gospel-reading children have turned their sons and daughters out of doors, in a state of destitution, lest the curse they have incurred should spread through the whole family. Many, too, of the excommunicated have been dismissed from the employment of their masters from the same dread. Of their own countrymen, no one will buy of them, and no one will sell to them and even the water carriers of the streets, who are mostly Armenians, refuse to take water to any house where any of the accursed reside. But these are merely what may be called the legitimate effects of the curse ; its illegitimate effects, or those which superseded malice has brought about are still worse. Of these the most hard to endure is the depriving of these poor people of their vessels, or the refusing to give them any j for you must know that without a Pescara, which is a passport or care is surely, no subject of the Porte is allowed to open a shop or carry on any business whatever, or to abide in any other except his native place. The stewards, however, to be valid, require the signature of the chief of each man's guild or corporation, who can also, on any pretext he may please to put forward, demand its surrender, and incited thereto by the Patriarch, the chiefs of the Armenian guilds have used all their power against the gospel readers,' Many of these persons within the last week have been obliged to abandon their shops, or any other calling, however humble, by the sudden deprivation of their deserts ; some have been hurried forcibly away to their native places at immense distances, and where they have no means of existence and all who could in any way be come at have experienced the most prosecuting rigour, proceeding from the Patriarch, though his hand does not directly appear in it. At this moment, so many of these propellers have been made outcasts, that there are not less than twenty of them in the house of a Scotch clergyman here, who has afforded them refuge and food in their ex- greatest need and there are several others, both individuals and families, who have found lodging and subsistence in the homes of the American missionaries, by following whose instructions to read the gospel, and by frequent- ing whose religious services, all the evil has been brought upon them." VALUE OF MAKE OR INDIAN CORN. We notice with great satisfaction that we have total and immediate abolition of not only protection, but of all duly upon maize or Indian corn. We class this first, differing from the view of most of our contemporaries of the superior importance of wheat as an article of importation, and we will venture a prophecy that ten years hence the quantity of Indian corn imported into this country will be as five bushels to one compared with the quantity of wheat imported. We have never been very sanguine of the possibility of the working classes obtaining cheap food in the shape of foreign wheat. It is a plant belonging to the temperate latitudes, and to a somewhat narrow zone, for the most part already cultivated. The uncultivated regions from which alone unlimited supplies can be derived, consist chiefly of the hot plains of the south and west, where the wheat plant would be burnt up, but where the maize flourishes. We doubt whether the price of wheat in this country will not, under the new system, always rule as high as the average of the last three years ; there will be an increased importation, but the consumption, from the stimulus given by free trade, will keep pace with it, and the demand and supply, except in seasons of unusual abundance, will retain nearly their present relative proportions. It will be otherwise with maize. Indian corn can be grown at a much less cost than wheat, under circumstances equally favourable, and can be supplied in sufficient abundance to feed the whole population of Great Britain and Ireland if required. It is, however, a new article of food in this country, and must make its way by cheapness. It par- takes too much of the nature of rice to be adapted for bread, but in other forms its application to edible purposes for man or beast, is endless. Some day we may endeavour to enlighten our readers upon the art and mystery of Johnny Cakes,' Indian Butter Cakes,' . Indian Mush,' ' Flappers,' ' Muffins,' Puddings,' baked and boiled which form the muff of life-in the Western States, and (under other names of a large portion of the population of the South of France. The public have to begin, in reference to these and similar 1 dishes, a series of experiments, which, but for \- our corn laws, would have been tried long ago, and if tried would have provided a substitute for the potato, not to be despised at the rich man's table, and yet within the means of the poor.- Westminster Review for March. Tita CHANNEL ISLANDS COMMISSION. From private letters received on Sunday morning, we are apprised that the Commissioners under the Great Seal to inquire into the laws for the administration of justice into the Channel Islands, will arrive in Jersey the third week of April. The preparation of documents with respect to many flagrant instances of legal abuse is now being proceeded with by the authorities in London. The Commissioners will come to the island at least in some degree acquainted with the subject which shall occupy their attention. The whole subject of our general policy will | undergo strict investigation, and all persons who have complaints or appeals to make will have ample opportunity of doing so Jersey 'Times. JVovAU FOREST, Boss simB.A portion of this forest, consisting of 10,032 Scots fir trees Was brought to sale by Mr. Monro, of Novar, on the 24th ult. The price realised was £.r>704 or on average of 10s. 6d. per tree. One lot of i24Stree» brought £1010 and some of the \- the trees brought £2 each. So much for our " native pine when properly managed, Edin t Purgh Post. A J'UKTTT Te? UN-OUÏ.--An advertisement t in the Times the other day announced for " Jtale .' a pony equipage, calculated to carry four persons of the most elegant description." It It certainly a great point in favour of the equipages that four individuals crammed into it would fairly come under the head of " persons of the most elegant description." It generally strikes us that four hulking people, seated behind some miserable little under duty pony who is indeed frightfully under the duty assigned to him-have the most awkward appearance possible. A miniature equipage that can give lightness and even elegance to the look of four persons in this usually humiliat- ing position, must really be worth purchasing. We have been in the habit of regarding such a thing as a mere vehicle for ridicule, instead of as this appears to be-a vehicle for elegance. Punch. 