CONSECRATION OF THE RIGHT REV. DR. VIARD. Tax Consecration to the Episcopal office of the above Right Rev. Prelate, was celebrated in the Metropolitan Church of St. Mary, on Sunday last, upon which occasion the Church presented an im posing and interesting spectacle, the ceremonial being one of rare occurrence in this part of the world. The church was well filled but not crowded. The Rev. Philip Viard, priest of the Society of the Blessed Virgin, and Missionary Apostolic, ar rived in New Zealand in December, 1839, in order to join Monseigneur Pompallier, Bishop' of Maronea and Vicar Apostolic of Western Oceanica. Mr. Viard was shortly after-in June, 1841-appointed the Vicar-General. Having laboured with the truly Apostolic.spirit and much success, for the salvation of the aborigines of New Zealand, Wallis' Island, and New Caledonia, he was at length nominated Bishop of Orthosia, by his present Holiness Pope Gregory XVI; who, in a brief, dated Rome, 7th February, 1845, authorised his consecration, as coadjutor to the Vicar of the South Western Pacific, comprising New Zealand, and other islands extend ing over the tropics.. By a happy coincidence the brief, or Apostolic mandate, arrived from Rome during the sojourn of Dr. Viard in Sydney, which enabled his Grace the Archbishop to proceed to his consecration previous to the departure of their lord ships to their respective missions ;-and we here present our readers with an account of this very interesting solemnity. All being duly prepared, the procession moved from the Chapel of Felician through the transepts of the Cathedral to the High Altar. The order of the procession being as follows:-First, Master of Ceremonies, Thurifers; Sub-deacon bearing pro cessional cross, between two Acolytes carrying'orna mented tapers ; other Acolytes two and two, followed by the choir of the Cathedral; Deacon, bearing the Archiepiscopal Cross, between Acolytes also, bearing massive Candelabra, Pontifical, &c.;, &c; .; Chaplains to the Bishops; officiating Deacons, in dalmatics; assistant Priests,-Messrs. Sum ner and M'Encroe, attired in costly copes; the Bishop Elect, in sacerdotal vestments and richly, embroidered white cope, attended by the Right Rev. Dr. Pompallier, Bishop of Marouea, and tdie Very'Rev. Cathedral Prior, Dr. Gregory, V,G., both in splendid copes wrought in gold. The pro cession closed with his Grace the Archbishop, the Consecrator, full robed in all the various insignia of his high office, bearing in his hand the pastoral staff, thickly studded with gems inlaid with gold and silver. The procession, which extended from the cloister to the high altar, presented a very solemn and imposing effect. Arrived in the sanctuary, the Right Rev. Dr. Viard, Bishop Elect, conducted by Ihis two assistants, on being presented, bowed profoundly to the Con secrator, who was seated in front of the altar. His Grace the Consecrator was then addressed by Dr. Pompallier, the senior assistant Bishop, to the effect ofpromoting the Elect to the.Episcopacy. The Apostolic Mandate being called for, and read by the Rev. Dean M'Encroe, notary, and the usual oath of spiritual fealty and obedience administered, the Bishop Elect, and assistants, took their seats. The examination of the Elect was then entered upon according to the usual forms, and to the ancient discipline. He was interrogated by the Consecrator, first, concerning the doctrine of the Trinity, and next, on divers causes and conduct per taining to the new dignity to which he was about to be raised To all and each the interrogatories of the Consecrator, the Elect rising from his seat and bowing, returned suitable answers. -He promised to conform to and obey, and to teach to the people the divine scriptures, to keep the traditions of the Or thodox Fathers, the constitutions of the Holy Apos tolic See. He testified his belief in die Creed, the Old and New Testaments, in the law, the Prophets and Apostles come from one God and Lord Almighty. The Mass was then proceeded with down to the Alleluia, or last verse of the tract, or sequence; the Elect in die meanwhile, led by his assistants to his own chapel on the Epistle side, also read the Mass down to the same point as the Consecrator. Recon ducted then by his assistants, the Elect returning to the middle of the high altar, made a profound obeisance to the Consecrator, who remained seated and mitred, and addressed to him an admonition according to the Pontifical. The Bishops then,and assistants, knelt down and chaunted the litanies of the saints, during which the Elect lay prostrate in front of the altar. At the conclusion of the Litanies, the Archbishop or Consecrator, standing and mitred, laid on the shoulders of the Elect, kneeling, the Book of the Gospels, signifying thereby the burden of the epis copal office. Then, with both hands imposed on the Elect, the Consecrator first, then the assistant Bi shops, prayed that the Elect might receive the Holy Ghost. The above form, with the accompanying ceremo nies and prayers, having been gone through with an imposing solemnity, tihe assistant Bishop pro ceeded to bind with a fillet the head and hands of the Elect, the Consecrator meanwhile entoning from the altar the hymn, Veni Creator Spiritus, which was sung in an effective manner by the choir. During the chaunting of the Veni Creator the Elect was anointed with holy chrism, the pastoral crozier and ring were presented to him, the Book of the Gospels was committed to his keeping, and in fine hlie was admitted to the kiss of peace. After the Gospel of the day, sung by the deacon, the Rev. M. Rocher, the Archbishop, robed in full pontificals, and being seated in front of the altar, delivered a sermon to a very crowded and attentive audience, among whom we noticed many Protestant families, military and naval officers, and several distinguished personages, not only from the city, but also from the environs--Woolloomooloo Hall, Darlinglhurst, Surry Hills, Pyrmont, &c.;, &c.;, who had come to witness this service, the second only which had ever been performed in this Colony, the first being that of the esteemed Bishop of Adelaide. We regret that we are unable to give more than an outline of the excellent sermon preached by the Archbishop. The text was St. Paul's Epistle to Titus, 1 c., 5 v.-" For this cause I left thee in Crete, that thou shouldst set in order the things that are wanting, and shouldst ordain priests in every city, as I also appointed thee." The preacher set forth in the clearest manner that the same means are now employed for propagating, confirm ing, and perpetuating the Church of God, that were in use nearly eighteen hundred years ago, when St. Paul selected and consecrated Titus Bishop of Crete; that as St. Paul, in appointing Titus, acted with a calm consciousness of power from above, so lhad the successors of St. Peter, to whom the Lord cave the care of his Church on earth, to rule in his name and by his authority, from die earliest period of her history, sent forth apostolic men, to bring within her saving sphere nations and tribes, islands and continents ;-that the paternal solicitude of the Father of the faithful thus took within its range the entire earth, in its length and breadth; and in the plenitude of his apostolic power, he transmitted to the duly qualified objects of his choice those spi ritual faculties required to extend and to establish the Church of Christ;-that in all these proceed ings he asked not for support from dithe arm of flesh, he asked not for counsel from the wisdom of the earth; he trusted to die power committed to him long before any empire now existing had com menced. How uniform, yet how majestic, was the" work of God! What grandeur was there not in the repetition of such similar acts of power as were not measured by the duration of earthly dynasties, yet all emanating from onie single impulse-from one communication of omnipotent, immortal energy, the breath of the living God, animating from the beginning until the end of time his undying Church !i We could have wished that some of the many self-constituted preachers and interpreters of the Scriptures had heard his Grace explain those words of the Apostle-" Neither doth any man take to himself the honour, but he that is called as Aaron was"; and showing; from the example of Christ, who did not affect the Jionomus of the priesthood without a solemn appointment from his heavenly Father, that mortals should not presume to claim or exercise that oflficewithout a similar appointment. And how (he asked) are we to ascertain the proofs of this appointment P By deriving it from the Apostles through an unbroken series of legitimate successors, to wliom, in dithe langulage addressed to thel Apostles, Christ gave his last solemn com mission, together with the assurance of his unceas ing protection. How glorious was it tocontemplate the Catholic Church, subsiating unchanged for the unexampled duration of eighteen centuries, and em bracing in its history all that was elevated or enlijght ened; like one of the ancent pyramids stantding i undccayed and undiminished, while around it had arisen sects like heaps of sand, which in the whirl. wind had attained their height, and then fallen to an undistinguished level. Uniii-e those was the Catho lie Church, ever moving on, unconfined by space, unlimited in duration, unconscious of chang, secure of immortality, possessing a persevering identity of spirit, which spread throughout ages and empires an animating unity of existence. What she was in the first age, that would she be in the last; what she was amidst the splendours of the cap tl of the Christian world, that she was in the remotest isles of the Southern hemisphere. Was -that accomplished by human power ? If so, where was that power to be found ? Was it the effect of supersition ? Im possible, how could that be superstition, to which the most learned bent alike with the most uneducated, which threw its mantle alike over ages and empires ? Could they designate by the name of superstition, that by which the world had been civilized; man taught his duties, and his rights; crowned heads rebuked, and the poor man lifted up from his lowli ness ? His Grace then, in a clear and lucid manner, combatted the objections commonly urged against Catholicdoctrines, and having alluded to the changes and divisions in the various bodies separated from the Catholic Church; to their ministry, under one form to-day, and another to-morrow, while the Ca tholic Church, the stem of the true ministry, like the rod of Aaron, which continued to blossom, whilst those of the sectaries withered, continued to throw out her branches filling the earth, so that all the nations thereof might sit under her shade. His Grace concluded, after an explanation of the ceremonies employed by the Church on occasion of episcopal consecration, by addressing himself to the Bishop Elect, in language the sweetest, the most beautiful, and the most affecting we ever heard. After the sermon, the Mass was proceeded with as far as the offertory, which said, the consecrator re sumed his seat with his mitre; the assistants then led to him the consecrated, who, on his knees offered to him two lighted torches, two loaves, two barrels of wine, at the same time kissing reverently his hand as hle received them. Both the consecrator and the consecrated then proceeded to the same altar, pro ceeding together in the mass, there being but one host and one chalice only for both. There was something very imposing in the silence and still ness pervading the assemblage during the whole of this solemn service, notwithstanding the unusual crowd of persons'that filled, the sacred edifice. Nought was heard to distractthe attention, but the solemn peal of the great bell as it slowly tolled dur ing the time of the elevation. Before the Communion the consecrator gave the peace to the consecrated, who in turn gave it to the assisistant Bishops, the senior first, saying to each, " Peace be with yon," and they answering, " And with thy spirit." The consecrated then received the communion from the consecrator, standing and reverently re clining, and after the purification both proceeded in the mass. After the blessing commenced the ceremony of investing the consecrated with the insignia of his office. The consecrator at first placed on his head the mitre, symbolical of the shield of faith, by which to combat his spiritual enemies ; then placed on his finger the ring, signifying his spiritual marriage with the Church of Christ; and lastly, raising him by the hand, enthroned him in his own seat, and presented to him the pastoral staff, emblem of the spiritual authority lie was to exercise over his flock. Turning then towards the altar, and standing, lie entoned the solemn Te Deumr,during the clhaunting of which the newly consecrated, habited in full pon tificials, was conducted by his assistant bishops to the body of tie Cathedral, for the purpose of im parting to the congregation his benediction, the first act of his episcopal office. After this the whole procession returned in the same order as they came from the cloisters. At the close of his consecration, and during the entire day, several came to receive the blessing of this mild, amiable, and zealous successor of the apostles, and I to wish him success in the wide and laborious sphere of his labours amidst the islands of the pacific. 