Mauritius. — We have often commented on the profligate extortions of this market. Wr now give a glaring specimen below; but we are not enabled to confine our censure of our neigh bours to extortion: we fear that a much graver charge lies against the agents at Port Louis. It is deliberately stated to us by experienced, traders that these worthire, being More interested in the Cape trade, sacrifice us to that interest; and we have been assured by impartial visitors that if we wish not to be robbed, we must have our own salesman established there. The sale of ' Lucifer' as unsound for half his value, and directly afterwards entering him to run for a plate, which he won, are rather indicatory of what our grandfathers, simple souls, would have called 'swindling.' Of course it was uo such thing. The agents are 'all honourable men'; but as long as we trust Mauritius agents to sell our produce against Cape produce, the South - East trade will be found very favourable for the produce, but adverse to the return of the pro ceeds. The Isle of France is a market which it will well pay South Australia and us to wrench out of the hands of its present agents by estab lishing our own, exclusively devoted to us: — Sales of and charges on, the following horses, imported per 'Cumberland' and sold by the undersigned, on account of F. C. Singleton, Esq. Sold at auction by Saundly. Dollars. 1 horse for 270 I ditto 100 370 Auction charges 18 352 Charges. drs. cts. Quay dues. 0 16 Lighterage 4 0 Leading to stables 0 50 Stabling expenses 13 90 Paid grooms, &c; 13 34 Paid order to Von Bibra 10 0 Freight, £22, and 5 per cent 115 50 Commission, 5 per ceut. .. 17 60 175 Nett proceeds 177 Davy & Robinson. Port Louis, April 30, 1846. ; Cheese. — We were much pleased, a week or two since, to see several very palatable cheeses brought down by Mr. Cooke, of Northam, for tale at Mr. Shenton's; but we were really sur prised at the truly admirable cheeses since sent tip from Mr. Chapman's, at, the Va6se, for sale at Messrs. Samson's. Indeed we are not afraid to say that the latter would fairly compete with Cheshire and double Gloucester. They are cer tainly at Icastcqual, if not superior, to any we ever see imported here. It \s to be hoped that tho supply will be abundant, and at a lower price ; for the present rate, Is. 6d. per Ib., prohi bits their general use. LEATHER,—Our colonial manufactures are gradually increasing, thanks to a few spirited in dividuals. A quantity of leather of various sorts, and in general of admirable . quality, has been manufactured by oiir indefaligubly enterprising townsman Mr. Stpkcs, and is now on sale at Mr. Shenton's, as well as at the establishment, it is to be hoped that the public will give it a just pre ference over importations. Free Ports. — The '' vcxata qucestio' as to . the freedom of Singapore has been lately set at rest. By custom, all ships went and departed, taking or leaving, what goods they- pleased, without inquiry ; French ships bringing Dutch geods, and so. on ; but, in order to show that this was not a matter of right, a Danish vessel with French goods was lately stopped and obliged to go to sea undischarged, but only to an adjacent island ; when, the right being established by the Crown, she was allowed to return, and all goes on as before. So it seems that Singapore is a ' iree port*' not of right, but of courtesy. « m mm » . Flour. — Since striking off our PricesCurrent, we learn that a reduction has taken place in the price of this commodity — namely, fine flour, 2£4. per lb. ; 20 per cent, ditto, 2d. . The Reformation in Germany.— Many of our readers may not be exactly aware of the character fond principles of this extraordinary event, under the influence of which the Roman hereBy is fast crumbling into dust in Germany. We therefore offer a short summary of its lead ing features. The gown is worn, as. of old, by the. clergy. The service is performed in the mother tongue. Music is restrained within due limits, onJy calcu lated to promote, devotion. Catechisms and sermons are given in the afternoon. AH festivals not noticed by law are abolished ; these are care fully observed. Baptism, marriage, and burial, are performed without fees. Posture and all minor forms are left free to any point not ap proaching superstition. No claims allowed to any particular scats in church ; no individual advantages in the mercy and love of the Univer sal Father presumptuously granted, or more im piously sold. No service of the Church j-erfprme3 for money. The cohTcesibn ofittith is extremely loose, and leaves nh opening, we fear, for the future melting away of all religion under the subdividing and perverting influence of continually multiplying schism. It commences with a declaration that ' the Holy Scriptures alone arid entirely consti tute the foundation of tho Chriaiian faith ;' but tixei no interpretation on any subject, leaving such entirely ' to reason penetrated and moved by Christian pi inciplti.' It proceeds to declare merely belief in the Father, as Creator and Governor of the world ; in the Son, as Saviour ; ' in the Holy Ghost ; a holy universal Church of Christ, the forgiveness of sins, and the life everlasting.' It renounces ' the supremacy of the Pope, and authority. of the hierarchy ;' and ' refuses beforehand all concessions' which the latter may make. ' to brinp the liberated Church once more under its yoke.'* It rejects auriculur confession, unless where voluntarily proposed ; celibacy, intercession of Saints, adoration of relics arid images, indulgences, prescribed fasts, pilgrimages, and all institutions conducing ' to an unmeaning sanclifieation of works.' Two Sacraments only, Baptism, infant and adult, and the Lord's Supper in both kinds, are acknow ledged. Traneubslantiation is repudiated as a modern heresy ; marriage U treated as a holy institution, to which the blessing of the Church is necessary : no restrictions as to relationship on this subject, save those of the law of the land. ' The first duty of the Cluistian is that of prov ing faith by works.' The ' priests or ministers,' so called, ore in vested and supposed to be consecrated by the con gregation, by laying on of hands. Several alterations in the service and a new translation of the Bible are in preparation. We are not dis posed to travel out of the province of a lay journal by discussing the merits of this move ment, further than to remark that, from the total ward of balance in the importance of the points, and the absence of arrangement an a whole, it seems not merely to have lost all claim as a guide or authority, by attempting to invent a creed, doctrine, and discipline, instead of humbly re verting to those of the ancient Apostolic Church, stripped of the additions of modern Romanism, but to have been formed by ' a debate earnest and, protracted,' in which some better-harmonised system was pulled in pieces and sacrificed to a war of opinions and a treaty of temporary con cessions, soon to blaze out in renewed schism, with the tropical vegetation of German acade mies ; in which all conflicting 6ects 6erve but to mature the growth of 'Transcendental' Infideli ty. It is yet very young. It may be blessed, and settle down into a mother revered by her children, and leading them, with a firm and dis ciplined hand, to Heaven ; but we fear it has begun badly, and is more likely to propagate chaotic dissent. ' Of one thing we are, however, certain — that in some way it will be made an instrument of good. 