ADDRESS OF THE FREE CHURCH TO THE REV. MESSRS. RONGE. CZERSKY, DR. THEINER. AND OTHER MEMBERS AND FRIENDS OF THE NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH IN GERMANY. (Concluded from our last.) j Itcspected Pastors,-A. few other points might, perhaps, he noticed, but these are tile most important. We beg it may he understood we do not charge you or your flocks with holding the views on which we have animadverted thus freely. It is pos- sible that you hold the Articles of the Con- fession of Faith, on which we have been commenting, in n correct und orthodox sense ; but the language, at least, is open to serious misunderstanding, and the points involved are so important, especially at the starting of a new Catholic Church, that you will forgive our anxiety in pointing out what, in common with all sound evangelical Churches, we believe to he both erroneous and dangerous. It cannot be too frequently or too earnestly pressed upon our minds, that the Word of God, as spiritually dis- cerned, is the only rule of faith and duty ; that it is perfect, so as not to admit of any change or improvement with the progress of time ; and that the relation of men to the Christian Church, and their separation from it, must be determined by the princi- ples and rules which the Word supplies, and not by notions of human reason or liberty. If God has spoken, we may be sure that his mind admits of being ascer- tained ; and if so, that it is our imperative duty to know, believe, and obey it alone, It is this which constitutes thc grand dis- tinction between the religion of God and the religions of men-the one is determined by the Inspired Word ; the others, by the mind of men, whether reason or supersti- tion. Rejoicing to learn that, as befits your position, there is a strong desire for tho Word of God among your people, and anxious at the same time to testify our so- lemn conviction, that this is the exclusive standard and store-house of divine truth, we shall bc glad to aid, in any way which may be deemed most desirable, in furnish- ing you with copies of the Sacred Volume, Many of our people have already, and for years, contributed to the dissemination of the Scriptures in your native language in the northern parts of Germany ; and no- thing would rejoice our hearts more than to put into the hands of all your people, copies of the Word of God, and to call upon them to read, and study, and interpret its pages for themselves-subject to no au- thority, save a solemn sense of responsibi- lity to the Author of the Bible, and humble and prayerful dependence on thc Holy Spirit, to enable them to understand and receive the truths nnd rules revealed. Meanwhile, as a token of our good will, and anxiety to he of spiritual service to you, we have been nt the pains to obtain a translation into your language of a brief and popular summary of our religious fnith and practice as a Church, of which we beg your acceptance, and to which wc call your earnest attention-"The Shorter Catechism of the Westminster Assembly of Divines, with Scripture Proofs," We may add, that the summary is one in which, with few exceptions, al the branches of the Church of Christ in Scotland, though differing on matters of external order and administra- tion, cordially agree ; mid that it constitutes the primary religious instruction which all our Scottish youth receive, and which has had an important influence in forming the national character. We cannot doubt that there is very much of it, if not all, in which you will concur. You will observe that it describes the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments as not only a rule (as if there were others), but " the only rule to direct us how we may glorify and enjoy God." , You will nlso remark, thnt it brings pro- minently forward the doctrine of gratuitous salvation. Permit us, in conclusion, to advert to this as one of the chief peculiarities of di- vine revelation. The .33rd question asks : " What is Justification ?" The answer is : "Justification is an act of God's free grace, wherein he jiardoneth nil our sins, and nccepteth us as righteous in his sight, only for the righteousness of Christ, imputed to us, and received by faith alone." We have had no opportunity of certainly learning from your publications which have reached this country, whether this be a leading doc- trine of the New German-Catholic Church or not. We earnestly trust that it may bc so. We are persuaded that it is a grand doctrine of thc Word of God-that it lies at the foundation of many other doctrines, and that it is so important as to give a character to the entire religious system of which it forms a part. We are persuaded that it constitutes the leading distinction between the religion of God, and all the religions of men-in other words, between what is true nnd what is false, in thc most important interests of men for time and for eternity. It is the antagonist of Rome at every point. What question can compare for one moment in importance with the question : How a perishing sinner may be justified with God ? and what answer can surpass in interest and preciousness the reply, that he is justified-not by works, services, or sacrifices of his own, or of his priest -but by the free mercy of God, through the righteousness of the Lord Jesus Christ, the one High Priest, received by faith-that he is pardoned and accepted by God, in a way which lays an immédiate foundation for peace, and holiness, and joy 1 Suffer us to invite your attention, and that of your flocks, with all affection and ear- nestness, to this great and most important of doctrines. Apart from a correct under- standing and cordial reception of it, any abandonment of Rome is a mere lopping off of a few superfluous branches, while the root and substance of the tree remain the same. What avails it to carry your peo ple out of the Church of Rome, if they are still to expect to be saved in tho same way -by their own works in one form or ano- ther? Besides, men standing on the same foundation with Rome, will have a strong tendency, when tempted, to return to her communion. They have, after all, made no real chnnge. There is one feature in your writings which have reached us, with which we have been much struck, and in which we need scarcely add that we cordially sympathize. We mean your hatred of op- pression, and your love of liberty and free- dom. It is a precious boon-valuable in itself and valuable in its bearing upon everything else. Like health, its value can scarcely he exaggerated. The kingdom of Christ is indeed the freest kingdom on earth. But permit us to remind you, thnt there are few, if any, religious doctrines, which so immediately affect it, ns thc doc- trine of salvation hy free grace without works. That doctrine in the highest inte- rests of man, sets him completely free from the thraldom of his fellows-from the im- positions of the Church of Rome. It brings salvation to him nt once, and directly from God ; and its sense and benefits are kept alive by the free, prayerful, and perpe- tual usc of the Holy Scriptures-at once the sign and the instrument of religious freedom. On every account then-for your own sakes, and for tho sakes of those who are to arise after you-from the value of the doctrine in itself, and in its consequences upon other doctrines-from its influence on general religious liberty-let us encourage you to study well the grent doctrine of gratuitous salvation-to be familiarly and experimentally acquainted with it-to give it the pre-eminence in your teaching which it possesses in the Word of God, and never to forget that it lies at the foundation of all real and permanent reformation in the Christian Church. Ecclesiastical tyranny on thc one hand, and thc enthusiastic love of freedom on the other, the applause, too, of men, mav lead for a time to important religious changes; but all history proclaims that it is only where this central truth of divine revelation is understood and propa- gated, that the individual soul can be blessed with peace and purity, and that the reform of the collective Church cnn be permanent and truly worthy of a sacrifice. If the doctrine of salvation by the free grace of God, without works or deeds of law be so important, the foundations upon which this doctrine proceeds, and thc other truths which are essential to its success, cannot be less precious, such as the divinity of tho Son, and the Deity and personality of the Holy Spirit. The Church of Home and some Protestants unworthy of the name, may neutralize or deny these glorious doctrines-the one hy raising a creature to thc rank of a divine Redeemer-thc other hy rejecting the divinity of the Son altoge- ther ; but those who bow to the supremacy of thc "Word, know from its testimony, ns well as their own experience, thnt it is only on the ground of a divine atonement having linen rendered, that a freo salvation can bo offered; and that such are the depra- vity and mond weakness of man, after all, that nothing short nf the grace of a divino agent, even the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Godhead, can persuade thc sinner to accept nf the gratuitous salvation which has been provided, or to walk forward in tho way of a holy and joyful obedience. In conclusion, permit us to offer our ear- nest hope, that while you abandon the false doctrine of Rome, and are kept from Ibo false doctrine of many bearing the Protest- ant name, you will also be delivered your- selves, and strive, by God's grace, to deliver your flocks from the corrupt practices nf (he world, sunk in slothfulness and sin. There most be a correct evangelical creed, in order to scripturally moral conduct and practice. But there may be a correct creed without a correspondingly correct deportment ; and therefore, do we beseech you, for your own sakes, and for the sakes of your people, but especially for the honour of divine truth before men, that you be separated from every ovil work, from all unlawful compliances with the spirit and course of thc world, yea, that you adorn the doctrine of Christ, so that no enemy shall have it in his power to «ny that your separation from Rome was dictated by a desire to escape from the restraints of self-denial, and to live as you pleased in carelessness and sin. You cannot be jeno rant that the great mass of men judge of a religious system, and of a Christian Church hythe moral and spiritual character of its supporters. They have no other mode of judgment. May the character of the office bearers and members of the New Catholic Church be so noted for nonconformity to the world-for purity, humility, gentleness, loyalty, benignity, that all spectators shall be constrained to draw the inference that you belong to the school and family of Jesus. We, as a Committee of the Free Church of Scotland, shall be delighted lo hear from you by letter, or should any of your number visit our country, to show you every Christian kindness in person. Meanwhile, we pray that, proceeding on the exclusive authority of the word of God, you may know and teach the doctrines to which we have referred more and more, and rejoice in their preciousness. We also pray that you may be the instru- ments of making them known yet more and more extensively, that you may be guided in all your perplexities and sustained in all your difficulties by the grace of God and the Spirit, and that you may be the honoured in- struments in his hands of rearing a temple dedicated to Jehovah, destined never to pass away. JOHN G. LORIMER, Convener. Edinburgh, July. 1815. 