THE GREAT APOSTACY ; OR.THE CHURCH OF ROME PROVED NOT THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, But the Greatest Enemy to Christ , to His Doctrine, and to His Religion. an answer to cobbett's history of the bbfor m ati on. i—O The great object of monachism was (to use the language of Lingard, tbe ablest and most<.temperate apologist it bad) 44 to support a race of men, whose lives were devoted solely to the service' of their Creator." Now, at first sight this seems to be a very reasonable and pious object ; but let it be examined a little, and it will be found to possess neither of these attributes. If it be proved not to be reasonable, it will be proved also not to be pious; for nothing can be pious that is not reasonable, piety being the most reasonable thing in the world. The monastic life often was embraced from an idea that true de votion and Christian perfection were only attainable by abandoning tbe world, and seeking in retirement to pleas God by continual prayers and mortifica tion, But this is a great mistake, and it is a reflec tion upon the Gospel of Christ to suppose it. Christ brought his religion down from heaven not to make its professors fly from the world, but to 44 shine as lights in tbe world,"— to enable them to practise devotion at all times and in all estates. description of a monastery. A monastery is a convent, or house built for the reception of the religious— whether it be abbey, priory, nunnery; or the like. The word monastery is only properly applied to the houses of monks, mendicant friars, and nuns j the rest are more pro. perly called religious houses. There is the rum of a monastery at Birkenhead beautifully situated near the mouth of the estuary of the Mersey, opposite to the town of Liverpool, at the side of Wallesley Pool. This priory was founded about the year 1260, by Hamon de Masci, third Baron of Dunham Massey, in honor of St. Mary, St. James, for sixteen monks of the Benedictine orler. Theprior of this content had many privi- legjs, which need not be here particularized ; one, ho veyer, was the right of ferrying passengers from Birkenhead to Liverpool, and of building houses for. their accommodation, and making suitable cha'tres for their provisions. The charges of the forrtrwereas follow: two pence for a horseman ; a lartbing for one on foot— but on a Saturday, the Liverpool market.day, a halfpenny for a man j and for a man and what he may carry; a penny. The site of Birkenhead Priory is on a rock of red sand stone, the eastern side of which is washed by. the Mersey, and the south side defended by a small creek. The other sides of the adjacent grounds are formed by the road leading to the neighbouring ferry-house of Wood side. Many of the monasteries owed their foundation to the superstition and to the vices of the rich, who at their death bequeathed estates to the monasteries, in order that their souls might be assisted, by the prayers of the monks, to escape the punishment which awaited them in the eternal world. Hence a very important branch of the duty of monks was to say prayers and masses for the dead ; yet th»s labour, which was useless as the attempt to was an E thiopian white, was comparatively harmless if it had not a direct tendency to encourage sin, and to cast dishonour on the all-sufficient atonement of the Saviour of the world. It would be an endless work to detail all the absurdities which were practised within the precincts of monasteries. Tlieir sprink- lihg with holy water, prostration before the crucifix, addressing their abbot or superior on their knees, calling him 41 my lord," rising at midnight to say their offices, daily worship of the Virgin Mary, St. Peter and other saints, the discipline of the whip, and a thousand other superstitious practices, render these monks objects of scorn and pity. Before I exhibit some of the effects of monkery on the community and on individuals, I will detain the reader a lew minutes, while be takes a peep with me into the interior of a Capuchin friary. The Capuchins boast, that of ail the orders of the Romish Chuich theirs is the most anstere and per fect. They owe their origin to Matthew dfe Bassi, who having seen St. Francis represented with a sharp pointed capuche, or cowl, began to wesr the like in 1525, with the permission of Clement VII. The leader may rely on the truth of the following picture ; it is taken from a scarce volume, called, "The Monk's Hood piill'd off; or the Capuchin Fryar described."— The first part composed by the grent and good Du Moulin, of France, the second by Mr. Clovet, once a iamous Capuchin. The day, with these monks, begms at midnight, a little before which time he that warns them to rise goes round by their chamber doois with a kind of cymbal, which they call a tanabas, being like those instruments of wood with which those of the Romish communion are called to their churches three days before Easter, when the bells are silent. At this ynise the sleeping friars rouse, rub their ears, shake /ff their fleas, and go into the choir to sing matins (prayers, &c.;) They that would be dispensed with, 'need only say to this officer, Brother, I am indis posed, pass on further. When matins are ended, having invoked all the saints, male nnd female, in paradise, they began to whip themselves, after the manner mentioned in the 8tli chapter of the Ca- 44 To s»y prayers and masses for the dead." How nnscriutural, licentious, and destructive is the pray ing for the dead ! This is a genuine offspring of the apostate Church of R<>me. Wicked men may take their fill of sin, and then flatter themselves that they may escape hell and damnation through the loop hole of purgatory. A rich wicked man is sure to escape perdition at last, if he but leave a portion of that money to the priests, or Church, which he can no longer enjoy in this world, for masses for his soul ; while a poor sinful man take his chance, and get out of purgatory as he can. Where in Holy Scrip ture is anything found like this piactice? "The blood of Jesus Christ his Soncleanseth from all sin" (1 John i. ?,) is the. glorious testimony of the word of Cod. Let us Protestants thank God that we are delivered from such Popish inventions, by_the Re formation. What folly it is to offer prayers' idr tlie dead, seeing the elect are departed to heaven, and therefore need not their prayers, and the reprobate are departed to hell, and so no prayers can avail them, The testimony of the 3ist Article of the. Church of England" is singularly clear and scriptural on this point; it is as. follows :— 44 The offering of Christ once made, is that perfect redemption, propitiation, and satisfaction for all the sins of the whole world, both original and actual, and there is none other satisfaction fot sin, but that alone. Wherefore the sacrifices of masses, in the which it was commonlysaid, that the priest did offer Christ for the quick ami the dead, to have remission of pain and guilt, wne blasphemous fables, and dangerous deceits." pnchin.f Many make more noise than they are hurt, others strike against tbe benches to spare their buttocks'; and all this while they sing, with open mouth, the 5lst Psalm,— 44 Have mercy," tec. There be some that make themselves bleed in good earnest, and with much whipping harden their skin like tbe leather of a postillion's breeehes ; lor these poor people think they shall go to heaven the sooner for their much whipping themselves. The whips which they nse are disciplines ; some are made of small iron chains, and some of small cords full of knots, at the end of which some of them put iron rowels. These whips consist, some of five strings, in honour of the five wounds of Jesus Christ, and some ol seven, to punish the seven mortal sins. After these skirmishes, the superior biesseth them all, and then they disperse themselves to make that prayer which they call mental : and that they may recollect themselves the belter, the windows are shut. This prayer must continue an hour, and then they go to a great fire, about which they make a thou sand frisks, and cut as many capers. When they are well warmed, they go to sleep till six o'clock in winter, and five in summer. A little before the clock strikes they are awaked by the strokes of a club on their cbamber-doors, and they return loto the choir to sing first and third (certain devo tions), and after that the conventual mass (the ordi nary mass of ike monastery ) for the good friends of the monastery. After these spiritual exercises they betake them selves to corporeal ones : the cooks repair to the kitchen, the gardeners go to work in the garden, some go to their studies, some fetch a walk, some make crosses for the rest, some make reliques for their devout clients, and some pass the time in talk, ing 3rc. About half an hour after nine the bells rings sixth and ninth, after which offices they give some strokes on a broken pick-axe, instead of a beil, which is done in zeal to poverty At the noise of these blows they all go into the dining-room, and one after tbe other kiss the ground, and then stand in order waiting for their superior. Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays , having kissed the ground, they attend on their knees, the coming in of the superior, who, having liewise kissed tbe ground, turns about to the rest. Then the eldest of them pats off bis cloak in respect, clasps his hands, bangs down his head on his knees, and says, Bene. dicte Father, I confess my fault, I am an unhappy wretch, I have broken a platter; another says, I am more than a devil, 1 have broken a cup; another, 1 am a blockhead. I was like to have burnt tbe monas tery. To these childish confessions are enjoined, on tbe very same place, penances suitably ridiculous, to which 1 add the following: They make hitn that liath sung too low in tlie choir to put the coverlet of his bed on his back, like a cape, and a staff in his hand, like a chanter of the chapter; and as he walks along by tbe tables he rings Magnificat with false notes. When these and many such-like follies are ended they, rise and go to tbe altar, where every one says three Paters (the Lord's prayer in Latin,) for those who give them their dinner, alter which they walk in the garden. About two of tbe clock the keeper of the vestry (or the sexton) strikes five times on tbe broken pick axe; this is called silence, at the sound whereof tbey all to sleep for an hour. At four of the clock they riug the Completorium (the last evening service,) after which they make about forty prayers to the Virgin Mary, an I then they make the mental prayer. In the winter they whip themselves as soon as this prayer is ended, instead ofdoing it in the night, to avoid the severity of the cold. One of tbe greatest earls in France, being once by chance in a monastery, and hearing the great noise they made, thought the heavens were falling; and receiving a lash with a whip, cried out for help, which at that time put a stop to their exercise. About seven o'clock the devoutest of them go to examine their consciences, before the altar, after Which the superior sings some prayers, which being ended, they all stretch out their arms crosswise, and lay five Paters; then one of them, kissing his hand, presentetb him with the brush dipt in holy water, which he sprinkles on their heads, to wash away their venial sins. But it is time to proceed to exhibit the effects of monastic institutions. the effects of monastic institutions. "The discovery of many cheats in images, of many figured miracles, and counterfeit relics, brought the monks every wheie into disgrace." But these evils were not confined to English monastic institu tions ; they .were the common and natural fruits of this branch of the Papal tree. It matteis not in what soil or in what kingdom this tree is planted, the effect is still the same ; and as I am on the effects of these kinds of institutions, 1 shall here make a large quotation, which is unquestionably true, which will exhibit the interior of a monastery. The pro digious swarms of monks that overspread Europe, in the sixteenth century, were universally considered as cumherers of the ground, and occasioned murmurs and complaints everywhere; nevertheless, such was the genius of the age, that these men would have re mained undisturbed, had they taken the least pains to preserve any remains even of the external air of decency and religion that used to distinguish them in former times. But the Benedictine aud the other monkish fraternities broke through all restraint, made the worst possible use of their opulence, and, forgetful of the gravity of their character and of the laws of their order, rushed headlong into the shameless practice of vice in all its various kinds and degrees- They were perpetually employed in stigmatising with the opprobrious mark of heresy numbers ot learned and pious men, in encroaching upon the r ghts and properties of others to augment their own possessions, and in layiug the most ini quitous snares and stratagems for the destruc ion of their adversaries ; and they were the principal coun- sellers by whose instigation aud advice Leo X. was determined to that most rash and imprndent mea sure, the public condemnation of Luther. The tragedy just alluded to is given in a note by the translator of Mosheim, as follows; the contrivance and discovery of an impious fraud of the dominicans. The stratagem in question was the consequence of rivalship between the Franciscans and Domini cans, and more especially of their controversy con cerning the immaculate conception of the Virgin Mary. The former maintained that she was born without the. blemish of original sin ; the latter as serted the contrary. The doctor of the Franciscans, in an age of darkness and superstition, could not bn: bs popular; and hence the Dominicans lost ground from day to day. To support the credit of their order, they resolved, at a clu ptcr held at Vimpsen, in the year 1504, to have reconrse to fictitious visions and dreams, in which the people at that time had an easy faith ; and they determined to make Berne the scene of their operation. A person named Jetzer, who was extremely simple, and much in clined to austerities, aud who had taken their habit as a lay brother, was chosen as the instrument of tbe delusions they were contriving. One of the Dominicans who had undertaken the management ol this plot, conveyed himself secretly into Jetzei's cell, and about midnight appeared to him in a horrid figure, surrounded — ith howling dogs, aud seemed to blew fire from his nostrils, by means ol a box of combustibles which he held near his month. In this fright! ul form he approached Jetzer's bed, aad told him that he was the ghost of a Dominican, who had been killed at Paris, as a judgment of heaven for laying aside his monastic habit ; that he was condemned to purgatory fot his crime; adding, at the same time, that by his means he might be rescued from his misery, which was beyond expression. This story, accompanied with horrible cries and bowlings, frighted poor Jelzer out of the little wits he had, and engaged hira to promise to do all that was in his power to deliver the Domi nican from his his torment. Upon this tbe impostor told hitn, that nothing but the most extraordinary mortification— such as the discipline of tbe whip, performed during eight days by the whole monastery, and Jetzer's lying prostrate, in the form of one cru- cified, could contribute to bis deliverance; and con. eluded by saying, that he would appear to him again, accompanied by two other spirits. f By the constitution of the order, the Capuchins whfp'themselves three times a week, at two o'clock aft,ef midnight, on Sundays, Tuesdays, and Thurs days. This they do in imitation of St. Francis, who being one day troubled with a certain temptation, lashed himself very severely with his cord, saying thus to himself, Go to, brother ass, thou must stay, and be whipped thus. But, besides this whipping, aud the torments inflicted on his own body, the devils whipt him often, and very .rudely; but the blessed saint gave proof that he received all this with joy. f One day," saith his biographer, Bona- ventnre, 44 the devils', beat him so sorely that they left him half dead."— Bonav. Vita Franeisci , p. 38» Surely God never requires such seraphis piety as this from any mortal man ! Yet this is the mon strous piety which is bred in the stagnant marshes of Popery. 