THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH IN AUSTRALIA. To the Editor of the Edinburgh Post and Record. (Continued from first puge.) In the first place he was to recommend to Her Majesty to disallow the Church Temporalities Act of 1837, for four reasons of the writers ; 2nd, to direct the Governor to authorise the payment of the salaries of the ministers of the Synod on the certificate of their Mode- rator; 3rd, to direct the Governor within one month after his return, to ascertain which or the two ministers in the Districts of Parramatta and Maidand, has the largest number of adherents, and to re- cognise the minister who had the ma- jority. In these districts there were men supported both by the Synod and the Presbytery ; 4th, to direct the Go- vernor within three months after his return to summon a General Synod of all the Presbyterian ministers in the colony to frame a system of internal Government for the Presbyterian Church and to prepare a code of discipline for the members of the Church. This long, but in some respects able, epistle was, by command of the Marquis of Normanby laid before the Acting Co- lonial Committee of the General Assem- bly of the Church of Scotland. The Committee examined the document at some length, and while they acknow- ledged the great exertions and zeal of Dr. Lang, they also exposed the fallacious arguments he had used, and proceeded at some length to show that his conduct in declaring the existing Judicatory of the Church corrupt was unwarrantable. At the time the Presbytery of New South Wales was composed of nine members, against three of these Dr. Lang had pre- ferred charges, but only against one of them was anything proved, viz., Mr. Gar- ven, who was deposed. In regard to a second, Mr. Cleland, the Presbytery in- stituted proceedings but nothing was proved against him ; the third was, Mr. now Dr. McGarvie ; an able minister in Sydney, all Dr. Lang could say against him was, in the Committees words " vague and general abuse, which the-Committee believes to be unmerited." Even sup- posing that his statements were correct, there were still six members of Presbytery altogether unexceptionable, Messrs. Tait, Smythe, Hamilton, Hetherington, and Allan, and Dr. Lang himself. There could be no doubt that if the clergymen who accompanied Dr. Lang in the Port- land, ten in all, had joined the Presbytery that it would have soon purged itself of any members whose conduct and charac- ter was improper, and therefore that Dr. Lang had no excuse for his conduct ; three of the clergymen who arrived in the Portland, Messrs. McFie, Gregor, and Forbes, placed themselves under the au- thority of the Presbytery, the others, the Rev. Messrs. Thomas Dugald, George McFie, Cunningham Aitcheson, James Fullerton, Hugh Gilchrist, and Robert Blair, with Dr. Lang, constituted them- selves into a Synod apart from the exist- ing Judicatory of the Church. The Com- mittee recommended the Secretary of State not to sanction the body so consti- tuted, while at the same time they strongly urged the advantages to be derived from the union of these rival Church Judicato- ries, which would be facilitate by the refusal or the Government to recognise the Synod. The Committee further re- pelled the statement made by Dr. Lang in his letter to the Secretary of State, that the Committee usurped a jurisdiction over the Colonial Church which it did not possess. This obstacle was invented by himself, for the Committee never did usurp such jurisdiction, and disclaims any such authority. In conclusion the Com- -mittee approved of the Act of 1837, known as the Presbyterian Church Tem- poralities Act, and expressed a firm con- viction that Dr. Lang's objections to it were substantially his objections to the Presbytery. In answer to this report Dr. Lang forwarded another long letter, ad- dressed to the Right Hon. H. Labouchere, which contained, I regret to say, mis- statements, and elicited another long reply from the acting Colonial Committee, and in reply to this Dr. Lang forwarded a letter to R. Vernon Smythe, Esq., Under Secretary for the Colonies, reiterating all his former statements and opinions. A Committee of Commission was appointed to confer with Dr. Lang, and he was brought to see that he was wrong, and left England anxious for the union of the two Judicatories, being now satisfied on the point of jurisdiction.* A bond of union was now drawn up and signed by the ministers who were members of the Presbytery as well as by those who adhered to the Synod. Dr. Lang included ; the Synod of Australia was then formed, which at the present moment contains the Presbyteries of Campbelltown, Maitland, Melbourne, Syd- ney and Windor; In addition to the set- tled clergymen there are several clergy- men preaching under the superintendence of the Synod of Australia, and there is moreover, a mission at Moreton Bay, com- posed of German Presbyterians, who for- merly adhered to the Synod of Australia, but in April, 1842, this connexion ceased at their own request, one or two of them have since joined the Synod, and been received upon their signing the Westmin- ster Confession of Faith and formulas of the church. For a considerable period the Presbyterians continued united, and men began to entertain a high opinion of them and Dr. Lang, even appeared satisfied, and declared that " the Pres- byterian Church of New South Wales was in a state of unparallelled efficiency ;" unfortunately this was but a gleam of sunshine, and it soon fell into confusion again. *See Report of the Committee on the Church of Scotland. Before Dr. Lang returned the Synod of New South Wales was received kindly by their brethren of the Presbytery, no allu- sion being made to the equivocal conduct in England of Dr. Lang ; he also signed the bond of union and entered the new Synod. In that court he was treated with no ordinary respect, and was allowed to expound his views and opinions at length and reply to any speaker whether in or out of order. It must be obverved that he had in addition to other avocations, a political journal of which he was the editor, and in which he himself abused those who happened to have offended him. In the paper of which he was the avowed editor an article appeared immediately after this meeting of Synod, reflecting upon the brethren for not having chosen him Moderator, and stating that be was slighted, and he threatened to conjure up the ghost of the old Colonist* to frighten them into propriety, or in fact to make him superior head of the Presbyterian Church in the colonies. Before this he had been appointed convener of several Committees, but he did the work his own way and never took the trouble to even convene them. Of course these unwar- rantable proceedings were far from being approved of by the other clergymen, and they thought it proper to oppose him. we find on the authority of Messrs. Tait, Fullerton and McIntyre, that he was ap- pointed Convener of the German Mission Committee, by far the most important at that time ; he kept the whole manage- ment of the Commission in his own hands and directed the affairs of the Mission Station, corresponded with the Govern- ment, and subscribed himself, without warrant or authority, Secretary to the Committee : when the Committee was coovened by order of the Moderator of the Synod, it appeared that he entailed a heavy debt upon it, having taken upon himself to pay expenses he had incurred on account of the mission in England, but which the late Treasurer, William Wright, had uniformly refuted to pay out of the funds of the mission ; the Commission of Synod were alarmed at this debt, and it was deemed advisable to forward a depu- tation to His Excellency to put him in possession of the present state of the mission, and ascertain what the Govern- ment would do towards liquidating the debt, and the Moderator with Messrs. Barker and Bowman, were appointed for this purpose. His Excellency was out of town, and the deputation was delayed until his return. When the Committee next met it was discovered that Mr. Bow- man was not present, and Mr. Tait, the Secretary, who had the minutes of the former meetings to refer to, was requested to take his place. Dr. Lang opposed this violently, and said that he ought to have been requested to go : — this dispute prevented the deputation from waiting upon the Governor at that time. Dr. Lang claimed a respect and status from the Presbyterian Church, which could not be awarded to him according to its principles, his vanity was hurt, and he could not remain only on a level with his brethren of the Presbyterian Church, he would have a standing as their head. + After this he opened a fearful tirade against them, both his paper and from the pulpit. He designated the Presby- terian ministers of the colony, or at any rate the majority of them, as unprincipled hirelings ; the Church he termed a Syna- gogue of Satan ; the three clergymen who had particularly offended him he termed the three tailors of Tooley-street, three little rascals, and other opprobrious epi- thets. In addressing his congregation upon one occasion, he said, " Where think you is the Spirit of the Lord to lift up a standard against this mortal enemy of all pure and undefiled religion (Po- pery)? Is it in the Presbyterian Church as at presant constituted ? Yes, brethren, if the Spirit of the Lord is a Spirt of the grossest worldly-mindedness and ineffi- ciency — a Spirit of envy and destruction — Spirit of strife and malevolence, it is there. To speak in sober and sorrowful earnest, the Presbyterian Church as at present constituted, is utterly inefficient as the bulwark of Protestantism in this land.'' The Presbyterians did not much relish this, and it was warmly taken up by his brethren, who proceeded in haste to depose him from the office of the mi- nistry ; the Synod of Australia met at Sydney, on the 8th October, 1842, and Dr. Lang's case was proceeded with ; the Moderator called Dr. Lang, who pre- sented himself in the church, but declined to appear at the bar. The libel against him was then read — accusing him of slan- dering is brethren of the holy ministry while dispensing the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, in the Scots Church, Jamieson-street ; and also of having formed a divisive movement in the said Church, in Jamieson-street, and of having contumaciously refused to receive the Committee appointed to confer with him, and of having refused the Rev. William McIntyre to preach in the Scots Church, Jamieson-street, after the Commission of the Synod had deposed him. The libel was found relevant, and proof was taken of the charges against him, both on that day, and on the 10th October, on the 11th the Assembly proceeded to decide what his sentence should be, and after some argument it did, by a solemn vote, depose the said John Dunmore Lang, in the name of the Great Head of the Church, and prohibited and discharged him from exercising the duties of his - fice in all time coming under the pain of the highest censure of the Church, and declared the Scots Church, Jamieson- \----------------------- *A former newspaper which he edited. \+ Set Address to the Presbyterians of New south Wales, from the Rev. John Tait, James Fullerton and William McIntyre. Published by Kemp and Fairfax, Sydney. \------------------------------- -street, vacant from and after the day and date of sentence." There are many of Dr. Lang's public actions which no person can excuse ; yet his brethren have been justly blamed by all Presbyterians for making his sentence so severe ; — these argue that, as Dr. Lang wrote to the Presbytery of Sydney, tendering his resignation, the Synod ought to have accepted it ; at this period Dr. Lang intimated his intention of pro- ceeding to New Zealand, to labor for the rest of his days in that colony, but his congregation were moved at this, and very properly requested him to remain, and upon the promise of a suitable salary from the managers of his congregation, he agreed to this. He has since conti- nued to perform the offices of a clergy- man in the Scots' Church, Jamieson-st., in contempt of the sentence of deposi- tion which the Synod passed upon him, and in contradiction of the provisions of the Temporalities Acts 7 William IV, No. 3, 4, Victoria 18 ; accordingly, this was brought before the Synod, in Oct. 1843, by a letter from Mathew Whytlaw chairman of a meeting of individuals interested in the property, and the As- sembly resolved steps to recover the pro- perty, if the opinion of Council should be favorable, and here Dr. Lang's name ceases to have anything to do with the Church, as a clergyman of it. Nothing occurred worthy of being re- corded, until the news of the great se- cession in Scotland, arrived in the month of September, 1843. The Rev. James Forbes, of Melbourne, published an ar- ticle on this startling secession, in the " Port Phillip Gazette," which avowed the principles of the Free Church. Dr. Lang, who had just been returned as a member of the Legislative Council," (by popular election) in Sydney, immediately began to agitate for the repeal of the Presbyterian Temporalities Church Act, already refered to, and he stated that all the five clergymen of Melbourne Pres- bytery had renounced the state support, and joined the Free Church, and could not receive their salaries, as they could not conscientiously accept them from the Government, while it would be hard to deprive them of that support which they required to carry on their duties. The speech which Dr. Lang made before the Council, arguing for the repeal of this Act, was a singular mixture of abuse against his brethren, and self-flattery ; the concluding portion was better, and we would extract it as affording some information, were it not that the spirit should not be encouraged. The news of this attempt astonished the Presbyterians especially in the Port Phillip district, and none appeared so much surprised as the five clergymen whom Dr. Lang had mentioned us hav - ing abandoned their livings. The Rev. James Forbes published a reply, and denied that such was the fact. Dr. Lang retaliated, and stated, that when he avowed his adherence to the Free Church, he virtually resigned his state support, because the Colonial Churches were in connection with the Established Church of Scotland. A long dispute ensued, both parties being positive, in their own opinions ; instead of following them throughout their long controversy, I shall examine the position of the Co- lonial Church, which will set the matter at rest. At the time of the disputes and divisions already referred to, the ques- tion was discussed at some length. Dr. Lang having, in his letter to Lord Nor- manby, charged the Colonial Committee of the General Assembly with usurping an appellate jurisdiction over the Pres- byterian Church in New South Wales. This was denied, and the independence of the Colonial Presbyterian Church was established beyond a doubt. We are now to refer to official documents to support our argument, and in the minutes of the Acting Colonial Committee of the Church of Scotland, dated Edinburgh, 29th June, 1839, it is stated — " Whatever they may have deemed right originally, they have now the unani- mous opinion of the Church of Scotland that they have been wrong ; and although they may repudiate a jurisdiction which has not been asserted, they cannot refuse to receive the unanimous opinion of the Church of Scotland as sufficient to satisfy them as to what is, or is not in accordance with the principles of that church. * * * Over her branches in the Colonies the Church of Scotland has never desired to retain or exercise jurisdiction ; on the contrary, her aim has ever been to en- courage them at the earliest possible period to assume to themselves the du- ties, and exercise the power of church government." Again, the following extract is from the report of the committee of the ge- neral assembly, for promoting the reli- gious interests of Scotch Presbyterians in the British colonies, dated May, 1840 — " While, however, the church of Scot- land disclaims all jurisdiction over the Presbyterian churches in the colonies, she asserts for herself certain privileges, as she is responsible for certain duties in regard to them. 1st — she considers her- self entitled to determine what judica- tories shall be recognised by her church courts, and as such, admitted to connec- tion and communion with her; and for this purpose, to judge whether they have been constituted in accordance with that polity, and those fundamental principles of government which she professes aod maintains. 2nd— In regard to those ju- dicatories recognised by her as the duly constituted church courts of the colonial branches of the church of Scotland, she is entitled and bound to tender \--------------------------- * Minutes of the Synod of Australia, A.D. , 1842, p. 19. \---------------------------- counsel, admonition, exhortation, and, it may be, reproof, so long as, from their relative extent and position, and their state of mutual feeling, such a course may be appropriate and useful ; and it is a matter of satisfaction that no colonial church court, in connection with the church of Scotland, has ever expressed any other feeling but that of gratification at this species of authority. On the contrary, strong desires have been re- peatedly expressed, that the church of Scotland would consent to exercise au- thoritative jurisdiction over, and receive appeals from, the church courts of the colonies. This, however, she has uni- formly declined to do, as not desirable for the colonial churches, and as it would create an amount of business which her courts could not be expected to undertake 3rd — With reference to ministers settled in the colonics, who have been ordained by, or received license from the church of Scotland, she cannot, and does not, abandon or renounce her jurisdiction over them individually. The exercise of such jurisdiction will be suspended while they continue members of, and subject to a church judicatory in the colonies recog- nised by the church of Scotland ; but as such persons still retain the status of ministers or licentiates of the church of Scotland, whose commission they hold, and in virtue of whose commission they exercise their functions, they can never be absolutely freed from the jurisdiction of her courts, and accordingly when circum- stances arise which call for its exercise ( as for instance when such ministers throw off subjection to the church court to whose oversight their own church had been wil- ling to entrust them) the power depended in exercise, but not abandoned, may again be called into operation ; not merely to cut off from connection with the parent church, but if neeessary, to depose, and so deprive of that character and office which the church of Scotland has bestowed, and which she must ever retain, the power to take away. " And this was approved of in the de- liverance of the General Assembly in those words " The Assembly specially ap- prove of the proceedings of the commit- tee in regard to the divisions in the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales, and express their satisfaction at the near prospect of these divisions being healed." There is not room for two opinions, the Presbyterians who maintain that the church of Scotland has an appe- late jurisdiction over the Colonial bran- ches, are at direct variance with the re- corded opinion of the General Assem- bly. it shall be my task now to make plain the reasons why Dr Lang wished it to appear that the colonial church is un- der the jurisdiction of the General As- sembly, as well as why the party in the Presbyterian church as bitterly opposed this, and declared the church indepen- dent. Dr. Lang argued that the Presbyte- rian Church temporalitiy's acts, 8 Wm. 4, No 7 and 4 Victoria No. 11, states that the Church in New South Wales is in connection with the Established Church of Scotland, and that so long as it continues in force, the Presbyterian clergymen who have favoured the opi- nions of the Free Church cannot con- scientiously continue in a body in con- nexion with the Established Church of the mother country ; he further argues that those who have adopted the princi- ples of the Free Church should resign their State salaries. His true reason was supposed to be, because these acts declare it necessary for any clergyman holding a living in the Presbyterian Church, to be an ordained clergyman of the Established Church of Scotland ; and as Dr. Lang is not now ordained, it is commonly supposed that the Synod will attempt to recover the Church in Jamieson - street, Sydney, which Dr. Lang keeps in direct opposition to its authority. I hold in my hand a printed copy of the Minutes of the Synod of Australia for 1843, in which, at page 14, read — " The case of the Jamieson-street Church properly was brought before the Synod by a letter from Mathew Whyt- law, chairman of a meeting of individuals interested in the said property, which had been transmitted to the Moderator along with the opinion of counsel res- pecting that property, and in which the Moderator was requested to submit to the Synod to determine whether any and what proceedings shall be taken, to whom the management of the case shall be entrusted, and how the requisite funds are to be raised. "After mature deliberation it was agreed that if the opinion of counsel continues to be favorable, the course recommended by counsel be adopted for the recovery of that property. The Sy- nod further instructed the different Min- isters to use such means as may appear to them prudent in the circumstances of their respective districts to raise funds towards this object, and to communicate the result to the Moderator with as little delay as possible. It is evident that Dr. Lang's interest clearly is to have this act repealed ; indeed he has stated that it would set the claim of the Synod to his Church at rest for ever. It is rather singular that he argues now that the Church of Scot- land has an appellate jurisdiction over Colonial Presbyterian Churches, whereas in the former disputes with the Church of Scotland he repudiated the jurisdic- tion which it was supposed the acting Colonial Committee wished to exercise. There are two parties in the Presbyterian Church exclusive of Dr. Lang, who al- though deposed, retains a Presbyterian congregation ; one party is attached to the established church, and the other has publicly declared that it sympathises with the Free Church, .although compre- hended under one judicatory ; it is but too frequent to observe jealousies amongst the Presbyterian ministers, and this ill feeling was encouraged by Dr. Lang, who as editor of the Colonial Observer, sometimes excited them to strife, for to gratify his humour. It is a matter of deep regret to Presbyterians that their clergyman cannot keep from public quar- rels and angry correspondence ; and it gives those who are opposed to the form of Church Government room to revile them, and to contend that they are unable to maintain order in the church. A notable instance of this lately occurred. There are at present several clergymen in the Port Phillip District who have occasionally to travel a long distance into the interior of the country to preach. A fund was collected for these clergymen and it was very improperly divided by the Moderator of the Synod, Dr. Fullerton. The Rev. Mr. Gunn, an excellent cler- gyman of the Port Phillip District, was omitted, and when he wrote to the Mo- derator, he was replied to in uncivil terms ; this correspondence was pub- lished and gave great offence to all right thinking men ; the Church was all in convulsions again, and many began to draw off from her communion. In this instance, Dr. Fullerton, an excellent man but deceived in this instance, was very much to blame, and his intollerant spirit injured Presbyterianism even more than the violence of Dr. Lang. In referring to the early state of the Presbyterian Church I would have avoided alluding to Dr. Lang had it been possible, as that worthy gentlemen is no longer connected with the Church of Scotland, and as we firmly believe he has been as much sinned against as sin ning, but any dispassionate reader will perceive at a glaaca that it would have been impossible lo have given a correct account of its early troubles without bringlug forward his name- In 1844. the Synod of Australia met as usual in Syd- ney, and a series of resolutions were adopted, not taking part with either Church at home, but claiming indepen- dence and the right to acknowledge no head but Christ ; this was right enough, but unfortunately some of them showed the cloven foot in attempting to get a bill passed, altering the designation of the synod from " the Presbyterian Church in connexion with the Established Church of Scotland," to the ' General Synod of the Australian Churches in New South Wales," or in other words they wished to keep fair with the establishment until they got her done out of her properly and then they would have abused her to their heart's content. It may not be improper to notice that the Government of New South Wales afford support both in building churches and raising stipends for the clergymen of all denominations if they choose to accept aid on its conditions, and Epis- copalians, Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Roman Catholics, and all classes of voluntaries may obtain assistance ; the conditions for receiving a Government salary are 1st — that there be a Church, or the sum of £300 to build one ; 2nd — that there be a congregation of from 1 to 500 adults ; it was easier to get the old Church than either the one or the other ; and hence the anxiety of all of them for their general safety to have the obnoxious clause in connexion with the Established Church of Scotland re- pealed. Tha whole of tha Presbyterian cler- gymen were under an impression that the Church of Scotland, whether Free or Established, would require no adhe- rence from them, and they talked boldly enough ; nothing however further oc- curred until the next meeting, in Octo- ber, 1845, when the question was again brought forward ; and the following amendment carried, in consequence of a great number of clergymen declining to vote either way, declaring that they could not support either the motion or the amendment. " That, inasmuch, as the present des- ignation of the Synod, namely, ' The Synod of Australia in connexion with the Established Church of Scotland,' clearly implies a decided though indirect testi- mony in favour of the submission of the Church of Scotland to the encroachments of the civil power on her spiritual inde- pendence and on the liberties of her con- stitution, while the Synod wholly disap- proves of her submission to those en- croachments, and looks upon it as involv- ing a grievous surrender of the great and fundamental doctrine of Christ's sole and sovereign headship; and as the said des- ignation may convey to some an idea al- together inconsistent with the perfectly independent position which the Synod ought to occupy, and is calculated to be offensive to the numerous Presbyterians in the colony, and under the spiritual superintendence of the Synod, who never were in communion with the Established Church, and not a few of whom were dis- senters from her, it is resolved that this Synod change its designation, and that it be called the Synod of New South Wales so soon as the issue of an appli- cation to the Colonial Government to give civil sanction to the new designation is ascertained." 2 " That a committee be appointed to prepare a bill to amend the Temporalities Acts 8 William IV No 7 and 4 Victoria No 18, in such res- pects as may be found necessary, and es- pecially so that they may apply to the Synod under the new designation as fully to all intents and purposes as they now apply to it under the present designation ; and that this committee shall take all proper and necessary steps to ensure the passing of such Bill during the next ses- sion of the Legislative Council. The committee to consist of the following viz : — The Moderator Mr. Mowbray, Mr. Ross, Mr. McIntyre, Mr. Tait ministers ; and Mr. Kellman, Dr. Hill, and Mr. P. Stewart, elders, the Moderator convener." About a fortnight after, the procee- dings of the General Assembly of 1845 appeared simultaneously in the Hobart Town Observer, and the Port Phillip Gazette, and this rather electrified those clergymen who had all along declared themselves independent, and there is little doubt they regretted their rashness, when they heard that the Established Church would have no half promise, but either a distinct avowal of adherence or the contrary. A requisition was got up to the Moderator, the Rev Samuel Hetherington, of Maitland, requiring him to call a pro re nata meeting of the Synod of Australia, for the purpose of rescinding the resolution carried at the meeting of Synod. This was signed by the leading ministers of the Presbyterian church, but to the astonishment of every one the Moderator, who, doubtless, had no anxiety to loose his church at such short notice, refused. Drs. McGarvie and Fullerton protested against this, and threw the responsibility on the Modera tor, on whose shoulders it rests. The above is a brief sketch of the his- tory of the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales down to the present time ; there are three classes of Presbyterians in it — the first and largest adhere to the Church of Scotland — the second hold with the Free Church, and the third term themselves Free Churchmen, but are in fact Voluntaries, although belonging to the Church of Scotland, or the various secessions from it. When the Synod meets in October, the resolution of last meeting will be rescinded ; the minority who vote against this will go out and join the Free Church ; so far as I can learn there will be about four of the pre- sent members of the Synod leave and join with the Free Church party. No doubt these clergymen will be powerfully sup- ported, but the Old Church will scarce be conscious of the loss, especially as none of the Sydney clergymen, so far as I can ascertain, will go out, and only one in the Port Phillip district, where the largest number of Scotsmen are endeni zened, and this is unfortunately the Rev. Mr. Forbes who has the metropolitan charge, and is the oldest settled Presby- terian clergyman in the district. The disruption in the Synod cannot take place before the end of this year, if so early ; and my object in writing to the organ of the established Church in Scot- land upon this head, is to urge on the colonial committee of the Church the necessity of sending a deputation out to the Australian colonies without delay, on the same footing as that sent to Canada, the interesting account of whose proceedings I read only two days ago, With no ordinary gratification, and, in- deed, it was this which incited me to write this letter, which has been per- formed in a hurried manner, in con- sequence of the " Elora" sailing to- morrow, and I was determined to for- ward my letter by her. If the colonial committee of the Established church, would send out a de- putation consisting of two such men as Messrs, Macleod, and Simpson, they might arrive here about the time the disruption in the Synod would take place, and succeed in levelling all the animosities which have unfortu- nately raged with such violence amongst the Presbyterians, and establish the National Church upon a firm basis, and show that the zeal of the great and good Established Church of Scotland is not af- fected by convulsions either from without or within. You will perceive Sir, that it is not alone in the Colony of New South Wales that such a Deputation would be of use but that there are many other colonies in close proximity, where Presbyterians form an important portion of the inha- bitants. — In Van Diemen's Land there is fa very influential -Presbytery, of which the Rev. Mr. Lilly is Moderator— in New New Zealand — South Australia — -and Swan River, there are congregated a vast number of Scotch families who be- long to this Church, and surely we may expect to be treated as kindly as the Pres- byterians of the American Colonies. The Deputation might then return by way of India, and in two years they might visit the whole of the Australian Colo- nies, and also Madras, Bombay and Calcutta, returning Overland to Scotland. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, THOMAS McCOMBIE. Melbourne, Port Phillip, 28th March, 1846. 