TO THE REVEREND JOHN PHILIP GELL. SIR,—I concluded my last letter by stating " that in a future communication I trusted I should be able to make evident that the Apostles were extraordinary and temporary office-bearers —that their function was not transmissible— and that there are not, as of original institution, three orders of office-bearers in the Church "— and I now proceed to lay down the grounds on which these statements are founded The first enquiry is, what was the peculiar office of an Apostle? and the second, by what authority were the Apostles of the New Testament in vested with that office ? and for an answer to these enquiries, we must refer to the New Tes- tament itself, when it will be found that the answer to the first enquiry is included in the answer to the second. The authority by "which the Apostles exer cised their office, commonly called their com- mission, proceeded from Christ himself, the sole King and Head of the Church. In the concluding chapter of Matthew's Gospel, wo read that after the Lord's resurrection " the eleven Disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed them. And when they saw him, they worshipped him: but some doubted. And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and, lo, I am with you alway, unto the end of (he world." And in the last chapter of Mark's Gospel we find the same commission'. " Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every crea- ture." ln Luke's Gospel we read that Jesus thus addressed the eleven Disciples, " Peace be unto you." " Then opened he their under- standing, that they might understand the Scrip tures, and said unto them, thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day : and that repen- tance and remission of sins should be preached in His name, among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem. And ye are witnesses of these things." " And he led them out as far as Bethany, and he lifted up his hands and blessed them." In the 20th chapter of John's Gospel we read that after his resurrection, Jesus said to his Disciples " Peace be unto you ; as my Father hath sent me, even so I send you. And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost: whosesoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whosesoever sins ye retain, they are retained." And in the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, we read that Jesus " showed himself to the Apostles whom he had chosen, alive after his passion, by many infal- lible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the king- dom of God." And that immediately before he was taken up be made this announcement, " Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be wit- nesses unto me, both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and in the uttermost ends of the earth " Thus then we find that the commission of the Apostles chosen by our Lord was co-extensive with the earth itself, and included all nations. " Go ye, and teach all nations." Their function, in one particular, was therefore that of Missionaries to the whole world, and to all its inhabitants. " Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." And that they might be enabled to act in that capacity, Christ himself " opened their understanding that they might understand the Scriptures." " Speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God," and that they might be encouraged, he gave them the assurance of peace, and of the legitimacy and extent of their mission. " Peace be unto you, as my Father hath sent me, even so I send you," and us a sensible sign that they were his chosen Ministers " he breathed upon them," and as a gift of comfort, strength, and enlightenment, he gave them the Holy Ghost, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost: lo, I am with you alway, unto the end of the world,"—and as a grant of au- thority he bestowed upon them the power of retaining or remitting sins, " Whosesoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them, and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained." " All power is given unto me in beaven and in earth." In addition to their character or function as universal Missionaries, they were chosen also that they might be witnesses that Christ bad suffered, and that he had risen from the dead. "Ye are witnesses of these things " " Ye shall be witnesses unto me." Thus the peculiar function of the Apostles chosen by Christ was that of universal Missionaries, and eye-witnesses of his suffering and of his resurrection. The authority vested in the Apostles by their commission, was also declared to be authority proceeding from the Father, through Christ, and similar to the authority of Christ himself, "As the Father hath sent me, even so I send you." ' That it was essential to the office of an Apostle to have seen Christ after his resurrec- tion, is not only plainly indicated in the New Testament, but expressly declared to have been so. In the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, we find this distinctly announced by Peter himself, whom Archbishop Potter, more than once, calls the "foreman" of the Apostles. Peter stood up in the midst of the Disciples, about an hundred and twenty in number, and having given an account of the self- destruction of Judas, and having pointed out that the Scrip- ture must needs have been fulfilled concerning him, " For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein: and his Bishopric let another take"—added, " Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us, begin- ning from the baptism of John, unto that some day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be n witness with us of his resur- lection." And when they had appointed two, they prayed and paid, " Thou, Lord, which knowest the hearts of all men, shew whether of these two thou hast chosen, that he may take part of this ministry and Apostleship." " And, they gave forth their lots ; and the lot fell upon Matthias ; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles." Thus, then, we see that it was indispensable, that he who " took the Bishopric" of Judas, or office, as the word is in the 109th Psalm, should have companied with the other Apostles during the whole course of the Lord's ministry, event until the day of the Lord's ascension, in order that he might be "a witness of his resurrec- tion." This, of all the doctrines, of the reli- gion of Christ, the most important and the seal and proof of them all, had to be placed beyond a doubt, by the living testimony of his office- bearers, who had themselves seen him, had heard him speak, and had spoken to him, after his resurrection from the dead. "If Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain ;" " if Christ be not risen, your faith is vain, you are yet in your sins !" " he was raised again for out justification." And from the history of this transaction, we find also that it was indispensable to the character and office of an Apostle that he should be chosen by Christ himself, " Shew whether of these two thou hast chosen." Paul, we find, also, in vindicating his claim to the character of an Apostle, points to these two indispensable marks of Apostleship, as be- longing to him—the circumstances that he had seen Christ, and that he had received his com. mission from him. "Am I not an Apostle? am I not free? have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord ?" " Paul, an Apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead.") " Last of all he was seen of me" (after he rose from the dead) " as of one born out of due season." " But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ." And from his address to Agrippa, we find he had the character both of an Apostle and witness expressly conferred by Christ himself—" And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest : But rise, and stand upon thy feet : for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness, both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee, delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now send thee." And that Christ's miraculous appearance was for the express purpose of in- vesting Paul with that twofold character, no stronger evidence, surely, can be desired—none stronger or more undoubted can be given ; that the direct and immediate reception of a com- mission from the King and sole Head of the Church himself, and from him alone, was in- dispensable and essential to the character of an Apostle, without which he who asserted his claim to the office could only be classed among those spoken of in 2 Corinthians, c. xi., " For such are false Apostles, deceitful workers, trans- forming themselves into the Apostles of Christ :" for " the mystery of iniquity had already begun to work," and the pure and simple ordinances of Christ had begun already to be interfered with and vitiated by " foolish man," for the gratification of his own pride, the augmenta- tion of his own power, and the aggrandizement of a self-constituted authority. Another mark of the character of an Apostle, and inherent in him as an office- bearer directly commissioned by Christ himself to build up and govern his Church, was the power of conferring by imposition of hands the miraculous gifts of the Holy Spirit on whomsoever they would, and of authenticating their Apostolic character and mission by working " signs and wonders and mighty deeds." " Truly the signs of an Apostle were wrought among you [the Co- rinthians] in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds " " He therefore that minis tereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith." " Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost." " And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came upon them, and they spake with tongues and prophesied." Now although we read that others besides the Apostles had the power of working miracles, as in the case of Philip the Evangelist, as nar- rated in the 8th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, we do not find that " any besides the Apostles had power to bestow the Holy Ghost. " Then Philip went down to Samaria, and preached Christ unto the people. And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did. For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed ; and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed." On that occasion Philip baptised those who believed his preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God and the name of Jesus Christ, and among others Simon ; but it was not till the Apostles Peter and John went down to them from Jeru- salem, that they, after prayer and lading on of the Apostles' hands, received the Holy Ghost. It was on this occasion that Simon, " when he saw that through laying on of the Apostles' hands, the Holy Ghost was given, offered them money, saying, Give me also of this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands he may receive the Holy Ghost ; " and the rebuke of Peter, " thy heart is not right in the sight of God," may, and probably was, directed not only against the impious thought that the power of imparting the Holy Ghost could be purchased with money, but against the daring supposition that the Apostles would transfer, or had the power of transferring to another, " the gift " they had directly received from God, when Christ breathed on them the power, namely, of be- stowing the Holy Ghost, by imposition of hands. That power, " the gift of God," rested with them, and they neither did, nor could, commu- nicate it to any other. This may lead to re- flections on a subject closely connected with this inquiry. Another mark essentially belonging to the office of an Apostle was that they obtained their knowledge of the truth, not by the instruction of man, but by direct inspiration. " But God hath revealed these things unto us by his Spirit; for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea the deep things of God." "Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth, comparing spiritual things with spiritual." " But we have the mind of Christ." And Paul very earnestly insists that he was not taught of men, but of Christ himself. " But I certify you, brethren, that the Gospel which was preached of me is not after man ; for I neither received it of man, neither was I taught It, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ." And in confirmation of this, so distinctly and solemnly certified, and to pre ventiall doubt, he proceeds—" When it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace to reveal his Son in me that I might preach him among the heathen, immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood, neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were Apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus. Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days ; but other of the Apostles saw I none, save James, the Lord's brother. Now the things which I write unto you, behold before God I lie not." From this investigation into the essential character of the Apostles, derived from, 1st, the origin of their commission, received from our Lord himself, and received directly ; 2nd, the extent of their commission, as rulers not each over a separate and distinct nation, terri- tory, or city, but with equal rule common to all of them over the whole earth : 3rd, their power of imparting, by imposition of hands, the mira- culous gifts of the Holy Spirit on whomsoever they would; 4th, the knowledge they had by inspiration of the whole doctrine of Christ ; 5th, the full instruction each received from Christ himself; and 6th, the position they held of witnesses of the resurrection, from having seen the Lord in the flesh after his resurrection from the dead, it appears undoubted, and not for a moment to be questioned, that the charac ter and office of the Apostles were personal and temporary, not communicable or transmissible by succession, nomination, imposition of hands, or derivation of arty kind, and that with the Apostles immediately and directly commissioned by Christ himself the office and character of Apostles entirely and for ever teased, the essential and distinguishing marks and attri butes of an Apostle not being by possibility to be found in any one person subsequent to the period during which they organised and go- verned the Church. The character and office of the Apostles were therefore extraordinary and temporary ; and when they had fulfilled the purposes of their mission—had built up the Church—and had established a government, the office itself ceased, as being no lunger necessury ; and hence it is that, although Matthias was appointed by Christ to take the office of Judas when James was put to death by Herod, we do not read of any one being appointed to fill his office. As therefore, with the Apostles themselves the office of Apostle ceased to exist, or even to be necessary, or possible to continue, in the Church, the arrangement of the office-hearers of the Church into three orders, of which the Apostles formed the supreme order, could not by any possibility continue to be the arrange- ment of the office-hearers subsequent to the Apostolic period, and as was the case with the order comprehending Timothy and Titus, ac- cording to the Episcopal scheme, the order of the Apostles terminated with their own ex- istence. The scheme laid down by the supporters of the theory of Apostolic Succession thus fails to support the theory, and an examination into its merits terminates in the conclusion that subse- quent to the time of the Apostles two orders of office bearers existed—the orders, namely, of Presbyter-Bishops, and of Deacons. I commenced this enquiry by showing that, according to the Apostolic Succession theory, as laid down and expounded by Archbishop Potter, the four orders, during the days of the Apostles, were—1st Apostles, 2nd Timothy and Titus, 3rd Presbyter-Bishops, and 4th Deacons ; and in the course of the enquiry, I have shown that the two first orders not only ceased to exist with the existence of the indi- viduals composing them, but that they could not by possibility continue after their existence, from the offices being essentially extraordinary and temporary ; and I doubt not that it now appears that the two last orders, consisting of ordinary office-bearers, could alone continue after the days of the Apostles; and, till it can be shown that authority exists somewhere, to add to and improve the system of Church government modelled and established by the Apostles, in virtue of their great commission under the direction of the Holy Spirit, and ac- cording to the mind of Christ-and till we know the extent of that authority, and are assured of its being genuine, and are satisfied that it emanates from a source having power to bestow it—I do not see that any one Christian mau can be called upon, or expected, upon mere unsupported dictation, to admit that the Church of Christ cannot exist with a govern ment of only two orders, Presbyter-Bishops and Deacons, and that the limitation of govern ment to these two orders is so pernicious and destructive as to denu le any Church in which there is such a limitation of the Character of a Christian Church—to constitute it a Synagogue of Satan—to remove its members from out of the pale of Christianity—to deprive tin in of all share in the covenanted mercies of God—to deny to its Ministers not only the possession of the character, but even of the name of Ministers of Christ, and to class them with " Korah, Dathan, and Ahiram," who went down quick into the pit—and to make it an assured truth that the children of the members of that Church, dying in childhood, eternally perish. But such are the great truths involved in the theory of the Apostolic Succession soheme, and developed and promulgated by its supporters. Till such authority is found, however, the Apostolic Succession theory must be aban- doned, and Church government, under two orders only, admitted to be a government after the Apostolic model—namely, the order of Presbyter-Bishops and the order of Deacons, in one or other of which all ministers of the Christian Church must stand—and I am aware that you, Sir, stand in the highest. " Although," as says Augustine, " according to the words of honour, which use has now made fashionable in the Church, the Episcopate is greater than the Presbyterate ; "yet, again, in Augustine's words, " the office of a Bishop is above the office of a Presbyter, not by authority of Scripture, but after the names of honour, which from the custom of the Church hath now obtained." Your position as a Bishop-Presbyter is thus the highest acknowledged by the Apostles, who " knew the mind of Christ," the great King and Head of the Church, by whom and for whom, in his members, a government was esta- blished, perfect in its organization, orderly in its arrangements, and full and complete in all its beautiful proportions I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, PRESDVTERIAN SECUNDUS. 