miscellaneous: ' | Scene in a City Railway Counting-house, — i j Firm: Two partners. Buyers called.. , "Good; . I | morning, Mr. A — just called' to purchase!' fifty' ' 1 , shares." "Very good; I premimtifs the figure."" ' I "Agreed." Bargain-concluded:. "Going down stairs I ; met the other partner, " How are you, old felloi<P' I Got any shares'?" says he. .".Yes," saysl.- "GlW:. 1 you ljf premium, says partner No. 2. Booked'-it," I and thus; before. I had cleared the staircase,- netted; - tin to the tunc of- £25. . A fact— parties known ta - .1 us.- —Setdmel.- .n,1'- ' I Extraordinary Bunch of. Nuts.'tA cluster .of- I filberts was . gathered on Sunday,' last at Hisland, near this town ; which contained the almost unpre- cedented number of twenty-four. — Eddmues'.i ,J Journal.:! . - ThbiBachelob .and. the benedict.— 'lwould it were lawful, to ;marry two wives !" exclaimed, ahi' I enthusiastic youg. bachelor, desperately, in, love/with:' a couple of : country, cousins. ; ! fry- one tp begin with," was die rojoinder of a surly old Benedict,'. , . , /. y&j; Pauper SroRTSUBN.—Aa a happy illustrsftion of the sporting propensities of our countrymen, twenty six paupers left the Killarney workhouse on Monday l»t,:that they might be free to enjoy the sports of the week.- Kem/ Examiner. : . . .gift wjtHa.of Nineveh:. Jrere 100 feet high, and tliick enough for three. chnriots abreast. . ..Conning and .Memos op. -the Horse. - A curious instance -of the cUnning arid mcmory.dis- plqyed' by ;the horse is exemplified in the following anefidote.from -the "Plain Englishman" : iThe late Gengral Pater; of .the East: India service, wits a rc- morkftWy fat man ; while stationed . at Madras he purclmWa'cliprgcr.'.hich after a short; trial air at Pnctibctflpk itspjf aMck' of lyipg dowri'.-vyhenevcr , o GeneralVp'repar.tb'gct upon.pis.hac livery &jj;$enl'. was tfi<kl,it£utui sucoErs.'tb'cura him, of the trick - and 'laqg''i)ias'io. -much tinged in against the gfrneraPs corpulency that lie found it convenient to dispose pf his1 horse to a young 0ffi<';qffitfing'::the1W«i\i for a distant station up tho country. Upwards of two years hail sub sequently elapsed, when in the execution' of his official. duties; General1' Pater 'left Madras to inspect one of ;tho frontier' cantonments. 1 Ho travelled, as is the itauil custom in India, in his nsMitkeen (a covered coudh', carried tin- men's shoulders). The morning after his arrival at the 'station the troops were drawn out ; and as he had brought no liorscs, it. .was proper to provide for his being suitably ropuntcd, though it was not cosy to find a charger equal to his weight. At length an officer resigned to him a powerful horse for the occasion, which was brought out duly .caparisoned in front tqf the line. Tjhe' genefal came out ftom his tarif and proceeded to mount,' l>iit tho minute the horse saw his advance -he flung himself flat upon the sand, and neither blows Am entrcaties'could make him to rise. It was the gcneraTs'tild chargcr. who, from the moment of quitting hta service, had never practised the artifice unfit litis second meeting. The general, who was a gqodrhumourwl man, joined heartily in the shout tltal'ran thrbugh tho line on witnessing this ludi crous affair. A Harem Scene.— In his palace of Kizil-Er- mak.tho red river, Djezar passed the greater portion of the day, extended upon cushions at the feet of his beautiful slave, smoking the roses of Taif and Adrianople, mixed with tlic tobacco of Malatia and Letakia, adding occasionally a leal of Noschick, a grain of opium, or even of arsenic (?) to exalt his imagination. Sometimes Baila put her lips to the Fookah, and as they both refined there, plunged in a Sort of waking dream, educed by the juices of the Indian weed and poppy of Aboutig ; tho one had | visions of the eternal liourii, anu the other of the audacious stranger; while the lion Haider, drawing in his claws, stretched himself familiarly among them. Baila leant negligently on tlic neck of the formidable animal, while tlic Pasha dropped his head upon |ier knees ; and it was a strange picture, that of this graceful young creature, clad in gauze, reposing quietly between two ferocious animals. She bad long ceased to fear either the one or the other. Both the lion and the man hod been tamed.— The Pasha's Slave. Too Bboad.— The dambroad is known to be the ordinary Scotch way of describing what in English is termed a draft-board. A Scotch lady newly come to London, and ' rather too familiar with her own country's mode of expression, Inquired at a linen drapcr's-shop for a table cl «h,of a dambroad pattern, meaning a chequered pattern. The cock ney shopman was rather amazed at such a question asked by a lady, and answered " Why, ma'am, we have patterns pretty broad, but— a-a— none quite so broad as that." Tire Tender Passion. — AnvKRTtsiNo. Extra ordinary — 'The following advertisement figured prominently in the Times a few days ago : — " Char les S.— — Why did I not see you on Wednesday last. Dear Charles pray write to-day or I am lost. I» D." Surely after such an aflecting appeal " Charles" will not delay administering relief to the disconsolate fair' one. On the following day, the following' irresistible appeal graced the columns of tho samo paper. " Dear William, — If you love me, pray return home, and everything shall be arranged to.makc you comfortable.— L. H., Bloomsbury." An Awkward Predicament " for Two." — Lat week, on the Glasgow and Greenock Railway, a hot cinder from the engine fell into an uncovered thgd-class carriage, in' which were several well- dressed ladies.' ' In a moment one of them was en veloped in flames. Happily a' young sailor was in the carriage, who had the 'presence of mind to tear off his worsted trousers, and wrapctl them round the fair sufferer, thus' extinguishing tlic fire. But the -Jady lost her gown, and Jack his trowscrs. " Is there any person whom you would particu larly wish me to marry P" said a widow expectant to her dying; spouse, who had been somcwltat of a tyrant iii his day. " Marry the devil, if you like !" was the gruff reply. " O no, my dear," retorted the wife ; " you knowdt is .not lawful to marry two brothers." The civic procession at Bonn, to receive Queen Victoria, was headed by the chief magistrate, array- ed in bis. robes of office, and. smoking bis pipe. A canary, belonging to a gentleman at Wick, -died the other day after ocing- nearly, thirty years in tlic cage. 'A lady, wltlle bathing one day at Folkstonc, was carried out to sea by the force of tlic wave3, and would have certainly, boipn drowned but for the ex ertions of some boatmen, who- promptly launched their boat; and pulled to "her rescue, Tbey picked her up, and conveyod lier to the machine, and were liberally rewarded with half-a-erown. Life, in this instance, did not appear to bo very -valuable. A Giiost.—A " Ranter" preacher named Milburn liasseen the ghostof "-Jock ti tlieGill," oneof ir James Graham's farmers; who dropped down dead some six years ago, and was -buried without an inquest; ,The malignant and lying-ghost told the iRanteri that its body 'was murdered by its body's nephew, 'Jemmy o the Gill, who with his sister used -to live 'With their uncle. When the ghost's lio ixoached 'Jcminylhe gave it:the lie, and undertook to tohch the - bodydo see whether tho, blood would flow. . For thiS;purposc- -the .body was exhumed, and the . ordeal ipassed ihroogh, in ihe church-yard of Kirk Andrewa-upoh-Esk; .near . Netherby , under the . -windows ot Sir JamesGraham'aroansion.andin the .pariah of hia reverend brother,- iEbaoqb 'Operations.— bero arc now upwards of .thirty -clerks' at the League Rooms, working udmoat o)gbtat>d day. ' It appears a most formidable ejffiUpSmvThpy we: chiefly oji the registry.— v. ; '. . Is on .old, hacholor, says,, ",,nfffpri-.c«;«d;a fwlbing, ifiiqutgetfing miurried 'unT!P;iiW0»aMe'or,A.ita,?ral-. Gpd fibfont that,<Ip)r,C»dtoOy notl?eliQ, his," V -'taembwers in'theeniplqjf qf Mr. Bass. of Hat- ltCTtt; were ' catting gjmss; one ofrllicm with his \- < scjrihe; cut off' the'hoad.'of a partridgo fiiat waa Jsitting on a nest confining fifteen eggs; -The eggs 'WerO'iminediately- taken aipirplaced'oa the- hearth 'hdbrolhe firei at Mr. BasB'a residence, from which) young purtidgidpi'have -since, been , . . CoRdABSS of Pfotestant Princes. — Tbe Rhe- that very shortlyia congress of deMtitaiifrom tbe Froteetant princes at Germany will take iplacel in oriler to rebnsolt upon the brat meajiB of restoring 'find-"cbnsolidaljng fiie ordqr in that church,' h'.i v:---.- . i!;' -.r,.,-. To tub Brutal and Unfrincifled. — A Card. — Any person desirouspf gratifying his brutal pro pensities, earning at ,the same time a handsome maintenance, :has now an opportunity of obtaining permanent employment as master of a union work house. /Peculation .within .tolerably wide limits will bo winkle at, and eycry fqcijity will be afforded to elude detection,. fiid, In case of exposure, punish- I, meiiL A handsome retainer is also offered to any barrister, expert, in bullying and insulting' witnesses, and ready, if called upon, . to act in a judicial capa city, and to .blend therewith his forensic funotion, according .to the instruction of his employers. For particulars, apply at a certain office, Somerset-house. -r"Punch. , 