BUSHRANGING. WHEN the probation system was introduced into this colony, the late Comptroller General of Convicts predicted that in three years the towns would be unsafe to dwell in. He consoled himself by the reflection, that before that period arrived his:removal from the colony would save him from the frightful consequences lie apprehended. But his prophecy has been accomplished in less time than he anticipated. The re cent robberies in High-street, by three armed men, is " the beginning of the end." No resident now feels that life and pro perty are safe from violence, even within the precincts of Launceston. It appears that the depredators lately absconded from a gang in the interior, pos sessed themselves of fire-arms, and prowled in this vicinity, in which they committed several robberies. By some means they were informed that the Rev. Dr. Browne kept the sum of a hundred pounds in the drawer of a desk. When they learned it was Mr. Oakden, and not Dr. Browne, they first visited, they repeatedly ex pressed their regret at the mistake: but having obtained the articles they demanded from Mr. Oakden, they determined to pro secute their original object. When it is recollected that the occurrence took place in the midst of a cluster of houses-that nine o'clock had scarcely struck-the bold ness of the enterprise, and the exposed state of the town, must excite surprise amongst strangers, who know the cha racter of a large proportion of our popu lation. Whether some evil-designing person fur nished the information to the absconders, or whether they gathered it from vague re port, will probably never be discovered : but it is certain that the Dr., like every other individual possessed of money, has that confidence in the security of local banks which will ever prevent him from depositing cash in his dwelling. The servant who escaped unobserved, alarmed the police, accompanied, them to [the spot, and aided in the capture of the robbers, deserves the utmost that the go vernment can bestow on a man in his cir cumstances. To the fidelity, activity, and courage of this indvidual the apprehension of the bushrangers is chiefly to be attri buted: and we are gratified to learn that a public token of approbation will be be stowed on this " faithful servant." Tra POLtCE MAOlSTRA.T.-It is obvious this gentleman does not yet understand the deference due to the dignity of the press, and has committed ( fatal errror in not pronouncing a partial decisioa when its representatives appeared before him. For the future we hope that when the members of the fourth estate are brought before his tribunal, he will disregard law and justice, and allow them unlimited liberty. Should a charge of drunkenness be preferred against an editor, the magistrate should notonly decline to receive it, but reprimand the constable who dare apprehend a public writer in a state of inebriety. Neithershould the bench issue summonses against this favoured class, who ought to be permitted to perpetrate the grossest outrage will impunity ; but if decency will not allow him to prevent this preliminary step, he should at least charge the witnesses with perjury, and liberate the accused with encomiums on their conduct. Seriously Mr. Tarleton did commit a mistake in adopting subdued language to describe a recent offence. If he had been assailed in pre cisely the same manner as the sufferer, we are sure no magistrate would have described the act as "not a very aggravated assault." But this is an error favourable to Mr. Tarleton; and every hu mane person will appreciate his lenity. Only one satisfactory course is open to our police magistrate -let him faithfully and fearlessly perform his duty in every case, and then he can rely with con fidence on the support of every man whosecoun tenance is worth receiving-the praise of some would be unmitigated censure. CHUnCH AccoMOnATION.-Itwill be observed that tenders are invited for the erection ofa small place of worship at Patterson's Plains, on the East Bank of the North Esk. The efforts to rear such buildings in destitute localities, and to supply them regularly, deserve support and commen dation. ATTrMPT AT HIGHWAY RoBBstBR.-As Mr. Dodery of Longford, was proceeding on horseback out of town on Tuesday night, lie was met on the high road by some ruffian who attempted to seize the reins. Mr. Dodery put spurs to hIis' horse and dashed away before the robber could unseat him. SUDDEN DBATH.-A remarkably sudden death occurred at Longford a few days since. A man named Moore, a saddler, was at the Blenheim Hotel and suddenly fell down dead without a word or a groan. He had been drinking, and was abusing the landlady for refusing to supply him with more lilquor, when he was thus cut short by death. Ronasa PRROM THE PBRsoN.-A gentleman named Mockton from Port Phillip, was robbed a few evenings since of fifty-eight pounds and some sixteen shillings in silver. He fell in with a female who conducted him to a house where he had some brandy, and soon afterwards felt sleepy; he be. lieved that he dozed on a chair for a few minutes. He lhad previously taken off his coat, in which was a pocket book containing the notes; this he missed upon leaving the house. He discovered also that a black silk handkerchief had been taken from off his neck, and an old one substituted, for which lie could not account. Information was given to the police, the premises were searched, and the handkerchief found. Four parties, two men and two women, were apprehended upon sus plclon, but no evidence could be procured to war rant their detention, and they were therefore dis. charged. The notes were of a Port Phillip Bank, and will not easily get in circulation here. CAPTUTE or BUSHRANOERns.-We hear two armed bushrangers have been apprehended by a party of the Morven police, but we are not in pos sessIon of particulars. APPREBHNSION OF THUE COMPANION OF SMART AND FooD.-A tloket.of.leave man named Mur phy has been apprehended upon suspicion of being the party who was in company with Smart and Food at their visit to Mr. Oakden's. No positive evidence of Identity could be procured, and he was sentenced for two months on the mill as an i Idle and disorderly character. . ATRocIOUs, ANovMoUs CASES OF RECENT 'OccuRRENca.-Many families have lately been greatly annoyed by the reception of notes from various parties well'known in town. It appears that the documents circulated, though coming'from different hands, were of similar character, and all contained demands for money. The authors ac knowledge having sent out the papers, but reso lately decline to-place their names at the bottom, until they'receive cash. We are afraid that our legislators never contemplated the existence of such a species of annoyance, and that therefore the laws cannot afford the injured families re dress. 'They may, however, submit their cases to the Attorney-General after establishing the facts by regular affidavits, and if possible punish the butchers and bakers, the grocers, and mercers, for the distress they have occasioned by circulating their'quarterly accounts. UNION MEETING.-The usual monthly meet ing was held in the Scotch church. The Rev. Mr. Hastie conducted the services, in which the Revds. Messrs. Dowling and Price took part. The Rev. Mr. Butters delivered an excellent ad dress, on the subject of the "Promise of the Spirit," in a most impressive manner. He re ferred to the way in which the Almighty had been pleased to reveal himself to his creatures a trinity of persons, one in essence and nature. God the Father was represented in the scriptures as the soumce of all the blessings which reach man: God the Son, who, by his meritori ens life and death, purchased salvation, as the medium through whom the benefits of the Father are bestowed: and God the Holy Ghost, as the person by whose operation spiritual life, light, purity, and happiness are imparted to those "dead in trespasses and sins." He alluded to the Pentecostal period; and proved by passages in the, bible that the christians of this age were not only invited to implore, but absolutely pro mised, in answer to their request, a copious and constant outpouring of the spirit. The ancient prophets anticipated the latter day of glory. Christ declared that the object of his departure was to send the Spirit,'who should remain with his people alway: and the apostles testified concerning the experience of his influence. Mr. Butters earnestly invited his audience to unite in supplicating for thelDivine Spirit, without whose the services of religion would become formality, churches would be nnprosperous, and sinners would remain un moved until awakened from their fearful lethargy by the outpouring of divine vengeance which all the impenitent must feel. As Adam, by dis believing the threatening of God, involved him self and his posterity in spiritual death, so sinners under the influence of the Spirit, by believing the promises of Jehovah, are raised from the ruins of the fall, and brought into the relation of children. TlEa NORTH AND EAsT COAST.-Mr. Potter, an active district constable, has been for some time stationed at the coast, and has rendered essential service to the settlers by protecting their property and expelling depredators from the neighbourhood. The flockmasters complain bitterly of the ravages committed by the dogs belonging to a number of idle vagabonds who are called hunters, but whose real employment is no doubt of a very dif ferent character. Some of them have as many as fifteen or twenty dogs each, and it is not uncom mon for sheep to be worried, even in the presence of the shepherds. They rush upon the flocks like wolves. There is little doubt also that the whole sale s) stem of slaughtering has been practised, for that part of the country is known to be visited by unlicensed hawkers, who have ample opportu nity of conveying away many bales of wool. Mr. Foster, of Cape Portland, loses fifteen hundred sheep this year, and several other settlers have suffered in less proportion, to the extent altogether of upwards of two thousand sheep. During the last three years Mr. Foster alone has lost from his extensive flocks about seven thousand sheep. FIRE AT NORFOLK PLAINS.-A fire occurred at Longford on Tuesday, at the residence of Mr. Wm. Weir, which was completely destroyed. Early in the morning Mr. Weir was awakened by a cracking noise, and discovered that the room was filled with smoke; he instantly got up, and having thrown ra few clothes out of tile window followed them himself. Some constables by this time observed the flames, which had already burst through the roof, and the alarm was given, but before long the building was reduced to ruins, and its contents consumed. The premises were in sured in the Cornwall Company for £450, and Mr. Weir's personal effects in tIe Tasmanian for a like amount. Although secured against pecuniary suffering, Mr. Weir has to regret the loss of manu. scripts and documents which.have occupied a con siderable portion of his attention for years, and cannot be replacee without an equal expenditure of time and labour. , ' ,? 'ii ',': ?: . DREADFUL ACOIDENT.-A fatal accident oc curred on Tuesday or Wednesday evening, by. which Mr. Gurney, a respectable settler at Nor folk Plains, lost his life. Mr. Gurney was found lying by the side of the main road, qnite insen sible, but apparently in great agony. He was taken to Mr. Clyne's, at Longford, and after lin gering for a day or two, expired. He never re covered his consciousness, could not recognise his friends, and scarcely spoke a word from the time he was discovered until his death. The pony upon which Mr. Gurney went out of town was caught near where he was found, with the saddle turned completely underneath. It is supposed the unfortunate deceased was thrown off, through the shifting of the girth, and, being unable to ex tricate his foot from the stirrup, was dragged along the ground, and tlhus sustained the injuries which occasioned his death. An inquest has been held, and a verdict of accidental death returned. SouTII AUSTRALIA.-By the return of the Union we have papers from Adelaide to 24th lilt. The Henry! and lMargaret had arrived.... Horses were realising fair prices, which induces shippers to continue the exportations; the Union will have a fuill freight....TThe journals contain no news of importance... .A public dinner had been held to honor the return of Capt. Sturt, who was received with a popularity bordering upon affection..... The Governor had given some offence by absent ing himself from the entertainment. IT IS AN ILL.WIND, &c.-The; Souvenir, from Nelson, brings a report of the loss of a vessel having on board £5,000 in specie for the Govern ment. It is farther confidently stated, that Mr. Suisted, in connection with others, was fortunate enough to recover £4,000 of the sovereigns of which he becomes entitled to one-third. THE BUSHlRANGEns.-On Sunday Dr. Browne publicly returned thanks for himselfand the others concerned, for their fortunate deliverance from the danger to which they had been exposed during the late visit of the bushrangers, and for the pro vidential escape they had experienced. POCKET-PICKIN.--Some of the light- fingered gentry were most successfully active on the Race Course. One man was robbed of nine pounds in notes, whilst perfectly sober, and another of his watch. A man was found on Wednesday evening, lying over the bridge with both pockets turned inside out, who stated he had lost five pounds. Petty robberies were numerous. FiRE INSURANCE.-It will be observed that two fires occurred on Monday, by which property to the amount of £2000 was destroyed. Fortu nately in both instances insurance was effected, and a loss which would have ruined two private individuals, is borne without inconvenience, when divided amongst three offices. As the charge for insurance is so small, prudence dictates that a man should cover property that is Iris own by a policy, and justice requires that persons indebted to or intrusted with the property of others, should se cure Iris creditors against loss. A TASMANIAN SWIFT.--In the report of the Society for Propagating the Gospel, published in the Courier, we find a letter from one of the clergy in this island, quoted with unaccountable simpli city by the compilers of the report, who say, " One of the clergy writes thus:-" The efforts and example 'of the Church of England, acting through her head the Bishop, may already be per ceived to react most favourably on the dissenting bodies, in promoting greater charity of feeling and puriiy of doctrine."........." The spiritual aspect of the Church externally is favourable ; and though internally one is conscious of the existence of more defects, it is certainly better than it was a year ago. There is more zeal and hopefulness." The satire is so rich and slyly directed that the writer deserves to be made a Dean at least. THE VALUABLE MONKEY.-The Union Bank have paid twelve pounds for the old Tamar Bank notes, found by the monkey in the yard of the Launceston Hotel. On the others, the names of the directors were illegible. H-IousE onnenvR.--The residence of Mrs. Milne in George-street,' was entered by seome thieves a few nights since, who carried away with them a quantity of glass. i ACCI?ENT.-On the second day 'oftho.raedes a servant of Mr. Neville's Inet with a perlins ac cident near the Bridge. HYIwas rldihg on the shaft of a dray and fell backwards; the wheel passed over his legs, and boiI liones of one were broken juistabo?f th' ancle." He was coniyed into Mr..Cordell's, and surgical attendanie imme diately procured. \- DARING HOUSE RoBsERYv.-On Sunday night some thieves gained entrance into the residence of Mr. John Fawns, by forcing open one of the front windows of the dining-room, facing William street. The door of that room being locked, the thieves were disappointed, by not being able to gain access to other parts of the dwelling. They took with them some few articles of plate and plated goods, and attempted to cut open a side board cupboard, by sawing round the lock, in which operation it is supposed they were alarmed, and made off. FIRE AT EVANDALE.-An extensive fire oc curred on Monday, at Evandale, upon tile pre mises of Mr. Hardy, a tenant of Dr. Keuworthy's. Stacks containing three or four thousand bushels of wheat, another of ninety tons of hay, and a large barn, were totally destroyed.. The pro perty was `insured in the Derwent and Tamar Company for £900. Tile fire is supposed to have been tile act of an incendiary. ACCIDENT AND NARROW EscAPE.-On Tues day evening, as Mr. Rose's coachman was driving out of town in the carriage, with two of Mr. Chlitty's children, he ran over a drunken person in the road, who fortunately escaped without any seriousinjury. Mr. Kirkby witnessed the transac tion, and from the furious manner in which the servant was driving, thought it necessary to inter fere for the safety of, the children, one of whom was nearly thrown out of the carriage. Mr. Kirkby insisted upon taking them under his pro tection; but the coachman resisted and assaulted Mr. Kirkby with considerable violence. The matter will come before the police. ANOTHER RonaenY.-During tihe races, the premises of Mr. Stott, in St. John-street, were broken into, and about six pounds in cash stolen. TIc DOLonEux.-Mr. Gower says that the ex tract of tobacco will cure neuralgia so that it shall not return, and this with once using.-Medical Times. TEETII.-A Boston paper, recording a case of death from bleeding at the gums after tooth ex traction, says that in such cases a piece of cork, burnt to a crisp, and introduced into tihe cavity from which the tooth has been drawn, is an effec. tual remedy. REMEDY FOR TILE BITE OF RABID ANIMALS. -The Glasgow Argus mentions a remedy for the bite of rabid animals, applied by Dr. David Burnes, (brotherofthe traveller, SirAlexander), in the case of two ladies in tllhat city. They were in the par lour of anll hotel, when a large dog entered, bit them both severely, and ran off. Dr. Burnes was in the lhotel, having been on a tour ill the High. lands with Lord and Lady Panmure. "Dr. Burnes, on learning the nature of the accident, instantly cauterized, cupped, and excised the wounds; and also had recourse to the singular method of making the patients suck their wounds. This course the Doctor recommended ten years ago in the Lancet, and lie says that no danger whatever is to be feared from it, if the mouth and lips were free from sores or chaps." To AVOID CATCIIING COLD.-ACCustom your self to the useof sponging with cold water, every morning, on first getting out of bed. It should be followed with a good deal of rubbing with a rough towel. It has considerable effect in giving tone to tile skin, and maintaining a proper action in it, and thus proves a safeguard to the influence of cold and sudden changes of temperature; there fore, a person who is in the habit of thus forti. fying the skin, will be much less likely to suffer injury from heated roomls, and the change from a hot room to the cold air. Sir Astley Cooper says, "The methods by which I preserve my own health are, fresh air, temperance, early rising, and sponging the body every morning with cold water, immediately after getting out of bed-a practice I have adopted for tllirty years; and al though I go from the Ihot theatre into the squares of the hospital, in the severest winter nights, yet 1 scarcely ever hiave a cold." The ceremony of tying the nuptlal knot is very much simplified in the Hoosier State, as tihe follow ing scene will show t."; What is'your name,Sir P" Matty."' "Whatisyour name, Miss P" "Polly" 'tMatty, doyou love Polly P "''No mistake." Pohlly do you love Matty P. " "Well, I reckon. Well, then, '~i pronounce youtman and wife, All thi days of your life.' -Boston Olhronicle. At ,Makison s Franklin County i Tenesse,a humati skeleton, 18 feet long, Ihas been found,. all, perfect except one log I the skull between the Tartar and Caucasian forms. " " 