THE POLICE OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We have several times had occasion to bear testimony to the good conduct and efficiency of our police. We cannot help calling atten- tion to the fact that with them the endeavour is to prevent crime as much as possible, by checking it in the bad, instead of (as is too much done in many places) keeping an eye upon offenders till they can be convicted of some grand delinquency. Justice requires that this should be observed, and the conduct of the police appreciated. They serve the truest interests of the community, by the apprehen sion of an incipient thief, though to the un thinking mind it might appear a greater ex ploit to drag in a felon, charged with a suc cession of offences. And they strike more terror into the hearts of our semi-convict in truders, by showing them that detection is cer tain and immediate than they could do by the occasional example of a sanguinary punish ment. We need but refer to three recent cases as instances of their alertness. A few weeks ago, a watch belonging to Mr Joseph Phillips was stolen from an inn on the Great Eastern Road. On the same night, a person, wholly unsuspected, was taken into custody in Adelaide, and the property reco vered. The next morning he was brought be- fore the Commissioner, and held to bail to an swer the charge at the Sessions. Last week, a burglary was committed at an inn in the town. In less than twelve hours, a person (the same who had been before charged with stealing Mr Phillips's watch) was apprehended in a cottage, five or six miles distant, brought next day before the Commissioner, and yesterday, fully committed for trial. And in our present paper we record the appre hension of two men for highway robbery with equal promptitude. The offence was commit ted after dark on Tuesday—the person robbed was intoxicated, and unable to give any des cription of the offenders. Yet almost by day light next morning two men were apprehended —within a few hours charged before the Com missioner—the stolen property produced, and several witnesses brought forward to whom they had endeavoured to part with it. They were also sent for trial yesterday. Nor are the Mounted Police less active in the performance of their duties. The captures ot the natives at Strathalbyn and Mount Ar den sufficiently show their courage and perse verance. We wish only that a material in crease in both branches of the force could be effected. They have zeal, talent, and charac ter, but they sadly want numbers. Country land, whether for pasturage or culture, would possess a higher value were it more uniformly and certainly protected, and the town would more deserve its name were the presence' of the police to be depended on. The chief officers of the force are, the Com missioner, Mr Finnis ;* the Inspectors, Messrs Tolmer and Gordon ; and the Sub-Inspector, Mr Litchfield. Messrs Finnis, Gordon, and Litchfield have held commissions in the Bri tish Army, and Mr Tolmer, we believe, in that of France. Messrs Finnis, Pointer, and Litch field have the local rank of Captains, from their appointment in the militia brigade of South Australia. The non-commissioued offi cers in the Mounted Police are six, and in the Foot Police, two; the men in the former, thirty seven ; and in the latter,twenty- one. This force is clearly inadequate, perhaps, particularly in the cavalry department, but to look more nearly home and speak of the infantry, whose duties are not quite so diffused and varied, let any rational man ask himself—What can twenty-one men do in a town more than a mile square, built upon in every direction, and separated by tracks of country each of which may truly be denominated rus in urbe ? We will answer the question. Not more than ten can be on duty at one time; for wakeful as they have proved themselves we must allow them a little sleep. Each is on duty for nine hours at a time, at least three hours more than his expe rienced officers would assign to him were they not short handed, and often after the long tramp, from nine o'clock at night till six next morning, (in such weather as this too) has to attend for hours more at the police office to give evidence against some person whom he has apprehended. Say then on an average that there are seven by day and nine during the night, (we feel sure the numbers will not allow more) how can this handful of men, true and ardent though they be protect a population as large as that of Adelaide! We proceed with our answer to the question. North Ade laide, with a population of about 2,400 (equal to that of many old colonial towns) is aban doned almost wholly ; two policemen are occa sionally there, but that in truth amounts to nothing. The back streets of the town are never thought of, and all this (let no one sup pose we blame the officers), because there really are not men enough in the force to guard sufficiently the main streets. From this nig gardly establishment has arisen every burglary in the town and half the street assaults and robberies. The best man in the world having to pace from East-terrace to King William Street, bogged at every second step, could be very little blamed though a house were stripped and its inmates murdered while he was watch ing other houses half a mile distant. There are minor evils which by the side of greater it would almost seem fastidious to men tion, yet we cannot but observe that the Police Act is almost a dead letter; uncollared dogs are running wild in every direction ; half the public houses do their largest business on Sun days ; and the very footways which have been made from private funds are used indiscrimi nately by horses and by bullock drays. It would be absurd to talk to the commissioner on such subjects; what could he, what must he answer I perhaps as the disciples did when speaking of the few fish and biscuits in the wallet of a boy, "What are they amongst so many!" Or, as we can imagine the ghost ghost of Leouidas to have done, " I could de pend upon my men, but I had not enough of them." In speaking of the police, we have used the word character. Some of our friends in the neighbouring colonies, who are accustomed to constables selected from among old con victs, will smile at the expression; but we use it advisedly. We doubt if there is one man, either in our mounted or foot police, who is not highly respectable in the fullest accepta tion of the word. Nor is this a matter of small importance. It has and must have a great in fluence upon the general morals of the colony. While nothing is more monstrous than to en trust the working of the law to men who have notoriously broken it, nothing can more es tablish its authority than the unblemished cha racter of those who wield the powers. The Sydney Morning Herald of May st!i says:— " We are now one hundred and forty-four days with out news from England, the Honduras having brought papers to the 9th December. There are at least six English vessels due: the Levant and London, which were announced to sail the middle of December: the Royal Muron, wliich was to sail the end of December; the Henrietta, the packet for January, and two ships from Liveqiool. Neither have our southern friends any later intelligence, the Triad, which brought papers to the 22d November, having been their latest arrival up to last week." j * This gentleman is principally known to the public I in his capacity of Police Magistrate, in which his impar . tiality on the Bench, and general good judgment, are ! . admitted, though maiiy consider the office more fitted for a professional nun, as legal points have to be argued ; before him, and submitted to his decision. His duties as Commissioner of Police are wholly separate, and, J from their uture, are performed chiefly in private. We believe it is much owing to his incessant care and ! judicious management that the police is in its present j state of efficiency. 