THE PORTER DINNER. (Continued from our last.) The Mayor pioposed the health of the guest of the evening, John Porter, Esq., in an excellent speech, pointing out the services which that gentleman had ren- dered in stirring up an interest on our behalf and laying before the public plain and convincing statements of our prosperous condition ; he said when the insignificance of the District was taken into account it almost made us dispair of obtaining any share of attention ; he passed a high eulogium on Mr Porter, saying that he had villified no one, al- though he had commented upon the conduct of many. Mr Porter said — I make no apology for reading this small document, and read the remarks we published in our last. John Porter, Esq., proposed the health of the Delegate Archibald Cuninghame, Esq., in connexion with the Pastoral Agricultural and Commercial Interests. Drank with three times three. William Westgarth, Esq., in returning thanks said, Mr Chairman and Gentle- men, — I have the honor to appear for the important interests that are involved in this toast. I shall not, however, occupy your time in returning thanks to you for the cordial manner in which you have all received the good wishes of our worthy guest for your own welfare. I shall, therefore, merely follow up the observa- tions you have just heard by a few addi- tional remarks, I hold in my hand a memorandum consisting of a few words and figures, representing on the solid basis of Statistical facts, the progress of Australia Felix. I take the liberty of reading these notes to the company, they refer to an interval of ten years, namely, from 1836 to 1846. "Population of Port Phillip in 1836, 237 ; in 1841, 11,800 ; in 1846, 83,000. Value of exports in 1836, nil ; in 1841, £157,060 10s. in 1846, namely the shipping season 1845-46 just ended, estimated at upwards of £400,000." And the popu- lation of Melbourne in less than ten years had attained to 11,000 souls. This ia a progress which exceeds that of any other colony, as far as has come under my notice. Still however, I should not be carried away to assert that we are as yet any other than a colony of moderate pretensions. It is in the future that we must boast; and judging from past ex- perience, every individual now present may yet live to see Australia Felix a great colony. I beg to conclude, Mr Chair- man, with the hope that such may indeed prove the case. Mr Mollison, as an intimate friend of Mr Cuninghame, of many years standing, returned thanks or the honor which had been conferred upon his friend, he wished he had been present, not only would he have been gratified for the enthusiasm which had shown itself in the present meeting, but it would have stimulated him to increased exertion on behalf of the colony, and well timed, would be the faintest echo of the enthusiasm which had this evening manifested itself. He de- served our sympathy, it would add to his exertions on behalf of the colony. The object of his friend was, he was quite sure, to advocate all interests alike, to balance them all as nearly as possible. Mr Coppin here favoured the company with a song. Henry Moor, Esq., in proposing the " Port Phillip Members," said — The toast would admit of little being said upon it. From the smallness of the number of our members in the Legislative Coun- cil, it could not be expected that we could derive much benefit from them. Whilst the antagonistic spirit of the Middle District was so strongly developed our trifling band of six could not ensure success. But until we have a domestic legislature of our own, and God knows the time is not far distant when we shall be able to boast of that desideratum, the people of Port Phillip have little hope from the tender mercies of New South Wales legislation. They take our money and give us but little in return ; but amidst all these injuries Port Phillip, alike in the winter and summer of the prosperity of the Middle District appears somehow or other to be a bright spot for them to look to. Neither can we forget that they select the speaker for their house from amongst the Port Phillip members — and having sent down a bar- rister to us to learn how to be a judge, then take him back again to teach them law ; so, they take a Speaker from amongst our members to teach them the duties of their assembly. Therefore, instead of proposing the toast of the members of Port Phillip, I shall propose — " The health of the Speaker, and other Port Phillip members." — (Cheers.) Alderman Condell, in returning thanks, said that he had been in the full expec- tation of seeing one of the members for Port Phillip present, but such not being the case, he was induced to supply, in the present instance, the vacancy. He would, therefore, as having had the honor of having once been a member of the Legislative Council, in the name of the "members," return thanks for the honor done them. Mr C. G. Burchett in proposing " E. Curr and Separation," said — Mr Chair- man and Gentlemen,— I have been ho- nored by having intrusted to me to pro- pose a toast which all here will delight to honor. I can only regret that its in- troduction has not fallen into the abler hands of one, who was expected here, to have done it justice ; it is expressed earnestly and tersely in the words "A speedy Separation to Port Phillip" To urge you to exertion to this end and object by statistical detail, comes not within my purpose, nor within the scope of my present ability, this has been done already and I should merely become the echo of better statements and of more acute researches. The most mighty ar- gument that I hear in opposition to sepa- ration is a quotation from a worn out copy book, that "Union is strength ;" this may do on the other side, for a man doubtless feels strong in union with his hand in his neighbour's pocket, but truth is not to be obscured, nor is justice to be insulted by the transparent ghost of a seedy proverb. There has been latterly a small quarrel about the border police funds, in which we all know that Sir George pettishly committed himself to the principle of "Financial Separation" I do not mean to apply any epithet other than in the jocolar spirit of after dinner politics, but we all know the old adage " that when some honest people fall out, other honest people come by their own," And so do we enlist Sir George, an old soldier, as a new recruit under the banner of separation, and after this eyeing the separation shilling, we shall soon hear of his looking sternly honest with sepa- ration ribbons in his Albert hat. In as- sociating with this toast the name of Mr. Edward Curr, we only convey a slight but grateful acknowledgement, that his exertions in our cause are not for- gotten, his industry is not unbelieved and his ability not unrespected. Now I may be allowed to direct your attention to the necessity of an untiring application to this work — by reminding you that hours so far as earnest progression in truth and fact is concerned, are as va- luable as days were to the last genera- tion — we have seen in our owe day the power of combination that it is not merely a fable about a bundle of sticks, but is a truth, which, with any honesty of purpose, may not be gainsaid. Take heart then and your success shall be as sure as your purpose is honest. J. H. Ross, Esq, next in a very lu- minous speech, proposed "The Corpora- tion. The speaker's remarks elicited roars of laughter. Glee — " Mynheer von Dunk." The Chairman in returning thanks re- gretted that he was not enabled to follow in the faceitious footsteps of the proposer of the toast, if he could he would, but if he were to attempt it, he was quite sure he would fail. He fully concurred in the observations which had falls from the last speaker, that the well working of the Council depended upon the burgesses ; if they did not send proper men into the Council, they certainly had no right to complain if the Council did not work well. Mr Coppin here favored the company with a comic song. Alderman Bell here rose to propose the next toast, which was " The Clergy of the District ;" and said — we had met there that evening to do honor to one who had done much service to Port Phil- lip, and none knew better than himself how indefatigable that gentleman had been in his endeavours to promote the interests of this province ; but at the same time there were other interests of a higher order to consider. The rapid increase of the population, and the in- adequate number of the ministers of re- ligion, rendered their duties most ardu- ous, whilst all, he felt assured, would admit those duties were most satisfactorily performed. The clergy were our advisers in life, and our comfort in death ; he had, therefore, great pleasure in pro- posing, "The Clergy of the District," drank with three times three. Song—" The Monks of Old." Henry Moor, Esq,, in proposing the next toast, expressed a wish that it had been placed in other hands. He was sure the chairman would be ready to admit that the question of the Press was a ticklish one — it possessed so many points within itself, and raised the backs of so many persons, that he should have been glad to shy the question if possible ; in dependent of which, he saw himself sur- rounded by so many persons connected with the Press, that he felt a double de- gree of trepidation on the occasion : So far back as 1694 the freedom of the Press was secured by the Parliament of that day ; it refused to continue the restric- tions which had hitherto been thrown around it, and from that time to this day it has been the mighty engine for the advancement of literature, science, and freedom. There is certainly a great tribute due that engine which has ob- tained the primitive objects of the hap- piness of the inhabitants of this world. That it has promoted the cause of civil and religious liberty, of public and pri- vate freedom, none will doubt. The Press with all its mighty powers has done and worked good, not only amongst the particular country in which it has cir- culated, but has conferred a similar de- gree of benefit on all civilized nations. It has done more good than all the Crowned heads in the universe. It reared the liberty we see in England, and ex- pelled despotic power, it has taught the subjects to know their rights, and know- ing them, to maintain them. The speaker then referred to the fact of the Press having mainly contributed to the obtain- ing the Catholic Bill and Reform Bill, and he would refer to our honored guest of the evening as an instance of what the Press was capable of accomplishing. Mr. Porter had unquestionably done much good, and the Press had enabled him to achieve much. Although it was not in his brief, he must say that he considered Mr. Porter deserved from us some more substantial mark of our es- teem ; sorry should he be to think that all his trouble, exertion, and expense, were to be found centred in the pro- ceedings of this evening. " The Press with civil and religious liberty," was drunk with three times three. Mr. McCombie in responding to the toast, said, Mr. Mayor and Gentle- men, — It is with no ordinary gratifica- tion that I have heard the toast of the Press so ably proposed and so cordially received, because I hold that at a political demonstration such as this, the Press being the most powerful political engine ought to have its merits and uses freely acknowledged ; and when I look around me to the right hand and to the left hand, and see the respectability and intelligence of the District present, I confess I should have gone away disappointed had it been omitted. The stewards have exercised a wise discretion in coupling the Press with " civil and religious liberty and it is to be hoped that such an excellent example will henceforth be followed ; for I am not vain enough to think that it is to any individual connected with the Press that the honour is paid, as the toast con- veys far more. It is to the noblest insti- tution of our hallowed father-land, whose name is the watchword of political liberty — it is to the British Press as the organ and expounder of public Opinion — the Magna Charta of British rights — the bul- wark of the liberty of the subject, that the honour has been paid. And I am prouder as a member of society to hear it thus received in conjunction with civil and religious liberty, than to have had any honour bestowed on its individual conductors. And when we reflect on the great improvements that the Press has brought about in the world, and the be- nefit it has conferred on society, every person will confess that it has earned such an acknowledgment. We, as Britons, know that our Press has conquered op- pression in every form and in every phase of society — that it has been to the whole world the Herald of peace and civilisa- tion — that it has awakened in the human mind the rays of genius and the enthu- siasm of romance and literature — that it has fenced in the poor man with a stronger protection than the law could afford him —that it has purified justice and legisla- tion, and shown the monarch his prero- gative and the subject his constitutional right — that it has exercised a wise cen- sorship over judges and magistrates, kings and governors, and said to such this far shall thou go, and no further. Had Lord Bacon sat on the bench in these later days his name would have been as un- sullied as a man and a judge, as it is brilliant as a scholar and philosopher. Yes, it is to the periodical Press as the engine for civilizing and improving the mental world that the honour is paid ; and I, as one of its humblest workers, express my firm belief that its office is to promote the ascendancy of the intellec- tual faculties and crush these vicious propensities which have scourged and shattered the world. To show what the Press has done for us, let us glance for a moment at despotisms where it is fet- tered ; there the poor are termed serfs, maintained in the vilest ignorance under the heel of a military despotism ; no book or printed sheet is allowed to them until it has been read by the censor, and the introduction of any printed sheet con- taining liberal sentiments is prohibited. There the will of one man is law, in our free country the real power is centered in the people. We see that the liberty of the Press secures to every free country its political privileges, and is more guard- ed against by tyrants than hostile fleets and armies. The free expression of opi- nion in Britain has led to confidence, and placed her at once pre-eminent in wealth and science. It has earned for her influence in every part of the world, and carried her flag triumphant over every sea as the unconquerable flag of liberty. Had we no Press we would have no means of communication, but by its in- fluence all events that can interest the human mind are brought into the closet. In ancient times before the discovery of printing, or rather of a cheap fabric on which to multiply impressions — for the art was known at the building of Babel — the best informed men could only learn facts and the state of a country by going and visiting it ; so that a person could not have acquired very much informa- tion, if all his life had been devoted to study ; and had we no Press we should lose our time in acquiring the most ordi- nary information, or remain in ignorance of the real events passing around us. The newspaper, however, contains the reports of legislative, legal, and eccle- siastical courts, foreign news, and in short every kind of intelligence, a regular ex- change of ideas takes place. The peri- odical Press circulates countless thou- sands of sheets, diffusing knowledge and intelligence ; new thinkers daily come into the regions of thought, and are fas- cinated with the stores so richly opened up, therefore we will find that knowledge will progress, and our Printing Press is a guarantee against any dark age when the light of literature will be quenched, and mankind retrograde into darkness and barbarism. The periodical Press of the present day includes, amongst its contri- butors, men of the noblest genius, and the most exalted sentiment. Some of them have perhaps broken down the barriers of ignorance, and after struggling for education have fought their way up the difficult ascent to reputation, or even to fame, and taken their stand side by side, with the noblest dignities in the land, in the legislature, or the professions. In a land of liberty, like ours, where talent is admired and rewarded, the poorest may by perseverance and industry acquire the very highest stations. The greatest men of the day convey their sentiments and opinions through the medium of the Press and we will find our ministers and politi- cal leaders constant contributors to the current periodical literature. With re gard to our Local Press, it is satisfactory to observe that its tone has been gra- dually improving, and when the difficulty of conducting it on a correct principle in this small community is taken into ac- count it does us no discredit. The more respectably the Press is conducted the better it will be for the District, as our Press is the only mirror in which other countries and other times will view us ; so that the more respectable our Press, the higher its tone, the more exalted its sentiments, so much the better it will be for the District. And surely there are public grievances enough to be redressed without opening their batteries upon each other ; let the fire then be simultaneous against the public enemy, and let each support his neighbour for what is good for the public. We require a general reformation. No colony has been so harshly treated as the fair and flourishing District of Port Phillip. The whole sys- tem of Colonial Government is bad and must be reformed. Now, I am certain you will agree with me, that a respectable Press is much more likely to do good than a licentious or abusive one ; a colo- nial minister in Britain takes up one of our local journals and begins to read an article upon some vitally important ques- tion of colonial policy ; if the article is abusive he throws it aside, and the abuse has the effect of preventing him from gleaning what information he could from such a source ; on the other hand, now suppose the same article were written in a fair and candid tone, he reads it through to acquire local knowledge ; a conviction of the truth of the arguments flashes on his memory ; he says I don't know who this fellow is, but he says if I do so and so, such a consequence will be the result : and now I think he is right, and I will be guided by the fellow's advice. I do not know that he would say fellow, but I think it is not far from improbable that he would think the term fellow quite dig- nified enough for any person in the colo- nies. The Colonial Press and the Colo- nial public have enough to do to obtain anything like justice from the Home Go- vernment. Years of misrule and the in- crease of dissatisfaction and complaints over all the colonies have not yet opened the eyes of the Government to the folly of ruling such an extensive dominion by one man. The Colonial Secretary of State puts me in mind of a man playing on a bad violin ; the whole of the company laugh and jeer at his music, but he scrapes away at Canadian waltzes — West India reels — and New Zealand and Australian Polkas ; — the sound is the opposite of musical, but no better can he make of it, and he plays on. The form of Govern- ment is a complete despotism : it is true we have toleration, and that is the only liberality which has been shewn ; our constitution is a mockery, we have not even the semblance of political liberty. I am against democratic license ; but on the other hand I would not have a des- potism, but steer clear between the two extremes, and have a wise and liberal re- presentation — not in a local nominee Le- gislative Assembly, but in the Imperial Parliament itself ; and I trust the day will soon come when a change in the con- stitution of our colonies will be given us by the Imperial Legislature- I cannot take my seat, although I have trespassed already too long on your time — without hoping that the example here given of coupling the Press with civil and religious liberty will make the conductors of the Press more anxious to guard the liberties of the subject from invasion, and continue free and independent in expressing opi- nion. Let it do good and persevere, for in a righteous cause its power is not to be withstood ; it is to the moral world what Captain Warner's shell was to the physi- cal ; and I cannot do better than hope that all the intelligent strangers of the District will use the columns of the news papers to communicate their opinions on the leading topics of the day, and take an interest in the local politics of the colony ; and, before I sit down, let me thank you for the honour you have done us. Alderman Greeves in rising to propose tho next toast, said that it was a subject on which there was some difficulty to of- fer any remarks very apposite to this particular occasion. But when Port Phillip shall gain a verdict in that great cause in which our honoured guest has proved himself so zealous, disinterested and successful an advocate, both the Bench and the Bar will gain something by the motion. His Honor the Judge was accomplished, dignified, and firm ; to propriety of private life, he added a pro found knowledge of his profession. But His Honor would gain something by Se- paration. It would surely be belter to be the Chief Justice of Port Phillip, freed from the trammels of the Sydney bench, than Resident Judge of the Southern District ; and if His Honor did not think so, he could only say he was not so good judge as he thought he was. For the other portion of the toast " the Bar," al- though as a body they had not done much for Separation, all will admit that they have been no ' bar" to it ; and when separated, however strongly Sydney de- mur, they will not be likely to advise a rejoinder. Of the gentlemen comprising the Port Phillip Bar, be would say that a class more distinguished for learning, elo- quence, ability, for unimpeachable integ- rity, and right down good old English gentlemanly feeling, was not to be found in the whole world. Though too late to descant at much length upon Separation, yet the sentiment recalls another closely connected with the legal profession. The speaker then adverted to the re lative sums voted for judicial expendi- ture for the Sydney and Port Phillip Districts being in the proportion of 7 to 1, whilst the population was only in the ratio of 3 to 1. With a Local Legislature of our own— with a Government on the spot— such a state of things would not be allowed to exist for a week ; note day would elapse before It set about to purify our legal code from inconsistent, useless, arbitrary laws, made for a differ- ent state of society, immediately would be made large improvements in the means of administering justice ; more able Courts of Quarter Sessions would bring justice home to every man's door ; extended Courts of Requests would sim- plify the mode and diminish the cost of recovering every man his own ; that fer- tile subject of litigation, the tardiness of of officials, would no longer affect the titles to our land — at least a second Judge would share a portion of the high and solemn responsibility of the Bench. The higher tones thus given to the pro- fession — the increased objects of laudable ambition — the spirit of emulation which was certain to be promoted — the addition of members, he would not say of higher, but the increased access of gentlemen of high attainments, would surely be bene- ficial to the whole legal profession, and therefore of ultimate benefit to the whole public of the province. He had much pleasure in proposing "The Bench aed the Bar " — drank with three times three. Glee — Messrs Coppin and Smith. H. Moor, Esq., in returning thanks said, he had no thanks to give, the Judge did not mix with the inhabitants from whom they extracted their money, and the same exclusive feeling seemed to have extended to the Bar. J. H. Ross, Esq., briefly proposed, "The Chairman"— drunk with three times three. The Mayor in returning thanks for the honor conferred upon him, made some observations relative to the comments which had latterly been made upon his official conduct. It would, perhaps, be indelicate for him to enter upon such at the present time, whilst such a diversity of opinion as to his conduct existed, although he would say that there was no tribunal before which he would more willingly submit his public conduct, than a class of unbiassed, unprejudiced, gen- tlemen, such as those present, Mr Smith here favoured the company with a song. Mr Burchett, in proposing the next toast, said — Mr Chairman and Gentle- men, — We are here to exhibit our respect for the energy and ability of one who has driven in a good cause. This leads us naturally to reflect upon the chief causes which incite to action ; and where shall a man find any so effective and so valuable, as the approval of woman ; for there he receives not the cold elaborate approval of the head, but the kindly generous sympathy of the heart. He is cheered, not driven— he is encouraged to honest exertion, by, to quote the words of a living author, " a melody softer than the dropping leaves of summer, when the birds are singing in them. Mr Chair- man, I give you, " Mrs La Trobe and the Ladies of Port Phillip." " Mrs La Trobe and the Ladies" — drunk with three times three. Mr. Campbell in returning thanks ad- mitted his inability to do so, in conse- quence of their being no ladies present ; it was impossible for him to tell how they might feel had they been present, and as he felt bound to place himself as nearly as possible in their position, he began to feel overcome. He had a strong idea it was a very difficult matter to return thanks for the " honor," inasmuch as he was of opinion that the meeting only did honor to themselves and justice to the ladies, by drinking the toast. However, he joined cordially in the toast, we were all aware of their influence, but he would leave that to the domestic scenes of married life. Most of these present were doubtless in the habit of coming in contact with the ladies daily, but had they, like himself, been in the bush for seven years, they would feel the " influence' seven-fold. He felt so overcome, that he would con- clude simply by returning thanks, not for the honour, but for the justice done to the ladies. Alderman Russell said, Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, the toast I have now the honor to propose is one, which like " good wine require no bush," it being the health of our worthy Vice-Chairmen. These gentlemen are already so well known and esteemed, that for me to re- capitulate their many good qualities in this assembly would be superfluous, suf- fice it to say, I believe every one will agree with me when I say, that for the fulfilment of such duties as at present devolve upon them, no better could have been selected, and trust they may long be spared to preside over similar happy occasions as the present. I have much pleasure in proposing " The Vice Chairmen." " The Vice Chairmen" was drunk with three times three. Alderman Bell returned thanks, and was happy to find that their exertions to promote the harmony of the evening had met with approbation. Mr. Westgarth proposed the next toast, the health of Dr. Leichardt and success to Australian discovery. The name was associated with Mitchell, Sturt, Eyre, and other celebrated explo- rers. The vast solitude discovered by Dr Leichardt would soon be a flourish- ing country. Mr. Coppin favored the company with a song. Mr. Inglis in proposing the next toast said — Mr, Chairman and Gentlemen, the toast 1 have now the honour to propose is, — " the guests of the evening." After the very eloquent speeches you have heard it would ill become me at this late period of the evening to take up your time with any thing which could say in honor of those gentlemen you being as well acquainted with their good qualities as I am. Our esteemed friend and guest Mr Porter, recommends Captain McArthur as a gentleman and thorough good seamen, in whom the ut- most confidence can be placed. I hope when he returns to Britain, he will re- port the reception which the Port Phil- iippians gave to those who have the patriotic spirit when opportunity offer, to advocate their interests. I therefore conclude by proposing the guests of the evening. Captain McArthur returned thanks and Mr. Porter said — Mr Chairman and Gentlemen — It is with considerable pleasure I rise to ac- knowledge, in the name of the guests, the kind manner in which the toast now given has been received, as well as on the part of myself and of them, to re- turn the stewards of this meeting our warmest thanks for giving us an oppor- tunity of meeting on this interesting oc- casion with such an intelligent and re- spectable body of gentlemen as are now assembled round this board. To one of the guests, this must in a more than or- dinary manner be a peculiarly gratifying scene. He has just left the great Scotch emporium of wealth, commerce, and en- terprise, and where he has no doubt from his habits, pursuits, and acquirements taken a prominent part in the busy, ac- tive, and eager struggles, which distinguish and characterise the deni- zens of that bee hive of industry. It must be gratifying for him to know, that though he may have left this scene en- deared to him by early associations, and where all in connection with mercantile pursuits is carried on to a scale of mag- nitude, only inferior to the metropolis of the empire, it must, I say, be gratifying to him to find that the change he has made, is not into some dull and desolate part of the globe, but that in the small town of Melbourne, only now in its in fancy (comparing smalt things with great) a portion of that enterprise, industry, and activity which is visible in the great city of the West, he may here perceive the germs of future greatness, and reflect that when a generation or two shall have passed, and its resources be fully and ex- tensively developed, it may throw Its in- fluence over the habitable globe and gir- dle the ocean with its commerce. And even now when looking around this room were he only surrounded with the bril- liancies which modern invention has sup- plied to illuminate the saloons at home, he might fancy himself feasting amongst the friends he has left behind in some gorgeous department of his father's halls. There is another guest, who for the first time has visited this portion of her Ma- jesty's dominions, and to whom this meet- ing must also be a source of gratification ; 'tis his (the perilous) duty to tread the mountain wave, and when he is once more upon the waters, yet once more, and the waves bound beneath him like a steed that knows its rider, he may in his soli- tary hours on the great deep, reflect with pleasure and gratification upon this even- ing's enjoyment — and when he has reached his native land— the land of the mountain and the flood — he may tell the wondering thousands, that here where the uncivilized blacks, the kangaroo, the emu, and other wild animals were only to be found. the short period of ten years since, that he had set down with such a respectable assemblage, under such auspicious circumstances — and that the grassy fields of Port Phil- lip, that for centuries have been dormant and unproductive, are now studded with the busy settler, and the material of the very coat they are wearing may be the produce of this province. These things reach home through mere heresay, and are presumed to originate through inter- ested motives. But stamped with the authority of such an intelligent person as Captain Macarthur, they will force their belief upon the most sceptical and in- credulous. For myself, a new colonist, but who has frequently since my arrival here had the pleasure of mixing in such companies, I have also to express the satisfaction I feel at being present at this meeting, in the capacity I now stand, as your guest. I have not made myself much acquainted with the political affairs of New South Wales, but any one who has, for better or for worse, located him- self in this beautiful province, must be "dull as the fat weed that rots on Lethes Banks" if he took no interest in the great the paramount question which affects so seriously the financial interests of this province, and although we frequently hear from our northern neighbours, the sullen growl and hollow murmur, like a lion being robbed of bis prey, but which are of no more avail than the feelings of a child, or the rustling of the breeze, let us still persevere undismayed and un- daunted in our efforts for separation, "With hearts resolved, and hands prepared. Our rights, our liberties to guard." Mr Campbell gave, to a very excellent short speech, "Our Father Land, the Rose, Shamrock and Thistle." Air — The Campbells are Coming. Dr. Jamieson returned thanks. This being the last toast, the Chairman va- cated and Mr Moor was voted into it and and the choice spirits made up their minds Not to go home till morning, Till daylight did appear. \------------------------------ Printed an Published by Thomas McCom[?] at the Gazette Office, Collins-street West, Melbourne, Dis- trict or Port Phillip, colony of New South Wales. 