SPECTATOR'S LIBRARY. Evenings with the Poets. MR. EWING'S LECTURES.—No. 2. BEFORE we proceed with our résumé of Mr. Ewing's Lectures, we must beg the attention of our readers to a vexatious error which appeared in the last paragraph of our former notice. We alluded to a "severe, though rightly merited castigation which Mr. H Parkes received from the lecturer." Now, Mr. C. Har- pur was the gentleman on whom Mr. Ewing bestowed some rather cruel animadversions--a fact to which we drew attention in another column of last week's Spectator. As we feared, the antidote was unavailing, and the error, which we were too late to rectify in our inner form, appears to have inflicted pain on Mr. H. Parkes, a letter from whom we insert below. With this explanation we will proceed with our agreeable task. "WHAT IS POETRY?"—The consideration of this question, forms, as our readers will easily conceive, the subject-matter of Mr. Ewing's opening lecture: and before we give his definition of the word we will offer a few remarks in reference to this most difficult point. Our greatest writers agree that there is scarcely any thing so im- portant belonging to their department, and which the rhetoricians have left so little fixed, as the meaning of this word. It is in vain, says the accomplished Dr. Palfrey, to look for a definition of Poetry in any forms of language in which thought is clothed. Certainly rhyme is not essential to it. Rhyme is a modern in- vention of barbarous tribes, bearing, some would say, the clear signature of its barbarous origin; and it is not of universal use even in our modern poems. Nor is rythm essential to poetry, or the recurrence, at prescribed intervals, of the same quality and proportion of syllables; though to say this is to contradict a canon of Longinus. Poetical thoughts are not solely "Thoughts that voluntarily move Harmonious numbers:" for no one hesitates to give the name of Poetry to the remains of Ossian, so called; and some of the best critics have reckoned Fenelon's Telemachus as an Epic. If abandoning the form, we look to the matter of Poetry to sustain a definition, we shall find, at least, a great diversity of judgment among those who have treated such questions. Fol- lowing the highest authority, Aristotle, we should have to make the essence ot Poetry to consist in Fiction; but no one hesi- tates to give the name to warm expressions of the sincerest feelings, or to faithful descriptions of existing objects; and the more graphic and true to reality such expressions and de- scriptions are, the higher poetry do we account them. To call poetry an imitative art is not. satisfactory; and this, not so much because there are no other arts which imitate, as because it is not distinguished by any such characteristic from many forms of prose. Horace cannot be thought to give a good definition in the line "Aut prodesse volunt, aut delectare poetæ." For to give profit or pleasure, or rather to give both, ought to be the aim not only of every other writer, but of every other man as well. In another place we apprehend, he gives us the truer idea: it is where he describes the poet as one, "Ingenium cui sit, cui mens divinior, atque os Magna sonaturum." There must be "genius" in the poet. There must be "the mind divinely touched." But there must still be something added. Else the man may be great, or capable of greatness in some other walk, and not in this. There must be the "os magna sonaturum," the "elevated and ornate expression," and then the Poet is fully furnished and manufactured. The "ingenium," the "mens divinior," all nations will look for in their poets: and accordingly we may find it included, in some way, in all the de- finitions of the art. The forms of utterance of the os magna sonaturum, in different nations, will have reference to the ap- proved fashions of the nations to which it proposes to speak. And accordingly, in this part of the definition we might rea- sonably look tor the diversity of statement which, for want of making it sufficiently broad, we actually find. Where the forms chiefly regarded were tragedy and the epopee, the ideas of fiction and imitation would naturally be found connecting, or rather identifying themselves with the idea of the manifestation of a poetical mind. While in countries and times where the range of subjects for poetical treatment was wider, but the manner of verbal composition in treating all had a degree of uniformity, the distinction of Poetry between Prose would be likely to be seen, more than a careful analysis would warrant, in the cir- cumstances of its conceptions being presented in the clothing of rhyme or blank verse. We are, however, getting into a discussion on the formal structure of poetry—the form which should make the distin- guishing garb in which the conceptions of genius should be arrayed—and as this form, or the mode of utterance in which the os magna sonaturum should speak, presents a theme for in- vestigation which would lead us into inextricable mazes, we will at once quit this point, and devote a little space to that much vexed question—What is meant by Imagination and Fancy in poetical criticism? And in order to assist in the solution let us call Lord Jeffreys into court:— "No point," says his Lordship, "in the metaphysics of poetry appears to have given English critics so much trouble, as the establishment of the distinction between Imagination and Fancy. And this difficulty, it is to be observed, is one which perplexes English critics only; for in no other language does the distinc- tion in question exist. Neither the French Fantasie, nor the Italian Fantasia, has any resemblance at all to our word Fancy, in the sense in which we attribute it as a quality to poetical or romantic compositions. The Germans, those learned analysts, do indeed recognize very minute and refined contrasts between their Einbildungskraft and Phantasie; but then they appear to mean something widely different from ourselves by the attributes thus designated;—the first thing being rather the power of the mind to concentrate its attention on its own imaginary crea- tions; the latter, a quick and keen perception of lively images, suggesting themselves spontaneously. And this very circum- stance, namely, the absence of any distinction similar to our own in foreign languages, might perhaps suggest to us a doubt whether we are not sometimes a little seduced, by an accident of the dictionary, into drawing visionary contrasts where no real difference exists—a suspicion which will be rather increased than lessened, when we observe the odd perplexities into which the endeavour to define and analyze these supposed antagonists, has led some of our chief authorities on the subject. " 'The distinction between Imagination and Fancy is simply,' as one writer tells us, 'that the former altogether changes and remodels the original idea, impregnating it with something ex- traneous. The latter leaves it undisturbed, but associates it with things to which, in some view or other, it bears a resem- blance.' "This distinction seems to us to represent the real difference which exists between the effects of a stroke of Imagination and a stroke of quick Thought, or wit—a concetto, turn, or point. When Homer terms the morn 'rosy-fingered,' we recognize at once the true poetical imagination, 'remodelling,' in our critic's language, 'the original idea, and impregnating it with some- thing extraneous.' In Butler's well-known comparison, 'When, like a lobster boil'd, the morn From black to red began to turn,' we discover a clever effort of wjt, 'associating the original idea with a thing to which, in some view or another, it bears a 're- semblance.' But to cite this as an instance of Fancy, and at the same time to call such creations as Titania, Ariel, Caliban, fanciful, and the mental faculty which conceived them Fancy, would be to render analysis useless, and criticism ridiculous. "Let us hear a very eminent philosopher, the late Dugald Stewart, on the same subject:— 'Fancy is Imagination at a lower point of excitement—not deal- ing with passions, or creating character; not pouring out un- consciously, under the influence of strong feeling, images as they arise massed and clustered—but going in search of compa- risons and illustrations; and when it invests them with person- ality, as in metaphor, still adhering much more closely to the logical fitness and sequence which govern similar ornaments in prose. It seems to act like a colder and weaker species of ima- gination—furnishing the thoughts which 'play round the head, but do not touch the heart;' pleasing the eye and ear; creating or heightening the idea of the beautiful much more than the sublime.' "This is indeed criticism conveyed in exquisite language; but when we come to examine the philosophy of the passage, we fear it will be found indeterminate and inconsistent with itself. The first sentence is striking, and, whether it will bear close analysis or not, it certainly conveys to our mind something nearly resembling the popular notion of the difference between the two words. But Mr. Stewart, unfortunately, loses sight forthwith of his first distinction, and goes after another. Having defined Fancy as identical with Imagination, only 'at a lower point of excitement,' he proceeds to describe its functions as altogether inconsistent with those of the other faculty; for surely there can be no process more different from any exercise of Imagination, than that of 'going in search of comparisons and illustrations.' Here he seems to approach the notion which identifies Fancy with 'Wit,' in the older and more general sense of that word. Yet presently afterwards he returns again to something more resembling his original distinction. Fancy, he says, 'creates or heightens the idea of the beautiful, much more than the sub- lime.' Surely the process of 'going in search of comparisons and illustrations,' is just as likely to end in producing the one as the other. "But—if the reader will forgive our presumptious attempt at dissection—Mr. Stewart does not give us, in this passage, a much clearer notion of the functions of Imagination (which he has elsewhere beautifully defined) than of Fancy. Imagination does not 'deal with the passions,' any more than Fancy—that is, it does so only incidentally: its own empire is elsewhere. Neither can it be properly said to 'create characters:' that is the proper function of the Dramatic Faculty—a faculty con- constantly exhibited in the highest degree by writers who are not poets in any sense of the word. To give the same name to the distinguishing characteristic of Milton, and the distinguishing characteristics of De Foe and Le Sage, could surely serve no purpose but to show how completely over-refined analysis ends in confounding objects, instead of discriminating between them." We cannot follow Lord Jeffery through his elaborate disqui- sition, but will content ourselves with observing that he con- tends that the spurious fancy of which he speaks "is an inferior quality in the scale of poetical excellence to that genuine sort which is merely imagination under another aspect. And yet it would be a most uncatholic and intolerant view of the subject to exclude it from that scale altogether. In point of fact, so accustomed are we to look on Imagination as the poetical faculty par excellence, as undoubtedly it is, that we are sometimes in- duced to regard it hastily as the only one; to consider poetry as strictly and wholly the expression of Imagination. This is not the case only with the pedantic Wordsworthian school of critics who now inundate Great Britain, but with others of more com- prehensive views. And we doubt whether many have reflected how very large a proportion of the pleasure which we derive from poetry is really drawn from the experience of Thought in its various forms—indignant, energetic, graceful, witty, fanciful —without one particle of the creative faculty being concerned in it. To this class belong almost all the satirists, from Horace and Juvenal, to Boileau, Pope, Churchill, whether severe in their indignation, or playing with the follies of mankind. It includes also the rhetorical poets—Lucan, Corneille, and the like; and the 'conceited,' commonly and mistakenly called Fanciful—Donne, Cowley, Marini, Gongora, and their respective followers, It is Thought or Reflection which gives the peculiar tinge of manly energy to the verse of Dryden—which sparkles in graceful criticism in Horace—which enlivens throughout with an indul- gent philosophy and playful lessons of worldly wisdom, the charming narrative of Ariosto. And, to complete the catalogue, Thought and Passion, without one scruple of the strictly poet- ical Imagination, form the whole stock in trade of a nation of no mean rank in poetical literature—the French. There is no such thing as an imaginative French poet or poem--hardly a scene or a passage. But Thought, in all the various forms which we have enumerated, borrowing and turning to the best account the creations of a larger faculty, constitutes the staple commodity of the whole race of French poets; and is blended in those of a higher order with the powerful and harmonious expression of Passion—something, again, wholly distinct from Imagination proper." Thus far a "Scotch Reviewer," in his attempt to establish a distinction too often overlooked; let us now see what an "En- glish Bard" says upon the subject of Imagination—a subject on which our aesthetic philosophers so dearly love so dwell:— "The first quality of a Poet," says Leigh Hunt, "is Imagina- tion, or that faculty by which the subtlest idea is given us of the nature of any one thing, by illustration from another, or by the inclusion of remote affinities; as when Shakspeare speaks of moonlight sleeping on a bank; or of nice customs curtseying to great kings (though the reader may, if he pleases, put this under the head of wit, or imagination in miniature); or where Milton speaks of towers bosom'd in trees, or of motes that people the sun- beams; or compares Satan on the wing at a distance, to a fleet of ships hanging in the clouds; or where Mr. Shelley puts that stately, superior, and comprehensive image, into the mouth of a speaker who is at once firm of soul, and yet anticipates a dreadful necessity— I see, as from a tower, the end of all:' or lastly, where Keats tells us of the realmless eyes of old Saturn (as he sits musing after his dethronement); or of the two bro- thers and their murdered man, riding from Florence: that is to say, the man whom they were about to murder; or where, by one exquisite touch, he describes an important and affecting office of the god Mercury, and the effects of it upon the specta- tors of the lower world, calling him 'the star of Lethe;' by which we see that he was the only bright object which visited that dreary region. We behold him rising on its borders. "In proportion to the imagination, is the abstract poetical faculty: in proportion to extent of sympathy, (for passion, which is everywhere in poetry, may be comparatively narrow and self- revolving,) is the power of universality; in proportion to energy of temperament and variety of experience, is the power of em- bodying the conceptions in a greater or less amount of consis- tent and stirring action, whether narrative or dramatic. The greatest poets have the greatest amount of all these qualities conjoined; the next greatest are those who unite the first two; the next, those whose imagination is exquisite as far as it goes, but is confined to certain spheres of contemplation; then comes the poets, who have less imagination, but more action, who are imaginative, as it were, in the mass, and with a certain vague enjoyment allied to the feelings of youth; then the purely ar- tificial poets, or such as poetize in art rather than nature, or upon conventional beauty and propriety, as distinguished from beauty universal; and then follow the minor wits, the song- writers, burlesquers, &c.; In every instance, the indispensable requisites are truth of feeling, freedom from superfluity, (that is, absence of forced or unfitting thoughts) and beauty of re- sult; and in proportion as these requisites are comprehensive, profound, and active, the poet is great. But it is always to be borne in mind, that the writers in any of these classes, who take lasting hold of the world's attention, are justly accounted su- perior to such as afford less evidence of power in a higher class. The pretension is nothing; the performance everything. A good apple is better than an insipid peach." Thus have we submitted our own humble attempt, as well as the attempts of distinguished men, at the solution of thequestion proposed by Mr. Ewing: it is proper that we now allow this gentlemen to speak for himself; and he thus considers the question propounded by himself—What is Poetry ? " By some it has been called the expression of Imagination: this is not saying enough, as it leaves out some of the essential qualities, that are the constant companions of poetical excellency. Such as the varied pathos of feeling—the plainness and sim- plicity of narrative, and the rapid delineations of fancy. Some have said, that it is nothing more than good prose,—this is equally as vague and inconclusive as the first. It is true that much of our prose is really beautiful poetry, and many of the most effective parts of our finest poems, may be reduced to ele- gant prose; but it does not therefore follow that the two are synonomous, or that it is the measure alone which distinguishes them: certainly they are not the antithesis of each other; but neither are they one. The ancients styled it an "imitative art." This on the other hand includes too much, and means too little, since it includes the whole of the fine arts, and per- fectly excludes the flow of personal feeling, which constitutes one of the greatest charms of poetry. "Passing over all other opinions, in "Don Juan," canto 4, stanza 106, Byron gives us the most logical, the best and the most comprehensive answer to the question of any we possess— 'As on the beach the waves at last are broke, Thus to their extreme verge the passions brought, Dash into Poetry, which is but a passion,' A 'passion' which is ever searching for the beautiful and per- fect, and which, when conceived in its purity, is of a nature holy in itself, and purifying in its effects, and consequently shrinks from all that is polluting and vicious. It is ever long- ing for harmony and agreement, as without them there can be neither beauty nor perfection, and having found them, it me- ditates and admires until pleasure produces exuberance, and the mind, under the influence of such strong excitement, spon- taneously pours forth the conceptions it has formed, and the feelings by which those conceptions have been created, in lan- guage easy, natural, and flowing. To use the condensed and elegant language of one of our most poetical men upon the sub- ject— \---------'A drainless shower Of light is Poesy; 'tis the supreme of power: 'Tis might half slumbering on its own right arm, The very achings of her eyelids charm A thousand willing objects to obey, And still she governs with the mildest sway:' And as if in answer to the opinion that poetry is the expression of imagination, he proceeds— 'But strength alone, though of the muses born Is like a fallen Angel: trees uptorn, Darkness and worms, and shrouds, and sepulchres Delight it: for it feeds upon the briers And thorns of life: forgetting the great end Of Poesy, that it should be a friend To soothe the cares, and lift the thoughts of man."— KEATS. It chooses language that is easy, because the mind can per- ceive no beauty in that which is forced. It uses words natural, and unstrained, because it comes from an overflow of nature, acquires power by the exercise of signs, which in their significa- tion bear the nearest resemblance to itself; and it gives a de- cided preference to a flow, and an uniformity of expression, as with it there is harmony, and harmony is connected with beauty; for 'When fancy will continually rehearse Some painful sight, once present to the eye; Tis well to mould it into gentle verse, That it may lighter on the spirit lie.' "True Poetry, you will perceive, is therefore something which is real; it is not a gilded fiction, a visionary creation, a tissue of deceptions. It does not consist merely in giving to 'airy nothings' a local habitation and a name; it is the mani- festations of co-operating and primitive functions of the mind, acting with a native energy, aroused, quickened, and operated upon by physical objects, daily and hourly recurring circum- stances, and ever varying associations; it is a dialect which approximates the feelings, the passions, and the thoughts of man to the language of those 'spiritual creatures who walk the earth unseen, both when we wake and when we sleep;' it is the cheering voice of universal nature; it is an inflatus which breathes upon the soul an ever brightening vision, and enables it to discover the otherwise invisible connection between the material and spiritual; like the guardian angel of Eternal Hope, it sits above the gross form of things, and when Science in her sublimest efforts fails to carry the immortal mind to the extent of her ardent and innate longing, it bears her aloft upon the viewless wings of a heaven-born vitality, amidst associations incorruptible and gladdening, when one gorgeous and for ever- extending scene of harmony, and love, and perfection stretches gloriously around." In elucidation of these sentiments Mr. Ewing offers the following illustration:— "That cannons are made from metals dug from the bowels of the earth is a fact in science with which you are all ac- quainted; the despatches of Wellington and Bonaparte narrating the destruction which was produced by these weapons upon the memorable 18th of June, are an instance of terrible prose; but when, under the power of Milton, these deadly instruments ap- pear upon the eternal plains of heaven, the idea of cannons ceases then to be a mere detail, it becomes poetical; and when he leads 'the embattled Seraphim to war,' the overthrow which follows the operations of those engines is no longer a matter of Prose, it is the power of Poetry; Idea seizes upon the Imagina- tion, producing pleasure, wonder, and delight. With a ship, again, and a captain's log-book, we have Prose and a Fact; but when Byron, in the 'Corsair,' places Conrad gliding swiftly 'over the waters of the dark blue sea,' the ship, and all connected with it, becomes poetical, and the language which describes it is Poetry." We regret that our space will not allow to accompany the lecturer in detail through his eloquent though certainly over- ornate argument. We must pass over his earnest and im- pressive appeal in favor of the cultivation of his glorious art, and address ourselves to his endeavours to present his audience with a "comprehensive view of the History of Modern Poetry— from the time of William Cowper to the present day." Mr. Ewing professed to effect this "by introducing the works of the greater Poets as they appear in the order of time—classical in so far as the order will permit, and accompanied with such remarks critical and descriptive as might be necessary, together with such quotations from each as should serve best to illus- trate the subject and exhibit the peculiarities of the authors themselves." It will thus be seen that a very comprehensive plan was proposed, and an arduous mode of accomplishing it marked out. Whether Mr. Ewing succeeded in his endeavour, we now proceed to inquire. Commencing with Cowper, with whom began, as the lecturer asserts, a new era in the properties and design of British poetry, Mr. Ewing entered at length into an examination of his works, illustrating his remarks with copious extracts. To the high place he assigned that great poet we yield our hearty approval. In many passages Cowper stands unrivalled by any poet of his country; few, indeed, assert Landor, have touched the heart more delicately, purely, and effectively, than he has done in Crazy Kate, in Lines on his Mother's Picture, in Omai, and on hearing Bells at a Distance. Incomparably better is Cowper's Winter than Virgil's, which reflects no credit on the Georgics, or than Thompson's, which in places is grand. Cowper plays in the play-ground, and not in the churchyard. Nothing of his is out of place or out of season; and very cordially do we agree with Mr. Ewing, that with his writings a new era in British poetry commenced, for he was certainly among the first who put to flight the mischievous imps of allegory, so cherished and fondled by the Wartons. Passing reluctantly from Cowper, the lecturer, in a strain of warm enthusiasm, turned to his immortal countryman, Burns, and we can truly say that in the earnest commendations of the critic, and the obvious admiration with which the audience were carried with him, due honor was paid to Scotia's bard. With Wordsworth, Mr. Ewing concluded his first lecture, illustrating his review of the Poet Laureate's high claims by extracts from his Lines "To a Mountain Daisy," his poem the "Idiot Boy," and his sonnet on "Westminster Bridge." The second lecture was devoted to a consideration of the claims of Southey, Coleridge, Byron, Shelley, Scott, Hemans, Campbell, Moore, T. Haynes Bayly, and Pollok; with ex- tracts from their poems. Very extravagantly does Mr. Ewing estimate the genius of his great idol, Byron. He tells us that "just as Cocker- mouth, Bristol, and Devonshire were each enjoying the full beams of their respective luminaries, and no doubt re- joicing in their light, the fogs of London dispersed; the clouds which wrap around the hoary locks of St. Paul's passed away with many an ominous revolution; and, behold, a Star appeared which was to dim the lustre of every other; around which, as their common centre, many twink- ling things were one day to be seen wheeling, and to which the eyes of all men should ere long be devoted." This Star, Mr. Ewing says, "his audience will all understand to be no less than the author of "Childe Harold," Lord George Gordon Noel Byron,"—"the grand Napoleon of the realms of Rhyme!" Surely this is mere fustian. Enthusiastic admirers as we are of Byron's "thrilling lyre of sounds," we cannot go to the ex- treme length of admiration to which Mr. Ewing attempted to urge his audience. Southey was tolerably correct when he said that Byron wanted no support or setting off, so many zealous work- men were ever employed in the construction of his throne, and so many fair hands in the adaptation of his cushion and canopy. That Byron possessed the soul of poetry, which is energy, we are foremost in asserting; but he wanted that ideal beauty which is the sublimer emanation, we will not say of the real, for this is the more real of the two, but of that which is ordinarily subject to the common senses. With much (says a high au- thority) that is admirable, he has all that is vicious; a large grasp of small things, without selection and without cohesion. Twenty years ago, Mr. Ewing's extravagant praises might have been acceded to by the multitude, but inasmuch as he pro- fessed to lecture on Modern Poetry, he should have remem- bered that "many twinkling things" have appeared within the last few years, which certainly have not "wheeled around" Byron as their "common centre." It is agreed on all hands, that the bigger lights of the heavens are infinitely the most glorious, and we know that the minor poets, 'the twinkling stars, the miscellanies o'er,' become visible only after the great luminaries of poetry are set. Still, many persons feel that the secondary lights have a charm and value peculiarly their own, and will indignantly deny Mr. Ewing's assertion that they are mere satellites to his "bright, particulate Star." Admiration is contagious, and means often little more than sympathy with the general feeling; and we are of opinion that that the loud applause which greeted the lecturer's glowing eulogy of his idol's genius, or his extravagant description of his dying as he had lived, amid the poet's rays, rapt in emotions of joyful sympathy, meant little more than this same sympathy— the pleasure of being, for the hour, in the fashion. This is not the place for expressing our opinions as to the poetry of our idol, Shelley, the next name on the lecturer's list, nor will our space allow us to examine Mr. Ewing's estimate of his works. But unwilling to hastily pass over this mighty minstrel, we will give the extract which the lecturer selected as a specimen of his power:— The Cloud. I bring fresh showers for the thirsting flowers From the seas and the streams; I bear light shade for the leaves when laid In their noon-day dreams. From my wings are shaken the dews that waken The sweet birds every one, When rock'd to rest on their mother's breast, As she dances about the sun. I wield the flail of the lashing hail, And whiten the green plains under; And then again I dissolve it in rain, And laugh as I pass in thunder. I sift the snow on the mountains below, And their great pines groan aghast; And all the night 'tis my pillow white, While I sleep in the arms of the blast. Sublime on the towers of my skiey bowers, Lightning, my pilot, sits, In a cavern under is fetter'd the thunder, It struggles and howls at fits; Over earth and ocean, with gentle motion, This pilot is guiding me, Lured by the love of the genii that move In the depths of the purple sea; Over the rills, the crags, and the hills, Over the lakes and the plains, Wherever he dream, under mountain and stream, The Spirit he loves remains ; And I all the while bask in heaven's blue smile, Whilst he is dissolving in rains. The sanguine sunrise, with his meteor eyes, And his burning plumes outspread, Leaps on the back of my sailing rack, When the morning-star shines dead. As on the jag of a mountain crag, Which an earthquake rocks and swings, An eagle alit one moment may sit In the light of its golden wings. And when sunset may breathe, from the lit sea beneath, Its ardours of rest and of love, And the crimson pall of eve may fall From the depth of heaven above, With wings folded I rest, on mine airy nest, As still as a brooding dove. That orbed maiden, with white fire laden, Whom mortals call the moon, Glides glimmering o'er my fleece-like floor, By the midnight breezes strewn ; And wherever the beat of her unseen feet, Which only the angels hear, May have broken the woof of my tent's thin roof, The stars peep behind her and peer; But I laugh to see them whirl and flee, Like a swarm of golden bees,. When I widen the rent in my wind-built tent, Till the calm rivers, lakes, and seas, Like strips of the sky fallen through me on high, Are each paved with the moon and these. I bind the sun's throne with a burning zone, And the moon's with a girdle of pearl; The volcanoes are dim, and the stars reel and swim, When the whirlwinds my banner unfurl. From cape to cape, with a bridge-like shape, Over a torrent sea, Sunbeam proof I hang like a roof, The mountains its columns be. The triumphal arch through which I march With hurricane, fire, and snow, When the powers of the air are chain'd to my chair, Is the million-color'd bow; The sphere-fire above its soft colors wove, While the moist earth was laughing below. I am the daughter of earth and water, And the nursling of the sky; I pass through the pores of the ocean and shores; I change, but I cannot die. For after the rain, when with never a stain, The pavilion of heaven is bare, And the winds and sunbeams with their convex gleams, Build up the blue dome of air, I silently laugh at my own cenotaph, And out of the caverns of rain, Like a child from the womb, like a ghost from the tomb, I arise and unbuild it again. From the heights of Byron and Shelley, Mr. Ewing tells us "we must descend and view the progress of Poetry as she walks in a dress certainly less dazzling, but no less beautiful, through scenes and fields lying in a humbler altitude, but nurtured with a cooler green, because less sunnied in its hue."—But to whom, think you, in this "humbler altitude" are we first introduced?— To SIR WALTER SCOTT! Oh, glowing dreams of bright romance, That, teeming, fill'd his ample brow: Where is his darling Chivalry— Where are his visions now? His Muse nurtured in a cooler green! and we to descend to gaze at The flashing eye, That kindled up at Flodden field-- That saw, in fancy, onsets fierce, And flashing spear and shield! Or, to view the progress through humbler scenes of The eager and untiring step, That urged the search for Border lore, To make old Scotland's heroes known On every peopled shore! The wond'rous spell that summon'd up The charging squadrons fierce and fast, And garnished every cottage wall With pictures of the past; Or to note amongst "twinkling things," The graphic hand that drew at once The traits alike so truly shown, In Bertram's faithful pedagogue, And haughty Marmion: The hand that equally could paint, And give to each proportion fair, The stern, the wild Meg Merrilees, And lovely Lady Clare! Again do we object to Mr. Ewing's estimate of genius; again do we object to his unequal comparisons. The genius of Scott, so far from loitering, in lowly dress, through fields in a humbler altitude, reposed upon the Helmet and the Sword, was always in contact with Chivalry, and Chivalry became the passion of his soul. Scott's massy claymore befitted "The world of banners, tents, and sun- bright armoury." Whilst the jewelled hilt of the oriental dirk of Byron more appropriately graced the cabinet or the boudoir. We must enter our firm protest against Mr. Ewing's unfair comparisons— against his disparaging estimate of the "Ariosto of the north, Who sang ladye-love and war, romance and knightly worth." We must pass over the lecturer's just and eloquent tribute to Mrs. Hemans—his prodigal praise of Campbell—his somewhat clumsy admixture of Moore's Melodies with O'Connell's RinT- system*—his sneering allusions to that accomplished poet and critic, Leigh Hunt—his hasty nominal list of other 'bards of glorious renown,' Wilson, Millman, Crabbe, the two Mont- gomeries, Sotheby, Procter, Hogg, Lamb, Cunningham, and Clare—his panegyrical introduction of Haynes Bayly—and his enthusiastic eulogy of another of his idols, Robert Pollok. We have, in our previous notice, expressed our opinion as to the lec- turer's sins of omission and commission; and we now pass to his third and concluding lecture. To Bloomfield, Kirke White, and Keates was the main por- tion of this lecture devoted; after which the Hon. Mrs. Norton, and other contributors to English periodical literature received a few graceful, though seemingly not very sincere, compliments. We think that Mr. Ewing considerably underrates the claims of the really Modern Poets, the contributors to the leading journals and magazines of the present day. Such writers, we again assert, as Thomas Hood, Elizabeth Barrett, Mrs. Norton, Monkton Milnes, Mrs. Brooke, Lady Emmeline Stuart Wortley, Mrs. Southey (Caroline Bowles), Sara Coleridge, Laman Blan- chard, B. Simmons, Faber, Eliza Cook, and others, who have chosen magazines and newspapers as their chief and favorite means of publishing their best works, are not to be classed among the "heart and impart" bards, who Mr. Ewing would fain persuade us, form the principal contributors to periodical litera- ture. In support of this assertion we will confidently appeal to the readers of the Spectator, wherein have been set some precious gems from most of the writers we have named. But we must hasten to a close; and we now turn to the Colonial Poets whom Mr. Ewing honored by introducing them into the company of their British brethren. The writers whose compositions the lecturer alluded to were Messrs. H. Halloran, W. C. Wentworth, W, Foster, R. Lynd, Sylvester, Wools, H. Parkes, C. Harpur, R. Lowe, and C. Thompson, 'The Australian Shepherd,' the Rev. John Duffus, Messrs. S. P. Hill, and John Rae, 'Æneas,' Mrs. Dunlop, and Ourselves. We have already expressed our dis- sent from Mr. Ewing's taste in quotation, and we think he might have devoted more time to an analysis of the beauties, and less to the defects, of Australian Poetry. We admit that there was much justice in his examination of the extravagantly high claims set up for Mr. C. Harpur by some injudicious friends; and yet that gentleman has produced compositions of much merit. Whatever be his faults we will forgive them, if it be only that some lines of his to an "Echo on the Banks of the Hunter," (published in 1843) formed the inspiring theme for the following beautiful stanzas by Mr. HENRY HALLORAN:-- And i in early youth had hopes as deep, That Fame, fair vision! would be one day mine:— That manly hearts would burn, and bright eyes weep, Moved by the magic of an art divine, Which I rejoiced to learn, and still am proud to keep. And tho' no longer phantom-led as then, But bless'd with all that I can well desire— I still delight to move my fellow- men;— With generous thoughts to bid their hearts aspire; Vain is all other fame, which pencil wins, or pen. For let thy mental eye, with backward gaze, Pass over even a century of time, And deem how many gave their nights and days, To the sweet breathings of impassioned rhyme, And all for this loved hope, which still alas! betrays. I see their young eyes flashing with delight,— I see the inspired youth, the adoring lover, With hopes of love and poesy, most bright ; And mentally, I read their fond words over,— Now lost within the past, as in the depths of night, We are deluded by this hope of fame— It is a false, tho' much desired good:— A far more generous and more holy aim, Is to exalt the living multitude,— Awakening in their souls, great thoughts, to burn like flame; Yes, this should be our aim, nor ill repaid, To make men feel how great the gift of life; How sacred human rights—too oft betrayed: How vain and cruel is all war and strife; And that the soldier's course is oft a murderous trade. To teach how worthless is the common quest, Of Wealth and Station—even the pride of birth; To shew them that the Poor may still be bless'd, May raise his head above the kings of Earth,— If he, of moral greatness, feel himself possessed. To teach them what a blessing Freedom is— Freeing the soul from chains, more hard to bear Than those which wound the flesh:—to teach them this, And that it spreads it's bright arms everywhere, Raising the oppressed and weak from misery's deep abyss. * An admixture, which Mr. Ewing deemed it necessary to explain away on the last evening of his Lectures. To mingle Polemics with Poetry is a dangerous attempt, and so found the lecturer in his injudicious allusions to the "kneeling of Ireland at the foot of Daniel O'Connell." To teach them what Love is— the essential part Of Christian Charity—which suffers long, Which heals the wounded, binds the broken heart, Which cannot do, and will not sanction wrong, Which makes a fragile child, e'en as a giant strong. The might of Conscience, and of Truth the power, The majesty of Virtue to unfold:— To cherish these e'en to our dying hour;— For mortals fashioned in a heavenly mould, Can have no blighter, and no higher dower. To teach Religion, not as some now teach— Making it foul with abject hopes and fears, But a bright guide, thro' whom, we all may reach The presence of our God, altho' in tears, And which e'en now yields balm to heal the woes of each. To teach to men the dignity of Man— The child of Progress, and the Son of God— The Heir of Heaven—who, tho' a narrow span, He seem to fill on earth—and bear the rod Of suffering—is yet a God, in the Almighty's plan. To lead them thence, meekly to contemplate The "Father of our Spirits," the Supreme, The Invisible God, Eternal, Great;— Until this Prime Idea, brightly beam Like sunlight o'er the souls, alas! now desolate. If such should be our life's devoted aim, Why heed the issue, or the conflict shun? What tho' we should not compass human fame? There is a brighter guerdon to be won; Such is the path I choose, it cannot lead to shame. With such lines as these to refer to as specimens of our colo- nial poetry, we think Mr. Ewing scarcely did justice to his subject in the selections he made. With Mr. Halloran, and with many other of our Australian poets, their art is no mere trick of versification, but is a genuine growth of nature, having its root deep in their hearts—hearts accustomed to meditate with earnest- ness, and feel with truth, upon the great duties and interests of mankind. Mr. R. Lowe's "Swiss Sketches" were cited as admirable ad- ditions to colonial literature. We could have desired that Mr. Ewing had reviewed the first poem which Mr. Lowe published in this colony, "The Moon," and given his opinion as to its close resemblance to Shelley's 'Cloud,' which we have quoted above. We are not now disposed to inquire how far the hon. and learned member for St. Vincent may be obnoxious to the charge of plagiarism; but we will enable our readers to judge for themselves. Here is the poem:— The Moon. When infant earth, In might and mirth, Burst from the chain that bound her; I sprang from her breast, Like a bird from her nest, To hover for ever around her; I shed my power O'er many an hour, When labour and grief are still; And the tides of Ocean, In wildest commotion, Are swayed like a child at my will. Full many a child Of Genius wild, Has basked in my noon of glory; And drunk a thought Which art has wrought, To a theme of doubtless story. And many a maiden With love o'erladen, Has sat with her lute beside her; And caught a bliss From my pearly kiss, Which warmer lips denied her. Yet rather gaze On the blinding rays, Of the Sun in noon-tide splendour! Than bathe in the streams Of my wizard beams, Though soft be their glance and tender. For a withering pain Shall shrivel thy brain-- In the midst of thy hour of gladness; And the bow that wafts My piercing shafts, Is strung by the hand of madness! I saw the pall Of vapours fall, On that doomed and silent earth : When Ocean broke His iron yoke, I heard the Earthquake's mirth. I could not trace On Earth's pale face, The shadows of land and deep! For the shoreless wave Was Nature's grave, I saw, and I could not weep. For fear and sorrow New wings must borrow, E'er they soar to my cold calm shrine; Man's pigmy race Has dale and place, But other, far other, is mine. Yon Sun may shine To ripen the vine, And call up the seed that is sown; Let him serve like a slave, The child of the grave, I shine for myself alone. Full many a change, Drear, wild and strange, I've seen in my parent's form; When the curdling mould Of a world grown old, Was stirred by the breath of the storm. Yet still did I speed On my way without need, Nor mourned for the wreck that was doing; For my calm cold light Is my own delight,. And I smile o'er the ashes of ruin. Alfred Tennyson was once reminded that, highly as the pub- lic valued the poems he had produced, they could not accept them as a satisfactory account of the gifts which they showed that he possessed; any more than a painter's collection of studies could be taken for a picture, in place of the picture itself. The same hint may be applied to our colonial poets; many of them have displayed powers, adequate, if we mistake not, to the production of great works; but by being displayed in fragments, having no connexion, and deriving neither light nor interest the one from the other, their real value is incalculably diminished. We sincerely trust, then, that the attention and enthusiasm which attended Mr. Ewing through his highly interesting lec- tures, will have their due effect on our Australian bards, and that some amongst them will yet produce works, which, though oc- cupying no larger space than the contents of the volumes of sketches they may hitherto have published; "shall as much ex- ceed them in value, as a series of quantities multiplied into each other exceeds in value the same series added together." We must now conclude. That Mr. Ewing has not altogether succeeded in his proposal to give a comprehensive view of Mo- dern Poetry, we think must be admitted. But, however we may differ from him on points of criticism and taste, we very sin- cerely offer him the humble tribute of our praise for the zeal and enthusiasm with which he has attempted his task. For his complimentary allusions to ourselves, in respect to our exertions in the cause of the 'divine art,' we are thankful; but we confess that our claims to such high praise are but of slender character. From the structure of feet and their reference to the number, quantity, and order of syllables, we have, of late years, been compelled to turn to dry discussions as to the proportions of Land, Labor, and Capital, and even these, our 'Evenings with the Poets,' have been with difficulty stolen from the heavier duties of the day. That we have, by our selections for this and other jour- nals, from the modern British and Australian poets, endeavoured to cultivate in this colony a taste for the higher departments of the art, we may, without egotism, fairly claim for ourselves. Beyond this, we do not ask for praise. Most willingly do we award a portion of the "Spectator's Library" to the "Modern Poets," and — If aught be lovely here, it is their own, Their genius rears the flowers, we twine the wreath alone. Poems-, by Thomas Hood. Two vols. Moxon. Lon don. 1846. Mr. Hood desired upon his deathbed that this collection of his poetry should be made. He was silent as to other of his writings. He knew that plenty of care would be taken of them. The world is ready enough to laugh and make merry with you ; when to think with you, and to feel with you, is found not so easy a matter. We will venture to say that mere personal fame entered little into the dying thought that prompted this request. There is something in the more prominent pieces that composed these volumes which forbids us to think so. There is a terrible weight and earnestness which we cannot connect with any thing less awful or impressive. We cannot think of that elegant loud trumpet through which fame speaks — within hearing of that Warning Voice " Which he who saw the Apocalypse heard cry." Let us warn the reader at once that this is not a joyful book. In the second volume, indeed, are many of those charming fancies which belong to the earlier time of the writer's genius, and which will always move a " grave sweet pleasure j" but what is essential, affecting and enduring in it, is graven with the characters of sadness. Even the puns are the play of grief rather than joy ; and to be laughed at, if at all, as we think and laugh at the conceits of Shakspeare, in the mouth of old dying John of Gaunt. But it is not sadness without hope. Mr. Hood had too wise and strong a heart for that. He had keen and dagger-like words for social evils ; but pervading the bitterest and saddest of his writings is a depth of tenderness and pity, and a force of gentle persuasion, which seem to us to have unequalled beauty, inexpressible pathos, and a concernment for all to whom he speaks, which will do good in the world as long as good re mains to be done. The wounds I might have heal'd! The hnman sorrow and smart ! And yet it never was in my soul To play so ill a part : But evil is wrought by want of Thought, As well as want of Heart ! This sadness not without hope let us illustrate in the verses which by their date would seem to have been his last. If Mr. Hood had written nothing but this short piece, we believe his name would have been remembered. Here is the thought which is every day the thought of one or other us, the hope for which all should live, the experience which all must know, How brief, sweet, sad, yet hopeful ! Farewell Life ; my senses swim, And the world is growing dim : Thronging shadows cloud the light. Like the advent of the night — Colder, colder, colder still, Upward steals a vapour chill ; Strong the earthy odour grows— 1 smell the mould above the rose 1 Welcome Life ! the Spirit strives 1 Strength returns and hope revives ; Cloudy fears and shapes forlorn Fly like shadows at the morn, — O'er the earth there comes a bloom ; Sunny light for sullen gloom, Warm perfume for vapour cold — I smell the rose above the mould I April, 1845. The " Elm Tree" is one of the noblest poems in the collection. Very solemn and fine it is— a grand " dream" on the mysterious affinities of the visible and outward with the spiritual and inner world. But its theme is not of " comfort." It is of " graves, and worms, and epitaphs." Ah, little dreams the haughty Peer, The while his Falcon flies— Or on the blood-bedabbled turf The antler'd quarry dies— That in his own ancestral Park The narrow dwelling lies ! The Elm Tree is the last appointed home of man ; and from that which waited for the poet, as he stood in " a shady avenue where lofty elms abohnd," he heard a " solemn sound and sad," That sometimes murmur'd overheard, And sometimes underground, and which haunts and follows him : A hollow, hollow, hollow sound, As is that dreamy roar When distant billows boil and bound Along a shingly shore- But the ocean brim was far aloof, A hundred miles or more. So near, and yet so remote, is Death. In that feeling of the sublimest and most affecting analogies which is a constituent element of only the very highest poetry, we doubt if Mr. Hood ever equalled this poem. Its solemn range and grandeur make a deep impression; and the modu lations of its verse are fine in the extreme. But undoubtedly the weight of thought and feeling in it amounts to the painful ; and if we have at any time a doubt of the position of Mr. Hood will eventually take among the poets, it arises on this ground. But whatever be his destiny in that particular, he will remain foremost among the philosophic teachers, and those who hava combined the highest success in literature with the most service to humanity. We cannot turn away from this poem of the " Elm Tree," without noticing one of its simple natural pictures. We take that of the Woodman, whose lifelong task has been "the timber tree to fell." Through Summer's parching sultriness, And Winter's freezing cold, From sapling youth To virile growth, And Age's rigid mould, His energetic axe hath rung Within that forest old. Aloft, upon his poising steel The vivid sunbeams glance » About his feet and round his feet The forest shadows dance ; And bounding from his russet coat The acorn drops askance. Again — No rustic song is on his tongue, No whistle on his lips; But with a quiet thoughtfulness His trusty tool he grips, And, stroke on stroke, keeps hacking out The bright and flying chips. Most part of the other poems we have on former and recent occasions described in detail, and with warm and earnest admi ration. But the "Ode to Rae Wilson, Esq.," who had charac terised some of the writer's verses as ' profaneness and ribaldry,' is less familiar to us, and contains a dissection of Oant as mas terly in its wit and wisdom as the best strokes of Rabelais or Voltaire. I do not hash the Gospel in my books, And thus upon the public mind intrude it, As if I thought, like Otaheitan cooks, No food was fit to eat till I had chew'd it. On Bible stilts I don't affect to stalk ; Nor lard with Scripture my familiar talk, — For man may pious texts repeat, And yet religion have no inward seat ; 'Tis not so plain as the old Hill of Howth, A man has got his belly full of meat Because he talks with victuals in his mouth ! Christian gentleness and true religion lurk beneath these laughing lines. On such a vital topic sure 'tis odd How much a man can differ from his neighbour : One wishes worship freely giv'n to God, Another wants to make it statute labor — The broad distinciion in a line to draw, As means to lead us to the skies above. You say — Sir Andrew and his love of law, And I — the Saviour with his law of love. Spontaneously to God should tend the soul, Like the magnetic needle to the Pole ; But what were that intrinsic virtue worth, Suppose some fellow, with more zeal than knowledge, Fresh from St. Andrew's College, Should nail the conscious needle to the north ? I do confess that I abhor and shrink From schemes, with a religious willy-nilly, That frown upon St. Giles's sins, but blink The peccadilloes of all Piccadilly — My soul revolts at such bare hypocrisy, And will not, dare not, fancy in accord The Lord of Hosts with an Exclusive Lord Of the world's aristocracy. It will not hold a notion so unholy, As thinking that the rich by easy trips May go to heav'n, whereas the poor and lowly Must work their passage, as they do in ships. Let us be warn'd, then — A man may cry Church ! Church ! at every word, With no more pietv than other people — A daw's not reckon'd a religious bird Because it keeps a-cawing from a steeple. One more happy stanza, and the last. A most pretty sim plicity there is in it, and a generous philosophic truth. Church is " a little heav'n below, I have been there and still wonld go,"— Yet I am none of those who think it odd A man can pray unbidden from the cassock, And, passing by the customary hassock, Kneel down remote upon the simple sod, And sue in forma pauperis to God. Another ode, " On a distant prospect of Clapham Academy," is rife with the same exqusite truth and charity, touching lightly the profoundest feeling, and bringing out mirth and sad ness in pathetic union. He sees the boys at the school games ; hoop and fives, marble taw and horses. Yet he would gladly halt and drop That boyish harness off, to swop With this world's heavy van — To toil, to tug. . O little fool ! Whilst thou can'st be a horse at school To wish to be a man ! Perchance thou deem'st it were a thing To wear a crown, — to be a king ! And sleep on regal down I Alas ! thou know'st not kingly cares ; Far happier is thy head that wears That hat without a crown ! The great poem of Eugene Aram is familiar to all who have any knowledge of modern literature. What a striking opening— 'Twas in the prime of summer time, An evening calm and cool, And four-and-twenty happy boys Came bounding out of school ; There were some that ran and some that leapt Like troutlets in a pool. Away they sped with gamesome minds, And souls untouched by sin ! To a level mead they came, aud there They drave the wickets in; Pleasantly shone the setting sun Over the town of Lynn. Like sportive deer they cours'd about, And shouted as they ran,— Turning to mirth all things of earth, As only boyhood can : But the Usher sat remote from all, A melancholy man ! And what an ominous and terrible close — That very night, while gentle sleep The urchin eyelids kiss'd, Two stern-faced men set out from Lynn, Through the cold and heavy mist ; And Eugene Aram walked between, With gyves upon his wrist. Another extract must be our last. It is a little poem called The Death Bed: a pure and perfect gem. It is placed among the poems of the Author's later life, but was written, we believe, in his youth. We watch'd her breathing thro' the night, Her breathing soft and low, As in her breast the wave of life Kept heaving to and fro. So silently we seem'd to speak, So slowly mov'd about, As we had lent her half our powers To eke her living out. Our very hopes belied our fears, Our fears our hopes belied— We thought her dying when she slept, And sleeping when she died. For when the morn came dim and sad, And chill with with early showers, Her quiet eyelids clos'd — she had Another morn than ours. Of the Song of the Shirt, the Haunted House, the Bridge of Sighs, the Lady's Dream, it needs not now to speak ; or of the golden Wonders of Miss Killmansegg. 'Charles Lamb's humour and wisdom would have hugged and rejoiced in the latter poem; the earlier would have struck him to the heart. There are no weak thoughts, no prosaic lines, no got-up emotion of any kind, in these great massive compositions. Shelley has put it as a test of poetry (and the remark is a fine one) that it makes fa miliar objects be as if they were not familiar. Here are objects the most familiar lifted into spheres of this grandest imaginative thought, yet only that they may sink back into the homeliest corner of the heart, and make it more compassionate and gentle. Anything at once so tragical, so piteous, and so true, the world of poetry does not elsewhere contain. There are verses you admire and talk about ; these are verses you treasure up for solitary and silent hours. Heaven's gates are not so highly arch'd As Princes' palaces. They that enter there Must go upon their knees. — London Examiner. 