Local Zntollijeaco. Taking tiie Veil. — A demure look- ingindividual named Mary Lynch, sins, yes terday, brought heforo the bench, by Sergeant King, who had arrested her nl the instigation of Mr J. M. Cliisholtn, for stealing a bonnet nnd nil, the property of Alis Chishciltii. AJary, it appeared, bat! entered into the service of Mrs Cbisholm, but after remaining there a few dais, becamo so enamoured of Iter miitrcjs' bonnet and veil, that temptation was no longer to be relisted, nnd slid nccnr.iinily doped with the articles which had sii cnplivnted Iter fancy, tier peculation was not discovered, till Alts Gliisliolm being requested by her lord nnd master to enjoy the refreshing evening breeze, found her ' dunstublu and trimmings' gone. The fact being communicntctl to Sergeants King nnd Swindell, of the police, on tbj afternoon of the santu day, limy espied Aliss Alary evidently under the influence of — something strong, entering a public house io the vicinity of Hoitrke-laae, Iter 'upper winks' being adorned with something more orna mental and tasteful than was exhibited l v ' llir. oilier component portions of precious cpt case; she wis bailed Ly the two setceants;- when she fenied any l.iinw- ledljo of Mrs Chlsholm, statin-, bin, had bought the bonnet in (ieelmg, rs jliM th-.ivi.il which had ottgimil.y bdon-e I t'n it She was remanded until "this morning, to procure the attendance !ui a matviia! wit ness. A Licensed Vr.nictr. — A lionise wns grained on Saturday Jo Mr. LTosbie, of Ilri„litip, l«ir a two-hniso Vihirlp, intended tu ply heiirccu Unit locality md Melb-jum V an iD ibm b n 's ,La n d .rntllo. QJficiu t Gazette of 27th June, enntnins the following nmiounoeniciit : — Her Alnjestv has hoeu plensed ' to appoint William Thninno Denison, Esq., Captnin in tho corps of Uoynl - 'Enginenrs lo ha .Lieulenatit-Govcrnor of Van Diomcn's Land."— Times, July 1st.- Tlie Herald in copying litis extract says.: "From the first tve nnnouncod positively that Mr. La Trobo's appointment was only tom- ni porary,. but. other jouriialsgay.o.. .different opinions." " Other journals" guvo no opi- . nion at all on tho matter.— Ed. P. P. P. DlSOUACEFUL cbnduct' ov ' tiie' Black Police.— Yesterday, Mr. Peacock, malinger'- ol'.Thu school estahlislicd.at the, Merri Creek, lor the laudable purpose of educating the youthful aborigines,. Appeared bajbre thu licncli to' complain ol the inces- innfjinaoyance to whicit lie was subjected by the black pojicc, in consequence-: of tho jnttcr munil'eMing a .strong inclination to avail theihselrcs of tlie srrvices qf tlio lads .who qru under n course uf cducatitln at tho Ynrra school. On Saturday, tho applicant" stated oho, ..of - the black police trained Gellibrnnd, catne anil took a way four uf tho boys, and on being remonstrated with, turned round ami. spat in his ("Mr. Pea-, iock's);fcce. Tho jiarenls of .the children who were nt the. school, were most anxious that their' .offspring, should derive tho benefits of christian' instruction, ns n proof of wliicb, sumo short tittle ago, when Several of the children were enticod nwuy, their pnrcnls (went n distance- tif u'pwnrds of" sixty miios, and brought them back to lilts white pmiplo tvho hnd behaved so kindly to them. Air. Hull who presided upon the bench, snitl liulc although ho hud not taken an active part in tho society with which Mr- Peacock was connected, lie had lor sometime past, with pleasure matkctl its progress, and more laudable objects limit tlioso which it sought to attain, it would, be difficult to imagine ; consequently it was . only right that every protection nnd en couragement should bo afforded to tlioso, who were immediately connected width; tho conduct of tho black policctnnti iu this instance lie considered infamuus, and would leave it to Mr. Peacock to say whether a, wnrrrnnt should be granted against tho delinquent, (Gellibrnnd) or the matter he' referred to Captain Lonsdale. Mr. Pincuck . preferred tlio latter course, nmlThanking the ' magistrate fur the interosc which he had ' displayed in the institution .nitli- which he wns connected, left the office. -.:. : Ghosts and " Spirits." — An uu- : usual nmnber of emncinied looking wretches, whose souls and bodies, alike hid fnir" to > fall a sacrifice to (he demon, ' Alcohol,'- ' made their appearance before the tntigis-' trntes, after n night's sojourn in tho watch-'" house, yesterdny morning. Some wretched looking females were hovering about tlio office, evidently snficiing from no incon siderable mental anxiety, specnlating upon the sentence which would he passed upon a husband, a brother, or n ' friend,' w ho had been committing themselves on the previous- night. With n view to ciiitail this evil, wro make n point of registering the names of nil' offenders — first came Thomas Ryan, who, nodded assent to the charge of drunken ness; tlis 'nob' vvngged in n revet se way,'' 'however, when ashed if ho could pay fivn 'shillings, nnd twenty- four hours 1 durnnco were consequently ulioUc-d him ; next canto .Alexander -Smith, it was his fifth offence,- nnd_T wenty-fivo shillings nut being forth-. 'eonithj', ""TnrFe " days"" imprisonment wcro considered by the bench as an equivalent j. next came Miss Jane Gaudy, a young lady wearing n profusion uf dishevelled hair, ( which scarcely ' a, man about town,'how-- Arnr nniioiii in onin lis lwir4 rwirl m.iitinn \- - j - -» r would have the audacity to term ' auburn,' in lact, tho magistrates,' with a praiseworthy desire not to endanger (he uninsured,' shickcry, edifice, desired her to be gono- as quickly tis possible; next carnu n gentle man, wtiose appearance indicated tliat fits means rattier more justified liim in sacrific ing to tlie 'jolly god' than bis predecessors'; a slight addition, however, to this charge, for negligently and carelessly riding brought with it no additional fine of some two pounds odd shillings, and Mr David Siflon, the delinquent, was coiiscquc-utly permitted, under thu escort of a constable, to repair to his lodgings to provide himself with' - iho necessary amount. The Hunt— Is at the Death. — On Satmdny morning as Constable Trocey was proceeding Irom Culiinguiind towards town, lie espied a gentleman in " the travel ling line," connected with a first-rate liutch- ermg tstablislimrnt, named Alexnodcr Ellis, galloping full pelt after a little follow, who at last luirlv winded took refio-e behind a fence, when tlio ktiight of tlio steel dis mounted and commenced pitching in right and left to bis victim, umil the opportune arrival of Triicev, who forthwith conveyed him tho watclibouse. It appeared that tho lad who had been assaulted wus a baker's boy named Tailor, und that lie and thy De fendant had turn in the habit of plaving practical jukes upon each other, thus Iillix would occasionally cover Taylor with bul lock's blnml, while Taylor in return would sometimes airn a IwJidlnll or two of flour at the devoted head of Mr. Ellis — in fact, a friendly understanding seemed to exist be tween the panics that on ell and tvery occa sion they wereto cause .each oilier all tho ntiuoytitico io their power. The casn was dismissed — the parties being recommended toatoid such pranks lor lite future. THE SPECIAL CONSTABLES. — Another batcb of these gentlemen, to the number of twenty-seven, were sworn in yesterday. As usual, the claims for exemption were nu- merous, but few were entertained. Mr. Campbell, of the firm of Campbell and Mor- rison, claimed exemption on the ground that his partner hand been already sworn in— claim admitted. Mr. Alexander Sutherland laid claim to exemption having served for three consecutive years ; this fact, the Mayor informed him, would not avail, so far as swearing in was concerned, although it might in the event of the specials being called out. Mr. Kirk, the butcher, asked the Mayor what authority he had to swear in special constables ? His Worship, with his usual tone and good humour, read the Corporation Act, which thoroughly "flab- bergasted" Mr. Kirk, and he consented to be sworn as quiet as a calf killed upon the most approved principle of bleeding to death. Mr. Charles Bradshaw, of the firm of Dun- lop, Macnab and Co., was exempted in con- sequence ofl being a resident at Avoca. Mr. W. F. Splatt claimed a similar privilege, residing some three or four miles from town; unfortunately, however, Mr. Splatt resided in his tent at St. Kilda, which being within the town of Melbourne, the objection was held to be invalid. Narrow Escate from a Sjjake. — On Monday Inst upon Mr. Wright, of the Deep Creek, proceeding to a stable upon liis premises allotted to the rncer " i'aul Jones," lic found tlio animal covered with foam noil evidently muoh excited from somu cause which was not nt that moment apparent. The cause of the tin i null's iilunn, however, did not long remain a mystery ; Mr. Wright -honring a rustling in the straw, directed the horse to bo immediately removed, and pro ceeding with duo caution, succeeded in start ing t? huge black snake from tlio bed, which he eventually succeeded in shooting. The reptile mensiirod six feet. four, inches in length, and by what means it succeeded in obtaining ingress to tlio stablo is as yet un accounted lor. Daring Burglary. — A daring bt)>glury was committed on isntnrday cven- ingt oven that stmclum sanctorum, tlio police office, could nut escape the notice of the numerous adepts at improper appropria tions with which the town unfortunately abounds, some of whom actually burst open llio-front dour of the building, and availing themselves of a box in which lines, &c.; are deposited, extracted therefrom the sutn of twenty threo shillings. No. clue whatever Jtas yet been obtniued, calculated to lead tu the detection of the theives. Covering a Retreat. — A day or two ngo as one of tlio mounted police was convoying a mail to town, on arriving at the -Deep Creek, ho ventured to load his prisoner into tlio kitchen of the inn kopt by Mr Wright fur n minute or two, thus affording an 'opportunity which appeared to present too many tempta tions for an escape not to be inline- -dintoly embraced. Away scampered the. prisoner, and after him the Tulip,' who caught sight of him in tho distance — after a smnrt run, all trace of the fugitive was lost, but Mr Wright convinced that be was iin the scent, persisted in 'beating evciy bush, and at last succeeded in discovering my gentleman comfortably csconsoil, who was forthwith -conveyed 'bock to the spot from whence ho had decamped. Legal Intelligence.— -On. Saturday thecourt was occupied for somelurarsin listening to the , arguments 011. demurrer ia tlio raise .Abrahams v. Cutsen, in which his Honor will deliver, his decision some time during tlio present week. Yesterday tho followiiig.unduleniled causes' -were struck out lor want of iippcamncb; —Francis V. Marshall ; Mqrphy v. Ryan nod another. Swimming Batiis. — Mr Easey, this day, brings to the hummer the Melbourne swim ming baths (vide advertisement). The period chosen lor the sale is particularly appropriate, and will make the property yield a hundsunie weekly jcturn to the purchaser. Love Me Love my Doo. — Neil Duffy laid befanAlie bench, the exirnordiniry conduct of one Henry Casey, who, without any just cause or provocation, had volunteered to lay open with the assistance. of an axe, that portion at liis person which should contain his brains. Upon this the plaintiff ax'd what lie had done to tnurit such treatment, without eliciting cither a . civil or satislactory reply. To cruwo all Casey had subjected the back of a dog belonging to Duffy to the process of tanning on a plnu Inr :moro expeditious than humane, by throwing a quantity ol boiling water over the animal. Under , these circumstances, -\|r. Casey was required to to enter into certain sureties calculated to ensure lid better behaviour far the future. Ireland. — The Whig Ministry. — It ia mora than probable that hv the time . this communication reaches you all the offices in the gilt ol tha Whig Minis-, ter will linvu been disposed of. The -Evftiiiij Mail publishes u list ol the appointments us handed about thu clubs of I .on do II, from which it uppt-ars that there is but one opinion as to thu ceriuinty of Lord Bcsborough being lite destined successor of Lord lleytesbury in the viceroyulty ul Irtdund. .Mr. Lnbouehere, it is also confidently stated , is to lie thu new Irish Secretary. There are still some doubts as tu the Chancellorship, Lord Campbell's claim, in ron; sideratiun ol his having accepted it in 1040, without the prospect of a retiring pension, being considered paramount. All, however, depends 011 Mr. U'Connoll, who insists upon Mr. l'igolt- being speedily and permanently provided for; and this can only be accomplished by the elevation of Chief Uaron Urady to the Court of Chancery, . leaving the Exchequer open for tha acceptance of tha ex- Whig Attorney General. — Times, July I, New Bauonets. — The Queen 1ms beon pfcueii to direct letters patent to be pusscl under the grent seal, filming tbu dignity of a baronet of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ml Ireland to tin following gentlemen, an i the . respective lieir« male of (itt.tr bodies lawfully begotten, v"z— Tito Bight lion. Tlmma Frank- Jtb-i LewU, of IJarton'COurc, in the county of tUdnor; John Somerset i'akington, of West- wood-ptrk, in thu eounty of Worcester, Esq. ; Johu Gladstone, of Fnque and Balfour, in the county of Kincardine. K|.; John Weir Hog, of Upper Grosvenor street, in the county ol Middlesex, Ksq.; William FeiMen, ol Pcum- rttwles, in ibe county palatine ol l, ine:i-»ter, lv»q.; William Venter, of Vomer's. bridge, in the county of'Armagh, und of in i!»» ruuuiy ol Tyrone, Kstj. ; nnd Fir Mess MontrTure, ol K«at Clitic-Mp, in the Mo of Thanet. ami county ol Kent, Knight.— Tints, Ju!\j I. 