THE VOLUNTARY SYSTEM. WE resume our remarks on this fruitful sub-<*> ject. In our last publication we traced pretty conclusively the couise of the Church of Eng-<*> land in its connection with the State, and ex- hibited its intense regard for " the highest and most obvious good of the community," by reference to facts which we challenge its sap porters to deny or disprove. It is disgraceful to the most richly endowed church in the world, whose Bishops in strictest imitation of Apostolical practice, and under its especial influence, are temporal barons —rank- ing among nobles—dwelling in palaces— clothed sumptuously—faring luxuriously—and following their example " take up their car riages**—not to go to Jerusalem, but to the House of Lords—whose revenues are princely, and who leave wealth, which entails disgrace on their memories—whose cupidity and ava rice, while they absorb the riches of the Church, had never in one so'itary instance awakened conscience in their last hours, to leave their ac cumulation even for the promotion of the re ligion they have so eminently adorned—We ■ay it is to the utter disgrace of this Church witn a revenue of five millions per annum, that it never moves for the extension of its influ ence, without doing so by fresh application to the public purse. Yes, this wealthy corporation, boasting that its pale encloses all the aristoc racy, the landed gentry, and the professions, has the unparalleled meanness to offer the beg ging box, because it cannot now present the sword, and asks with pitiful emotion for cha rity. So Elwes the miser, rolling in wealth, did not hesitate to take the pence offered to him by the hand of benevolence, which mistook the wretch for an impoverished beggar. We apprehend there is much ignorance in this Province of the present condition of the question of Church and State in our native land. The last census shows that in the three kingdoms, the Church of England is no longer the numerical majority. That it has long since lost its hold on the affections, and even the respect of the people, is too palpable. Within the last few years, men who are not afraid nor ashamed to be called Po/itica/ Dis setuer* t have deemed it a duty, both to them selves and their principles, to aim at setting Christianity free from the thraldom in which the State has so long held her a prisoner. The separation of Church and State is now fairly an object of a strong and increasingly vigorous Vo luntary Association. With recent successful examples of the overpowering energy of such leagues, who shall doubt that the high and palmy days of Episcopal ascendancy are num bered? This inherent principle in Churchmen to look to the national exchequer, accounts for its appearance on this side the Globe. They have been so long in the habit of dipping into the public pocket that they are continually mistaking it for their own. So, although there are anmistakeable indications at home of an inevitable change in the views of the people as to these matters; we are to be bound with the fetters «? Gust wearing away there. Thus it often happens that diseases which have fastened on vital organs of the body, are driven by the application of powerful remedies to the surface, and appear in irritating pimples at the extremities. The proud Church of Eng land—with its high pretensions to superior in telligence, and learning, and wealth, is not ashamed to fleece the Dissenter whom it acorns. Redolent with the odour of sanctity, the steps forward in this colony and proposes with the most unblushing effrontery, to thitnble rig one half the community, that another section may admire the dexterity with which she will afford her advantages without any direct appeal for assistance. Who can but admiie the parity of intention—the honesty of purpose— the strength of high principle displayed in such • course. The attempt to foist religion on State Sup port can only be made on two grouuds. The first that of bigots in all ages—that which Mahomet carried out so effectually, « That the Ruler convinced of what is Truth, must en force it on his subjects." Thus we can ima gine some unhappy Eastern Christian tribe, assailed by the Prophet's follower*, and present ing them the Koran with one hand, and the sword with the other, offering them the alter native thus—** Swallow the Koran or go to your He%ven at once." The other is the modern Latitndinarian principle, "that Governments should give equal support to all religions." Now we render more honour to the first—there is the semblance of a regard for truth at least in it. And we should prefer the Church of England asserting all her old pretensions, and attempt i ing to enforce them on us at once—for we know very well that the grosser the injustice the sooner will the common sense and intelligence of men overthrow and eradicate it. The mo dem principle, however, is the one proposed for adoption by the Legislative Council of Sooth Australia. Detestable as is the general argument of expediency in morals—it is doubly so in religion. To carry out this platform of Christian Government to its full ami legiti mate extent —it involves such an outrage on our sentiments of right and wrong—such flagi tious motives of human action —that we blush for shame at men of Evangelical opinions sanctioning them by the mere whisper of ap proval. The idolatry and Mohamedenism of India, the Baddhism of Ceylon—must be sup ported and provided for by the same means. Men whose religion is comprised in the verse of Pope— *' Father of all, in every age. By every clitne adored ; By saiot—by savage—and by sage. J«bovab — Jove, or Lord.** can alone with anything like sincerity advo cate the sanction of truth and error alike to be the duty of a government. But to see men who are really lovers of truth, applying for aid to the support of that truth, with the knowledge that an acquiescence in their request, will be accompanied by aid i being equally afforded to what, if they do not consider fatal error they affect to regard as such deviation from truth as to incur doubt i and fear for their unhappy position; is such ian exhibition of weakness, such a cowardly abandonment of the high vantage ground afforded by pure Christianity, that we feel heart sick. Once too connect the Episcopal Church with the Colonial Government, and who doubts that the price of her abasement will be that the patronage belongs to the State ; and then will swarms of young collegians wend their way hither; men of all shades of opinion or of none; but all of whom will have avowed themselves to be " moved by the Holy Ghost" to the work; then will the condition of the province admit of the application of that line of Cowper's, in allusion to the plague of frogs which overspread Egypt:— ** And the land stack bo numerous was ihe fry." The distinct, the uncontradicted pledge given to persons intending to colonize here, that no Ecclesiastical interference of the State should ever be legalized, affords just ground for what ever warmth of feeling and strength of expres sion may be indulged in by those who feel that a gross breach of faith is perpetrated by at tempting to force this offensive measure on a population so essentially Dissenting. Bit by bit have the Colonists been defrauded of every privilege guaranteed to them :—but it was re served for ot_e of their own number, a man on whom public opinion had always rested with satisfaction, becau.-e he was regarded as iden tified, not with a section, but with the mass of the Colonists ; who had indignantly denounced prior violations of their rights, should unsoli cited and gratuitously, attempt to deprive them of a privilege the dearest of all. This is to us painfully distressing. We write more in sorrow than in anger when we say, that the tactics of the honorable member have brought a slur on his fair fame, for upright and liberal conduct, we never thought to witness. The coup d'etat by which he pledged the Council to the principle, while affecting to allow time for the declaration of public opinion, was as worthy of an unscrupulous partizan of a lory Government in the worst times, as it was un worthy of the public spirit hitherto associated by the colonists with his name. [f men really feel that religion is essential to the well-being of a community, that a society imbued with Christian principle is the highest style of moral and intellectual culture, which human nature can hope for on earth—then will they by every Lie which renders that faith their own hope and solace, feel bound to extend its blessings—for this they will regard their own personal energies—their wealth—their influence bound to be consecrated; bul they will think foul scorn of the man who should ask them to take one mite by coercive measures. Of the superiority of voluntary energy in the accom plishment of great objects, the Anti-Corn Law League affords us a splendid example. Its sup porters, firm in the conviction of the justice of their cause—'Conscious that the public mind only required light to be convinced of it too, have devoted individual effort and scattered their wealth with a profuseness worthy of imita tion by those who aim at the overthrow of ig norance and sin. Success has attended the one c and who that knows the mighty power of religious truth and, high example, and pure de votion, shall doubt that a reliance on them is superior to all compulsory effort. We had intended to notice the contrast af forded in the actual working of the Voluntary system in the colony as compared with the Church, but the copious details in the speeches at tae public meeting render it unnecessary. It is asserted that the destitution of the rural and pastoral districts call for the proposed grant. We assert that it is physically impossible by any means the Church of England authorises her ministers to employ, that the evil can be remedied. She denounces lay agency and iti nerancies,* and they are the chief means for successfully acting on a scattered community. A more bitter satire on this alleged leason for a grant could scarcely have been offered, than Mr Woodcock's admission that one of the first objects was to build a church at Hindmarsh —a spot so far from being destitute that with its contiguous village of Bowden, there are already three good chapels aud effective schools. Fellow- colonists—We call upon you to defeat this attempt on your privileges by all legitimate means. Submit not to a yoke which neither you nor your fathers were able to bear. If you would secure and transmit to your chil dren the religious liberty so many of you came hither to enjoy, steadily and perseveringly op pose this design. Be assured it is ! hostii.e to the advance of civil and political freedom j Adverse to the rights of conscirxce ; | a drag on the progress of the human mind ; and a Barrier to the sp&ead; of fl-re and unde flled religion. 