GENERAL EDUCATION. IT appears highly probable that at no distant day the people will be left to sustain their own religious and educational systems. The finances of the colony are already unequal to the large and constantly augmenting charge for scholastic and eccle- siastical purposes. We shall not regret the change, since the local revenue will be ma- terially relieved, while the cause of religion and education will be promoted. There is nothing to be so much dreaded as the con- tinuance of partial support. It would circumscribe operations, which, to meet the wants of the colony, ought to be daily extending. It would paralise individual exertion, and bring a sickly hue on every establishment participating public suste- nance. We hope, therefore, all aid from the treasury will be withdrawn. There is one platform on which all denominations can appear without compro- mise, and that is the system of the British and Foreign School Society. If we except some of the clergy and others who are solicitous to proselyte the young to puseyism, the majority in this island cordially agree in the principles of that association. The time is approaching when the public will be called upon to provide sound, useful, and rational instruction for the young, or leave them to ignorance, or to imbibe those superstitious fooleries which provoke the contempt of intelligent men. In any prospective arrangement the scheme should be extensive, the contributions ample, and the plan liberal. It is especially important that the services of superior teachers should be secured. Those who would lower the character of the schoolmaster by diminish- ing his income to a bare subsistence, have themselves received a defective education. There is no office more important in a national and social point of view, and the utmost encouragement should be given to men who possess talent, tact, and intelli- gence to become or continue teachers. Su- perannuated sextons and illiterate parish clerks may be competent to perform that duty which those who desire to fetter the spirit and contract the mind may approve. But it is not sufficient a child be able to cypher mechanically or to repeat by rote. Babbage's machine would surpass him in calculation, and a parrot might deprive him of the prize due to correct memory. If the youth of the colony are to be raised by education, the discipline of their minds must be entrusted to intelligent, not ignorant men. An unexceptionable witness has exhibited the fruits of a superficial system. In a pamphlet, showing "the necessity of teach- ing, in order that preaching may be at all effectual," the Rev. George Heaton, As- sistant Chaplain to the Gloucester County Gaol, gives the following version of the Creed, as repeated by one who had been inefficiently taught:-" B'lieve in God; Father A'mighty, Maker forever and earth ; and Jesus Christ, the Holy Son, our Lord; waskesavus by the Holy Ghost, Born of the Virgin Mary ; suffered under Pontius Pilate; was crucified; He is dead and buried; He did send him into hell; the third day he rose again from the dead: Then He did send him into heaven: And sitteth on the right hand of God, the Father Almighty: Then the judge quickly dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost; Holy Catholic Church ; Your'n is the signs; Give nus the sins; The erection of the body, and the life everlasting Amen." It remains with the public to determine whether the same or a better system shall prevail here. THE SYSTEM. MR. LATROBE will find that the late Governor, in compliance with the instruc- tions of the Secretary of State, has issued circulars to the clergy of the various deno- iminations, and to a select assortment of colonists, requesting replies to certain que- ries respecting the convict system. His Excellency will readily understand that the selection of witnesses was partial—none were applied to who had appeared in op- position to Sir Eardley, or who were known to entertain opinions adverse to his views. The answers which Mr. Latrobe may find in the Colonial Secretary's Office may, how ever, mislead the Acting Governor. He will observe that many who have returned replies condemn the system, and hence be led to suppose that he may with confidence compile his report from the facts furnished. But deductions drawn from such evidence will prove delusive. It is improbable that the truth can be elicited by circulars, and impossible that, limited as they have been, complete information can be obtained. A board composed of colonists and govern- ment officers should be nominated to inves- tigate the facts connected with the system, and to examine every witness whose testi- mony may be deemed important. Unless this plan is adopted all enquiry will be un- satisfactory, and every recommendation be received with suspicion. Nor would scru- tiny on the spot be more desirable for the interests of the island, than advantageous to the British Government. It must be obvious that local enquiry, prosecuted in the immediate scene of penal discipline, would furnish information far more authentic, full, and valuable than could be collected by a parliamentary committee in England. 