Police Reports. On Monday several cases were either dismissed or postponed, in consequence of the ab- sence of the apprehending constables. The pre- siding justice directed the chief inspector to forward to the Superintentdent the names of those policemen who were so grossly negligent of their duties, adding that such carelessness was preposterous, and that it was no wonder that the public should complain of the loss of time, and other inconveniencies which that sort of misconduct gives rise to. CYPRIAN AMUSEMENTS. — Elizabeth Quin, one of the frail-sisterhood who air themselves in Pitt-street, and of rather prepossessing appear- ance, was charged by Inspector Pearce with having her grog on board on Saturday night, about twelve o'clock, and whilst under its stimulating influence, practising sundry freaks, and amongst other little devilments and screaming at the top of her voice, for the police, on whose arrival at what they con- sidered the scene of action, was met by the jeers of the " blooming Eliza," interspersed with plea- santries which were any thing but amusing to the guardians of the night. For this offence the fair penitent, like another Niobe all in tears, stood before the stern Magistrate, who, in a menacing tone, told her that her tears would have very little effect upon him ; yet, were we pleased to see his obduracy conquered, and Miss Quin was ordered to "go and sin no more." PREACHERS IN DANGER.—Mary Moran, a savage-visaged damsel was charged with routing a dissenting preacher, out of that precious arena of rows and riots, Durand's Alley, wherein the mes- sengers of glad tidings had ventured in quest of proselytes. Mary who had no notion of the devil's sabbath being encroached upon in the privileged precincts in which she abode, had scurried out the perambulating dispenser of Zion's blessings, and by her discord driven him and his choir of sacred singers to seek some more propitious locality for the exercise of their devotional talents. Fired with success, the luckless Quean rewarded the exploit with a go of jackey, and became so elevated, that when another " black coat" appeared, with similar dire intent, she in addition to oaths, obscenity, and imprecations, added other cogent influences ; having heard that there are " Sermons in store, and good in every thing," she tried the virtues of a lump of granite, and would have spiflicated the amateur parson, had not the police fortunately been present to shield the chosen one," who in this instance owed his escape to an arm of flesh. Molly disdained making any defence, and was sent to rusticate for two months at Darlinghurst. Mary Jones was charged, on Tuesday, with prigging sundry conch, and other fanciful shells, the property of a person named Ward. The constable swore that he found them in the woman's house, where they challenged the admiration of it's beholders, as chimney ornaments. The defendant declared they were given to her by Wards " fille de joye" as a present, and as Ward did not venture to claim them, the girl was released from the warden- ship of the city guardians. TALE OF A TUB.—On Wednesday, Mar- garet Gurney was charged with stealing two old tubs and a frying-pan, the property of Lewis Leon, a paunchy specimen of diminutive hediousness, whose sallow jolter-head, matched better with a Patagonian, than one of his scrimping dimensions. Some weeks back Moey, as he is familiarly termed, was visited with a distress warrant for rent, by the mistress of the defendant, and being " naturally" anxious to put by a little, he had it is supposed smugged certain trifles, into an out-house upon the premises, which were common to his landlord and to himself. How much was put "out of harm's way" cannot be guessed, but after the seizure the valuables in question were brought to light, and carried into a kitchen, which the complainant became informed of, and in ire and spite went to the Police-office, and got a search warrant, and an order for the apprehension of the servant. The precious utensils were accordingly produced in Court, and Leon on the case being called, flitted like a reluctant ghost over the properties, but had not the courage to press the charge; the defendant was accordingly dismissed. John Robinson was placed at the bar on a similar charge, but certainly of a more rascally description. A fellow named Boxhall, had owed a trifle to Robinson, and as security gave him a jacket and pair of trousers, which he kept for a considerable time and then pledged them, inform- ing the debtor where they were lodged. The scoundrel then sneaked off to the Police-office, and swore a robbery against the creditor, upon which Robinson was apprehended. Meanwhile Boxhall cut his lucky, and despatched for Windsor. The defendant had of course no remedy against the villainous vengeance of this rascally defaulter, and was dismissed. A SHARP BITE.—John Taylor was on Thursday charged by Henry James Sloman, with having grossly abused his " friendship." According to his account Taylor wanting to raise the wind ; came to him with a cock and bull story, about a consignment of hams, bacon, &c.;, in transit by the schooner Margaret, and got from him £2 to clear the Custom-house fees ond other monies. As he wished to save his bacon, he obliged Taylor to give him some security, but found that the schooner was a very low vessel, and the Captain had some claim to his own name ; further enquiries satisfied him, that he would never be satisfied beyond the proceeds of the security, which he caused to be sold, and found a most lamentable falling off, whereupon he charged the defendant with fraud. The Bench, however, declined all interference, and referred him to the " little-go," which appeared a very unpalatable proposition, as it was evident that Taylor had " cheek" enough for anything, and had moreover shortly before, given him practical de- monstration of his powers of buffing. A HAPPY COUPLE.—Charlotte Langley, a sambo angel, applied for protection against her hard-hearted mate Charles, who refused her both support out of doors, and admittance into his domi- cile. The tawny Venus confessed that after ill- usage and provocation, she had flitted away from the roof of her sworn protector, and extended her peregrinations to Parramatta : three days were spent in that friendly retreat, and afterwards she bent her steps towards the metropolis again, in which she lived, as she admitted with charming "naivete" as the " best could," during the past three weeks ; paying occasional visits to her old habitation, to get "what she wanted," she got in the window of the "front parlour," her husband taught her the way. Charlotte excused herself saying, that she could not live upon the "hair," and prayed for a maintenance. The Bench considered there was no grounds for binding Langley over to keep the " piece," and told Charlotte that if she wanted a due maintenace, she must make the application in form. 