REVIEW. From the Times. TiE CRICK.ET ON TilE HEAIRTI.-We owe it to literature to protest agailst this last production of Mr Dickens. Undoubted as are the talents, and no questionable the genius of that gentle man, they must not render us in,ensible to daring attempts upon our reason and judgtnment, or hurry us against our will into the unthinking and admiring crowd that greets with acclamation every new work of this successful author, and upon whose credulity and applause, we fear; Mr Dickens already too wantonly presumes. It may be a painful task to pronounce it verdict of condemnation upon the lahours of one who, in his time, has nitorded the public very much amusement ; but it is also a necessary task to warn the public of the faults andl errors of a teacher universally listened to-of a writer whom popularity has invested with the qualities of a model and a guide. It is tile literary tendency of the present age to write DOWNWVAltD rather than UPIWARDS-to adapt art to the calibre of the lowest capacities rather than to elevate the intellect by accustoming it to ne vous, healthy exer rise. The class of books which formed the recreation of the leisure hours of our lathers-the light reading of their time-Is to-day the mind's sole occupaý tion. We suspected that the creative faculty of our author was already on the decline, and that his experience- care. fully treasured up, and well appreciated as far as it went-was narrowed within the smallest limits of literary education; of needful, intellectual cultivation, we perceived no sign at any period of ,ir Dickens' career. What has happened since the pub!ication of tile work in question ? More eager to reap the fruits ofa profitable and unheard of popularity than to extend the horizon of his know. ledge, Mlr Dickens wrote and wrote on, living, if we may so speak, from hand to mouth; dependintg for his materials uponn tihe observations of the hour, wasting his energies by constant efllux, and de trying himself the support and refresh nment which perfect tranquility, reading, ar:d the completion of an unfinished edu. cation would in due time have given him. Where Mr Dickens did not repeat himself, he nroted down-i-as ill the American sketches of Martin Chuzzle. wit -the crude, exaggeratel,' and un. settled visions that passedl before his eyes, causing us to feel with regret how amuch less life-like, brilliant, andl real were they than those well-digested forms with which he first startledl the world, which lie had sat long revo ved, like pebbles of the brain, anrd upon which, in silence and in secret, Ihe must so olten have brooded with intensest de I ght. With Martin Chuzzlewit closed the series of stories which, with little iunter ruption, had appeared in monthly parts since the publication of the Pickwick Paport. The fountaio qas dry, The drain had gone too far. The voice, which hid it been content to speak at regulated intervals might have discoursed its eloquent music for the gratifici'tion of the children of those who, were first won by its melody. ceased suddenly from sheer; exhaustion. Our early mis givings were realized. In the year 1844, after a period of compelled repose, appeared the Christ mas Carol, a little duocedimn volume of 160 pages. We confess that the beauty of this " ghost story," and the freshness that pervaded it, took us by surprise. The spirit of the writer had manifestly grown more elastic, relieved from the pressure of former lahbors. His heart had helped him to work out an idea naturally suggested-it may he during a morning's walk,-not painfully and arti. fcially forged at the author's furnace. The Carol was a short tale "of the affections," simple and truthful as one of Wordsworth's poems. Exactly one year afterwards came the Chimes. The fairy machinery in the Carol was repeated here, and with the lamentable result that attends all the repetitions of the writer. That which was at first easy and to the purpose becamnt onstrou over charged, and out of place. The , ossest absurdities, sulficient to ruin th. repu tation af any other man, were rdi ingly perpetrated, and upheld by illusute :'orns equally atrocious. The "' Cricket on the Hearth" opens thus ' The kettle began it !' Began what Listen. Let me narrate exactly how it happened. 1 Ishould have proceeded to do so, in my very first word, hut for this plain consideration--if I am to tell a story, I must begin at the beginning ; and how is it possible to begin at the beginning, without beginning at the kettle ? 'It appeared as if there were a sort of match, a trial of skill, you must under stand, between the kettle and the cricket.---- The kettle was aggravating and obstinate.-It would ,ot allow itself to be adjusted on the top bar; it would not hear of accomodating itself kindly to the knobs of coal, it would lean forward with a drunken air, and dribble, a very idiot of a kettle, on the hearth. It was quarrelsome ; anti hissed andspluttered morosely at the fire. *b" * * Meanwhile, the jolly blaze uprose and fell, flashing and gleaming on the little haymaker at the top of the Dutch clock, until one might have thought he stood stock still before the Moorish palace, anid nothing was in motion but the flame. 'He was on the move, however, and had this spasms, two to the second, all right and regular ; but his sufferings, when the clock was going to strike, were. frightful to behold; and when a cuckoo looked out of a trap door in the palace, and gave note six times, it shook him, each time, like a spectral voice, or like a something wiry, plucking at his legs.(!) ` NNow it was, you observe, that the kettle hegan to spend the evenirng. No'v it was, that the kettle, growing mellow and musical, Iegan to have irrepressible gurglines in its throat, and to indulge in short vocal snorts. which it checked in the bud, as if it hadn't quite made up its mind yet to be gootl company, Now it was, that after two or three such vain attempts to s'ifle its convivial sentiments. it threw tif all moroseness, all reserve, and burst into a stream of song so cosy and hilarious as never mandlin nightingale yet formed the least idea of. 'So plain too ! Bless you. you might have understood it like a book-b-otter than some books you and I could name, perhaps. With its warm broath gushingr forth in a light cloud, which merrily and gracefully ascended a few feet, then hung about the chimney corner as its own domestic heaven, it trolled its song with that strong energy of cheerfullness, that its iron body hummed and stirred upon the fire: and the lid itself, the recently rebellious lid-such is the in fluence of a bright example-performed a sort of jig, and clattered like a deaf and dumb yonng cymbal that had never known the use of its twin brother! ` - And .here, if you like, the cricket Dio chime in, with a chirrup, chirrup, chirrup, of such magnitude, by way of chorus ; with a voice so astound ingly disproportionate to its size, as compared with the kettle (size you could not see it), that if it had then and there burst itself like an overcharged guin-if it had fallen a victim on the spot, and chirruped its little body into fifty pieces, it would have seemed i natural anti inevitable consequence, for which it had expressly laboured. ' The kettle had the last of its solo performance. It persevered with undis minished ardour ; but thie cricket took first fiddle and kept it. Good Heraven, how it chirped ! Its shrill, sharp, piercing voice resoulnded throulgh the house, anid seemed to twinkle in the outer darkiness like a star. There was an indescribable little trill and tremble in iti, at its loudestl, which suggested its being carried off its legs, anid made to leap again by its own irnterse enthusiasm. Yet they went very well together, tihe cricket attnd thle kettle. The burlden ol tile sonig wvas still the same; and louder, louder, louder still, they saing in their emlulatioi. '- There was all the excitement olf a race about it. Chirp, chirp, chirp ! Cricket a mile ahead, Hum, hum, hum--m--m! i Kettle making play in the distance, like a great top. Chirp, chirp, chirp ! Cricket rouid the corner.. Hum, hum, hIum--m--ut, ! Kettle sticking to himt in his own way; no idea of giving in. Chirp, chirp, chirp! Cricket fresher than ever. Hum, humrt, hum m--m! Kettle slow and steady. Chirp, chirp, chirp ! Cricket going in to linish him. Ilam.m, m, humn-m-m ! Kettle--" But enough of this ! Shades of Fielding and Scott I is it for such jargon as this we have given your throne to one who cannot estimate his eminence ? Is it for insult that the national heart has vouch. safed its childlike belief in the divinity of its idtlol? The entire book is pitched upon a falsetto key. The master of grotesque has become simply ridiculous. There is no truthfulness either in the situations or characters. We have a carrier always near a joke, but never perpetrating one, and (as is usual with all the great men of the present time) ' Rough upon the surface. but'ioS'ttentle at the core; so dull without, so-cj'ick w:ithin; so stolid, but so good. ' Oh, Mother Nature, give thy children the true poetry of heart, that hides itself in this poor carrier's breast: and we can bear to have them talking prose, and leading lives of prose : and bear to bless thee for their company." The poetical carrier.has a wife in every wny fitting. She is called Dot, but she might have borne the name of anyother of Mr Dickens's heroines; for they are all ofa family. Dot rather plumed herself. with reason too,' upon her legs, and * kept herself particularly neat in point of stocking." Dot looked towards the glass, ' and my opinion is (and so would yours have been) that she might have looked a long way and seen nothing half so agreeable.' Dot had ' a chubby little finger,' ia capital little face.' Dot had, in fact, all the charms that adorn all Mr Dickens's maiden-, whilst she had a few characteristics to distinguish her from the maidens of anybody else. Never spoke carrier's wife so prettily as Dot, unless at the Lyceum. There is a monster of a toymaker called Tackleton, a domestic ogre, who had lived on children all his life atnd was their impla cable enemy. fHe despised all toys; wouldn't have bought one for the world; delighted in his malice to insinuate grim expressions into the faces of brownpaper farmers who drove pigs to market, bellmen who advertised .lost lawyers' consciences, moveablle old ladies who darned stock. ings, or carved pies; and other like sanmples of his stock in trade. In appal. ling maslcst hideous, hairy, red.eyed ja,'ks-in-boxe', vampire kites, demoniacal tumblers who wouldn't lie down, and were perpetually flying forward to stare infants out of countenance, his soul perfectly revelled. They were his only relief and safety valve.' This amiable gentleman fascinated the blind daughter of his journeyman, and almost breaks her heart by courting somebody else- The journeyman is an exttaordinary fellow in his way, and has brought up his child to think Tackle ton a saint, and the den in which they live a palace. So, Mr Dickens, are not the blind misled ! Exqusite are the spared senses, mercifully strengthened by Providence to make amends for the one tremendous deprivation. The fingers of the blind read the Bible; the ears of the blind-the figure is a bold one-see the friendly visitor long before you or I, even whilst his loot is lingering at the threshold. Would you have us believe that touch, feeling, hearing, remained for 20 years torpid ind dead in the sensi. live creature whom you have spoiled by your perversion ? We tell your and not without good warrant for the assertion, that no manl living, journeyman or master, has power to stop up the avenues through which knowledge rushes to the soul of a poor innocent deprived of sight. Bertha, by your own account, had miixed in the world ; she talked wisely and even pro* Ioundly on abstruse matters; she worked with her father; she knew every toy in the room, and where to seek it and how to make it; she was in daily intercourse with those who knew the character of T'ackleton, and who spoke of him with freedom. And yet you ask us to believe that this young lass, all feeling and per ception, never knew "that walls were blotched and bare of plaster here and there ; that iron was rusting, wood rotting, paper peeling off; that sorrow and laintheartedness were in the house; that they had a master, cold, exacting, and interested." If we believe you, it must be when Nature proves a liar. Our remarks have carried us further than we anticipated, and we have by no means treated the subject as fully as we could wish, There is not a char.tcter t. a scene in the book that will bear dis section, but our limits forbid a further use of the knife. We repeat our first assertion. It is due to literature to speak. boldly and without reserve respecting this attempt upon the simplicity anoi credulity of a public as eiisily satisfiedl on some occasions as It is dillicult to please on others. Mr Dickens has written works of great merit and power, which the presentc generation at least knows how to appreciate. If he will iake repose, antd fortity his understand intg, andti extend his experiecei-not by observatio, simply, hut by observation and reading combitned--he may again prodtlucru work worthyv of his reputation and genuus. We shall be amongst tihe first to hail it, Let Mr Dickens be as.ured that whatever may be the imme. diate sile of this work, how fulsome so' ever thie praise of an interested or a friendtly coterie, thle Clicket ont the Hlearth will not be read with satislaction or without regret by any one whlose good opinion uand sympathy it is worth his while to have. ELxperlmcnts upon the good nature of thlie public are always Itazardoui. It may be fatal even to the author of Pickwick ito repeat them oftet, 