THE EXHIBITION OF PAINTINGS. In looking at an oxlnbitton of Paintings m Van Diemen's Land, we do not think it is the critic's duty to do other than notice those spe cimens of art which will bear praise. Censure may be defferred until in future years men come forward as public artists, calling for pub lic approval, or reproach, by exhibiting proofs of their real, or supposed ability, not so much in aid of an improvement of public taste, as in promotion of their own immediate benefit. We are willing to believe that nearly every contribution to the present exhibition in Hobart Town, has been made with every gen erous, and praiseworthy spirit, and far be it from us to look at either but with a similar feeling. We regret having been compelled to defer the few remarks we have to make until the present numbcr.'bnt; having been promised a notice from an .admirer,, .of .the arts,; himself , an amateur painter, of considerable talent," wo thought it better to wait for: bis assistance. Wo have been disappointed in not receiving it, and therefore give below 'our own j critique upon such of : the paintings, &c.; as appear to us to stand prominently forward for public ap proval. No. 1. Is a well finished Portrait of a Gentleman, by the German artist Korzanecki. It may be considered the No. 1 of. tlio Exhibition, although half its merit is lost liy tho want of a knowledge of the correctness of the likeness. We know not which lias the greatest claim to excellence, this painting, or No. 60. Boy ami-Guinea Pigi Painted from tho Life, by J. G. Mcdland, of Brown's River. We were nt first dis posed to look at this as a .copy, hut twhen we seo " painted 'from tlio life" in tho Catalogue," ahd 'Mr. Medlnnd's name attached as both Artist, and Prnprietor, wo at once dismiss the idea, and arrive at tlio conclusion that lie is an artist of.first class merit. - Thoro is not one point about it unworthy or the pencil of one bettor known to fame, and we regret that Ids abilities should havo'been kept in tlio liiick ground, instead of returning him a reward suited to his ;mcMts,7 ; \- 23. is another, in the same slylq, .".a Boy .and 'Rab bits." This is not so good in -all its imaginings, and execution as No. 14, hut still, a very creditable. perfor mance! ' ' ' , 22\. :An excellent likenoss hy Buck: : 24\. One of best water-colour paintings probably over seen! From the peculiarity of. its finish,.: it. appears nt first sight to iio in oil. hut it is hot so, asfhc edging nonr tho frnmo shows thu paper; and an examination of it moro minutely "will show iho extraordinary deception. It is said to bo a copy: from Rysrlal.1' ' 30\. appears to have been :the,' performance .of .'the same-, artist,' and-, is equally praiseworthy for. its extraor dinary perfection. 25\. is a .very good landscnpo by T. Bock, a copy from Slanfield. It struck us; however, that tho colour- l ing is somewhat too florid. 28\. ., A woll-fiiiishcd Painting. 29\. PortrnitVf n Lady, and Child, by ,T. Bock. An excellent well-finished drawing.' 39\. A very good Painting, in oil. 44\. The Holy Family . Another of Mr. Medlnnd's, taken, tho Catalogue says, from tho original painting in the National Gallery. "The Saviour in .early youth, having tho Virgin seated on his right side, and Joseph kneeling on the other, is represented standing on tho base of a column looking, fervently toward heaven, Tito Holy Ghost is descending' to the Redeemer in 'a glory. The original picture was pointed . for\ tlio family of tlio Marquis dc Pedrosa, and embellished his mansion nt Cadiz. It was purchased by Parliament for tlio National Collection in 1837." Th'c' figure, . and colouring of Jo seph are good, ' particularly ' tho left hand. Tlio nose, mid general cast of countennncu of: tho 'femalo does not however appear to us to possess enough of tlio Jewish Syrian outline, although tho eyebrow, and lower part of the forehead, are good. 47\. Landscnpo wqll executed, but rather too highly coloured. , 38\. An excellent portrait of Sir Joshua Roynolds. 52\. A vary good (minting by Villiers. .The colours nro softened down -'admirably. 55, 56, and 57. Very protly little paintings, well finished. . " < - 58\. ' Lyons Terrace, " Ifyde Park, Sydney, A very creditable'- performance by nn nrlist whoso nanio is not monlion'od. It is snid to ho Very correct in Its repre sentation of tho particular locality noticed. - GO. is a-first clnss originnl portrnit by Sir M. A. Shoe, President of the Royal Academy. Wo havo. already no:iccd it in connection with No. I. Below No. 15. is an original' Morlnnd, representing the. fall ,of a horse, mid its rider. It has hcen sadly damaged, hut of its merits it would he presumptuous to say one wont moro than that it is true to tialuro. There nro several others welt worthy of n place ih any Exhibition, particularly 13\. tho " Portrait of n Gcntloman," by II. Mumlny; although, in our opinion, if litis, mid No. 22 hnd lie mi placed somewhat lower down, they would havo boon In a hotter light. 1 9\. The Game of Life. «' Tlio originnl," snys tho Ca talogue, " is in : outline by RuUseh, ono of tlio most gifted artists of Germany, with the graver, mid tlio pen cil. Tlio scono is allegorical, and is vlioson witli a dark and mystnrinus reference to tlio horrible, tho confound ing, mid tlio scductlvo. Tlio uppor surfaoo of a tomb stone is .converted into, a choss- hanrd, mid man, as a Ihir youth, sits on ono;side, bis bond.eovorod with tho eurU of early manhood, and manifesting tlio deepest anxiety. His antagonist, tlio Princo of Darkness, signified by a cock's feather, is distinguished hy Ids scornful features, and haughty carriage. Botwoon tho two plnyors ts soon a gentle, persuasive, angel form, whoso eountonnnco do- piets anxiety and interest for tho youth, and who sooms ready to liofriond him by suggestion. This figure ro- prosonts Conscience. Tho Clioss pieces of Satan, ro- prosont Pleasure, Indoloneo, like a groat swino, Prldo, Unhoiief, Angor, &c.; The plocos hy tlio side, of man roprosonl Humility, I.ovo, lnnoooneu, Rollgion, .Truth, Ilopo: &c.; Tlio youth has taken ono pioco, Angor, nnd a pnwn from Ids opponent, but Satan 1ms groatly tho mlvmitago, nnd still clutches Poneo, which ho 1ms just tnkun. Thu rlosign requires study, hut no ono who will tako tho pains' to understand tho artist, can quit it, without a doop and gainful sonso of tho moral which is convoyed." Such is tlio account givon of -tho design of die' original, and of oourso it applios to tlio copy in the Exhibition. Wo do nnt ndmiro it, hut consider it in ovory sonso proferablo. to , 20\. Ecce Homo, a copy by J. G, Modlnnd, tho artist wo havo already so favorably noticed, from tho;original painting in tlio National Gallory, by Corregio. "Tlio originnl of this picture was purclmso'd in die oarly part of tlio Fronch Revolution, from the Colonna. family, at Romo, hy Sir Simon Clnrk, who not succeeding in re moving it from Italy, was inducod to part with it to Mu- rat. It was bought from his widow hy tho Marquis of Londonderry, and from; him by tho Parliament.'; 'iho hands of tho. Saviour linvo boon criticised, ub of an un natural colour, but,- it should bo romomhered, ' that the wrists aro firmly hound, and, that circumstance may bo supposod to havo occasioned tho appcarnnao 'noticed. It is, howovar, ano of a description of paintings, which, wo repoat, wo, could nover.admiro. AVATca colour na'awiHQs. Gl. "lihd many others aro good outlines of what thoy aro intondod to roprosopt, but tho colours appoar to be too florid, and tho Abroad vhito edgings round them, noutratizo tlioir porspeutive ofTeot. . - G8. and fi9. are excellent, especially tho lattor. Both aro by Wainivright, who is entitled to groat credit. 65\. Scono in Devonshire. The prizo drawing. won at tho Art , Union of London, by tho Van Diemen's Land subscribers of '1844. If is a porformanco by Jutsum, and is well worthy of close inspection, ' , ' 74\. Tlio Bishop's Craig. Tho Shoutons, by Mr, \Vm. P. Kny, is n well finished drnwing, highly qreditablc to tho artist, who it is probable will in timc.produco pieces of great merit. , , , . (iG. Tlie sairto .mny bo' said of tliis nnmbcr, and of the - artist, Mr.-Frazcr, ' who tins several ollior specimens of cxcollonjt style, 'nnd finish in tho Exhibition, particularly 78\. Tho Sketcher's Covo, at tlio Sclioutcns. 1 ' 'Y'' " ENCinXviNos. : There nro'several very excellent engravings,' amongst btliers Nos. -101,: 108, 109, nnd 118, " Tli'o Barber." We beg our readers' atlcnlionlo 118, to the woe-hegbno countenance of tlie vagabond hoy, whoso liund is 'appa rently for the first timo. undergoing the operntion of a cioVm'/ment. " 1 don't like to look at tlio cliild," said a pcrson close to' our elbow in tlie room, " lie looks so very rn|seral)Io," Tiie old fellow who is operating upon , the uncombings of , tho urchin, is just , running the edge .of the cold scissors round Iiis forehead. This makes tho youngster wiricb again, and ' occasions'' the inward, nnd outward semblance of laughahlo wretchedness so nhly I portrnyed. : 'Tlio old ,shaver appears to say,- " I'd as soon cut your cars oft, you rascally Oliver Twist, as look at you, 1 would." The engraving which belongs lo'Mr. ,T. Winter, was painted "by Hunt, and engraved hy Charles Turner, nftcr. tlio style ofAVilkio. In. tho Inner Room, there are several excellent pnintings, which wo have not yet had timo'to notice. There are also several other artists, drawings, nnd paintings wo have passcd.hye, hut will in our next endeavour to supply tlio deficiency, merely now adding our acknowledgments for tlio rational trcnt allbrded to the public, to tho admirers of, tlie arts especially, by th'os'c Gentlemen who luivo devoted so much time arid attention to tlio getting up of the Exhi bition. The most obliging attention is paid by Mr. Hood's family to visitors, tind'by Mr. Iloidship, who is in attendance daily to givo every information on . the part of tlio Coinitiitlcb. It was an net of kindness also toward Mr. Ilood, a.rcspcctnblc and industrious tradesman, on tlio opening of his now Picture Gallery. Wo cannot sec ono point in connection with'lhe Exhibition, which is not praiseworthy. These softenings down of tlio realities of life, by opening up tho sources of mental en joyment, aro good, and wo hnil them with (lint satisfac tion, which we aro always-ready to acknowledge. 