.Varieties. j WASTED -y WIVE.-The following matrimonial advertisement appeared in a Liverpool paper « short time since. ."lt fe au . Improvement on the usual ityle of snch annoüiíceraeiits:-^Wanted, for better or for wor?e, a ybuñg man's best companion. The Advertiser, wlJo" is u bachelor in good business on his onrn account, iii 'Liverpool, 85 years of age, in- . height about fi ve feel niuo inches, would be gtad to obtniii the aboye, if published not earlier than 19'20, either at first qr second'hand, providing it was in <*aod binding, and hhs gilt.edges, with the contents . pf the title-page, &e.t; in good keeping. Any person ; having such n treasure to . dispose bf will find, or meet, a. most devoted, attentive, and secret reader, by addressing .a letter to P. P7 ¿ii, Orchard-street, Liverpool."' ( <*';>.'. . ? ? .??>?"-. * WOMBS.-Ain't it curious,!(Squire,, weddiu's is. never out of women's head3, ?;TÍivy" never think of nothin" else. " A youiig gal ls always athinkin' o . hor own ! jfe'ioen as, she is married, sho is a match mokin'Yor her companions; and when-she is_alittlo^ grain older, her darter’s weddin’ is uppermost agin, '-Slick. .. * ' 1 - îfoT BAD.-A " flyiug stationer," who sells bal- lads by the yard, was crying his catalogúemele other day, and after bawling ont the first lino of his Inst song, "Oh! say not woman's love is bought," immediately added " for the small 'nhargo of a half- penny !" MIND YOUR P's AND Q's.-Tho origin of this common expression' is said to be : tho practice of chalking, on the walls of tap-rooms the pints and quarts ordered by.the guests. Tims, when a man was becoining liberal, either towards himself or his friends beyond his means, he was significantly cau- tioned to mind his P's and Q's, or ho might order more than he could pay for. Dean Swift says,' a woman may knit her stock- ing, but not her brow ; "she may daru her hose, but hot her eyes ;. curl her hair, but not her lips ; lliread her needle, but not the public streets. . j It is good in a. fever,, much better in anger, to have the tongue kept smooth and clean. . Cor.iturTiox. - When corruption, laden with gold, knocks at thc door of indigence, it is rarely kept shut. .TOOCHINO, IK TBUE.-A respectable shop-keeper in Boston, on being npprised of the sudden death of his wife, was so much affected, and the iuteusity of his grief was such, that he deliberately walked up thc chimney for tho purpose of giving VEST to his feeling. ". ; ; BAIIIUSTERS.-Barristers are, made by eating 12 dinners; ir.ul henea we lind that in other profes- sions the students require cramming before they can pass their examinations. Flowdcn quaintly tells us that only deserving men are called to the bur, mid that after 12 dinners their desert naturally follows. Hamsters aro ¿ivided into sergeants, who wear a piece of stickiugSplaster in thc middle of Í Weif-*is^'a.^r:'ineTrr^ 'Qtieou's Counsel, who 'wear silk gowns ; and the" utters,1 or outtera-or, as some say, the out-and outers-who wear stuff, which is sometimos cha- racteristic, of their speeahes. We hear of thc degree of Barrister-which degrce.is, for the .most .part, positive. iSEtii.DESTnucTioif.-The North American In- dians have a method of > committing suicide by turning"" their tongues down their throats. The practice has not yet beou successfully introduced into. England; but here men frequently destroy themselves by eatingjheir own words. The .transition . from joy, to sorrow, is. easiest in pure minds; as the true diamond, when moistened by the breath, recovers its lustre sooner than fatee ones. .' , . : ,j . . .' - As nb :man can tell where a shoe pinches better than be that'wears it, so no mau can tell a womau's disposition better'than he that hath wedded her. The .necessary qualities for society ere, polite ness, exempt from falsehood; frankness, without meanness Í complaisance, freed, from flattery ; and, aboye, nil, a heart naturally inclined to benevo- lence. , . ? " ; ,, ? , . . ?Does he deserve the name of man who kuows not . the. value of his own soul, any more, than the mountains ;kuo.w...thei;value of the precious gems' tuoycontuin.. J :,?.! .>;« > ' , . : > > Certainly it is heaven upon earth to have a man's mind move in:cbarity,.rest on.>Providence, and turn upon the pole of truth.:¡; ? . THOUGHTS IN BED.-Happy is:thc man who can say '^poace giving bed." For, oh,. ,what a rack to j the spirit bf ruaiiirnay ,be, found .in goose down! j You are in bed, peace-giving bed, you say j it is deep night, nnd in that solemn pause you seem to feel the pulse-to hear tho very heart of time. You try to think of many things, but the spirit or demon of thè.be'd sets up yourself'befóré yourself-brings up j your .doings to the bar of your own conscience ; lind what a set of scurvy gaol-birds may be found among them. They peep in at. your curtains, crowd iii at I the foot of your bed, and though you have no rush light jpn see their leering, sneaking faces. ! TBB WA* ,IO TEnitiFV.-Prince Belloselsky possessed, to an eminent degree thc talent of telling a ghost story. At a large party, ono eveniug,,the .ladies drew their chairs around him/and exclaimed, " Do, Prince, terrify : us::a. little." Upon this the prince ordered the lights to be extinguished, with tlio exception of one, which was left buming in ad joining apartment, the door bf which remained ajar Thy narrator commenced his tale,'which turned, ns might be expected, upon.the apparition of a horrid phantom advancing slowly in tho midst of darkness visible, towards a person in bed.' For the last ten minutes the princejhad kept Iiis hand extended on a marble .table; his voice'assumed a-sepulchral tone. AU nt once, ho applied his icy hand upon ¡the.bare nrm.of his hostess, who uttered a piercing , scream. The terrified .auditors rushed into the , inlier room, and, iu their confusion, cxtinguinlioil their solitary light. The sudden darkness redoubled their.pamc. At last the servants made their ap- pearance with flambeaux ; and the Prince, who be- gan to be alarmed at the success of his experiment, succeeded with some difficulty in calming the.ap preheusious of his fair audience.; " Ladies," said he, " 'tis all your own fault ; you reqiiested me to terrify you a little, and I Ilka to make myself agreeable. ; '; '!?»::'?. I.. Í ? * - ? .'V ''> ; ¡V ':' ¡ '-.''? ?.:'.'.'- ' ? j 11,1,1 "' -' . . . _. À NBW iiioiiT ix AM Ó¿í> PHR ASE.-Iii tué rec naval combats between the Watermen ,8teâm-l people anil the city authorities, a certain steam was pul in requisition for the purpose of pc: CHATI SINO the watermen; that is to say, higg off the piers. t From tile belligerent'nature of ! occupation, it is supposed that this tug is ho ot than the oft-quoted " tug of war." ' ? , MEPYSTOPIIBLEAX MORALITY.-If SamuelJol son, thc stern muralist, be an authority, I am ji pated to prove tliat Miss Smith,'the'plaiuiiff* in celebrated breach of promise case, deserved u'tiùiie. Tho charge is that'she forged; ,'and 1 too sharp ari'eye after Lord Ferrer's-tin'' Ni Johnson, in his Dictionary, assnre's Us ' positiv that'to ." forge" and " work' in'?' metals"' -is t proper business of a Smith. ' ' ? '. BIRTH is'A IUILWÀY CARRIAGE.-A lady's gentleman wlio are ' staying ut'the'King's Bot at Brighton, weut over to Worthing by nh'ea 'train on Saturday morning, to spend the day. Tl left Worthing. in the. evening; on their retprti ?Britton, ; by -the forty- minuton. pastv five. tra taking a first class carriage, and before they reach Southwick tho lady gave birth to an infant. < their arrival at Southwich the husband .despatch a messónger to Brighton lo: have a surgeon readiness at the terminus to atteud¡ the > lady, I owiug tu au accident to'tho engino tho train w delayed nearly half an hour at Southwick. , .1 their arrival at tho termiuns the lady was wrapp in a blanket; and conveyed to her residence in ti King's Road, and she is going on favorably, bli11! infant has since died. ; ¡, . , . CURIOUS NATURAL PHENOMENA.-If a talle candle be placed in a gun, and shpt al a door, will go through without sustaining any injury ; m if a musket ball be fired into water, it will not r bound, but be flattened as if fired against a sol substance.' A musket may be fired through a pal of gliiss, making the bolo tho size of the ba without crackiug the glass; if suspended; by thread, it will make no différence, and the throi will not even vibrate. Cork, if sunk '200 feet in ll ocean, will not rise on account of thc pressure the water. In tho arctic regions, »lieu the thc monietcr is below Zero, per-tons cnn converse mo than a mile distant. - Dr. Jamieson asserts that 1 heard every word of a sermon at the distance two" miles.-;-iWe have written upon paper maui factured from iron, and seen a book with loaves at bindings of the same material. SUNDAY TRAPING IN SOLDIERS.-It is a wioki thing,.according to the tender Christianity of sou folks, to deal on Sundays. We must not deal apples, or'orauges, or lollipops, or ncwspupci Nevertheless, the government, amongst other thing permits Sunday-trading iu soldiers, ltecruitii sergeants may ply their trade on Sundays-anglii foi-gudgeons on the seventh day. This plensii truth hos been lately declared by the Secretary State ; for we learn from the Manchester Onnrdit that Mr. Trafford, magistrate ' of thc New Baile -.r,wiiuir »n -fittest..recruits oauiht_on_Sjuylilïa whéruupou he received rioticu.rrom tho govornme minister, " to the effect that thc law officers of tl crown aro of opinion that Sunday enlistments a .quite legal, and that it was the duty of a'magi trato to uet accordingly." To. deal in- ruuflius giving notice of such dealing by .the very smalJe bell-on Snudny or any other day, would subm the criminal to ii fine or imprisonment ; biit purchase men-biped " food for gunpowder"-c the Sabbath, is " quito legal." This is cncouragii for recruiting sergeants, who may uow look out fi the human commodity even at the church door. SUING von DASTAOKS.-" Hallo, Sharp," sai Pop the other "day, meeting him in the street, "yo hobble, wy hoy ; what's tho mutter ?" " Oh, I ho my feet crushed through tho carelessness of n coi ductor, the other day, between the oars, that's all " And dou't you mean to sue for dumnges ?" " D( mages Jv.Ko; I .have had damages enough froi them nlready-hadn't I belter sua for.repnirs ?" A letter-from Washington states that Gener: Felix'Griiudy M'Counell, the renowned represente live in Congiees from the seventh district of Ah bama, has given it out as his serious-intention t move a series of joint resolutions for the immedial re-annexation of Ireland to the United . Statci Good. . \ A,good-natured man, the other day, stepped int a newspaper office, and proposed to .'advertise | hi wares, if they would lake coffins for pay. . THE Cn.iNNEL ISLANDS COMMISSION,-Fror private letters received on Sunday morning, we .ar apprised that the Commissiouers under the,Oreo Seal to inquire into tho laws for thc adraiuistratio of justice into thc Channel Islands, will arrive ii Jersey. the . third week of April. . The; preparation of documents with - respect to many flagrant in stkticcs of legal abuse is ubw beirig'proceeded wit] by the authorities in London. The Commissioner will come to. the Island ar least in some degre acquainted . with the subject v»iijch shall occup; their attention. , The .whole subject ofpur genera policy will undergo atriot investigation,^anli'~âïl per .sons who have complaints or appeals to mak will have ampio opportunity of doiug so.-Jerse; Times. ..... . . , A PRETTY TURN-OUT."-An advertisement in thi Times the'other day anupunced for sale o -\' pon; equipage, calculated . to carry four .persons pf ..'th most elegant description." . It is certainly a groa point in favour of this equipage that four indivi duals crammed into it would fairly, come under th head of " persons of tho most elegant description.' .It-generally strikes us that four.hilkiug people seated behind some miserable little . uudcr-dut; pony-who is -indeed frightfully under the dm; assigned ,to. him-bavo'the most awkward appear ance possible. i.\ miniature equipage that can givi lightness' and even elegance to the look of foui persons in this usually humiliating position, mus must really be -worth purchasing. We have beer in the habit of regarding such a'thing ns a men vehicle for ridicule, instead of-as this appears tc be-a vehicle for elegance.-Punch. ' InrsH .WiT.-The other day, when the ministen were in difficulty, the people had - written on the walls of Cork, " Hurrah for repaie boys ! Peel's out!" some wag afterwards wrote underneath, "Ah! but Dan's in." : v He who understands his own heart has thc key to all others. . .' ?. . ..-.>.». ? - ,.."! -..-.-.iti :, . " Símil I see you home this evening Ï" asked a " * . {í ' yomig-gentleman, after meeting, of'a young lady". jj; ",Xes *"T,": sa»d ahe^/f_ if'jótí gôlan'd,'staud oñ'tlio steps till Iget homo."... 1. _. »- . ' j A PRETTY IDEA.-Theehair'bf- loveVis wade of | flowers, bat that of wedlock of gold-lasting os well ?!.< as beautiful. j, , ^ . .;.-,) -jj A cheerful temper, 'joinod'.:with ¡innocence; will **' make beauty attractive; knowledge'delightful,1 ami i! :wit good natured. - lt;Will lighten sickiiessipoverty, affliction; convert ignorance into an amiable siui- * ! plioily;. and render deformity itself agreeable;;'O ¡ .'. ' ? .. . \- How delightful is hoTue! ?' .Tlibn'gli.we',/are' ever anxious to qiiit its repose on" some new excursion v ; ( "bf ' promised pleasure, our^àtîsfactîcra is . always . \ . ' 'the mbst unalloyed] wnen'-SuM;*UtjngryVôryattgfôà^ A. .'ll we once more hail its substantial 'comforts!*-11;0:> s 'li' :: ? i .>!;:... .?. ?;]?:-. -i iC-' '? T.j;'ll '..J . .. Ifa man has.a right to be.prond'Of.anything jt ' ¡J is of a good action^ dpne.ns n ought to.be, witherie f| ? any ^aso interest íurkiiig at Üie bottom of it. . . . ? t|> a:." I -loved my wife: nt first: as ; much aa auybojly* ,' ¡jj .evetf"did-, love a.wife. .For tho Drat,two-ínontlis^I . |! j ? tactually iw'anfed tô'cat her up-;.and?*¿w^úcejl&k-.;\\\l:¿.~". *f Í "4haye becu-Borry.-that I:didu't;K*..!; a Jií?:' :~'M-' . ? A- native' ;of- the Emerald Isle, bri ?eo'ming-lo j» J London, eugaged ;a- lodging with' a featber-béíl, ex- - jieeting a- great! luxury ;,. but war»bitterlyidisap. ,«' ." 4>j .pointed, and complaiucdj to .a friend-that ¡t was i? i .harder thHn a[straw-bed. " Pcrhaps.'h repliotl:fris ¡jíj .friend; - "'lhere are but few feathers- in- the beti;!" li Faith,"'rejoined Pat; "lif.a few? feathers lareLfeo :. ti hard, what must a grearmauy bu Î'.'; ü.'-.v t*j\\...firj ' . A POWERFUL PREAOHBB.-« Ah ! Sir !' exclaimed '| an elder, in a'tone of'pathettc/rocolíectiniv^oúv rite jf minister jvas the mau ! ; He was u powerful prender, . í| for the short timo he delivered'tboiWord unfongst - >'; us,'ho knocked three pulpit's'to pieces aud thumped ..![. five bibles to tatters,'- . . 1 . '" -.**-> "V-<;nu.- -j ROMAX J'OUWDEB.-Anaüetióneer¿pnttl'ri'g-'up an ¡ antique Itbmati helmet for sale, told'the'ebrapauy ? ' I ' he-was informed that it had b'cloúged'7tó"íBón¡qIiis, ,.' , tho Doman founder, but whether ho was n'tjras'S'or v . - iron founder, he'could hot say: ' : '' ' ',' HOTAL MELODIES.'-The King of !Deiiñiar¿^i3 selling one of his colonies, a newspaper pariigiuph says, ' for a mero song.' Wc have.tuade inquiries iii tho city, and Have ascertained that tho song al- luded to is,* I've no,money.'-Punch.. v. \ ? Ay -KsTAiitisHED .FACT.-e-A ,reverand i leoturcr 'j 'down: East recently, took: tho.ground;tbat uoinnu ¡r ! could become >'.an established'faotiin;society,'.'cun- . J;' less ho got married. The Cincinnati Herald gqes 'j further; ho cannot beootno an ;". established foot," ^: unless he surrouud himself by crowd!of little | ». witnesses'.^ 1 :? ?': '' ? -: ; .;. .-. -., . :, j*. 