ENGLAND, i For actual measures of coercion all Ireland laughs at that coward threat. The military uses (or abuses) of railways are tolerably well understood ; but it might be useful to promulgate through the country, to be read by all Repeal Wardens in their parishes, a few short and easy rules as to the mode of dealing with railways in case of any enemy daring to make a hostile use of them. The bold Hollanders once prevented their country from being overrun by French armies by laying it under water ; they opened the embankment, and admitted the sea; and in one day those fertile, plains, with all their waving corn, were a portion of the stormy German Ocean. And railways, though in conceivably valuable to any people as high- ways of commerce, yet were better dispensed with for a time, than allowed to become a means of transport' for invading armies. A hint on this subject may be thought enough ; but we see no objection to speaking plainly, and therefore we give a few practical views, which may be improved as engineers turn their attention to the subject. First, then, every railway within five miles of Dublin could in one night be totally cut off from the interior country. To lift a mile of rail, to fill a perch or two of any cutting or tunnel, to break down a piece of an embank- ment seem obvious and easy enough. Second : the material of railways-good hammered iron and wooden sleepers need we point out that such things may be of use in other lines than assisting locomotion. Third : troops upon their march by rail might be conveniently met with in divers places. Hofer, with his Tyroleans, could hardly desire deadlier ambush than the banks of a deep cutting upon a railway. Imagine a few hundred men lying in wait upon such a spot, with masses of rock and trunks of trees ready to roll down-and a train or two advancing with a regiment of infantry and the engine panting nearer and nearer, till the polished studs of brass on its front are distinguished, and its name may nearly be read : " Now, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost now-." But 'tis a di earn. No enemy will dare put us to realise these scenes. Yet let all understand what a railway may, and what it may not Co-The Nation. I ! CoRN LA Wed-The Repeal of the Corn Laws will give civilised, man increased facilities of/ employment find' subsistence. It I will put W' nation, which, is the wealthiest; the most mercanjtne(J'ithe_.most ingenious, the most adventurous, and the most phelan 'tropical in the., whole seaworthy little immediate free, fair, and open communication with every race that is civilised- enough to till the ground for food It will bring all nations to the best customers 'and the best ! producer of them almost ,y>jil,', make the, [sports of,Britain,therports of the world. Is; it,; then, according to the analogy, of human affairs that so; mighty and- so universal a !¿deyelpp^'ent'shoüla,be'spi.e ? .We^'arè,-.almost afraid to test whether it is according.itpr.thei.-analógy that it should be achieved by ordinary statesmen. aT The aristocracy evidently betray a mis urging. that it is, not to be so.; achieved. -', It ;W^8H;n'eitJ^ measure.nor.Bnydefinité'waritof confidence 'Anything .['political.'-;p^W^ -this ïàtfriWh'i^' junta'" Th'eylivyere altogether out of heart. They ' felt no calL" They' could not embrace the occasion. A person I nal antipathy, a pique, a jealousy, began the flaw which spread like lightning through the whole fragile combination, and with the loss of one number, the whole fell to pieces. It is impossible not to suspect a zeal which allows itself to be so easily baffled., The Whigs are, after all, recent convert?: are they sincere ? Something unexplained hampers the movements of men who were once free as air and bold as lions. It is a lingering fear that the risk of the measure is their own. The men who helped to cancel theological tests, and scheduled away rotten boroughs; who made corporations popular, and almshouses gaols, are staggered at a change which embraces the world in its benevolence. It was possible to corrupt or to threaten the British aristocracy into the degradation of the Church, thedisappointmentof a few boroughmongeis, the ousting: of mayors and aldermen, and the insult and persecution of the poor. Touch rents, or seem to do, and it is a more difficult affair. The change, comes home. We must expect that such of the landowners as cannot understand or feel sure of the beneficial results to flow from the change, will feel themselves under a tremendous necessity to resist it almost unto death. Self preservation, not mere interest, will goad them on. A large portion of our landowners are only the nominal proprietors of their estates. Too many of the landowners imagine they forsee a settling day in the aboli- tion of the Corn Laws, borne already talk of throwing up their estates altogether, and renouncing the British soil. They have reason for that threat. Reduce rents but a little, and their estates are no longer their own. They have less than nothing. It is not surprising that they should be incapable of rational inquiry, and should immediately prepare for the most desperate resistance. But this is not the only stumbling-block to aristocratical enthusiasm. It is found, however, to be a far severe task than suits the declining energies, the sobered enthusiasm, and perhaps, the satisfied ambition, of statesmen who are long in their standing, old in their ways, and formed in their views, with much to lose, and nothing to gain. It cannot be done without turmoil, and perhaps, immediate expense; nor can it be done without some rather distasteful additions to the old staff. The monopoly of Government and the monopoly of trade are perished together. Adopt the principles, and you admit the persons of the new system. Mere shame, apart from the obvious necessities of the case, will not allow a handful of late, and perhaps not very cordial converts, taking to themselves the work of other and truer men. Such are the difficulties, and such possibly the scruples, felt by some of those in whose hands the arduous task is now left. We can only recommend them; if they entertain the smallest doubt as to their own determination or power, to give place as soon as possible to those who may be found more able and willing. Times. PREPARATIONS FOR, WAR. - Amongst many' other warlike rumours, it is stated that orders have been issued for 42,000 sets of accoutrements for the militia of the English counties, the whole to be ready by the 1st of March, and this is supposed to be preliminary to a change or revision in this department of the service, it being in con- templation to abolish the ballot, and to raise the regiments by the best of the drum. This may be partly true, but as a whole it requires confirmation. It is also reported that there is to be an increase of the army by 20,000 men, 10,000 to be formed into second or reserve battalions, with an addition of two captains, two lieutenants, and two ensigns, to each. The 12th, 10th, 23rd, 42nd, 71st, 91st, 27th regiments, and 2nd Rifle Brigade, have already this augmenta- tion to their strength. We believe it to be true that a naval officer of experience has been engaged taking measurement of the large steamers under mail contract with orders to report immediately to the Admiralty on their capabilities for carry guns' of the largest calibre and it is said that the large steamers forming the fleet of the West India Royal Mail Company, as also the vessels of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, and the Great Britain and Great Western, have been quietly but officially inspected. It is also asserted that the recent experiments with one gun battery in the Woolwich marshes, recommended to be made by a board of officers appointed to consider and suggest the best mode of constructing defences for the coasts having been completed, and the result highly satisfactory, batteries on the same principle will be erected at Sheerness, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Pembroke, and other places on the coasts. A great number of traversing platforms, 16 feet long, to be fixed by pivots to the masonry of the embrasures, are in progress of construction at the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, and some idea of the quantity of work now performed in the carriage department may be formed when it is stated that about' five or six years ago only about 100 hands were employed in that branch, and that there are now between 350 to 360 men employed, aided by many new improvements in machinery equal to the work of a greater number of hands. Large guns have been forwarded to J ersey and other exposed islands; and to the Cape of Good Hope and our colonial possessions, and the greatest activity I prevails to strengthen every place at home and abroad. A number of the block ships heavily armed will soon be ready for their respective stations, and add greatly to the defence of the coast. Such are some of the hostile preparations said to be going on. at the present time. Well the best means of maintaining peace, is to be at all times prepared for war; and although this be somewhat expensive in the first instance, it may, after all, prove true economy Herald. 