STATE OF IRELAND. The Nation noticing rumours of a threatened coercion act, has the follow- iug remarks — " For actual measures of coercion, aff Ireland laughs at that cowaid threat. The military uses (or ftliures) nl railways are tolerably well understood ; but it might be uselnl lo promulgate through the country, to be read by all Repeal Wardens iu their parishes, a few short and easy rules as io t ho mode of dealing wiili railways in case ol any enemy daring >o make a hostile use oi them. The bold Hollanders once prevented their country from being overrun by ihe French nrnties, by laying it under wale>; they opened the embankinen's and ad- mated the sea; and in one day those fertile plains, with all their waving corn, were a portion of the s'ormy German Ocean. And railways, though incon ceivably valuable to people as highways of commerce, yet were better dispensed with for a time than nllowed lo become a means of transport for invading armies " A hint on this subject may be thought enough ; but we see no objec tion to speaking plainly ; and, there fore we give a few praciical views, which may be improved as engineers turn their attention to the subject. V First, then, every railway within five miles of Dublin could in one night be totally cut off from the interior coun try. To lift a mile of rail, to fill a perch or two of any cutting or tunnel, to break down a piece of an embankment, seem obvious and easy enough. "Second, the materialsof railways — good hammered iron and wooden sleepers — nee I we point out that such tliinzs may be of use in other lines than assisting locomotion, " Tl ird, troops upon their march by rail, might be conveniently met in divers places. Holer, wi<h his Tyroleans could hardly desire a deadlier ambush than the brinks of a deep cutting upon a railway Imagine a few hundred men lying in wait upon such a spot, with masses oi rock and trunks of trees ready to roll down — and a train or two advancing with a regiment of infantry — and lhe engine paniing nearer and nearer, till the polished studs of brass on i<s Iront are distinguishable, and its name mny nearly be read : ' Now in the name of the Father, an<l of the Son, andoi the Holy Ghost ! — now ' " But 'tis a dream. No enemy wi 1 dare put us to realise the scenes. Yet, let all understand what a railway may, and what it may not, do." 