Varieties. Eloquence ïs necessary to those who request, not to those who command. The Spartans; a bold and firm people, were decisive in their resolutions, and of few words ; whence the laconic Style. Take for instance, in 1487, causes of discontflut arising be- tween O'Neil and Tyrconnel, two Trish chieftains. The former wrote to the lattor, " Send mo tribute, or else--" Tile reply waa, " I owe you none, and if-?-." An Extract from Sterne's Koran :-Positiveness is a most absurd foible. If in tho right, it lessens your triumph ; if in tho wrong, it adds shame to your defeat. ABATES.-It is tho custom of French actors to purchase their own tlleatri«al habiliments, which thc following anecdote will show, and was carried by some ta the highest pitch of economy. In the Théâtre Francois, thc play of M ithridates wus being performed, in which a favorite actor made his first appearance (after two years' absence), in the cha- racter of Abates. Upon his entrance on thc stage, he is greeted by Mithridates thus " Enfin, après leug-teinps, je te revols, Abates." Upon which a wag observing his dirty neckcloth and stockings, cried out, " Avec les même bas, et Ia mCmc oravatte !" TEST OF PHILOSOPHY.-If you wish to know whether any body is superior to the prejudices of the world, ask him to carry a parcel far you. Dio- genes Laertius tells us a story of his great name sake, who being once requested by a certain young gentleman to teach him philosophy, gave him a piece of cheese to carry, upon which the other im- mediately declined to receive his instructions. A BAD EXCEPTION.-A gentleman fiuished aa eulogium ou the fair sex with these words :-" Ah, sir, nothing beats a good wife." " I beg jour pardon," rejoiucd a bystadner, " a bad husband > does" - I War À MAN ts NOT MADE OP DUST.-Ablacknot ! one hundred miles from St. Andrew's, being ex- j amiiied in the church catechism by the uiinister, | was asked, " WÚat are you made or, Jack ?" . he^ said, " Of mud, massa." On being told he should say of dust, lie replied, " No, massa, it no do, uo stick together." - , Franois t. of France was the first who introdnoed j ladies at his court. Ile observed in the true stylo of gallantry, " that a drawiiig-room without ladies was similar to a spring without its charms-thc gay flowers." I Cmnt.F.s V.-When-Cortes returned to Spain he ? was coolly received by thia haughty prince. Ona day, Corte- unexpectedly presented himself at court. " Who are you ?" said Charles. .' The man," replied Cortes, with all the feelings of au ia j jared person, " who has giveu you wore proviuce. ? than your ancestors left you cities." AK AKAU'S ISBAS.-An Arab being nskud how hq knew of tho existence of God, replied, " Just as I know by tito tracks in the saud whether a man or a beast has passed there; so when I survey the Hea- ven with its bright stars, and tho earth with its pro- ductions, do i feel the existence and power of a. God." X.-Charles X. x-king, was xtravngantly xtolled and is xecrated. Ile xhibited x'traordihary xccllence ii xigoucy, xoessive xacerbatiou in saltation. Ho was xomphiry in xteruals, but xtriusic ou xaniiiidi tion,' he was xtatio nuder xhortation, and xtreme iu xciteinent, and he xtiaguished xtenipore ^pressions. He was xpatrlated for his xcesses, and to xpiata his xtravagances xisted and xpired in xllo. IIospiTAttTY.-Jack Banister, praising the Irish for their hospitality, after his return from Irelaud,' was asked if he had been at Cork. " No," replied he ; " but I have seen many drawings of it." ADVERTISEMENT.-Thc following choice speci- mens of ancient art as also modern genius, the un- doubted property of n distinguished wit, and col- lected with great expense and labor, will shortly bo obliged to bo brought to tho hammer : Two Cats fighting, by Claude (Claw'd). The Iuterior of Covent Garden Theatre during tho Itiot, by Opie (O-P.) Thc Death of William Hufus, by Arrowsmith. The Ghost of Don Giovanui, by Boue. View of Billingsgate, by Rouw. The Carpenter's shop, a Cabinet Picture, by Turno The Rescued Flower, by Salvator llosa. Tho Extracted Tooth, by Stump. Tho Veto, by A. Pope. Ti>» KÎKCII tu a «-age, by Poussin (Puss-in). Thc Salotation.byMetsu (Met yon). The Siege of Troy, by Tcniers (Ten Years). ' Music.-There waa posted, ¡none of tho windows of a shop in Weatwinster, " Music taught here ;'' and in the other, " Ears bored here-without pain." LEOAL WIT.-A barrister observed io a learnofl brother in court tho other day, that " tho wda mg of whiskers was unprofessional;" " iiight," replied his friend, " a lawyer cannot be too barefaced." Foun INGREDIENTS-The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next good sense, and tho last wit. A RUSTIC.-A Mr. Gardener being spoken of in compauy as A person of uncouth milliners, a lady observed, " I am glad I do not kuow the rustic." A Report concerning the Duke of Cumberland originated in tho -Suu newspaper ; on which a wag' observed that His Royal líighuess had been killed by a " coup dé soleil." Why io a pretty woman like bread 7-Because' she is often toasted.| Why are a pair of spirited horses dashing td Hyde Park like tho eye ?-Bccauso they aro under the lash. What liquid is that which can express nine al- dermen, an oyster, a disappointed lobster, Lord Brougham's wig, and the Cham of Tartary's great toe ?-Ink. Why aro darned stockings liko heroes of 1700 ? -Because they are men dcd. In which mouth do ladies talk the least scandal? -lu February. My two first letters arc a male, my three first aro' a female, my four first a groat man, and my whola' a great woman ?-Ile-r-o-ine. What relative is your uncle's brother to yoii; wheu he is not your uncle ?-Your father. Wliy is a man in a violent passion like fifty-nihö minutes past twelve ?-Because lie is going td strike oue. What word is there in the English language that to take one letter from it would make you sick ? M-usick. Why is a room full of married persons like ari empty room Í-Because lhere is not a single person ia thc room. Why is the gas-Iight in the clock at St. Giles's church like a pelisse; and Unlike a cloak worn by the ladies ?-Because it shows the figures and does not confino the hands: Why is a beggar with wooden legs the most in- consistent man on thc globe ?-Because he asks alms, and wauts legs; Why is an archbishop like a cobbler ?-Because he is compelled to bc installed. Why is a widower goiug to be married like eau de Cologne ?-Because lie ia rewiving. What.is it that a horse should neither havo nor be without.-Corn. Why is tho nest of a small English bird Uko St; Paul's ?-Because it is built by a Wren. Why ls a young lady who is industrious like au old lady who cauuot work ?-Bccauso she i3 not-able. What is it wo do when, to increase tho effect, wo diminish tho cause ?-Snuff the caudle. Which is the oldest trie, ?-The elder. If all the vowels in the alphabet were to spent; why would Ö bc ouly heard f-Because all olhcra are in and [able. Why is tho letter A thc best letter for a deaf wo- man ?-Because it makes usn ti BAH. Why did a fat fellow dreadfully squeezed at tho" opera become complimentary to the ladies ?-Tho _ pressure made him flatten '. -. . _i 