NEWSPAPER LITERATURE. UTILITY AND INFLUENCE OF THE PRESS. Englishmen have known that to them the Press is the modern Magna Charta, ten thousand times more precious and availing than that of King John. Destroy even trace of that bit of parchment, annilate every record and testimony of our constitution, and long glo rious conflict for our liberties, and the Press shall spee dily build us up a new charter, a new constitution, and new liberties. It is the soul of our souls, and the mouth of our mouths. It is the grand sum total of 30,000,000 of spirits, nay, of the spirits of all past gene rations —of all our poets, our patriots, philosophers, and divines, combined into one power, and is, therefore, more than all the constitutions, all poetry, or patriotism. It is a condensation of the universal intellect and of Divine revelation into invincible potency, and into a sun more eternal and victorious in its darkness-scatter ing energy than that of one particular system. It is alive with the power, and speaks with the'united voice of God the Saviour, and of mankind. Its strength lies not in the metallic wheels and levers, nor even in the steam by which it often is impelled, but in its heart and in its brain; for these are the heart and the brainof col lective humanity. Nero wished that he had all the necks of mankind combined in one neck, that he might cut off the heads of the whole human race at one blow; but in the press we have the heads of all mankind uni ted to cut off; as it will do eventually, the heads of all tyrants and traitors, to the sacred cause of man, of truth, and of love. But we have more than the heads of all men combined here; we have the invincible intel lect and the heart of man, twin and heaven-born pow ers ; and the press has its throbs and pulsations. It beats with the great heart of human nature; its nerves thrill with feelings sent from every quarter of the globe. It stands not on the earth; it is rooted into it; its wood is living, and is the tree of life; and every stroke and pressure which it gives are impelled by ourown hearts, our affections, our hopes, and our triumphant anticipa tions .of an unquenchable life. Who shall dare to stand before this mighty instrument—this champion and re presentative of universal man ? None but princes who nave been fooled and flattered into the idea that they themselves are something more than mortal. Yet these have rarely dared the attempt to destroy it. They have contented themselves with that of gagging it And as that which is divine, once fallen, becomes demoniac, what a pestilence-breathing machine becomes a gagged and misguided press.— Howitt's German Experiences. —— Is public sympathy to be excited ? " Try the influ ence of the Press." Is a grievance to be redressed ? " At tack it through the Press." Is the public to be warned against some wily impostor?" " Unmask him through the Press." Is the public benevolence to be aroused ? " Appeal to it through the Press." Does the magis trate's poor box want replenishing ? Turning himself towards the reporter's box, that worthy official expresses his persuasions that by their means the fact will spee dily become public, and a remedy as speedily provided. —Bentley's Miscellany. Dr. Johnson, when in the fulness of years and know ledge, said, " I never take up a newspaper without find ing something I should have deemed it a loss not to have seen; never without deriving from it instruction j and amusement. NAPOLEON'S OPINION' OF THE PRESS. "A journal," said the great Napoleon, "is a grum bler, a censurer, a giver of advice, a regent of sovereigns, a tutor of nations. Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a hundred thousand of bayonets." THE NEWSPAPER PRESS IN AMERICA. In no other country in the world, perhaps, is the newspaper press so powerful an engjne as in the United States. No where else is it so omnipresent in its action, so omnipotent in its influence. It addresses itself not to a class or section of the people, but universally to the nation. In the social structure of America, there is no great class devoid of the first elements of education. In the northern states especially, the ability to read and write is universal. In a state of society which converts every man into an active politician, the species of infor mation most in dem«nd, and most greedily devoured, may be readily surmised. The constant yearning for political intelligence is incredible to anv but an eye witness. The newspaper-offices may be'said to be, to the Americans generally, what the gin-palaces are to a section of the London population—the grand source whence they derive the pabulum of excitement. Such being the case, it is no wonder that journals should mul tiply amongst them. Almost every shade of opinion, political, social, or religious, has now its representative organ or organs. The press in America speaks to every one, and of every one. Its voice is heard in every cabin in the land ; its representatives are found thickly scat tered over every settlement; it is a power irresistible, and which must be conciliated; mafring itself felt in every public department, and at die same time exercis ing a tremendous influence over private life. The first newspaper printed in America was the Bos ton News Later : die first number of which was issued April 1/th, 1703. THE PRESS. When liberty first sought a home on the earth. No altar the goddess could find. Till Art's greatest triumph to printing gave birth, And her temple she reared in the mind. The phantoms of Ignorance shrunk from the sight. And Tyranny's visage grew wm: As wildly he traced, in the Vtfume of Light, The pledge of redemption to man! All bail the letara of the glorious day. When Freedom her banner unfurl'd And sprung from the Press the Promethean raj That dawu'd o'er a slumbering world ; Whrn Science, exulting in freedom and might, Cnveil'd to the nations her eye. And waved from her tresses, refulgent in light, The glory that never can die. The mighty Enchanter, whose magical key Cnlock'd ell the fountains of mind. The thoughts of the mighty in triomph set free. In cloister'd confusion confined ; The lay of ..be Poet, the lore of the Sage, Burst forth from obscurity's gloom. And staited to life, in the wonderful page. The glories of Greece and of Rome. Great ark of our freedom I the Press we adore-. Our glory and power are in thee; A voice tbou bast wafted to earth's farthest shore. The 6hout of the great and the free. The tUve's galling letters are bunt by thy might, The empire of leason is thine; And nations rejoice in the glorious light, Which flows from a fountain Divine. WHAT NEWSPAPERS ARE Ott OUGHT TO BE. Newspapers are die channel through which the first knowledge of facts of interest in science, in history, or in morals, are disclosed: and they are die medium through which die most important results are every hour made patent to die public. But, independently of their foreign correspondence, there is die immense di versity of dieir home intelligence. No path of public interest is left untracked by diem, no source of intelli , gence advantageous to die man in business, die politi j cian, or the philosopher, remains undrawn from. The j acts of die Government, die operation of the laws, die i movement of public opinion, the courts of justice, from j die highest to die lowest, die very accidents tiiat befal, ias well as die singular offences that are perpetrated in j dus vast metropolis by individuals of all ranks—that pabulum of tens of thousands, rich and poor—form their common staple, and are in their columns an ordinary occurrence.— Observer. A newspaper leader is a commentary on an event which has just happened. It is a talk about the news. A leader in a journal is not an essay, because the writer is not trying what he can say on a subject which has been chosen by himself, or prescribed to him by others. A leader is not a treatise, since it does not profess or at tempt to handle a topic separately and completely. What a man has to say of news just come to hand—the 1 free, fresh, spontaneous talk of die hour dashed off on [ die spur of the occasion, is die proper subject for a newspaper leader. No other composition demands so imperatively a ready wit aud a full mind. But to write a leader without having an event; —an article on the news when there is no news! The poet who wrote a poem on Nothing, proved he had something to write about. It seems a task worthy of a Pharaoh to demand —p brick without even providing a straw. But even the absence of news is an event. Rarely, indeed, does a week pass in a world of restless life, which does not ex hibit an occurrence worthy of the comments of the jour nalist.—The National. A newspaper is at all times an epitome of life. The joys, sorrows, pangs, and pleasantries of human nature are there crowded in one picture. The same Gazette records the prosperity of one, and the bankruptcy of another; the "ups" of the favourite of Fortune, and the ** downs" of her rejected. True is the reflection which it casts of human life and human destiny. There is scarcely a line between " births" and " deaths :" and " marriages" seem only a connecting link between the two. The same page that records the struggles of an empire, details the catastrophe of a convicted thief. True to life, a newspaper, like the day of its publication, slips through our fingers, and becomes, in the picturesque words of dear old Jeremy Taylor, of " the portion of weeds and worn out faces," without one event clinging to our memory, or escaping from all absorbing oblivion. Newspapers, like the days of which they are the " brief chroniclers," become of the past, before we are fully conscious that they are present; and so it will be until both shall have an end, for when there will be no future the past will need no historian. Put away thy musty tomes, oh, philosopher! and abandon thy hermitage; if thou wouldst study man in all the wondrous intrica cies of his nature—if thou wouldst read the chart of life aright—go to the newspaper,—there is in its varied co lumns matter enoush for the profoundestof thy specula tions, —food sufficient for thy hungriest cravings into the origin of good and evil.—llluminated Magazine. I A public journal, like a mirror, should reflect die ima ges of things as they successively present diemselves: whatever occurs within its own locality or in other parts of die world is deserving of a place in its columns, and dus argument holds pood widi relation to all matters that, more or less affect die interests of die human fa mily under all its aspects and changes. If dus rule were more uniformly and steadily adhered to, no reader of a newspaper would meet with disappointment in die peru sal of its contents; if he did not find all he was in search of, it would be made evident to him diat his predilections were not overlooked, and diat a due admixture of die various ingredients at command had been carefully pre served. A paper devoted to die advocacy of a particular class, is not a newspaper in the proper acceptation of die word; it must of necessity be confined in its range of thought, and therefore far from ad pted to die wants and wishes of those who look for information of a more general character and better calculated to convey to their minds a more extended and accurate description of the world's movements. Entertaining these views, our object has been, and will be, to mingle varieties, in rea lity to form a miscellany, containing as much interest ing matter as can well be grouped together in our conse cutive issues. Whenever a more than usual quantity of religious intelligence has appeared, tile incorporation was justified by its importance. Others may dunk differ ently, diis we cannot help; but were die same space de voted to diat kind of reading most agreeable to such as take umbrage at too much religion, not die whisper of an objection would be heard! Every subscriber to a periodical journal should remember diat he is only one of some hundreds on the same list, whose ttstes must be consulted as well as bis own, and it is right and proper to provide accordingly.— Madras Athentzm,2&th; ApriL THE NEWSPAPER. I sing not of a tale of woe That happ'd some ninety years ago ; I urge a theme, that all must know, The Paper. At morn, when tea and toast appear. And co the table all draw near, What gives a zest to welcome cheer ? The Paper. In vain the urn is hissing hot, In vain rich hyson stores ttie pot. If the vile Messenger's forgot The Paper. What h't cva dre«v the Vicar's eye. E'en from the tithe-pip 6tnoking by. To mark some vacant Rectory ? The Paper. What is't attracts the optic powers Of Ensign gey, when fortune showers Down prospects of •" a step " in «* ours ?' The Paper. What i'st can make the man of lav Neglect the deed or pen to draw Ca Sa—Fi Fa—lndictment—flaw? The Paper. What Wt can sooth his client's woe. And make him qmte forget John Doe, Nor biok on Mister Richard Roe? The Paper. What tsit absorbs the wealthy c«t. The half-pay sub, the fool, the wit, The toothless aunt, the forward chit ? The Paper. What u't informs the Country round XV bat's stolen or 6tray'd, what's lost or found. Who's born and who's pat under ground ? The Paper. What tell'e you all that's done and said, The fall of beer, end rise of bread, And what fair Lady's brought to bed ? The Paper, What tells you of your youthful sparks. Who go on •* Tom and Jerry ** larks And lights blown out by Police clerks f The Paper. What is it tell's of splendid Baits At Davis's—and morning calls •Tween Mister S and Misses Halls? The Paper. What Vs narrates full many a story Of Mr Speaker, Whig, and Tory, And heroes all agog for glory ? The Paper. What is it gives you ths price of stocks Of Baikoad schemes, and patent locks. And all about the temperance " blocks ?* The Paper. What *peak6 of thieves and purses taken. And murders done, and maids forsaken And average ptice of Lilly's bacon ? The Paper. At home, abroad, infirm, or stout. In health, or raving with the gout, Who possibly can do without ? The Paper. Its worth and irerits then revere Since news it gives you all the year, Thiuk not you e'er can buy too dear. The Paper. VALUE OP NEWSPAPERS. A thousand times have we heard this question and answer. Two gentlemen meet: -* Whafs the news?" asks one: " Nothing but what you see in the papers." They pass on about their business. Has it ever been I noticed that, among the thousand benefits of a newspa per, not the least is, that it does away at once with the tittle-tattle gossip, street-yarn foolish exaggerations, scandal, and newsmongering which once took up so much of the time of those who were always hearing or telling some new thing. One real evil of social life is thus ended. The man rises in the morning, looks over the paper, and is satisfied that he knows all worth know ing of the passing history of the world. He has nothing to tell and nothing to hear further. He does not spend his time in. giving information which his neighbour knows as well as himself. He is not annoyed in the midst of his business or pleasures by die recital of afikirs in which he takes no interest. The same with women. Curiosity is gratified without loss of time. The scandal of the day has not employed a hundred busy meddling tongues in its circulation and exaggera tion. Conversation takes a higher tone. Principles of morals and taste are discussed; the new poem, the last book, the magazine, or the review, becomes the subjec of conversation. Even hi the 2n!;:or matters of l?f« «ot ciery owes a large debt of gratitude to the newspaper.— Macclesfietd Courier. AN OLD NEWSPAPER. There is nothing more beneficial to the reflecting mind than the perusal of an old newspaper. Though a silent preacher, it is one which conveys a moral more palpable and forcible than the most elaborate discourse. As the eye runs down its diminutive and old-fashioned columns, and peruses its quaint advertisements and by gone paragraphs, the question forces itself on the mind —where are now the busj' multitndes whose names ap pear on these pages?—where is the puffing auctioneer, the pushing tradesman, the bustling merchant, the cal culating lawyer, who each occupies a space in this chronicle of departed time ? Alas ! their names are now only to be read on the sculptured marble which covers their ashes! They have passed away like their forefathers, and are no more seen! Prom these consi derations the mind naturally turns to the period when we, who now enjoy our little span of existence in this chequered scene, shall have gone down into the dust, and shall furnish the same moral to our children that our fathers do to us! The sun will then shine as bright, the flowers will bloom as fair, the face of Nature win be as pleasing as ever, while we are reposing in our narrow cell, heedless of everything that once charmed and de lighted us. Many people take newspapers, but few preserve them; yet the most interesting reading imaginable is a file of old newspapers. It brings up the very age, with all its bustle and every day affairs, and marks its spirit and its genius more than the most laboured description of the historian. Who can take a paper dated half a century ago, without the thought that almost every name there printed is now cut upon a tombstone at the head of an epitaph? " The newspaper may be destroyed at night; it may light a cigar, or it may curl a lady's hair, but the thoughts that arc in its columns may influence ten thou sand for good, and produce effects which volumes of essays, sermons, or narratives, could never produce, and especially where they could never reach." To this, ano ther journal, edited by a bachelor of course, adds the following rhapsody:—*' The very thought of one's lucu brations nestling down at night among the ringlets of a sweet girl, keeping watch over her midnight slumbers, as well as curling her hair, is enough to infuse poetry into the pen, and make the ink, as it traces along the sheet, fragrant with sentiment-"— Kew York Herald. AN EDITOR'S SERVITUDE. A gentleman of distinguished attainments, who for merly conducted a weekly paper with much ability and success, but who is now travelling in Europe, writes to a friend in England, who has recently assumed the charge of a newspaper, as follows: " You must live in and for the paper. There is no escape from this voluntary, and yet live-long slavery. For now nearly ten years, I have known the willing voluntary, unbroken service which the true servant of a free press must endure. My weekly charge has been more than I can bear, and often like the slave described with such pathetic eloquence by Job, I have ' longed for the shadow* which tells die hour of rest Feeling thus with respect to the weekly press, how can I but fear for you, my brother, my friend, when you bind yourself in sixfold bonds ? How little do the majority of readers of newspapers know of the expenditure of thought, of the labour of the head, and brain, and hands, which goes to make up that which ministers to their highest wants; and also how many truths, thought out with brain-throes, pass unnoted, unobserved, even if not received with relentless hostility!—Nevertheless, the true man must work, and work too, in the martyr spirit; contented even with the thought that bis me:e reticks, when he has laid him down in the dust, will constitute a land of superstructure and basement upon which the glorious and eternal temple of truth shall stand." Another writer makes the following remarks: "In the estimation of almost everybody, who ima gines himself somebody, while everybody else knows he is nobody, an editor is supposed to* be an automaton, to do, write and say what everybody else wishes, except what he himself thinks proper. In short, he is expected to be everybody's body, and in trying to please every body who wants to be somebody, he is sure to please hardly anybody, except the individual nobody, who thinks himself somebody. In order to satisfy every body, therefore, he ought to be like the people who are most likely to criticise his labours, which nobody under stands better than himself—nobody. Having no ambi tion to imitate the man with the ass, whose story is re corded in the fable, we have resolved hereafter to'say in regard to the contents of our paper, * Whatever is, is right.'" THE TOILS OF A NEWSPAPER. Newspaper literature is a link in the great chain of miracles which proves the greatness of England, and every support should be given to newspapers. The editors of these papers must have a most onerous task. It is not the writing of the leading article itself, but the obligation to write that article every week, whether in clined or not, in sickness or in health, in affliction, dis tress of mind, winter and summer, year after year, tied down to one task, remaining in one spot It is some thing like the walking a thousand miles hi a thousand hours. I have a fellow-feeling for them, for I know how a periodical will wear down one's existence. In itself it appears nothing—the labour is not manifest; nor is it the labour—it is the continual attention which it requires. Your life becomes, as it were, the publica tion. One week is no sooner corrected and printed, than on comes the other. It is the stone of Sisyphus—an endless repetition of toil, a constant weight upon the mind—a continued wearing upon the intellect and spi rits, demanding all the exertion of your faculties, at the same time that you are compelled to do the severest drudgery. To write for a paper is very well, but to edit one is to condemn yourself to slavery."— Captain Mar ryat. WHAT IS AN EDITOR? An Editor dresses plainly, keeps no stud beyond the one or two he wears in his shirt, pays the Income-tax when his income allows him, but grumbles infinitely more when it does not; is as fond of Champagne as any lady of fashion, but does not drink it so often, as it costs him eight shillings a-bottle; sleeps on a mattress stuffed with more str«w and thorns than roses; rarely violates the edicts of Father Matthew, and has no more victims than any one else who has a tailor. And as for bis plav ing Old Bogie to actors, filling the Bankruptcy Court with publishers, sending poets by dozens to Bedlam, and being waited on by a "Prime Minister, or a Frince Metternich, his name, in ninety-nine cases out of a hun dred, is not known by any one of them, and his influence does not extend beyond the office where his paper is printed, or the lodging he occupies in the neighbour hood of his printer's. The thousand and one charms, too, that colour and gild his existence, consist, in cold truth, in his devouring—no matter what his taste or ap petite may be, —a quantity of raw manuscripts; in ans wering questions about the colour of Prince Albert's hair; hi being insulted by every other correspondent; in making an enemy for life of every contributor whose article he rejects; in being presented with " the lie" by any member of the aristocracy for saying he has a cold when he has not; in being continually solicited to do miracles in his little paper which Parliament and the seven wise men could not effect; in being every other hour pestered for copy! copy! copy! and in stopping up to all hours in the morning in a cold printing-office correcting proofs.—Reader, unless you have had a uni versity education, like hard work, have a 6oul for scis 6ors and paste, are fond of reading the debates, are ad dicted to late hours, and are partial to illegible MS., every day abuse, and rheumatisms, remain as you are, and abjure printers' devils as you would impatient creditors. 1 The romance about an Editor may be very flattering and agreeable; but, believe us, so it ought to be, to compensate in any measure for the prosy reality I— Cruikshtfk's Table Book. a backwood's editor. About twenty-five years ago when I was in a certain western 6tate (which I shall not name) it was a terri. tory, and with few inhabitants, a young lawyer from one of the old states immirrraled thither and settled in the to<ra of K . He succeeded admirably in bis pro fession, and rose rapidly in public favour. He had been there nearly two years, when he induced a printer to print a weekly taper, of which he was Editor and proprietor. Squire S. was much pleased for a while with editing a paper. He was a man of very low stature, but used the editorial " We* as frequentiv as if there was a dozen of hum, and each as big as franidl Lambert. Strange to say, there was at that time men in office who were not a particle more honest than they should be, a thin; ?inch probably never happened before, and never wilt again. Squire S. felt all the patriotism of a son of 76, andpoured out grape and canister against public abuses. This soon stirred a hornet's nest about his ears; but as there was no other paper in the territory, there was no reply, and he enjoyed his warlike propen- Mtttsin security. At length, he published an article more severe and cutting against malieasance in office than any that had preceded it; in feet, though pointed at no one indivi dual in particular, it wag a " scorcher." Some three or four days afterwards he was sitting alone in his editorial office, which was about a quarter of a-mile from die printing establishment, fats pen was busy with a paragraph, when his door opened without much ceremony, ana in stalked a man of six feet He aelted, •* Are vou S., the proprietor of this paragraph?" Thinking be had found a new patron, the little man, vifh one of bis blandest smiles, answered in the affir mative. The stranger deliberately drew die last num ber of the paper from his pocket, and pointing to the article about rogues in office, told the aflrighted Editor that it wm intend^ fcr~ him." It was in vain that S. protested he had never heard of him before. The wrath of the visitor rose to fever heat, and from being so long restrained, bailed over with double fury. He gave the Editor bis choice either to publish a verg humble re cantation, or take njtotrgmg «« th* >pot: either alter nativewas wormwood; but what could he do? the en raged office-holder was twice his star, and at one Wow would qualify him for an obituary notice. He agreed to retract t and as the visitor insisted upon writing the retraction himself, he sat down to his task. Squire S. mads nn excuse to walk to the printing-office, with a promise that he would be back in season to sign it as soon as it was finished. 8\. had hardly gone fifty rods when he encountered a man who inquired where Squire S.*s office was, and if he was at home. Suspecting that he, too, was on the same errand as the other visitor, he pointed to the office, and toll him he would find the Editor within writing a most abusive article against office- hoUers. This was enough; the eyes ofthe new comer flashed fire; he rushed into 6ie office, and assailed the stranger with the epithets, "Liar! scoundrel! coward? 1 and told him how to write. The gentleman, supposing it w s some bully sent, there by the Editor, sprang to hk feet, and a fight ensued. The table was upset and smashed into firewood; die contents of a large jug of ink stood in puddles on the floor; the rfuirehad their j legs and backs broken beyond the skill of surgery to cure diem. This seemed only to inspire the combatants with still greater ftuy. Blow followed blow with the rapidky of lightning. First, one was kicking on the floor; then die other; each taking it in turn pretty equally. The ink on the floor found its way to titet beet, till both of them cat the most ludicrous figur mtagintble. The noise and sproar were tremendous die neighbours nut to die door and exclaimed with as tontshment tftat two negroes were fighting in Squire 8/s office; none dated to separate them. At length, completely exhausted, they ceased fighting. The cuv j cumstanee of die ease became known, and the next day, hardly able to sit on horseback, their heads bound up, Tax kmtob's sosrv. •• A. ?.- I drink well iay. - ficestvccV • C D.* vast study more. I \- B.P.<;. H." seems rather grieve*. < «LJ."?nutt«atMr<-. • K. L. If. K.*" ml me Ins pam, **O. P." mm*g« t* ecbooL • 9> * " ovnf writ* i«o«t Ogata. -B.T."i?«.«teaf«?l. We dmk ra« knt of «U ; But when • t«pit*l yea ■?<•*•, ; You mm* not pat a small. *• W. 3L" ««€sm sstely ves*J, *Tis folly tam to pet; An4 ?X T. Zl-wc'raqmteper^lrx'J. And eauaot answer yrt. Ceouc. EMTORIaI. APOUMHEB. The publisher of a Georgian p.per apologises for the ■pwitiarss of his original matter by saying that bis Editor has been drank for several weeks, and die pub lisher of the Fioridmm apologises for a similar scaati acss by saying that the Editor is away hunting Indians. We copy from die Mmmtrtal Courier ihe&Oovmg-;— •As it is a most p«rtienJar hot day, we have not die ■lightest wish to put ourselves into a greater sttw than we are in at present; therefore we must decline die labour of inditing an editorial. We fear that we are selfish; but we prefer that die compositors should per spire dlNMuh the extra infliction of two columns of extracts in small type, than that we should suffer from die labour of writing a eoluma and a-half, to be set up in* larger kind." WASTED AX EMTOa. Wanted an Editor I tell ami wrong. ?■* wk? can eawry me wvrhi along— Om «t feast wka a heart m gam* Thatfe«ill«*siok'ncuthaw?rid*fsha«*| Lt«t?^aV**tw<le? ft mutter* not, H oatf a fee* af bran be'* gat— O?« who kb autMM* shoo w?U bet. Ami a rattling hand at sia*V-*tirk I wm?Uai VW HRH I Hn Mfli U hc% mmtf th* lurk to f>|jfj; Am •jwt?ci?f]r«k«wkfia«!— A Bfitfifl? fV CS^vV""^*^ w?Cfit «0 Waft Kara lie by skuikm*. nmm drawn, A coat t all wm; man, may hut one— ButtacTawstoMHtweuiaMC?oael Wanted m Etitm I Wanted for Urr, A humm ■aJafraaeaec of awlfe* and trc_ One, wlm tar «eai am mum trill yieM ■■MmMV sYft^M?jsM fitla>fikfilmMsaA> ftsa a4L«IJ • B&*v?vsjav mavvammfWS VP bsjbtm £ One, wfc? tm *— tfc« Bmti <t? WUrk we mmmtd s«ta«r sariaks n wear— O??, wfc? witt •«•■? aft* haw «• pawa, T« csta n« snvile srac* •fmal W«Mrf N l«tir!f«tiin?. 'j^y*—« j* "■■«? if* t Tsa t««4-««r«T4>4 fc<-ut is iu guile any seek. Like ma ?■— tt! 4 wmmkr. itm wptowdt; (fetfesrryettacbMrtwMUbe In Am drnkiim g«|pfc rf hm^m ilL b? M? Immtu Aeptas a l—u rtdl I tu un or a nnmn. There a not a country in the world that can boast af so widely-spread a spirit of pbilandtronhv as Ene- I hmdL Bhe BTS aSteen dTb^TwhSrS Kghted to her shows die distressed of all countries, where dley have met with that prompt and humane a?cintanrr which has eadeaved her institutions to all classes of individaais, and carried die fame of her cha ritable deposition to the remotest parts of die earth. Of fete years dIM spirit has taken deeper and deeper root, and wider and wider epretd its branches, that with tnMh it may be said that the whole country has become one vast forest of charitable institutions—one vast gar den of ham -nity—one vast stream of benevolence. But •midst this scene, so resplendent widi all that makes us great as a nation, avid&t; aft tint makes as beloved as plliian«ropisls,oueeL^ofkidividaikseeaced,asthoadh by common consent, shut out from participating in its blessings—a class, tm, die pivot upon winch all die others move; the ve 7 axis, in fact, upon which the gwat world of charity revolves. It needs hardly be said tit t tins is die class to which the printer belongs —the printer, who is the iodividnal that has given life aad light to *U the charitable mstitatkms which thu or any adW country can bs«st; he it t$ dut has caused the sun of prosperity to varm and gladden die noble I institutions of our l.nd. not by one means only, but by ] U mems: he it is that prints the holy book pointing' die wiy from" N :tnreup to Nature's God;" be it is that has taught the ignorant to be learned; he it is that has t«ught the senator wisdom, the monarch on the throne to wield the sceptre in mercy, truth, and justice, ?ud to rule in righteousness; he it is who supplies all the wants of the moral world, and causes " the widow's heart to sing for joy ;* he it is, in short, that makes the \ "still small voice" of poverty and distress be heard at die remotest comers of the earth, and couveys the tale of misery from die poor man's cot to the abodes of ruy -lty and the palaces of the rich. Yet, amidst this forest of charity, this garden of humanity, this stream of benevolence, until within a short period he h.s been altogether neglected. From the very nature of his oc cup tion, the condition of the printer is comparatively unknown to die community at large. Immured as he is in • dose and confined place of business, from an early to a late hour, end frequently throughout tile ought, breathing little else thm a tainted atmosphere, it is no wonder tb.it he should display a c daverous countenance, and altogether an emaciated appear .nee. Independently of the confinement his employment ne cessarily entails upon him, he is subject to v.riouscotn pl«ints almost inseparable from the nature of his occu pation. It is true tn.t much that w.is obnoxious has been removed, yet much stiii remains which it does not appear possible to remove to the advantage of the art of printing. The compositor is die individu?.l who en dures all mat does remain which is hurtful to his he-.lth. The matter of which die types are mide not unfre quendy exerts a pernicious influence upon him, parti cularly when he is obliged to dry bis type by die fire for die purpose of expedition. Added to this in die process of correcting he is in a position which m terially tends ultimately, if not immediately, to disturb the harmony of die internal organs. He is also subject to a variety of temperatures, produced sometimes from hot air, sometimes from steam, and sometimes from gas, to die changes of which he is peculiarly susceptible from die inactive nature of bis habits—chronic and other dis orders being diereby produced. But die most* serious of all the calamities to which he is subject i6 loss of sight. It is no uncommon circumstance that a member of the art of printing' becomes blind, or his sight so much impaired diat it is of no real value to him, who in bis younger days, or when he first came to the business, was blest with the nicest discriminating powers that tiiat sense could display. Frequently, before he arrives at die age of manhood, his eight, instead of being stronger, becomes weaker, and before he arrives to the middle age of bis allotted term he is obliged to seek aid from artificial means; and when he yet further arrives beyond drat period of life, he is surrounded by a com pneatkm of maladies, which never leave him until he is consigned to the 6uence of the grave. Such is die life of a printer; such i* die life of that man whose days (which are die prunest of another man's life) are em ployed, closely employed in administering to the ne cessities, die comforts, and die luxuries of die whole world. Can it be deemed intrusive, then, that an appeal should be made to that world to administer somewhat j of its abundance to his relief when the days of his ad- ' versify arrive—when premature old age unavoidably overtakes him—when he is laid upon a bed of sickness and sorrow, surrounded by bis weeping family, who have hitherto looked to him for the bread they eat ? Can it be considered intrusive to ask for a portion of that which he has so largely contributed to dispense, whereby to soothe die ills of poverty, wretchedness, and woe, with which his mind is continually harassed :nd oppressed? Surely such an appeal will not be made in vain—such an appeal cannot remain unanswered.— From the Sevemttxnth R port of the " Printers' Pen atom Society" THE PRINTER. He stood there ttone at that shadowy boor. By «h* awingtag lamp dimly burning; And uleat within, save the ticking type. And without, save the night-watch turning; Ab4 heavily echoed the «oleon sound. As slowly he paced o'er the frozen ground. Ami dark were the mansion* dut so lately shone With the joy of festivity Aad hearts that were breathing in sympathy then. Were now tit ing it o'er in their dreaming ; Yet the PaivTra still worked at his lonely post. As slowly he gathered his mighty host. A'd th^re lay the merchant all pillowed in do*n. And buihuW bright hopes fur the morrow, K«r dieamtd he that Pate was then weaving a wand Taut would bring him fear nod sorrow; Yet the Psimtbb was there in his shadowy room. And he set u his frame-work that rich man's doom. The yoong wife m sleeping who lately had bound The ties dut death only ran sever; And dreaming, she started, yet woke with a smi'e, j For she thoaeht they were parted for ever I ! B«t the Printer was clicking the types that would j tett. ! On the morrow, the truth of that midnight spelL And there by di? statesman, whose feverish brow. And restless the pillow was pressing. For he fdt through the shadowy nriist of his dream His loftiest hopes now pos«es>ing ? , Yet the Printer worked on. 'mid silence a&d; gloom, ' And dug for Ambition its lowtie*t tomb. Aad slowly the workman went gathering His budget of grief and of gtadn«>ss ; A wreath for Ac nxnle. n grave for the low, Pot the happy a capful of eadness ; &nnge; stories of wonders, to enchant the ear. And dark ones of terror, to curdle with fear. Fall strange are the tales which the dark host shall bear To palace and eat on the morrow ; j Oh welcome, thrice welcome, to many n heart I To many a bearer of sorrow ; | It shall go like the wind and wandorine; «ir. For life and ia changes are iapr «sed ther -. THE ** TIMES' * REPORTERS. The Rev. Professor Henslow, in a speech recently made in Suffolk, took occasion to speak in the most 6tigbting and contemptuons terms of die reporter of the Tumeg. In reply that gentleman gave the professor die fbuWrag well-merited rebuke:—** f know not why an unusual or discourteous style should be adopted by Mr Henslow when speaking of me. Mr Henslow speaks of me as *thk reporter." It may be, Mr Henslow con ceives hfm?plf entitled to use this phrase in reference to a reporter of die Times. Mr Henslow belongs to the upper rank of the middle class. Of die twenty gentle men who constitute the parliamentary staff of the Times, I know not one who has not sprung from, and does not belong to, fhe same grade of die same class. But Mr Henslow belongs to a profession diat ranks high. Three fburths of these twenty gentlemen do the same; nay, we have had and have amongst us some of MrHenslow's own profession. Above one-half of these gentlemen have taken honours (some of them quite as high as Mr Heninow) at the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford. But Mr Uenslow may have a handsome income from his |Hw6nr«M?nr. There is not one of these twenty gen tlemen who has not at Least an income from die Times equal to diat of Mr Henslow from his living. But Mr Henslow may have some means of income unconnected with his Irving. Every one of these gentlemen has die same, from a profession, from private fortune, from successful authorship, or as an editor of die London weekly journals. But Mr Henslow's is a profession winch gentlemen are anxious to enter. Mr Henslow Ullk knows of the struggles, of die interest made or attempted, of die earnest endeavours used, and of die mortifying failures, by gentlemen of die Universities, to obtain a vacant 'diis reportership* of die Times, where there chances to be one—an appointment which no one in London ever questions to be an honorable one to the gendeman who gains it, simply because it is not a patronage appointment, but die sure mark of knowledge, of abflitv, and of energy. I speak thus out, not as an egotist, I hope, but in defence of a gentleman of a class that it appears a fashion—in Suflblk, at least—to deride. To men versed in die biography of those who most dis tinguish themselves at the bar, this defence would be wholly tmnecessarv; bat when we have had a Burke, and a Canning, a "Campbell, a Talfbrd, a Spankie, a Phillips, amongst us—when die leaders and rising men of most of oar circuits—nay, including your own Suffolk —were, in the up-hill days of their studentship and early professional career, '"this reporters,' encountering the tons and <"rudgery which the office imposed, as a valuable mental drilling, and nobly and manfully pre- ; 1 ferring the hard- earned fruits of their own ability to • i living desponding pensioners on their friends, * waiting on Providence/ I, as * this reporter,' may indeed afford to smile at the heavy wit of blank-faced country gentle men, when directed at the reporters of the Times." SONG OP THE EDITOR. BY JOHN BROWN. (From the St. Louis Revolt./ Sit! Sit! Sitt— From matin hour till twilight gloom, I Hr's a•• fixture" there in his dusky roam !— Away (be moments flit. And the world outside, with joyous din. Moves gai'y on—but the word within Is liboi. and toil, and care I No turn knows be in the weary day But the turn that shows the pivot's play. As be tarns bis easy duirl Think! Think! Think I Io the smith's bright forge the fire glows, But the smith himself the bellows blows— Unheard the hamo.er'ti clink I Not to tbe fire that lights tbe brain Ot him who wears tbe galieg chain. Or n<akes tbe press gang go: He must flash with light, and glow with heat, Witb qaii) in b<<ad bis ur «iii rouet beat- But never indulge a bl.no. Write! Write I Write I ThoT fancy mar on a tired wing. She must still her tribute celestial bring. Nor own * weary flight I And Reason's powers, and MemVy's store. Mast prwve their strength, and bring (be lure Antique, and sage, and mystic:— For these, to tbe uttermost thought and particle, Musi ro in to-morrow's *' leading article "— Of argument—wit—statistic 1 Lie! Lie I Lie! If he happen to be a party back, B* must echo the yell of the greedy pack, Aud shout tbe demon cry I To Honoi's *ppval be must never hark. But aim. like Death, at a shining mark. As be speeds the poison !d dart I 4nd then when tbe bartle so fierce is o'er. And the victor's apportion the captur'd etore. Their thanks fehall be nis part 1 Clip I Clip! Clip! No *' cabbaging " shears bis baud doth hold. Bat those with which tbe cunvot gold. By lawful right bell dip,— The •* Devil" is gone, but he will not fail Of a prompt return with the •* morning mail "— A basketfull of ** exthanges" — And then tbe Kditor opens aud skims— Accidents—deaths—discoveries —übiins— As over the world be ranges! Paste! Paste! Paste! Witb a earners hair brush, aud a broken cup. He gathers the scatt r'd paragraphs up. And sticks them on in baste. The ** Derii" appears, with a grin and bow— *• Please, Sir. they're waitin* for 'copy ' mow," He says, in actvnts solemn : •* Toe foremtn thinks he'll soon impose Tbe outside farm with scraps of prose, Asd the leader may be a columu 1" Pay! Pay! Pay! The "world" is done work on a Saturday night, And bounds with a e'ep of gay delight To bis wife and babes away I Bat round the Editor, see! a arore j Of honest **j iurs?" "bo tease hi<n sore— , And he may not be unheedful;— Tfao* bright is the wit rhat can furnish there. The mums to relieve them all from care. By shelling them out the *' ntedful!" printer's mysteries. Dr. Squork unites to a great intellect a most remark able simplicity, lie lately observed, in conversation (says the Boston Post), that one of the most surprising thugs to his mind, and one for which he could never account, w-js, how a newspaper was always hit just risht—it neither fell short nor overran. *' The chances," observed the Doctor, "are a million against it happen ing as it does." We said nothing, except that there were some mysteries very properly confided to printers. THE EDITOR'S TROUBLES. That Editor who wills to please Must humbly crawl upon his knees. And kiss the hand that beats him; Or if he dare attempt to walk, Must toe the mark that others cbalk, And cringe to all that meet him. Says one. your subjects are too grave- Too much morality you have— Too much about religion; Give me some witch or wizard tales. With slip- shod ghosts, with fiua and cc⩽, Or feathers like a pigeon. I love to read, another cries. Those monstrous, fashionable lies—- In other words, those novels Composed of kings and queens and lords. Of border wars, and Gothic hordes That used to live iu hovels. No, no—cries one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff. To crate tbe whole creation ; Give us some recent foreign news, Of Russians, Turks—the Greeks and Jews Or any other nation. The man of drilled scholastic lore, Would like to see a little more In scrape of Greek and Latin; The merchants rather have tbe price Of southern indigo and rice. Of Indian silks and satin. Another cries, I went more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, A lebus, or a riddle; Some long for missionary news. And some of worlily carnal views. Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill. Must dip in gall bis gander quill. And scrawl against the paper ; Of all the Hterarj fools Bred in our colleges and schools. He cuts the silliest caper. Another cries, I want to see A jumbled up variety— Variety in all things; A miscellaneous hodge-podsfe print, Composed—l only give tbe hint. Of multifarious email things. I want some marriage news, says Miss, It constitutes my highest bliss To bear of weddings plenty ; Fora time of general rain. None suffer from drought, 'tis plain— At least, not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, said one— Of people totally undone. By losses, fire, or fever ; Another answers full as wise, I'd rather have a fall and rise Of racoon skin and of beaver* Some signify a secret wish For now and then a savoury dish Of politics, to suit tbem; But here we rest at perfect ease. For should they swear tbe moon was cheese, We never should dispute them. Or grave or humourous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same. Too haughty or tot bumble ; And every editorial wight. Has naught to do but what is right. And let the grumblers grumble. •* I pity the printer," said my uncle Toby. *• He's a poor creature,*' rejoined Trim. "How so?" said my uncle. " Because, in the first place," continued the Cor poraL looking full upon my uncle, " because he must endeavour to please everybody. In the negligence of a moment, perhaps, a small paragraph pops upon him; he hastily throws it to the compositor; it is inserted, and he is ruined to all intents and purposes." "Too much the case. Trim, 1' said my uncle, with a deep sigh; "too —much—the—case." •* Ajid, please your honour," con tinued Trim, elevating his voice and striking into an imploring attitude, " this is not the whole." "Go on, Trim," said, my uncle, feelingly. " The printer some times," pursued the Corpor.il, "hits upon a piece that pleases him mightily, and be thinks it cannot but go down with his subscribers. But, alas! Sir, who can calculate the human mind ? He inserts it, and it is all over with him. They forgive others, but they cannot forgive a printer. He lias a host to print for, and every one sets up for a critic. The pretty Miss exclaims, * Why don't he give us more poetry, marriages, and bon mots ?—away with these stale pieces.' The politician claps his specs on his nose, ana reads it over in search of a violent invective; he finds none, takes his specs ofl^ folds them, and sticks them in his pocket, declaring die paper good for nothing but to bum. So it goes. Every one thinks it ought to be printed expressly for himself, as he is a subscriber; and yet, after all this complaining, would you believe it, Sir," says the Corpo ral, clasping his hands beseechingly," would you believe. Sir, there are some subscribers who do not hesitate to cheat the printer of his pay? Our army swore terribly in Flanders, but they never did anything so bad as that!" " Never V said my uncle Toby emphatically.— American paper. THE PRINTER'S DOOM. BY THOS. MACKELLAB. (From the United State* Gazette.) A priuter, weary aud wan. His face ail mortally pale. As he wearily plodded his homeward way Before the breaking of early day. Broke out io bitter wail. Hie voice was husky and hearse. As though his luugs were gone ; And he coughed and gasped, and gasped again, And he pressed his hand ou his heart in pain, While thuB his plaint ran on: '* A world of toil is this! It has uo joys for me; *Tis labour by day and labour by night, By the light of the sun, and by candlelight— | Labour continually. ** Some men have a day of rest, ' t But Sabbath for me is uut; It ie toil all the week, and toil on the day That God has giveu to rest and play-*- Lo! this is the printei's lot! . " When I was a boy," he said, *' I played ou the hills of green; I 6warn iu the stream —I fished in the brooks— And blessed was I to sit and look, Dnfetteted, ou Nature's scene. " For twenty sad years, or more, My life has worn aw y, In musky rooms of poisonous air. When I've yearned for a sight of valleys fair, An<l the light of open day. ** An iuuoceut prisoner doomed, My heart is heavy withiu ; Oh, why ehouid a man untainted by guilt. Who the blood of a creafurc never hath spilt, Be pent, like a feion, for sinl" The printer then coughed and sighed— And btars were growing dim, Aud he upward glanced at the morning sky. And he inly thought it were good to di*, And death would be rest to him. His heart was tired of beating: He prajed to the Lord above To pity a man whose heart had been riven By toil for other men's interest given, And he wept for His mercy and love. He hied to his humble home— His iufant awoke to cry, "Oh, father! oh, mother! I'm hungry for bread !" And the printer bowed down, with aching head, Ou his Mary's lap to die. Oh, ye who have never known The richness that*6 in a crust. When nothing is found on the desolate shelf, And the sufferer's pocket is empty as pelf- Receive my stoiy on trust. Say not in your careless score. What boots the tale to you ! The ihyraer who traces these roughly-writ rhymes Hath known of such sufferers in other-day times. And the maid of his rhyme is true. Remember this holy truth— The mau who aloof has stood ! When a heart-broken brother for succour did crave, i And he 6tretched not a fin<er to bless and save, ! Is veiily guilty of blood! EUROPEAN JOURNALS. j It is estimated that at Rome there is one journal to every 51,000 persons; at Madrid one to 50,000; Venice, one to 11,000; London, one to 10,600; Berlin, one to 1,070; Paris, one to 3,700; Stockholm, one to 2,600; 1 Leipsic, one to 11,000. Taking, instead of cities, king doms, the estimate is—ln Spain, one journal to 864,000 individuals; in Russia, one t0<674,000; in Austria, one to 3/6,000; in Switzerland, one to 66.009; in France, one to 52,000; in England, one to 46,000; in Holland, one to 40,500; in Prussia, one to 43,000. Comparing the number of subscribers with the population, there is In France, as one to 437; in England, as one to 184; in Holland, as one to 100. THEFUER6M&N; Pull up, my boys, turn quick the rtntmce. And let the work begin ; The world is pressing on without. And we must press within— And we who guide the public mind. Have influence far and wide. And oil our deeds are good, although The devils at our side. Let fly the frisket now, my btiya! Who are more proud than we— While wait tbe anxious crowd without, The force of powir to see. So pull away—none are so great. As those who run tbe car; And who have dignity like those Wbo practise at tbe bar. And you wbo twirl the roJ&r; there, Be quick, you inky man; Old time is voUHmg on himself, And beat him if you can ; Be careful of the light and shade. Nor let the sheet grow pale ; Be careful of the wuntfuy looks Of every head and tale. Though high in effice is oar Stain/, And pi-nvs is our case. We «ou d not curt a slur on those Who fitl our lower place ; The paping; world is fed by us. Who retail knowledge faere ; By feeding them wejeed ouselves. Nor dreos our fore too dear. Pull up, my boys, lura quick theronnce. And thus tbe c&a;*e we'll join ; W« have deposits in the bank. Our drawers are full of coin ; And who should more gente^ly <ut A figure or m das 19 Yet Eomedmes we who press to much. Ourselves are pressed for Cash THE WONDERS OF THE ENGLISH PRESS. A French fitifletonniste, astounded at the marvellous expedition of the Times expresses, writes at Bonn in the following strain:—" I begin to think that the five quarters of the globe will be wearied with the homage rendered to the memory of Beethoven. England alone has despatched thirty stenographists (short-hand wri ters). The Times has established from Cologne to Ostend an express of steamers, in order to despatch its communications with greater celerity. The Eastern question itself did not excite so much interest, or cause such a bustle. The reason is that Beethoven is adored in England, and the English journalists (especially the Ttmes) spare no expense in endeavouring to satisfy the curiosity of their readers. In France, facts and news are sacrificed to the literary portion of the paper. In England, quite the contrajy; an English paper especially plumes itself and rests its* reputation upon being well informed on every subject of news. As soon as any event is announced in any quarter of the world, no matter how far distant, a correspondent is immediately despatched to the 6cene of action, well qualified for the duty and well paid for his eervicat. Aihis disposal arc placed steam-packets, pigeons, estafeltes, post-horses, and steam-engines, and fortunate is the journal which can manage to be beforehand with its rivals in the re ceipt of intelligence. The French newspapers are books, the English journals are really journals. The number of journalists that I have noticed at Bonn are prodigious. There are English, German, Belgian, Russian, Swedish, and American reporters. I cannot think without alarm of the immense mass of matter that they are now com pilmg, and the transformations which the truth most undergo in passing through so many pens V SONG OF THE PBfSS. From a cave in fhe heart of the earth I came. And the Fire kings bound me fuel; And they rode on their steeds of blood-red fiiune And my bosom they scoichM with the blast-. But soon, like a giant, strong I grew. And fled from the Fire-kings' den ; And (be world rejoiced when toy strength itkoevr And ifae Press was the pride of men. ' CBOBDS. Hail to the Pees* I the nighty king, 1 'Mid bis sab'e slaves b#> stands; And his fame snail ding, like the winter's wine. On the bead of Alpine land* ! Let the hieroglyphic scrolls of yore From the mummied shrines depart ; Let the nyuiis now lament no more The reined books of their ait ! For the Press with his mye-tic wand can raise The voices of seen 'on • dead; And bring in • car of r>.inbnw-rays, The mem'ry of greatness fid! Hail to the Press. &c; Hunan for the son* of Caxtnn old I Hurnh for his chape?* Icie! Hurrah tor his Typoee, black and bold. O'er which we love to po:e I Behold, now unconquer'd steam comes on I I And the brain can scarcely think, 1 When the wizard-^pell breaks the phoenix-shell, Aud the thought aw«kes in ink I Hail to the Press, &c; Behold, how the Herald spreads his/brm To the Press's rolling might ; And the poet's lay from Lethe's storm lonus bursting into light. Let the mould ring temples fall to dost. And the mountains waste away! But so long as time on his bell can chime. The Ptess shall not decay. NtmastU. Hail to the Press. &r.; ADVERTISING. " Besides," said the learned counsel, "the whole of the public announcement of Mr Simmons intending to leave the colony was comprised in a single advertisement to that effect. Who ever heard, I wonder, of any one wish ing to make anything public, and discontinuing his ad vertisement after the first insertion? Who is to see a 6ingle advertisement? How many hundreds of people may read the paper at their breakfast-tables, and never cast their eyes on a once-inserted advertisement! Why, the whole benefit and object of advertising is only to be attained by perseveringly forcing die matter on the at tention of the public, till you cannot but have made them aware of the object you have in view. It is not advertising once or twice that makes a matter public, but advertising continually, and keeping alive the at tention that is attracted towards you."—/Mr Windeyei's Speech, "Simmons v. Ktmp and another," Sydney. 29th August, 1845. There is but one way of obtaining baaness,pubiieitys but one way of gaining publicity, advertisement—tits newspaper is the fly-wheel by which the motive power of commercial enterprise is sustained.— Btaektoood's Magazine. And truly Blackwood is right. THE LAW OF NEWSPAPERS IN AMERICA. 1\. Subscribers who do not give expsess notice to the contrary are considered as wishing to continue their subscriptions. 2\. If subscribers order the discontinuance of their papers, the publishers may continue to send them till all arrearages are paid. 3\. If subscribers refuse or neglect to take their paper from the offices to which they are directed, they are held responsible till they have settled their bill, and ordered then- papers to be discontinued. 4\. If subscribers remove to other places without in forming the publishers, and their papers are sent to the former direction, they are held responsible. 5\. The courts have decided that refusing to *?fcp a newspaper or periodical from the office, or removing, and leaving it uncalled for, is prima facie evidence of intentional fraud 1 — American traveller. MISERIES OF NEWSPAPER PROPRIETORS. The editors of the Liverpool Mercury, some time ago, made known one of their complaints as follows:—"On the 26th ult we wrote to twenty-nine respectable sub scribers to our paper, who are not within the route of our journey. We requested payment of their accounts in the most urgent manner compatible with respectful expression, and we hoped they would favour us in the first week of this month. To this hour, twenty-one of them have paid no attention to our wishes; and yet we have no doubt they will expect us to send diem their paper as punctually as if we owed them die papers. Is this lair? Can stamps, and paper, and printing be found for nothing?" " Please to say to die printer of die Australian Daily Journal that it would doubtless be well to erase die name of C. C. from his books, and give up as gone tiiat ten guineas. He says, in die first place, he never or dered the paper, and if he did, he never got it; and if he did it was as an agent; and, besides, he dunks he paid for it long ago; and if he didn't he has got nothing to pav, and if he had, he could plead die Act of Limi tation." The editor of a country newspaper, sadly in want of cash, reasons thus with his delinquent subscribers:— "We don't want money so desperately bad, but our cre ditors do. And no doubt diey owe yon. And if you pay us, we'll pay diem, and they'll pay you." Good logic, certainly, and he deserves to be paid up to dm utmost farthing. The editor of an American paper requests those of his subscribers who never intend to pay to gjve him notice as soon as possible. Engushjand Colonial editors may make tile same request printers' precepts. For the perusal of those who do, and for those who do not now, but who are about to " take in" die South Australian Register or Adelaide Observer :— ** Never inquire thou of the printer for the news; for behold it is his duty at die appointed time to give it unto dlee without asking. It is not fit that thou shouldst ask of him who is die author of an article, for his duty requires him to keep such things unto himself. Do not make a practice of borrowing thy neighbours' papers it is neither honest nor independent. When thou dost enter into a printing-office, h?ve a care to thyself diat diou dost not touch die types, for diou inayst cause die printer much trouble. Look not at the copy which is in die hands of die compositor, for it is not meet in die sight of die printer. Neither peep over die outside while it is being struck off, nor look over the shoulders of die Editor while be is reading a proof. __ Prefer die town paper to any other—subscribe immediately for it, and pay in advance, diat it jbc well with diee and dry little ones." When the Earl of Sunderland resigned office, in the reign of Queen Anne, the Queen offered him a pension of £3,000 a year; but the Earl replied, "that if he could not have die honour to serve hi& country, he would not incur the infamy of plan dering it." We wish a few of our modern peers were equally upright. Printed and published by the proprietor, John Stephens every Wednesday and Saturday morning, at the* Somth Australian Register and General Printing Office, Hindley ■treet, Adelaide, South Australia, where Orders and Adver-. tisements, and all communications to the Editore will t? received* 