Domestic Intelligence. BIBLE SOCIETY. -The annual meeting of this very valuable Institution was held yostorday even- ing at thu Penitentiary Church, which was filled to oxci ss His Excellency Sir Eardley Wilmot presided, and expressed himsolf highly satisfied with the proceedings Wo shall notice them m detail on Friday IMPORTANT SALE -Tho sale of merchandize by Messis Hay and Ivey, which commenced today, and will be continued tomorrow, com- prises A great variety of articles, suitable no less to dealers in general, than to private families, as will bo seen by reference to our advertising co- lumns We advise intending purchasers to be "up and stirring. " HURRICANE.-Mr Degraves after having had His house robbed, and his malt house burned, the roof of the principal building of his immense pre- mises was yesterday blown off by a hurricane The amount of the damage sustained during the week considerably exceeds £500. POLICE REPORTING_Our contemporary of the; Britannia has our thanks for taking the bull boldly by the horns, in writing'a letter to the Lieutenant Governor on.tho subject of (he very great incon- venience to which Reportei s nt the Police-offieo are now subjected We had meutioncd the matter until wo were worn ¡ed oi doing so, but were in-* formed that an angomcnls had been made to re- medy the griovnuee complained of, and that in fact a sort of pulpit was lo bu forthwith erected, between the, windows looking towards St. David's' Church None, bowov« r, has yet appeared,* but we hope our contemporary's Solicitation will bo attended with tho so-much-doslrod effect. Wo «. , cannot close these brief remarks without plea« singly adverting to the excellent toni adopted by our contemporary in advocating the necessity of proper accommodation for the Reporters. He, is' quito ri'^ht when he sivs, tint there are mntiv cuses tried byvtho Justices which ought to bo fully reported in the papers ; equally true is it. that for want of common un-crnw d*d stnndincr-rnnm, " nu- merous uastsin HIIIUII Ibu lieu community ."" In- terested, are liupei lectly noticed, or omitted altp getber " Wo corroborate every word of our c> laboralc'ir, and havo often felt annoyed thjit we bad been prevented from reporting that class of cases to which he refers; accommodation onco afforded, we shall take caro tobo at our post upon all fitting occasions. ATTEMPTED' AR'SON -Wo sincoroly regret to state that wretches so execrable as- to bo capable of attempting the desperate crime of uVsnn, should exist in this community. Un Saturday even- ing some miscreant placed au old waistcoat, the pockets filled with live coals, and covered with straw and rubbish, in the privy of Mr. Smith, tho extensive oat) proprietor's yard, very noarly ad- joining our printing-office, the hay and straw yard of Mr. Drury alone separating them. Had not tho vile attempt at incendiarism been fortu- nately discovered when the flame was firs! on tie point of bursting forth, the wholo of Mr. Smith's extensive stihling and pi omises must havo been consumed, with ovcry probability that, with a. stroug north westerly wind, Mr.Drury's premises aud these offices would have buen consumed also. Information was immediately given to the police, and every exertion was made to discover the detes tostable incendiarios. Certain persons are strongly suspected of being concei ned in the offene». Tap TnuATnK-Jack Sheppard, which was produced last night for the first time with the present company, was a decided " hit." Well as it was performed by the former company, the cha ractei s were equally well sustained by the present; and all tbo ra -mess of the drama was capitally, displayed. Young, as heretofore, enacted tho " hero, " but with more force and truthfulness ; he has mellowed, as it were, into the part, and in- spirited by a crowded audience determined to be pleased, he gave great effect to the character. Stubbs, as Sir Rowland Trenchard, filled Arabin's, place very effectively, and Rogers was equally successful in Frank Howson's part, Blutskin ; the1 only other new character to bo noticed is Leo's Jonathan Wild, which was performed very excel- lently throughout, and we can corroborate' the statement of the lessee, by asserting truly, that the representation of Jock Sheppard did meet a " brilliant success." We roust ncft forget tho ladies, who ono and all contributed largely to tho success of the piece, which, as will be seen, is toj be repeated To-morrow evening, when those, anót there were many, who had not an opportunity of witnessing it last night, will be enabled to do so. The Interlude also afforded great satisfaction ; Miss Clurke's Ancient Highland Fling was ex- tremely well danced, wiih animation, spiiit, and, vivacity ; as was likewise the Sailor's Hornpipe by Miss Thomson. Lee sang a Temperance ver- sion of Billy Barlow very characteristically Tho amusing Farce of Raumy the Wind, with Young as Jeremy Diddler, concluded the performances, which were not over till 12 o'clock, a drawback,' certainly, to the comforts of quiet, bed- loving folks, especially if they have any distance to walk to their homes. Wo hope to seo this remedied, as we know it can be, in futuro COMET COACU -We bog to contradict a state- ' ment in one of the Launceston papers-the Ex- aminer-that two or three accidonts had occurred to tho Carnet coach within tun days, and one to Mrs. Cox's. " Comparisons aro odious," as MIF* Malaprop says, so we shall say no more upon th subject except that the Comet was overturned/ , as we mentioned at the time, on one of the race nights-not, howovor, through any fault of tho coachman, or through any deficieiiey iii the ma- chinery, but by the carelessness and stupidity of a man with a cart, which he allowed to come iii collision with the coach SUPREME COURT - I his morning Mr. Montagu, in tho case of Richardson v. Armytage, moved that the rule nii,i obtained by him this day week, should be made absolute ; the rulo was for judgment to bo entered up for the plaintiff on the second count ' ' of the declaration, notwithstanding that a verdict for the defend int had been given on the first and third counts. Against this motion the Solicitor:' General showed cause, and will, we presumo, take somo timo in enforcing his arguments. Their Honors will, of course, reservo their judgment, but from what fell incidentally from the Bench to-day, we do not think the motion for a new trial ' will be granted. Wo shall at all events attend to' the case. GOVERNMENT SALARIES.-We regret to find that the salaries of the Government Officers, above £150 inclusive, are not, at present, tobo paid monthly, as heretofore, but quarterly, so that no payment to this amount will be made till the beginning of July next. The insufficient re- venue is, we presume, the cause of this'delay ; but .? as the Customs' duties are increasing, we hope it , will not bo necessary to continue this custom. To SPORTSMEN: PEDESTRIANISM_A young man, named Henry Murray, formerly attached to the Police, " is open" to run any man in the co- lony from one milo to one hundred and twenty; or, Ho will undcrtako lo perform the journey from Launceston to Hobart Town in twenty-ono hours ;' or, he will pick up one bundi ed stones, for any sum from JE5 to JË80. This running phenomenon is to be found at Mr. Johnson's, City Hotel, Eliza- _ beth-street. EXECUTION.-Tho wretcbed lad, Henry Cooper, suffered the hist sentence of the law this morning, > at the Usual time and place. His crimu was wound- ing au overseer, named Beech, at Impression Bay, with intent to murder him, and by which Beech « lost his leg by amputation. The poor creature, we understand, was quite penitent, mid his mado a full confession oi Ins errors to one of the Roman Catholic clergymen, who has been most assiduous in his attendance upon the miserable culprit.^ " ^ HUM CONTRACT -Wo leam that the Govern- ment contract tor 2000 gallons rum, has beda taken by Mr. Johnson, of the New Wharf, at- /> 5s. Hid pur gallon. ". . .? HOBART TOWN MARKETS_Wo regret "toi state that the markets havo not maintained their late bribkness. Wheat cannot be quoted higher ' than 5s. per bushel ; indeed the average is a shade low* r. Malt barley is, however, in great demand at 4s Gd. All other articles as before. , , . SYDNEY_Intelligence reached Sydney yester-, ( day (April 21) of the death at Queanbeyan of Kohert Campbell, Esq , upwards of forty-eight ' ' j ears a merchant iu Sydney, and one of tho most ? ' honorable meu in the community.-Sydney Herald. » i AN IMPROPER AppoiNTMbNT.-Weare informed that Mr. William H«nry Breton, the present Chair*,. man of the Court of Quartor Sessions and Court ' of Requests, has accepted the office of Director to' <4 the Australasian Bank, in the stead of Mr. James Henty. This is one of the most inconsistent^ - amalgamations of official appointments wo ever ' heard ot ; Mr. Breton, in his capacity of Chair- ' man of tho Court of Requests, must frequently ' " be judge in cases in which he is personally con- ' corned, as Director of the Australasian Bank. Under any circumstances, no judgo should be' conoerned in trading ; this Siamese sort of union <-i between tho judgeship df the Court of Requests * ' and Directorship of the Australasian Bauk'is Ml monstrous, and we hope his Excellency Sir Eardley ! Wilmot will not for one instant permit it to'coii^ ' <y finue_Cotnwall Chronicle. ' ;w u*" ., > »y. ^ i PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,-It has, been deter-V,*» mined by tho~Presbytcry that the Rev. Mr. Rus- "i soll, who had received a call.from the church iatic/fl Launceston, shall still remain.at .Evandale: The!-.. i, appointment of a miuistünto the West Tamar,M-; church is s(¿Jl in abeyance.-¿ann.--.Examiner. uc, > H ! : LAUNCESTON MARKETS.-The highest rate at > > { which sales have been- effected jia j 5s. per bushol, cash ; superior samples 'only command this price* 4«.' 9<L being the average quotatlon;_/ojelj ''.'.' ^H? OjtfofA and Camb'ridhe"[ièoiefvf a new , nïo'^lily,' certainly in the, t^óseyíte or, Trâc turian,interest, has como forth manfully to . insist, in the name of the advanced chilisa : tion of'the age, even of the common decen ' cies of language, upon the necessity of a new '; transi ition of the Bible, the only diffcience 'between which, and the present (King 1 James's) translation will be that the same meaning will be given in words which females mav hear without being put to , shame-that the Bible may be left upon '1 every table without the apprehension that 'young people may get hold of it, and read it to the corruption of their utiinformed \- minds. No parent who has the slightest regard for the delicacy of his young daugh- ters, or even of his young sons, can so at present leave the sacred volume, which ought to be in the hands of all. Why should the Psaftiis be the only pnrt of the whole vo- lume, of which the Bible and the Pfayer book contain different translations? It is well known to Biblical critics with what /scrupulous care and laborious attention the authorised version (King James's Bible) was ushered into the woild, under the critical supervision of a concentration of all the theological, skill and learning to be found in the kingdom. The translation appealed in >the year 1611, in folio, large black letter. It has been asseited (but this is a disputed rpoint in the controveisy, to which we shall have occasion to advert) that theie was another edition in the same year, which ex- hibits several variations from the former. The editions multiplied rapidly, insomuch that prior to lu'l8 eleven different impres- sions are known to have issued from the press. The fluctuating condition of our language at this period, the comparatively low state of the typographical ai t, and doubt- less a relaxation of vigilance on the part of those who supei intended the text, admitted a multitude of seiious errors into the editions ' of the Bi'ilc which appeared in the reign of j Charles I., and during the Commonwealth, ' some of the variations being strongly sus- pected of treachery. The defective condition of the sacred text wns a topic of complaint ' -with many writers of the seventeenth cen- ¡ rtiry. fuller, about the year 1GG0, notices | some of these eirois, under the quaint title j of Fyefor Shame, and assigns as one cause , of the growth of infidelity in the land, " the late many false and erroneous impressions of-the Bible." He cites as an example, in an edition of 1653,1 Cor. vi. 9, " Know; ye notthntjthc unrighteous shall inherit the ' llingdom of Go"d ?" instead of'"shall not' inherit ;" and states that this text was pleaded, as an excuse (or rather encourage- ment) for libertinism. In one case, where, in Psalm xiv. 8, " the fool1 hath' said in his heart there is no God," was printed, " there isa God ;""tlic printer was fined £3000, and the copies were suppressed by order of Charles I. Field's Bible, 1660, described ' by Dibdin as an unrivalled specimen of the press of Ihe time, professed to be " very ¡ carefully and accurately printed, io order to | counteract the mischievous effects of the - many errors of the preceding editions ;" yet I this edition has been charged 'with inte'n tipnal alterations. In Acts vi. 3, referring to the choosing of deacons, Field has, " Look j ve out among you seven men of honest re- I port, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, I whom ye may appoint over this business," j instead of " we mav appoint," &c.; Bishop ¡ Wetentíall thinks this a designed alteration, ' in order to establish the people's power, not ¡ only in electing, but in oidarning their' ministers. WK regret to see so gallant a soldier as Sir Charles Napier involving himself with , the Press. He has sent the Editor of the Bombay Gentleman's Gazette for republtca tion, » letter which he had previously 'sent to the ¡London Naval and Military Gazette, in i which he says, that " he does not enter inÇo controveisy with anonymous writers, or defend himself against the innumerable false- hoods put forth against him by a portion of the Indian newspapers ; but when he sees a falsehood published as coming from him, it becomes him as a Gentleman to contradict such an attempt to deceive the public."-A correspondent of the Military Gazette had stated that Sir Charles Napier had publicly . at his own table expressed his regret and vexation at the publication of the " Conquest of Scinde." And he requests the Editor to I assure his correspondent of whose name | " he, the Editor, is in possession, that his j assertion is an unqualified and malicious false- hood" Now it cannot in any view be deemed a malicious falsehood. The " Conquest of Scinde" was a most intemperate, and improper publication, and the best thing Sir Charles could have done was to express his annoy- ance at a publication, in which he is held Up , ns the calumniator of men as honourable and high minded as himself. In saying that Sir Charles hud thus .expressed himself, the correspondent may. have uttered a lie-we use the Napierian dialect,-but still it was a very benevolent falsehood. , But|Sir,Charles allows his passion to get the- belter of1 his common sense. Some " d-d good nafured friend" having sent him' a packet df The Calcutta Englishman, in which,'J the,Conquest of Scinde" was very severely criticized, he chose to believe that theJremittance was made by the Editor him- self, to whom he addresses the following letter'. Tj|e Editor took no other revenge than'publisbing'it with a sorrowful lamenta tionover SirCharles's unfortunate aberration of intellect:->' * '' " Sir,r-I have the honour and pleasure of ac- knowledging the reception of a parcel of The Englishman, for which present I am, I presume, indebted to yyur muujficenco \- I am proud Sir, to return >ou my best thanks for havmg in so obliging and frank a manner fur- nished me with, undeniable proof, how jnstlv, ia my .. History of the Conquest, of Sunde, ' I bave di scribed the Indian Piess of which you are, 1 hear, a distinguished number It)is di hghtfid, Sir. to have the correctness of my opinions on that point, viz , the character of tho indian Press, thus confirmed by so good an authority as voursclf, and in such a natural un- pretending manner, without labour or art, yet inoontestibly convincing i i \ ?, Pray, Sir, continuo to send me these vivid self expositions oftyour merit, as a journalist; I shall be happy to read them, provided, as on the pre- sentí occasion, I am not to pay for them, that would be rather a Waste of money, because my convictions are already! entire, and however de- lightful your naioeti may -be, it is scarcely worth purchasing » I hare the honour to be, -' i 'Sir, your obliged servant, fi ,, W. NAFUB, ¿Ifajor General " 