ORIGINAL POETRY. FINGAL'S LAMENT FOR GAUL, THE SON OF MORNI. (Translated from the Gaelic of Ossian.) AND is the chief of winding Strumon gone! And has he left me, sad and old, alone! Am I, no more, to see him pace the field— No more, in war, to hear his dreadful shield! Shall his bright blade, that messenger of death, No more illume my dark and dreary path In battle? Shall his ship not ride the main— Shall I not hear his rowers pour their strain— Shall I, for once, not hear their welcome call From Morven's maids,—"Behold the ship of Gaul?" His coming now calls forth no welcome lay, From aged bard, nor yet from virgin gay; His banner streams not in the evening gale, Nor chase his hounds the roe in Strumon's vale; They sadly howl in front of Morni's hall, Nor heed the roe, since fell the mighty Gaul! Alas, sons of the chase, his voice no more Shall call ye early forth from Morni's door! The thistle soon its dewy beard will wave Above the bed where sleeps the warrior brave,— Yea, sleeps regardless of the morning call Nor can the sound of shields awaken Gaul. O, what is strength of mortal man? To-day Though it may roll the tide of war away To-morrow's sun will see the beetles crawl, In silent triumph, over mighty Gaul! Why, feeble man, was it thy wish to feel, Thyself as strong as Gaul? Clad in his steel He shone bright as an iceberg in the sun; But, lo, like ice soon vanish'd Morni's son; The southern winds but scarce began to blow, And low was laid the terror of the foe! The hero's life was like that pleasant beam That sooths the youthful hunter in his dream; He scarcely sees the beauties of its form, When, lo, it disappears before the storm— It flies at once before that cruel wind, That leaves him nought but hoary mists behind. But more than this remains of mighty Gaul— The song will still his memory recal; The fame or Fingal's friends shall not decay, Like rays that faintly mark the rainy day! Here, bards, raise ye the tomb and mossy stone To mark the fall of Morni's mighty son; Let this green tree extend its branches tall, From noonday heat, to shade the grave of Gaul; These blooming boughs, that scent the passing shower, Afford the summer birds a lovely bower; When from the south, in spring, they pass along, And from this tree pour forth their joyful song; The ghost of Strumon's Chief will hover near— Such strains, in life, were pleasant to the ear. R. McD. Melbourne, Sept. 22nd 1846. 