PRESENT STATE OF PARTIES. ( From the Australian, February 17.) Two years ago, namely, uhout May 1844, after the great public meeting of the Squatters in Sydney, there were three parties in the Colony, namely. 11.) The Squatters, comprising all the opposition Members of the Legislative Council, many merchants if not the majority, and nearly all the Squatters. (C.) The anti-Squatlcrs, as they were called, that is to say, a small party, who were as great friends to squatting as the Squatters themselves, but who were opposed to a uew priuciplc demanded by the Squat ters, to wit, " Fixity of Tenure," or Leases as against purchasers of the Crown Lands. (3.) The great body of the people in the towns, who not under standing this great popular question took little interest in it, and could scarcely be called a jmrtsj, though as a class of disinterested individuals, it was the largest of the three, by an immense majority. The second, or smaller party, have laboured hard the last two years, by their organs, the 1 V,ch!y Register, nnd the Australian, to disseminate their views of the danger of Fixity of Tenure ; and they have succeeded in making their numbers greater than that of the first party. But the converts (hey have gained arc not like the first, or squatting party — zealous and active. They ure, as they at present think, only remotely Ifltrrf'Sttl in fllPnttPchGn rt/Micn.,.,/...il.. they arc all but passive. The first, or squatting party, on the other hand, con tinue zealous and active, even to fierce ness ; yet this party itself is split into several sections. First, there is the section which, though willing to he reconciled to, and friendly with, Sir George Gipps, main tains Fixity of Tenure as firmly as ever. This party includes a majority of the Squatters. At its head are the Messrs. Boyd and Mr. Robinson. Secondly, there is the party which joined Messrs. Boyd and Robinson against the Government regulations, and his government generally — who, wc may say, are the personal opponents of his government. On the secession, during the last sittings of the Council, of the Messrs. Boyd and Mr. Robinson from a general opposition to Sir George Gipps, this party stood aloof, denounc ing the Messrs. Boyd and Mr. Robinson as " renegades." This partv has, it appears abandoned Fixity of Tenure, bat oppose the Regulations of April 1, 1844, generally, and tho present Govern ment universally— witness the Levee; at the head of this party stand Messrs' Wentworlh, Windeyer, Lowe, Lang, Dr. Nicholson, and Dr. Bland. But it should be observed, that very lately, Mr. Wentworlh has said, that though he shou!d be contented with the old tenure (occupation for ever, until re moved by a purchaser) lie sees " no harm" in long leases. The Atlas, until Saturday, the 7th instant, belonged to the first party, but on that day it abjured Fixity of Tenure, and joined itself to this section. Wc hardly know where to class Dr. Lang and Dr. Bland, in one respect, for they went to the Levee. The people, an immense majority, re main a third party, looking on, the moil intelligent being against Fixity of Tenure the rest not understanding what it means, nnd not caring what it means. At the head of this party, though now inactive, stands Mr. Hamilton, M. L. C. Its organ is the Australian. The Weekly Register was the firm and un flinching advocate of this great party up Ift tk file TAMimtvAp Ine Li.n ? — . %,,v «i-vw»4«a,i «uaif " lik.ll |k linqutshed the contest, the proprietor retiring into private life. The speech of Mr. A. Boyd at the late dinner given him by hts brother Squatters, reads well. The subject of squatting he understands, and on that subject we agree with him generally, save his crochet of Fixity of Tenure. But it was bad policy of him in alluding to the private virtues of Sir George Gipps, to draw the conclusions lie did. True or false, it will do his cause harm. Sir George has friends both here and at home, who will resent this part of Mr. Boyd's speech, and so far injure the good things he said. There was no oc casion for what hccaid. It contradicted, or at least was not in kccuimr wirh other parts oi his speech in which he alluded to the Governor. It rendered those parts suspicious : it stamped them with a colour of hypocrasy ; and, in short, it became a dark and threatening cloud over what would otherwise have been a cheering, not to say brilliant landscape. We are sorry for the sake of the Squatters themselves and their cause, that personal and parly feeling here broke forth, to mar the general truths which distinguished Mr. Boyd's squattiog delineations. However, our business is with the great burthen of Mr. A. Boyd's song, to wit, " Fixity of Tenure." Docs Mr. Boyd, by Fixity of Tenure, that is, by leases long or short, mean possession nsagainstiin/crj.' If Itcmcan possession by lease against the Crown, Jul not against buyers, wc consider his proposal to be injudicious rather than dangerous. The danger wc have feared, and to ward off which, wc have been contending the last rwelvc months, has not been Fixity of Tenure as against the Cmscn , but Fixity of Tenure as against buyers, whether new comers from Eng land or the native youth. If Mr. Boyd mean Fixity of Tenure as against the Crown only, we have no paramount objection, it being quite ol a different nature to that which wc hold against, Fixity of Tenure as against buiJtri- f lint tin iirAinni grants buying, is a robbery of the people of the Colony, and of the United King dom. Leases as against the Crown, is no robbery, except of the Squatters themselves. It is merely a relinquish ment of their present tenure, which is for ever, in favour of a fixed term of years. Wc regret for tiie sake of the Squatters, aud of squatting as the base of Colonial prosperity, that the Squatters should be such fools as to give up a ten ure for ever, for a tenure on lease ; we regret they should petition that the Lex sum scripta of New South Wales, namely, the use of grass reut free for ever to all who " seize" it, should be relin quished for a term of years, to be coupled with the name of Lease, which signifies its equivalent — rent ; we regret they should thus, as it were, cut their own throats, but still, we cannot but regret this /«r,than that they should be authorised to maim the rights of new comers to the Colony, and of all resi dents now in it, which, if Fixity of Ten ure as against buyers were granted thetn, would be the consequence. But what is there in a lease superior to their present tenure ? Are the Squat ters on their demise considered as no longer owners of their stations in the persons of their heirs und assigns I Can they show an instance in which the widow, heir, heiress, executors, or atl- ministratorsof a deceased Squatter, were ordered by the Government to remove, merely because the husband or parent had departed this life ? Can they shew, that the bailiff or agent even of an absentee Squatter was ordered to remove when tidings reached the 1-ocal Govern ment that his employer had died abroad? Were not the bequests of the will of the demised Squatter, whether resident on his station, in Sydney, or in London, allowed the same force in law, as to his runs or station ; just the same as ifit had been his freehold! And if a man's right to land extend to his heirs and assigns, ancr to rnetr nctrs ana assigns Jor ever, until purchasers make their appearance ; and if even when the purchasers do make their appearance, the Squat ter, his heirs anil assigns, and their heirs and assigns, still have the right of pre-emption, aud can, rather than be deprived of their runs, or any single section or half section thereof, buy it himself: if his right to his station ex tend thus far, will, on lease for twelve or tweuty-one years, provided it be a tenure which cannot hold against buyers, be a better tenure than this? Does Mr. Boyd think, that if Lord Stanley grant leases of twelve or more years, he will no', after all that has been said and printed in this colony, and all that has been written by Sir George Gipps, saddle it with this proviso, that the lease shall hold good only until buyers niako their appearance? Certainly he will. And if so, wc then re-affirm, that an unwritten lease for ever, which is the lease the squatters now hold, is better than a lease on jsarchmcnt for any li mited number of years. This is so clear to us, that wc arc astonished and puzzled by turns, to comprehend that state of the under standing, which can induce Mr. A. Boyd to prefer leases, and Mr, Went worlh to " sec no harm in them," to an unwritten lease for ever. It is mono mania that (vossesscs them ; the squat ting monomania. They will say " Sir George Gipps is the bug- bear that terrifies us ; he is the scare-crow; he is our Cock-lane Ghost ; he will turn us out of our runs, if wc fail in paying ail the imports he is pleased to levy. v c answ er, otr ucorgc vjtpps wilt uo no such tiling. He is accused, indeed, of removing a squatter for killing the blacks, by Commissioner's law. If it be so, wc think an action for intrusion would have been the more pro tier pro cess. Wc never heard of a disposses sion occurring to any squatter, grounded on his not having paid his dues. Wc do not believe it. If a squatter be in arrears, the process of the law is plain. First, a distraint on the live stock and chatties. Thai failing, let the right of the debtor to the station be sold by the Sheriff. The buyer is then put in pos session by constitutional authority. If after the chatties and run have been sold, the proceeds fail short of the debt, tli #» hnlftniv of rnunfi'<«Ul npvff lu« m. covered. The dues on Squatters runs or sta tions arc a lax. If a man in England docs not pay his window-tax, or income- tax, the Tax Commissioner proceeds to recover by means of the common-law process, or by special statutc- lnw. Tha'. law is efficient, or a clause in the Tax Act in question added next Session, will make it so. What is there in the Go vernment and Constitution of New South Wales, that should prevent our Legislature from ordaining a summary process to be used by the Local Go vernment, in collecting the tax or taxes on the squatters, seeing that their nelt proceeds are to be expended in pro tecting the squatters themselves exclu sively ? The more stringent and cheap the process the belter for all parties. Our own opinion is, thai if tline were no wrath between the parties : if Sir Geurf;e Gipps were just entile, anJ had eivrn it" offence, and the Squatters could plead none: and if a Bill were presented tu the Council nest Section, quietly prnposioj; cer tain taxes BR tttO fafJUJklltl III ill C(l|oilT| t tho preamble »eiiin£ forth the cipctlimey of a Squatting Police, the Hill would bo de bated with the tame coo'.not at a Hill fur ! raising an ntf rtihvm duty on foreign nter chaudtftc ; or, the dofav on Colonial distilled 1 ftpiriu. Wo thould hear uolhiftg about I I'i&ifT; of Tenure, treing it italrcad t'ued lor j erer, until the land be U'nht, either br the Squatter himtclf, or tome urw coiner; (a circumttatice occuring to Squatter every dny in Jormtr titnr, isy from the coin mtneemcut to the end of the adminiftratinn of Guvernnr H><urlo ;) ue thould hear nuihing about (he tyraunj of Com/uK- t'uinrrt. In »uch a Bill, the preterit two impost, one on land, the other on stock, might be prnpo»cd and cauraised. In debate, the tat on live slock might, per hap, be converted into one uit wool when shipped a a (cm ctpentive, )c%« irritating, and Altogether a tn>«rc convenient mode of raiting llmiinpoii. Or, it might ho proposed to do away with this tni altogether, and increato that nn the land to such a degree or ratio, as would cover the umouui at present produced by both. The powers of lite Cumtni)ioner would uUulie regulated with equal coolueM, after a committee had taken evidence, and made a report. Juries would be appointed, aud itinerant Courts established. The na tore, number, and par, of the |>Jopoed police, and if superintendent, would be nln debated with equal quietnes. In hurt, iu a Squatting Hill, we sre much !ct in- trimic material fur senatorial e»plo>iim than in a tmuggling or ditillati<(fi Hill' Tlio Government if not interested in »uch a Hill mire titan in utlicr Ihll. The honour of o Governor, hi reputati on, dp- pend on tho peace aud security of men' person and properties «f all c'a cv, utid every where resident. The pmus and pio- perries oi tho Squatter are cf the samo value, in (lie eye of a just got rrnmeni, as those of the dwtlitri in our towns. Ii they like n police, Ul iticm have it, pro- vided it t«e vuihcicHl to ptevrnt the great Squatters from riding over, or trending on, (ho toes of their humbler neighbour. A police to beggarly in numbers and equip incut ns to be uuahlo to prevent Lynch would, oi course, be contemptible. Hut iho Squatters ore allowed by ell men to be an intelligent body, containing a great o pr«,». portion of gentlemen and men of education as, if not greater than, any other clan, i herefurc, it it i llv to vuvpecf, or eipect, <>r nllrge, or act in any wiry, in devising legisla tive measures fur their 'safety uuj due con trol, as though ihty were Un uf gentlemen, Utt iutciligt.it than other classes of the I colony. Krl the Squatters be loyal and con fiding on the one hau l, nnd i !,e local go- vornment paternal and cuufidingon Hie other, let a right spirit prevail on Luth tides, and whenever this shall be tho cast, nn imue difficulty will be fuond in puling a then a publican' or auctioneers' 011. 