TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. LECTURE. Smt,-The columns of your papers of late have been greatly taken np with a pretended expo sition and refutation of the doctrines of the Hloly Catholic Church, tunder the denunciative title oi " Christianity compared with Popery." As ad catholics disclaim the latter railing appellation, we might on this ground alone quietly let the whole descend to the "tomb of all the Capulets without notice; tut lest the "unlearned or no stable" :should deem Mr. Eggleston's statentrat Incapable of refutation, it may do no harl t take a passing notice of some of them. Even it this short time the attack has produced great gooJ to the cause of truth, in having led numbers t enquire for themselves " whether these things tr"1 so," and has created such a demand for " Bish Milner's End of Religious Controversy," that aat tll moment not a copy of this excellent work rem?aiar unsold. The title of these mlsrepresentationl should, I hope, with every right thinkinlg a'JI, at once stamp the unchrlstian temper of the vrit?r " Christlanity compared with Popery I / I" thtl?s once denouncing millions upon millions ofcatholic' in every stage of tile Christian era, as not lbein, Christians. A religion, which at this tile, embraces within its happy fold, one.third of let fellow subjects in Great Britain, and the great majorlty of the rest of the Christian world; and which despite of the cruellest code of laws, which ever were inflicted on any body of men for a con tinuance (some of which yet disgrace the statute book of England, and still find supporters in Mr. Eggleston's sect, and in some few members of both Houses of Parliament) has increased, and is in. creasing, even in the strong holds qf Protestantism. Mr. Eggleston's oft refuited 'statements, will not at this enquiring age, be believed on his mere ipse eixit, even in Van Diemen's Land. The fact known to all, that at the present day, men, most learned, most pious, most exemplary, ministers of the lhurch established by law in England, are daily "leaving all things tofollow Christ," throwing up their thousands per annum, and all their hopes of earthly interest, to embrace the Catholic Faith, is at once a refutation of Mr. Eggleston's statement, and a proof that the rugged bug-bear, he has painted and nicknamed "Popery," and pelted with pickings from the mud.and garbage, whlicl for ages has been flung upon Catholicism by its enemies-is not the Idol for which the high-born, but humble minded Spencer; the learned and dis interested Newman; the pious and eloquent Faber; and their numerous associates have forsakeni the Protestantism which they imbibed with their mother's milk. And strong indeed, must be the faith, and overwhelming the convictions which could compel this noble band, to abandon all their inbred prejudices, and all that men esteem in this world, for the "pearl ofgreat price," and " great,"' says the word of truth, " will be the retward." If Mr. Eggleston had not been content to cull his state nents and quotations out of some of the " Reading made easy" Compilations of Protestant Contro versy; hut sought the information he is so deficient of, in its pure source, he would not have committed so many absurd blunders (for in charity I willtnot accuse him of intentional misrepresentation). To dissect them all in the columns of it newspaper would be endless, and those who are sincerely desirous of being enlightened on the subject, may find in the noble pages of "Milner's End of Religious Controversy," the majority of them ably, and calmly answered. I will, however, select one statement (ex uno disce omnes) as a sample of the whole, by which the general character of Mr. Eggleston's compilation may be tested ; more par ticularly as the works to which I refer, and 'which he could easily have had access to, are such as are in common use among catholics. In speaking oftheCathlolic Sacrament ofExtreme Unction, he states-" It has no design for the restoration of the body. It is not administered until all hopes of recovery are gone." In the catechism of the Council of'Trent, translated by a late Professor 1of Maynooth, the Rev. J. Donovan, now residing in Rome, as one of Pope Gregory the XVI. chaplains, I find in page 300, as follows:-" He (the priest) will earnestly exhort the sick person, to receive this sacrament with the same sentiments of faith whict animated the primitive Christians, who presented themselves to the Apostles to be healed by them. The health of the soul is to be the first object of the sick man's prayers, the second that of the body, should it tend to Iis eternal interests." And in page 303, I find - "Finally,' the recovery 'of health, if advantageous, to' the' sick person, is another effect of this sacrament." Again, I find amongst the prayers used In the administration of this consoling sacrament.--.. "0 Lord God, who hast said by thy apostle James,' Is there,any one sick among you, let him bring in the priests of the Church, and 'let them pray over him, annointing him wit oil in the name 0f the Lord; and the prayer of faith shall save the sick man, and the Lord shall raise him; and f he be in sins they shall be forgiven him;' heal, we beseech thee, 0 our Redeemer, by the grace of the Holy Ghost, the maladies of this sick man, cure his wounds, and forgive him his sins; drive away from him all pains of mind and body, and mercifully restore unto him perfect health both as to the interior and exterior ; that being recovered by thy mercy, he may return to his former duties; who, with the thefather and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth one God, for ever and ever.-Amen. " Look down, we beseech thee, 0 Lord, on thy servant fainting under the infirmity of the body, and refresh a soul which thou hast created; that le, being improved by thy dhastisements, may be saved by thy medicine; through Christ our Lord. -Amen. "0 Holy Lord, Almighty Father, everlasting 'od, who, by imparting the'graoe of thy benedic ion in sick bodies, preservest, according to the multitude of thy mercies, the work of thy hands i -vourably attend to the invocation of thy name, nrd delivering thy servant from his illness and estoring him tohealth, raise him up by thy right and, strengthen him by thy virtue, defend him by ty power, and restore him with all desired pros erlty to thy Holy Church : through Jesus Christ -ar Lord"--Amen. In" Glover on the Sacraments," (a hand- book amongst catholcs) p. 74, I find-" It unlson with these Ideas, we have always been taught, that one of the effects of Extreme Unction is, to restore the "tcemantobodily heallh, if his recovery should be.to his :spiritual advantage. The prayers of the Church express this. In the "Poor Moan's Catechism" it is asked, "What are its (!. e. Extreme Unction) effects?" Answer-" It com forts the soul In her last agony against despair, remits sins, and restores health, if it be expedient." I might multiply quotations without end, from our. books of instruction, for thus all catholics are taught, despite of Mr. Eggleston's assertion to the contrary. Having thus convicted Mr. Eggle= ston of gross ignorance, to say the least of it, on a subject on which he has pretended to teach others, and which he has moreover deliberately committed to paper, and published, or allowed to be published. witl!out amendment; I might at once appeal to all those, who read his statements, whether they may not feel some conselientious doubt, either as to his honesty or capacity as a teacher; and whether the same defects may not fairly be ex pected to pervade the whole compilation. But I will'not confine my charge to Mr. Eggleston, but extend it to the whole of those religions teachers with whom he has acted, before whom he preached, and not one of whom has stepped forward to correct him. If then, these are the gluides to whom that portion of the people of Launceston, &c.;, usually denominated dissenters are to be led, may I not fairly say, In the language of Him. who commanded us" not to bear false witness against our neighbour," " /f the blind lead the blind shall not both Jaolt into the pit." A consummation I devoutly pray may be averted. And that God in his mercy will enlighten their minds, remove from them all the prejndices'of their education, and bring the'm " into theonefold of the one shepherd," the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, is the fervent and humble prayer of an ENoGLIS CATHOLIC. 