FANATICISM IN STROUD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE "CHELTENHAM FREE PRESS." Sir—I cannot adequately express the sensation which is at present felt among the more superstitious and illiterate, and even among those of the higher branches of the inhabitants of Stroud, and the villages contiguous, by the appearance of a soi-disant pro phet, who bids fail* to add another link to the chain of religious impostors. As I always feel a pleasure in denuding the empiric of his mask, and of exposing hypocrisy in her naked deformity to the world, I sought an interview with this impostor. I certainly must candidly confess that my sanguine anticipations were not realized, for I expected from the reports current to have found in the " prophet," a clever, subtle, crafty, deep, designing, extortioner; but, on the contrary, I found in him such consummate ig norance, that a child in leading strings might both have exposed and detected him. It is an anomaly of our day, repugnant to notions formed in accord, ance with the times—this the 19th century, the age of universal refinement, scientific progression and intellectual advancement—that an isolated mass of human beings in this densely populated nation, could be found with so little feeling, so little acuteness of perception, as to allow themselves to be degraded by such a servile yoke of fanaticism and superstition of the most abhorrent nature. It has been justly re marked, why should we appropriate annually so many millions of hard-earned British coin to the civilization of the savage of every diversity of colour, and cli mate, when we have so many thousands of human beings around our own homes in ademi-savage state ? We cannot have a greater demonstration of the ig norance of certain classes of society, especially the lower, than the case before us. Government, with the more intelligent of her subjects, must see the po licy and absolute necessity of taking under her fos tering and maternal care the education of her poorer millions, upon a system of training, embracing no peculiarity of doctrine, and actuated by no sec tarian principles. Having occasion to visit the neighbourhood of Stroud, I called at the prophet's head quarters last Sunday evening, at a small beer house at Swells Hill. Here I found this inspired prodigy in a small outhouse, surrounded by a multitude of invalids— afflicted with paralysis, rheumatism, scrofula, and other ailments to which flesh is heir. He was then about to effect a cure of rheumatism of some years standing in^, poor woman. If I give you the par ticulars of this case, the means resorted to, and the happy results, it will suffice to give you a genera. 1 idea of the prophet and the bulk of his operatione. He, with a mystic air becoming the demeanour «f the quack, placed her in a chair, and after a few pre liminary hums and haws began ejaculating in tne following strain:—" In the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I command thee, pain, to leave this 'ere woman." He tien, upon the conclusion of this emphatic ejaculatioii, in quired if the woman 6till experienced anything of the pain, and in what region of the body, to which the poor half frighted creature replied that she still felt the pain as bad as ever. This appeared to affect the holy man and to raise his choler for he burst out into a loud bawl, " Pain, why didst tiou not leave this here woman's body when I commanded thee in the name of the Father, Son, and HMy Ghost. In the name of Jesus, I command thee begone, and enter this womau's body never no more." The effi cacy of this last address cannot be doubted. The woman rose from her chair, under the impression that the rheumatism had left her, and that she was miraculously cured. I could not then be favoured with the opportunity of a private interview with the propfacT^-on a. Ml ?Slwyirw. .a tailor. • «****? -f?ppa??"ntiy respectable and in good circumstances, and of average information, was waiting for Mr Cousbman (the pro phet) to pay him a visit at his residence, to elucidate some abstruse passage in the prophet Daniel. I j therefore adjourned to the bar of this beer house, where I found many of his patients not only enume rating their ills and expatiating on t:eir happy de liverance from disease and untimely dissolution, but regaling themselves with some of my landlady's stoat. Here I gleaned considerable information re specting this great man. I found from the concur rent testimony of his adhering patients, that this mi raculous gift of healing was bestowed on the prophet, who professionally belonged to the most independent order of snobs, as a reward for thirteen years inces sant prayer, that such a gift might be bestowed upon him. Here I met with a case which, though de plorable, afforded me and my companion much mer riment. There was in the company an Edwin Buckingham, an inhabitant of the place, who is con stitutionally affected, and for these last thirty years has been afflicted with scrofula, so much so, poor fellow, that he is an object of disgust and pity, hav ing lost his nose, and his cheek presenting a mass of putridity. He has, he says, been under many emi nent men, but their skill has been of no avail. He ! has been for 6ome years in the Gloucester Infirmary, I has had various surgical operations performed on I him, and was ultimately ejected as incurable. He has placed himself under the prophet, who by efficacy of prayer and exorcism has healed the abscesses in his hips. So great is this poor fellow's faith in the power of his present physician, that he is under the impression that he has a handsome pair of cheeks in a state of incipient formation, that his nose will be restored to its primitive dignity, and that he shall eventually become as fine a spark as "any m her Majesty's body guard** The poor fellow volunteered his services to go down to Mr Shaylor's, and ask the prophet if it would be convenient for me to see him. Mr Shay, lor and the prophet we found were out, taking a stroll through the fields. Not being willing to be disappointed in my project, I, accompanied by Edwin Buckingham, went to meet him, which I accordingly did, and, after ingratiating myself into his views aud favour by comparing him to the Apostles, as being a simple instrument to bring about great events, had the desired interview at Mr Shaylor's, who appears a proselyte to bis views, and believes in his so-called power of healing. Here I satisfied myself that he was an ignorant im postor. His most remarkable feature is his ex treme ignorance of the Scriptures. This 1 proved in the following manner. In the course of my con versation, I made use of the most ridiculous sen tences, which I palmed off as extracts from Scrip ture. The correctness %f these he acknowledged, as well as the justness of my remarks !!! I have met with many men personating the empiric, but this Mr Coushman is the most ignorant of the ig norant. He is about seventy years of age, stands about five feet eight inches high, bis feature coarse, his head extremely small, especially i« the region set apart by the German school for (be de velopment of intellectual faculties. He nas a very interesting young woman about eighteen travelling with him, under very interesting circumstances so doubt. She asserts that she is possessed of •* etU spirits" who occasionally " throw her on the fire." or ** into the water," and copsequentlj she could not live without the presence of the prophet. The next day I lay in ambush, and felt greatly surprised, nay blushed for the ignorance, thedela- I sion, and blind fanaticism, of this so-called " in tellectual age/ to tee such, a vast herd—such a miscellaneous multitude of human beings, .resort ing from all parts of the neighbourhood to this ig noramus for physical energy and relief. He pro fesses to make no charge, yet he is making a rich harvest out of the hard earnings of the peasantry, and those labounrs connected with the manufac turers through an indirect medium. I hope that this imperfect letter will be the effectual means, by giving it insertion in your valuable paper, of driving this incpostor from our neighbourhood, and of convincing n*any influential parties of their error, and how inimical and contagious is their ex ample to the lower orders in sanctioning his {the proplieCs) imposition, with impnnity, and in giving their assent to his self-arrogated divine authority and power. Ppblicus. 