Z>oo&l; Intelligence. A \\\ irr.. — Yesterday a woman named Snrolt Curtis, with a child in her arms, was placed at the bar of lite Police, office charged with drunkenness. The husband of the wuman caiue forward and said, that b did not know what to do with his wife, alio spent etery rap alio could get in drink; tnnde away with every article of property he possessed, and would also draw funrteen or fifteen pounds of meal from the butcher to sell, to satisfy her erasing for liquor ; she also deserted her children and visited dis orderly houses. His Worship the Mayor told the woman she was a disgrace to ber ses, and if she were brought up again upon a similar charge, he would deal with her as an idle and disorderly person, and send ber to gaol for three or four months- For her present oUonce she would pay fise shillings! or be impruoood for t»cntf»lour hoars. A Suspicious CiunAcrnu. — On Wcdnetdtj night the conitftble»,£ui»i their rouuai nuaut ono u clock, taw a tuau lurking about a store at the enter «f Utile Flin- der ana Qucen-ttrcnit ; upon pcrcriwug them he made off. At half- pest two o'clock, passing the same spot, they again observed tire same man in a similar position, and succeeded in capturing him. He said his name was Bruce, and that he lived at Brown's lodging-house ; they took him there and knocked up the inmates, who denied that bo was a lodger, although lie lied called there upon one or two occasions. Upon being taken to the sratcn-house, he then staled his name to be James Shields. The Mayor celled upim him to account for himself. Shields said be bad been a short timo in town, and was a highly respectable cha racter, but unfortunately he could not state where he had been residing. Ttia .Mayor aetd, that he would suppress, if possible, the system of prowling about the streets at night, which had become, of late, exceed- j"gly preraletit, and srmencod Shields to ba iintnisoned for six weeks as on idle and dis orderly person. Shields politely requested that hit Worship would nut he quite so fast, he wet a respectable man. The Mayor exid, he would give him every opportunity Ofjrroving who end what he was, end re quired of him to stale his place of residence for the last three days; Shields stood mute, and was taken away, 1 Tiie M.tsrtii and Servants' Act. — Yesterday, a inau named Patrick Cum- mings, appeared before the I'olico Bench and preferred a chargo against Capt. Ardlie, of the Mooneo I'.mds, under the following circumstances :—Cuui mings said, that at Christmas last he got a decree for wages agatMst Capt. Ardlie, and last week h« ap plied for prrmission to come to town to ob tain the money; this was refused; notwith standing he came to town ar.d was detained two days lit lure the money wti paid intolhe I'olico office. Upon his return to the sta tion, Captain Ardlie disrharged him; he applied tu bins lor a written discharge, and his wages, 3 9i., which he refused. The defence was. that the man had came to town against the order of hit matter. The bench wrre of opinion there was nothing un reasonable io the man's coining to town to obtain the amount ol the decree riven ... I.i. favor, and if he were detained two days.that arose from Capt. Ardlie's not bating paid the amount into court. The deeisim, of the court was, that the £3 9s., wages, be al- lowed- that Captain Ardlie pay the costs, and be fined one pound for refusing to give t ie man a written discharge. Subsequently l be man received a written discharge from the bench under the adjudication. Landed Property.— Quoin Hall estate, Campbell Town, comprising 7.COJ acres of Mine of the best laud in the colony, with a tirst-rate residence, and cmircoiriit farm aod other buildings erected thereon, £\' ;old 10 Mr" W- T. Clarke, fur £0,o00. -Launcaton Adnrtixr, F«b. I'd, Rr.rusiNo a Written Dtxi-iiaiu;r. C'aptaia John XI., tm Arl!., 1> | ' c'atiog te g'u e bn lured reresr.t slrwk Cumiags, a written dncharge, uh.eb oemtndcj at th« tims liii icrvjcf were itu peered With. This it the first eJju Jicsiiou ol ti.e kiaduadtrthe Mstierseod Servants' Act, toj f'f operate as a warning In osbere. TtiC || could hsvc raised the penalty tn £5. Tub Drain. — It is gratifying to obs serve that the " ribs and trucks" ol tint stand- ing monument of corporation folly, " The Drain," hsvo not been converted into fire wood ss nntiei- psted ; portions of it have been already applied to the fenciog in ol sundry allotments ol vacant ground in the town, a rourie thai looks mali cious, as unpleasant r. mincrcrnos must, of neces- aity arise, like the ghost ol Ilsnquo, to sesr lite eye-balls ol the projectors of this noisblc schema ts they pass these relics of their folly. It bis been suggested, that snuff botes should be made out ol some of the ports, to bo dis.ributed generally among the corporation, which might be Inn Jed down in their families at heir looms ; that idea has been since ebeodooed. Expedition. — On Wednesday night Mr. Mortimer, of the " Crown Inn," l-nntdsie- street, arrived in Mclbrurnr, per Hunrork, from Launccfton, having paid a visit to Hobart Town, and returned within the unparalleled short period ol rrien days. The Postsiaster. — We nre informed that our Pustmsstcr, Mr. Kemp, at pre-cot ab sent iu Eogland oo leave of absence lor fifteen moolbs. hai obtained en extension of that time front the I'ort Office authorities at heme, lor a further period of aia months. Important. — Parties sending news- pipers to tbeir Irieods at bomt, should bear iq mind, that unless the envelope be endorsed " per mail ship," postage will be charged ei borne ; it io endorsed, the papers will be forwarded ta Sydney, tod despatched per monthly mail snip, and delivered tree of pot tare. v New Zealand.— -Since the cessation of hostibtier in New Zealand, there is e projpect of (bit eolooy going heed. A goo I opportunity oow offer to proceed to the Hay of Islsoda and Auckland, by the Kami, which bai been laid oo for those porta, A Poser. — Yesterday during the proceedings in e case of a elstm of wsg-s, before the Mayor's Court, a lettrr written lrom tbe de fendant to tbe plaintiff was put in. from which tbe following passage was res, I.—" The news, pipers have beets saying e good deal respecting the case of Jackson aod Coosen and Adsms aa I Suuon ; all I can ssy Is, ibst the magistrates who would arrive st tuch conclusions, err not proper prrwei U ht imlniUtd trftA the adaiaiura. lion of Justice /' Tbe beech Were regularly nonplused, end bis Worship tbe Mtyor looked upon it es sceutfafun negMadna, tod tbougbt it would be letUr tbst tha butioeu part ol tbo letter oaly should be read. Fee tor Swearing Affidavit.— A question b«s been open for decision for some ttroe, whether tbe I'uundkcepcn. for making an affidavit at to tbe cattle sold by them st auction, were liable to jtey fee of one shilling. A letter has been received by the police bcocb lrom the cuperiotcoJent, in which ble Honor states tbe opinion at tbe Crown Law Officers to be, tbai tbe fee should be paid by tbe I'oundkeeper. Address trom the Solicitors. — An adJttsi is in tbe counre ef signature by the Soli- eitora of tbe Sopreme Court, to be ptereoied to tbe Honorable iloger I berry, late Resident Judge, prior to bis departure lor Sydney. Adjourned Inquest. — Yesterday, the adjourned iuquest upon the body of Martin Quin was resumed, at the "Caledonion Hotel," beforle W.B Wilmot Esq., Coroner ; after the examination of several witnesses, the followiog verdict was returned—" That Martin Quin was found dead about fifty yards from the main road leading to tte River Plenty, and it is the opinion ol the jurors, that the said Martin Quin was thrown from his horse, and dragged by said horse along the ground, whereby he sustained so severe an injury that he shortly afterwards ex- pired." Caution to the Generous.— It would be well for the renter, tl betora be ellowe any party who m.y be out of eniploymcot, t„ reside with bun as a friend, upon li s suuon, to ba»e a written documtot stitioj out the re'ative position ol the parties, as the loilosain< case, which eame on lor slccisinn before the Major's Court m- lerday s'early.liaw If. J/. C.icsr.u v. UotU, XI r. J.Mrphen aatd he appeared lor the plaiottlT, who bad been on e vim t„ the defendant lor two or three yrars, and fin ling hit rers iocs talusbfe a'ter he bad been there for tome rime, the defendant requested him to remain. No specific rrevment had been entettd into, but be went upon the prin ciple of fuaaiaat wrratT Hs should be able to prove that the defendant had been eaploted upon use station breaking in horses, repairing fences, and even mental employments, cleaoing defen dants boots, cooking. and cleaning out tbs but. Mr. Couseot staled, that be went to Mr. Bstbe'i about Juo08I3, and remained until 30ib No- vcatber, 1845, when ba told defendant be abeuld leave! defeodaat bid told him repeatedly dut ba did not want bis services lor aetbing; bod re- netted from deien lsol £ 4 ; wis allowed to break in horsea for the neighbours, lor which be was bodr, clean harness, ic., as be required him to ii It. f u w" i«Jv«d from Mr. llttbe a lew shillings, which were not charred s. "as soperioundent, but neter hired or discharged men ; never attempted to tomato .ay settlement with dcfeoJ.ot, «o- entered htm a gcatlemao aod left it to hit own generosity. The hlayor said, that he tod his rojutoroonthe Ueneb were ol opinion, that Cm plttflufft o»o ihowlof tbo rrlotion of master nod scrvsnt, did not eai.t between him m l . - , ' L:' t'iJrore had not est.. it and, therefore, f ey had not jurisdic- Una ; tl plaintiff had any ciaiin. he must seek bis redress in soother court. Mr. S. Stephen who appeared for the Jefeodant, applieJ for coats- they had been put to cootiJrr.tlc 1 1 pen re io de fending the case, and hs J Lrc u , t up three witnesses tram Wests ra I'ort. ai l l.,| t|.c baarJ tbeir tettimoovrhey would hate been as. lotmhed suhe pia.ot.tT c.cr hssing made such a Claim. Tha Bench would not dec, leas to coait utsul they hid con.ulrej the Cr .-n IWcutnr. Sularqueutly tbe Mayor c.,.,.oa!J Mgt.cn ta the care. Tbe abase care is wrallal 0rsJIUV,,O'l,r' ""3 ,K< "b'-bJ to obtain 179 front Mr 1 1. her, of the fiolbourn, uufcr pre cisely similar ci/cutuiuores ; on J it is to U bored Wll a;t is a salutary wara., tothose " cool »». mart tans who sfLrd ' bs.M an I loj.ing" gratis to souag mm "(n the WuIIjm " Tract a it i a nism p. i'm i:m xionry. —-1 ha church wardens of llrlstoti. in tha Jioeeso of Kseler. have addrasst-l a |cp,r to the Treses, romplatning that Mr lllotu, the tnmisitr of she church, still continues the t:ir,os«t:-;g practices "bless hale occasioned loch acaodal iq the pariib. la the r outm cf it thrj cue the b'.'omng in. ateurc cl ni.mectairr tuiolt cff.r; I to the aocieut and loyal U!y ol ITvctt.ai ::s. It ,l„ ,\tl body " had detertu-.be J to tolj iln.r aaniicrsary meeting iq tLas toon, and, as musl. the I'.tj". chaplain would I ticc jrcuhil a iuc, = q to h s brethren, tr.any of whom i r. t !c-„- i I:.' !, taJtheir meetings wculJ thus Iiasc Lreq sia.-i.r.i.l by the rers ices of the church. On a; phest. -q to Mrs llluotfor penusssiou to use the church, tbst etu- tlcinsu rc'cife I the tatllir t s the lEihop, and a decided aod hiu-hiy icluiul wis gtirn. lire ressqq alleged beto£, tbst ne ther the chinch tior his lordship know ol i orh a bill- as ti.e ITsetoiw.s nsiKta-s to c..r J.y Voir » '-CIV i i'li ol /(.-II wrt >1 id, , f \\-..r , t.ur.-', ; j "''tn'il Jlcstrr .7 lin Mf.'. aVh!.i,.— J h'. 1,1 S foyer. a War at. — We have just heard that tire wheat last scut hi .Mi.Asktu Morrison, tc Loudon, netted £! t 3s. I, r 3 1 quarters — iho not 111 craze brine J'' lis r'.i.l tingle qunrttr, or 5i. '.IJd. per Lusbcl.— II. T. Courier, Feb, H. 