STATE OF POLITICS IN ENGLAND. The Times, at this critical juncture, sustains its reputation for being first to announce " great facts it assures the public that Sir Robert Peel, with the concurrence of his Cabinet, is to call Parliament early in January, in order to repeal the Corn- laws. The leading Journal deserves to have the satisfaction of making this announcement, since np journal has, of late so effec tively advocated the cause of free trade. The fact to which it refers cannot of course be authoritatively known ; but if there can be no positive confirmation, there is no clear contradiction, and we may assume the statement to be in the main something like what has been contemplated. Better news never broke upon the country ; for the measure promised involves far more than corn, or even relief under the pressure of impending death. With many, Lord John Russell's letter will obtain the credit of having brought the Minister to this critical point. It may have contributed to that result, but we think not solely. It undoubtedly removed one troublesome obstacle from the path of the Tariff- reformer— the fixed-duty figment ; a shadow in itself, but one which kept up a semblance of Conservatism on the Whig leader's part that Would have deterred many a timid Con servative, even of Sir Robert Peel's own section, from going beyond, in sheer repugnance to be balled " Whig and some thing more." It was a thing never to be realized, but of in fluence to hinder tjse realising of something better. On the other hand, if the Minister were a dishonest or still doubting Free-trader, such a letter might have done positive harm. It was, in spite of its disclaimers, a distinctly party move ; its factious retrospective allusions were internal evidence of that fact; and it was at" once hailed as a party monoeuvre — the Uitra- Whig Metropolitan Journal called it " a shot betwixt wind and water" at the tottering Ministry. It might naturally, therefore, have provoked a counter-movement of an equally factious character : and spit would have done if Sir Rohert Peel were a mere party man, — which he is not, whatever may have beert the deeply-instilled habits of his early official life. If he were favorable; to the measure, but timid, such a sally might have alarmed him as a party-leader, and have induced him to abandon his enterprise in order to fall back upon his threatened standard. Again, were he greatly advese to repeal, it would have served him in rallying bis party, consolidated by fear, to resist aggression : and the repeal would have been thrown over for another session, if not, after a desperate struggle in the constituencies, for another Parliament. Or, if none of those motives weighed with the Premier himself, it might have broken up his Cabinet; and the man most capable of giving effec- to the measure would be driven from power. In such case there must have been another Government : and -two changes of that kind will occur to every one. Sir Robert Peel and his immediate supporters in the mea sure might retire, leaving the dissidents of the » abinet, if there be such, in power. Rumours of such disseut hove floated abroad and have even reached Vienna. However worthless they may be, men will speculate on rumours when there is nothing else to argue from. Suppose, then, that the Duke of Wellington had essayed to form a Cabinet, adverse to the Pre mier's policy, perhaps not in ( orn-law repeal alone— that there had been received a veritable Tory Government, such as would delight the Ultra-Protectionists of England and the Orange men of Iteland. Such a Cabinet must of course not merely suffer but assert protective policy in Ireland : that is to say, it would rekindle all Reform agitation, political as well as com mercial, in England ; and drive Ireland into a rebellion enjoy- joying a large sympathy in England. Imagine the tumult out of doors, the violent add inflammatory delates In Parliament, disturbing all the functions of government, distracting all com mercial enterprise, and implicating the Crown itself, by its Mi nisters—for of course the Crown for a time at least would sup port its Ministers— in a troublous if not hazardous civil contest. How could such a Cabinet, so engaged, conduct the difficult foreign questions of the day,— doubly difficult for every Go vernment known to be embarrassed ? But that iinot all : the Government would have to act not only in the reeth of the moderate Conservatives, not only without Sir Robert Peel, but with his sanction manifestly refused— under his protest. It would not be the old Tory party returned to power, but the Tory party mutilated by the defection, more or less marked, of the new Conservatives. Never would the Tory party have shown itself so shrunken and helpless as in this kind of brief post mortem revisitation of the world. It would, moreover, have to act without a leader of the House of Commons ; subtract from the Commoners of the Right-hand party the one chief statesman, and there is not a man among them, however able as an official, that could stand against the Whig leaders in the warfare of the House. Some reminiscences of past power, some inward sense of still surviving personal energies, might possi bly embolden the rash spirits amdngthe present Ministerialists; but the shrewd practical common sense of the aged Duke belies the rumour as applied to him — as a man of the world, he must know better. It is in fact an idle dream. There is then the alternative choice. The Queen might have " sent for"— not Lord Melbourne, who, to judge from his speech at Fishmongers' Hall, would hardly accept office— but Lord John Russell ; and we should have exchanged, front the statesman who performed to the istatesman who promises— from the man who agrees with Cobden "in the abstract," yet. delays in practice from lingering habits of party (which do not prevail) and some over-caution, to the man who neglects to, prove his sincerity by doing things which he can, but only offers at the deed to be in the fashion, and drops his tasks rather than soil his gloves in a manful struggle at the last. The best comment on Lord John Russell's fitness for the office as a Free-trader is afforded by the Whig Mr. Cayley, in his lionest . petition for mercy to the condemned Corn-laws : he wishes his " dear Lord John" back in office, in order that Corn-law repeal, as pro posed by him, may be frustrated by Opposition. That is it : Lord John is an excellent Minister to introduce "good measures" " for rejection." His reputation on that head, indeed, is too recent : his party have no hope, almost no wish, to return to Downing-street merely to go out again. They are nort so fond offering themselves, good men as they are, " for rejection." But that would be inevitable. The Whigs, as a party of candidates for place, have no hold on the country. In office they frittered away the confidence bestowed upon them in the heat of the Reform excitement ; and since their extru sion, whatever they have talked about, they have done nothing to regain that lost confidence. But without the country at their back, how could they overcome the passive resistance of the House of Lords ? They would merely break up in the attempt. Lord John Russell has the advantage of an apparent start in declaring for repeal of the Corn-laws. He has not of late en joyed such an advantage, even apparently. When we have seen the course of the two men, practically, Sir Robert Peel has had the start. At present be. it observed, Lord John, out of office, irresponsible, untrammelled by etiquette, was in a posi tion to make a declaration : the other, whatever his views, was not so. But the same things that brought Lord John to the level of the Premier on the subject of a fixed duty must have told also on Sir Robert's mind. He is not the one of all men in the country to be least aware of the singular combination of circumstances which make this imperatively the fittest of all times for effecting the change ; he cannot be the one alone to ignore the doubt (at least) respecting the supply of food for the interval between the next harvest— the rapidly- spreading dis like to the Corn-laws— the dubiety which has sapped the agri cultural confidence in tliem. Our correspondent in Surrey, who knows so much and writes so well on farming, tells us that he finds the farmers growing reconciled to tree trade in corn, and only demanding in return free trade in everything else and re lease from special burdens. We see at the Taunton agricul- tuaal dinner how even the farmers who cheered Mr. Miles, and hissed the trimmers between Protection and Free Trade, cheered the outspoken Mr. Bickham Escott. Certainty is what they want. Town and country are all ago g with expectancy. Sir Robert Peel alone cannot be shut out from knowing these things ; nor from knowing that he is pointed at as the man who can effect the change with most facility and with least distur bance to alarmed "interests." It needed no ghost, even of a .Whig Cabinet, to tell him those things. Does any sincere Free-trader believe . that if the Minister give free scope to his convictions, he will, when it comes to the point, be unable to reconcile, with scarcely an exception, all parties to the measure ? If it will diaai point some hopes, it will more signally dispel many fears. " Cheap bread," either in the puffing sense of tlip.tertn fri the mouth of canting Free traders, or in the alarmist sense, it will not give. It cannot let in a sudden flood of corn to gorge the stomachs of paupers or swamp the home market ; simply because the grain to do this does not exist — is ungrowri. Some help, however, it will give ; and also, for the future, some of that hope which is the most potent cordial in tribulation. Meanwhile, the question unsettled keeps commerce in a fever ; and it is all charged against the Corn-laws and cognate restric tions : are traders in trouble, tliey expect all they need from Corn-law repeal, as the affiicted always expect perfect cure from any untried nostrum ; they do not put forth their proper ener gies, to cope with present difficulty, because they trust in the windfall of free trade; even grave merchants neglect their legitimate business to gamble in associations and Leagues, hoping to recover the profits of trade through popular agitation ! A more unnatural state of things cannot be imagined. Deficient crops and railway gambling begin to fructify in their inevitable consequences. The " short time," not of voluntary ease, but of embarrassed trade, has begun here «nd there in the factory districts; and the "gloom" of a troublous writer sets in. Such a state of things is sure to be imputed more or less to the Minister ; and what statesman would en counter the responsibility of that crisis, while resisting the only means of relief in which the public place any faith ? The exclusive commercial policy of which the Corn-laws are the crowning sign, is the opprobrium of our foreign relatious. It hampers us with America, now at this instant time. See what Mr. Webster says of it : it. makes him, our friend, advo-' cate a hostile tariff." We feel it in the Oregon dispute ; re peal the Corn-laws, and we become customers to our chief antagonists in that quarter, the Western States; and when did a dealer ever fight with his customer ? At home, it keeps our political world in a needless ferment, all about a thing that is as good as settled and might be brushed aside : while real work to be done, such as the pacification of Ireland, in what way soever, cannot be attended to : those who should be agreeing upon plans to vindicate the law and strengthen the dawning spirit of improvement in that wretched land, are chaffering over the empty question, whether they shall lay the ghost of the Corn-laws and pay the fanera) expenses, or not ; while a distracted country is left to the government of mercenary Repeal officers and honester Ribandmen. Thus the incidents of the question, more important than the question itself, are peace or war at home and abroad. If the Premier really has determined upon the step ascribed to him, these and many other cogent reasons lie ready to his hand. Used by him, they would acquire double force : the very bold ness of his advance would disarm much opposition ; his success would be its own readiest justification with the many; and he would be written down in history as the Free Trade Minister. History will also record another trait of his administration : his present policy, carped at as "inconsistent" by those who limit their view to party etiquettes, is really a thorough nulli fication of party — faction was never so completely placed in abeyance as it is now ; and faction has been the greatest of all impediments to national progress, because it bas perverted to the uses of the few that machinery, the Executve Government, which professes to have been instituted for the service of the many. In the lull of party strife, we might hope to enjoy some foretaste of the patriot's dream—harmonious national councils. 