GERMANY : THIRD CENTENARY OF LUTHER'S DEATH-DAY. 'From tlie London, Spectator.) -'Extensive, preparations are on foot in many parts of Germany to celebrate the three-hundreth anniversary of the death of Luther. In most other cases a sense of incongruity would be excited by the idea of commemorating, even after the lapse of three hundred years; a man's death day with, triumphs and' festivities. But with regard to Luther there is nothing out of joint in such a proposal. His vo cation was religious ; he was eminently and exclusively a religious reformer. The future world was the point on which all his thoughts ultimately concentrated; this world was to him but a scene of stormy and troublous preparation for it ; the tendency of men's actions to prepare for them a happy or wretched futurity was the test by which he decided whether they were right or wrong— the motive he held out to do or desist. With a strong healthy relish for the innocent pleasures of this world, he regarded them as mo mentary enjoyments to be caught if they came in a man's way, and dismissed without regret when they made motion to take wing again. His body was here, his spirit in the future. His death-day was welcome for the surcease it brought from the vexations of a tempestuous contro versial existence : it was welcomed by him as a great gain ; and it is to be cele brated in anything but a melancholy mood by all who sympathize with him. And what have the three hundred years, that on' the 18th of February will have passed away since that good and faithful servant rested trom his labours, done for his native land ? Luther was the apostle of common sense. Common sense in him triumphed less over the superstitions of his age than his own conservative in clinations. Everywhere inquiry was active : the playful scepticism of Erasmus, not surpassed in elegance and subtilty by that of Voltaire — Von Hutten's impetuous indignation at the dulness of conventional pendantry — the deep and exact thought of Melanchton — all were sapping the but tresses of error. But it was Luther's innate love of truth for itself, and the tact which enabled him, without the learning or genius of his great contemporaries, to hold by instinct the just middle way between Popery and Anabaptism, that made their abstract opinions a practical creed. With such men to pioneer him, and sanction his acts by their approbation and fellowship, no preternatural heroism was required to enable Luther to break the bonds of conventional opinion, but the struggle against his own ardent veneration for established authority — his own pro found convictions of the importance of discipline and subordination — was terrible. It was the strength acquired by the throes and wrestling of this internal struggle that lent such power to his words when he was compelled by the spirit within him stronger than himself to stand up against Pope and Emperor. And it was this power that enabled him to infuse as by contagion into the masses of Europe some thing of the same instinctive sense of what is just and, true that animated and guided himself. Luther created that mode of thought and feeling which is the public opinion of modern Europe. Eng land had its Wickliffe, Bohemia its Huss, other lands men of more or less note akin to them in spirit, who prepared his way. But Luther it was who gave a new prac tical creed to Europe— was the founder of that Catholic Protestant church in which Calvin and Zuinglius are mere sectional leaders. The European mind has been healthier ever since Luther's spirit was infused into it. But while Roman Catholic France participates largely in the benefit, Protestant Germany seems yet untouched by it. Almost tlie whole intellect of the Prussian Government is engaged in the investigation of rumours of a conspiracy as wild as the fictions of Hoffman or the writers of middle-age romances. During the thirty years which have elapsed since the pacification of Europe, scarcely one has gone past without its commission to in quire into some such nightmare revela tions : and the Prussian Ministers have yet to learn, that these tales for gossips round their winter stoves are engendered between the indiscreet words of romance reading boys and the mercenary ex aggerations of hired delators. In ex quisite harmony with this gobemoucherie is the interview of the King of Prussia with the Polish soldier who brought him a confidential message from a ghost. Old Jahn has been premature with the centenary celebration which he hat recommended for 1847 as a pendant to the Lutheran jubilee of 1846. He proposes that on the 1st of May, (in German tales of diablerie the spring-assizes of Satan, as in those of Scotland Halloween is con sidered the autumnal) next year, a solemn festival should be held on the Blocksberg to commemorate the hundred years which have elapsed since the last witch was burnt in Germany. Our German friends must, to all appearance, wait another hundred years before the Prince of the Powers of the Air is exorcised either from their literature or their politics. ' Relief of the Poor.-^-A project for the improvement of 'the condition of the industrious poor who have been expelled from the crowded localities of the metro polis has been set on foot, and it seems to be one of fair pretensions and promise. ' The plan proposed is to build villages in the surrounding neighbourhood of the me tropolis, sufficiently distant to ejisure a ipure atmosphere and healthy soil, in which dwellings may be erected at a moderate price, yet so connected with the metropolis by distinct lines of railway,, and stations to each, as to. leave no portions of London more than a mile distant from some one station thus bringing the daily place of occupation of ther working classes within ttenimiriutes''. distance of their, residecne, and enabling them to resort to the one and :the other with the same order and facility as' though still inhabiting the precints of tlie great city I itself. ', , It is added, that each village, should contain about, 5000 cottage residences^ covering 500 acres of land; and that, taking the probable average of the inhabitants of each cottage at 7 in 'number, it will give to each village 35,0s00 inhabitants, making the total population, supposing the ten villages to be in course of time erected, of 350,000 removed from the dens of the metropolis. It is calculated to 'erect ten cottages to an acre, which built in pairs, will give to each residence a good garden, will secure perfect ventilation, and incite the occu pant to industry, regularity, and neatness. — Morning Post. 