LATEST EROM ENGLAND. BT an arrival from Singapore we have London papers to the 24tb June. The Corn Bill was expected to be read a third time in the House of Lords on the 25ih, Sir Robert. Peel's retirement, from office wan prognosticated ; but locking to the steadiness of the funds we are inclined to regard the bre king up of the only ministry that could steer a safe course, among rnd with opposing parties, as rather problematical. The following are the most interesting items :—• Without doing anything to excite warlika apprehensions, her Majesty's Government are taking measures which will have the effect of placing this country in a position to maintain its claims to such portions of the Oregon territory as fairly and properly may be considered ours, whether the disputed boundary is to be determined by ourselves or by reference to some frien.ily power. Ihe corps in North America are being strengthened. Several regiments are ordered from the West Indies to Canada to be replaced by others from the Mediterranean. The Crocodile, 2G, takes out detachments of artillery and engineers via Labrador and Hudson's Straits to Fort York, wh-.re they will land with a small armament of lo*ht pieces of ordnance consisting of G 6-counder guns, 6 3-pounders, 8 4 2-5 howitzers, and S 4 2-5 mortars, which are to be forwarded up the Nelson river to the various forts of the Hudson's Ray Company in the ftorth-west territory, there to await the event of hostilities. The Belleisle is to embark 300 men of the 6th Regiment ->t Cork for conveyance to Canada, unt'er Major Crofton Each ra«n carrying a weight of necessaries "qual to 94!bs»., will immediately on arrival at Montreal proceed to Hudson's Bay, up the great river Ottawa in north-west canoes, and then by land and water to the Nelson River, There are other ^ar Ike preparation? ^aid to be ii progress, with re~ spect to which ii would be premature to give particulars, as nothing very precise is at present known. The squadron of Evolution which is expected at Cork, is doubtless held ready for any emergency ; and as the French government have determined to send ships to the Gulf oi* Mexico, it is not impossible that our fleet may proceed to the same quarter.—Lonion Mail. An unfavourable change has taken place *n ihe health of Sir G. Murray, the Master-Gen< ral of the Ordnance, by the rupture of a bbodves^el and the most serious apprehensions are entertainad. A warrant has been just issued by the Secretary at War, which curtails the prescribed period for which soldiers are to serve. Men may now enlist for 7, 10, 12, 14, 16, or 21 vears. It i« contemplated to establish a militarr denot in Birmingham, at which 10.000 men shall be stationed, by which arrangement it will be practicable to pour troops into the manufacturing raining, and pottery district?, or to the eastern or western coast, in three hours. Weedon will be maintained as a deposit for the ordnance. ROYAL ARTILLERY—Lieut.-Col. Andrews is to command at New Sou h Waies, Major Hope's company, and Capt. Turner with the remainder of his company proceeds to Australia : M 3 jor Anderson's company embark for liong Kong. Capt. Blackwood's company, together with 1 sergeant 1 corporal, and 10 privates Koyal Sappers and Miners embark in H. M's ship Crocodile, and proceed direct to Hudson's B*y via Labrador-and Hudson's Straits to Fort York, situated at the mouth of the Nelson River. This fort belongs to the North-West Company, and it is the nearest sea-port on the Atlantic side of the North American Continent, to the Oregon territory. This company have a regular chain of stations for trade along the line of the Nelson River, crossing the great lake Otnnipeg and Rocky Mountain,! into the O egon country, and to the Columbia Hiver. The distance from Fort York, in Hud son's Bay. to the mouth of the Columbia,, in the North Pacific ie only about 1.350 miles; but tfce circuitous route the traders take, to have the \ advantage of waier carriage by following the c u se of rivers and lak*s, makes the journey nearly double the distance. The men have been s instructed Woolwich in the mode of carrying the light 6 pounder guns, four and two 4th inch howitzer, and 5§ioch tnortar, which they are to sake with them to the Hudson's Bay Company's a tenuory. The guns are to be carried on the s shoulders of S or lo* inen, to each g«in, according to their weight, or the difficulties of the ground and when possible will b e drawn upon two wheels, with a very short axle. John Stephen Hampton Esq., S.irseon in the Navy, to be Comtroller-General of Convie s for the island of Van Diemsn's Land. Sir Moses Mont^fiore has obtained permission from the Emperor of Russia, for the migration of 19,000 Jews into Palestine. The Borneo Mission has been taken up by the Archbishop of Canterbury and the B : sliop of London, and between £2,000 and £3.000 have already been subscribed for a c'lurch, wiiicii it is proposed shall he erected at berewak. MONEY MARKET.—Consols for the opening are done at 95^. The political news from America and Mexico has not had anv sensible effect on public securities. Should the Whigs succ e«i to o*F CP, their system of financial blunders is not 5-et forgotten, and the Government securities are not likely to rally under their auspices. Exchequer Bills are at the low rate ot S to 12.— Monthly Times, June 24. THE CORN BILL.-—The third reading cannot come off befora the 2oth ; but ifs suecess, judging from past divisions and a deciarai ion froui Lord Stanley, is assured. On the 11th instant, it was moved, that the house do go into committee on the bill, when Earl Stanhope proposed an amendment, that it be read thai day six months. His Lordship's argument was, that the new law was needSiess, seeing that there was now no prospect of a famine in Ireland, whatever there might have been when Sir Robert ' Pee! first brought forward the measure. Lord Stanhope reprobofed the conduct of the Premier in dissoiv. ing the party which had been for ten y^ars in course of construction, and predicted utter ruin to the tcnajit farmers of England by the abolition of protection. The chief supporters of Earl Stanhope's amendment were Lords Essex, Radnor, Colchester, and Wick low, and the Huke cf Buckingham ; but they could make nothing of the case, and the noble Lord therefor.-- wiihdrew his motion. On the I6th instant, the house went into committee, the Dake o» Buckingham moving an amend met! t to the effect of perpetua?i«ir the new sliding scale, hy omiting the ;:r...'vi-io..: the bill which terminates Protection jit. S'IP en-1 cS three\«irs. T:;e amendment was reveled bv a majority of thirty-three, 136 voting gainst 103. The next day the Earl of Wtcklow introduced an amendment, providing a fixed du-y of five *hillings OIL foreign wheat. Kis L*rdsh;;> urged that a fixed duty irould not enhanee the pr?ce of corn, but yet afford a source of indirect, taxation equivalent to one-half the income tax. He fur *iier contended that the new Corn Bill r.ited ti e Agricultural community, who were not to b^ offended with impunity; and risked the attachment of the Canadas, which would be a ri^'it arm of our strength in the event of a war with the United States. Lord Stanley upheM the amendment; Lords Brougham, Gey. L'sdsdov.ne, Clanricarde, &e.;, opposed it. 0;» a div siou the amendment was lost by a majority of one hundred and fo"t? against one humlr-d :i-td sev«n. This was the last efforr of the Lords ; for on Friday last, though the Duke of Richmond moved a third amendment, it was not put to the test of a division, and the bill was reported. On Monday night, when the Customs Duties ut:d«r discussion, Lord Stanley intimated, in supporting the motion, that it was not the intention of the friends cf agriculture to give their Lordships any further trouble, in the way of discussion or dinners, wirh reference to the Corn 8i!L He would merely entf-r a protest against it at the third reading — Ibid, CIIOLEUA.—• Apprehensions are entertained that Rnglaud is again about to b^ vlsire;! by the Asiatic cholera. That it has appeared o.-) the continent is certain, and it is equally beyond a dyuut thit two or three cases Ivive presented themselves in the netghhoui hood of Liverpool. Guverjmi»nt has therefore directed the appointment of n Board of Health, to digest and enforce prec.j'.itio?:ar\ measures against the visitation o the cholera,'' and intermediately the Commissioners of -Sanasorv Inquiry have given their attention to the sn -ject If intense heat at any time favours toe advent of the disease, it certainly has had every encouragement during the whole of the past month.—Ibid. AJIEKICA.—An arrival since our last bring* news of a Declaration of War between the United States and Mexico. This announcement created great excitement in Liverpool. A sin all pmy of Americans had been surprised by ti e Mexican?, when an action ensued, and, according to the accounts, about thirteen of the Americans were killed, some few wounded, and for y six taken prisoners. This has resulted in the American Pre idem issuing a war proclama'ion and special message. War appropriations on a most extensive scale have been made by Congress. Ten millions of dollars were voted, the regular army to have an addition of 7,000 men made to it, and volunteers to be enrolled to an increase net exceedirg 50,000 man.—Monthly limes, June 8. EPSOM RACES.—The E P "OAI meeting commenced on Tuesday, May 26, under the most favorable circumstances as far as weather was concerned. On the first day the Craven Stakes ol 10 sovs. each were won by Mr E. P( t -is Splth.ad; the Woodcote Stakes cf 10 so vs. each, with 100 added by the Lessee of ihe Grand Stand, by Mr E. R. Clarke's Miles"s Boy ; the Manor Stakes, of 5 sovs. each, with 40 added t y the Lord of the Manor, by Sir G. Heathcote's Campanile; and the Horton Stakes of 2 sovs. each with 40 added ty the Lord of the Manor, by Mr She ley's Titbit. On Wednesday, the De by Stakes of 50 sovs.. each, for 3-year olds, 193 suhsenh rs, the owner of the second horse to receive 100 sovs. out of the stake aud the winner to pay 100 towards the police regulations ot rife course, was won by VIr Gully's Pyrrus ihe First. Mr W. Scott s Sir Tatton Sykes being second ; the Carew Stakes of 5 sovs. each, with 30- added, were won by Mr Mostyu's Httman Platoff; the Polsedon Stakes ot 5 sovs. each, with 30 added, by Mr Drewett's Prudence ; and the Burgh Stakes of 5 so vs. each, with 30 added, by Mr Cooper's Caen. On Thursday the Epsom 4-yr.-old Stokes, of 50 sovs. each, were won by Mr Ford's Fuzbob: tbe Durdan's Stakes, of 10 sovs. each, with £0 add d, were wen by Mr T. Dawson's Grimston ; the Grand Stana Plate, of 200 sovs, added to a Handicap Sweeptakes of 10 sovs. each, 26 subscribers, the second to receive £50, and the third save his stake, was won by Mr Merry's Don John, Sir J. Hawley's Alamode being second, and Count Bathvny'a Gannet third; the Cobhum Stakes, of 5 ovs. each, with 30 added, were won by Mr Booth's Tit bit; aud the Walton Stakes, of 3 sovs. each, with 30 added, by Mr Parr's Slipshod. t T o b t o e d On Friday, the Oaks Stakes of 50 sovs. each, 140 subscribers, for 3-yr.-old fillies, the owner of the second to receive 100 sovs out of the stakes, an« ort-ner of the winner to pay 100 sovs. towards ti e police regulations of the. course. w«re won bv M- Guliy's Mendicant. Mr Gratwick'* Laundry Maid being second ; the Derby and Oaks Stokes, of 5 sovs. each with 30 added, 16 subscribers, were won by Mr DriikaJd's FAemi ; and the Members PJ"te, of 50 sovs, by Sir G. Heatheote's br. e. In Velocipede. NEW ZEALAND COMPANY.—The Annual Meeting of the New Zealand Company was held on the 29t h of May. Lord Ingest rip, M.P., Chairman of the Court of Directors, presided. The iepoit read by the Secretary complained of the refasil by Government to legislate for the colony until despatches shall be receive.! from Governor Grey ; and considered it an indefinite postponement, by which a who e year ivili be lost. The subscribed CHptia! of £300,0C0, with a further sum of £300,<>00 received for lands, not an acre, of which has been ob a:n»d, has all been expended. For this great outlay there is no property to show. The Directors therefore, recommended that the enterprise should be abandoned, and that the company should claim compensation from Parliament for the losses sustained in the event of the session's closing without legislative redress. Mr Aglionby, M.P., in moving the adoption of the report, complained bitterlv of the treatment o< N ew Zealand by the Home Government, and thought the Directors are acting wisely in obtaining the power to wind up the Companv's affairs. Mr Charles Boiler, >I.p., a] s o expressed hitter disappointment in the failure ot the promises made by Government. The Companv, and the settlers, jjave a right to demand possession of their own lands, protection against those caprices of SOCK! Governors which have resulted in a sattgvinarv native war, in destitution amon<r the labouring settlers, and ruin to aii ; redress for wrongs by «c s quite within the power of the Government. Dr Bowrtng concurred.—The report was adopted unanimously. t '-SCAPE op PnrxcE Lours NAPOLT-O.V FROM 27th of May, the news of the escape of Prince Louis Bonaparte from the forircss of Ham. liis escape took place on the previous morning, and was only known in 1 lie evening. He deceived the watchfulness of his gunrdi.-ins by placing a m ;nliikin. in the bed; he took the clothes of one of the workmen employed in making some repairs :;ear his prison, and went out by the usual door without being lemarked by any one. A strict SECRET J S-t on foot, but without success. Not seeing fha Prince at the usual hour, General Dem.-iriu 1 , who commands the fortress, sent to inquire after him. The physician of the Prince, who is a prisoner, replied that he was unwell, and obliged 10 keep his bed. The same answer was made twice ; the General then insisted on seeing the Prince, to ascertain if the physician had told the truth. It was then four or five o'clock in the evening, when the doctor confessed the ruse adopted by the Prince, at the same time expressing his hope that he had passed *he frontier 'I he Prince passed the Belgian frontier about, four o'clock its the afternoon of his escape. He had taken the precaution of shaving otf his moustaches and whiskers, which prevente i all recognition. A cabriolet awaited him in the town, into which he got with his valet de chambre, who WHS WE}} known to all the inhabitants of Ham, and had lett the p'ace hy ?i circuitous route to join hi* mas;er. The Prince went straight on to to St Quentin, whence he took t ost horses, aud started instantly for Valenciennes. On his way, having paid his post boys liberally, he desired them to go as fast as po-sibl*, as he was anxious, Iih said, to see a rich Rnglihhman who was at Brussels. On reaching Valencenness about halfpast two o'clock, p.m., the Prin :e stopped, and inquired of the post-master if he would take care of his carriage, as he wished to start by the railroad to Brussels, and return iu a few davs. Having received an answer in the ^ffirmativn. Prince Louis, before his v det de chambre had settled the travelling expenses, turned down a by street to the railroad nation, and started by the first train. He reached Brussels on the evening of the dav he escaped, and is now in En»la;:d. THE OREGON QUESTION.—The Tvr es of June 24th, adverting to recent news from America, savs:—*\e entertain a confident assurance, f.-om the nature of the communications which have been received frcm the United States, that the progress of the negotiation for the settlement of the Oregon dispute was completely satisfactory up to the time of the departure of the last mails. Mr Pakenham had at once proc eded to communicate to the American Government the proposal which was convejed to him from this country bv the packet of ihe 18th of May ; and the reception giver, to this overture by Mr Buchanan and by the President himself was such as to leave little doubt of the prompt conclusion of the transaction. The terms of this ••greement will probably be submitted by Mr Polk to the Senate of the United States before the convention is finally drawn up for signature; but the pro'racted and violent debate which took place this winter upo i ihe notice for the erminatiou of the exis-iri;; convention, appears in a great measure to have exhausted the acrimony of parties on this subject: whilst the Mexican war has at once diverted public attention into another channel, and impressed upon the American Government the necessity of extricating itself without delay from the dauger of a twofold war, accompanied by hostilities on all its frontiers. These considerations, and the moderation as well as firmness of the British Government, have produced their full effect in Washingtosi j tJh.i ha*'-- lirt.lt: doubt th.it tho r.--Kt ;.rri ' vals from the United States uiii enable us to announce the final adjustment of the Oregon controversy." ROYAL CHRISTENING.—The christening of the infant princess is expected to take place at the Castle early in the ensuing month, upon which occasion it is stated, their Majesties the King and t ie Queen of the French, accompanied by the duchess of Orleans, who will be one of the illusrious sponsors, will pay a visit to this country. he Duchess (Helena) of Orleans is a daughter t the late Hereditary Grand Duke of MeckJenurg-Schwerin A REPUBLICAX ARMY.—It has been calculaed that nearly one-half of the non-commissioned ffice's and privates of the Americau army desert very year. SUBMARINE TELEGRAPHS.—We gave our rearrs an account, some time ago, of a project for the establishment of a submarine electric tele- ! ' | i ! d l c u n a t s t L n t r graph between the coasts of England ano Friic * We now find it slated that lhe~ X»ords ^t" the Admiralty, for the purpose oi testing the possibility of the undertaking, have given permission to i!* cr^.ijestors to establish a similar te\\\g<apk arrows Portsmouth Harbour; and upon the ^yent of he experiment will depend the question c^ e^ec communication across the Chann?l—wh^- 1 ' ' n case of Micces-, will have t'ia sanction of glish and French governments. HAYDON.—We regret to state that Mr R I?. Haydon the historical painter, died sudden ! } r on the 22d of June. CONSECRATION OP A ROMAX CATHOLIC HIS- HOP. —'! he imposing ceremony cf ne consecration of a Ro<r.an Catholic Bishop selected in the person of the Dr. Ullathorne, o f Coventry, took plice at " the Church of the Holy Sacrament," in that city, in the course, of Sunday. DEATH OF THR POPE.—The successor of St. Peter at Rome, commonly styled " Gregory the S'steenth," has di*d some That suddenly. " Oa Whit Su <d*y" says one of the letters from Rome, the Pontiff determined to have mass said in his chamber, and to take the comraanion himself. This was opposed, and he was almost obliged to get angry in order to have his wish compiled with : and. if he had done so. he would have d»2<] without the sacrament. His valet-de-ehambra said to him, * But Holy Father, you trill alarm the whole city ; they will say that you are verv ( ill.' Certainly,' replied he« I am very ill ; E feel if ; and do you want me to appear bef'orp God without hiving taken the bread of life? /,» vofj'io merirc da/rat?, lion da sovrano' (I wl-'h 10 die as a mo!:k, ami not as a sovereign). The tualadv made such rapid progross the following night, that the cardinal confessor, whose duty it is to assist dying Pontiffs could not be summoned •n time ; it was the assistant sure of the Pontificial Palace who gave extreme unctioa to the Pope the cute not having ariived. Gregory XVI. had expired when Cardinal Diane; , his confessor, entered his chamber. The olher ecclesiastic?, who were summoned according to custom, had only to watch over the mortal reasains of their master. The pops expired in ih? arms of Cardinal L-»mbruschini, who h d hurried up with all of his horses, and who assisted him in his la^ moments with the tenderness of a friend a;.d a so«?. The French Governmant received on the 20;h of June a teiegr-.phic despatch, from Marseilles, announcing that Cardinal Ferrcti, Bishop of Imola, had been proclaimed by the conclave successor to Gregory XVI. The new Pope was botn in 1792\. The pracipitancy with which the ejection was wade, was induced, no doubt, by a sense of the dangers with which Italy, the Papal states in particular, is menaced. The reported liberal vewsofthe new Pope suggest to some of the F e : ch journals the idea that concessions would be made to demands of the discontented ; but tha Sacred College, w hich opposed itself to all species of temporal reform during the life of XVI., will probably overrule in like manner the. wise depositions and resoivs? of his successor. He is the the youngest Pope elected fot a very long period. " The promp election of the Sovereign Pontiff," says the Ur.ivers—has defeated many an intrigne and deceived many expectations, diplomacy had not even time to interfere. Yesterday, in the Chamber of Deputies, M Martin du Nord stated that the choice of the Sacred College v. r as, or would have been, that of the Ministry,—a fact the more honourable for our Government, as it is evident, from the manner in which the election took place, that our Ministers on this occasion, were in perfect accord, not only with the Cardinals, but with the Holy Ghost. The to! g!ie of public rumour has long been busy with the fate of the present Ministry. It is now some time that men ceased to doubt the probability of Sir Rob-irt Peel's Administration holding out much longer, a'?d speculation has been rather employed in conjecturing the time and the manner, than the fact of a resignation. A recent event goes far to solve these doubts, and to reduce these doubts, and to reduce conjecture to a very reasonable certainty. On Saturda}' Lord John Bussed held a meeting of Whig members of the Lower House, for the purpose of submitting to them his views and intentions with respect to two important measures that will shortly come in the Hou<e of Commons. The Goercion Bill, and tfce Sugar Duties were, of course, the subjects discussed ; it was resolved that the Irish Bill should be opposed on its second reading by all the strength of the party, and that his Lordship's motion in favor of the admission of slave-grown sugar should he renewed aad strenuously supported. There was but. one dissentient from either uropositio i, and, with these two exceptions, the rreeling was unanimous. Thus, to all appearance, Sir Robeit's fate is sealed. A few days back, ana he was saved from defeat by a conclave of Whig peers at Lansdown-house ; now he is threatened with destruction hy a synod of Whig members in Chesham-place. Within a month the Whigs will have preserved and annihilated the Conservative Minister. Sir Robert Peel's position is neither strange nor unanticipated. Strange it cannot be to one who has shown himse'f equal" to every variety of fortune; anticipated it must have been by a Minister who has only preserved his r.csition by the assistance or the sufferance of two great parlies to which he is equally opposed. An escape from his recent dauger seems only possible by another concession to his adversaries. He may withdraw the Coerciou Bill, and with the aid of his old friends the Protectionists, fight the battle of the sugar duties against (he Whigs ; but one thing seems certain—that on the Irish measure he must, if he perseveres, be defeated. Inteed, as it was only by the aid of the Whigs that he was enabled to carry the first reading, it seems to follow of course that, when that a*d is withdrawn, he v.ill not be able to carry the second. The Protectionists have only to stand aloof, ana leave him" with the six score of personal followers, to fight it out with the whole phalanx of the Whigs, who more than double his numbers. Such is the • anger; but, nevertheless, the Premier, we beieve, will remain faithful to the Coercion Bill, hoosing to fall, as to mat y have done, before h m, nder the pressure of an Irish difficulty. We will ot say how far this determination ^s prudent, but t least we must admit it to be decent. Neilher ! he Minister nor his friends can wish to prolong ' uch an unequal struggle as that to which, since . he passing of the Cora and Customs BtU in the ; owef House, they have been exposed. The very »tton of G iveri.meut is outraged by the ence of a Minister nominally in power but in eality at the mercy of its estranged friends or natural opponents oa every pejly^ 4BM? which & division may be called for. A few daj's, therefore,will decide the fate of the present Ministry if it be not rather already decided. Before the expii-aticn of the week we may see the formation of another Cabinet, and the return to |ft>wer of a'party which, whatever may be its defects, will come in with all the prestige of a recent "and long-contested victory, and the merit of having mainly and honestly contributed to the success of a measure the most comprehensive and the most important of modern times.—Times. Ibraham Pacha arrived this morning at Mivart's, after being feted immensely at, and seeing the lions of Portsmouth and the adjacent places. In reply to the address of the Portsmouth Corporation, in which they referred to the facilities given by the Pacha of Egypt for consta'nt and uninterrupted communication between this country and her Indian possessions, the Pacha, through his interpreter, stated as follows :—The Pacha feels highly satisfied that her Majesty has deigned to take notice of him ; and his h ghness begs to thank the authorities of Portsmouth for this act uf kindness in presenting him with an address. With reference to that portion of it which concerns the commercial intercourse of this country with Egypt, the Pacha begs to assure jou that E^ypt will always endeavour to facilitate in every way the communication of this country with her eastern possessions. For this purpose only his father has taken the transir into his own hands. The Pacha will always regard with peculiar interest the prosperity of England, and will pray for the long life and hahpiness of her Majesty. In conclusion, the Pacha wishes to all of you health and prosperity." June 8. WEST INDIES AND M EXICO.—An arrival from the West India islands announces the prevelence of a very serious drought. By this arrival we have intelligence also from Mexico. The news f om the seat of war is not of a decisive character. The American squadron, under the command of Commodore Cowner, was lying off Vera Cruz. The Mexicans are working with the utmost energy in fortifying the Castle of St Juan d'Ullaa. Guns of the largest calibre are placed in every advanrageous position, aud additional ones from the interior of the country were continually arriving. It is also thickly lined tpith sand bags, and every available means have been taken to render it invulnerable. Competent authority asserts that it is in a better state of defence than ever, and will defy the efforts of the Americans to nake it surrender. No engagement had taken place, the Mexicans remaining passive, and busily occupied in every preparation Of defence. The American Commodore had received orders, in the event of the least overt act on the part of the Mexicans, to attack the Castle, not otherwise. It is, therefore, generally supposed that as the Mexicans will act on the defensive only, no blood will be shed, unless tk e Americans choose to fire the first shot. There is no particular news from the land forces, in fact, nothing since the date of the last advices. All that is known is, that the American Army, tinder General Taylor, was close to Ibe Rio Grandie. It is only 3000 strong, while the Mexican strength is 7000, in addition to which a reinforcement, 'Tinder the command of General Bustamenle, had ' set out to join them. The first shot fired by either party will be the signal to commence hostilities. The Americans are looking to Mexico, Cuba, and California, and this is merely a comir e.jcemont of their deeply-laid plan. The Oregon question is merely a blind. Santa Anna was a fill at Havannah.* An emissary from the ex-Pre- S : dent came to Vera Cruz in the Tweed, and applies! to'General Paredes for an escort to the city •of Mexico* He was taken prisoner, and sent to acme castle some CO miJes in the interior. 