SPECTATOR'S LIBRARY. Abating# foiti) tj&e; poets H. W. LONGFELLOW. The u accomplishment of verse" has become so- general that it has long ceased to be a distinction. People think no more of it than they do of speaking French. It is part and parcel of " a liberal education." But though everybody speaks French, it is not everyone who- speaks it well ; so, though everybody can write verses, it is not' everybody who can write them well. II y a fagots et fagots, says Moliere ; and there are verses and verses. Among the writers of easy graceful verse Longfellow has an honorable place. Whatever he writes has a certain air of refinement and delicacy about it, a- fe minine manner not without its charm. He has an eye for the picturesque ; an ear for the murmurous cadence of resounding verse ;. a sentiment of the poeti cal in nature ; a knowledge of elegant literature ; and a quiet, placid soul, happy in the cultivation of his muse. But with all this he is not a poet. He may wile away a listless half hour, but he makes no- chord in your bosom vibrate, he engraves no- truth deep in your soul, he excites no- enthusiasm, he creates no household words or food familiar images. The little volume before us is a good specimen of his powers. It is very readable. It is sweet and pensive ; delicately felt and delicately rendered. It is a bunch of violets thrown upon the busy pathway of the world to be un heeded by the many, by the few to be looked at and forgotten ; for its perfume and its beauty have not long to live. He does not disguise from himself the nature of his work. Listening to the chimes in the belfry, he sings— " And I thought how like these chimes- Are the poetfs airy rhymes, All his rhymes and roundelays, His conceits, and songs, and ditties,. From the belfry of his brain, Scattered downward, though in vain,. On the roofs and. stones of cities ! For by night the drowsy ear Under its curtains cannot hear, And by day men go their ways,. Hearing the music as they pass, But deeming it no more, alas ! Than the hollow found of brass, " Yet perchance a sleepless wight; Lodging at some humble inn In the narrow lanes of- life,. When the dusk and hush of night Shut out the incessant din Of daylight and its toil and strife; M ay listen with a calm delight To the poet's melodies, Till he hears, or dreaUts he hears, Intermingled with the song. Thoughts that he-has cherished' long ; Hears amid the chime and singing The bells of his own village ringing, And wakes, and finds his slumberous eyes Wet with most delicious tears." Is not this prettily imagined 1 Not very new, per haps, and yet original. The poem which gives the title to this volume is very simple and very brief, and, except to paint the aspect of the sleeping city and to recal a few historical names, one knows not what its object may be. The opening, is nicely handled.: — " In the ma ket-place of Bruges stands the belfry old and brown ; Thrice consumed' and thrice rebuilded, still it watches o'er the town. " As the summer morn was breaking, on that lofty tower I stood, And the world threw off the darkness, like the weeds of widowhood. " Thick with towns and hamlets studded, and with streams and vapors gray, Like a shield embossed with silver, round and vast the land scape lay. " At my feet the city slumbered. From its chimneys here and there, Wreaths of snow-white smoke, ascending,, vanished, ghost like, into -air. " Not a sound rose from the city at that early morning hour, But I hearda heart of:iron beating in the ancient tower. " From their nests beneath the rafters-sang tire swallows wild and high And the world, beneath me sleeping, seemed more distant than the sky. " Then most musical and solemn, bringing back the olden times, With their strange, unearthly changes rang the melancholy chimes. " Like the psalms from some old cloister, when the nuns- sing in the choir ; And the great'bell tolled among them, like the chanting of a friar. One does not often meet with stanzas such as these in the crude and. hasty rhymes weekly issuing from the press. The expression is simple and yet beautiful, and the imagery commensurate : neither overdone nor underdone. The line- — " And the world beneath me sleeping seemed more distant than the sky" — Here we present you with a little flower which de serves a place in your anthology — that is, if you keep one,, reader— bonnet in sumptuous morocco, and its white pages filled by your own hand with all the little flowers of sentiment you have been able to cull in your wand erings. Copy this instantly in your neatest handwriting : — " The day is done, and the darkness Falls from the wings of Night, As a feather is wafted downward From an eagle in its flight. I see the lights of the village Gleam through the rain and the mist, And a feeling of sadness comes o'er me, That my soul cannot resist: " A feeling- of sadness and longing, That is not akin to pain, And resembles sorrow only As the mist resembles the raim " Come, read- to me some poem,. Some simple and heartfelt lay, That shall soothe this restless feeling,. And banish the thoughts of day. Not from the grand old masters, Not from the bards sublime, Whose distant footsteps echo Through- the corridors of Time: " For, like strains of martial music, Their mighty thoughts suggest Life's endless toil and endeavour ; And to-night I long for rest. " Read from some humbler poet, Whose songs gushed from his heart, As showers from the clouds of summer, Or tears from the eyelids start ; " Who, through long days of labour, And nights devoid of ease, Still heard in his soul the music Of wonderful -melodies. " Such songs have power to quiet The restless pulse of care, And come like the benediction That follows after prayer. " Then read from the treasured volume The poem of thy choice, And lend to the rhyme of the poet The beauty of thy voice." Having inscribed this in- your album you- will pro claim its author a poet, and one of your favourites. Cherish him, if you will. We should be loth to check any such sympathy. Butr my dear madam, remember we are critics, and as such attach another and higher signification to the word Poet than you are pleased to attach to it. And when we say that Longfellow is not a Poet we are only compendiously expressing this fact; in five years hence, in spite of your album, you will utterly have forgotten him ;. his voice will have no music t« you ; his words will have no witchery. Whereas the little poem by Tennyson which you co pied in the same album, and with the same pen, still makes some chord vibrate, still seems " beautiful ex ceedingly a line qjuoted from it in a novel raises a vague feeling of delight ;. the meution of it by some one you esteem' makes your eye sparkle ; praise of it by a- stranger makes him your friend. And all. this because Tennyson is a Poet ; and because " A thing of beauty is a joy for ever ; Its lovsliness increaseth ; it will never Pass into nothingness." Marstdn ; or the Soldier and the Statesman. By the Rev. George Croly, L.L.Di 3 vols. Colburn. This work presents a singular contrast to the " Salathiel" of the same author. That exhibited the most important period and the most eventful scenes in the annals of antiquity, restoring the genius, the thoughts, and the circumstances of the Christian era; this gives to view the leading features of an age, almost too-closely connected with our own, to be yet termed the Past. But both are marked by the same kind of ability, though ex ercised on widely different themes, and are, in their spirit, much more essentially historic than fictitious. In " Marston" it appears to be Dr. Croly's design to place on record his impressions and recollections of the last half century. We have no means of discriminating between what is written from actual experience and what from contemporary relation. It is enough for us that the whole work has the aspect and spirit of truth, and in its notices of the French Re volution, of the war, and of the politics of England and Ireland presents some of the most vivid portraits of illustrious person ages, and some of the most magnificent pictures of memorable events, that have yet been given to the public. " Marston," born of a noble house,, commences his career with the first outbreak of insurrection in France. A romantic adventure throws him into the society of the Prince of Wales at Brighton, and he forms one of the splendid intellectual circle that surrounded the prince in his prime of manhood. He is afterwards brought into contact with a. Jew capitalist, one of those remarkable men who work in partial obscurity, yet who are at- the bottom of vast political convulsions, and'who partly foresee and partly eontrol events. The influence of this sin- . gular and able man is felt through the book. Marston chooses the profession of arms ; he visits Paris while the revolutionary fever is at its height, but before war is declared ; he sees the Bastile captured ; hte views the royal family escorted in triumph by the mob he listens to the debates of the National Assem bly and the fiercer discussions of the Jacobin Club, On the breaking out of hostilities he joins the army of the Duke of Brunswick as a volunteer, takes part in the campaign, at first so glorious for the royal arms, and is subsequently captured by the French, and conveyed to Paris. A prisoner, he mixes with the unfortunate beings whom revolutionary fervour gave by hundreds to the scaffold,' and whoso crime was their talents, their station, or their loyalty. Rescued by his old friend Mor- decai, on the steps of the guillotine, he is hurried into the best society the capital could then afford, and sees all the life that ranged between the daily massacres of the capital, and the splendid scenes presided over by Madame Fonienai and Josephine Beauharnois. He returns to England to enter the House of Commons ; distinguishes himself in thoSte great de bates in which Pitt, Fox, Burke, and Sheridan took part, and! ..then goes in an official station to Ireland. Netf scenes here open to him. He is in the country of Fitzgibbon,. Giattan, Curran, and Castlereagb, and is mixed' up with the rebellion of '98. When he returns to London' it' is- to'- stand by the death bed of Pitt. He watches the progress of the Peninsular war,, as it undermines the gigantic empire of Napoleon ; goes as ambassador to St. Petersburg ; and ceases his narrative only when the war is terminated by Waterloo. With these public events is connected a romantic fiction, which has its influence- on the hero's fortunes, rouses in his soul the passions of love and ambition, and heightens the excitement of his adventures. It wi® be seen that Dr- Croly has- chosen a wide field-' for the exercise of his talents. Of the ability with which he fills it we pretend to give no other idea than can be gathered from the few extracts subjoined. It may be inferred that the work has not been written without a distinct aim, It is intended to- vin dicate great principles as well as to impart knowledge and afford' . amusement. In an eloquent preface Dr. Croly states "Without desiring to say that these volumes have been writtaa solely for the purpose of giving a public lesson, their writer Will consider himself fortunate if they should assist in impressing the conviction that in all violent political change the humblest ranks are sure to suffer most; that their bodies are used merely to fill up the trench over which their leaders pass to power ; that their severest sacrifices only turn a dema gogue into a tyrant ; and thatthe only alternatives of a demo cracy are national decay or military despotism." A note warns us that the work was completed many months since. Its publication has been delayed by that severe domestic calamity of the author which deprived the Indian army of one of its most promising and amiable young officers. The portrait that follows is evidently from personal observa tion. It is worth notice that men of the highest order of mind . entertain the sincerest admiration for Sheridan's genius. Dr. Croly's estimate of its power and brilliancy is as high as that expressed by Byron : — SHERIDAN AT THE TABLE OF THE PRINCE OF WALES " I had now for the first time an opportunity of seeing this remarkable man. He was then in the prime of his life, of his fame, and of his powers. His countenance struck me at a glance as the most characteristic that I had ever seen. Fancy may do much, but I thought that I could discover in his phy siognomy every quality for which he was distinguished ; the pleasantry of the man of the world, the keen observation of the great dramatist, the vividness and daring of the brilliant orator. His features were somewhat exaggerated, but their combination were so powerfully intellectual, that, at the moment when he turned his face towards you, you felt that you- were looking on a man of the highest order of faculties. None of: the leading men of his day had a physiognomy so palpably mental. Burke's spectacled eyes told but little ; Fox, with the grand outlines of a Greek sage, had no mobility of feature-: Pitt Was evidently no favorite of whatever goddess presides over beauty at our birth. But Sheridan's countenance was the actual mirror of one of the most glowing, versatile, and vivid minds in the world. His- eyes alone would have given expression to a face of clay. I never saw in human head orbs so large, of so intense a-black, and of such sparkling lustre. His manners, too, were then ad mirable ; easy without negligence, and respectful, as they ought to be in the guest at a royal table, yet without a shadow of servility,; He was also wholly free from that affectation of saying good- things, which naturally tempts a man, who cannot help knowing that his good things are recorded. He laughed,, and listened, and rambled through the common topics of the day, with all the evidence of one enjoying the moment, and glad to contribute to its enjoyment. . And- yet, in all this ease,. I could see that remoter thoughts from time- to time passed through his mind. In the midst of our gaiety the contraction of his deep and noble brows showed that he was wandering far away from the slight topics of the table ; and I could imagine what he might be when struggling against the gigantic strength of Pitt, or thundering against Indian tyranny before the peerage in Westminster.hall. " I saw him long afterwards,. when the promise of ' his day was overcast; when the flashes of his genius were like guns of dis tress ;. and when his character, talents, and frame were alike sinking.. But, ruined as he was, and humiliated by folly as much as by misfortune, I have never been able to regard Sheridan but as a fallen star — a star, too, of the first magnitude, without a superior in the whole galaxy from which he fell, and with an original brilliancy perhaps more lustrous than them all." The horrors of Parisian fevolt have employed the pen of able writers. In what follows a poetic imagination raises a noble and touching image out of the terrors of brutal massacre : — "an incident of the- revolution. " Before me were raging thousands, the multitude which I had' seen advancing to the gates. The houses, as far as the eye could reach, were lighted up with lamps, torches, and every sort of hurried illumination. Banners ot all hues were waving from the casements, or borne along by the people ; and in the midst of the wild procession were seen at a distance a train of travel ling carriages, loaded on the roofs -with the basest of the rabble. A mixed crowd of National Guards; covered with dust, and drooping under the fatigue of the road; poissardes drunk, dancing,, and screaming the most horrid blasphemies ; and a still wider circle, which seemed to me recruited-from all the gaols of Paris,, surrounded the carriages ; which I at length understood to be those of the royal family. They had attempted to escape to the frontier, had been arrested, and were now returning as prisoners. I caught a glimpse, by the torchlight, of the illus trious sufferers, as they passed the spot where I stood. The Queen was pale, but exhibited that stateliness of countenance for which she was memorable to the last ; she sat with the dauphiness pressed in her arms. The Ring looked overcome with exhaustion ; the dauphin gazed at the populace with a child's curiosity. " At the moment when the carriages were passing, an incident occurred terribly, characteristic of the time-. A man of noble presence, and with the order of St. Louis on his breast; who had been giving me a hurried and anxious explanation of the scene, excited by sudden feeling, rushed forward through the escort, and laying one hand, on the royal carriage, with the other waved his hat, and shouted, ' Vive le Roi ! ' In another instant I saw him stagger : a pike had been darted into his bosom, and he fell dead under the wheel. Before the confusion of this fright ful catastrophe had subsided a casement was opened imme diately above my head, and a woman, superbly dressed, rushed out on the balcony, waving a white scarf, and crying, 'Vive Marie Antoinette ! ' The muskets of the escort were turned upon her, and a volley was fired at the balcony. She started back at the shock, and a long gush of blood down her whit© . robe showed that she had been Wounded. But she again waved the scarf, and again uttered the loyal cry. Successive shots were fired at er by the monsters beneath ; but she still stood. At length she received the mortal blow ; she tottered and fell, yet, still clinging to the front of the balcbny, she waved the scarf, and constantly attempted to pronounce the words of her gene rous and' devoted heart, until she expired I I saw this scene with an emotion beyond my power to describe ; all the enthu siasm of popular change Was chilled within me ; my bpyi.sh imaginations of republicanism were extinguished by this plunge into innocent blood ; and I never felt more relieved than when the Whole fearful procession finally moved on, and I was left to make my way once more, through dim and silent streets, to my dwelling," These .volumes contain several fine sketches of those scenes, fascinating from their unparalleled horrors, presented hv_ Paris during the .revolution. We extract one of the most distinct though least animated : — " the hall of the jacobins. " In the area below, once the nave oi the church, sat the Jacobin Club. I now, for the first time, saw that memorable and terrible assemblage. Nothing could be more suited than its aspect to its deeds. The' hall was of such extent, that a la-ge portion of it Was scarcely visible, and the few lights which hung from the walls but dimly displayed even the remainder. The French love of decoration had no place here; neither statues nor pictures, neither gilding nor sculpture, relieved the heaviness dWWfe huge hall. Nothing of the arts was visible, hut their rudest' specimens ; the grim effigies of monks and mar tyrs, or the coarse blackened carvings of a barbarous age. The area was full ; for the club contained nearly two thousand mem bers, and' on this night all Were present. Yet, except for the occasional cries of approval, or anger, when any speaker had concluded, and the habitual murmur of every large assembly, they might have been taken for a host of spectres ; the hall had so entirely the aspeot of a huge vault, the air felt so thick, and the gloom Was so feebly dispersed by the chandeliers. All was sepulchral. Even the chair of the president stood on a tomb, an antique structure of black marble. The elevated stand, from which the speakers generally addressed the assembly, had the strongest resemblance to a scaffold ; and behind it, covering the Wall, were suspended chains, and instruments of torture of every horrid kind, used in the dungeons of old times; and, though placed there for the sake of contrast with the mercies of the age of philosophy, yet enhancing the general idea of a scene of \- death. It required no attention to its gloom to render the hall of the Jacobins fearful ; but the meetings were always held at night, and often prolonged through the whole night. Always stormy, daggers were often drawn and pistols fired— assassina tion in the streets sometimes followed bitter attacks on the ' benches; and at this period the mutual wrath and terror of the factions had risen to such a height, that every meeting might be regarded as only a prelude to exile or the axe. The deliberation of this especial night was to settle the question whether the Monarch or the Jacobin Club was to ascend the scaffold. It was the debate on the execution of the unhappy Louis XV I." The political principles of the author are well known, yet, in his recollections of the great orators who filled the stage of politics in his early life, lie seems actuated only by a sentiment of respect for their powers. All these portraits are conceived in a spirit of genuine admiration, yet they are as indiscrimina- tive as they are vivid . — " charles fox. " I now saw Fox for the first time ; and I was instantly struck with the singular, similitude of all that I saw of him, to all that I had conceived from his character and his style. In the broad bold forehead it could not be difficult to discover the strong sense — in the relaxed mouth, the self-indulgent and reckless enjoyment — in the quick small eye under those magnificent black brows, the man of sagacity, of sarcasm, and of humour— and in the grand contour of a countenance and head which might have been sculptured to take its place among the sages and sovereigns of antiquity, the living proof of those extraor dinary powers which could have been checked in their ascent to the highest elevation of public life only by prejudices and pas sions not less extraordinary. As he advanced up the House, he recognised nearly every one on both sides, and spoke or smiled to them all. The business of the night was not yet begun ; the Speaker was occupied with some matters of routine ; and Fox stopped several times on his way, and was surrounded by a circle with whom, as I might judge from their laughter, he ex changed some pleasantry, of the hour. When at length he ar rived at the seat reserved for him he threw himself upon it with the easy look of a man who had reached home— gave a nod to Windham, held out a finger to Grey, warmly shook hands with . Sheridan ; and then, opening his well-known blue and buff cos tume, threw himself back on the bench, and laughingly gasped for air. " Of all the public speakers whom I have ever heard, Fox ap peared to me the most subtle— of course, not ir. the crafty and degrading sense of the word ; but in the art of approaching his cas# ; there he was masterly and matchless. He loitered, lie lingered, he almost trifled by the way, until the observer began to believe that he had either no object in view or had forgotten ' it altogether. In the next moment he rushed to the assault and carried all by storm. On this occasion he had a difficult part to play, for the hourly horrors of the French capital had begun to alienate the aristocracy of England, and had even raised disgust among that most influential body — the middle classes. The skill with which the orator glided over this portion of his sub ject was admirable ; no Camilla ever " flew o'er the unbending corn" with a lighter foot. He could not altogether evade the topic. But he treated it as one might treat the narrative of a distressing casualty, or a disease only to be touched on by man with the pity due to human infirmity, or even with the respect due to a dispensation from above. He often paused, seemed at a loss for words, : of which, however, he never failed to find the most pungent ; and assumed, in a remarkable degree, the ap- pearance of speaking only from strong compulsion, a feeling of reluctant duty, a sense of moral necessity." " the appearance of burke. " Burke then rose. Strong interest was directed to him, not merely from his eminent name, but from the public curiosity to hear his explanation of that estrangement which had been for some time spreading, under his auspices, through the leading personages of the Opposition, Like most men who have made themselves familiar with the works of a great writer, I had formed a portraiture of him by anticipation. I never was more disappointed. Instead ofthe expressive countenance and com manding figure, which I had imagined, to enshrine the soul of the most splendid of all orators, I saw a form ofthe middle size and of a homely appearance, a heavy physiognomy, and the whole finished by two appurtenances, which would have been fatal to the divinity of the Apollo Bfelvidere, spectacles and a wig. His voice and manner were scarcely less prepos sessing ; the one was as abrupt and clamorous as the other was rustic and ungraceful, He had the general look of a farmer of the better order, and seemed, at best,. made to figure on a grand jury." " the oratory of curran. " His topics were comparatively trivial — the guilt of provin cial conspiracy, incurred by men chiefly in the humble ranks of life, and in all instances obscure. No' great principles of na tional right were to live or die upon the success of his pleading ; no distressed nation hailed him as its defender ; no impregna ble barrier against oppression in Europe or Asia was to be in scribed with his name. He was simply an advocate in the nar row courts of s dependent kingdom — humiliated by the hopeless effort to rescue a succession of unfortunate beings, whose lives were already in the grasp of justice— compressed on every side by localities of time, habit, and opinion ; and thwarted alike by the clamours of prejudice, and the frowns of authority. Yet his speeches at the bar are unequalled to this hour. His creative powers seemed to rejoice in the very emptiness of the space which they were to fill with life, lustre, and beauty. Of all the great speakers, his images arose from thesimplest conceptions ; while they rapidly wrought themselves into magnitude and splen dour. They reminded me of the vapours rising from the morn ing field — thin, vague, and colourless; but suddenly seized by the wind, swelling into volume and ascending till they caught . the sunbeams, and shone with the purple and gold of the sum mer cloud." his aspect. " Curran was the last man to be judged of by appearances. Nature had been singularly unkind to his exterior ; as if the more to astonish us by the dowers of the man within. His figure was undersized, his visage brown, hard, and peasantlike, his gesture was a gesticulation, and his voice was alternately feeble and shrill. His whole effect was to be derived from means, with which that little meagre frame and sharp treble had nothing to do. But he had a singularly vivid eye. It was of the deepest black, and such was the intensity of its expres sion, in his more impassioned moments, that it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that it shot fire. Still, a stranger would have regarded him chiefly as an humorist, from the glances of sly sarcasm, and even of open ridicule, which he cast round the court during the pleadings of some of his " learned brethren." But in that court his true powers were known ; and the moment of his rising,, careless as was his attitude, and listless the look which he gave as he turned from his brief to the jury, was the signal for universal silence and the fixing of every eye upon the great pleader." T.nnn p a rtt.p.ti it a nxi " Castlereagh exhibited a character of <t totally different order, yet equally fitted for his time. An Irishman, he had the habitual intrepidity of his countrymen. Nobly connected, and placed high in public life by that connection, he showed himself capable of sustaining his ministerial rank by his personal capa city. Careless of style, he was yet an effective debater. But it was in the council that his value to the country was most ac knowledged. His conception of the rights, the influence, and the services of England was lofty ; and, when the period came for deciding on her rank in the presence of continental diplo macy, he was her chosen and her successful representative. His natural place was among the councils of camps, where sovereigns were the soldiers. The " march to Paris" was due to his courage ; and the first fall of Napoleon was effected by the ambassador of England." The varied qualities of the work will ensure it a wide circle of readers, and we believe a lasting popularity. The imagina tive will esteem it for the romance of its fiction ; the thoughtful for its sentiments and principles ; and the men of public life for its copious eloquence and glowing images that continally touch the borders of poetry, without departing from the effective simplicity of prose. 