1 REVIEW . .(From lheTablet.) S,irl(.e;ho ithe,!istoiryt .q i:La~rps and Consritut-" i on qf:I Rnplasid,. :4 By Jhomas !Chisholine Anstey, -Esq. ,'London,; St.ens and Norton,, ,re.js so'qt?tjng not a little startling in the; appegl to ol] principles and, old; institutions'icon tained'irn-this -volume. Readers with minds that: worship modernbdoctrines and live eitirely in the, ? present; i~aides:ithat enjoy a'devout faith in the. perpetual tendency of the:times towards progress;. 'readpis ieliIihate toI havetheirincompulacency or their indolence disturbed .bytheintritsiori of new thoughts' and the breaking up'of'their hardened and cherished formulas; all fhese, anid ierhaps home others, will ;tgrn;:asije witha:,real..distaster fromttltis''igorous \--exhumation of an antiquatedpolitical condition, con :neted a it'is with cosstant appeals to ;resentit}ies 'and constantn eneayorto revive old laWs not quite -p.c , and qldhabits that have been disused for 'centuries.": iut, we .woutld fain hope there imay be many mn'dsf 'aa verydiferent complex ?p, to ihom the speculations and the historical loreof this volume will speak, in very diferent .tones. They may not perhaps always agree.with :theiautlior in li?s un measured denunciations of thepresent, but'they will learn. much by putting themselves upder ihis in -,fr?iuction .as.to.the past. -The past history of one's ,tapttye:courntry has aivways a wonderful significance for every man. In all changesiand; thifs'is theage . of cliange-a higher wisdom ° than Bacon's recom mends us, stare super vias anstiqua, to stand u the ancient ways, there to-look around iln every side and thence to derive .lessons as to the guidance of *our. future. Unhappy isethe liot of that country whose past history hating beenglorious, has,become illegible; in which the forms,:tlhe ?abits, the.fel ings, have become so completely changed, thlatwhat has passed away cannot'lieundbrstood; and in which •the modern generations turn.to the records of defupct centuries asto the .ghosts of unrealities- carcasses that can have 'no newlife; symbolsrof atate of things as truly forelgi'as if they' belonged tol e history of another rae: 'Sugh.vould seekm tobep t becoming the condition' ofEngland. We talk of Magna.Charta, and we huzza the ,eoesof Runni mnede. We are ;proud of jthp glorious past.; the .names; the achievements, the struggles that have illustrated o'ur early history; and we look back with a ieflex,priilpupon the:great men ind ages that have had the glory, of producing us. But-if this result be not already: consummated--w are getting more and more to- f l~' coinplee political disassociation -from' the past.; :a coniplte severance from the foun dations of ourcivil polity. More 'and more we are getting accustomed 'to look uponi ouiselves not as an oh r:ace, inheriting institutions of which the-roots ..; re .deeply laid, and .bending:beneath the glorious burden of our responsibilities to the past; 'butas a new race, just eritering upon a new'course,'and in heritin'g 'from 'our forefathers no -more valuable heritage than a great' opportunity of striking out new methods for ourselves, and transposing at our boelute yill and pleasure all the ,elements of good an fiijl ly which we are surrounded. :More.nnd morewve are becoming despoiled of all wholesome reverence, not merely for the forms but -for the principles of our' hereditary institutions. -The analogies of ancient times have:'o meaning for us.; ad . ?yhpn wpo seek to. reform any worn-out off-shoot pf our venerable system, it is becoming-if it .ia not 'become-perfectly indifferent to us whether we re'form it in accordance with the spirit :from which our old institutiions have proceeded, or. :whether we graft upon the' ld stock a branch of a totally dissiniilar nature, and impregnate our laws .and.insiitutions' with ,the vilest, heterogeneous, and even poisonous' compounpd. ,Every year introduces some'freshl discordance into our. statute book. Every year closes ip siore than one of the passages through which life blood- was wont to be poured into p~url'Oitem from the heart of bygone ages. Every :year,. therefore, .increases the need we labour tinler 'of havig' set' before usa niSving' ?icture"of the past, in ~?trde thi t in the study of the past we may.at least acquire some modified reverence for that which' once 'was, and in its principles 'may'discern' analogies 'whicl should serve us as guides and warnings in the ,.ourse of wholesale disturbance upon which we .are already so faer advanced. "Of books which labour at directing, our thoughts into this channel, we know none more truly valuable than the one before us; none that is so deeply' ,enetrated with the 1lqvous of oupd principles; none that ip so small a compass conveys so many practical[- lesons,' and points' attention to so many. fotgotten -and half-forgotten truths. Incomplete it must necessarily be for whiile it is intended only as . 'ode.to tie hisory of our ponsstitution, it isalso, •we understand, mtiiqde as an Intrdluction to a more • omiplete course-of.lectures on our present system of ..ws is iat present 'administered.' " ? . ' T.o'~'e icond half of this volume is, .repleto ?ith ,giattAr that.ill be new to most.of our, readers, that we lihardly. know where to cast down our.net.' TIc! lgaely separate and independent character of. evry, towinshlp andl local franchisg, ip the ·'kcipgdqp, even so late as the reign qf ]iwmrd III., will probably .tuke.sonme of our readers by` surprise. . . " If any ofour knights or.(burgesses,delegates, hlid not-received from their 'communities~? 'ier toi. conepr In the grant, their vote bound tiemelves lndeedl, but not those ' communities;' :':A sdbsldy-of an extraoslinaty-n'ature ~s orge ,dmanded by Edward '11. in .Pririaiienti , for 'the .?eegsary defence of.the realm. But, the Conmons answered' that ,they would: not-dare to assent, till that til_ e had, counselled and advised.wili the conm -nes of rselr ",country.' A4n thIs, says ,Lord coke, is a law and custom of Parliament. " Hence, when the King'summnontd Ihis lieges to :Parliame?dI"t was no unfrequent precinution it set Sft.tly in tle writ of summons itself, tiln imortonco qf'tte knigbI,.citizens and burgesses being fur -iishid, ":by. their respective ,comn'unitiq , wjth; smp e powers to bind them to Ililr ates-- so t.attthls, busliess, might not ,'fg)lfq ?t nt of such authority.' . It should be mentioned that thisis, in I-ct1 ,tl form of the writ of sutnmons hiov uni • ereallyused. The inembers are t9 beeltect p con .qult,', touching weighty matters of thiereahn ;', and ,theyr; requtlred " "to.have' Tfull ane Biulicleni'power t'r !!en aelves and the community, ';'a' twhich qf qomOoan counsel, shall happen t9 be or?ilnedn the premlses.; so thalmt for default of that'kind of wgr, the premises aforesaid may, not remajn 'indonet The Indenturp e iqe'ge, t i .th:rcSurn answers, to.the.writ, and seats forth, thatthe njember has beeit eleted,-- to attend accordlnk. tohe t r~eUr • f tt fsrIt,'-and that he hasbeen lnves??cl(wjh ;'ful poqers.to act in, and consent to, aJ)lthsl gslan the sad?Y.allmsqn),W~.Wqhplugl bof1cp nion coun pl anden coppsqt orlalned, t9ogfnlg, the state, ans defoi .%cfbt her Mi sty's realm:: ' " "Ifu- the,. =,? l.r9.ch B quF),Ignot ;concurrediah(le .'elctop,~of.its, knight or.burgess, o? If ltherel badbeen a similsr wantrof unasblnity, •t theiif the grean~ofathe aid lemanded,-th?d~-o Sentrents i' sereot~'lfully bound by .tho'suffraBtg Sthedelegate, to;renrde.ay,:contributaon.'he .whole i'. community'.;wasnever.~hbourid,,wherethe'.jurors .were not;; unanimous,---,.whether their ,verdict'>re ilated:to Judicial ,proceedings,-,(and,;to the:validity ,such;at this day,.the; unanimity:of the:;titwlve ?men :is still, valued; as essential,)-or tottheiiidmmtstra tion of, any:other branch.of:public affaira.s: On this :headithe .following, very ,interestinguauthorityjdec serves. yourinotice. -. ,. . : Si' Upon: thle .Scottish dinvasioniofathebishopric of, iDurham, in ,the :reign of,~ dward JI,, ;thea. com .mcnity of Durham .whereoflrthe.plaintilf .was.:one, .agredl.among themselves to pompourid:~vith thelJn .vadersfor money to,depart;.aud all.the community, :and;amdngst,tlhm the plaintiff, were::srworn: toiper- . , form;the.conrjositioni,,and:what ordinance should'be ;made'in :furtherance,.thereof... SoJtlhey~:compoundedl .with the Scots for sixtee:lth ndred :marks; rand.they agreedthat: the defendant -and :others .should, for avoiding delays, go into.thel house of everyrman-of the! community' and 'search, there for ..monies dto smake up the .sum, and :that such monies should,be' repaid after wards by. thie community.'. Thqreupon .the.defendant entered. the plaintiff!s house, and took S701., which was ;paid' twards that .fine,;and. for .,which .themaction .was ,brought. !The jury w?ere ýasked.whether the plaintiff was present, and :con; ;sentiuigto.his :monies being .so taken P And they said, eo' ,Whereforethie.plaintiff had judgment to ,recover back the 701. ,But from writ -of error ,broutght from that judgment in the -King's Bench, :error in law.assigned, the judgment was reversed because the plaintiff: had agreed. to .the ordinance, gjnd wassworn .to:performit.; and :because the.de fendant had Idone nething, but by Jheexpriess con sent of the .plaintiff, and :there .was. o itrespasser. And it was said :that the .plaintiffthaidno .remedy, .but against.lis-' community.' -,If therefore the. owner .of the.money:lad not iparticularly Lconsented.to the .9rdinance.made. by .his community, it would -not harve bound-him; and.he.would :have been entitled to judgment.:- . ,'"Thus too thle.City of ,London ;successfully re ,fused to render the fifth granted to -Edward I.i;by the -Council,iin .the twenty-fifth year. of his reign, and ordainediby the King's writs to-be-levied.- This again, although tl: grant of that fifth was by, a subsequent . compromise, ;and - in, another - council commuted for a ninth, the, same City of London, not being present at-the compromise; was not- bound by it; until subsequently a special grant was'ob ,tained from the mayor: anid commonalty, and an nexed by . ay .of schedule to .the Charter. -:On another occasion, the same Kipg forqbore for.twelve ,years frorn levying an extraordinary aid.; because it was granted under an authority timth:was not clearly ascertained to be .legally binding upon the community. :In the reign of ,his son, we find it ro corded how that a certain shire.court refused .to render obedience to. the .King's writ for the. levy.of. a tax, on the.ground - that, by .ieason of tenure, (their Jands being gavelkind,) their .constituents were not bound to contribute. Even the sanction .by ?Edyard JI. of he statute of Quia Emptories, .although. no :matter of .slpply-?-waited'till the con currence of all the .-knights of. the shires that .had been summoned could be obtained. " It was not until .long after it had become the settled practice to summon to Parliament the dele gate of tile ' communities' or (' Commons;' (com munes) as they began to : be called), that this.inde pendence, this distinct, character, of. each separate community was lost. The e' knights, citizens, and burgesses' might vote thp supply, the ' greater barons' assent to the, levy, the .King by writ com mand it. Btit the franchises of the' township" and the ' hundred' and th!e shire' subsisted; and their mandatories had no power to depart with these, even ' hac vice,' in favour of the monarch. Tihe Lords .and Commons' of Parliament could bind themselves, indeed, : but not their communities; further than was expressed by t1he interposition of that saving clause in every grant,' quantum in ipsis, es?. - ,The first step. towards the abrogation of local franchises, and -the destruction of. that vigorous local.life which is -the only security: for the con tinuing.life of the .whole.community, is thus doe scribed :- ft 'The further we addvance . we shall find.-more general convergence towards one centre. 'Institu tions, whic. had withstood the King and his barons now yielded to the Third Estate. They were use - .less clogs upon the energetic ambition of their dele gates. .The battle of the constitution was thence forward to be fought iy ithlin the walls of: Parliament just .as, at a still later stage in the. march of. im proycrPt,t tihe battle, field ha again been changed to registration courts..The Lower .House was to \- bcgqe the chan'9 tp9p of thq people. The clhurl acted nyeyad unwi oly, ad ven ngenrously, who to pre servo his own paltry local libertit, would cramp and embarrass the ndeJqvours, -which go many ma~~ling;, to establish as they said, the liberties of all England, by estaPlishing is they did, the ascend anyj oti.Parliament in .ngland, and of their own estatgi Parliam, ent. The e.ndeavour succeeded.- The lo9al libyrtiqs, qgough, not annulled, have been suftere-l to becoe.. obsolete and forgtten. The .sa crifice has been made. How has it profital thie churl lwhq do. it P Whlilst local addinistration, re mained pauperism wvas unKnown. Each hundred 'malntan intsd 1 o, and was cdequati to thiat gret ilduty. Noitwhssndng thlt, ins any districts, tIe soji was tyinly pqopled, thre instance of death from want were still so rare1 that when tley hIappeied, they.prpduced in thlp minds of men, not their bar reon ad useless pit for tre 'fito of sle unknown wandere r ut a ?eep sense of that criminal and in-. finding of tlathcorpse, tie death might be spgipoed to have hanpned. Such an event was alwayspthen a matter of juiial Inquiry. .If the death rppeared tto the Jurorsto have btn really the effect of wannt, t ,y m :uair presyntmen, as in, other cases ofi murder, and the hundred ws nuictd le in .tle, Murd r Fine. 5'heso were their only oYeor Laws I How far tire lhapiness and posperity of the churl have, betn since promotl , l y that transfer, of, powers, wIlh odpries him of Iohis ,proper brirtI! en of solici tude for tie wiielfpre of the ?tate, let the,.Poor Laoy mindrpent Act die feCorn Laws, Chartism, and the whole aspect of .thlis empire in 184i8, mae an-. We aresorry. that we canot follow Mr. iustqy in tracing Iv"n;wards th+e progress o': 'this ibsorb? i.ng.centrallsjtln1 nor through the very. interesting diiscusalons by, :hsinrintrerstlng of thee dlspernii ,Per, of, ) 'ow., andthe fitntluns of the.Privy Council, he directs attention- to. sone,ofthoqe, l.s :.portant- botfdrgotton prineIples whiohalie dormnant, but not dead, !n thi ca?e-worlh W!thin which wo are now imprisoned. Confined, as we are-to our.limits9 .we can do no mor :at present than traheribeo.from 'thleo'coilusjoti ofthese IdcturesIthe eloquent sentmncee in which Mr. Anstey ex?lains 'thli riiscipiestihat have guided his researcihes'and speculatilons.r- S":It will iniaiy mtnthspl robirbly,'bfore I have anothero'r itui nif( ? dind?hessir g you.- I trUts that t . provedn rectifying?yo juigment upon {hese lmportant subjects, arittd in gtuarding ,yourselves -againstuthe.monstrous 'errors a to whlichtihavaadverted.' ; ,s"ile; bouity of.your Sovereignhas placed.within your reach , the.only, true ,and; authertic sources of ;youra cquptry!s history, fin 'the ,contemporaneous secords of ,the eyents composipg,,it. ;I irmplore you to make,anearly lyand a diljgent useof thieroyal indpigence,l ard?to search those sources thoroughly c.go,tlle bottom. :Let, me .find ,you,! when ;we meet .again, morojustito your:anvientcommonwealth and your,;anclent,;faitli;t tlan to isuppose them, to. have .be.n,1in any Iway, partakers;in:those base:;platitudes of, modern .inventlon,,against 1which rI have endea vyoured to admonish you.. .. . , '.Put, not;yourr trust in.,princes,'is. now:an.un necessary warning. The days of arbitrary ,pre :roga!?varepnon, more. -In the iworld on .which you ,ar ,abput.to. entr, youjwillfind small temptationito excepd, in your.mpnarchial attachment. The.danger .is,noWy .the other ,way. The. far. more: appropriate ?warnipig,voud be :--'.Put,pot your, trust In:Parlia ment.' : Do notdegrade thefreedom, which is your ,birthright; by, esteeming iit to:have been:derived to you from enactments made in Parliament. -_Be peruadaed:that .Parliament could not have existed if .freedom, ladcnot, preceded. -It may ,be that,-here ,and now,-~p this.England ofthe nineteenth century "-freedom ,itself:,would perish, if Parliament should now.cense to be.. Weihaye the unsuspected authoriity of.Muontesquieu, for? holdinhg that to ibe -a ;highly probable event, in the terrific state to Which usurping centralisation has ?educed .us. ;But,:if.tlis-be so, ,it isby.reason of our own corruption, which unfits us to understand, our own :laws, and toderive ffirn them th.e.remedies'of wlhich we stand.inneed. :Thele .liberties.,and franchises of :England will 'be once moreosecure, as in the days of old, :whensoever tile spirit of those days is restored unto us. " ' Tlhen,, royal edicts,, and parliamentary enact ments,"were but occasional. manifestations ;-repre senting outwardly,:and illustrating in practice, the great: and broad truths of the moral.law.; derived from their: Divine source, by. the.constant tradition of ages, and.hallowed and'fortified:by pure religion. SThen, the maintenance, or destruction--the existenice, or non-existence-of a thousand Parliaments could not have been of any consequence. Then, .whether Parliaments were .known or not, the rights. and franchises of.the .community, and those of indivi duals, .could not but have flourished, and waxed strong.;-so long as those traditions were preserved amongst the people, being covered by the avenging .care.of' Rome, their.foster. mother. ". But, now, written laws have undermined the morals of .the State. Now, statutes, and Parliaments, have supplanted the ancient-franchises of England, in:the estimation of Englishmen. Now, the Cor mons of Parliament have virtually disfranchised the " Commons of the realm,'. uncreated their creators, and destroyed the rights of the very men who sent .them' into Parliament. - The forms may have been 1 preserved, but tihe meaning of them is lost, and their action perverted.. .' The pervice, of the House of Commons,' it was most profoundly observed, upon a ] great and solemn occasion, ! was. formerly a real service; therefore, often declined; and always paid for by the people. It is .nowno longer paid for by 1 tie people ; and, so far from being declined, tha it it has been courted and sought after, at great expense.' The service ceased to be a real service, when the Parliament began to be regarded as the only bulwark of English freedom ; having .been permitted to destroy every other. *' Much reason have they to ] maintain that freedom I' said Montesquieu-' should .they chance to lose it, they would become one of the .most slavish peoples of the earth.' Then, what will ,it avail them, that Lorld Burleigh's apopthegm, bepraised by Blackstone, shall have come true P -' England can never be ruined except by a Parlia .ment P Alas.! Her Parliaments have taken care, ithat, 'if none ,beside them have the power to ruin -her, none shall have the power to saveher'from their .hands. - ' Far less sanguine was Sir William Temple's ex pectation. of the ,results which Parliaments were, in .modern.. times, likely to achieve-or of the vocation =to which the progress of events tended to ordain them. ! Parliaments alone,' he said, ' cannot save -but.Parliaments alone may ruin a state.' It is a -proposition which our later experience .des neither . gainsay., ;nor qualify.: Nor was it long after that great statesman had so forewarned his' conistry against the. destructive' tendencies.of Parliaments, that one Parliament brought in two buccessive lines of foreign princes to the .British throne, and the .poison of the year. 1688 into the hearts of the Biitish people. S!.It is a.vulgar saying-that, as with- the -regal prerogatives, so, with dthe. popular fraichises' and liberties--none do,or can,-or ought to exist, but by Parliamentary, title. 'thns lamentably has thie mean ing of our ancient liberties -.liberties emphatically of Stie subject- been obscured, in the minds of men. The prerogative of the King.trained dhe growth of -the franchise-thie prerogative of- the Clhurch sabel \- terel aid.defended i:t. It was the.liberty, or fran ..chie of thio, subject--a liberty enjoyed tinder obe dlence to thei sovereign-a liberty subjected to the laws-of. which the.sovereign was the oracle and the head. .By; thie sovereign alone, those laws could be -interpreted:and -enforced. To this day, it is tles Queen, who as th1 head of the.-Jaw, in .the familiar .language of evetry act of Parliament, miikes tihe act -law; her; Parliament but advising the enactment. -Liberty was shelteredr by' those' laws. It:was sup ported by that preiogative. It rested upon no com pact, nor.Parliamentersry code, nor written constitu tion, not statute. -'"T'hat you may the more properly pursue these investigaios-ns-?-ie fit your care,: to' begini tlihem, wilth the:pure intention of ascertaining, by means. of thelmi, the li asutire of your.own obligation; so. tihat:kdowing, you mnay performn t. i You should I elevate yoOrsielvLs, to the gre?tness of the duty, into wilice you lise beenit ? i'or it is not in tlihe dull spirit of ilo iO In~jpassive and ininterested observer,-i ' nor in the' sordid sense of onie' plylng a galning craft, but in the' awful names of religion aid ilaw, Siand under a deep con.viction of youir respuiesibility., blefore iodl and niani, f?r'tlie use you severally make Sof the' oiportunities,'voitechsDafed to each of yoiu, for knowing and practising the lut is which they com maed, tealt yo, lhave' iiowv to enter upon that study. For it Is at once the 'earliest of those opportunltees, •and the mosiit' mmediateb of tlhose duties' :Do tIoet inflict so muic'h dislhlono'ur, in tieh eys of all:men, upon that holy Church, whlich permits you to cal! leer ,dther, 'as. t' imagine that sith"e ln see, :without ablorrenice of i.hei children's gullt, their indflbrence to tiioe welfare of the country, exompllfied in th$eir heedless Ignorance of Its laws. " Be aseured, that the great nmioraltrutlehs--imparted for your guidanco Sin l oe t y itEeemliigs amog;stGyoterselvest wer I ntended to direct you in al'tho irelations of life. If they are ;equal to thie.conduct of your personal conceris, they -imept bie al'to that, of tha ntation. Tisey bind at lat , strog? ;in r'?ardrof, tiles matters of great \- noment, a 'tidy' do in regardof tl;e smaller things entruitistedto you care'. ." teWre of the man, who sq ?,gictpn)dgalmgpq before yoet. Let him discourse pshe wil of doctrine; or utility, or interest. 'But be not;you;'deceived by words. If he refuses to: reduce the transactions of ;the'State, and 'the moral -relations of its citizens,- ,towards: it, and amongst .themselves,--to thie plain and simple rules of the Gospel,-if he sees, in other transactions or relations, more or less than right on the. one 'hand,. and wrong on'the otlier,-ithis tobeo shunned,-that toibe embraced,-you' behold a mis creant. in 'that inan,-and,if 'he teaches others so, a? seducer., ,The l]ove of country; is ,but 'a barren mockery .nandform,.in those -who do not place it at the head, of all their tenderest alffections, and thleir 'duty to, their country above all the duties which'they owe to, man. ':It Js not that I depreciate-far may Ibe I !from:depreciating-the nearer and closer ties which constitute the family. iThose are the'first obligations ; -the cngagements which lie next to every man.; and which he must satisfy, 'fully, and "with.all his strength, inorder to 'qualify himself-to undertake the performance of his duties to the' commuiity. B<ut; when the immediate duties have been dischar ged, and discharged they 'must be,-those more remote ones,-but not less indispensable, require,hiri turn, their fulfilment, and- require it in terms whicll brook not denial. Tihe love of country contains within itself all the charities.- and 'the duty to country; all the duties,-of' earthly life.' Let those which belong to household and to kindred 'be made the ground work. Let those to which your 'country prefers such claims complete and crown tile edifice " 'In the full perception of these thoughts, I now, briefly, 'and'fur the last time, recapituilte' the main outlines of the English constitution; :Yoti will bear them" in your minds, and improve them ;-in the interval whicll must elapse, before'we meet again, to 'enter upon a course of study, to which that whiich is now'ended, has-been, I tiust, a not unplrofitable in troduction." 