PUBLIC DINNER TO JOHN PORTER, ESQ. It lias never been our pleasing province to report a more unanimous public acknowledgement of the services of any member in or out of our community, than that evidenced by the demonstra- tion of yesterday evening, designed to commemorate the return to these colonies of John Porter, Esq., and to afford an opportunity for the expression of those acknowledgements on the part of the colonists, which " the guest of the even ing" so eminently merited. We would detail the history of Mr. Porter's con nection with this province, and liis subse quent exertions to protect and promote its interests, did we not consider that ,ve would be guilty of a work of superero gation when we are enabled to lay before our readers bis very able and satisfactory " account of his life and times," (so far as connected with the progress of Aus tralia Felix,) before our readers. The Dinner was held at Mr. Murray's, tlie " Prince of Wales Hotel." At a few minutes beforo seven o'cluck, the company, to (lie number of about 203, took iheir seals, his Worship the Mayor acting as chairman, supported on the right by John Porter, Esq., and Alderman Greoves, and on the left by Alderman Con- dell and Captain Macarlhur, of the Captain Ross. Alderman Bell and Ilenry Moor, Esq., acted as croupiers. The band played the National Anthem, the company rising and lending their vocal aid. During the banquet, the band played good selections. The tegulaiions of the stewards reflect no stnnll degree of credit upon them, whilst the viands, wines, &c.;, drew forth an uni versal expression of admiration for " mine host it was universally admitted to be second to no "spread" ever witnessed .in Port Phillip. Ilather more than an hour having been devoted to laying a " solid" foundation for tbo " cups which cheer," the cloth was removed, then came the DESSERT, consisting of all the delicacies of the season, ...u ...vu,u,i.£ ns iiiui.ii ?uuiiaiiiuii a 9 119 elder brother, the dinner. The Chairman in briefly proposing the first toast, said he felt sure that all felt their loyalty perfect, though at the distance which we were from the seat of the Biitish government ; lie was sure nil took n lively interest in all the great events which were taking place in the mother country — a lively sympathy with all that could affect our native land, and all the ardour and glory which surrounded our native land, he, therefore, called upon them to drink three timss three, " Our most Gracious Majesty the Queen.'' The National Anthem was then sung. The Chairman then gave, " Prince Albert and the Royal Fa mily" — drunk with all the honours. Air— "The British Grenadiers." The Chairman said, he was sure he was only exptessing the sentiments of all pre sent, when he said that the army and nnvy were entitled to our most cordial thanks , and unqualified approbatinn. The artny aed navy had raised the British name nnd British valour to the highest pilch in nil parts of the world, they had fought well and nobly, and we profited by what they had done. They were not, how ever, more distinguished for their cuurage than their humanity. Wherever they had succeeded in war, their conduct had inva riably been characterised by humanity to the vanquished, which had contributed as much to the glory of Britain as their valour. "The Army and Navy" was then drank i with all the honors. I Captain Colo briefly returned thanks on I belinll of the profession (the Navy) to I which ho had in his younger days be- j longed. I Tim Plitirmon in nrnnncintr fliA nevi Intel ! said that Sir Chnrlcs Fitzroy being daily expected, we might reasonably expect an alteration of policy with regard to this co lony, and the settlement of great and con stitutional questions which at present agi tated the district, more particularly the Squatting question. Sir Charles had already been accustomed to government, and it wits to be hoped would come amongst us unpre judiced, unprepossessed, nnd unshackled by any preconceived ideas, and without throwing himself into the hands of nny party. " Ilis Excellency the Governor" was drunk with all the honors. Glee— "Tho Red Cross Knight." The Chaiiinati hud much pleasure in pro- ' posing the next toast. He had frequently liad occasion to differ with His Honor on points of policy, and had had to publicly express his condemnation of his acts. He had ever lelt regret that liis Hounr had not exerted the powers vested in hiin, fur tho purpose of counteracting the pernicious in fluence of lite Middle District. But though he had the misfortune todilTer with him, ho would, fearlessly assort that liis integrity was unblemished, and that 110 one in tho com munity could lay anything to his charge ns n public oflicur, nnd lie believed lie also wished heartily well to the province. " His Honor the Superintendent," was n signal for a perfect hurrienno <>l hisses. The Chairman, in proposing tho next toast, adverted to his public otlice having imposed upon him n duty which he should wish had H£ii placed ill abltr hands; it was n; \aitlful duty, from a feeling that he j could not do it justice, — the duty «( proposing the health of their guest; He need tint point out the great advantages which Port Phillip or any other placn so far distant from tlto scat of the British go vernment, must derive from having an ad vocate upon the spot, not merely a man who could write or speak, but a man pos sessing a thorough knowledge of business, whose good sense was conspicuous,, and whose opinions consequently possessed this imprimatur to gire them currency; lie could find nu tcrin sufficiently strong to express tho vastness of those interests which pos sess the bosoms and exerciso the skill of persons of influence in the mother country. Our distance from lite mother country must at once make it appear how difficult it is to excite an interest ill those who in fact pos sess the government of our fine, huw neces sary this difficulty must render the presence of some competent individual upon the spot to ndvncate our interests, and stir up an interest in tliern for us, Mr. Porter had not only laid before tho government the' fjitiiu uiiu uuidiiiuiii; ui u mm) 01 business, but had also laid before them the capabilities of extending nnd improving the colony. Through his instrumentality asso ciations had been formed in the principal large towns of Scotland and England. When we contemplate our insignificance w-o must feel n sort of scepticism as to our legis lators, similar to that felt by tits philosopher wliencontemplating the universe, mid reflect ing upun the small spot which the earth oc cupied when compared with it. It vvnsn won der that we should occupy their attention, it was difficult to conceive that wo should ever possess an interest amongst tliem. Hie evil composition of the Colonial Office op posed a bar to the still small voice of this colony in that quarter. He trusted we should shortly see the dawn .of n better day. There was at present so fair a prospect of Separation, that no reasonable man could entertain a doubt of its being shortly obtained ; he trusted, however, it would be a separation only in territory, not in senti ment, he trusted unity would ever exist amongst us. If we would command the respect of other cuuntries, we must have integrity and honor in our public officers, mcderation and wisdom in our councils, and integrity in our dealings. This would be the best legacy which >ve could leave to the rising generation. Our children nnd our to regret in the example which we had set them. The speaker after passing a high eulngium upon Mr. Porter, remarking, that he had villified no one with whom he might happen to difler in politics, although he had had occasion to bring their conduct and sentiments freely under the notice of tho home government, proposed "The health of John Porter, Esq.," which was drunk with nine-times-niiie, and tremendous cheering. Glee — " Weel may the boattie row." Mr. Porter in returning thanks for the honor which had been conferred upon hiin, said — Ma. Chairman Vice-chairman and Gentle- at en — In rising to acknowledge the very flattering compliments paid me by your chairman, on this, to me, intereting and unexpected occasion, in testimony of the humble efforts made in support of your interests during my re sidence ia tbc Mother Country, which almost overwhelms me. It is exceedingly gratifying to me to think that the honor conferred upon" me emanates from so large a body of gentlemen (a great many of yon my own personal friends, ) in the colony; whilst it comes (ree nnd untainted by party spirit and has its origin in no other lett ing but that of a desire to benefit your adopted land. In being thus called upon to give expression to my sentiments, I trust that you will bear with inc while I tuke n review of what is passing, more particularly at home, with occasi onal reference to what may be made subservient to the colony, and without any desire that my suggestions or my opinions should be taken as your guide — they will be given you unbiased by interested or selfish motives, und divested of nny intention, either by high colored assertions, unne cessarily to elevnteyour hopes, or, by gloo ny fore- bodings to blast your expectations. The first question that my attention is naturally directed to is. the gratification I leel in congratulating you on the improved aspect ol the affairs of the colony, while from the great and varied resources it is possessed of, n gradual augmentation io all its branches of industry must unquestionably follow. It is pleasing nnd gratifying to observe that tbe balnnce of trade is so favourable with the mother country, and that wool, its great staple commodity, continues to reward the labours of those enguged in pastoral pursuits. Never, bow. ever, in the history of Great Hriiain, was the trade of that country in so satisfactory o state as it was in the years 1844-5, nnd it must, therefore, be attributed to that cause, namely — the demand for your wools, that you have been placed in the prosperous state I have had the gratification to find you. The employment of the labouring classes, that the Railways, now a great national interest, have given rise to, places them in a position that enables them, with case, to buy a woollen dress, which they prefer instead of a cot ton one — and hence, so long as that demand for labour continues there is no danger to be appre hended from wool falling below a price that will yield a fair remuneration to the grower. It is true, and this fact must not be overlooked, that from the superior manner in which the Australian wools have latterly been got up, together with the care raken in their classification, have contributed to give them a standing and position in the home markets, which wools from our other colonial possessions have not yet arrived at— und If this I care ond classification is persevered in, will go l fdr to support the character they have now acquired. Iu all this routine of calcula tion and management, it will necessnrily ! force itself upon -your attention that o system of ! economy must still be pursued, nnd keeping in | view that periodical derangements take place in i trade you will discourage land speculations or j any other speculative jobbing on objects foreign to | your knowledge, your experience, and vour in terests, while by the aid of that experience, which we have acquired by pihsiug through the severe ordeal that overtook the Australian colonics four years ogo, the effects of which are gradually disappearing from the land, I trust all future transactions will be regulated. In making allusion to Australia more especially, I have no intention to exclude oilier portions of our colonial possess tuns being n! he subject to these | temporary derangemeuts and jobbing, or, in short, j it appears to be a truism in order to insure even- | tual succe-s, in founding communities, that they j should undergo the Grtkai of dUir.ietiuu I lor a while tbut a certain provision of nature may he gratified, for " out of evil there cometh good." I remember well while iruvelliug in the United States of America, duriug the year il836, when the mania for land speculation was at is heighth, precisely the same results followed ns they occurred here; but they were even on a greater scale of magnitude than yours were, in | proportion to the resources tf the two countries, lor, be it observed, that several States of the Union ere still saddled with heavy debts, which were repudiated for n time, while you have none, un»l consequently there has been no necessity for repudiation. It is pleasing to me to think that so much bus leen dune iu the improvement of your town (which must be uttributed to tbe active exertions ol our worthy chuirmau nud tho other gentlemen who compose the Corporation,) in the general tone and socio! state of your society, nnd the degree of magnitude perceptible in casting my eye over Melbourne compared with what it was two years and a half ngo, when 1 left the colony. It is also satisfactory to me to make reference to the progress made in agriculture, nod the bene ficial results that have contributed to place that interest in a sound state. X doubt, however, the policy of extending your cultivation much beyond your own wants and of the markets around you, for, be it observed, you labour under great ond insurmountable disadvantages compared with such countries as the Unite ! States, Canada, nnd the ports of the Baltic. You bavo in the first place to contend with the high prices of labour — in the second place you have to contend with the high rate ol freight, insurance and other charges— and you have to contend with distance which precludes you from supplying h market, however bare it might be, when you receive the accounts here, is immediately token ndvuntage of by the particular countries I have alluded to. Though last, not least, you have another disadvantage to contend ogainst. namely, " Repeal of the Corn Lows," upon which public opinion is gradually proclaiming their admiration and confidcnc in Sir R. Peel's great and comprehensive policy with a »iv»» iu uutniutu, iuiuu-u iuc gi tin «»iij ucccssivjr of reform, n relaxation ol duties on all ike neces saries of life — and we, ivbo are now here present, miglit as well attempt to dam up Bass's Straits, or shut "the windows of Heaven" ns attempt to dam up the current of public opinion in the mother country against the measure being successfully carried through all its stages, for as nu ancient romnn author has it " vox populi tor Dei," the voice of the people is the voice of God. Adam Smith very justly observes In his admirable work,- on Political Economy and the Wealth of Nations, that "Taxes on tbe necessaries of life are a curse equally on tbe barreness of tbe earth and tbe ioclemency of tho weather" — such indeed .a man# cl. d |4.ap. m. 1.am . . i.aa 9 UUII . OH XV. . CVI 9 ||I llvjr (JUS began n little late in life, as it is (hat of every en lightened statesman, — and a disposition is now landing to the necessity of abolishing the customs, at one fell swoop, nnd substituting a direct pro perty tax, omnia non paritir rerum sunt omnibus apta — or in other words, " all things are not alike suitable to all men" — What will the consequenca be! we should have such nn accession of grain pouring in train the United States, from Canada, ami from the ports on the Continent ns will leave you little chance of competing with them, unless you are pro vided with cheap labour, and this I regret to think will be more difficult to procure than seems to be anticipated here. To show you how very important the acquisition of the maize crop of the United States will be to the poorer classes of Great Britain, I was travelling from Liverpool to Manchester a short time before leaving Eng- land, in the same carriage with Mr William Brown, of Liverpool, who is largely interested in mercantile pursuits connected with the United States, and one of the unflinching advocates of the Corn Law League, when the conversation naturally turned to the political aspect of our affairs with America, the advantages that would result to the two countries by a free exchange of commodities, and among the statistical facts eluci dated from him. — I was surprised to find that the maize crop, was the greatest and most valu able of the whole, exceeding in magnitude that of the great cotton crop. There ere other disad vantages and discouragements you will meet with in providing labour which it is but just to communi- cate to you. The first is the calamity that befell tbe Cataraqui at King's Island, on Iter voyage to this plnee with emigrants, an account of which appeared in all the leading papers in the mother country, spreading like wildfire throughout the agricultural districts of the three kingdoms, and exciting a degree of commiseration and sympathy not easily expressed. It will take tonte time to lorget this circumstance, nnd consequently it will operate against you. The second is the distance, and there is no disguising it, that proximate countries, liko the United States and Canada, arc preferred, from the facilities afforded there of ac quiring land, the physical advantages of tbe Alinf»y, nrsA tho nnnamtHing aworvta m«.lG Ly republican institutions to encourage emigration. The third is tho demand for labor at home to carry out tbe lines of railways that are in con struction and to be constructed, which are posi tively endless, and no calculation can therefore be formed when they will cease— my own opinion is tbat.notwithstunding the temporary check they have received, they are yet in their infancy, and will occupy the country for centuries to come. Rail- ways, with steam as an adjunct, instead of super ceding labour, is more essential to the prosecution of that great object, now a great national one, than It was wont to be when turnpikes and their four- in-hand were hailed as the most expeditious mode of transporting persons from one point of the country to another, that human intelligence could arrive at— now they are scarcely to be seen except in connexion with some railway or ano ther. The repeal of the corn laws, and the con sequent demand that must spring up for labor, with a view to drain and improve the land, by which the landed interest of Great Britain will be enabled to compete with foreign grain, is a most serious obstruction in the way of your ob taining labor, and I can conceive no measure so calculated to produce a great revolution in the social system at home, as this repeal will natu rally create. The English laborer is not so mi gratory an animal as the Irish or the Scotch— he has local attachments, which neither of the two just alluded to have, and upon the whole there fore, cheap bread with correspondingly good wages will keep him at home. Well, as to Scotland, we have no hope of any great accession from that quarter, for they have an insufficiency of labor for their own wants, and have been import ing it from Ireland for her railways and her manufactories, inasmuch, that out of a population of a little more than three hundred thousand which Glasgow now contains, there are upwards of forty thousand of them Irish. In London, in Liverpool, in Manchester, and other large towns, they are also accumulating in the same proportion. Ireland, being the only hope for you, there, too, in my opinion, you will also experience difficulty ; for be it observed, Sir R. Peel's policy is changing for the better in that direction, os it is with all sound thinking politicians. His object, in short, is to introduce railways on an extensive scale in Ireland, by which employment will be afforded to the poor and their condition improved. His object, moreover, is to endow colleges for the purposes of education, and by these means in tended to avert the calamitous events that have so frequently disturbed some of the remote counties of that unhappy but ill-requited country. There is another most serious disadvantage you will labor under, which checks emigration to this colony, viz , the price of your land, and as the minimum rate of 20s is supported by those capitalists and asso ciatiuns who obtained grants, and the purchases they have subsequently made throughout the whole of the Australian colonies, it will be difficult for you to bring forward such an amount of interest as will set at rest the ar guments that they make use of in support of a high price being maintained. I may men tion, as a suggestion, that in the event of my anticipations being correct respecting the ditii- cuhy of procuring labour from the mother country, that a supply suitable for this colony might be set on foot from Madiera. On my pasasge out by the Captain Ross, I landed there, and having spent a short time in conversation with an intel ligent Portuguese gentleman with whom I had the pleasure of meeting in the United States, I made some enquiries regarding the population, and whether they were adapted for this colony ; the result of my enquiries being n thorough conviction of their suitableness for the description of labour required here. 1 found them, in short, to be a sober, industrious, nnd intelligent people, who speak LengJish well from the frequent intercourse they have with England, and I may add, that they are a superior class of Portuguese to those I have met with in other parts of the world. To show you that they ore adapted far our colo nies great numbers were emigrating tbc West India Islands, where they have given ample satisfaction. They would assuredly lc a more preferable set of persons, in point of utility and morality, than either the expirees of Van Diemen's Land or the sweepings of the Gaols and Penitentiaries of the mother country. 1 may mention that I brought with me one of the natives of the Island; an intelligent lad, and he is a living evidence of what I now assert. This, however, I must inform you, cannot be effected without the concurrence of tho two Governments —the English and the Portuguese; which I pre sume, upon proper representations being made through your Delegate, would be easily procured. Tho population of Madiera is about 140,000, and from the disposition manifested by them to emigrate to the West Indies, they would be readily induced to come out here. They are principally, if not altogether, engaged in the ciltv itinn of tho vine, and would, no doubt, from this circumstance prove a valuable acquisition to Australia, In giving you my sentiments thus freely, I have no wish to discourage you in the grand endeavour to attract emigration to New South Wales, far without which no interest would prosper, and the colony would suffer by it. On the contrary, I give you these suggestions if they are found worthy of consideration, with a view to stimulate you to further exertion, in the hope that success will ultimately crown your cflorts. There is another subject, however, I may ns well briefly allude to, which is, in some degree, contingent on emigration; and the hints that I shall give you are the result of my own observation during ray residence in the mother country, at a time when little else was talked of by all classes— not ex cepting tbe ladies— I refer to Railways, and, of course, to those contemplated in this country. You are aware that the Railways in France revert to the Crown after the expiration of, we shall suppose, a contract extending over a period of thirty-eight or forty-one years. The application of this system coulu not so easily be made nvnila- utiv'«ii| iui viiia ivasuu, muv iuuic are few Crown Lands undisposed of ; whereas in France a considerable portion of the country is still in the hands of the Executive. Here, then, in this country, there is a field for a similar experiment being made; and without hazarding an opinion whether it would be more beneficial to leave them to private enterprize, as in England, or encourage monopolies for a time, until your country is more matured, I think that if the Railways were contracted for, by capitalists at home, they would go far to insure the introduction of labour for the purposes of their forma tion,— ond the British public knowing that such was the case, they would tbc more readily embark the amount of capital required If the consideration ol this point is lost sight of, and you attempt to introduce railways without providing a commensurate amount of labour, you will create such n demand out of the legitimate branches of our industry, that no foresight we are possessed of could possibly anticipate the disastrous results that would follow. In saying thus much, I have no intention to question the propriety of pru dently introducing railways into New South Wales ; but tbey require, at tbe sama time, the exercise of judgment. It is a well-known fact, thai the greatest profits derived from railways ure from passenger traffic, nnd without which the rail way interest of Great Britain nnd other densely populated countries would not be in tbe prosperous state it is now in. I have been informed that wooden rails ore intended to be made applicable in tbe construction of your railways ; this is artaiuly an apparent saving, but 1 don't view it in that light, notwithstanding their use in some countries, Lccause the first cost of tbe iron would not involve an outlay of more than five per cent, on tbe whole omount required, a id it is more durable — tbut, at least, is the calculation made nt home. You are, also, probably aware, that iron rails are made to last 35 years on those lines where the greatest traffic takes place, nnd nre two»sided ; after the rails h ive been in use for a period of nine years they ore reversed, the one end being mode to take the place of the other— and f»om the resistance afforded by the fibres or grain of the iron, when replaced iu this manner, they are con sidered good for another nine years, making together eighteen : after which the ruilsnre turned over, and the side that has been resting on the ground for the eighteen veurs made use of in n similar way, I have also to congratulate you on the minerals that have been discovered in South A ustralia, and on the coal and iron stone that have been found here in some localities. Doub.fos? the characteristic features of New South Wales are sitnilur to those of Adelaide, and there exist mines, though yet unknown, of tt great fertil ity und richness ns those gradually and substantially developing themselves, it may be said, iu our im mediate neighbourhood. I shall, in the next place, briefly allude to the great interests of the colony, namely, " the squatting interests," and congratulate you on the successful resistance made here end at home against the introduction of a set of measures that must have been destruc tive to all classes. The local resistance that they met with, will, doubtless, do you good — ot all events it will convince the authorities in Downing- street that you will oppose, in a constitutional manner, any law that may be founded on ignorance and attempted to be carried out with dogmatism. The change that was made by Sir IL Peel in transferring a settlement of the New Zealand question into the hands of tbc Board of Trade, leads me to the belief that the cumbersome and imperfect machinery of the colonial office will in time be swept away, and that a constituted board of control, with a view to protect the increasing importance of our colonies, will be established in its place; in which case, there need be no ulurm felt that a set of measures, anything so unconsti- tuiionul as those attempted to he forced on our North American colonies, which led to a dismem berment of that portion of our possessions— (I allude to the independence and subsequent greatness of the United States of America)— being attempted with Australia in tbe present enlight ened stata of public opinion at home. It is gratifying to observe, (bat a highly influential body of gentlemen in London conveyed to Sir Charles litzroy their confidence in his appoint ment to the sacred trust that must devolve upon bim oo his arrival at Sydney,— and that they have so fully expressed, themselves, in the memorial presented by them, their sentiments on the mo- mentous questious that agitate New SouthWuIes, which, us far as I am ublo to judge by the very imperfect glance I had of the Putr/Vt on Wed nesday, coincide with my own views unJ opinions. In alluding thus briefly to (he squatting interests, I look forward to your speedily obtaining a separation of interests from New South Wales— and, hence, it is not likely that the squatters wdl be disturbed for the present, or that uny law will liu passed until it has had the advantage of local discussion, by a representative government duly established in Port Phillip. J congratulate you, moreover, on Lord Stanley being super- ceded at tho colonial oiiwe, by the appointment of the llouorable Mr Gludstonc, who is well spoken of, und doubtless from bis practical know ledge of business, we may in er tbut he will give field to our representations— tbut in short he will treat us with more courtesy than liis predecessor did, who from his petulance and obstinacy of character, was totally unqualified for the im portant trust tbut was reposed in imn,aud having been thrown overboard by both parties of poli tician!, reminds me of the time when Ddatal O'Conuell, in the House of Commons, in one of his satirical invectives on his duplicity, poiuted at hiin, us he sat deserted on the benches, and, giving him one of those withering looks peculiar to himself, pathetically fomented hiin us 44 the last rose o: summer left blooming alone." Jt must not be forgotten, however, amidst the jarring of party feeling, that the political economy of 6 government can only be carried on by a due distribution of its expenditure, pressing equally on ull its conflicting interests— und the squuttera must remember, that having an important stake in the colony, they are culled upon to contribute liberally to every measure, that has for its object, the improvement unJ advancement of the colony. It i3 gratifying to me to ibiuk that so much bus been done by you, in the wuy of eventually securing to yoursehes separation, and you have ndoptad by your umnimity of design, tho only tucans of guaranteeing you success, namely, that of oppointing n delegate, from whom much may be expected, nnd through whom nil your grie vances will, in due time, be represented- I have said so much in favour ol separation, nnd of tho advantages that would result to tho colony, in some of my letters, which tho Press did me tho honour to publish, that I shall not say anything further, premising that tho liberal expressions made use of by Sir George Gipps shortly t stare leaving the colony, together with the interest taken in your welfare nt home, will go far to insure the prayer of your petition being grnntcd, while less opposition will he offered by the local legis lature of the middlo district, if, per adventure, instructions have arrived from the authorities at home to keep the accounts of the two districts separate. In dwelling nt such length on the ngrirultuml nnd pastoral interest of the colony, it will be expected, that nn interest so closely identified, in fact, inepnrnldy connected with these, I mean 11 tho mercantile," should not lie overlooked— it is exceedingly gratifying to find this body in such a prosperons state, and that all transactions nra conducted on n legitimate basis. In olluding to this, I may express n hopo that the obstructions that prevent forge vessefo reaching your wharf, nnd creating that delay ond Incon venience necessarily attendant upon discharging nnd loading cargoes nt Hohson's Boy, will soon be removed. This is n matter so seriously affect ing the interests ond prosperity of Melbourne, that I nm not without hope that it will receive the nttention of the community, nnd that we shall soon see the largest vessels that visit our port, nt the bftsin of the Ynrrn, and thai docks nnd other conveniences shall, in due time, be formed. It is gratifying to find that your manufactures ore progressing in the same proportion to the prosperity in which I have found you und among those that are starting into existence a "7 luaiiiii utiiuuinciuiy, i uui |>ieU3CU iu think; lot not been overlooked. Gentlemen, in ngain returning tlutnks for the very unexpected honor thus conferred upon me, I beg you will accept of my wnrmest thanks nnd ocknowledg. ments, nnd since you have been pleased to npprove of my humble efforts for the promotion nnd ad vancement of the interests ol this colony, daring my residence in the mother country, I assure you that the compliment nosv paid mc by sucli nn enlightened and intelligent company as I nosv see around me, nmply compensates me for the little trouble I have taken in furthering every measure calculated to improve this beautiful province, u province which has risen into existence us by the wand of an enchantress — when we reflect that it is only a few years since that the wild and untu tored savage roamed free and uncontrolled on the very spot where this princely building now stands, at once an ornament to the town and n cicuii to inc enterprising proprietor, it excites no small degree ol astonishment. This, contrasted with the present state of the district, distinguished by the rapid advance it has attained in the arts, sciences, and civilisation, is alike gratifying 'o all, and has its origin in the habits of industry and perseverance excercised by those who have left the land of their birth to better their cona tion, nnd promote civilisation. All the grandeur and greatness of human art at which we look with praise and wonder, nre instances of the resistless force, of that well-directed perseverance nnd in dustry I have just alluded to, which forms a prominent feature in the character of Britons. It is by this that the quarry becomes a pyramid, nnd that distant countries are connected by steam— by, in short, those wonderful improvements in modern times — railways. If we were to con trast the simple stroke of a pickaxe, or of one impression of the spade, with the general design nnd final completion ol some stupendous under taking, we would to overwhelmed with a sense of their disproportion. Yet by those petty opera tions incessantly continued, in the progress of time the greatest difficulties are surmounted — mountains are levelled — railways are formed — stenm, the great agency of civilisation, is pro moted — oceans are bounded and traversed — tbe wilds even of this country are reclaimed — and finally, the whole are rendered subservient, ond made to minister to tho wants of man. In con- elusion, gentlemen, you mny rest assured that the compliment you have this day paid me, will not be forgotten when I shall have returned to Eng land, nnd will have the effect ol stimulating me still more to devote nny spare time I may have on bund, ond the little ability you have, by the pre sent demonstration in my lavor, been pleased to npprove of, John Porter, Esq., proposed " the Delegate Archibald Cuninglinme, Esq., in connection with the Pustorai, Agricultural, nnd Commercial In terests," drank with three times three. William Westgnrtb, Esq., iu returning thanks said, Mr. Chairman nnd Gentlemen, — I have the honor to appear lor the important in terests that n.e ivolved in this toast. 1 shall not, however, occupy your time in returning thanks to you for the cordial manner in which you have oil received tbo good wishes of our worthy guest for your own welfare. I shall therefore merely follow up the observations you have just heard by a few additional remarks, I hold in my hand a memorandum consisting ol a few words and figures, representing on the solid basis of statisti cal fact", tbe progress of Australia Felix. I take tbo liberty ol reading these notes to the company, they refer to an interval of ten years, namely, from 1 0'IG to 1845. " Population ol Port Phillip in 1830, 237; in 1841, 11,800; in 1B46, 33,000. Value ol exports in 1836, nil ; in 1841, £157,069 10s. ; n 184G, namely the shipping season 1845-45, just ended, estimated nt upwards of £400,000." And the population of Melbourne in less than ten years had attuined to 11,000 souls, 'l itis is n progress which exceeds that of any other , colony, us fur as his come under my notice. Still, however, I should not be carried nwny to assert that wo ore us yet nny other than a colony of moderate pretensions. It is in the future that wc musi boast; and judging from past experience, every individual now present may yet live to see Australia Felix n great colony. I beg to couctudc, Mr. Chairman, with the hope that such mny indeed prove the case. Mr. Mollison, us an intimate friend of Mr. Cuninglinme, ol many vcurs standintr. relumed thanks lor the honor which had been conferred j upon his friend, he wished ho had been present, ! not only would lie have been gratified for the enthusiasm which had shown itsell in the present meeting, but it would hnvo stimulated him to in. creased exertion ou lehnlfof tho colony, and well timed, would be the (aintcst echo ol the en- tliusinstn which had this evening manifested itself. He deserved our synipathy.it would add to his exertions on behalf of the colony. Tbe object of bis friend was lie was quite sure to udvocuteall iotcrcsts ulike, to buluncc them nil ns nearly es possible. ( 61 r. Coppin here favoured tho company witb a song, Ilenry 6Ioor, Esq., in proposing the "Port Phillip Mcmbets," said— The toast, would admit of little beioc said upon it. From the smallncss of tho number of our mem bers in the Legislative Council, it could not he expected that wa could derive much benefit from them. Whilst the antagonistic spirit of the Middlo District was so strongly developed, our trifling bjtid of six could nut ensure success. But until we huve u domestic legislature al our own, and God knotv3 the time is not far distunt when we shall be able to boast of that desidera tum, the people ol Port Phillip bavo little to bopo from the tender mercies of New South Wales legislation. 'I hey take our money nnd give us but little in return; but amidst ull these injuries Port Phillip, alike in the winter aud summer ol tbe prosperity of the Middle District, appears somehow or other to bo u bright spot for theni to look to. Neither can we forget that tbey select the Speaker (or their house from amongst the Port Phillip members— and having sent down a bar rister to us to leurn bow to be a judge, ilieu tuke htm back again to teach litem law ; to, tbey tuke a Speaker from amongst our members to teuch tbetn the duties of their assembly. Therefore, instead of proposing the toast of tli-j members of Port Phillip, I shall propose — "The health of the Speaker, and other Port Phillip members." — (Cheers ) Alderman Condcll, in returning thanks, said that lie had been in tho full cxpcctutlon of seeing ona of the members for Port Phillip present, but such not being the case, ho wns induced to supply, in tbe present instance, the vacancy. Ho would, therefore, ns having had the honor of having once been n member ol the Legislative Council, in tlto name of thn " members," return thanks for the honor done litem. 61 rC. G. Burchett in proposing " E. Curr nnd Sepnrntion," said — 61 r. Chairman and Gentlemen, — I bavo been honored by having intrusted to me to propose a lonst which all hero will delight to honor. I can only regret (but its introduction has not fallen into the abler hands of one, wbo was expected here, to hare done it justice ; it is expressed earnestly nnd tersclv in the words "A speedy Separation to Port Phihip." To urge you to exertion to this end and object by statistical detail, comes not witbin my purpose, nor within tlicfscopeof my present ability, this tins been done already, and I should merely become the echo of better statements snd of more acute researches. The most mighty argu ment tbnt I hear in opposition to Separation is a quotation from a worn out copy book, that " Union is Strength this may do oo the other side, for a man dt ttblicss feels strong in union with his hand in his neighbours' pocket, but truth is not to be obscured, nor is justice to bo insulted by the transparent ghost of a seedy proverb. There has b.-en latterly n small quarrel about the border police funds, in wbiclt wo nil know tbnt Sir George pcttiiltly committed himself to the principle of " Financial Separation." I do not mean to ap ply nny epithet other than in tho jocular spirit of ufter dinner politic, but we all know the old adnga " that when somo hodest people fall out, other honest people come by their own." And so da wo enlist Sir Gcorce. nn old soldier, as a new recruit under tho banner of separation, nnd after this eyeing tho separation shilling, we shall soon hear of his looking sternly honest with separation ribbons in bis Albert hat, In associating witb this toast (ho name of Mr. Ed ward Curr, wc ouly convey a slight but grateful acknowledgment, tbat his exertions in our cause are not forgotten, his industry is not unbelieved and his ability not unrespeated. Now I may, be allowed to direct your attention to the neces sity ol nn untiring application to this work — by reminding you thai /tours so far as earnest progres sion in truth and fact is concerned, areas valuable ns days were to the last generation — we have seen in our own day tbo power of combination that it is not merely n (able abaut n bundle of sticks, but is n truth, which, with any honesty of purpose, mny not be gainsaid. Take heart then and your success sliull be as sure ss your purpose i« linns'Qt ( ("Minora \ Mr J. H. Ross, in rising to propose the toast of The Corporation, kept his hearers in a perpe tual roar of laughter, from the commencement to the termination of his remarks — he said, Mf Chairman nnd Gentlemen — the toast I am about to propose will, I am sure, be received with every respect, and meet with ns much justice Irom you, as tt is proposed with pleasure by me ; " but 1 be.tr a friend in my right band quote Sbakspearc, telling me to leave off my damnable grimaces, and begin" (luughter). Tbe toast which I have to ietroduco, is generally a goad introduction in itself — not that I would allude particularly to any individual, but I think you will ogree with me that u good jolly corporation is no bad indi cation of happiness and prosperity, (Laughter.) 1 believe it is just four years since the corporation of 61elbourne was called into existence, and when wo look to tbe state of affairs then, we find that in 1842, wo were as the Poet Burns says, "skelpittg on through mud and fun," whereas wc are now wulking upou a solid foundation, (laughter). It would be wholly useless lor me to enter into the origin ol corporatioos— tbey era of great antiquity, and were in vogue with the Romans— llovendon, one of the ablest authorities on corporate mutters says, that it is the fault of burgesses, having tho most effective system of popular representation, if their affairs are no( managed ns they wish. The 61clbnurna Corporation, however, had in its earlier days, difficulties to encounter, never met witb by other Corporations; it was established by the introduction of a crude Act, calculated to throw it into every species of difficulty end entanglement; und therefore I think that the Corporation has not only dono welt, but dona wonders, and is certainly, 6Ir Chairman, entitled to their due, and the devil himsell is proverbially entitle I to that (roars of laughter). Tbe Corpo ration, too, we must recollect, bad no (at in early life, it was obliged to work, nnd got no turtle (laughter). _ It bus, I repeat, done well— nnd will, I hope, continue to do well, and receive the sup port and respect of the community. Tbe greatest feather in its cap is, tbat it has received nn assis tance from Sydney, ns this district had received none from the mother country At tbis hour I shall not enlurge any more upon our 61unicipal Institution ; but I have olten regretted that the Corporations of England have not the same Judi cial powers as those possessed in Scotland. In England it is merely the 5Inyor and Aldermen; with us it is tbe Provost and Baillies— and the Provost is no sinecure I can assure you, for he sits in a handsome chair (laughter), end enters into and decides as many iuita as his Honor the Resident Judge; nnd when he'a on tho Bench he'a called " 61y Lord" (laughter), end that sounds rather important (laughter) ; the others, the Baillies, ore inferior creatures (laughter). Perhaps it may not here be out of place lo dwell upon the profound knowledge the legal acumen nnd learned research for which " my Lords" have been justly celebrated (hear, hear.) 1 will just tell you an instance which came under my own knowledge. A person wbo was iu the possession of a couple of kangaroos (he had got them from Australia, I suppose) entered a certain borough (I'll not mention tho name) where ho was desirous of showing them— ho took a room, where he exhibited them nt so much per head, nnd succeeded very well, (laughter) but the window was opened ooe day in his absence, and out jumped tbe kangaroos. The showman was not inclined to put up with the loss. and thought ol legal redress— ha had a good rction, and tho case came on before " my Lord," The complaint was stated with all the earnestness andoloquenco the man was capable of— and after " my Lord" (laughter) had duly weighed the merits and law ol the case in his mind, he told the unlortanato plaintiff that he bad not used due precaution— lor lie had not cut their uiings ! (continued laughter). But said tbe plaintiff, they tiro quadrupeds — I know that says " my Lord," but peds hero or petit there, you should have dipt tbeir wings, so I dismiss the case, (uproarious laughter). This is one illustration of the acumen of n magistrate — now I will give you another (luughter und loud cheers). In another borough, a man was brought he- fore tlie magistotes for stealing a barrel of herrings— the mau acknowledged the theft, aud " my Lord" consulted with his learned brethren, as to the most leaient sentence that could ba passed — and after consulting for somo time, said, that as they had had no common executioner in the borough lor n very considerable time, end the duty of tbe executioner being also to scourge both rogues end vagabonds, tbey appointed tbe man to tbo office, (laughter.) This the man accepted, and thanked the magistrates for tbeir lenity, llut these times ore rapidly goiog by, and such titles and situations nre being ntoro ap propriately apportioned. However, il you im agine that such titles are invariably conferred on men ol education, you are very much mistaken. A commercial traveller was driving into n borough in Scotland, and saw a man skinning the carcass of a dead animal that was lying ia a ditcll on tho road side—" you infernal scoundrel," said the visitor, "what are you doing there? leave off that work or I'll take you this moment before the Provost," I don't care a farthing for yau or your complaint," replied the skiuuer, " for 1 ?tn the Provost mysel' " (renewed laughter.) But I atn not sure 1 aught to let (ho English escape, (laughter.) Not long ago n poor wnmnn was taken beforo a magistrate fnr vagrancy, nnd in answer to some nf his worship's enquiries snid that her child hail the small pox twice and died', to which tho magistrate snid, " pray my good Woman was it upon the first occasion that the child died," (great laughter.) However, I will now give tlte toast which is dcdicntcd to " " lite Moyor and Corporation"— three times three. Glee — " Mynheer von Dunk." '' Tho Chairman in returning thanks regretted that he was not enabled to follow in the facetious footsteps of the proposer of the toast, if Ito could lie would, but if he were to attempt.it he was quite ture he would fail. He fully concurred in the observations which had fallen from the Inst Speaker, that the well working ol the Council principally depended upon the burgesses, i they did not send proper men into tho Council, tlicy certainly hail no right to complain if the Coun cil did not work well. Mr Coppin here favored the company with a comic song. Alderman Bell, here rose to propose the next toast, which was "the Clergy of tho District," and .ibid— we hat! met there that evening to do honor to one who had dons much scrvica to 1'ort Phillip, and nooo knew hitter tlinn himself how inde fatigable that gentleman- had been in his endeavours to promote the intcrrsts of this pro vince ; but at the same time there were other interests of a higher order to consider. The rapid increase of the population, and the inadequate iinmbcr of the ministers of religion, rendered tlinSp ihitSoQ mnsf nrriitmta tvliilcf <>11 Itn fall na. iured, would admit those duties were most satis factorily performed. The clergy were our advisers in life, nnd our comlort in death ; lie had, ..therefore, great pleasure in proposing, " The Clergy of the District," drank with three limes three, 4 Song — " The Monks of Old." :i Henry Moor, Esq., in proposing the next toast, expressed n wish that it had been placed in other .thands, ' He was sure the chairman would be ready ito admit that the question of the Press was n j ticklish one— it possessed so many points within itself, and raised tlte backs of so many parsons, that he should havo been glad to shy the question s if possible ; independent of which, he sow himself i; surrounded by so many persons connected with tbo Press, that lie felt a double degree of trcpida- | lion on the occasion, So far back ns 1G94 the £ fwAArlrtm nf thn Prnsfi \vn« RPPMPDiHiu l)l« Pnrlininnnl :: of that day ; it refused to continue the restrictions £ which had hitherto been thrown around it, and ; from that timo to this day it has been tho mighty jfengine for the udvaocemcnt of literature, science, anil freedom. There is certainly n great tribute J due thut engino which has obtained the primitive 1 objects of the happiness of the inhabitants uf this t world. Tint it hus promoted the cause of civil i end religious liberty, of public und private frec- 1 dam, none will doubt. The Press with all its mighty powers hus done and worked good, not only | amongst the particular country in which it has I circulated, but bos conferred a similar degree of I benefit on all civilized nations. It has done more I good than all the Crowned beads in the universe. It ' reared the liberty we see in England, and expelled i despotic power, it has tuughi the subjects to t Know tueirrtgnis, antt Knowing tnem, to inatutatn '1 (hem. The speaker then referred to the fact of tbo Press hsvtng mainly contributed to the ob- r mining tho Catholic Bill und Refurm Bill, and he a would refer to our honored guest nf thcuveuiog as an instance of what the press was capable of uccom- . plisbing. Mr Porter had unquestionably done much good, and the press had enabled oim to i achieve much. Although it was not in his brief, j he must say that he considered Mr. Porter de- : served from us some more substantial maik of our ' esteem ; sorry should he be to think that all his 1 trouble exertions, aod expense, were to be found j centred in the proceedings of this evening. S TIia Prpus with nivil and rtdininns Ithi>ri0"_ ' was drunk with three times three, i Thomas M'Combic, Esquire, in returning ' thanks, said— Mr. Chaitinan und gentlemen, — It -|is with- no ordinary gratification that 1 have nj heard the toast so ably proposed, ami so cordially | received ; because 1 lid that, nt a political dinner, lithe Press, as it is the most powerful political en- gine, should have its merits and uses ticknow- Hedged ; and when I luok around mc nnd see tlte jtnlenl und respectability of the district, I confess Itltat 1 should have gone away disappointed had it Jlteen omitted, Tho Stewards have exercised u j-wise discretion in coupling it with civil nud religious liberty; for I am not vain enough to suppose that it \- is to any individual commuted with the Press that the honor is paid — the toast conveys far more : — It is to the noblest institution of our hallowed fatherland, whose name is the watchword of poli- tical freedom— it is to the Press, sa the acknowledged organ and expounder of public opinion, as the Magna Charta of British rights, the bulwark of British liberty, that the honor is paid; and 1 am far prouder to see the Press and civil and religious liberty thus honorably acknow ledged than if the highest honors and compliments had been paid to its conductors. And when we reflect on the vast improvements the Press has been instrumental in bringing about, and the benefits it has conferred on man, every person will confess that this honor has been well earned. We as Britons know that our Press has van- quished oppression in every form and in every phase of society — it has been to the whole world the Herald of peace and civilization — it has awakened tbo rays of genius and the enthusiasm and noblest emotions of poetry and romance slumbering in the human mind— it has fenced in the poor man with a protection more powerful than the law itself could afford, for its reports force both Judges and Magistrates to act with discretion —it has shown the kingly ruler his prerogative and the subject his constitutional right, and said to each, "thus far shall thou go, and no further" : it has exercised u censorship over the conduct of Kings and Governors, Legislators and Magistrates, and they dare not act dishonestly ; and had Bacon sat on the Bench in those later days, his name would have been untarnished us u man, and his fame brilliant as a scholar and philosopher. The peri- odical Press has been the means of civilizing and improving tho minds of all classes, more particu larly of the humbler ; — it is fast promoting the ascendancy of the intellectual faculties, and crushing the more vicious tastes. To show what the Press has done for us, let us turn our eyes to despotism, where the Press is lettered ; the poor are termed serfs, and maintained in the vilest ignorance, and under the heel of a military des potism. No book or letter is allowed in Russia until it has been read by the Censor, and the introduction of any printed sheet or book contain- ing liberal opinions is prohibited. There the will of one man is the law ; in our country the real power is centered in the people ; the liberty of the Press secures to every free country its poli tical privileges, and is more- dreaded by tyrants than hostile fleets and armies — it has led to the preeminence of Great Britain in the arts, in com merce and wealth— it has carried her flag victorious , over every sea, where it is respected as the un- conquerable flag of liberty. Did we want a Press, we would want ihe means of communication which bring lite most distant events into our clotet- In ancient times, before the discovery of the art of printing, or rather of u fabric un which to multiply impressions, tbo best informed men could only learn facts and the state of a country by going and visiting it ; a person could not have acquired much information even if ull his time hud been given to study. Had we no Press we would lose our time in acquiring the most ordinary in- formation about what is passing, or remain in ignorance ; but the newspaper contains ihu reports ol the legislative, legal, and ecclesiastical courts— foreign news, und every kind of intelli gence, nnd by means of exchunging, u regular luterehungo of ideas takes place. 1 he periodical Press thus daily circulates countless thuusunds.of sheets diffusing knowledge and intelligence; new thinkers daily come into the regions ol thought, snd arc fascinated with the intellectual stores so richly opeucd up : nud therefore we will find that knowledge will progress, und our printing press is a gusraatce against any dark age wbca the light ol literature would he quenched, nnd mankind re trograde into darkness and barbarism. The Periodical Press of tho present day includes amongst its contributors men of the noblest genius and the most exulted sentiment ; some of them havo perhaps broken down the barriers of igno rance, and ofter struggling for education, have fought their way up the difficult ascent to repu tation, or even to fame, and taken their stand side by side with tho noblest dignitaries in the land, in legislations, or the professions ; in a land of liberty like ours, where talent is admired and rewarded, the poorest may, by perseverance and honest industry, ucquire the very highest station. The greatest men of the day are proud to convey their sentiments und opinions through the medium of the press, and we will find our ministers nnd political leaders constant contributors to the cur rent periodical literature. With regard to our local press, it is satisfactory to observe that its tone is gradually improving, nnd when the diffi culty of conducting it on it current principle in tni« cmnll v ia Anneiil.sf<» discredit — the more reputable tho press is, the higher is its tone and tba more refined ure its sen timents. (lie lienor it will he for the district ; the press is the mirror in which other countries nnd other times will view us, nnd (orm their opinion of us, nnd surely there lire public grievances enough to be redressed without our turning our batteries on each other; let all open to obtain what tvo require — thero are innny concessions which we must have, many local wants, many reforms in the whole system of colonial govern ment. This district has been particularly hardly now a respectable press is far more likely to do good than a licentious or abusive one ; n colonial minister in Britain takes up one of our journuls, nnd im article on n vitally important question of coloniul government comes before him, if the article he abusive he throws it aside, and the abuse has the effect of preventing him from glean- ing wltut information he could from the article; hut if thcnrticle he written in a fair and moderate tone he rends to acquire local knowledge, and II conviction of the truth flashes on his mind, he says, 1 don't know who this fellow is, but he says if I do so and so, such a consequence will ensue, and I think he is right, and I will be guided by the fellow's advice, he might not use the term fellow, but it is not unlikely, if n proud man, ho would think it quite gnod enough for any one in the colonies. The colonial press and the thing like justice from the home government. Years of misrule — the increase of dissatisfaction and murmurings in the whole of the colonies has not opened the eyes of the government at home to the folly of ruling such a dominion by one man. The Culouia) Secretary ol State puts me in mind of n man playing on u had violin — the whole com pany laugh und jeer ut his silly perforninnecs, still he scrapes away ut Canadian waltzes, Enst Indian reels, nnd Nov Zealand and Australian polkas ; tho sound ia the opposita of musical, hut we can moke no better ol it, anil he plays on, hut we huve to pay the piper. Tho government is a despotism— it is true we have religious toler ation, but our constitution is a mockery— we have not political liberty— I am against democratic license, but on the other hand I would not have a despotism, 1 would steer clear between the two, nnd have a wise and liberal representation, not in a mock house or council, but in the imperial legislature itself, and 1 hope the dny will soon come when u change for tho better will arrive. 1 cannot teke my seat, although I hnve already trespassed for too long on your time without stating that I hope the example given of thinking the press in connection with civil and religious liberty will be continued, and make its conductors more anxious to guard the liberties of the subject from invasion, and them free and unbiased in expressing their opinions ; when it takes its stand on just ground, no engine ever put in operation equals the press, nothing can withstand its batteries ; it is to the moral world what Captain Warner's shell was to tho physical. And 1 cannot do better than hope that all the intellectual denizens of tiiu district will use the columns of the newspapers to communicate their opinions on the leading topics of tho day, and take nit interest in the local polities. In conclusion, gentlemen, I thank you for the honor you have done us. Aldermun Grieves, in rising to propose the next toast, said thut it wus a subject on which there was some difficulty to offer any remarks very apposite to this particular occasion. But when I'ort Phillip shall gain a verdict in that great cause in wliieli our honoured guest has proved himself so zealous, disinterested, nnd successful nn advocate, both the bench and the bar will gain something by the motion. His Honor the judge was accomplished, dignified, and firm; to pro priety of private life, lie u. Med u profound know- ledge of Its profession. But His Honor would gain something by Separation, It would surely ho belter ti he Chief Justice of I'ott Phillip, freed from tho trammels of the Sydney bench, than Resident Judge of the Southern District ; und if his Honor did n t think so, he could only- say he was not so good a judge tu ho thought he was. For the oilier portion ol the toast, " the Bar," ultltough n3 o body they had not done much lor Separation, all will admit that they linvc been no "bat" to it; nnd when separated, however strongly Sydney demur, they will not he likely tu udvUu u reioiudet. Of the gentlemen comprising the Port Phillip bar, he would say that n class more distinguished for learning, eloquence, ability, for unimpeachable integrity, and right down good old English gentlemanly feeling, was not to he found in the whole world. Though too late to descant at mtieli icngilt upon r-cpr.ratton, yet the sentiment recals another closely connected with the legal profession. 'I he speaker then adverted to the relative sums voted fur judicial expendi. lure fur the Sydney und Port Phillip Districts being in the proportion ol 7 to I , whilst the popu lation was only in the inffo ol 3 tu I. With u Local Legislation ol our ov-n — with n Govern ment on the spot — such a stale of things would not be allowed to exist for r. week ; not it tiny would elapse before it set about to purify our legnl codo Irom inconsistent, useless, arbitrary laws made lor a different state of society, imme diately would ho inude large improvements in the means nf administering justice ; more able Courts of Qu trlcr Sessions would bring justice home to every mail's door; extended Courts of Requests would simplify the rno-lc and diminish (he cost of recovering every inuii his own ; that let tile subject nf litigaffon, tho tardituss of officials, would no longer affect the titles to our land — it least n stcuiid Judge would shite a portion of the high and solemn responsibility of the Bench. Thu higher lono thus given to the profession — the increased objects of laudable ambition — the spirit of emulation which was certrin to ho promoted — the addition of members ; lie would not say of higher, hut the increased access of gentlemen ol high attainment?, would surely he beneficial to the whole legal profession, and therefore of ultimate benefit to the whole public ol the province. He had much pleasure in proposing," The Bench and the Bar" — drank with three times three. Vadasi — Messts. Coimin und Siiff .lt. llcnry Moor, l'.sql, in returning thank?, re- gielted that the members of the Port Phillip Bar manifested e repugnance nnd had ever Jnacso, to exhibit themselves on occasions, such ns the present, a disposition which even npp. are I to have extended its influence to the J u l.re himscll. J . II, Ross, E«q. briefly propo.-ed, " I ho Chair man" — drunk w'ntuhice times three. '1 he Mayor in returning thanks for the honor conferred upon him, made some observations relative to lite comments whieh had latterly been mndu upon his official conduct. It would, perhaps, be indelicate (or him to enter upon such al the present time, whilst such a diversity uf opiuiona? to his eomluci existed, ulihcugh he would say that there was no tribunal before which he would more willingly submit his public conduct, tliuii a clo-s ol unhtnsftd, unprejudiced, ge .tlcmcn, such as those present. Mr- Smith here favoured the company with a song- Mr Burchctt. in proposing the next toast, said — Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, — Wo are here to exhibit our respect for the energy and ability of one who Ita? striven in a good cause. This I lends us naturally to reflect upon the chief causes whieh incite to action ; nnd whore shall a man find any so effective nnd so valuable, ns the ap proval of weman ; for there he receives not tlte cold elaborate npproval of lite head, hut the kindly generous sympathy of tho heart. He is cheered, not driven — he is encouraged to honest exertion, by, to quote the words of n living author, " n melody softer than the dropping leaves ol summer, when the birds ore singing In them." Mr. Chairman, I give you, " Mrs. La Trobe and the Indies of Port Phillip." " Mrs La i robe ami and the Ladies"— drunk three times three. Mr Campbell in returning thanks ndmitted his inability to tlo so, tn consequence of there being no Indies present ; it was impossible for him to tell how they might feel had they been present, and ns ho lelt hound to place himself a; nearly cs possible in their position, he begnn to feel over Ul'tliv;? IIU IMI'I U OVIUH IIILU II \YU3 II very difficult mntter to return thnnlts for the 11 honor," inasmuch ns he w&s; of opinion Umi the meeting only did honor to ihf Iridic?, by drinking (he toast. However, he joined cordially in the tosist, wc were nil ownre of their influence, but he wonhl leave that to the domestic scenes of married life. Most of those present were doubtless in the hubit of coming in contnci with the ladies daily, but bud they, like himself, been in the hush lor eeven years, tbey would feel the "influence" seven fold, lie felt so overcome, that he would conclude simply yj ».>u)U'»g ....... .»«>, ..w» ...v, nuuuur, uui igr justice dune to the ludics. Alderman Hussell fiiiid, Mr. Chaiimnn gentlemen, tho torst I huve now the honor to propose H one, which like ' good wine requires no bush," tt being the health of our worthy ViceChniimen. These gentlemen are Qlrcody so well known nnd esteemed, tbnt for mo to recapitulate tho r mnny good qunlities in this assembly, would be superfluous, suffice it to sny, 1 believe every one will agree with me wben I 6ny, that for the fulfilment of suoh duties rs at present devolve upon them, no better could have been selected, ond trust they moy long lo spared to preside over similar happy occasions to the present, I hove much plciure in proposing " The Vice Chairmen." "The Vice Chairmen" was dcunk with three times three. TiHienn iu i»eu iviurneu winnics, ami was nappy to find that their exertions to promote the har mony of the evening had i..wt with approbation. Mr. Westgarth, in proposing the next toast snid, it wm one that was new in this district at a public meeting like the present. The energy in enterprise of a private individual had introduced the subject of Australian exploration to the rank of one of the standing toasts of a public entertain ment. His tonst was, "The health of Dr. I.eiclmrdt, and success to Australian Discovery." The name of this traveller was now prc-cminentlv associated with those of Sturt, Mitchell, Byre, and other celebrated explorers. With the small party that accompanied him, he had solved the great ond interesting problem of the route lo Car pentaria, nnd Port Essington, and this arduous and nrotraclcd iournev was Irauphc with rp«nh« nf Lho hightest importance both to (bis colony and to Grent Brituin. It could scarcely be doubted but that in u very short space of time the vast soli tudes lately traversed by Dr. Leichnrdt would be overspread with the live stock of the eufrprising colonists, exhibiting numerous squatting settle- ment?j and a busy and cheering scene of postora! commerce. Air. Coppin here fuvored the company with o comic song. Peter Ingles, Esq., proposed ' the Guests of the Evening." Captnin Macrthur, one of the guests, rose— hoped the rough profession to which he had been urougutup would plead his excuse, and deputed Uohert Porter, E?q.. to return thanks on his be half, who spoke us luBows:— Mr Chairman and Gentlemen — It is with considerable pleasure I rise to acknowledge, in the name of the guests, the kind manner in which the tonst now given has been received, us well ns on the part of myself and of them, io return the stewards of tins meeting our warmest thanks for giving us an opportunity of meeting on (Ids interesting occasion with such an intelligent | and respectable body ol gentlemen as uro now assembled around this board. To one of the guests, this must in n more than ordinary manner ben peculiarly gratifying scene He lias just left the great Scotch emporium of wealth, com merec, and enterprise, ami where lie lms no doubt front hi? habits, pursuits, and acquirements taken n prominent part in the busy, active, and eager struggles which distinguish und characterise the denizens of that L.'e hive of industry. It must he gratifying for him to know, that though he may have felt this scene endeared to him by eorly associations, nnd where nil in connection with mercantile pursuits is carried on onn ?c«le of magnitude, only inferior to the metropolis of the empire, it must, 1 say, begruti'ying to him to find that the change he hus made, is not into some dull and desolate part of the globe, but that in the small town of Alclbourue, only now in Its iufnr.cy (comparing small ihing9 with great) a portion of that enterprise, in 'ustry, and activity which is visible in the great city of tbo West, he may here perceive the gcims of future greatness, nnd reflect that when u generation or two shall had passed, and its resources he fully and exten sively developed, it mny throw iu influence over (lift li :ilti In I tli> izlnliD nmi nirtDw i Ito /.i>i>nn ivirli ita commerce. And even now when looking around this room, were he only surrounded with the brilli incies wltich modern invention has supplied to o illuminate the s u ! o o 1 1 3 ot home, he miglu fancy himself feasting amongst the friends he hus lelt behind in some gorgeous department of his father's hall?. There is another guest, who for the first time has visited this portion ol her Ma jesty's dominions, and to whom this meeting must abo he n source of gratification; 'ii? Its (the perilous) duty to tread the mountain wave, und when lie is onco more upon tho waters, yet once more, and the waves hound beneath liitn like a steed that knows its rider, he may in his solitary hours on the great deep, reflect with plea-sure and gratification upon this evening's enjoyment — and when he has re.tehed his native land— the land of the mountain and the flood— he may tell the wondering thousiud, that here where the uncivilized blacks, the kangaroo, tho emu, and other wild unimuU were only to be found, the short period of ten years since, tint he had sit down with such u respectable assemblage under such uuspiuious circumstances— ami that the grassy fields of Port Phillip, that lor centuries huve been dormant and unproductive, are now studded with the busy settler, und the materiul of the very coat they are wearing may be the pro duce ol this pruvincc. These things reach home through mere hearsay, nnd ure presumed to originate through interested motives. Hut Mumped with tlu authoiity of such an inteiligeut pirson us ('nptaiu Mucarthur, they will force their bciict upon wic m st sccpucui ami incicuuious. For my»t.lf, u new colonist, hut who has fre quently niuco my arrival Hero had the pleasure o! mixing 111 slK>') companies, 1 have ulso to express the satisfaction 1 feci ut being present ot thu meeting, in tho capacity 1 now Hand, ih your guest. I liuve not made myself much acquainted with tho political ulfairs of New South Wulcd, hut tiny one who has, for better or for worse, located himself iu this beautiful province, must be ' dull us the fat weed that rots on hcthe'd Banks' if lis look no interest in the great, tho paramount question which nllccts so seriously the financial intcrcsu of this province, and although we frequently hear Irom our northern neighbours, the sullen growl and hollow murmur, like a Hon being robbed of his prey, but which are of no more avail tluu the feelings of a child, or the rustling of the breeze, let us still persevere undismayed uud undaunted ia our efforts for separation, " With hearts resolved, and hands prepared, Our rights, our liberties to guurd." Mr. Campbell had a tnnst to propose, which I would unite and apeak to the hearts of all. He did not intend his toast to he drunk in parts, hut ns u whole. If tho rose, tho thistle, nnd the shnmroclc wcro beautiful individually, lum much more so must they be collectively. The toast he hnd to propose was— 41 Our lather land, with the rose, the thistle, nnd the Shamrock" — drunk with three times three. Air— "The Campbells are Coming." Dr. Jamieson, in a speech full of spirit, re- < turned thanks. At this moment the Chairman left, and Henry Moor, Esq., wos voted in by acclamation. A considerable party having remained until the "wee hours" enjoying the " feast of reason and the flow of soul, "daylight warned them that it was time to depart to recruit for their accustomed avo cations, and the purty broke up highly delighted with the rational entertainment which had been afforded them. 