REPORT OF THE AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY' OF NEW SOUTH WALES FOR 1844—1845. The British and Foreign Bible Society, established in London in the year 1 804, and to which this has been an auxiliary for the period of twenty-nine years, is one of the most extraordinary institutions of the age. It is distinguished, in the first place, by the grandeur of its object — that object being to put all nations in possession of the knowledge of Divine Truth, as revealed by God himself, through the medium of inspired men, of men who spake and wrote as they were moved by the Holy Ghost: so that, wherever its operations extend, the various families of mankind are. furnished with the means of becoming acquainted with the character of the true God, and Jesus Christ whom lie hath sent; and of escaping from the darkness, the guilt, and the pollution, of idolatry and error of every kind, into the light, and purity, and happinesss, of the Sons of God. Secondly. This Society is distinguished by the simpluity of the means which it employs for the attainment of its object. These means are the universal circulation of the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments in the various languages of the earth, without a single note or comment attached to them. What can be more simple — what more sublime ? God's Book is sent forth alone, committed to the care and keeping of the indi viduals into whose hands it is placed ; not a word is said in exposition of its sentiments, not an effort made to enlist it on the side of any one of the numerous sections into which the Church of Christ is divided, no authorized interpretation of any of its announcements accompanies it ; but silently and alone it is issued — strong in its own evidence, in the truth of its own statements, and with the firm confidence that that God, from whom it proceeds, will take it under his own care and guidance, will apply it to the hearts of multitudes of its readers, will prevent it from returning to him void, and cause it to accom plish that which he pleases, and prosper in the thing wherennto he has sent it. It is because of this simplicity of the means employed, that Christians of all denominations have been enabled to unite in support of the Bible Society, without any compromise of their particular principles, and to conduct, from year to year, those operations by wmch it is enugntening and blessing the world. This Society is distinguished, in the third place, by the great success which has attended its operations. During the forty-oue years of its existence it has issued from its stores no fewer than 6,404,897 Bibles, and 10,475,939 Testaments, making a total of 16,880,836 copies of the Scriptures, and this at an expenditure of the vast sum of £3,122,515 16s., voluntarily contributed by its friends and supporters. During the last year alone the issues of the Parent Society have amounted to 915,811, while the expense incurred thereby hasoimounted to £85,817 15s. 9d., the Society still being under engagements to the amount of £42,000, or upwards. This vast amount of copies of the Scriptures has been cir culated among many nations; for this purpose tbey have been printed in 138 different languages or dialects, and of these 108 are translations which were never before printed: thus fur nishing the Word of Life to those in whose tongue it previously had no existence, and thus causing the stream of Salvation to flow where formerly all was arid, and barren,, and; desert. Besides the amount of benefit conferred on mankind by the Bible Society, its success has been marked by the number and the character of its supporters : it is patronized by kings and princes ; the highest dignitaries of the Pre tes taut Churches have enrolled themselves among its office bearers; many of the nobility of Britain have flocked around its standard, and men of every Evangelical communion in various countries are zealously engaged in promoting its interests. In England the president is the Right Hon. Lord Bexley ; its vice presidents consist of twelve Bishops of the Established Church, besides seventeen Peers of the Realm ; and its committee, of gentlemen of well- known character and piety, belonging to different parts of the Christian Church. The different Auxiliary Societies in England and Wales alone amouut to 2,991, and at their various anni versaries the lovely spectacle is exhibited of men throwing off: their denominational costumes, and, as the followers of Jesus, harmoniously pleading that cause in which they have a common interest, and by which they themselves feel that they belong to the one fold which is under the one Shepherd. There is a fourth feature by which the Bible Society has been distinguished, and that is the opposition with which it has met from various quarters. The most determined and persevering of its enemies have been from among tbe Roman Catholics : they, although professing to derive their religion from the Bible, have put forth the roost strei uous efforts to prevent its circulation by this Society. In different countaies, where they have influence, they have employed that influence in a variety of ways . Popes have published bulls agaitist it ; Bishops bave written letters to their clergy ; the clergy have gone among the people and warned them against receiving the book; in many instances where they have discovered it to be in the possession ojF any of their flock they have forced them to give it up ; and in cases not a few have proceeded to the daring length of burning the sacred volume. Another class of enemies has consisted of men of narrow minds and sectarian spirits, who have exalted their own system above every other, and who, although professedly Protestant, would deny to others the privilege of reading the Word of God for themselves, and of exercising the right of private judgment. But not the least numerous class, of those who have impeded the progress of tbis Institution consists of those who, bearing the Christian name, are totally indifferent to the progress and triumph of the Christian Religion — who take no interest in the spiritual welfare of their fellow creatures ; and while one betakes himself to his farm, and another to bis merchandise, are perfectly contented to allow the world to remain as it is ; and superstition, and idolatry, and imposture, and wickedness, to spread desolation among the souls of men. Such are some of the great features which distinguish the British and Foreign Bible Society ; with the exception of tbe third, they belong also to the Auxiliary of New South Wales. Whilst it cannot boast of great success either in the Bibles it has circulated, and tbe numbers by whom-it has been sup ported ; its object is the same, its means of accomplishing it are equally simple, and the opposition with whichrit lias met is of a similar character. Yes, your Committee are grieved at tbe active opposition of some, and the apathy displayed by all bodies of Christians, towards this noble Institution. There are ftto vHh'8 standbVit thrSiligh good fc&brt; ahfl through Uhd, hbt : rifisefi ftitMs holdhyStt ffdfriilke h'eiies&r; 'CxPhnsic incurred in Carrying it fin; the rhiii, of the DCboslterV, inli rakbs, ih Bdirie Vchrt have Wdre tWh chdSdlEiehoVe Mduht ttifeA h> Vbliiiithty dohttfbutibh, dfbilit VhFSeht atic to thh Pirent Sctiety aCcdtenlates Who, notwithstanding, still continues liberally to supply us Viitfi thfefr various editions of the Word -of God. How disgraceful to all classes of Protestant Christians in. this colony. N o wonder that the eneimas. of the Bihle shouid 'tnUtattn, Syhfen thCSe Who profess that' the Bible, Shd the Bible 'duty, is 'their Veligion, treat it \ritft feo tnhteh iiheCttterh; and take so -little pains to prCmoth Dlirlhg thfe llaitVWO ybars the number Of- copies of Scriptures issued from the Society, is as follows: — In 84 BiWs......l83 Testaments . 277 460 In 1845 BiblCs.. ....780 Testaments . 205 388 The amount received from these sales in 1844 was £57 I'O 0 In 845.... '38 18 0 . . .. £96 18 9 While the subscriptions for 1844 were jg42 16 S$ 1845 .... 44 13 '6 '87 9 9j £183 18 6 j Frbtn thesereceipts we halve been enabled to transmit to the Parent Society only tWo shins — one in 1844, of £-70, and the other ih l845-:-£80. A few nlOnths ago your Committee received from the British , arid Fbi'eigh Bible Society the large grant of 1500 Testaments! and '500 Biblesfor the uSe of the Sunday Schools in New South Wales, to be distributed according to their discretion. Tliey invited applications to be made, by public advertisements, and according to ah 'equitable rule of division, they supplied every, applieant Who Hvere within the limits of the grant. The distri bution' bf So'riiany copies of the Scriptures among the youug, We earnestly hope, Will 'be themeans of stimulating the patrons and supporters of such schools to renewed diligence and exertions, -and of extensively benefiting the rising population of our edldriy. Tile Com tnittee Woul flhi os tear n es tly ' urge upon all who value the ficripthres 'as the Wbrd of Life and Salvation, and who claim to themselves the privilege of triakiiig it the " man of their cdiihSel," the dnty that lies upon tHein of endeavouring to put 'it into the possession of every nation and every family. The responsibility that lies upon them to do so is great and untransferable : and by neglecting it they are chargeable with the guilt of hiding the treasure which is intended for the enriching of the world . and of interrupting the course of that riirer which is to bear life, ''and health, and peace to all nations. The Coiiftnlttee knoW not how tljey can better conclude their rbp'oft, than 'by quoting part of a speech delivered by -the Bishop Of Chester, at 'the last arinual meeting of the Parent Society, held ih 'Lbnddn, on the 7th May, 1845. After, remarking that tlie Sbhiety " is open to persons of all creeds, and that no tests are repaired," lie- goes on to say My Lord, this'may be literally true ; but, in my opinion, one of the. strongest tests that «ah be given is required of every member of this ' Society : it is required of him, that he be willing, tp circulate the Bible without note or comment. It is asked of liim, Have you so much confidence in the Word of God, that you can trust it with all Who will receive it, believing that .it conveys those truths that will lead — through the Spirit of God, which, as We' believe) accompanies its faithful reading, — Will lead the reader to salvation ? And again, have you so miich love, so 'much desire for the salvatiou of man, that you . are witling he should find that salvation, either within or Without the pale of that particular branch of the great Christian Church, to which you individually belong ? This test I con ceive to be applied to every oneWho becomes a member of this Sbciety ; and I know not that any truer, stronger, more Scriptural test can be'devised. It certainly will not be sup posed, my Lord, that'!, to whom there has been entrusted, in tfie rrovide'nce of God, the important office of ordaining those who shall, interpret Scripture, —it would not be supposed that I 'should undervalue human teaching. I am Well aware that is common, in the order of God's Will, that where the Bible is .! admitted — -where it finds its way— there shall also be placed those who may teach, enforce, and explain the Bible. Neither, again, my Lord, would I speak slightingly of creeds, or articles of ifaitb. I believe them, in their proper place, to be highly useful, and I know thby have the sanction of the highest aqtiquity ; but) at the' same time, my Lord, I do think it Very important that' We should— and that there Should be a Society which ddes— both' 'maintain the sufficiency, and declare the pre eminence, of the Bible' itself. We too well know that there are cbuntries in which those who interpret the Scriptures do, in truh, pervert them to theii own purposes: that "the priest's" lips, " which " should keep knowledge" "for the benefit of the people, keep it hack for their oWn interest. We know that tere are countries whbre even the cfee'ds and articles, instead of' being' safeguards 'to the truth, are the' vehicles of error : and, cofi6equently, 'we are agreed to think it well that this Society should he cbnstaiitly furbishing proofs of that, Which it is most strange, tli'at men should ever haVe doubted or denied, but which, nevertheless, in these strange days, ftos'beeh disputed and denied,— that the Word of God " is able to make men wise nnto 8alvatidn through faith which is in Christ Jesus." And I regard this, even if I had no other, as la most important reason why X bou(.cl move tlrit the Repbrt be circulated as Widely as possible : therefore, my Lord, I will cohclude with p'ro- posir, that fW Forty- first Report of this voluntary association of persons, united 'in 1804 to print 'and circulate the Bible. iO.ay be made knovjn tlfrough 'the'ehcy of printing; and I desire, and earnestly pray, thai grace may be With all those who so untte to print-ahd circulate it. .' W » "i» mm The 'Armt.— TUe 65h Regiment.— From information re ceived at the head quarters 6f the 85th regiment, Stationed at Brompton Barracks, it is the intention of the Government to- send the Whole of this fegiment out to Van Difetoietfs Land, together, Instead of "drafting theta uff as cofivict guards. 