FOUNDATION AND OPENING OF CHRIST'S COLLEGE. TASMANIA. THIS institution was opened on the 1st instant at Bishopsbourne, in the neighbourhood of the township of Longford, in the district of Norfolk Plains. A very numerous and respectable attendance of visitors were attracted, to witness the ceremonies of the day, which commenced with prayers, the Rev. F. H Cox, follow-elect officiating in the College Chapel The prayers having been concluded, the Venerable Archdeacon introduced the Warden, the Rev. John Philip Gell, in the following form. I, ritihorbiri Adams Marriott, in behalf of our Rights Iic\Lii>iul I'atlierm God, Frauds Russell, Lord Bishop of this Diocese, do hereby) induct line, John Phillip Gell, into the seat and office of Warden of this our College, dedicated to our Saviour, Christ. Be thou always zealous for the honour of His holy name ; he thou diligent in teaching His iloUmic : be thou voting and unable towards them that are farmers in this HUiool, and so come to an eternal reward hereafter. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Warden then took his seat in the War den's chair, and proceeded to nominate the fallon s and scholars of the College, and having invited them to partake of the Holy Communion on the succeeding Sunday, addressed them in a long, earnest, and elaborate address, in which having first explained that the College had been called after their Saviour Christ, because that name was permanent and enduring. He then entered into an eloquent description of the objects of education. The pursuit of learning he described as a restorative process especially pleasing to him who descended to rebuild the ruins of our first parents. Physical science might yet regain the pristine perfection whichenahkd Adam to tell the number of terrestrial creatures, and to call them by their names. Moral science had yet to unveil the mysteries of self knowledge brought down from heaven to earth by Hun whose name the College bore, and the more perfectly the scho- lar and the man of learning pursued the duties of his vocation, the more nearly would he approach to the resemblance of him But their College would not only connect them with him, but with each other, because the members had room and opportunity to think, to counsel, and to ask, each according to the ability and author tity vested in him for one common end. He addressed himself particularly to the Fellows of the College, associated with him in its government as advisers and helpers to the scholars elected to enjoy special benefits, and to fulfil special duties, and the students to whom no special privilege or duty belonged, beyond the privilege and duty of study and self improvement, and amongst whom were those whose superior diligence or ability would here- after mark them out as the successful candidates for special preferment He congratulated himself that the office of the two Honorary Fellow s of the College had been accepted by two reverend gentlemen of attainments sohigh, and of zeal so long tried in the promotion of the best interests of the institution He also exhorted the Divinity Fellows in confidence and hope, with powers as yet untried, and examples before their eyes, to which they could attain by nothing but persevering dili- gence- and care, they were early called to a station of trust and authority. If divinity, the first and chief of all sciences, were to prosper in the diocese, it must be by their pains and study. The scholars had also a duty to the Institution to perform, font was chiefly by their learning and excellence of character, that they must endeavour to support its name, and make it what it ought to be-the principal seminary of sound and religious learning in this part of the globe The large subscriber, the able advocate, the active tutor would not do more in his peculiar essay to give the college its proper standing in the world that the dell gent and persevering scholar. The Reverend gentleman concluded his address by an earnest acknowledgment of the zealous efforts of the friends of the institution, both in the colony and at home, in the foremost rank of whom he must place the name of Sir John Franklin, whose interest and exertions in the good work from first to last had been in- reserve The Warden having concluded his address, the Archdeacon, clergymen, officers, fellows, scholars, and students of the College, proceeded in procession to lay the foundation stone of the new College Buildings. Prayers having been read by the Rural Dean, the Reverend gentleman proceeded to make the following gratifying statement of the affairs of the Insti- tution: 1st. It appeared, that from statements laid before the trustees on the previous day, September 30, an estate had been purchased for £5000. 2nd. That the sum of £3000 had been paid as the first instalment of this sum, leaving a balance of £5000, bearing interest at 6 per cent. ford. That the cash in the banks at the present date to the credit of the trustees, amounts to £365, and that Mr. K. Gunn has received instructions to pay 500 on account of Sir J. Franklin to the trustees, making a total of £85 towards the reduction of the debt. 4th That a sum of £1000, it is presumed, still remains in the Westminster Bank, and £000 from S. W G., amounting altogether to £1000, against which the venerable the Archdeacon can draw when necessary for the payment of the above debt, and when official intelligence has been received from England as to the exact amount placed to the credit of the College. 5th. After the payment of these various accounts to the Bank of Australasian debt will still remain on the estate of JC353,"I, bearing interest at 6 per cent., to be paid on or before 1st July, 1848. 6th. To meet this, the trustees hold bills and promissory notes to the amount of £2003 towards endow- ment funds-also £420 towards clerical scholarship and _":!U0 Archdeacon's scholarship making a total of -2713. 7th That further subscriptions towards a medical and police magistrate's scholarship, amounting to 170, have been promised. 8\. A statement of the College having been laid before the trustees, impatience that the sum of a"MI will also be available towards the reduction of the debt on the 25th March next, making a total of £3383, to meet a balance of -"3535 due to the Bank of Australasia e, so that the additional sum of 1472 only is required, payable before the 1st July. 1848, to clear the estate from debt. The Rev. gentleman then proceeded to lay before the Archdeacon the income account, which stood tims :- > s s. Rents due 25th March. 1828 (I Bishop's subscription. 100 0 0 Hartnoll 5 0 Hull.;. 2 2 0 127 2 Deducting interest which the trustees have to pay the nett income of the College at the present time exactly amounts to the sum of say 150. He then alluded to the strange coincidence that it was exactly this week three years, when the old College was declared to cease and the grant from Government withdrawn, and that now precisely the same income was forthcoming through the liberality of the friends of the Church. He then laid before the meeting the manner in which the income of the College was appropriated for the current year ; _ s. d. Interest on debt due 25th March. 150 0 Warden, six months. 150 0 Sub-Warden. 100 0 0 Divinity Fellows 45 0 0 House Steward. 37 100 Kent.;. 63 15 0 Agency, Acres.... 72 7 Printing . 500 Building Fund . 150 0 Improvement of College property, assess. ment of land. 75 0 Une moiety of Schoolmaster's Salary. 25 0 Probable balance in favour of the Trustees . - on 25th March . 508 8 "1427 0 The accounts were then handed to the Archdeacon who having pronounced a prayer, concluded the proceedings of the day in a long and eloquent address, on the advantages of educational establishments founded on the' principles of the Church of England. 