PICTURES FROM ITALY. By Charles Dickens. London, 1846, Bradbury and Evans. THE GAME OF MORA AT GENOA. THE most favorite game is the national one of mora, which they pursue with surprising ardour, and at which they will stake everything they possess. It is a destructive kind of gambling, re- quiring no accessories but the ten fingers which are always — I intend no pun — at hand. Two men play together. One calls a number — say the extreme one, ten. He marks what portion of it he pleases by throwing out three, or four, or five fingers ; and his adversary has, in the same instance, at hazard, and without seeing his hand, to throw out as many fingers as will make the exact balance. Their eyes and hands become so used to this, and act with such astonishing rapidity, that an uninitiated bystander would find it very difficult, if not impossible, to follow the progress of the game. The initiated, however, of whom there is always an eager group looking on, devour it with the most intense avidity ; and as they are always ready to champion one side or the other in case of a dispute, and are frequently, divided in their partisanship, it is often a very noisy proceeding. It is never the quietest game in the world ; for the numbers are always called in a loud sharp voice, and follow as close upon each other as they can be counted. On a holyday evening, standing at a window, or walking in a garden, or passing through the streets, or saunter- ing in any quiet place about the town, you will hear this game in progress in a score of wine shops at once ; and looking over any vineyard walk, or turning almost any corner, will come upon a knot of players in full cry. It is ob- servable that most men have a propen- sity to throw out some particular number more than another ; and the vigilance with which two sharp-eyed players will mutually endeavour to detect this weak- ness, and adapt their game to it, is very curious and entertaining. The effect is greatly heightened by the universal suddenness and vehemence of gesture ; two men playing for half a farthing with an intensity as all absorbing as if the stake were life. From the same city he brings a graphic scene. STREET SKETCH IN GENOA. It is not unusual to see, lying on the edge of the tank at these times, or on another flat stone, an unfortunate baby tightly swathed up, arms and legs and all, in an enormous quantity of wrapper, so that it is unable to move a toe or finger. This custom (which we often see represented in old pictures) is uni- versal among the common people. A child is left anywhere without the pos- sibility of crawling away, or is acci- dently knocked off a shelf, or tumbled out of bed, or is hung upon a hook now and then, and is left dangling like a doll at an English ragshop, without the least inconvenience to any body. I was sit- ting one Sunday, soon after my arrival, in the little country church of San Martino, a couple of miles from the city, while a baptism took place. I saw the priest, and an attendant with a large taper, and a man and a woman, and some others ; but I had no more idea, until the ceremony was all over, that it was a baptism, or that the curious little instrument was passed from one to an other in the course of the ceremony by the handle — like a short poker — was a child than I had that it was my own christening. I borrowed the child after- wards for a minute or two (it was lying across the font then) and found it very red in the face, but perfectly quiet, and not to be bent on any terms. The number of cripples in the streets soon ceased to surprise me. Dickens excels in the portraiture of houses. Admirable is this of AN OLD HOUSE IN GENOA. This sequestered spot is approached by lanes so very narrow, that when we arrived at the custom-house, we found the people there had taken the measure of the narrowest among them, and were waiting to apply it to the carriage ; which ceremony was gravely performed in the street, while we all stood by in breathless suspense. It was found to be a very tight fit, but just a possibility, and no more, as I am reminded every day, by the sight of various large holes which it punched in the walls on either side as it came along. We are more fortunate, I am told, than an old lady who took a house in these parts not long ago, and who stuck fast in a carriage in a lane ; and as it was impossible to open one of the doors, she was obliged to submit to the indignity of being hauled through one of the little front windows, like a harlequin. When you have got through these narrow lanes, you come to an archway, imperfectly stopped up by a rusty old gate— my gate. The rusty old gate has a bell to correspond, which you ring as long as you like, and which nobody answers, as it has no connexion whatever with the house. But there is a rusty old knocker, too — very loose, so that it slides round when you touch it —and if you learn the trick of it, and knock long enough, somebody comes. The brave Courier comes, and gives you admittance. You walk into a seedy little garden, all wild and weedy, from which the vineyard opens ; cross it, enter a square hall like a cellar, walk up a cracked marble staircase, and pass into a most enormous room with a vaulted roof and whitewashed walls ; not unlike a great Methodist chapel. This is the sala. It has five windows and five doors, and is decorated with pictures which would gladden the heart of one of those picture-cleaners in Lon- don who hang up, as a sign, a picture divided, like death and the lady, at the top of an old ballad ; which always leaves you in a state of uncertainty whether the ingenious professor has cleaned one half or dirted the other. The furniture of this sala is a sort of red brocade. All the chairs are immovable, and the sofa weighs several tons. On the same floor, and opening out of this same chamber, are dining-room, draw- ing-room, and divers bed-rooms ; each with a multiplicity of doors and win- dows. Up stairs are divers other gaunt chambers, and a kitchen ; and down stairs is another kitchen, which, with all sorts of strange contrivances for burn- ing charcoal, looks like an alchemical laboratory. There are also some half-dozen sitting- rooms, where the servants, in this hot July, may escape from the heat of the fire, and where the brave Courier plays all sorts of musical instruments of his own manufacture, all the evening long. A mighty old, wandering, ghostly, echoing, grim, bare house it is, as ever I beheld or thought of. His own humour is apparent in the description of the ASCENT OF THE HOLY STAIRCASE AT ROME. I never in my life saw anything at once so ridiculous and so unpleasant as this sight : ridiculous in the absurd incidents which are inseparable from it, and unpleasant in its senseless and unmeaning degradation. There are two steps to begin with, and then a rather broad landing. The more rigid climbers went along this landing on their knees, as well as up the stairs ; and the figures they cut in their shuffling progress over the level surface no description can paint. Then, to see them watch their opportunity from the porch, and cut in where there was a place next the wall ! And to see one man with an umbrella (brought on purpose, for it was a fine day), hoisting himself, unlawfully, from stair to stair ! And to observe a demure lady of fifty-five or so, looking back every now and then to assure herself that her legs were properly disposed ! There were such odd differences in the speed of different people too. Some get on as if they were doing a match against time ; others stopped to say a prayer on every step. This man touched every stair with his forehead, and kissed it : that that man scratched his head all the way. The boys got on brilliantly, and were up and down again before the old lady had accomplished her half dozen stairs. But most of the penitents come down very sprightly and fresh, as having done a real good substantial deed, which it would take a good deal of sin to counter- balance ; and the old gentleman in the watch-box was down upon them with his cannister while they were in this humour I promise you. Mr Dickens lived for a year at Genoa, [in] spite of the aversion he felt to the place upon first acquaintance. FIRST IMPRESSIONS OF GENOA. I never, in my life, was so dismayed ! The wonderful novelty of every thing, the unusual smells, the unaccountable filth (though it is reckoned the cleanest of Italian towns), the disorderly jumbling of dirty houses, one upon the roof of another, the passages more squalid and more close than any in Saint Giles’s or old Paris ; in and out of which, not vagabonds, but well dressed women, with white veils and great fans, were passing and repassing ; the perfect ab- sence of resemblance in any dwelling, house, or shop, or wall, or post, or pillar, to anything one had seen before ; and the disheartening dirt, discomfort, and decay, perfectly confounded me. I fell into a dismal reverie. I am con- scious of a feverish and bewildered vision of saints and virgin’ shrines at the street corners — of great numbers of friars, monks, and soldiers — of vast red curtains waving in the doorways of the churches — of always going up hill, and yet seeing every other street and passage going higher up — of fruit stalls with fresh lemons and oranges hanging in garlands made of vine leaves — of a guard house and a draw-bridge — and some gateways — and venders of iced waters sitting with little trays upon the margin of the kennel — and this is all the consciousness I had until I was set down in a rank, dull, weedy court yard, at- tached to a kind of pink jail, and was told I lived there. I little thought, that day, that I should ever come to have an attachment for the very stones in the streets of Genoa, and to look back upon the city with affection, as connected with many hours of happiness and quiet. We do not remember to have seen so graphic a picture as this of THE LEANING TOWER AT PISA. Sismondi compares the Tower to the usual pictorial representations in chil- dren’s books of the Tower of Babel. It is a happy simile, and conveys a better idea of the building than chapters of laboured description. Nothing can exceed the grace and lightness of the structure ; nothing can be more remarkable than its general appearance. In the course of the ascent to the top (which is by an easy staircase) the inclination is not very apparent ; but at the summit it becomes so, and gives one the sensation of being in a ship that is heeled over through the action of an ebb tide. The effect upon the low side, so to speak — looking over from the gallery, and seeing the shaft recede to its base — is very startling ; and I saw a nervous traveller hold on to the tower involuntarily, after glancing down, as if he had some idea of propping it up. The view within, from the ground — looking up, as through a slanted tube — is also very curious. It certainly inclines as much as the most sanguine tourist could desire. The natural im- pulse of ninety-nine people out of a hundred who were about to recline upon the grass below it, to rest and contem- plate the adjacent buildings, would probably be, not to take up their position under the leaning side — it is so very much aslant. VERONA. I had been half afraid to go to Verona, lest it should at all put me out of con- ceit of Romeo and Juliet. But I was no sooner come into the old Market- place, than the misgiving vanished. It is so fanciful, quaint, and picturesque a place, formed by such an extraordinary and rich variety of fantastic buildings, that there could be nothing better at the core of even this romantic town : scene of one of the most romantic and beau- tiful of stories. It was natural enough to go strait from the Market-place to the House of the Capulets, now dege- nerated into a most miserable little inn. Noisy veiturini and muddy market carts were disputing possession of the yard, which was ankle deep in dirt, with a brood of splashed and bespattered geese ; and there was a grim-visaged dog, viciously panting in a doorway, who would certainly have had Romeo by the leg the moment he put it over the wall, if he had existed and been at large in those times. The orchard fell into other hands, and was parted off many years ago ; but there used to be one attached to the house — or at all events there may have been — and the hat (capello) the ancient cognizance of the family, may still be seen, carved in stone, over the gateway of the yard. The geese, the market carts, their drivers, and the dog, were somewhat in the way of the story it must be confessed ; and to have been able to walk through the disused rooms. But the hat was unspeakably comfortable : and the place where the garden used to be, hardly less so. Besides, the house is a distrustful, jealous-looking house as one would desire to see, though of a very moderate size. So I was quite satisfied with it, as the veritably mansion of old Capulet, and was correspondingly grate- ful in my acknowledgments to an ex- tremely unsentimental middle aged lady, the Padrona of the hotel, who was lounging on the threshold looking at the geese, and who at least resembled the Capulets in the one particular of being very great indeed in the ‘ family ’ way. From Juliet’s house to Juliet’s tomb is a transition as natural to the visitor as to fair Juliet herself, or to the proudest Juliet that ever has taught the torches to burn bright in any time. So I went off, with a guide, to an old, old garden, once belonging to an old, old convent, I suppose ; and being admitted at a shat- tered gate, by a bright-eyed woman who was washing clothes, went down some walks where fresh plants and young flowers were prettily growing among fragments of an old wall and ivy-covered mounds, and was shewn a little tank or water-trough, which the bright-eyed woman, drying her arms upon her ’kerchief, called, “La tomba di Giuletta la sfortunata.” With the best disposi- tion in the world to believe, I could do no more than believe that the bright- eyed woman believed ; so I gave her that much credit, and her customary fee in ready money. It was a pleasure, rather than a disappointment, that Juliet’s resting-place was forgotten. However consolatory it it may have been to Yorrick’s ghost to hear the feet upon the pavement overhead, and, twenty times a day, the repetition of his name it is better for Juliet to lie out of the track of tourists, and to have no visitors but such as come to graves in spring- rain, and sweet air and sunshine. 