Country Iffowa. [FIIOM oun ow» COHEESPONDEKTB.] WOLLOMBI. Another week has rolled ¡ts fleeting ments down the current of Old Time s the date of our last communication, has left little more of the " wreck of i ter" for the contemplative mind to d upon, than an unsettled opinion as to propriety of representing Time ns a sire while so many have contended for stricter propriety of depicting him ns . -old gentleman. Our friend, George Cn shank, personifies him in the latter a 'gorical, and perhaps, more popular porti tn which he is alternately active passive, as his humour suits ; when ac he is depicted with a scythe, and n have ever questioned thc adroitness v which he lays down double swathes ; when passive, what hosts are employee his murder, especially during the seem intervals of his lethargy; but no soot the portrait informs us. have the delinque fled, than up jumps Old Time to his ft with all the alacrity of a man of 20,( years, and disappears. In by-gone da Time wore a long grizzly beard, a plumed himself upon a "slape sconce" I now he sports a chin that shows like stubble-field at " harvest home," a smooths down his elflocks so as to ape I graces of an Apollo ; in a word, i Father Time, as he used to be styled, now a confirmed gallant, at whom t ladies set their caps in vain, and we km of nobody to whom he bears so striking resemblance as our prime personification justice and morality, whom we observe c tering the Post Office, where On such a stool as thc immortal Alfred sat, And swayed the sceptre of his infant realms; Tlneo legs upholding firm a massy slab Of iron bark ; but perforated sore By worms voracious eating tiirough and tbrouf "reposes our Mokanna, indulging in the co temptation of a flitch of rusty bacon, pende from the"well-smoked wall, whereon apr file of the head, the swinish relic wore happier days of muck and maize, also di . ported itself, displaying an array of ghost ivories, that told a tale of lard, and gai perspective visions of a sabbath griskin I the tenants of the hovel--fruges consuma nati I Besides those portraits we hat feebly sketched, hung the reminiscence of sheep that savored of a scabby dissolutior in the shape of a superannuated mail baf in whose prolific womb the debris of formt meals, the wrecks of nether garments of masculine gender, and quids of half-chewe tobacco reposed their incongruous element: unconscious of the up-cocked eye that lisl lessly gazed and wandered from the "un clean animal's" countenance, to their len them'guardian. Beside the chimney corne crouched a dormant cat, that told many i tale of the inclement winter, in the auburi patches of its once sable fur, but now ni more Around in sympothetie mirth, ' Its tricks the kitten tries. And your starvation is a true philosopher as exhibited even in the feline observance of an aphorism grown into exceeding vogue in our district, at the introduction of old "beardy M'Donald, namely, " quietness catches the mice ;" for in good truth, to quietness has our good post office cat re- signed the duties of catching mice, as being grown too feeble of late for that active em , ployment. But to our tale-upon a small projection of the fire-stone, precisely oppo- site to that which tidiness assigned to a tongs) constructed from a piece of barrel hoop, and a well incrusted dudcen for its \- chum, stood a half cylindric half conic shaped utensil, to which the day dispenses the duty of decoding tea, while t'other nights it renders the necessary offices of the dormitory ; indeed, to Toby Philpofs brown jug we should have long since assi- milated this double official utensil, but the cunning of the redoubtable Philips, the tinker, of Muddleville notoriety, as exhi- bited ia our magic quart pot forbids cora " '. "^i ? i !.- . - parison. Having now afforded our indulgent readers a peep into the internal and do mestic economy, with a view no less of the goodly paraphernalia of our village post office, we shall next proceed to its extent (leaving its conductor to his cogitation within), which in a word may justly be de scribed as contemptible in comparison with the most abject Highland shinty. The edifice stands on the church acre allotment in a central part of the township, possess ing neither window nor receiving-box, and for the absence of which latter elsewhere indispensable adjunct, we are, on the au thority of our late dismissed postmaster indebted to the prurient curiosity of those most deeply interested in the affairs of our community, as it was a question from whose frequent repetitions we might, with a slen der tax of the imagination, be led to expect the very slabs of the edifice to echo back at the present day, "WHO POSTED THIS LETTER?" From what we have already said of this precious structure, it will be learned that its walls consist of slabs through which the winds of Heaven teem rudely and untempered to the "shorn lambs" who betimes visit within. Squat on those dissevered walls reposes an undu- lating roof of curious blady-grass, sacred to vermin and. incubating fowls, who, for the enjoyment of a "fixity of tenure," are indebted to the adventitious aid and em- bellishment of sundry large stones, frag- ments of slabs, and sheets of stringy bark, which, reckless of all harmony of architec- tural designs, contribute their questionable protection against the intrusion of rain and sunshine. Hark ! 'tis the twanging horn o'er yonder bridge That, wit]) its wearisome but needful length, Bestrides the ' vernal' flood, in which the moon Sees her unwrinkled fuce reflected bright ; M'DONALD comes, the ho aid of a noisy world. * * # * . * News from all nations lumb'ring in his GIO, Yet careless what he brings ; his one concern ls to conduct it to the destiu'd HOVEL ! And, having dropp'd til'expected bag, pass on. " Is your wortship asleep ?" now faintly breathes in bated breath of him who but a moment previous had ceased to pour into the portals of his master's ears the leprous distilment of the past week's concretion of " envy hatred, malice, and all uncharitable- ness." " Not a wink upon me, Tom." The mail's a cummin, your wortship." " The Lord be praised, Tom." " Come, bear a hand inside there !" now from amidst a throng of news-awaiting folk, a voice sonorousand deep, bursts on the stilly evening, and spreads a peal of bois- terous laughter round, while through the severed slabs a grunt responsive, yet in suppressed defiance, gurgles from the tho- rax of him who dispensed justice and lettets upon the same terms. STEEPLE-CUASIKO.-Steeple-chasing, if duly car- ried out. is to proper bold riding what fool-hardincss is to courage, lt proves uoth'iug except that the chaser is in desperate want of a sonsation, or the credit of it; and that he has brains not so much worth taking caro of as those of other men. Danger for danger's sake is scuseless. Besides, thc horse is worso something ; and one has no right to crash and mash it in a pit on tho other side of a wall, even with the chanco of being retributively kicked to death in its company:. Did you ever hear this paticut and noblo creature scream for anguish ? It is one of tho ghastliest and most terrific of sounds; one of thc most tremendous, even on a field of battle ; and "depend upon it, you will catch no old soldier risking thc sound. If you do, he will bc no Uncle Toby, [or Major Bath, (or tho " Iron Duke" himself, but some brazen-faced simpleton, with no more brains in his head than his helmet. 