BUSHRANGING. WHEN the probation system was introduced into this colony, the late Comptroller General of Convicts predicted that in three years the towns would be unsafe to dwell in. He consoled himself by the reflection, that before that period arrived his removal from the colony would save him from the frightful consequences he apprehended. But his prophecy has been accomplished in less time than he anticipated. The re cent robberies in High-street, by three armed men, is " the beginning of the end." No resident now feels that life and pro perty are safe from violence, even within the precincts of Launceston. It appears that the depredators lately absconded from a gang in the interior, pos sessed themselves of fire-arms, and prowled in this vicinity, in which they committed several robberies. By some means they were informed that the Rev. Dr. Browne kept the sum of a hundred pounds in the drawer of a desk. When they learned it was Mr. Oakden, and not Dr. Browne, they first visited, they repeatedly ex pressed their regret at the mistake : but having obtained the articles they demanded from Mr. Oakden, they determined to pro secute their original object. When it is recollected that the occurrence took place in the midst of a cluster of houses-that nine o'clock had scarcely struck-the bold ness of the enterprise, and the exposed state of the town, must excite surprise amongst strangers, Who know the cha racter of a large" proportion of our popu lation. Whether some evil-designing person fur nished the information to the absconders, or whether they gathered it from vague re port, will probably never be discovered: but it is certain that the Dr., like every other individual possessed of money, has that confidence in the security of local banks which will ever prevent, him from depositing cash in his dwelling. The servant who escaped unobserved, alarmed the police, accompanied them to the spot, and aided in the capture of the robbers, deserves the utmost that the go vernment can bestow on a man in his cir cumstances. To the fidelity, activity, and courage of this indvidual the apprehensioh of the bushrangers is chiefly to be attri buted : and we are gratified to learn that a public token of approbation will be be stowed on this " faithful servant." .THE PoLsCe MAOISTRAT.L-It is obvious this gentleman does not yet understand the deference due to the dignity of the press,and has committed a fatal errror in not pronouncing a partial decision when its representatives appeared before him. For the future we hope that when the members of the fourth estate are brought before his tribunal, he will disregard law and justice, and allow them unlimited liberty. Should a chargeof drunkenness be preferred against an editor, the magistrate should not only decline to receive it, but reprimand the constable who dare apprehend a public writer in a state of inebriety. Neither should the bench issue summonses against this favoured class, who ought to be permitted to perpetrate the grossest outrage with impunity; but if decency will not allow him to prevent this preliminary step, he should at least charge the witnesses with pedjury, and liberate the accused with encomiums on their conduct. Seriously Mr. Tarleton did commit a mistake in adopting subdued language to describe a recent offence. If he had been assailed in pre cisely the same manneras the sufferer, we are sure no magistrate would have described the act as "not a very aggravated assault." But this is an error favourable to Mr. Tarleton; and every hli mane person will appreciate his lenity. Only one satisfactory course is open to our police magistrate -let him faithfully and fearlessly perform his duty in every case, and then he can rely with con fidence on the support of every man whose coun tenance is worth receiving-the praise of sonme would be unmitigated censure. CHuncsH AccomonArroN.-It will be observed that tenders are invited for the erection ofa small place of worship at Patterson's Plains, on the East Bank of the North Esk. The efforts to rear such buildings in destitute localities, and to supply them regularly, deserve support and commen dation. ArrITMPT AT HIonWAY RoaBERY.-Ai Mr. Dodery of Longford, was proceeding on horseback out of town on Tuesday night, he was met on the high road by some ruffian who attempted to selze the reins. Mr. Dodery put spurs to his horse and dashed away before the robber could unseat him. SUDDEN DEATH.-A remarkablysudden death occurred at Longford a few days since. A man named Moore, a saddler, was at the Blenheim Hotel and suddenly fell down dead without a word or a groan. He had been drinking, and was abusing tihe landlady for refusing to supply him with more liquor, when he was thus cut short by death. RoaBBERY FROM THE PERsoN.-A gentleman r named Mockton from Port Pifillip, was robbed a few evenings since of fifty-eight pounds and some sixteen shillings in silver. He fell in with a female who conducted him to a hoelse where he had some brandy, and soon afterwards felt sleepy; he be. lieved that he dozed on a chair for a few minutes. He Itad previously taken off his coat, in which was a pocket book containing the notes; this he missed upon leaving the house. He discovered also that a black silk handkerchief had been taken from off his neck, and an old one substituted, for which he could not account. Information was given to the police, the premises were searched, and the handkerchief found. Four parties, two men and two women, were apprehended upon sus picion, but no evidence could he procured to war rant their detention, and they were therefore dis Charged. The notes were of a Port Plhilip Bank, !and will not easily get in circulation here. CAPTUTE OF BUSaRANOERas.-We hear two \- armed'buslrangers have been apprehended by a party of the Morven police, but we are not in pos 'session ef particulars. APPREHnssION PF THE COMPANION OF SMART AND FOOD.-A tlcket.of-leave man named Mur. ,phy has been apprehended upon suspicion of being the party who was In company with Smart and Food at their visit to Mr. Oakden's. No positive evidence of identity could be procured, and he was sentenced for two months on the mill as an e idle and disorderly character. ATROCIOUs, ANONYMOus CASES -oF RaECENT, 'OcuCRRENCE.--Many families have lately been' igreatlyannoyed by the reception of nots from various parties well known in-town. It appears that the documents circulated, thoughcoming from different hands, were of similar character, and all contained demands for money. The authors ae cknowledge having sent out the papers, but reso lutely decline to place their names at the bottom, until they receive cash. We are afraid that onr -!egislators never contemplated the existence of such a species of annoyance, and that therefore the laws cannot afford the injured families re -dress. They may, however, submit their cases to the Attorney'General after establishing the facts by -regular affidavits, and if possible punish the butchers and bakers, the grocers, and mercers, .for-the distress they have occasioned by circulating *their 'quarterly accounts. UNION MEETINO.-The usual monthly meet ing was held in the Scotch church. The Rev. Mr. Hastie conducted the services, in which the Revds. Messrs. Dowling and Price took part. The Rev. Mr. Butters delivered an excellent ad •dress, on the subject of the "Promise of the Spirit," in a most impressive manner. He re ferred to the way in which the Almighty had been pleased to reveal himself to his creatures .a trinity of persons, one in essence and nature. 'God the Father was represented in the scriptures ,as the source of all the blessings which reach man: God the Son, who, by his meritori -ous life and death, purchased salvation, as the medium through whom the benefits of the Father are bestowed: and God the Holy Ghost, as the .person by whose operation spiritual life, light, .purity, and happiness are imparted to those "dead in .trespasses and sins." He alluded to •the Pentecostal period; and proved by passages in the bible that the christians of this age were -not only invited to implore, but absolutely pro alsed, in answer to their request, a copious and constant outpouring of the spirit. The ancient .prophets anticipated the latter day of glory. Christ declared that the object of his departure was to send the Spirit, who should remain with his people .alway: and the apostles testified concerning the experience of his influence. Mr. Butters earnestly 'invited his audience to unite in supplicating for the Divine Spirit, without whose influences the serv ices ofreligion would become formality, churches would be unprosperous, and sinners would remain un moved until awakened from their feartil lethargy by the outpouring of divine vengeance which all the impenitent must feel. As Adam, by -dis believing the threatening of God, involved him. self and his posterity in spiritual death, so sinners under the influence of the Spirit, by believing the promises of Jehovah, are raised from the ruins of the fall, and brought into the relation of children. THE NORTH AND EAST COAST.-Mr. Potter, an active district constable, has been for some time stationed at the coast, and has rendered essential service to the settlers by protecting their property and expelling depredators from the neighbourhood. The flockmasters complain bitterly of the ravages committed by the dogs belonging to a number of idle vagabonds who are called hunters, but whose real employment is no doubt of a very dif ferent character. Some of them have as many as fifteen or twenty dogs each, and it is not uncom -mon for sheep to be worried, even in the presence of the shepherds. They rush upon the flocks like wolves. There is little doubt also that the whole sale system of slaughtering has been practised, -for that part of the country is known to be visited by unlicensed hawkers, who have ample opportu nity of conveying away many bales of wool. Mr. Foster, of Cape Portland, loses fifteen hundred sheep this year, and several other settlers have ,suffered in less proportion, to the extent altogether of -upwards of two thousand sheep. During the last three years Mr. Foster alone has lost from his -extensive flocks about seven thousand sheep. FFIRE AT NORFOLK PLAINS .-A fire occurred .at.Longford on Tuesday, at the residence of Mr. Wm. Welr,which was completely destroyed. Early in. the morning Mr. Weir states lie was awakened by a cracking noise, and discovered that the room was filled vith smoke; lie instantly got up, and -having thrown 'a few clothes out of the window followed them himself. Some constables by this time observed the flames, which had already burst through the roof, and the alarm was given, but before long the buiilding was reduced to ruins, and its contents consumed. Tie premises were in sured.ih the Cornwall Company for £450, and Mr. Weir's personal effects in the Tasmanian for a like amount. Although secured against pecuniary suffering, Mr. Weir regrets the loss of manu scripts and documents which have occupied acon slderable portlon of his attention for years, and cantnot be replaced without an equal expenditure of time and labour. DREADFUL ACCIDENT.-A fatal accident oc curred on Tuesday or Wednesday evening, by which Mr. Gurney, a respectable settler at Nor folk Plains, lost his life. Mr. Gurney was found lying by the side of the main road, quite insen sible, but apparently in great agony. He was taken to Mr. Clyne's, at Longford, and after lin gering for a day or two, expired. He never re covered his consciousness, could not recognise his friends, and scarcely spoke a word from the time he was discovered until his death. The pony upon which Mr. Gurney went out of town was caught near where he was found, with the saddle turned completely underneath. It is supposed the unfortunate deceased was thrown off, through the shifting of the girth, and being unable to ex tricate his foot from the stirrup, was dragged along the ground, and thus sustained the injuries which occasioned his death. An inquest has been held, and a verdict of accidental death returned. SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-By the return of the Union we have papers from Adelaide to 24th ult. The Henry and Margaret had arrived.... Horses were realising fair prices, which induces shippers to continue the exportations; the Union will have a full freight... .The journals contain no news of importance... .A public dinner had been held to honor the return of Capt. Sturt, who was received with a popularity bordering upon affection. Tile Governor had given some offence by absent. ing himself from the entertainment. IT IS AN ILL-WIND, &c.-The; Souvenir, from Nelson, brings a report of the loss of a vessel having on board £5,000 in specie for the Govern ment. It is farther confidently stated, that Mr. Soisted, in connection with others, was fortunate enongh to recover £4,000 of the sovereigns of which lie becomes entitled to one-third. THE BUSHIRANGERs.-On Sunday Dr. Browne publicly returned thanks for himself and the others concerned, for their fortunate deliverance from the danger to which they had been exposed during tile late visit of the bushrangers, and for the pro vidential escape they had experienced. POCKET-PICKING.-Some of the light-fingered gentry were most successfully active on the Race Course. One man was robbed of nine pounds in notes, whilst perfectly sober, and another of his watch. A mant wasfoundon Wednesday evening, lying over the bridge with both pockets turned inside out, who stated he had lost five pounds. Petty robberies were numerous. Finn INSURANCE.-lt will be observed that two fires occurred on Monday, by which property to the amount of £2000 was destroyed. Fortu nately in both instances insurance was effected, and a loss which would have ruined two private individuals, is borne without inconvenience, when divided amongst three offices. As the charge for insurance is so small, prudence dictates that a man should cover property that is his own by a policy, and justice requires that persons indebted to or intrusted with the property of others, should se cure his creditors against loss. A TASMANIAN SwIFTr.--In the report of the Society for Propagating the Gospel, published in the Courier, we find a letter from one of the clergy in this island, quoted with unaccountable simpli city by the compilers of the report, who say, " One of the clergy writes thus :--" The efforts and example of the Church of England, acting through her head the Bishop, may already be per ceived to react most favotrably on the dissenting bodies, in promoting greater charity of feeling and purity of doctrine."........" The spiritual aspect of the Church externally is favourable ; and though internally one is conscious of the existence of more defects, it is certainly better titan it was a year ago. There Is more zeal and hopefilness." The satire is so rich and slyly directed that the writer deserves to be made a Dean at least. THE VALUABLE MONKEY.-The Union Bank has paid twelve pounds for the old Tamar Bank notes, found by the monkey in the yard of the Launceston Hotel. On the others, the names of tlihe directors were Illegible. HousE RonuERY.--The residence of Mrs. Milne in George-street, was entered by some thieves a few nights since, who carried away with them a quantity of glass. FIstE AT EVANDALE.-An extensive fire:oc curred on Monday, at Evandale, upon: the pre mises of Mr. Harvey, a tenant of Dr Kenviorth's. Stacks containing three or four thousanld bushels of wheat, another of ninety tons of lny, and a large barn, were totally destroyed. The pro perty was Insured in thoe Derwent and 'Tamar ,Company for £000. • The fire is supposed to have .been the act ofan incendiary. AccsDBNw.-pn the second .ay, of; the, races a servant of Mr Neville's met with a serious aec cident near the! Bridge. Hewas rilding "on tiie shaft of a dray, and fell- l;ackwards; thewheel passed over his~egs, and both bones of onevyere broken just above the ancle. He was conveyed into Mr. Cordell's, and suiglial attendance imme diately procured; DARING HOUSE ROBBERY.-On Sunday night some thieves gained entrance into the residence of Mr. Johln Fawns, by forcing open one of the front windows of the dining-room, facing William street. The door of that room being locked, the thieves wertf.disappointed, by not being able to gain access to other parts of the dwelling. They took with them some few articles of plate and plated goods, and attempted to cut open a side board cupboard, by sawing round the lock, in which operation it is supposed they were alarmed, and made off. ACCIDENT AND NARROW ESCAPE.-On Tues day evening, as Mr. Rose's coachman was driving out of town in the carriage, with two of Mr. Chitty's children, he ran over a drunken person in the road, who fortunately escaped without any seriousinjury. Mr. Kirkby witnessed the transac tion, and from the furious manner in which the servant was driving, thonght it necessary to inter fere for the safety of the children, one of whom was nearly thrown out of the carriage. Mr. Kirkby insisted upon taking them under his pro tection; but the coachman resisted and assaulted Mr. Kirkby with considerable violence. The matter will come before the police. ANOTHER ROBBERY.-During the races, the premises of Mr. Stott, in St. John.street, were broken into, and about six pounds in cash stolen. 