L A U NC ESTO N I NTELL1 G 15 N C E (From the " Cornwall Chronicle," Jan. S ) Music Licenses. — We understand an application is intended to he toad- at lite Quarter Sessions on Monday, by Mr. R. Radford, for permission to give musical entertainments in bis itew room at the " Home and Juckey"— in York-street. We are no1 awttre of the views of the justices On the subject 'of music lioenses, but we tbihk that a more rational de-cription of amusement tban that proposed can hardly be sanctioned by lite " powers that br,'' supposing that sufficient care be t-tkeri to prevent improper persona from attending, There is a grow- ing feeling iu England, favourable to extending the people's rational aiimseiuenls as o means ol pre vrutiug vicious associations and of humanizing the mind., and all the objections of certain claise of peiaon's to" theatres, rades; and other ipons, have not hindered the progress of music and danoittg, amongst the lower and middle classes of snciety. Many distinguished magi- trstes, wbo have given at tention to Ibo subject, and Ita'ir witnessed the lie# Official influence o (music and (Utlcing in all parts of rbe continent, have interest, d th-.-insc'vca in a-sl- initiating the amusements of the English to thuie o' the French, G.-riuani, dec , hence, the increase of licenses for dramatic representations, musical per. lorinanoes, Ac., in the cities and towos, and which wheu suitably managed have a tendency to repre-s vice, and answer the puipue of legi imate end harmless recreation. Highway Robbery.— A few nigh'a ago a poor matt named Isaac Putpcll, ore-entcj himself at the watch-house almost in a state of nudity, and repte armed thai ho had been robbed of nearly the whole if his-appare'j by two men whom he encountered, on tbe Pattersons Plains roaH. They did not however attempt to maltreat him, but conlenLd themselves witit tbe booty taken from his person. Tlie poor fellow had beeirivtlhtlWfagvRbooi-in tlie. dark, for two or iluee hours, afraid to ventu'e into town, clod io so light and ai-y a manner. He had no knowledge Whatever, of either of the miscieants, Housebreaking - On Friday afiernnon, (Dec, !6), the home of Mr. Joseph Chbwell, residing, on the Sand. hill, was broken open during the nh- scnoo of the family On lite return of one of its i»mtle»,an a ecu rate description, both of the person aod apparel of tbe chief, was given him by two in dividual residing nex' door. One of them, a nmu rlstned Dohcity, stated thai Mr; ChisWcll having, previous to his departure, desired him (the nitue-s) to give an i-ye to his premises, lie felt it. his duty to be upon the alert. Heating a noise from within, be hastened round to the rear of the home, and found the outer door broken op-n. In the parlour he saw a man, who but a abort time ago resided in the neighborhood, and in whose person he ooultl not oon seqitft'tly lie mistaken, busily, engaged ill rummaging over the conicuLs nf a desk, out of which the bottom had previnu-ly been locked., On de manding " what he was doing there," the thief re plied " Oh, not iiiuoIi ; you have iulerroptcd me too soon." Witness bei-.g armed u-ith a club, desired bint iustantly to tolingulih any booty he might happen to have concealed about his person. The other however pcisisted in saying that Ito had ob tained nothing, and witness (by searching hint) having ascetla'wed that his story was partially cor rect, suffered hitn to escape, telling him however, at the asms time, tliat-lro onuld ideutify him mnouesta thousand men."'-' The whole of this state- mvnt \yat corruhorate'd in- the presence of /our wit urates by s womm with whom Dulierty Cidiabils, and vet when called upon at tile polico office,- and confroiiledwidi the individual whom they accused- I hey both swore positively that they iuri lint seen him on Ihe day in question! What serve! to reoder the ciroumstanco still more Mt'pioioiu is, that Doherty, lit tho first tbstance, described the lllief. ita having lost thee or four lingers, ml bis light hand, and it was entirely in cottsrqnqioe of the accuracy of t»w' description inat ine pnsnn-i (Bacock) was approtiendcd. One ot-tlie Msgis ralrs remarked that " the woman," Mat tha Rinks, wos not to be believed upon Iter oatlf, ucvertht-l.ss. under all the circurostanovs of the oa.e, the prisoner 'must be discharged. Robberies.— A few nights ago, three rnffisns with their faoes pat tially concealed by black htndkrr- cltief s presented tlieimetves'.at the hm or «n intlivw dual well known as " Jemmy, theWasborinan, " and with many threats demanded his money One fellow, armed with a heavy" bludgeon, »uo ! seotiy over the poor old man, whilst tha other two ran sacked tiro place. Their search for money, hhWv over, proved ineffectual.—' " Jemmy " having only, i the day before paid up a quarter's root. pointed in tiro expectation, the ruffians next pio. j ceeded to pack up; every little valoHhle they cimhf j lay their b-nds, on with which they finally decamped j The loanjy sitoatiou ofihe.houao was no doubt the , principle induoemviH to the pcrpvttatioo of the j etntp.' t = 1 j \- 'i'h- persecution Qf.Wr'.PlitthmorfJnca ihe 1rt- crpafeit reward of fitVy ponmls w'iis, (.tiered by Mr« Piunimer six weeW ago. tlie anitiynncs< bo and hit family received fiont" the "gh st " wcro dtjem. tinued up to Tuesday week,wh;-u we uad-rstand.. uv. , atti-nip was made to sol H -e In a slack of hay . . the iirimiss', T vo probation mm who were od lllfi look Olit ibservctl the ".mysteriott nvaiaiider near, »n I taw Iihn th-ow a lighted luciler rnatch at the stack and then decdmp. 'ili-y instantly colled on the ghost to flop, but his ehostsship imly ran the faster, wherenpon one of the fifed off A pistol# wltin uiifiiitunalely flashed in the pan. and the in raruate fiend in the dress of a biped got off «ncd' mote. Races.— Vte arc glad to find that a mnve.itPtil M about to be made respecting too ensuing racea, A meeting is iiiicndcd to be hel-l on _ Monday week at the Latincesinn Hotel, to fix a tinu. and mkt» the necessary arrangements. A fu'l ettcodanCv b those who feel interest in tbe business is tie irtble; . The A Hedged Murder At the S'iie. — Ve (bo happy to hive it in our power .to contradict Ih® ru-noiti nf "a niiii tler having been committed oti one of Mr, Glover's men. Tin prof fel.nwx death was purely Ihe result of accident. He bail been diinking on lluxing Day; and being rattier tins worse for liquor. lie fell ailcep- ne»l- a laige log tliat had been recently cut down. Tbe men were iiitlio' .net of removing the log, when tinfoitouately it slipped down, end could only be removed extricate him by lite aid of bollocks. Wb-n takoil uut lie was' nearly dead, s ml shortly afterwards breathed his fast, A coroners inq-iest had been held on the view of (he bodcy, when the jury re- t ill tied a verdict of " Accidental Death? The man and woman who were in otistody Itive been dis charged. 