Latest English Extracts. Thh Ministry.— There is no truth in the- statement that, Lord Canning is about to succeed Lord Metcalf, ai: Governor-General of Canada. We have every reason to believe that it has been proposed to Lord Cathcart to. succeed Lord Metcali and: tnus unite lu.-ine; .-arae "hands the civil and military government of Canada.— Tbe -report of Lord Granville Somerset's retirement from ofiice is altogether, without foundation. The Earl of Yerulam and the Earl of Harewood will attend at the first Council, to be sworn in as Lord's-Lieutenant of Hertfordshire and the West, Riding of Yorkshire, respectively.— Treasury Paper. Loid Canning retires from the Foreign-office; but in stead of succeeding Lord Metcalf, as it was rumoured he would .we understand, he .will succeed Lord How ard de Walden, as Ambassador at Lisbon. — Chronicle. . The .young wheat plants are looking very promising and there has seldom been a better prospect at Christ mas for the ensuing harvest than this year. — Newcastle Journal. Thb Bishopric of Jerusalem.— Th e Augshburgh Gazette publishes intelligence from Berlin, to the effect that the Prussian government, which now has the pri vilege of appointing a Protestant bishop to the See ot Jerusalem, had made choice ofM. Belson to fill that post. M. Belson, like Dr. Alexander, originally be longed to the Jewish persuasion, but latterly embraced Protestantism. The Death of Mr. Isaac Cohen.— Tbe sudden death of Mr. Isaac Cohen, the brother of Mrs- Roths child. long'a leading and highly respectable piember of the Stock Exchange, has produced a considerable sen sation amongst tbe elder class of his associates, and uni jVersal regret amongst the Hebrews, Mr, Coben is sup posed to have died worth about half a million sterling. Economical' Doirgs in the Quern's Household. —A royal command has been communicated through the medium of Colonel Bowles, the Master of Her Ma jesty's household, for the information of the eight ringers belonging to the parish church of New Windsor to the effect that the bells of the church are not in future to ring merry peals, as heretofore, upon tlie occasion of the following anniversaries:— Her Majesty's accession, Her Majesty's coronation, and the birthdays of the King of Hanover, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duchess, of Gloucester, and the Prin cess Sophia, the uncles and aunts of the Queen. Tbe ringers have been informed by Col. Bowles that the two guineas which, upon each former occasion, have been paiil to the ringers by Sir Henry Wheatley, the keeper of the Privy Purse, have been ordered to be paid no longer. Mr. Pond the town gunner, has' also received a similar command respecting the dis continuance : of royal salutes upon the same anniver saries, Jit (having been intimated to him,|-;at the same time, that the payment df-the usual sutn of one gninea, upon each occasion, has been commanded to be dis continued The bells, however, are to be rung, and tbe salutes fired, upori the same terms as formerly (two gui- mnaa f<>« t h rt l .11 mn/l rt .-v fnw 4 n a eollltodl lichg fill vlic uluctl icft vllw otmutwjr agreeably to the instructions officially communicated by the Master of the Household upon the following an-' riiversaries, reducing the number from filteen .to nine, to tbe great disappointment ol the ringers and the town gunner ? her Majesty's birthday, and the birthdays of the following members of the Royal family— the Queen Dowager, the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Princess Alice, and the Duchess of Kent. It is expected (the Duke of Cambridge being the' Hih Sheriff of the borough), that the bells will be -rang, and a Royal salute fired, on the 24tb inst., the birthday of his Royal Highness, at the expense, of the corporation A public subscription has been spoken of, on the part of the inhabitants, "to k«ep up'.' the ringing and firing as. formerly, upon each of the remaining five anniversaries, in order that due honour sbouid be done at Windsor (aselsewhere) to these auspicious events.— Weekly Despatch. Military Intelligence. — Augmentation of the Army..— Many inconsistent statements have lately ap. peared in reference to the contemplated increase in the Army. It was at onetime affirmed that the request of the Commander-in Chief for an addition of '8,000 or 10,000 men. had not been occeeded to, and the amount of increase' would be at the utmost, 6,000.— Things now, however; have assumed a more serious aspect, and we subjoin, the details of the additional force which we are informed on anthority that' may be considered . official, it is intended, to enlist. .The sub ject is one Which has excited ihuch interest and curiosity in military circles. The 6th, 8tb, 24th, 32nd, 36th, 37th, 39th; and 69tb, the regts.. of foot at present having 814 men each, will be itcreassd to 1,200_ each, thus giving a total addition to the line of 3, "88; the" Royal Artillery will receive the; additional strength, of 700; the Royal Engineers, 100; the Royal Marines, 2,000; the regi ments of Rifles, 1,000 each, 2,000; the depots of the following regiments 1000 each, viz., the 1st Regiments, the 7 ill, 14th, 15th, 16ili, 19th, 33rd, 34th 35th, 38tb, 46th, 48th, 52nd, 54th, 6.0th, 66th, 72nd, 73rd, 77tb, 79th, 81st, 95th, and 95th, and 98th, 4,600. Total for the -Foot, 12,685. The 60th foot having two battalions, the addition Will be confined to the "second battalion. Sixteen regiments of cavalry Will be increased four men per troop— 600. Thus giving a total for horse and foot 13,288, — Ibid. \- Dr. Pusey's First Sermon Since his Suspen sion.— Dr. Pusey preached on Sunday, at Christchureh Cathedral, Oxford, for the first time since the expiry of his two years suspension. The building was crowded to excess ; several members of the University, under tbe impulse of: curiosity, came from London and other dis- tant places. On entering the church in presence of the assembled congregation, Dr. Pusey advanced with "grave aspect and down- cast eyes;" on reaching the pulpit, he knelt on the floor of.it, and continued in that position while the congregation sang the 147th Psalm. On risiug, the Doctor recited the Bidding Prayer and the Lord's Prayer; and then proceeded with his sermon ; the text f:>r which was taken from St. John xx. 21-23— "Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be uuto you : as my father hath sent me, even so send I you. And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and said unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost: whosoever sins ye re tain they are retained." The discourse formed a kind ol sequel to the sermon which led to his suspension.— The. e was no retractation or qualification of the opinions which, had drawn down tin censure of the Uni versity authorities. He regarded his suspension as a punishment for secret faults which God knew in him, and (from which, he trusted. He desired to cleanse him. Dr. Pusey contended sturdily for the Romish doctrine of priestly power to forgive sins, and to punish the im penitent forthe good of their souls. He greatly ap proved of confession ; and spoke hopefnlly of an ap proaching " restoration.'! His proofs were chiefly taken from; tke traditions and writings of the Fathers and ri tual of the Church of : England; The sermon occupied an hour and a hall in the delivery. — Spectator, Feb . 7.— We tiust the Doctor's next suspension may be final— Ed. Sentinel. Dearth in Ireland.— The most important fact in the proceedings of Parliament last night, was the pre sentation of extracts from a report made by the Govern, mentj Commissioner's Inquiry: into the failure of the Irish1 potaloe crop. It is. dated from Dublin Castle, on the 20th January ; and it' will be seen from the sub joined summary, that the report, suggests the utmost cause for alarm as to the extent and severity of the ra- pidlyapproaching dearth in Ireland, and hints at a total inadequacy of resources to meet it. The extent of the evil to be provided for is thus stated. "It appears from undoubted authority, that of thirty-two counties in Ireland, . not one has escaped: failure in the potatoe crop j of 1SJ!) poor-law unions, not one is exempt ; oi 2,058 electoral divisions, above 1 ,400'rire certainly re ported as havipg suffered, and. we have .no certainty, until; the receipt ofthe more minute returns now in progress of completion, that the remaining 600 have al together, escaped.'.'.: The difficulty :of procuring relief by mieahs of employing labour is the greater that tbe disease is not'coritinuous in any one district, but that exceptions occur j thus,. causing difference in the cir cumstanees of ,persons occupying the same locality.— Great importance is attached by the Commissioners to the existence of popr ;ho.uses.<. They .mention that these asylums are not nearly full ; but their progress towards repletion must be caret ully.-ndte'd as famishing an index to the state of the union in which they are situated.— The ordinary expenditure of ths Irish poor- houses for a year is about £260.000.;. but the Commissinirevs do not consider that the relief "which ..the , existing houses arecapftble of affordiric will tie ariail sufficient to meet the anticipated distress : As to thevjiitu-ur question, it also is beset with difficulties. Iii all eases of public distress it is necessary, as aiateil by the. Com mittee. of 1822, (May 16) to prefer small Incai undertakings,' where employment in labour is tu be given, 4 to those on a treat scale. oLks ou. a great scale have a tendency to invite aniaccumulatiou ot numbers to a given spot, and . probably, to disappoint the greater part of them ' That' which is necessary on all such occasion is peculiarly necessary now." Sir John M'Neiil estimates the distance to which the be nefit of employment in public works extends at five miles only, On this branch of the relief question, the Commissioners 44 entertain the greatest doubt whether any adjustment of public works can b» made to meet the need wherever it may occur ; and it must he niet, or deai h from famine may be the result. — Spectator Feb. 7. =- In the House of Commons on Friday, January 23rd Mr. Ewarl presented a petition from certain Jcolonists in Van Dieman's. Land, praying for the abolition of the present system of making that colony a general re ceptacle for ithe transported "convicts of this country, in supporting the prayer ol which the hon. mem- ber stated that the petitioners urged upon the con sideration of the house, that at the, period ; when they biecame settlers, every means had ben adopted by the government to encourage -them as 'ree settlers, — That system had prevailed Irom the year 1824 to 1846, and during|that period the .colony had. rapidly &ad-; vanced. Tbe imports had vastly increased, and the exports had risen to between £800 000 and £9,000, the . chief item being wool. But in 1844 a change took placp. Up to that year the convicts transported from : litis country were sent principaJly to New South Wales. A change was then made by the noble lord, the then secretary for the colonial department; convicts were then sent -to Van Dieman's Land, and the consequence was that the number of convicts in the colony increased to the uriexampled number of 14,000 in 4y ars. Instead of increasing the number of the virtuous m the colony, the vicious were increased until they overpowered them in numbers, and the petitioners addressed' the house, and the government, and prayed to betvi ived. . They begged the tiltention of the house to the circu nistance that they were obliged to take not only convicts, from this country, but also from Canada, from India, and even from China. They further complained, that tor the" watchings, for the keeping up of the necessary sur veillance ever the vast number of convicts,, the police had to be increased, and that police had to be supported by the colonists. They complained that, notwithstand ing that immense amount of police force, it was insuf ficient to repress and keep in order the vicious popula tion, and that further taxation would be necessary to be established by government in order to give the petition ers the slightest- chance of safety. Crime had increased in the island, and the circumstances were aggravated in consequence of the impossibility of finding employment . for the convicts. The petitioners lived in a constant slate of apprehension and anxiety, aud they could not look forward to the prospect of bringing or leaving their children in such q place, where vice so predomi nated, without a vast increase of that anxiety. And it would be quite impossible that government expenditure could supply the place of the trade and commerce which had declined. But there was one circumstaw" of a fearful character which called for the attention ol trie house.— It was the sending of persons to the colony from Nor folk Island. If those persons were to be added to the depraved in Van Dieman's Land there was' no hope leli for the virtuous colonists. Such was the dreadful state of the colony; andjthe petitioners therefore prayed that the number of convicts in the colony shouid be reduced and that employment should be provided for those who were left there in order that they might be en abled to support themselves. The nevys of the lamentable wreck of the'- Calarlqu had reached England, and caused a great sensation. The Old Baily court was occupied oo the 5th and 6th with the trial of Capt. Johnson, for the murders on board the Tory. The Jury returned a verdict of ''-Not guilty, on the ground of insanity when he committed the act.' The prisoner will consequently lie im, riioned for life. ... Sir Robert Peel's Measures.— At a meeting of the Town Council oi Hull, held on Thursday, it was re solved, with only three dissentients ; — "That this council approves of the opposed alterat on in the tariff excepting such parts of it as related tD the, protection of the final abolition of duty upon corn for three years ; and that it is of opinion that the immediate repeal of those duties would tend to the good of the country generally, and that this council resolves that a petition to this effect be signed by the Mayor on behalf of the council, that the corporation seal be affixed to it, and that it be sent to Sir John Hammer nnd Sir w p James for presentation/— Hull Packet.' What Will the League do in Parliamert — This question is thus answered in the League news paper Those members of the League who are also members of the House of Commons will do nothing that can, directly or indirectly, strengthen tbe hands of the monopolists— nothing that can, impede or delay the passing of any legislative measure calculated to give greater freedom to commerce, and to increase the re munerative employment and exchangeable v;ilue of la bour. The Leaguers will lake excellent care so far as they are concerned, that the country shall be put in pos session, on the earliest possible day, of at least that very large amount of commercial freedom which is comprised within the scope of Sir Robert Peel's plan of commercial reform." Frightful Accident on the Southeastern Rait- way. — Between Tunbridgs and Penshut,"oh the South- eastern Railway, the line is carried over a small branch of the Medway on a wooden bridge, resting on brick » work abutments. The stream had been swollen by the recent heavy rains, aud inundated the meadows to a con siderable distance from its banks ; while trie torrent of water through the" various bridges on the line, and es pecially u ider Jthat we have designated, was veryggreat. : It is supposed the flood must have damaged the brick' and earth work; bat there was no appearance of sub sidence; and the plat-layers state that on Monday the bridge appeared perfectly secure, the regular pas senger trains passing over it safely and at their usual speed. The night up goods train, that leav ing Dover at eight, p, m., passed Tunbridge a little after twelve o'clock on Monday night, and as the train was crossing the bridge a portion of the south side fell and the engine, tender and one of the waggons were pre cipitated among the ruins. Tbe guards were alarmed by hearing a loud crash, and immediately perceived a huge outburst of steam and heated coke, the train re ceiving at the saime moment a violent shock, and stop ping instantaneously. For some minutes it was scarcely possible to conjecture whatj had taken place ; but on the confusion and excitement somewhat subsiding, the full extent of the mischief was discovered. Of the en gine just the top of the' chimney cbuld be discerned, while the tender and carriages were immersed. The- at-- tention of the guards was instantly directedto lhe safety of the engine-driver and stoker, two brothers, named William and George Dobie, who were both fouiid, after a few minutes' search, lying on the banks of ihe river; The stoker had managed io swim ashore, dra jgine the engine-driver with him. The driver was almost cut in two. It is conjectured lliat finding the bnd«e parting, and the engine falling into the water, he must have en deavoured to jump off, when he fell between the engine and tender, and the ends striking nearly severed him 'at ' the lower part ofthe stomach. The. guards having promptily communicated the sad mishap' to the nearest stations — Tunbridge and Penshurst— so as ro stop the ' mail or express trains, the sufferers were with all possible haste removed to Tunbridge ; but on reaching that plac® the unfortunate engine-driver had ceased io V-'xisj H,8 brother, who escaped with a few severe bruises, still to mains at lhat place.— Britannia. Match against Time.— Mr. Liley's, bet for £ioo, to ride from Newmarket to London and back in twelve hours, was accomplished a few minut.es undo nine hoQis; ; The distance is about 1 18 miles.— Bert's Messenger. „ The other day, while Mr. Leith, of the Caledonian Hotel here, was walking over a field of Turnips; he ' Started a number of hares, onejof which ran in oa iutro« in which was another hare funning in an opposite di rection, Both continued running with swiftness towards : each other, until they came in contact. H<-h _with such violonce thatjdeath was the instantaneous con- Sequence to both. - . . - The Earl of Belmore died at his seat, Castleconie, county of Fermanagh, after a fortnight's illness. He had nearly completed his 44th year. 