APPEAL OF BELFAST MINISTERS TO THE CHRISTIAN PUBLIC ON TENPERANCE. Brethren,—With a sincere desire, we trust, for your immortal welfare, and with a solemn sense of re-<*> sponsibility, we entreat your attention to a subject of great and general interest. There over our hangs fand the dark cloud of a mysterious providence. A' latal disease affects the potato, the staff of life for mil lions; the food of the poor is wasting away—none but a sovereign God knows how. j Whatever purpose Heaven may intend by this ca- j latnity, our duty is to reap from it lessons of wisdom, to improve it for our own and our brother's good. Waste Is always wrong, but especially wrong in time of scarcity; and a ruinous ill, in time of scarcity, is the waste of human food. Distilled spirit is obtained by the destruction of food; about two hundred weight of grain are destroyed for every seven gallons of spi rits distilled. Distilled spirit has been shown by the experience of milUoos to be, for persons in health, useless; it is acknowledged by aU to be tempting and dangerous; the highest medical authorities declare even its mode rate use to be injurious; and its ordinary use, con nected as it is with a multitude of tyrannical and tempting drinking customs, causes, to a fearful extent, poverty and crime, disease and death. The use of it, therefore, as a customary drink, is wrong—at all times wrong—but especially'and egre giously wrong when the poor of the people are crying for bread. To consume, in a tempting, pernicious luxury, for selfish gratification, that which should give the poor man bread, is cruel injustice to the poor, and perversion of the gifts of a gracious God. Shall Christians venture to ask a blessuig over the " liquid death," expecting such prayer to enter with the cry of the poor, into the ears of the God of Sab-baoth ? We have resolved, in dependence on Divine grace, to embrace the melancholy opportunity which an afflictive providence offers, for advancing by proper means the cause of Christian temperance. We invite all to unite with us in the good work; but especially we beseech ministers of the gospel to labour with zeal and perseverance worthy of their high callings and of; the influence for good which, by Divine grace, they are privileged to exercise. Let those who receive souls in charge be, in temperance and all Christian virtues, lights and guides to the people. We warn the drunkard, that, in impenitence, his end is hell—we lift up a solemn protest against tyran nical drinking customs, by which so many are besotted and enslaved—we entreat all to refrain from using or i giving distilled spirit as a common beverage—we earnestly, and in tho name of a holy God, implore all to promote, both by precept aud example, the temper- j ance which self- preservation and Christian charity require. God grant that the present calamity may be thus overruled for good—that Scriptural education may be promoted—that, a barrier being thus removed from before the Word of the Lord, it may have free course and be glorified—and tltat genuine reformation being effected by the Word of Truth, through the power of the Holy Ghost, the land which was as a wilderness may become like the garden of the Lord! The last Sabbath of November has been appointed for preaching-sermons on (his subject by the ministers of Belfast who are united in promoting Christian tem perance. Thomas Drew, D.D., Thomas Toye, Theophilus Campbell, Robert Knox, Richard Oultou, Robert Wilson, William Stewart, William Gibson, William Cather, J. G. Murphy, L.L.D., Fossey Thackaberry, Isaiah Steen,* James Morgan, William Killen f D.D-, John Weir, John Meneely, William Jolinston, John Edgar. 