"WE PAPAL -INFLUENCE fN SYDNEY AND THE COLONY. (CONTINt'ED FROM OCR LAST.) "And what is religion ? Echo takes up the- strain -a«niJ reverberates throughout the whole globe— . hut is r«jigion ? Ask ihe philosopher. 'It is for . the sou! to soar through universal space, to dive 'into matter and systems, physical and moral, and taring to light- some new doctrine, or to establish .theories once laid down upon more permanent basis by demonstrable proofs of action. Ask the Ntura!ii»t. His adoration is the survey of crea tion's works, animate aerd inanimate, amidst un numbered forms and productions; yet the two great problems, «' What is the essential part of -lie/' and what is the mystic power of death, .-remain by his philosophy yet< unresolved. Ask the Moralist, adhering with every punctilio to prinei pies of the moral law, like him who had kept the law from his youth ;" and this is his religion, A-k the Sen ua isr, and his finger will point to the motto, " Dum vivimus vtvamus." u To- tnor- tow we die," may be subscribed. Ask the man -of the world. Mammon is the deity he serves. A-dc the Pagan idolator. We are led to temples j ..and aliurs to behold him worshipping and sacri- iic tig to his several idol god?. And ask at the j i-pyrtais of the Vatican, what is religion? His' '.Holiness, Nuncio, will insist on the Roman Ca- -sholie faith, instituted and adapted for the wants of bis fellow man, by man himself, insuring con solation in this world, and everlasting peace here after:! But wbaLtecords we see in Divine Revela tion, about man's religion, as we unfold the sacred pagesl. God in ancient days declared. " That 'there were none righteous — no, not one" — that " man's heart was deceitful and desperately . w icked,1' and that . continually. Christianity be lieves/feels, humbles to, heaven and earth's great -Sovereign's condemnation, aud bangs all her-hops on Calvary's cross, whose victim before he died, -'taught, "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they \- shall 3fie God;' Then how dares Popery -rear its -accursed head in defiance of heavenly light thus- revealed, to establish a-religion of its own making ? ii.el us hence briefly notice its points and its' \- w orkings amongst ihe. cmld ren of men iu a spiri tual ; the moral or rather immoral influences having already been developed. . : The self-esistence of .Deity, whose duration and' 4iabit.ition is eternity, aud whose throne " on the .circle of the heavens;" iipurity and fight i rieflable. ' JDvhy, whose atuibutes are omnipotence, omnis- cieuce, ofltl omnipresence, being compromised by .aduratiou and co-equajin, given' to woman, born in -sin, but saved by grace— the great atoniiig and xopiti.nory sacrifice, " by whoin alone access can fee made lo tbe Father/' whose "hiood alone cleanseth from all sin," being rendered invalid by | supplications and prayers offered lo the u spirits of the just made perfect'' in heaven, for their inter- j cessions with the Virgin Mary and her son for j pardon and salvation— the divine influence of tbe S Holy Ghost operating upon the spirit of man in ap proaching to the foot8'oolof Deity, being unknown, i unfeit, and uninstructed, save that the name of the Holy Ghost, (with Roman Catholics,) is an oath, as familiar in common conversation, as the daily rising of the sun— the bowing of the knee to stocks and stones— to images and holy crosses — to lighted tapers and ccvenantal arks— to madonnas and saints —with other household gods, (at times recklessly battered for filthy lucre!) that the soul may be better directed "heavenwards," to the aforesaid real inhabitants therein, by these Papal idolators and blasphemers, coupling vice and infamy on earth with all that is pure in heaven ; and all these evils committed beneath the light of Divine Re velation, violating Ihe three first great command ments — can it be otherwise than that the fourth commandment, "To keep holy the Sabbath day,' should be equally violated and desecrated ? What illustrations Papal Rome — enlightened Papal France — dark Papal Spain and Portugal afford of keeping sacred the seventh day !— prayers to the saints in the morning — prostrations to the god of pleasure in evenings— theatres, balls, masquerades, cards, gambling, ad biftnilum ! In happy Ireland, under king O'Connell's peaceful reign — "Conci liation Hall" meetings — political unions— grand processions — festivals— riot, and rebellion ! Are we not iu Papal Sydney, verging to similar vices, excesses, and profanations f As a commencement, the ringing of St. Mary's bells every Sabbath evening, and this before Protestant places of i worship are closed, to the great annoyance of the i several congregations therein assembled, and meet ings of the Holy Catholic Guild of St. Mary and Sf. Joseph, are far more delightful and enerx'atiug to the spirit of Romanism, than to retire to the closet, ponder over the results of the day, and to close the day in solemn adoration and prayers lor forgiveness ! Let us not forget that the Propaganda is at work in Tahiti, in the full demonstration of Papal- Gallic profanity — unchristianizing Christianity by the most barbarous ruffianism — that St. Mary's and Tahiti are now in league under the most satanic influence, by Irish and French priests, encouraged by the tampering of the British government; nor do we know how soon the Cardinaisof Rome may be introduced, and our metropolis become another Sodom and Gomorrah 3 I Christianity condemns tbe very mode of Roman Carbolic worship, as idolatry. The French priest Dubois, laboured ia India for £0 years to convert the heathen to Roman Catholicism ; but after all he discovered that. the Hindoo worship, in word and I foinis, and deeds, was exactly that of his own per.-J suasion ! No doubt but the three-Roman Catho- j lie priests recently arrived into this colony from j thence, will corroborate Dubois assertion. The ! natural and certain iuference is, without any bypo- j thetical arguments being employed 4o bring the matter about, that the Hiudoo worship, being! Paganism, Roman Catholicism must be just the same! How blest, therefore, must New South! Wales be with this overshadowing of Paganism | and superstition ! How joyful the anticipations! at the arrival of Juggernaut ! —and how happy the ! people of Protestant faith, being thus called upon to contribute lo the support of this religion, by colonial legislation.; yes, this religion which Pro testant missionaries in India labour to pnt down, with abundant success! 