\- Skctcbes tn london. BY TKO AUTHOR OP RANDOM HECOLCKCTION8. PENNY THEATRES. ' PBKNv TiiK\TnB9, pr " Gaffs," os.tlioy arc usually called by their- frequenters, oro ^places of juyeuile resort in the metropolis, which are known only by name _ tb''tho great mass-of . the population. ,1 myself know nothing of those pinces in any other, why until I lately visited a number of them, ,wilh jjhe'view of.making them the subject of ono of my sk'|tclics.; Milangil* the Penny Theatres in London cannot bc ascertained with certainty, it is beyond all question that they are very numerous. They are to be found in all tho poor aúd populous dis-' triàts.' Ratcliffe' Highway, Commercial Road, Mile end Rdad, St.. Oeorge's-iii-the-FÏelda, arc thickly studded with them. ' lu the New'Cut alone I kuow of three, while in the west enid of Marylebone they are riot only numerous but some of them nro of a .yery large size. It can scarcely be necessary to soy that all tho Penny -Theatres ore uuliceused. A large proportion of these places have in the winter scaspn from two to nine distinct audiences;. About three quarters of on bohr's worth'of tragedy, or Çomê'dy, or farce, or, very likely, nil three hashed up together, is all tim: is allowed fur a penny, and a^yfiry good pennyworth tho actors think it is, too. At the end of tho " first hoiise," there is a clearing out pf'the audience, which is followed , by thc iu. gres's of'aùôther set of ".little.fellows.". If ónyone chocjso.to treat himself to thc second "entertain; meut for tile evening/' he must pay for his pleasure by the prompt production of penny tho second, and' so on at .every successive clearance,; till tho last aceite' of nil is cuneted. Supposing, which certainly is a moderate computation, that there are eight; Penny Theatres', and til at forty out of that number have severally their plurality of "houses" every night, and average 4.H0 patrons; that would give an entire aggregate uiglitly attendance of 18,080, to which if wc add for the cither forty penny estab- lishments which are sup'posed to have .only " ono hoaseV per îiûjHt, Ô.0Q0;. wo should have an entire average attendance* dii the Penny Theatres of thc metropolis of 24,000. , The audiences of these places consist almost of youths from eight to six- teen years of age. Now and tiwi, it is true, yon . will see an audience diversified by some coal heaver, rejoicing in a dove-tailed hat, or, it may be," an .adult chimney- sweep, whose Booty visage,' with^bis head graced by a. night-cap, is sure .to t .fi^fi^itit^fg,^^^^^^^. .The^d^tinetjons. of boxcar, pit.'and. gallery,' are.rrhlwwwn. ^f^öll.ßar-" leiy together^ - The Ascent 1s? b:y o'-olumsy sort of ' ladder, that he who ilfäuius-it and descends without .breaking his tieck, has' abundant cause for gratitude. The, stage' and the lowVr,scats of the gallery com- municate with each other, so that should the actors or äctresseä'chance to .quarrel with tho oc- cupiers of the first row (and snob things'do some- times happen), they can adjust their .differences by ia flstical-decision. The wardrobe, of these gentry is equally, limited in quantity nifd moderate in ex- pense. Tho " lovely bfidS" atidnt to/be led to the hymeneal riítafj rtppea'pá in tho samo apparel os the widow overwhelmed with grief; the ghost of Hamlet is to bc sëén id the same suit as Paul Pty. In fine weather thc musicians'who compose the . orchestra (h*o fiddlers) stand nt tho door as a kind of decoy dnck. In November last a very,ludicrous scene, arising out of a squabble between two of thc actresses,' a's fo who had'tba best right to a crust of bread which required to be munched, occurred nt one of theso establishments in the neighbourhood of thc Surry Theatre. "I db not recollect the rin'me of thc piece represented; bñ't thc leading characters in the plot wore'a queen and n duchess. These oh'arac't'crá wdfü s'ustaincd by two females, tall and bony, nnd v?itli á most hungry expression of coun- tenance. ', Everything woni on smoothly enough for a time. At length her Majesty ordered dinner to 'be provjded for herself and' thc duchess. The sor vant iii waiting promptly prit apiece of board across two chairs, which was nt'áifó to-answer thc pur-" pose's of ii table ; a piece 'of cloth which had nil jiie appearance oM>oihq half of a pntntoe sack, was sprend ns the only snbstitnto for a table-cloth which Ibo palace could afford. Whiln dinner was hoing laid, they itad,.as became tho dignity of their station, retired io' tito robing-room, which robing room is made out of a cut- off corner of the stage, add everything that passed in it was distinctly heard hythe nndion.ee';'nt til rs: time thc.stngo being uri-' . occupied, ovcry word that was spoken by the cx allcrf personages in tho little room was audible. In tbs first.instance, a sort of whisper wa^. heard, ..which soon broke.out into sounds so loud as to be ^. atooiUerrifia^-^ twonU-I^LAu't-Ï will ^ot lau her-liàf^ÏÏ^^Igltràgsiii,^ said lier Majesty, ad« vanoing to tho door of the little room/arid quite: savage as well as hungry. ? "Let her have it to-night," said a voice, 'evidently that of ninan, soothingly, "and it will bc your turn to-morrow night." " Oh, bnt "I won't though," shouted the - queen. " You hove had it twice for my onoe for a, week past," said tho duchess. It ¿cerned to be quite ,ir question with many of the audience whether the parties were notunlly quarrelling or only neting. *? Miss," said her Majesty, with much affected dig- j ni ty, " you don't speak tho ? truth." " Mom," shouted thc duchess, " I po. speak the truth ; you know you have an appetite as there is no satisfying, you starvation-looking 'ooroan." The nildienca, nu might bc expeoted, wéfc quite shocked nt the insult thus offered to bet Majesty. " Vy don't yon divide it between yon," said a voice in the gallery. " Ay, do," said the actor already referred to ; " ny, do - there's good creatures, and that will olid all dis- putes." Well, I don't mind if I do it this ohco," said her'Majesty, with . great condescension, to which the duchess assented, without n inurmer. Defore they lind munched thc .piece of bread, n noise like that of an infant screaming wns heard to proceed fcpm behind tho curtains, and in n moment ofterwards a shrill, tremulous voice from thc same locality, evidently nddressod.to 'lief Majesty, was heard to sny, " Make haste, Mrs. Junks-do, pray, moke liaste, forSubelln is crying for tho brenst." Thc mutter was-clcnr in an instant ; tho screaming proceeded from n young princess. Her Majesty, to her credit bc it spoken, did not allow.the dignity of lier Situation t& interfere with her maternal duties, but hastily suntching tip tho remainder of her slioi'o_of the slice of bread, and poking it into her mouth, quitted tho stage to administer to tho wants of ber infant princess, leaving the duchess to enjoy her dinner nt leisure. 