the triumph of protestantism OVER POPERY AND IDOLATRY: EvAey day's experience furnishes striking, exam-, pies of the fulfilment oi the sacred prophecy, thai all nations of i he earth, and all the people that in habit them shall, before the eud of all things, con Jerm to the simple and unadorned worship of the Creator of the Universe j and authentic reporis frojn every nation, which ore continually pouring in upon us, fdrnish unequivocal proof of the pro gress of civilisation and refinement, in the abolition t|f those absurd and idolatrous rites which have, from time immemorial, crept into the true Ca'kolic or Universal Church, as established by Christ hirn- selC In support of the assertion, and of the fallacy -of that Church, which blasphemously arrogates- to itself infallibility, we have only to direct attention to the horrible disclosures made on the trial of a priest in France, which will be found in another part of this day's paper, and also to the subjoined accounts which are now before us, from which it appears that, owing to the efforts of some European and Armenian Protestant missionaries stationed in Constantinople, a large number of the members of the Armenian Church .has been induced to read the .Holy Scriptures for themselves-:; the natural re- suit has followed, a renunciation of the errors of their former creed, and an abandonment of the idolatrous practices of the Armenian Church. With a view to put a stop to, the progress of this -work of truth, however, ,the Armenian patriarch has ful- minated an anathema, of which the following is a copy';— . . . " Be it known to thp pious flek of our Ck«r,ehes. in the metronctis. thit on t h- ts-t xa»t>ath- th«v de cree of auaibema waji jsad for f the inlomajiou of ih« piouv ; but some of the people understood it as refer- ring only to that cut sed nonentity Vestumnos (an Arme- nian priest who has become a protestant) ' falsely called priest,' and not also to the others. Therefore we have considered it necessary -to repeat it to-day, -and to inform you, not only that the accursed one (Vertumnos) but also all that are of his sentiments, -deceived, and blasphe- mers against the Holy Ghost, and followers. of the cor- rupt sect, .are accursed and excommunicated, arid anathe- matised by God, and by, all his saints, and. by us. Wherefore whoever has a son that is such-a one, or a brother, or a partner in business, and gives him bread, or assists him in making money, or has intercourse with him as a friend, or does business with him, — such per son know that they are nourishing a venomous serpent in their houses, which will one day injure them with its deadly poison, and they will lose their souls. Such persons give bread to .1- da«l such persons are enemies to our holy faith of Christianity, and destroyers of holy orthodix Church of the Armenian, and a disgrace to the whole nation. Wherefore tHeir houses and shops also are accursed ; and whoever, goes to visit them we shall learn, and make them public in the church by terrible anathema." , From h letter now before us, we : extract the fol lowing usssagfs. descriptive. 6( the results which have followed the issuing of "the aboie revolting document : , 'Since the Armenian Patriarch has, e xcathedra,. ut tered his curse, fathers and mothers who .have gospel reading , children, have turned , their sons and daughters out of doors in a s'ate oi destitution, lest the curse they have incurred should spread through the whole family Many, .too, of the excommunicated have been dismissed from the employment oi their masters from the: same dread. Of their own countrymen no one will buy from them, and no one will sell to them ; and even the water .carriers uf the streets, who are mostly ('ineniane, refuse i- to take water to any: house where any of the accursed reside. But these are merely what- may be called the legitimate effrcts of khe curse— its illegitimate effects, or those, which superseded malice has brought a boit, are still worse. Of thesp the most- hard to endure is tbe depriving of these poor people of their tescaris, or the refusing to give them any ; for yon. must know that wi'.hout a tescari, which is a passport or carte de iurete, no subject of the Porte is allowed to open a shop or carry on any business whatever, or to abide in any other except his native place. The fesrarir, however, to be valid, require the signature of the chief of each man's '.guild" or corporation, who can also, on any pretext lie' may please to put forwtard, demand its surrender, and1 incited thereto by the Patriarch, the chiefs of the Armenian "guilds" have used all their power against the ' gospel readers.' Many of these persons within the last wc-ek have been obliged lo abandon their shops, -q- any other calling, however, humble, by the sudden deprivation of their tescaris ; some have been hurried forcibly away to their native places at immense distances —and where they have no means of existence ; and all who couid in any way be come at, have experienced the most prosecuting rigour, proceeding from the Pa triaroh, though his hand does not directly appear in it. At this moment so many of these gospellers have been made outcasts, th«t there are not less, than twenty of them in the house cf a Scotch clergyman here, who has afforded them refuge arid lood in their exirrmest need.; and there are several others, both, individuals and fatntr lies, vvho haye found lodgings and ; subsistence. in the homes of the American missionaries, by following whose instructions to read the Gospel, and by frequenting ' whose? religious services all the evil has beeti brought upon- them" ' ! Now- any one conversant with the precepts and practices of the Romish Church, will not fail to re cognise the same spirit of intolerance, bigotry, and persecution in the idolatrous Armenian Church and its Guilds— in its attempt to neutralise the pious efforts of the Protestant Missionaries, and to keep their deluded dupes in that Cimmerian darkness which - the light of the Gospel alone can dispel— with the Romish Church of Christendom and its Jesuitical Guilds, nicknamed " Holy." The two churches are identical in idol- worship, tyranny, and malignant persecution of those who dare to follow " in spirit and in truth,' the divine commands of the Saviour to " Search the Scriptures.'' Indeed, it is by no means wonderful, that the priesthood should take alarm, and rise up en masse , with de- termined resolution to prevent their deluded dupes from seeing the dangers of that thraldom in which the chicanery of their order has inveigled them; for they well know, that did their besotted votaries — besotted with ignorance, superstition, and folly— exercise the talents God has given them, indivi dually, to be applied to His service, and for.the purpose of their own eternal salvation— did they "search the Scriptures''- as His son Jesus Christ has commanded all His creatures to do diligently, as the only infallible guide to Heaven, and pre- ventive against the awful punishment consequent on disobedience — of course, the tricks of priestcraft would be laid bare to their enlightened vision by the glorious light of Gospel revelation ; and they would no longer submit tqiin usurpation of divi nity assumed by those " reverend rogues in robe.\," of whom the French priest, previously referred to, furnishes so fair a speciineov The revenues, pi the infallible Church would diminish, and the in-" flue nee of religious domination and tyranny would he shorn of its terrors. The base and wicked oc cupation of the priesthood of those idolatrous and blasphemous Churches, (the Roman and Ar- menian), would be, like Othello's, 'gone."— Christianity— 'Catholic Universal Christianity— would flourish in fulfilment of the prophecy of God, and all people upon earth, no longer divided by sectarian differences in religions creeds— would unite in harmony and love, to glorify and rejoice in the universal light of Heavenly .grace. The era of this " consummation so devoutly to be wished," is approaching with rapid strides.- ' Coming events cast their shadows before," it is commonly remarked; and, if we mistake not the signs and wonders in the political and religious hemisphere of modern times, we venture to prognosticate, at no very remote period, the total overthrow of Popery, -and all such diabolical", " weak devices of the enemy to estrange the Christian world from the true and simple worship of the living God. It is evident that, throughout, all Christian na tions, there is a simultaneous effort making— and a powerful one— to escape from the trammels of superstitious error, at the present time, from the slates of Germany to the Capital of Turkey, (Constantinople), along the shores of the Medi terranean,. and even across the Bay of Biscay to; the British Channel ; not to mention the more northern. states of the great European Continent. The exposition of the Reformed German priest,; Ronge—' the Lutheran of the age— of-the imposture of the Holy Coat, is in itself enough to open the eyes of alls Europe, and the world,- to the chicanery and wickedness of Popery, and Priestcraft! From these premises, we do not imagine it re quires any very great depth of erudition in the art of vaticination, or even of witch craft, to discern the ultimate results of these religio-potilico tom-fooleries, The recipro- cal conversion from each church— the, Anglo- Catholic and .the Roman Catholic— are the be ginning of that purification of each, that will, ultimately, ensure their indissoluble union, as the Holy Catholic Church of Christ, as established by Him on earth ; and the cleansing of each by the uproot, expulsion, and voluntary secession, of unworthy members, cannot be better exemplified than by the parable of the wheat and the tares, which those alone, who are permitted to "search the Scriptures,'' can apply with wholesome effect and without our assistance. Those of the be nighted flock - those virgins whose lamps were extinguished and oil exhausted when the bride- groom came, " as a thief in the night''— of course they cannot,- comprehend its- application, 'and- from our hearts we pity them. - One thing, however, is manifest, that Protestantism -is triumphing over the meretricious decorations of solemn Popish mockeries in the 19th century— that common sense; aided by the invisible spirit of the Most High, is gradually undermining the ' rotten foundations of the Popish citadel at Rome, and that the Temple of Zion is in rapid- course of erection on an im mutable basis of Christian faith, the rock of ages —upon which Christ established the genuine, true, and apostolic Church— the Holy Catholic or uni versal Church — which it is foretold will prevail by the Divine prophecy, and which we see every day. in progress of fulfilment— before the .; Wreck of matter and the crash -of worlds ;'' the corner stone of which is, and was -and ever will be, Jesus Christ, who with the Father and Holy Spirit, alone is acknowledged deserving of the homage and worship of Protestants." 