THE LATE POPISH RIOTS. Many of our readers having expressed an anxious desire for the publication of a full, true, and particular account of the late Popish riots in time for transmission to the mother country by the mail of the Glenbervie, we gladly comply with their wish. FIRST DAY. The 12th of July, the anniversary of the final battle which drove the recreant King James from the British throne, and firmly established the Protestant religion in our native land, happening this year to fall upon the Sabbath, the Orangemen of Melbourne, belonging to the Irish, Caledonian, and Olive Branch Lodges, made arrangements for the celebra- tion of the customary festival in the large room of the Pastoral Hotel, in Queen street, the landlord of which had ob- tained the necessary permission from the licensing magistrates for keeping his house open during the night on the oc- casion. The numbers expected to be present being unusually large, and the preparations on a correspondingly splen- did and extensive scale, considerable in- terest was excited, and the house was thronged during the early part of the day with parties desirous of witnessing the arrangements for the festive scene. At two o'clock, the preparations being complete, the banners of the three Lodges were unfurled, amidst defeaning cheers, and exhibited, according to im- memorial usage, from the windows of the banquetting room, their rich and varied colours as they fluttered in the breeze producing a highly pleasing effect. At this period, the hotel was thronged with Orangemen, and the rabble without, though numerically strong, were quiet as mice. The preparations for a riot had, however, been going on for some time, indeed had been preconcerted for several days, for Batman's Hill was covered in the morning with numbers of the more daring of the ruffians, assembled under pretence of getting up a hurling match, but in reality to organise a plan of attack upon the Orangemen. About four o'clock, the first symptoms of disturbance mani- fested themselves. During the interval, most of the Orangemen had imprudently left the hotel to make ready for the ban- quet, and there were at the time the assault was made only thirteen of the body in the hotel, of whom only seven were fur- nished with the means of defence. The crowd outside had, meanwhile, been greatly augmenting, and just before the riot commenced, several bands of ruffians (chiefly the hurlers of the morning) armed with muskets, fowling pieces, and bludgeons of all sorts and descrip- tions, were observed hastening in the direction of the scene of action. The 'intentions of the mob being now clearly apparent, it was deemed prudent by those who were inside the hotel to prepare for the coming danger, and ac- cordingly the doors were closed, the ban- ners taken in, and other preparations made for receiving the onslaught. The rioters at first confined their outrage to the hurling of brick-bats, and missiles of a like description, of which, however, no notice was taken by the small, but deter- mined party of Orangemen inside, their policy being to reserve themselves for the more serious affray, which they well knew was coming. Soon the more serious weapons of attack were brought into play, occasional shots mingling with the showers of missiles which were being directed against the hotel, a man of the name of Leary, a cooper, residing in Bourke-street, being the first who re- sorted to the use of these deadly wea- pons. Some time prior to the period we are now speaking of the Chief Constable, observing the threatening aspect of affairs, had deemed it his doty to acquaint the Mayor, who was presiding at a meeting of the Town Council, that a serious riot was to be apprehended, and his Worship now made his appearance in the crowd making his way to the hotel under the protection and guidance of Mr. Michael M'Namara, Mr. Councillor O'Shaugh- nessy, and Mr. Patrick Kennedy, three notorious ring-leaders of the Irish rabble on such occasions as municipal elections. The door of the Hotel was opened for his Worship's admission on his arrival, and immediately on setting his foot within the door, though shaking like an aspen fear from downright fear, he demanded these "odious- colours'' to be handed out, a demand so outrageously absurd, that we can scarcely suppose the man who made it in the perfect possession of his senses, but which, it is scarcely necessary to say, was not complied with. All parleying on the subject was, however, very speedily brought to a close, for the mob outside, on a signal from Mr. Patrick Kennedy, took advantage of the opening of the door for the admission of the Mayor, and made a rush at the stair-case where they were met by the Orangemen from within who maintained their position with so much spirit that the assailants, though more than ten to one, were glad to retreat, leaving the hotel once more in posses- sion of its courageous little garrison. The battle now commenced m good earnest, the Orangemen firing from the windows, and the rioters form- ing themselves outside under the cover of their women and children, who formed a bulwark they well knew the Orangemen would respect. A skirmish- ing warfare of this kind was kept up for some time, the Orangemen now and then damaging their cowering assailants, for- tunately without harm to the female body- guard, and without themselves receiving a scratch, indeed the only one of the body who sustained any damage was Mr. Whit- taker, the painter of two of the Orange banners, who though unarmed and unof- fending in any way, was felled with a bludgeon on the rush being made at the doors, and dragged out into the street, where the ruthless savages literally jumped upon his insensible body, till he was dragged from their clutches by Mr. Gordon of the Pastoral Hotel, assisted by Mr. Timothy Lane, of the Builders Arms, the latter a Roman Catholic, and one of the very few individuals of that persuasion who sought to quell the dis- turbance. Of the Popish party in this skirmish three were wounded severely with musket balls, and several others slightly, but no lives were lost. His Worship the Mayor, who had thus unwittingly been made the leader of the assault, was in the house in the early part of the affray, huddled up in a corner out of harm's way, but when the assailants were repulsed, and the house cleared, he was conveyed in safety through the back premises to the street, whence he made his way to the Police Office, and sent to call out the military, who soon made their appearance, under the command of Lieutenant Wilton. By this time, however, the sound of the musketry had brought numbers of the Orangemen to the rescue, and as the body was beginning to assume a some- what formidable appearance, the assail- ants had deemed it the wiser policy to give up the contest, one of their leaders calling out to them to " go away, as it was of no use attempting lo dislodge the Orangemen then-but to return at night, and pop the b- b-s off, one by one, as they came from the dinner." With the arrival of the military several of the Town Magistrates made their ap- pearance, and the Riot Act having been read, two of their number, Messrs. Moor and Westby, instead of taking measures for quelling the disturbance, demanded admittance into the Pastoral Hotel, which was no sooner conceded to them, than they immediately issued orders for turning the Orangemen defenceless into the streets, the rabble outside, who had just been seeking their lives, being still left in possession of their fire-arms, and allowed to walk off without molestation. The same worthy magistrates also issued orders to the landlord to shut up his house for the night, and prohibited the holding of the dinner, which latter fact Mr. Moor, at the bidding of Father Geoghegan, made known publicly in a harangue to the mob, and the announcement (as may well be supposed) was received with the most exulting cheers. All was now restored to quietude for a time, but the poor Orangemen, who had been guilty of the serious crime of de- fending their own lives, had not yet got over their troubles, for though watch-house room was not found for one out of the many hundreds of armed ruf- fians who assailed the Pastoral Hotel, and who were patrolling the streets with their loaded muskets under the very noses of their Worships, not fewer than four of the defenders of the house were lodged in durance vile for the offence of having fire-arms in their possession, one on the warrant of his Worship the Mayor, and three by order of Messrs. Moor and Westby, and bail was refused for their appearance on the following morning at the Police Office. The Rev. Mr. Geoghegan, the Roman Catholic clergyman, was on the ground almost immediately after the disturbance commenced, and assisted by one or two of the more respectable members of his congregation, did all that was in his power to allay the tumult, but finding his efforts unheeded, and the contest every moment becoming fiercer, the Rev. gentleman allowed himself to be per- suaded to leave the field of battle, feel- ing, as he has since said, that if a ran- dom shot should happen to come his way, the fury of the rioters would not stop short of laying Melbourne in ashes! Second day: The night of Monday, contrary to ge- neral expectation passed off without dis- turbance, excepting from the occasional discharge of fire-arms which was conti- nued throughout the night, but seemingly without any definite purpose, for the only actual outrage committed was the break- ing of a poor fellow's head, who had the misfortune to be taken for an Orange- man. In the morning, however, matters wore a more gloomy aspect. Up to 12 o'clock all was quiet, the more prominent of the leaders in the riot of the proceeding day being engaged at the Police Office in hearing the cases of the Orangemen im- prisoned on the previous evening. That farce gone through the party dispersed, and immediately after the rioters of the preceding day were seen hurrying along the streets with their muskets in their hands. Apparently, however, the ar- rangements for the day were at this period very incomplete, for the mere machines in the contemplated affray—the brute herd brought up to face the danger from which their cowardly leaders shrunk, seemed utterly at a loss how to dispose of themselves and their arms, some rush- ing to Mr. Michael M'Namara's resi- dence, and some to other similar locali- ties. Eventually, however, a public house in Elizabeth-street, kept by a person of the name of Collins, was fixed upon as the general rendezvous, and there having properly oiganized their force, and, no doubt, recruited their energies with a decent allowance of Dutch courage, they formed in order and proceeded to the open ground in the rear of Dr. Patter- son's residence, where they took their position, and awaited the result of the events in town. At twelve o'clock the Orangemen met at the Bird-in-Hand, Little Flinders street, for the purpose of deliberating as to the course it was proper for them to pursue under the unjust aud unconstitu- tional treatment they had received at the hands of the authorities on the preceding day. The attendance was numerous but owing to the absence of some of the principal officers of the different Lodges, watching over the proceedings at the Police Office, it was deemed advisable to delay entering upon business until their return. Mean time Mr. Hull, one of the Town Magistrates, having heard of the meeting, called at the Inn, accompanied by several of the respectable inhabitants, and was shewn up to the Lodge Room, where he was received with the utmost courtesy. Mr. Hull inquired as to the nature and objects of the meeting, and was told that it Hwas an assemblage of Orangemen, met for the purpose of deli- berating as to the course which should be pursued in consequence of the events of the preceding day ; an armed meeting, it was true, but armed simply for self- protection. Mr. Hull expressed his gra- tification to find that the meeting was one of a peaceable character, and retired promising to communicate with his Wor- ship the Mayor, informing him that such was the case. About this time informa- tion reached the Orangemen as to the proceedings of their adversaries, which led to the dispersion of their force into the different positions in which attack was to be apprehended, and a separation, without coming to any other conclusion than to be in readiness in case of attack, was actually under consideration, when intelligence was received that the autho- rities, followed by the military, were approaching, was received in the Lodge Room. The Magistrates, it appears, had had a private meeting at the Police Office, at which his Honor the Superintendent at- tended, when it was resolved to call the services of the military, again into requisition, and the red-coats being in attendance their worships placed them- selves at their head, and commenced their march followed by an immense multitude of gazing spectators, whom gaping curiosity had attracted to the spot. Arrived in front of the Inn, the cavalcade called a halt, and his Wor- ship the Mayor, whose valour had not recovered the shock of the previous day, asked an accompanying magistrate to ad- vise him as to the propriety of reading the Riot Act, but found his proposition met with a stare of wonderment, the party queried, asking whether it was the assemblage they had themselves gathered together his Worship meant to declare tumultuous as none else were there to read the Riot Act to. A brief parley then ensued, which resulted in the des- patch of a constable up stairs to inform the Orangemen that it was the order of the Magistrates that all the public houses in the town should be closed forthwith for the day. The Charlie made his ap- pearance accordingly, and having some- thing of the Greek in his own com- position, he discharged his mission by rudely pushing into the room and ordering all and sundry to turn out. Somewhat to the poor man's discomfiture he found neither himself nor his message taken the slightest notice of, and he was consequently soon fain to slink down stairs like a dog carrying his tail be- tween his legs. After a brief interval, the Chief Constable made his appearance up stairs, bringing with him the order of the magistrates for the shotting up of the public houses, and his demeanour being of a somewhat more courteous des- cription, he was informed that the meet- ing would not separate unless assured that the authorities were both able and willing to afford them protection. Mr. Sugden retired to communicate the result of his mission, and shortly after Mr. Heape, J. P., adventured himself into the lion's den, bouncing in in the first instance with a rather flippant air which, however, was soon sobered down into a more becoming tone. Mr. Heape said it was the order of the magistrates that the meeting should disperse imme- diately, and unless they did so at once the Riot Act would be read. Mr. H. was informed that the meeting being a perfectly orderly one, and assembled for no illegal purpose, the reading of the Riot Act would not be cared for, but as it was a bounden duty of Orangemen to assist and obey the constituted authorities of the land, the parties present were perfectly willing to comply with the wish of the magistrates provided the authorities were able and willing to afford them protec- tion ; united they were perfectly able to defend themselves, and being so they would not after witnessing the con- duct of the authorities on the previous day in disarming and delivering over a very small number of their body to the tender mercies of an armed rabble who had just been seeking their lives, leave their present position until assured of protection. Hr. Heape said he would communicate the wishes of the meeting to the Mayor, (who it seems had during this interval eased his fears by reading the Riot Act,) and ap- prize them of the result. Mr. Heape thereupon retired and after a brief con- sultation with the Mayor and the other authorities returned to the inn with the assurance that the required pro- tection would be afforded. On re- ceiving this assurance the meeting broke up. The cavalcade, which had meantime been stationary in front of the Inn, then turned back to Elizabeth-street, and keeping the line of that street marched as far as the Roman Catholic Chapel, in the vicinity of which the armed rebels had taken up their position. Here ano- ther halt was called at a safe distance, and a second long and anxious delibera- tion as to the course to be pursued under such alarming circumstances, was begun. During this parley a little bye-play was executed by Mr. Alderman Russell, one of the Town Magistrates, who valiantly rode up to the rioters, and addressing them as his "good men," assured them that he knew " they meant no harm (!)" and advised them to return to their houses. The Alderman's courtesy was acknowledged by a round of cheering muskets in hand—which having graci- ously acknowledged, the civic hero plunged the rowels into his steed, and cantered back to his admiring colleagues, no doubt inwardly congratulating him- self on his magnanimous exploit. The Riot Act was then read, and again there was a long consultation, one or two of the Magistrates urging the immediate disarming and dispersion of the insur- gents, and the others hesitating and trembling for fear of the consequences. The timidity and vacillating which marked the counsels of the authorities, now began to be apparent to the assem- bled spectators, and even ths rioters themselves manifested by their shouts of derision their consciousness of the pusil- lanimity of their assailants. The officer in command of the military, justly indig- nant at the humiliating position in which he was placed, stepped forward, and re- monstrating against his men and himself being paraded through the streets with- out cause, asked leave to disarm the mob, but his request was unheeded, and it was actually eventually resolved to beseech the rioters to disperse quietly, a resolution which was acted upon, and most graci- ously assented to by the rebels, who, giv- ing three cheers in token of their tri- umph, separated, and marched home, carrying their weapons along with them, a result so satisfactory to the magistrates that, we are informed by one of the local journals, his Worship the Mayor re- marked "it was really gratifying to ob- serve parties disperse so readily at the wish of the constituted authorities." At an earlier period of the day another, and still more disgraceful scene, had been enacted in the same vicinity. That being the first day of the Criminal Session of the Supreme Court for the current month, his Honor the Resident Judge, (who has incurred the ill-will of these ruffians by the punishment he awarded to the man Maher, the Tipperary rioter, who was convicted at a late session of the court,) was presiding on the bench. Shortly after the rioters assembled, in the vici- nity of the Roman Catholic Chapel, his Honor's carriage was observed passing in the direction of the Court-house, and the couchman was assailed by some fellows in the crowd with the most scur- rilous abuse, and threats were held out as to the way in which his Honor would be served if he happened to fall into their hands. This occurrence either was not mentioned to his Honor, or else it was unfortunately disregarded, for on the closing of the court, his Honor drove homewards by the same road, and when near the place where the threats were used, a couple of shots were fired in quick succession, obviously in the direction of his Honor's carriage, though the dense- ness of the fog prevented the ruffians, who did the unhallowed deed, from being exposed to view. His Honor imme- diately turned his horse's head, and made his way back to the court, where he remained for some time, and then drove into town by way of Colling- wood.* With the dispersion of the rioters, terminated the riots of these two me- morable days, but the magistrates, as if determined to make their imbecility manifest to all men, immediately set about the cowardly expedient of taking informations, and issuing warrants for the appreheusion of the very parties they had, a few minutes previously, had before them in the very act of offending against the law, and with their weapons in their hands. Some dozen or so were quartered in the gaol for the night, and next morn- ing held to bail to answer any charge the Crown Prosecutor might have to prefer against them. Out of these riots sprung a number of Police cases which well deserve being chronicled, as shewing the mode in which justice is administered to the Orangemen at the Melbourne Police Office. Two cases will probably suffice. A respect- able young man, an Orangeman, of the name of James, appeared before his Worship the Mayor to prefer a complaint against Mr. John O'Shaughnessy, a Roman Catholic, and a member of the Town Council of Melbourne, who he al- leged had assaulted him, without any provocation, on the public street on the afternoon of the 13 th, shortly after the riot in front of the Pastoral Hotel. Mr. James stated that he was coming quietly along the street when he met the defendant coming from the direction of the Pastoral Hotel, who called out that complainant was an Oraugemau, and stopping him on the street demanded to know whether he was going to the Pastoral Hotel, to which the complainant replied in the affirmative, whereupon the defendant struck him a blow which knocked off his cap, and the mob then making a rush at him he pulled out a pistol and threatened to shoot whoever would molest him, whereupon he (complainant) was ordered into cus- tody by Messrs. Moor and Westby, two of the Town magistrates. The defendant admitted the assault, but pleaded that he was acting as a peace-maker, and had his, feelings greatly irritated by seeing that the complainant had a yellow handker- * An attempt has been made to deny that the shots were fired at the Judge, and his Honor, we know, is anxious that it should be considered they were fired by mere chance. The wish is a highly creditable one on his Honor's part, but our duty is to chronicle facts, and as the circumstances, save as regards the actual direction of the shots, are admitted to be as we have stated, them we fear that, however, the wish may be the father to the thought, there are but few unprejudiced men who will be willing to acquit the Popish rabble of the nefarious design.-En. M.A. chief in his pocket. The Mayor said the justice of the case would be fullly met by the sentence he was about to pass, and fined the defendant—sixpence! On a subsequent day the same Mr. Councillor O'Shaughnessy appeared be- fore the court as a complainant against another Orangeman named Cuthbert, whom he had got apprehended on a war- rant, and bail refused, on an information charging that he (Cuthbert) had said, in the shop of Mr. Hamilton, the saddler, that during the riot in front of the Pas- toral on Monday, he had fired at O'Shaughnessy, but his aim had unfor- tunately not been good. This charge was deposed to by one out of four persons in the shop, the remaining three swear- ing that Cuthbert had not said that he had fired at O'Shaughnessy, and the landlord of the Pastoral Hotel, swearing that the defendant was not in his house during the riot. The justice of this case the Mayor met by ordering Cuthbert to find surety in a heavy amount to answer any charge the Crown Prosecutor might prefer against him, but on the remon- strance of Mr. Duerdin, who said there was not a straw's weight of evidence against his client, Cuthbert was dis- charged on his own recognizances. OBSERVATIONS. To so speaking a detail it is almost un- necessary to say one word by way of com- mentary, add we should not do so but that it might be supposed that the Orangemen had given some previous cause for the outrage and injustice with which they were treated. Nothing could be further from the fact. Though existing in Melbourne for upwards of three years, the Orangemen have never manifested any other than the greatest forbearance on every occasion, having time after time suffered the exhibition of party colours and standards and the playing of party tunes without offering the slightest molestation, and never even exhibiting their own banners until the late festival. There was nothing, there- fore, on their part to give occasion for such a manifestation of blood-thirstiness on the part of their assailants, and no- thing whatever to justify the injustice with which they were treated. The reader, however, who witnesses the fact of the authorities assisting instead of re- pressing such an unprovoked outrage, and the despicable pusillanimity of these same authorities, when, with an armed force of British soldiers at their back, they quaked and quailed, and truckled to a disorderly crowd, can need no key of explanation to their behaviour. TUE PROTESTANT WARNING. Ye Orangemen of Melbourne, who fondly dream'd the laws Were strong enough at least to clip the Papist rabble's claws, No longer ou the broken reed of Government rely, But " put your trust in God, my Boys, and keep your powder dry!" Sharp ground be every sabre which hangs against your wall, Well furnish'd every loyal house, with powder and with ball; For of these Ribbon braggarts, naught so soon the courage chills, As a dose of good steel lozenges, when follow'd by lead pills. Alas ! for England's honor, when our Rulers prove so weak, As to be to Rebel smilers, compell'd to turn the cheek ; But they've truckled to them long enough, and now must surely know, The laws' arm is not strong enough-'tis we must strike the blow. We'll do it, though we will not ask their help or their advice. In " Ninety-Eight" our fathers' task required no striking twice- Whose swords upheld the British Throne, and taught the Rebel South Submission's bloody lesson from out the cannon's mouth, Shame fall the lukewarm Protestant, who tamely stands and sees A Romish mob, uncheck'd, work out their Church's vile decrees. And of the coward Magistrates, dishonor'd be the graves, Who basely fled before the threats, of such Priest- ridden slaves ! Then closer draw the Mystic Ties, which all our souls unite, While still our Flag unconquer'd flies, as is Boyne Water's fight ; It triumph'd then-but should it e'er victorious cease to fly, We will not fear its fate to share, or 'neath its shade to die ! CROMWELL'S GHOST. Melbourne, 16th July, 1846. 