A BLOW AT THE ROOT OF POPERY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE " SENTINEL.' Sir-t Perceiving that the devotees at ' Superstition's shiiue' are more in the habit of scrutinizing the produc tions of their opponents, in order to descry grammatical errors, than with any design of answering the argument they contain, I purpose, in this short letter, to make a few observations on some of the fundamental errors of their, system, intending therefiy to awaken a spirit ot enquiry among that poor-blinded and deluded people. \- One of the main reasons why so many (otherwise intelligent individuals,) are found clinging with tenacity to the.absurdiiies of Popery, is the prejudice springing from their education. In the first place, many fooleries and errors are instilled into tlieii minds, even in infancy, and llie8e erroneous ideas 'grow with their growth, and strengthen with their strength— they are born, live, and die Papists, without examining any article of their be lief, and without being able to give any other reason why they believe all the self- contradictory propositions imposed upon them, but their being taught so from their infancy ; they believe incredible stories, such as the dogma of lraiisub?taniiation, and make no difficulty of assenting to impossibilities, since it is the current doc trine of their catechisms. Thus we ptove that prejudice ear'y_ imbibed, and preserved by silencing a spirit of -enquiry (for the Popish church denounces free enquiry on religious points as sin), is one of the foundations upon which their ' Babylon'stands. " Ignorance," said a Popish priest, "is the mother of piety ;" if he meant ' the mother of Popery, he was right; but true piety likes to follow up our Lord's counsel, given by St. Paul, «' prove all things and as Paul disputed daily in the school of Tyrannus, against prevailing errors, so true piety teaches us to bring our opinions, doctrines, and practice, to the law and the testimony, "even God's own word." Popery trembles, lest by " searching the Scriptures" and tracing the words which designing mes hate mis translated (in order to preserve their assumed power in Abe church), up to their original ; their lording over rifn s consciences, be known to be at variance with the religion of the New Testament, and contrary to 'the practice of the Apostles. That I may prove the clergy of the Church of Rome to be making void the word of God, in assuming their tides and in claiming their anti-christian dignities, I shall apply the sword of the spirit in lopping off some of the spreading roots from their tree of error— a tree up which their priests climb, to raise themselves above their people. iTbe word 'diacori' is so manifestly mis- translai'ed in various places (even in our Protestahl) New Testament, that I cannot pass it over without remarking that it evidently appears that the t-anslators wishe to preserve for themselves an unscriptural authority in the church. In John xii. 26 , our Lord has promised that where he is, there shall hisdiacorie (servants) be; and every Christian that would be esteemed amongst his brethren should be ' deacW (i.e. servent) of all. (Matthew ix. 35). Timothy, though called a Bishop by tradition, was by Paul called 'deacon or servant Paul also calls himself ' deacon or servant; (Col. 1.23) It is worthy of remark that the same word which-, is rendered bishop or deacon in some places, is rendered prove in another letter. But why divide the Chiistiari church into clergy and laity at all ; .or why perpetuate errors by attaching false meanings to words which tie illiterate do not understand ? To blind the perple arid make them the willing dupes of the pnest. St. Paul lid not address any of his epistles to priests or beneficed clergy— and why ? Because such Demases .grasping for filthy lucre were not then in the church. To show the glaring impiety of Popish 1 holy orders,' 'as Papists call it,) we have only to refer to (t Cor i.e. appointed itself to the ministry; and Paul enjoins he' Corinthians id submit themselves to such; Where fo we find anything like pontifical ordination here? Ministry in the New Testament, as it relates to the Church, is service of the saints to God, and to one mother ! There is no mention made of his holiness the Pope, in the New Testament, (although his usages are i herein foretold as maiks of Antichrist,) neither was the f .olish trappery worn by Popish priests, worn by Claris! r his Apostles. No wonder if Gibbon (in hts " Deel ne tnd Frtll," chap. 20 ) could produce arguments wh ch j none of his pontifical opponents undertake to refute ; iecause in attempting to refute them, they would -have published the fallacy of their own position— the an'i- -criptural character of theii "assumnd dignities, to the world.1 Calvin in his Commentary (Acts viii \Q) ob serves, " It is not tolerable, seeing the symbol (ot im position of hands) was only for a season, that the Pa- .isis should have coined a perpetual law for it in the Church, as it the lloly Ghost were always at their inger end ; for we know thai when the pledge of the race of G ->d is plainly set hfore us, and without the ealiiy, i' becomes a jest too hard to be borne— nimis I'oedum luiibrium In vain do we look for a rope in tne nsttermen ot Galilee, or in the-person of Paul the tentm iker. The 7 lory of these celestial Christians was one, and the ter- 'estial, earthly, glory of the Pope is quite another; The Romish priesthood in their theory of official power, and heir idea of prerogative, raise their heads in pride, and lerch the vulture-eye of their ambition upon the golden leece ; thus forsaking Gad for the world, as Deriiasdid; vliile they silence the murmurs of weak minded bppo- lents I y sophistry. To the Popish priests (so called) f s?v " He that would take upon himself the proper .ffice'of a priest" 'ought first to be circumcised, having iroved himself of the undoubted lineage of Aaron — :oinplying wiih every. requirement mentioned in the hook if Leviticus: Let any man read the 7th chap, of Ileb; with an unprejudiced mind, and the airy phantom of priesthood by men, under the Christian Dispensation, will vanish into smoke. Monks, Friars, Popes, priests; what unscriptural beings 1 Meaning every lash given in this letter as a blow tb Popery, I remain, Sir, yours, &c;>, GULIELMF; 