LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. By the Glenbervie we have English iews to the 10th November, several clays later than previous arrivals. We subjoin copious extracts from papers of the latest date. THE PRIVY COUNCIL. (From the Times, November 8.) There can be no doubt whatever, that the Corn law has formed one of the principal, ifi not the primary subject for the consideration of her 'Majesty's Ministers,, in their late and protracted deliberations in. priyy coun .,cii a tnihej resllt, i it this critical moment, when starvation, or something very little short of it, actually stares in the face several millions of her Majesty's subjects, has been looked for with'the greatest possible anxiety. The .result has,not as yet been allowed publicly to transpire, but we are enabled to state upon.authority upon which we can place the.most implicit reliance, that a ma jority of the cabinet have resolved upon thi. continiation of 'he ,Corn: laws. as they at present exist, and without the slightest nmodification. :I 'ow ilils will be received by 'the country kill be. seen; '.but our own opinion is that it will create considerable disaffection throiughout thei whole of the manufacturing districts, and be received with great pleasnre by tiose who have lately speculated largely in grain. (From the Times, November 6.) Whilst the public mind has;been Icept'in a state of suspense, the Minis terial Councils have been distracted with divisions as to the extent and remedies of the famine crisis. It has ever been so. The tenacity of human hope clings to, and the weakness of huiman reason parades, slight pretexts in the presence of impending ca lamities, It is not until the danger becomes too great to be resisted with success or, confronted with courage that the errors of a rash confidence and the folly of a specious procrastina tion are confessed ; and then the im mensity of the crisis is put forward as an excuse for acts which were once justifiable on the score of prudence, but have finally become inevitable from necessity. It is no use for men, whether in the Cabinet or out of it, to disguise or to understate the magni tude of the impending danger. It is no use for them to argue that, because wheat is cheap in England, there is no chance of famine here; or that the failure of the potato crop in Ireland cannot affect the corn markets in this country. The facts are known to every man who has had the will and opportunity for inquiry. Wheat is cheap. But what wheat? The very worst that is brought to market. Good wheat, the wheat which sup plies the table of all middle-class families-is already dear. What then, may it be expected to be four, five, and six months from this time? The juggle of the averages returns a fictitious price just now by confound founding the good with the bad. The averages determine the duty, and the duty is such as to exclude a supply from abroad. Under any circum stances, therefore, it is reasonable to anticipate that before the period of another harvest arrives, the staple food of all classes will have become dear; that of the poorest and lowest, dear beyond the possibility of pur chase. But when.we take into con sideration the state of the continental markets - the deficient crops in France, Belgium, and Holland, and the prospective demands of those countries on the granaries of Europe \- the case is complicated with new difficulties and new absurdities. It is not many weeks since a large quan tity of corn was taken out of bond in England and shipped to foreign ports; let the present duty continue but a few weeks longer, and much of that which remains in bond will be exported to countries whose wants may not be greater, but whose wisdom is more provident than our own-who know the advantage of laying in a store against a season of distress, and who know not the slippery virtues of the sliding-scale. We shall thus pre sent to the eyes of the civilised world the singular spectacle of a nation voluntarily poor in the midst of great wealth, hoarding up stores which it forbears to touch, and starving itself for the good of its neighbors. How ever the philanthropy of such a country may be admired for its vast ness and its novelty, yet mankind will question its sense of justice, especially when they remember that this tem porary self-denial is to be compen sated by a future extravagance; and that though we abstain from buying when we might buy cheaply, we shall enter the markets when competition has' creat'eddearhess, and dearness hais been 'followed by general distress. The:guests in 'Lucian's ghost banquet passed each delicacy by in succession, because' memory and imagination taaght .them to expect that the latter would b' daintiei. thani the first.' We have no such hope. We .lose the opportunity that nature offers and prudence should accept, wiith the cer tainty that it will not return. We. are enamoured of scarcity for its own sake, and embrace the haggard naked ness of dearth with inexplicable fond ness. And when at last we fly to our resources, it is to drain ourselves and famish our rnighbours. 