LECTURES BY THE MINISTERS OF -THE CHRISTIAN UNION. CHRISTIANITY COMPARED WITH POPERY: IBY THE REV. J. EGOLESTON. On Wednesday, the 17th instant, the Rev. Mr. Eggleston delivered the Fourth Lec ture before the Christian Union. He said, we are to bring before you this evening the contrast which subsists between Christi anity and Popery. We designate the system of religion taught by the Church of Rome, Popery, not trom a disposition to employ a reproachful epithet, but because we know not of a term more expressive, and less objectionable. The term catholicism assumed by that church, we ought not to employ, as it inflicts a wrong upon those apostolic churches, that were never in com munion with the Church of Rome, and that protested against her schismatic as sumptions in calling her chiet pastor, the universal bishop, and herself the Catholic Church. It may be thought invidious and illiberal, to contrast Christianity with Popery; but we believe the defection of the Church of Rome to be so extensive, as to divest her of the essential properties of the Christian institute. We are to consider Popery as a system ; we do not wish to dwell upon its professors. We should be sorry to conclude that no Papists are Christians; but we do think that they are so, in spite of the stumbling-blocks and tramnmels of the system. We do not say, that the system itself contains no Christian truth; but we shall have to allude to a cumbrous load of heresies, which buries and paralyzes the faith once delivered to the saints, and presents a form of anti-christian error and spiritual despotism, against which every lover of truth ought firmly to protest. We have no uncharitable feeling towards the members of the Romish Church : it is not to grieve them, that we would show the dangerous labyrinth in which an assumed and despotic priesthood has involved them; the circumstances of the times demand that a warning voice should be uplifted, and that the members of our churetics should be guarded against the encroachments of error. The time allotted for this service, will compel a limited line of contrast to be drawn, and deimand brevity in adverting to the various positions we lay down. In our statements of what Popery is, we shall confine ourselves to their authorized standards of doctrine and discipline --the decrees of councils-bulls of popes- the authorized formularies of devotion, as ex plained by some of their most eminent ad vocates. This test is peculiarly applicable to a church claiming infillibility. Butler in his book of the Roman Catholic Church, declares it a tenet of their creed, "that what their faith ever has been, such it was from the beginning, such it now is, and such it ever will be." Drs. Doyle and Murray, in their evidence before the House of Lords declared "that tihe most approved, and authenticsuinmary of the Roman Catholic Church, is found in the decrees of the coun cil of Trent, and in the profession of Pius IV." Dr. Milrrer also stated, that Pope Pius' creed is everywhere recited, and pro fessed in the strict letter. We cannot, therefore, be charged with misrepresenting the system, while we confine ourselves to documents of this class; and our quotations from Scripture will be from the Douay Bible. The first point of contrast we would insti tute is in the rule of faith. Christianity furnishes an apostolic foundation jfo, main taining the purity of faith and morals. Po pery has substituted a fallible, unauthorized and uncertain rule of ffaith, which tends to progressive corruption. Christ is tie author of our faith. On the mount of transfiguration he was proclaimed by his Father the sole prophet and lawgiver of mankind. He selected twelve apostles to whom he committed the truth. On com pleting his personal ministry he said to them, " All things whatsoever I have heard of my Father I have made known to you."' In his sacrificial prayer, alluding to these chosen apostles, lie said, " The words which thou gayest me I have given to them, and they have received them, and have known in very deed that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me."?- He commissioned these apostles to be the authorized expounders of the divine will, pledged the immediate inspiration of the Holy Spirit to bring to their remem brance all things that he had said to them and to teach them all saving truth,$ and the miraculous gifts of the Spirit to attest * John xv, 15, t John xvii. 8. 4 John xlv. 26, the validity, of their commission. The au. thority' they 'received was absolute. Christ gave to them " the keys of the kingdom of heaven ;" said to them, " Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound also in heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed also in heaven."* " When the Son of Man shall sit on the seat of his majesty you also shall sit on twelve seats, judging the twelve tribes of Israel."h After his resurrection lie said to the apostles, " As the Father has sent me I also send you. When he had said this lie breathed on them and said to them, receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained."$ They were thus empowered to declare those truths by which the salvation of mankind should be regulated, the terms on which also divine forgiveness and grace should be bestowed. It was with reference to this absolute apos tolic authority, that St. Paul declared that " God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ, according to my pospel,"§ and in his epistle to the Galatians, i. 9, "If any one preach to you a gospel, besides that which you have received, let him be ana thema." Hence the church is represented as " built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner-stone."ll The twelve foun dations of the New Jertsalem have in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb."¶ To settle the canon of divine truth then was their exclusive prerogative. When endued with power from on high they pro claimed this truth, appealing to their mira culons gifts, and their power to confer those gifts on others, as God's seal to the truth of their doctrines. They have left us these truths in writing, and thus afforded an in corruptible means of their preservation,** that after their decease, as St. Peter says, we may have whereby we can keep a me mory of these things. The four gospels contain the life and teachings of Christ. The Acts of the Apostles give the substance ot their sermons, the truths by which per sons were converted to the faith, and the epistles contain expositions of the same truths, and of those taught to converted in dividuals. The Jewish Scriptures were authorized by both Christ and his apostles, and were appealed to to establish doctrines. So that in the Old and New Testaments we have God's authorized word, the only foun dation for faith and morals. Wecall it the only foundation because there are no other writings by individuals bearing these divine credentials. The different churches planted by the apostles carefully collected these writings together, and affixed to them their testimony to their authority, and these apostolic records were incessantly appealed to by the early fathers as being the only ground of legitimate appeal to determine divine truth. When we refer to the Scrip tures as the only foundation for faith and practice, we do not mean that this is the only means of instruction and edification. Christ has instituted a stated ministry-a succession of pastors and teachers-and he blesses the communion of saints with each other, and renders their various talents mutually edifying; but the Bible is to fur nish the material for the pulpit, and is a test to which we are authorized to bring all doctrines and precepts. Ministers are to "preach the word," and the people are to reject those who " bring not this doctrine." The written word secures the orthodoxy of oral instruction, and protects the people against being turned aside unto another gos pel; and thus Divine Providence has af forded a brief, simple, and comprehensive means of preserving the purity of faith and morals. Popery however has not been contented with God's written word. The key of know ledge has been snatched out of the apostles' hands, and buried in a fallible unauthorised and uncertain rule of faith which admits of progressive corruption. Several uninspired books have been interwoven with the ca nonical Scriptures; the traditions of men have been placed in the same rank with the oracles of God; and the authority of the church (or clergy) is claimed to fix the only meaning that is to be attached to the word of God itself. The Council of Trent in the 4th session, after enumerating the books of Tobit, Ju dith, Wisdom, Ecclesiasticus, Baruch, and the 1st and 2nd Maccabees, with the books of Scripture, issues the following decree: " Whoever shall not receive as sacred and canonical all these books, and every part of them, as they are commonly read in the Catholic Church, and are contained in the old vulgar Latin edition, let him be ac cursed." These books are intermingled with the writings of the Old Testament as though they had ever been acknowledged as ca nonical; whereas they never formed a part of thie Jewish Scriptures; they are not con tained in the catalogue of the inspired books given by Josephus the Jewish historian; * Matt. xvii. 18. t Matt. xlx. 28. $ John xx. 21-23. § Rom. Ii. 18. II Eph. 11. 20. ¶ Rev. xxl. 14, *" 2 Pet. 1. 15. they. were never alluded to by our Saviour or his apostles; nor are the Jews charged with mutilating the sacred volume, which they would have been had they excluded canonical books then existing. The early fathers, on whose authority the Church of some lays so much stress, exclude them from the canon. According to Du Pin, an eminent Popish historian, they were not admitted into the sacred canon during the first four centuries. The council of Lao- dicca, held between the years 3060 and 370, and representing the universal church, or- dains in her 60th canon, that the canonical hooks of the Old Testament are those ac- knowledged by the Jews, and excludes the apocrypha. These canons, says Du Pin, have been received by the whole church, and been put in the code of the canons of the universal church. The books themselves bear internal evidence of their human ori- gin; they contain false history, false doc- trine-the authors do not pretend to inspi- ration-suicide is praised as a noble act in one, and the last tart of the Old Testament, according to the Douay Bible, contains the statement that the author has done his best, and if he has erred it must be pardoned him ; and yet the council of Trent had the temerity authoritatively to add these books to the word of God, and pronounce an anathema on all who refuse to receive them. Not merely has the word of God been thus adulterated, but unwritten traditions are placed on a level with the inspired records Pope Pius' creed declares, "I most sted- hastly admit and embrace apostolical and ecclesiastical traditions and all other obser- vances and institutions of the same church." The council of Trent in the 4th session, refers to the word of God as embracing the Scriptures and unwritten tradition, pre- served by the Catholic Church in con tinued succession; and demands for tradi- tion an equal veneration with the Scrip- tares. The Douay Bible on 2nd Timothy iii. 10, contains the following note _"Every part of Divine Scripture is cer tainly profitable for all these ends. But if we would have the whole rule of Christian faith and practice we must not be content with those Scriptures which Timothy knew from his infancy, that is with the Old Tes ment alone, nor yet with the New Testa ment, without taking along with it the tra ditions of the apostles and the interpretation ofthe church to which the apostles delivered both the book and the true meaning of it." Dr. Milner in Ihis End oft Controversy* says, the Catholic rule of faith is not merely the written word of God, but the whole word of God written and unwritten, in other words Scripture and tradition, auid thee- pro pounded and explained by the Catholic Church." -" This implies that we have a two fold rule or law, and that we have an in terpreter or judge to explain it and decide upon it in all doubtful points." Dr. Wise man in his lectures on the Catholic Church + says in substance, that by the unwritten word of God they mean a body of doctrines which in consequence of express declara tions in thie written word they believe not to have been commnitted to writing, but deli vered by Christ to his apostles, and by the apostles to their successors. These doctrines are received from thie church (i.e. the clergy) with implicit credit as the authorised teach ing of Christ; because of Christ's promise to be with the apostles and their successors. He says we are not to suppose that these doctrines are nowhere recorded ; for if a doubtful point arise, a council of the church is convened, and the fathers of different countries and ages are consulted and a de cision is arrived at; that decision Irhe con siders cannot be false or incorrect, as it would argue thie fatilure of Christ's promises to his church. Hence the creed of Pope Pius contains the following declarations " I acknowledge the holy Catholic and Apostolic Ronoan Church the mother and mistress of all churches, and I promise and swear true obedience to the Roman bishop, the successor of St.Peter, the prince of the apostles, and tire vicar of Jesus Christ." " I also profess and undoubtedly receive all other things delivered, defined, and declared by tie sacred canons and general councils, and particularly by the holy council of Trent and likewise I also condemn, reject, and unathematise all things contrary thereto, and all heresies whatsoever condemned,' rejected, and anathematised by the church." The Popish Rule of Faith then is Scrip ture, including the Apocrypha, Tradition, Canons, and Decrees of Councils; and all as interpreted by the clergy. The tradition itself is in the hands of the clergy, and .its correctness is to be determined by the writ ings of the fathers, and especially by the Bulls of Popes, and the Decrees of Coun cils. The warrant the people have for re ceiving them is the infallibility of the church. The foundation of this superstructure is baseless: the apostles were infalliblein their toeaching, but there was no promise that their successors in the ministry should be, only so fir as they abide by apostolic truth. Tihe Scripture passages on which the claim to 'infallibility rests, are insufficient to af ford proof, and there are scriptural and * Lect x. p. 63. t Lect, IlL,p. 00, ol. historical facts, which completely unnihi- late the popish construction put upon them. Our.Saviour's address to Peter in his con- fession of faith is adduced,--" Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not pre- vail against it."* Instead of the church be- ing built upon the: doctrine of Christ's deity, which Peter had confessed, it is con- tended that it was upon Peter's person, as a reward for this confession; that he was thus constituted the supreme pastor in the church of Christ, and that a plenitude of authority to determine matters of faith and discipline was vested in him and his succes- sors; and that the gates of hell not prevail- ing against it, alludes to the infallibility which would always characterise the church under this pastorate. That this view was' never intended by our Saviour, or under- stood by the apostles is. evident, from the fact that after this circumstance the dispute arose, who should be the greatest, and our Saviour emphatically condemned such ideas of lordship, and asserted their equality under himas their sole master. An allusion is also made to our Saviour's address to Peter after his resurrection, " Lovest thou me more. than these; feed my lambs; feed my sheep." It is.argued, that his chief pastorship required a larger amount of love, and that he was set over pastors and people The address, however, had evident allusion to his self-confident assertion " though all men forsake thee, yet will not I." Peter instead of being fluttered, was grieved at this pointed and repeated challenge of his love, because lie felt its ullusion to his grievous fill. It was his personal restora tion to office as an apostle and pastor in the church. It would be a monstrous applica tion of the language to consider the rest of the apostles as sheep, and the church as lambs. We are expressly informed that Judas by transgression fell from his aposto late. Peter by transgression fell also.; but in this instaince, we have his formal restora tion to office. That Peter never assumed the supremacy is evident from the Acts of the Apostles. James presided at the meeting of apostles at Jerusalem, and gave the decision in the case respecting the Gentiles, although Peter was there, and spopke on the occasion. The other apostles sent Peter and John forth on a mission; they called Peter to account for preaching to the Gentiles. The apostle Paul says he was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles, and alludes to Peter, James, and John, as seeming to be pillars. He withstood Peter to the face, and reprehended him for his momenary weakness, and unfaithfulness in dissimnu lating. And while there was no supremacy ceded, it must not be from that passage we date Peter'spersonalinfallibility,forinmmediately after, he erred so grossly on a matter of' faith, that our Lord rebuked him strongly for the worldliness of his conceptions. We allow that Peter was infallible on the day of Penticost, and in accordance with his constitutional temlerament, a prominent apostle of the Lord; but it was in con nection with his brethren, and by virtue of a comlmonl commnission, the signatures of which, were evident to give binding imn portance to their testimony. That the churches planted by the apostles were not infallible in their pastors, although the immediate successors of the apostles, and only could be preserved from heresy by a faithful adherence to apostolic teuching, might be illustrated by every epistle ad dressed to them. The Galatinn Churches Sare charged with being turned aside to t another gospel. The Thessolonian Church had erred respecting the second coning of Christ. The Collosian Church is warned to beware, lest any man spoil them through I philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradi I tions of men, after the rudinments of the world, and not after Christ. The apostle in addressing the bishops of the Church at Ephesus, predicts that of their own selves, men should arise speaking perverse things. Was the Church of Rome less fallible? Read the eleventh chapter of St. Paul's Epistle, and you will discover that the apos tacy of the Jewish Church is alluded to in terms of emphatic warning; and the apos tle declares that nothing but faithfulness can preserve her from a similar apostacy, and dreadful abandonment. The seven \- Churches of Asia in the Apocalypse, are addressed not as being under one chief pas torate, but as separate and independent Churches, under their one master, Christ, who is head over all things to his Church; and they are all either charged with defec tion, or warned as liable to it. If we leave the word of God, and inves tigate the channels through which the stream of' infallIbility is said to flow, we shall find a mass of contradictions, display ring the utter falsehood of the claim. The Church of Rome knew nothing of any su periority in her bishop in the first ages of the Church. St. Jerome in his epistle to Evagrius, speaks of the Church of Rome, as merely occupying a place amongst the other churches, and declares the bishops of ' Matt. xvi. 18. each to have equal authority; he strongly I f condemns practices which had crept into tl the Church at Rome. He refers to the bi Presbyters of Alexandria from the time of al Mark the Evangelist, as choosing their own bishop, and ordaining him in order to tl maintain unity in their oridal ; Stillingfieet 1 adduces a passage from Eutychus, the pa- A triarch of Alexandria, to the same effect. n It is not yet decided authoritatively c, where the seat of infallibility centers. tl Some say in the pope as the successor of St. tl Peter, others in the pope at the head of a a, council, others in a general council alone. o Take either definition, and history annihi- a lates the claim. Is it in the Pope as St. tl Peters's successor? The lineal descent si cannot be traced up by the Church of il Rotate. It is questionable whether Peter te ever resided in Rome, or had any special y oversight over the Church there, the mass p of scriptural evidence is against it. His y successors are variously stated ; but sup- v posing Peter was at Rome, and the succes- I sion list could be satisfactorily made out, c they could not inherit his apostolic qualifi cations, and so can furnish no proofs of in- ] fallible guidanee. If we refer to the list of t Romish bishops, we shall see pope arrayed ji against pope, ?and some of them characters i1 so depraved as to deny to theims any scriptu- I ral:claim to divine connection. Pope Gre- c gory VIII. decreed that whoever assumed I the title of Universal Bishop was the fore- i rtinner of Antichrist: three years alter the < title was assumed by Boniface III. Sixtus c in the year 1590 published an edition of I Jerome's Vulgate, to change, or add to, or omit any part of which was ftrbidden, on the pain of the greater excornmunica tion; yet within three years of this de- I cree Clement the VIII. suppressed the I edition of Sixtus, and brought out one of h his own, in which there were more thian 2000 variations. Elutherius and Victor both sanctioned the heresy of Montanus, who declared himself to be the Paracleta whom our Lord promised to send to his dis ciples. Marcellus relapsed into heathenism, I and for a season sacrificed to Pagan idols. Liberius and Felix were both Arian deniers of Christ's Deity. Zosimus was a Pelagian, denying original sin and the necessity of renewing grace. Vigilius obtained the see by bribery, banished the bishop who had been canonically elected, favoured the Servian heresy, and changed his opinions four times. Honorius I. determined in favour of the Monotholite heresy, and con demned the orthodox bishops. John XII., although not in holy orders, at the age of sixteen ,-as placed by Alberius his father, a Roman consul, in St. Peter's chair. Car dinal Baronius designates him " a monster of iniquity;" he was convicted of simony, perjury, sacrilege, murder, and blasphemy, and deposed by the Emperor Otlo, who appointed Leo VIII. in his room. He at tenmpted by force to resume the chair; but while the Emperor was preparing to make an example of him, he fell a sacrifice to the vengeance of a dishonoured husband. John XVIII. was a layman. Hlis successor, Benedict IX., bought the Papacy in the f tenth year of hisage, and after being ex I polled by the Romans for hisawiul profligacy, and again securing it, finding his seat en dangered, sold his right and title to in fitllibility, to the ignorant and unlettered Gregory VI. John XXIII., after purchasing the cardinalate, poisoned his predecessor Alexander V. He was eventually deposed for his various crimes. Alexander VI. after disgracing himself by various de baucheries and cruelties, by a righteous re action of Divine Providence, poisoned him self through taking by mistake something he had prepared fur his cardinals, who were invited to an entertainment with him. Onuphirus, a learned Italian, in his chroni cles of the Popes, acknowledges no less than thirty different schisms in the papal see. And Macquin the priest, in his discussion with Pope, admits that there are eleven Popes, whose conduct and lives can be arraigned as absolutely criminal. Were there fewer, view them in connection with God's declaration in the 50tn Psalm, "but to the sinner God hath said why dost thou declare my justice, and take my covenant in thy mouth, seeing thou hast hated discipline, and hast cast my words behind thee;" with our Saviour's com mend, " Beware of false prophets who come to you in the clothing of sheep, but inwardly they are ravening wolves; by their fruits ye shall know them;"" and with the de claration that Judas by transgression fell " Respecting the first bishops of Rome, authors are not agreed. Euseblus, writing in the fourth century, complains that; being the first to venture upon the inquiry into the successions of the apos tles, he felt like one that was ' attempting a desert and untrodden path,' and that he was utterly unable to find oven 'the bare traces of those who had gone before him, save here and there some slight marks discernible like signals from afar.' And in the latter part of ila work, speaking of the labours of St. Peter and St. Paul, he admits that he ' knows nothing of the persons whire laboured with them, especially in Asia, except what may be learned from Paul's epistles."-Dublia Uaiversity. t Matt. vii. 15. from his apostleship,* and it must be seen that if there had been a promise of infalli bility, it must be conditional, and cannot apply to the Church of Rome. 'If we turn from popes to generalcouncils, there is the same fallibility; the council of Laodicca, held in the year 300, rejected the Apocrypha; the council of Trent has pro nounced an anathema on all who do not re ceive it; the. council of Ephesus, held in the year 438, forbade the setting forth of the Nicene creed; tie council of Trent, in addition to this has enjoined all the dogmas of popery, on pain of excommunication, and Pope Plus immediately after formed three dogmas into a formal creed, and thus stamped the Church of Rome with novelty in her articles of faith. She asks the Pro testant Churches tauntingly - where was your religion before'Luther? were they dis posed to retort they might ask-where was your religion before the council of Trent, where your confession of faith before Pius IV. ? where is that creed to be found in the canonical Scriptures? The councils of Constantinople and Elvina decreed against images in worship; the second council of Nice us positively en joined them, and the council of Frankfort, according to Baronius, decided against them both. Not merely have we council against council, and pope against pope; but rival popes have for a length of time been occu pants of the papal chair, ordaining their cardinals, and these having their bishops and priests; and saints from both have been canonized. The council of Pisa, held in 1409, excommunicated Gregory XII., and Benedict XIIf., who had been long contending for the chair, and elected a third pope, Alexander V., in their stead; and they refusing submission all reigned at once, and for a length of time the schism continued. The sixth general council de clared Honorius I. a heretic. If popes have erred and councils have erred, it will not be pretended that the pope can impart to a bishop, an infallibility he does not possess, or that a bishop can convey to a priest that which he has not received ; and yet implicit submission to the teaching of the Church is demanded'. How fearful is a system which under such cir cumstances claims for tile clergy the right of withholding the inspired volume, and de signates themr the only authorized ex pounudersot the divine will. And yetin the fourth rule of the Congregation of the index we have this authoritative statement,-'' It is in this point referred to the judgment of the bishops or inquisitors, who may by the advices of the priest or confessorpermit the reading of the Bible translated into the vulgar tongue by catholic authors to those persons whose faith and piety they appre hend will be augmented and not injured by it, and this permission they must have in writing. But if any one shall have the pre sumption to read or possess it without such written permission, he shall not receive ab solution until he have first delivered up such Bible to the ordinary." When such per mission is granted Pope Plus' creed is bind ing--" I also admit the Sacred Scriptures according to the sense which the holy mother church has held, and still does hold, to whom it belongs to judge of the true sense and in terpretation of the Holy Scripture. ; nor will I ever take or interpret them other wise than according to the unanimous con sent of the fathers." Of what use is a Bible with a chain clasped round it and padlocked thus? Where is the unanimous consent of the fathers to be found ? There never has been a combined and anthorised commen tary sanctioned. We would not undervalue the early fathers of the church, their piety and talent, so far as they appear in their writings, ought to be profited by; but they were not authorities while living, and how death and the lapse of ages can canonize their writings we are at a loss to conceive. Few of the early fathers wrote: we have but fragments of their writings; and both pro testant and Roman controversialists charge each other's churches with mutilating and dismembering those that have come down, when they are not found to accord with their systems. Why they should be supposed to understand the Scriptures better than theo logians in the present day is hard to con ceive-they were not inspired-the Scrip tures are the same ; and every age, having the advantages of the biblical criticism of former ages, ought to be better fitted to display the treasury of truth. We are asked how it is that we receive the catfonical Scriptures on their evidence, and yet deny the authority of their writings. 'There is an essential difference between receiving It the evidence of a witness to the authenticity of a will, and admitting the authority of that witness, irrespective of the will, to interfere with the disposition of the property. We are thankful for their evidence of the fact that such books were written by such in spired persons, and were received by the churches as inspired records: but they do not claim to be infallible teachers, nor can we elevate them to that position. And the system that binds a people not to under stand the Scriptures in any other way than " Acts i. 25. according to the unanimous consent of the fathers hoodwinks them, and forbids their forming any judgment of them at all. How can a member of the Rorish Church tell the sense she puts upon them? She has given no infallible commentary. The one printed and circulated is not binding; it has been altered in successive editions, notes are omitted that were originally published. A learned author, in allusion to this subject, says-in addition to the Scriptures, take the Apocrypha Tradition, Acts and Deci sions of the Church, embracing 8 fol. vols. of Popes' Bulls, 10 fol. vols. of Decretals, 31 fol. vols. of Acts of Council, 51 fol. vols. of Doings and Sayings of Saints; add to these at least 35 vols. of the Greek and Latin Fathers; to these 135 fol. vols. add the chaos of unwritten traditions, which have floated down from the apostles' time, and then add the exposition of every falli ble priest and bishop-and what a sea of uncertainty you are launched upon I What Romanist under such circumstances can have any definite rule of faith? He is taught to believe by proxy. By what au thority is the word of God thus bound to traditionary record, and not allowed to move without a living interpreter? The apostle's address to the Thessalonians is ad duced, "Therefore brethren stand fast and hold the traditions you have learned, whe ther by word or our epistle;"* so also in Gall. 9, "as we said before, so now I say again, if any one preach to you a gospel besides-that which you have received, let him be anathema." This only proves that the apostles' personal teaching was as bind ing as their epistles- he does not allude to a gospel brought by a successor as the binding one. We have no other proof of the gospel thus preached than their writings afford. Not a single sentiment can be au thorised as delivered by them which their writings do not contain, and hence we are bound to abide by their records. It is urged that several books of the Old Testament are lost, and some of the epistles; if so, the church's infallibility as a keeper of Holy writ is demolished. But the sacred books have been in other than human hands. There is no proof that a single book is lost; the mere allusion to other books is no proof of their being canonical. The apostle al ludes to and quotes from heathen poets, but that does not rank their writings with the scriptures. The epistle "to Loadicea" might be rendered from Laodicea; it was cus tomary to send copies of the epistle round to the different churches, so that there is no evidence that a scrap of inspired truth Jas been lost. If a loss had been sustained we have no means of supplying it; tradi tions of men would not supply the place of the word of God. The apostle's address to Timothy-" hold fast the form of sound words," " the things which thou hast heard of me by many witnesses, the same com mend to faithful men who shall be fit to teach others also," is adduced. These pas sages show who are the only lawfully qualified successors of the apostles--faith ful men, possessing a knowledge of apos tolic truth ; men with the Bible in their head and heart, and with gifts suited to the ministry. Will any be prepared to say that the boasted apostolical succession of the Popes, &c.;, will bear the test of this di vinely inspired rule, and that there exists a succession of bishops of this class in unbro ken 'unity? Where is this form of' sound words which was committed to Timothy, and has been handed down? It cannot be produced, and we are therefore compelled to go to the written record to find it. WVhile the apostles lived they were legitimate sources of appeal in any controversy; after their death, their writings supplied their place. We could adduce numbers of pas sages fiom the early fathers in proof of the fact that the Scriptures were considered sole authority in matters of faith, but time will not admit, as there is scriptural evidence of the fact, that they were intended to occupy this position. We just adduce one for the sake of its brevity: Irenmeus, who flourished in the second century, says, " the gospel which the apostles preached, afterwards by the will of God they delivered to us in the Scripture, that it might be the founda tion and pillar of our faith."t In all ages since the written revelation was given, it has been the only warrant of doctrine, unless the immediate and miracu lous sanction ofGod attended the individual. Joshua, although the companion of Moses, was commanded to make the written law his study and guide, as he valued prosperity: the people were commanded to study it to teach it diligently to their children and domestics; it was mande their birthright. The I19th psalm, the 118th in the Douay Bible, proves the estimate formed in that day of the written word as perfect and suited to make wise the simple and convert the soul. In the time of Jehosnphat the itinerant instructors, and in Ezra's time he and his pious associates, used the written law to instruct the people. The people * 2 Thess. ii. 14. t Ironmeus Adveri. Heres., B. III. c. ii. p. 169 1670\. Elliott, p. 37. were permitted to test the prophets by the Scriptures," to. the law and to the testimony." Our Lord recognised the inspired writings as occupying this position : he declared that if he had not done among the people the works that no other man did, they would not have had sin in rejecting his testimony. When he sent the 70 he gave them mi raculous powers to warrant their demand upon the submission of the people to their teaching. To prove to the apostles his own authority to abrogate the ceremonial and typical parts of the Mosaic ceremony, the voice came from the cloud of the excellent glory on the mount,"this is my beloved Son, hear him." The Scribes and Pharisees had exactly the same views of oral tradition from the time of Moses, that the advocates of Popery assert to have existed from the time of Christ; but when they were appealed to, he emphatically condemned them as teach ing fordoctrines the commandments of men, and making the commandments of God of no effect by their tradition. To guard the people against such unauthorised teaching, our Lord assured them that they were blind leaders of the blind, and both would fall into the ditch. A passage is frequently appealed to as rendering even their teachings binding -" The Scribes and Pharisees have sitten on the chair of Moses, all things whatsoever they shall say to you observe and do."* But this alludes to the seat of legislation. The Romans permitted the Jews to administer their own government; and as goodsubjects our Lord enjoined upon his disciples the duty of reverencing the powers that be; as religious teachers he warned his disciples against their leaven : in his own discourses a constant appeal was made to the written word or to his miracles as authority ; " how readest thou," it is written, " have ye never read-ye search the Scriptures and they testify of me." From the writings of Moses, and the prophets and the psalms, (an enu meration embracing the whole of the Jewish Scriptures), he explained to his apostles the things respecting himself. We might adduce numbers of such instances from theaddresses of the apostles, all tending to show that in stead of the Scriptures coming in as a secon dary means of instruction, the people were addressed as knowing the Scriptures, and on their knowledge of the Old Testament the truths of the new were grafted. The Bereans are praised for taking the sermon they had heard, and searching the Old Tes tament to ascertain the accordance. The apostles declared their writings were in tended to furnish saving instruction: St. John declares " these things are written that ye may believe that Jesus is the Christ the Son of God, and that believing you may have life in his name." St. Luke writes that we may know the verity of the things that were believed and preached. These writings are declared to occupy the same position with the Old Testament. St. Peter ranks his epistle with the Scriptures of old, and designates it a more sure word of prophecy to which we do well to take heed : he also classes the apostle Paul's epistles with the other Scriptures, " as also our most dear brother Paul, according to the wisdom given him, Iath written to you; it is also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things, in which are certain things hard to be under stood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other Scriptures, to their own destruction."t This passage has been strangely urged as a reason for withholding the Scriptures as dangerous: whereas it recognises them as possessed by the members of the church, and written ex priessly for them. It is true it alludes to in jury sustained ; but it is by unfaithful wresting in the case of unstable spi rits. And this allusion is made not to deter them from reading, but to guard them against unfaithfulness in read ing; they are exhorted to diligence in read ing, for immediately tie apostle urges them to grow in grace, and the hnowledge of Christ. His epistles, and in fact all epistles addressed to the churches, are expressly de clared to be the inalienable right of tile people, to all the saints, and even to chil dren; so that no authority but that which inspired and sent them forth has a right to limit their diffusion. The declaration of Dr. Milner, that " the whole business of the Scriptures is with the church (i. e. the clergy), that they alone authoritatively ex plain them," is an invasion of the rights of the people-a right ceded to them by the address of the apostles to them in their epistles, and by our Saviour's recognition of their right to possess them, and theircapacity to understand them. We are aware that the memnbers of the church are commanded to "obey their prelates (or pastors) who speak unto them the word of God;" but the same authority has said, "believe not every spirit, but try the spirits if they be of God, because many fthils prophets are gone out into the world."?, " If any man come to you and bring not this doctrine, receive hini not into the house, nor say to him God speed you; for he that saith to him God speedyou, comnmunicateth with his wicked works." Matt. xxiii. 2. t 2 Pet. xv. 10.. t 1 John lv; 1. § 2 John. So that while rebellion against the discipline' of a faithful church, as administered by an orthodox pastor, is a sin; so countenance afforded to those who adulterate pnd forsahe apostolic truth is a registered sin. How can the members of the Church of Rome escape this sin ? Where is the possibility of detecting heresy, and rejecting the teachers of false doctrines, if a mental and spiritual despotism has been entrusted to the ministry, which authorises them to forbid a religious opinion that is not moulded into form by their tuition ? Surely, if the members of the church are held responsible for the ortho doxy of that ministry they sanction, they have a right to form a judgment of apostolic truth from the standards the apostles them selves have left. We contend, therefore, that Popery, in denying to her people the free and unfettered use of the Holy Scrip tures, has taken away from them the apostolic foundation which Christ appointed for maintaining the purity of faith and morals; and in referring them to the exposi tion of their pastors of the testimony of Scripture and tradition to faith and duty, she has substituted a fallible, unauthorised, and uncertain rule of faith, which admits of progressive corruption. Her claim" to infallibility is baseless, and hence her claim to absolute control over the faith and practice of her people is a wicked assumption, an unauthorised despotism. (To be concluded in our next.) 