BRITISH AND FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. THE following closes our summary of English news by the Agincourt :— Lord Cathcart is to be the new Governor-General of Canada—of course, provisionally, as Sir John Colborne was. A military commander, unknown to politics, cannot be a fit Governor for Canada, whatever his personal qualities and abilities may be. Such a mistake as to entrust him with the post permanently, would be too glaring even for the greenest novice or the oldest routine-monger in the Colonial office.—Spectator. Charles Dickens’s Christmas tale, “the Cricket on the Hearth,” has been dramatised at no less than nine of the London Theatres, while a tenth amuses the public with a burlesque upon it. It is reported that the frigate America, 50, Captain the Hon. John Gordon, has been sent with a broad pendant to command on the Oregon coast ; and that the Grampus, 50, Captain Martin, will join her forthwith. The amount of money won by race-horses in Great Britain during the years 1842 and 1843 was £381,900. Of this sum £86,660 was what is called public money, or money for Queen’s plates, &c.; IMPROVEMENT OF IRELAND.—Among the Par- liamentary papers issued on the 18th February, was the bill to authorise the Government to ad- vance £100,000 for county presentment works in Ireland. On passing into an Act it will have an immediate effect, as also several other measures to improve the condition of Ireland now progressing towards Acts of Parliament. A sum of £200,000 will be at once made available. The object of the several bills is most desirable at the present crisis —it is to provide work and food for the labouring population, on account of the failure of the potatoe crop. The China Mail of the 30th March, reports the wreck and total loss of the Bombay clipper, the City of Shiraz, on the Isle de Negros, in the Mindora Sea. All hands, with the exception of three Lascars, perished. This vessel, with several others, has long been due at Bombay, where, as well as in Calcutta, apprehensions for her safety were beginning to be felt.—Among the items of Pekin news it is mentioned in a paragraph that the Emperor had been pleased to announce that no criminal condemned at the then present assizes should be put to death. It is stated, perhaps as accounting for this display of imperial clemency, that before signing the death warrants of male- factors his Majesty has to fast for three days. It may then at least admit of question, whether the brother of the Sun has been moved to this merciful determination by the claims of humanity, or by the appeals of his own imperial stomach. ADROIT TRAP.—On Thursday evening a gen- tleman of this city, having put a newspaper into the hole of the box at the Post-office, was surprised to find that it would not descend into the basket. He pushed, and pushed again, and still it stuck fast, and therefore he went round to the door to notify the circumstance. The Post-office clerks, equally surprised as the applicant, naturally turned to the box itself for an explanation of it, when they discovered an “artful dodge,”, which, had it been successful, would have seriously damaged the credit of the establishment, by cheat- ing a large number of persons of their letters and papers. A silk bag had been let down into the aperture, bullets being placed at each corner to distend it, and it was secured to the mouth of the aperture by hooks of wire. The bag was nearly full of letters and papers which had been dropped into the hole, and this was the reason that the paper through which the discovery was made would not descend. Probably the practice of this trick would account for many of the Post-office losses. Unfortunately, the trap was not left until the thief came to remove the bag and the spoil, and therefore he is quite unknown.—Gloucester Chronicle. THE BRITISH IN INDIA—A recent work on India, by a German writer, contains the following remarks on that huge dependency of the British empire:—“The more I learn of England’s mode of government here, the more I am compelled to admire the talent of the English for colonization. It is an error to suppose that the British power in India has attained its meridian height; on the contrary, there are every where indications of a further development, founded on duration and stability; but it may be affirmed, with equal con- fidence, that this immense empire is very far from having attained its concentrated form, and reached its extreme boundary. It is not in the power of the English to say, so far we shall go, and no further—the necessity of securing their own existence will compel them to make the Indus, or rather the Soliman mountains and the chain of the Himalaya, their boundary, and entirely to subdue the kingdoms in the interior.” PURIFYING OF WATER.—It is not generally known as it ought to be, that pounded alum pos- sesses the property of purifying water. A pailful, containing four gallons, may be purifyed by a single teaspoonful. BEST SITUATIONS FOR NEW SETTLEMENTS.— In taking under review the circumstances of the various settlements in these seas, it would appear that the most salubrious spots are those situated upon narrow straits. The banks of navigable rivers, above the reach of the salt water, hold the next rank. Open bays are by no means to be re- commended ; but Land-locked harbours appear to be perfect repositories for all that can be injurious to the constitution. The repeated failures that have attended the efforts of Europeans to form settlements in this part of the world afford support to the above view of the case. A secure harbour has always been a point of the first consideration, and although this can often be obtained in a strait, which at the same time would prove most conve- nient for merchant shipping, still the superior facilities for defence presented by a harbour with a single entrance has proved too attractive to be overlooked. The English East India Company have twice attempted to establish themselves upon the Andaman Islands in the Bay of Bengal, at Port Cornwallis and at Port Chatham ; but the settlements were in both cases abandoned in con- sequence of the unhealthiness of the climate. More recently the Dutch made a similar effort with the like result at Triton Bay, on the south-west coast of New Guinea, another land-locked har- bour. It is singular that in the last instance the settlement was about to be formed upon a narrow strait, near a spot which had been selected by the natives as the site for their principal village ; but the intention was abandoned, chiefly on account of the tides. Indeed, the natives of these coun- tries appear to form the best selections of spots adapted for occupation, although, as far as I could discover, even the more intelligent of the Indian islanders had established no fixed rules, but were rather guided in their choice by instinct than by conclusions drawn from a course of reasoning. All the principal European settlements in the Ar- chipelago were originally natives towns, with the exception of Batavia, the capital of Java. This spot was selected on account of its being a fa- vourable position for a fortress, and at a conve- nient distance from the native capital, which was situated some miles inland. The above remarks are of course only applicable to places on the sea coast, and even there other influences beyond those mentioned above are found to exist, especially in spots situated near the base of abrupt ranges of hills, where the deposit of decomposed vegetable matter is great. The Portuguese town of Dilli, on the north side of Timor, is rendered very un- healthy by its position upon a swampy plain of the richest alluvial soil, rank with tropical vege- tation ; while an amphitheatre of steep and high hills encloses it to landward, obstructing the course of the trade-wind, and thus preventing a proper circulation of air.—Earl’s Tropical Australia. TANNING.—A very important communication was made by M. Payne, in the name of Dr. Turn- bull, of London, relative to his practical applica- tion of the theory of endosmosis and extosmosis, discovered by M. Dutrochet, to the process of tanning, and also the application of the soluble principle of sugar to the same purpose. We give here a short explanation of what is meant by en- dosmosis and extosmosis:—When a membrane intervenes between two liquids of different densi- ties, they produce two currents—the one outwards called extosmosis, and the other inwards called endosmosis. By this new physical law the cur- rents interchange until they become of the same specific gravity ; thus Dr. Turnbull, by sewing up a hide filled with one liquid of a certain specific gravity, and then immersing the hide in another liquid of greater or lesser density, keeps up this reciprocal action until such time as the hide is thoroughly tanned. The statement made by Dr. Turnbull is so extraordinary, that it astonished the Academy, and has equally astonished some of our Paris contemporaries, who, observe that his process, if real, eclipses everything that has been discovered in the practical arts for these hundred years. The best answer to the doubts expressed as to the reality of the discovery is to be found in the fact that the process is carried on in London on a very large scale, and the experiments which Dr. Turnbull has been performing in Paris for the last month, in presence of many of the first tanners. By the ordinary process of tanning, it requires eighteen months to tan an ox-hide, and 400 lb. of bark. Dr. Turnbull tans the hide in fourteen days, and with only 100 lbs. of bark. Here, then, is a saving of outlay for the process, and the tanner with the same amount of capital can do thirty-six times as much as under the old system. And this is not all. Dr. Turnbull’s process gives an extra weight of leather, varying from 15 to 25 lb. per cent. Calveskins, which under the old process required an immersion in the vat of five, six, and seven months, are by Dr. Turnbulls process tanned in two days. But it will be asked, is not this rapidity of execution attended with inferiority to the leather produced ? On the contrary, it is much better, for all the saturation required for the production of good leather is as fully effected by the new as the old process ; and one of the great causes of bad leather is entirely avoided. The first part of the ordinary mode of tanning is to remove the hair from the skin—to do this lime is used, and, before the hair can be detached, the corrosive action of the lime always produces an injury to the skin, rendering it spongy, and therefore readily susceptible of moisture when the leather is made up for use, at the same time that the interests of the tanner are affected by loss of weight. Dr. Turnbull effects the removal of the hair by the use of sugar, or any substance containing saccharine matter ; or, if lime be used, it is removed by the application of sugar, before it can do any injury; whereas, by the old process, a portion of it must for ever re- main on the skin. Hitherto every process for rapidity in tanning—comparative rapidity, we mean, for when M. Seguin contrived to turn out ox-hides in five or six months, the fact was thought wonderful—has been attended with loss of quality, for the process was expedited by the use of acids. By the new process not only are no acids used, in addition to the usual tanning materials, but even the portion of acid which those materials contain is destroyed. We state all this, as the French say, connaissance de cause, for we have been present at two of the experiments performed by Dr. Turnbul, and had not only the evidence of our hands and eyes as to the quality of the leather, but also the advantage of hearing the tanners who were present declare, that every part of the process had been conducted under their own control, and with skins marked by themselves. A commission of the Academy, consisting of Messrs. Payen, Boussengault, Dumas, and Dajrochet, was instantly appointed to visit the tanyard, where these experiments are going on, and to make its report.—Colonial Gazette. It needs no ghost from the grave to tell us that the glory will be departed from the United States long before they attain their expected population of a hundred millions, and that, long before that period, the Queen of the World and the child of the skies will most likely be split into three or four separate governments. The present cabinet of Colonel Polk is weak in the extreme, and so are all the heads of departments ; and we all know to be weak is to be miserable. The chief himself is already tired of his elevation, which he finds to be not altogether a bed of velvet ; and, though it may be fun to the democrats who elected him, the Great Unknown, out of sheer opposition to a worthy and virtuous man, Henry Clay, yet it was death to him, and he publicly declared, before he had been three months at the White House, that he had no intention, at the end of his four years of kingship, to offer himself again as the repre- sentative of the sovereign people ! The Colonel is considered by the few who know him as a plain, straightforward man for a lawyer, with firmness and courage, but knows nothing of the science of go- vernment, which should only be entrusted to him who possesses most virtue, most knowledge, and most intellect. But these, though they are recom- mendations in old and experienced countries, are the very worst and most fatal qualifications to a candidate’s success in America for the presidential chair. No honest man can ever be President of America again. The day of the Washingtons and Jefferson’s is past never to return. The peo- ple publicly declare that they do not want the best man ; they want the most available man. If you elect me I will appoint you ; and as all the ser- vants of the Government are abruptly turned out at a general election every four years, it gives the new President immense patronage, and for the first half-year of his office he is obliged to work like a horse in considering upon and filling up the ten thousand offices that suddenly become vacant. “Rotation to office” is one of the watchwords of every part in America, but particularly of the democrats.—Rambles in the United States and Canada. 