BELFAST SABBATH-SCHOOL TEACHERS UNION. THE REV. MR. HAMILTON S ADDRESS. The second quarterly meeting of the Belfast Sabbath School Teachers' Union was held on the evening of Tuesday, the 10th Feb. in Fisher wick Place School, when an address was delivered to them by the Rev. David Hamilton, of York Street Presbyterian Church. The first meeting of a similar kind held by the Union was very largely attended, and on that occasion the Rev. James Morgan spoke at great length, the subject admirably illustrated by him being "The Objects of Sabbath-School Teaching-" On last Tuesday evening the subject was, "The Character and Qualifications of a Sabbath-School Tender," which formed a fitting accompaniment to the other, and which, as will be seen by our report, was handled by Mr. Hamilton in a most efficient manner. The attendance com- posed, besides the members of the Union, . of persons belonging to various evangeli- cal denominations-was still greater than on the first meeting, proving that an increasing interest is being generated in the public mind respecting the Union, and the great objects which it has in view, which are to increase the zeal, and direct and concentrate the efforts, of those who seek to train up the children entrusted to, their care, in the nurture and admonition of the Lord Charles Finlay, Esq., who conducted the devotional exercises, having given out the 100th Psalm, it was sung by the assemblage. He then offered up a solemn and appropriate prayer. The concluding verses of the 126th Psalm, were then sung, after which Mr. Hamilton delivered the sub- joined address. The services of the evening were closed by Councillor Gibson, offering up prayer for the blessing of God on Sabbath-school instruction : My Christian Friends The subject on which I have been requested to address you this evening is " The Charac- ter and Qualifications of a Sabbath School Teacher." From a single reference to the extent of Sabbath School instruction in this land at present, you will see that this is a subject of no ordinary importance. There are in Belfast and its suburbs 46 Sabbath-Schools, containing above 7,000 scholars, instructed by 700 teachers. There are under the care of the Sunday-school Society for Ireland 2,981 schools, containing 246,693 scholars, instructed by 23,265 teachers. These thousands of young persons-and the number stated does not include all under Sabbath-school instruction in Ireland have formed an acquaintance with their teachers, sit with them two or three hours every Sabbath, join with them in prayer and praise, receive instruction from them on the most important of all subjects, and that at a time when their hearts are most susceptible either of good or ill they are receiving impressions and forming habits, through their attendance on the Sabbath- school, which will influence them as long as they live-which will be seen in their characters when their heads are white with the snows of Bge-yea, which will effect them through eternity. If this be so and it only requires you to look at the case to be satisfied of the truth of the statement-who can estimate aright the importance of having this great work committed to the hands of right-hearted men and women, who will so more the extensive machinery of Sabbath-schools, that, by the blessing of God on their labours, the industry, and peace, and morality, and happiness, and eternal well-being, of our fellow-citizens and fellow-countrymen, may be promoted thereby ? CHARACTER OF A SABBATH SCHOOL TEACHER. I will say little at present in reference to the character of Sabbath-school teachers, intending to make some observations on this point when I come to speak of their qualifications. I will make only one statement, which I wish to be kept prominently before all who are engaged in this great work the Sabbath school teacher should support before the Church and the world, the character of a decided and consistent christian. When the young man enters a com- municants class, he takes a step which will lead to his being noticed as he was not before. When he sits down at the Lord's table, he makes his profession of Christianity, declaring that he has come out from the world, and enlisted in the army of Christ. From that hour the interests of religion will be deeply affected by his character. When again, he comes out from among the members of the Church, and is seen on the Sabbath morning and evening, at the head of a little class, in the Sabbath- school, he was advanced farther up the hill of Zion, and so will be an object of more notice than ever he was. He is now an officer in the army of the Captain of his salvation-he is now at the head of a little band which he is to discipline for righting the good fight of faith; his con- sistency will now do honour to the cause of Christ-his inconsistency will do injury to an extent which, if he had remained a mere soldier in the ranks he could not have done. Let the Sabbath-school teacher be seen irregular in observing the Lord's Supper, or in attending the house of God let him be seen absenting himself from any of the services of the sanctuary, or taking the Sabbath evening walk, or entering the theatre, or frequenting taverns ; he will thereby give occasion to the adver- sary to speak reproachfully of religion by his inconsistency the wicked will be confirmed in their ungodliness, the weak will have a stumbling-block cast into their way, and the scholars in his class will think no harm to do as he does will go farther than he goes and so his influence, which, if rightly directed, would have been great to do good, when cast into the scale of the world will be equally great, or greater, to do evil ; one sin of his may, through the connexion which exists between members of society and one generation and another, bring thousands to ruin. My beloved friends, I wish earnestly to press this truth on your attention. If the Church is ever to evangelize the world-if Satan's kingdom, is ever to be destroyed by Christ's kingdom, and we know it will-there must be a higher standard of character amongst Christians. Love must rule their hearts holiness must be exhibited in their lives they must be epistles of Christ, known and read of all men. When the followers of the Lord have learned to be consistent when, like the Apostolic Church, they appear in the beauty of holiness when they make it their study to be like their Master-the Church '* will look forth as the morning, fair us the moon, bright as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners." Sabbath-school teachers, "let not your good be evil spoken of." " Let your light so shine before men, so clearly and distinctly, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven." QUALIFICATIONS OF THE SABBATH SCHOOL TEACHER. I shall now turn your attention to some of the qualifications of which Sabbath school teachers should be possessed. There can be no doubt that a different standard of qualification may be required in schools in different localities, and also for different classes in the same school. But, without dwelling on this, I shall bring before you some qualifications which are indispensable to those who will be successful teachers in any class of any Sabbath school. In doing this, I feel it necessary to make a reference to the address of the brother who called your attention, at your last quarterly meeting, to the object of Sabbath school instruction. It was then stated, and stated truly, that the grand object, the object of Sabbath school instruction, is the salvation of souls, with the instructing of the young to read the word of God, and think of its truths as means for gaining that object. Now let us enquire what are some of the qualifications, indispensable to a teacher who can reasonably expect to gain this end. IV-The Sabbath school Teacher Who can reasonably expect success inheritors, must himself have the practical, experimental, Saving knowledge of Christ. In other words, he must be a man of piety. A moment's consideration will lead you to see the necessity of this qualification. No man will propose to teach others a branch of literature or science of which he is entirely ignorant. And will any propose to instruct in the knowledge of Christ, whilst they themselves do not know Christ The tea. her of grammar must know grammar; the teacher of mathematics must be a mathematician ; the teacher of classics must be a classic scholar and is there not an equal necessity that the teacher of the knowledge of Christ, should himself know Christ. Our blessed Lord first called and instructed his disciples, and sent them to teach others. True, Judas was amongst them; but let his history and end, and the record, " It had been good for that man if he had not been born" be a warning to all ministers and sabbath school teachers of the awful consequence of living without Christ, whilst they teach others. Oh how fearful is the thought of an unregenerate minister or sabbath school teacher ! He tells others to fear God, but he disobeys him -he tells others to love the Saviour, but he hates him-he tells others to turn their faces towards heaven, but he has turned his back from heaven-he tells others to walk on the narrow path that leads to eternal life, but he is hurrying along the broad road that leads to everlasting destruction-he professedly seeks to save others, but he himself is a cast away. Follow him beyond the grave see him at the bar of God : every chapter of the bible he read-every sermon he preached every lesson he taught every warning and exhortation he gave-every prayer he offered-will be for his con- demnation at that great tribunal. The blood of souls, of many souls, will be required at his hand ; any portion among the condemned will be more tolerable than his through eternity. Sabbath-school teachers, see that you yourselves know Christ. " Count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus your Lord ;" and when you feel that he is precious very precious-to your own hearts, you may expect to commend him with success to others. IL-The Sabbath School Teachers should be well acquainted with his Bible. -I could suppose the case of a man knowing but one truth of the Bible, and that one truth getting a lodgement in his heart, he is saved thereby. There will occur to the recollection of some of you who have read the tracts headed "Poor Joseph," the statements therein made in reference to that man. he heard Dr. Calnmy preach one sermon ; he knew but one text "This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners of whom I am chief'.'' This one text wits lodged in his heart by the Holy Spirit, and Joseph reasoned that, although he had no good works to merit salvation -no one recommendation to bring with him to God no encouragement to hope from anything that was in his heart, although he was the chief of sinners he should trust Christ, for the truth which he had received into his heart was " Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners." He cast his anchor on this scripture and knowing scarcely aught of the Bible but this, he died re- joining, and I doubt not is, to-night, amid the company of the redeemed, joining in the heavenly anthem to the glory of the exalted Jesus, who " out of the mouths of babes and sucklings has perfected praise." But, whilst one scripture saved " Poor Joseph," and whilst one imperishable truth of God, applied by the Holy Ghost to any heart, will prove a saving truth, the Sabbath-school teacher instructing others in the Word, should himself be well acquainted with the Word. Christian friends, seek to get clear and enlarged views of the Bible, " Search the Scriptures." Dig deep into this field for the hidden treasure which lies below the surface, and which can only be obtained by diligent and prayerful study and meditation. Make your Bible your companion. You will be abundantly repaid for all the time you spend in acquiring the sanctified knowledge of the Word of' God and being enriched yourselves, you may enrich others. LEES-The Sabbath-school Teacher, in order to be successful, must have his heart in his work No matter how honorable a profession be the man who is engaged in it, and does not find an interest in its duties, will be the merest drudge. Suppose a minister, who has not his heart in his work-who has entered into " the priest's o (Ti ce, for a piece of bread," or for some other equally unworthy motive ; he is urged on by that motive in his formal round of duty as a slave is urged on to his work by the master's last. Look at him in his study, or see him in his pulpit, where would you find such an object of pity as he is And next to the heart- less minister, I would place the heartless Sabbath-school teacher. I never expect a man to do much good in any profession to which he is not ardently devoted. I would wish to see all ministers enthusiastic in the work of the ministry, looking to their pulpit as their throne, and feeling that the highest honor which could be conferred on any creature is to be a a successful ambassador of the King of kings, beseeching sinners, in Christ's stead, to be reconciled to God, And I would wish to see all Sabbath school teachers with a sanctified enthusiasm - an enthusiasm such as moved the Apostle Paul when he said "the love of Christ constrained me"- going forward in their work, regarding the seat at the head of the class as their throne, and the instructing of the young in the Word of God as their highest honor. Let us have in this office men and women who have their hearts in their work, and we will not have to complain of teachers' seats being empty or classes thin. They may be wearied on Saturday night, but they will rise on SnlfbRth morning to get to the work they love. The day may be unfavorable, but they will not be absent from the school. They will forego many a visit to the country which they would otherwise make. They will say to every temptation which would take them A on the Sabbath school, " We are doing a great work, so that we can- not come down ; why should the work cease whilst we leave it and come down to you ?" They will find time to seek out the absent children, and visit the sick ones of their class. They will deny themselves what the world calls ease and pleasure to enjoy the luxury of doing good and sitting at the head of a class, or searching for a wanderer, or kneeling by the bedside of a dying child, they will have happiness which the gay votaries of fashion might well envy - happiness kindred to that of angels, whose delight it is to minister to them who shall be the heirs of salvation yea, happiness like that of Christ, who, in the conversion of the sinner, sees of " the travail of his soul and is satisfied," and who feeds his flock like a shepherd, and gathers the lambs with his arm, and carries them in his bosom, and gently leads those that are with young. Beloved friends, who are engaged in this work, throw your whole heart into it. When you feel Sabbath school teach- ing your delight, you may expect success in it. IV. The Sabbath School Teacher should be a person of earnest, decided payer. Should not a minister, everytime he enters into the pulpit, expect that God's Word, to be lead and preached that day, will be blessed ' And why should not a Sabbath-school teacher, every time he sits down with his class, believe that the word to be lead that hour will prosper in the thing wherein God sends it Would this be presumption ? No it would be faith, and the want of it unbelief This confidence we should rest, not on the high qualification of the teacher, nor on the docility of the scholar, but on the sure testimony of the Holy Ghost. Read with me one Scriptuieonthe point. In Isaiah lv and 9, you will find it thus written " For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and îeturnethiiot thither, but vtdteieth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud that it may give seed to the sower and bread to the eater , so shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth , it shall not return to me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it " Here is the sure word of God, let us believe that he will do as he has said. This faith in the premises of a covenant keeping Jehovah will sustain you amidst the difficulties, and lead you to persevere amid all the discourage- ments of the Sabbath-school. Do you find the children st lead, dull, and idle ' Do you appeal to labor in vain among them 7 is your heart ready to sink discouraged ' Only have faith in the promise of God, and the mountain of difficulty will become a plain before you, and the dark clouds of discouragements will pass away and you who go forth weeping, bearing precious seed, will come again re- joicing, and bringing the sheaves with you. unwavering faith and fervent, impor- tunate prayer, are inseparably united. The teacher who has these graces in good order, and keeps them in exercise, will surely have success. Faith keeps a teacher still at his post. He breaks up the fallow ground, and scatters the seed in the furrow and prayer brings down the dews and the showers which will ensure a crop. See the teacher possessed of this spirit, rising from his knees in his closet to go out to his class he has bathed his soul in prayer prayer for his scholars, he has named them one by one at the mercy seat he has spread out the cases of them all before the throne he has pleaded for fitting grace for each of them and now, with a warm heart and vigorous spirit, he sits down to instruct them in the lesson of the day. He looks out to the horizon for the little cloud (betokening rain. Will he be disappointed 1 He has prayed " Show me a sign for good," May lie not expect Gideon's sign, and hope to see his class wet with the dews of the Spirit though all be dry around, O ! my friends, let us have godly, and Bible-reading, and ardent, and believing and praying Sabbath-school teachers. Let those who are in the work be of this spirit, and let the number be multiplied, as the state of the world requires. Let the machinery of Sabbath-schools be worked by such hands, and the Bible in the pulpit and the Bible in the school will prove the mighty lever for raising our fellow-men from the degradation and misery of sin, to morality, and holiness, and happiness-yea, to the holiness and happiness of heaven. One other observation I desire to make before I sit down Perhaps some Sabbath- school teachers may be ready to say, We are not qualified for this work what should we do ? Shall we retire from the held ' Shall we fall back to the rank of ordinary soldiers in the army of Christ I will at once say that if any have entered on the office of Sabbath-school teacher who have not first given their own selves to the Lord, although they may make the Sabbath school a house of refuge for the children, and teach them to lead or instruct them in the theory of religion, yet we never can expec,through them, to gain the great object of Sabbath school inst action-the salvation of the children's souls If I address any such teachers this evening, I beseech them most earnestly to consider the position they occupy Can you be at ease in your present state ? Paid you withdraw from a good work of 1 which you have entered * You have put your hand to the plough , will you look back' To remain under Oversea teachers 111 a Sabbath-school is to harden yourselves in sin-to throw up the office, is to run away from the service of God What should you do l Go from the meeting this evening to weep, like Peter, over your sins behold Jesus' countenance, whose every expression tells that He is compassion tte, as when he looked on Peter in the High Priest's lull behold the blood flowing from His hands, and feet, and side-the blood " which cleanseth from all sin confess your sins to Tannery for mere) and hear Him saying, m His love, "Be of good cheer, your sins are forgiven you," and, as penitent, forgiven sinners, receive and obey His commands- " Feed my lambs ' Let the members of the church beware lest, under the plea of want of qualifica- tion, they excuse themselves from enter- ing on a work, or in withdraw- ing from a work, in which they may glorify God If you have an opportunity of doing good by teaching in a Sabbath- school, can your conscience be at ease If you do not embrace it The present is a day in which Christ is loudly calling army man to do his duty If we will sit idle, and satisfy ourselves with the thought that we have not qualifications for which we have neither prayed nor laboured, we will be castes withered branches out of Christ's viney and, 61 will find the blighting judgment of Heaven lighting upon us Our Captain is leading us forth to battle and to victory let the curse pronounced on Moroz be a warning to all who will shrank from their duty Let us, like the stripling David, go down into the valley -let us take the weapons which have been so well proved, and the Lord will go with us The Apostle Paul felt that it was an awful thing to be a minister of the Gospel, and when he said, what both ministers and Sabbath- school teachers may say-" We are unto God a sweet savour of Christ in them that are saved and in them that perish. To the one we are the savour of death unto death, and to the other of life unto life "she added, " And who is sufficient for these things ?" Did he then retire from the ministry 2 "Nay," says he, necessity is laid on me, you, and we will be unto them, if they use not their talents for the glory of God He would not hear any of the ex- cuses of Moses, when he shrank from the duty to which he was called , nor will he hear your s. His command is, " Go, work in my viney said to-day." You felt that in yourselves you are unworthy of the office of- sabhatliVschool teachers, and unfit for its duties. Thus far you are in a right frame of mind. But remember that all necessary qualifications will be given you by the Holy Ghost, Every worker at the tabernacle, from Bezaleel and Abolish, down to the humblest female, who contributed her part for the cloths of service," was qualified for the work by the Holy Ghost. Go then, Sabbath-school teacher, to your Lord and Saviour, who has the Holy Spirit to bestow upon you, and out of his full treasure house of gifts and graces your want of qualification will be made up. Go to your Heavenly Father, of whom it is said that " if ye being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will He give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him." Independence on the grace of God, and praying and striving after higher qualifications, go on in your work, and think not that God will not acknowledge the humblest of you in doing good. Hath he not " chosen the weak things of the world to confound the mighty, and no flesh shall glory in his presence?" You may yet see the tears contrition starting from the eye of that Sabbath-school girl about which you are so anxious. You may hear that obstinate little boy, for whom you prayed so often, asking you " What must I do to be saved ?" Would not the feeling evidenced by that fear or that anxious inquiry, be a large reward for the toil of a life-time ? You may yet receive a letter from an old Sabbath school scholar whom you had forgotten, or have him coming to tell you that in your class he first learned to love the Saviour. Or you may hear some dying little one whis- per with feeble voice, that through your teaching she has learned to rejoice in the hope of glory. Or you may have the joy of seeing some of your beloved class follow you into heaven. Or the little girl who sat so often with you, but has fallen asleep in the arms of the beloved Jesus, may be the first to meet you at heaven's gate, and welcome you as her mother in the Lord. And then how you will bless your God for the qualification he gave you to teach in a Sabbath-school for the honor He put upon you when you got charge of a class-for the grace He gave you to persevere in the work-and for the success with which he crowned your labours, singing sweetly, the more sweetly because those for whom you travelled in birth are with you all the more sweetly because your qualifications were of grace, and your success of grace-all, all of grace " blessing and honour, and glory, and power, be unto Him who sitteth on the throne, and to the Lamb for ever and ever." 