Domestic Intelligence. ———<>——— DR. LEICHHARDT.— We are enabled to give some information as to the present progress of the enterprising Dr. Leichhardt, on his present expedition to explore the interior of this continent towards Swan River. Mr. Roper, who was one of the party of the Doctor in his late successful exploration to Port Essington, accompanied him on his present pilgrimage as far as Mr. Rusden's station, New England. The party was to pro- ceed thence by Armadale across Beardy Plains to the Darling Downs, and thence to Jimberg, where they would take in their last supplies previous to traversing the wilderness. We re- joice to say that hitherto the progress of the adventurous little band has been prosperous, and the accounts of Mr. Roper, as well as the letters of Dr. Leichhardt, speak well of the en- thusiasm and the good feeling prevailing amongst them ; perhaps the two greatest elements of success. The progress through the country thus far has been easy and uninterrupted by any serious accident. The goats taken by the Doctor are found to travel well, the only difficulty being that they have to be carried across the streams, creeks, and pools, which may happen to intercept the path of the pilgrims. As these, however, are somewhat few and far between, the difficulty is not great, and we may hope those animals may be the means of affording great comfort to the travellers in the way of sustenance. With regard to the experi- ment of trying mules in this expedition, we re- gret to state that the accounts are not so favour- able. Experience, up to Mr. Ropers return, proved them to be very refractory, insomuch that most of the party had suffered from kicks from these animals, and we regret in particular to say, that Dr. Leichhardt had suffered severely from an accident to his arm arising from this cause. Mr. Roper left the party on the 28th. of October all in good health and spirits, which, if they may be sustained by the earnest hopes and good wishes of the colonists at large, will be continued to the whole of the little band till they shall be safely returned to their starting point, to meet the wel- come and applause of those whose interests are materially bound up in their perilous adventure. — Sydney Morning Herald. CORONER'S INQUEST.— Yesterday an Inquest was convened at the Horse und Jockey, Little Bourke street, upon the body of Edward Kennedy who it appeared was in the employ of Messrs. Mortimer & Sawyers ; on Sunday morn- ing while throwing a bucket of water into a soap boiler upon the premises, deceased fell in ; the hot fluid into which deceased fell, was eight and a-half feet deep ; he was raised to the surface by the soap boiler, and taken out by Mr. Sawyers ; Dr. Wilkie was called in, but notwithstanding all that medical skill could effect, deceased ex- pired the following morning about four o'clock. The jury returned a verdict of " accidental death. " GIPPS LAND EXPEDITION.— We understand that the Elizabeth from Port Albert has brought important intelligence about the unfortunate wo- man detained there by the blacks. Mr. Tyers, C. C. L. has a large number of the Gipps Land tribe remaining with him, and they have des- patched four of their number, who have promised to bring her in and deliver her into the charge to Mr. Tyers, on receiving a certain number of blan- kets and tomahawks, which have been shown to the tribe, and no doubt seems to exist that she will shortly be at his station. Mr. DeVilliers has by the same convenience, forwarded a num- ber of letters, and a part of a tree carved with a name and message from the woman. THE BLACKS.— A few days since three of the Aborigines made a desperate attack upon a shepherd in the employ of Messrs. Moore and Grifiths on the Weiraby doubtless with the inten- tion of stealing the sheep ; the shepherd however, an American black named Harry, made a bold resistance, and laid about so vigorously with a stick which he had in his hand, that he speedily placed one of his assailants hors de combat and belaboured the others so effectually that they were glad to decamp, leaving black Harry master of the field, and a broken head. A REFRACTORY SEAMAN.— Edward Wilson, a seaman belonging to the Alice Maud, barque, was on Saturday charged by Captain David Williams, the master of that vessel, with having knocked off work since the 8th. November when at sea. The Captain stated that although they did not sign for it, he was in the habit of giving the men an occasional glass of grog, but on the 8th. finding some of them intoxicated he ordered their grog to be stopped ; Wilson upon the order being made known to him struck work, and except for a few hours since had not returned to his duty. On the night of the 8th. the fore- hold was broken into and the whole of a cask of porter, (cargo) taken away, and six bottles ab- stracted from a cask of wine (stores,) to which the drunkenness of the men was attributable.— The prisoner had nothing to urge in defence, except that the Captain had promised him his discharge if he turned too, which he did, and then the Captain had refused to keep his word.— Captain Williams admitted that he had promised the man his discharge, but upon condition that he should work out what he was indebted to the ship, £3 10s. ; defendant he did work a few hours and then required that he (Captain Williams) should leave the ship, and accom- pany him to a magistrate and deposit with him his register ticket, and a written promise to discharge him, which he of course declined to comply with. The bench sentenced Wilson to forfeit £6 15s. for the days he had been off duty and to return to the ship and complete his articles. The Captain then ordered Wilson on board, but he replied that he should do no more work on board. The Captain was advised by the bench if the man persisted in refusing work, to bring him up for desertion, and then he would be dealt with differently. WILFUL DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY.— On Friday night, some miscreant entered the School-room of the Wesleyan Chapel, broke the windows, and destroyed the children's books, slates, &c.; MUNIFICENT GIFT.— The sum of £5000 has been forwarded to Van Diemen's Land, for the purpose of supporting missionaries " in the bush. " The donor transmitted the money anony- mously through the Bishop of Ripon. SPECIAL PETTY SESSIONS.— This morn- ing at 10 o'clock a court of special petty sessions, will be holden by the licensing justices at the Police office. The following business is upon the paper :— Mr. Daniel Kelly applies for a general license for his house in King st., to be called the Fitzroy Arms ; Mr. George Lewis applies for the transfer to him of Mr. Nicol's license of the Seymour Hotel, Seymour, and Mr. Fealty applies for a confectioner's license. CRICKET MATCH.— The match between the Melbourne Cricket Club, and eleven chosen from the Military, Universities and Government Officers, came off on Saturday, November 28th., when the latter proved victorious, with 6 wickets to go down. **** MELBOURNE CLUB. 1st Innings. F. Stephen, run out - 8 W. Nicholson, ct. Gurner, b. Priv. Bother stone - 20 D. Campbell, b. Priv. Botherstone - 5 O. Gilles, b. Priv. Botherstone - 6 S. Thorpe, hit wicket, b. Powlett - 0 D.S. Campbell, b. Priv. Botherstone - 0 R. Philpot, not out - 14 F. Marsden, b. Powlett - 4 A. Musgrave, b Priv. Botherstone - 6 G. Turnbull, b. Powlett - 0 D.G. McArthur, b. Powlett - 4 Byes 8, wide balls 2 - 10 Total, 76 2nd Innings. F. Stephen, b. Priv. Botherstone - 16 W. Nicholson, ct. Philpot, b. Priv. Bother- stone - 16 D. Campbell, ct. Gurner, b. Powlett - 0 O. Gilles, b. Powlett - 0 S. Thorpe, b. Powlett - 5 D.S. Campbell, ct. Barry, b. Priv. Botherstone - 4 R. Philpot, leg before wicket, b. Powlett - 0 F. Marsden, b. Priv. Botherstone - 0 A. Musgrave, b. Priv. Botherstone - 7 G. Turnbull, not out - 6 D.G. McArthur, b. Powlett - 4 Byes 1, wide balls 4 - 5 Total 63 MILITARY, UNIVERSITIES, AND GO- VERNMENT OFFICERS. First Innings. W. Philpott, b. by Campbell - 3 Priv. Neale, 58th, ditto - 3 H.F. Gurner, b. Marsden - 23 F.A. Powlett, b. McArthur - l8 W. Brickwood, b. McArthur - 0 Lieut. Rush, b. Gilles - 50 Priv. Botherstone, ct. D. Campbell, b. McAr- thur - 8 R. Barry, st. Philpot, b. Gilles - 2 Priv. Payne, 58th, ct. and b, Marsden - 6 A. Broadfoot, b. McArthur - 0 Serjt. Simpson, 58th, not out - 0 Byes, 13; wide balls, 2. - 15 128 Second Innings W. Philpott. Priv. Neale, 58th, b. Stephen - 1 H.F. Gurner, ditto - 1 F.A. Powlett W. Brickwood Lieutenant Rush Priv. Botherstone, 58th, not out - 2 R. Barry, non out - 4 Priv. Payne, 58th A. Broadfoot, b. Gilles - 5 Serj. Simpson, 58th, ditto. 1 14 142 Total.j 42 The Military, University, and Government Offi- cers winning the match with six wickets to go down. The game opened much in favor of the Club, 38 runs being scored and only one wicket down, but the batting was not so well sustained. The heavy score of their opponents is to be mainly attributed to the very spirited play of Lieutenant Hush. The bowling of Mr. Powlett and Private Botherstone was well kept up throughout the game ; in this respect the Club had the disad- vantage. THE JURY LISTS-In terms of the Act, th Serjeants of the different Wards will commence to morrow with the compiling of the Jury Lista for the town of Melbourne for the en- suing year. FORGERY-On Thursday last a man calling himself Michael Dunn, having incurred some expense for refreshments at Mr Crook's, Woolpack Inn, Bacchus' Marsh, asked for writing materials, which were supplied him whereupon he drew a draft upon the Bank of Australasia for £9 10s, in the name of James Carmichael, and tendered it to Mr Crook in payment, who, suspecting there was something wrong in the transaction, gave the man into the custody of D C Tucker, when Dunn immedi- ately admitted the draft was a forgery. Upon being brought before the District Bench on Fri day, Dunn still admitted his criminality, but was remanded, that the draft might be presented at the Bank upon which it was drawn. The Chief Constable remarked that there was a charge of horsestealing against the prisoner, as he an- swered precisely the description of a man who was charged with stealing a horse from the sta- bles of Mr Brown's public house on Creighton's Creek. On Saturday the man was brought up on remand, and the evidence being completed against him, he was fully committed to take his trial for the offence. CONNUBIAL-The man Isaac Wood, in custody for re-iterated beatings of his wife, pulling a large quantity of hair out of her head, and cutting oft the remainder with a carving knife, which weapon he threatened to thrust into her heart, was again brought up before Aldermen Condell and Russell on Friday, and having no thing further to urge in extenuation, except the heat of the weather and an excess of fluid, he was fined eighty shillings and costs, or in default one month's imprisonment tor threatening to run Mr Richey through with a dagger, and to set his house on fire, Wood was ordered to find bail to keep the peace for six months in £30, and two sureties in £15 each VAGRANCY -The man calling himself Crosby, stated lu our last to be in the custody o the police for willully thrusting his hand through a pane of glass in the Police office, wis, on tri diy morning, sent to gaol for fourteen dajc as i va0rant, as he cither could not, or would not give tiny account of hunseli THE WESTERN BOUNDARY-Mr Sur vejoi Y\ ade li is been appointe I to proceed to tin Western Iron tier, for the purpose of defiuing tin exact boundury between this province and Soutl Australu Mr \\\ is expected to ar ive in Mel uoirnc per return of the S/iu«J? ocfe BODY FOUND-Ihe îeinains of tin shepherd, who some three mon lis s nee wu umsinn fiom the station of Mr M'lviniion, nea Lal e Mun ly, has been found by the nutlve^ Hie pool fellow s bod) wus desci it 1 in a "ittin posture, with his buck suppoitel by a gum tree und his Bun I ud across his knees. His fnthfu do, was loun 1 by his side in so weal a co lditioi as hardly to be alive-I'oitlund Guuulmn THE ADELAIDE MAIL -Mr Ldgar tender for the conveyance of the Adeluilo mm between the Gi MIL,« and Mount Gimlierwos til only oue received by the Government, and i it «as \ciy reu--onuHe, will, it is uhnost certun be accepted -Pu l/o»irf Ga Me FEROCIOUS DOGS - The number c ferocious dons in the town, seems to be uhirmnij ly on the mere se, m I ict, to such a height lu the nUlsan c ailuimd, that some othci meai than h ive hitherto been resorted to, must I taken for the protection of the inhabitants Lvei dry we li ive c iniplatnts of this nu tu re, anl o casionnlly we hu r of accultnts of a more senoi lutuie Of! J ttle Bourke sticet, ni a lui leidin^ to the rcirol the Albion Hotel there a dog kept, of u partícula! ly fciucious desert non, which, though on the chain, the own seems determined to allow his full share of mi chief, Ins chum bung of sufficiently convente length to enable bim to dart uno the pathwu and attuck passers by A few days igo Mr \\\ 1 uison of the Albion Hotel, had his velnc smashed mid Ins own uud his wiles life euduiiger by au attuck fiom this animal TOWN COUNCIL-The Town Count will not meet this wool, there being no busux for transaction, saving the consideration of soi of Mr Councillor M'Combie s motions whi ure generally of the keeping kind THE BURNS' FESTIVAL On Tuesd; evening a general meeting of Scotsmen, was lu in the Commerci ii Inn, Collins =treet, for the pi pose of makin., the necessary preliinu ury arran; ments, for tue célébrât on ot the comm,, festn in commemoiution of the Poet Bums Hie me nig wus numerously mid respectably attend Mr Duncan, of the him of 1 homson aud Dune having been calle I to the chair, business was p ceeded with and thefollowingcommittee appoiti to make irrangcniuits for the festival, viz Messrs Lums len (Chairman), Stewart, (lr surer), M'Muster (Secretary), W lhon, Ki Maclenose, Graham, Kerr, Andi.rson, Lo' Duncan, Anderson, Munn, Dunlop uud Mid INSPECTOR OF WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. Serjeant Swindell, wis ou ¡satuiduy last, sw< in before His A\ orslnp the Mnyor, as lnspec of Weights and Measures, for the town of M bourne ACCIDENT-On Situidij morning, a mun known as Sam, in the employ of i\ Dickens, theslaughtermun, was standing up and driving his master s curt through 1 it Bourke street, the buck bund gave way, < shafts came to the ground, the man was throi out, and one of the wheels passing over hi fractuied his right leg ALLEGED EFFECTS OF ABSTINENCE - Yeteiday, a person of exceeding gravity, named George Wutson, was charged by constable M 13 with having kicked lum on the nose, thereby reducing the bold arch of the Roman to the straight line of the Grecian, much to his annoy- ance In defence, Watson alleged that what had occuired arose from abstinence, for five di») s no solid entered his lips, when he was induced to imbibe two ales and a brandy, which deprived lum of consciousness. Hie bench fined lum five shillings upon the general account, ten shillings for damaging the nose, and one shilling and six- pence coach hire, as he required that indulgence ' to bring linn to the watcbhouse. J ENTREATING RECOGNIZANCES -It being almost a daily occurrence for applications to be made to the Police Bench lor summonses or warrants for assuult, against parties who arc already bound to the pence, the magisjrates for the town have arrived at the determination that m all such cases for the future tney will send such recogniznnces to the C lerk of the Peace, to be estreited at the ensuing sitting of Quarter Sessions, so that parties becoming hail for others to keep the peuee should be well assured of their pacific intentions. PARTIES QUALIFIED AS BAIL-During the proceedings m the Mayor's court, yesterday, Sergeant Swindell of the Police was tendered as bail on behalf of a person named Wood ; the bench were of opinion this could not be permitted, it would not be regular and might givo rise to unpleasant circumstances. Ihey did not say there was any disability on the part of Swindell, but he could not be accepted. VERY NARROW ESCAPE. - Yesterday morning, about 11 o'clock, during the heavy rain which visited Melbourne, a man m a state of in- toxication slipped off the footpath, near Messrs. Annand & Smith, into the channels through which the water, about two feej deep was pouring along m a torrent ' fortunately, Dr. Griffin and another gentleman passed almost immediately, and extricated the mau from his perilous situa- tion, for had they been one moment later suffo- cation muse have been the result. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE-On Sunday af- ternoon a man named Thomas Farrell was seen kicking about in the waters of the Yarra near the Queen's wharf, and apparently at the last gasp, the bye standers fished him out and rubbed him down, which kindness Farrell repaid by making a second attempt to plunge into the river, he was, however restrained vi et armis, and handed over to the custody of the police.— In defence Farrell alleged first, that he was drunk, and second, that it was customary for him to swim across the Yarra, in his clothes to his masters tanyard, his master Mr Dunn being sent for said that he was not aware that he swam the river, but had seen him bathe with his clothes on, did not consider that he had a shingle loose The bench fined Farrell five shillings, remarking that if not cautious he might jump in once too often. MISREPORTING -We have been re- quested to state that the report of the result of the Cricket ¡Viatel), as it appears in the Pati «jt of yesterday, is utterly without foundation So far from the University men being beaten two to one, that was exactly the odds in their favor at the close of th° gumc, having no less than six wickets to go down , one of that body, Lieut Rush, obtained fifty notches off his own bat Hie Melbourne Club were beat hollow, not having even a ghost of a chance. CRICKET CLUB. - Challenge from the Tradesman Cricket Club, to the Melbourne Club, to encounter them at a match for double wicket, upon boxing day, was lead to the Melbourne Club upon the ground on Saturday npproved and ac cepted Sneer SALE-To-monow (Wednesday) Mr G S Brodie will bring to the hammer 25,000 sheep an 1 stations at the Devil's River, being a portion ot the property in the famous Ailsa case As a sheep sale this is the largest which has been held in the District. EXPOSING GOODS FOR SALE -On Satur d iy, Mr Michael Davis,shopkeeper, waschurgti u ion uilorniation before his V\orship the Mayor with hanging out merchandise on the foot way n Lhzibeth street Hie defence was, that the pre mists where the goods were exhibited recedet eight or nine inches, besides which there wer twelve feet from the curb foi the footway - 1 o c ipsize this evidence, it was sworn, that oi the day the offence was alleged to have beei committed, the 2bth .November, the articles ex p sed were blown two feet across the footpath - Fined 5s and 5s costs, and m so doing th M tyar pointed out that according to the 16t section of the Act, parties were liable to be fine for exposing any goods for sale over any footwBj or ¡i¡ on or nguiust any Luildiug next unto an footway or public pi ice, and thut offence hu been proved a0dinst the present defendant PUBLIC MEETING THE public meeting, convened by his Worship the Mayor, on requisition of a large number of the inhabitants, for the purpose of considering the subjects of immigration and the prevention of the loss of human life by shipwreck, was held yesterday, in the long room of the Royal Hotel. The meeting was but thinly attended, not more than a couple of dozen of persons being present. The Mayor took the chair at half past two o’clock, and having briefly, but forcibly ex- plained the objects of the meeting, the business was proceeded with. Mr. G. Were, prefacing his motion with a few appropriate remarks, moved:— That it is the opinion of this meeting that a large and continually increasing demand exists in Port Phillip for emigrants from Great Britain and Ireland, of that particular class who would themselves alike be most surely benefitted by their immigration here, and which would also tend to the united best advantage of the present home, as well of the Colonial interests. Mr Westgarth seconded the motion, which was put to the meeting and unanimously carried. Councillor M‘Combie, favouring the meeting with a second edition of his Town Council speech on the Light-house at the Heads, moved: That this meeting further resolves, inasmuch as the objects for which it has met are of such general importance, and affect so deeply the interests of all, that they feel satisfied no dif- ference of opinion can arise as to their com- mon claim upon the exertions and combina- tions of all parties in the district, and that a committee, to be appointed by this meeting, be instructed to co-operate, if practicable, with the Correspondence Committee of the public meeting which appointed a Delegate, in order that a channel of communication with home may be adopted. Mr Heape, J. P., seconded the motion, which was then put and carried. Mr Kerr, remarking that it was necessary now-a-days, in speaking of immigration, to dis- tinguish whether real immigration was meant, or the importation of convicts under the name of immigrants, moved:— That in referring to immigration, this meeting distinctly desires to be understood as contem- plating the introduction of free persons only, and repudiates, in the strongest terms, the im- portation of British criminals under thal or any other designation. Mr. Hull, J. P., seconded the motion, remark- ing as he did so, on the effect likely to be pro- duced in the minds of the British public, by the extraordinary evidence of Col. Barney, (who— no offence to his Irish friends—he thought ought rather to he called Col. Blarney,) before the Transportation Committee, that gallant officer having declared his opinion that the outpourings of the Pentonville and Parkhurst prisons were likely to he a better class of immigrants than those who came free and untainted by crime. Councillor M‘Combie opposed the motion as out of order, but his objection was disposed of by the Mayor’s decision to the contrary. The motion was then opposed by Messrs. Were, Westgarth, and Heape, who declared themselves of opinion with the mover and se- conder of the motion, but would vote against it on the score of expediency, and also by Mr. M‘Com- bie, who, however, thought he would prefer free immigration. Eventually the motion was put to the meeting, and, on a division being called for, there appeared for the motion 11, against it 12; the motion was, consequently, lost, and those adhering to it left the room, declining to be identified with any proceeding which would, in any shape, recognise the importation of British convicts into the province under any guise. The following resolutions were then unani- mously agreed to.— Moved by Mr. Ballingall, seconded by Dr. Fleming:— That it is the opinion of this meeting that great defects exist in the preseot laws, under which merchant shipping are built and conducted, so as injuriously to affect the paramount interest to the colony of immigration from the mother country, and this meeting resolves that imme- diate steps be taken by the Committee to en- force their views publicly, and to endeavour to obtain remedial results. Moved by Mr. R. Porter, seconded by Mr. Smith : That it is the opinion of this meeting that a Com- mittee of the undermentioned gentlemen, with leave to add to their number be appointed to carry into effect the present resolution, and that they do form a permanent Immigration Committee, and the meeting hereby empower them to adopt such public measures, for the furtherance of Immigration from the United Kingdom, as they may consider to be most conducive to that end, and favorable to the in- terests of this district. Messrs. Westgarth, Ballingall, Highett, M‘Combie, Heape, Were, Westby, Splatt, and Montgomery. Moved by Mr. Ballingall, seconded by Mr. O’Farrell:— That a list be now opened to receive voluntary subscriptions from all who are inclined to sup- port the objects of this meeting. That George Were, Esq., be elected Treasurer, and that a public meeting of subscribers, and all con- cerned, be called by the Committee from time to time, and not at more distant periods than once in six months, to receive report of the proceedings of the Society, and other business connected therewith. POLICE OFFICE. Monday, 30th. November, 1846. Before F. A. Powlett, Esq., J. P., chairman, J. Smith, J. C. Riddell, and E. Grimes, Esqrs., Justices. Ptolmey, Bobby, and Bullet Eye, aborigines of the Murray tribe, were brought up on remand and placed at the bar charged with the murder of Mr. Andrew Beveridge, at the River Murray on the 23rd of August last. John George Beveridge.—On the 23rd. August last, I was at the cattle station of my father at the River Murray ; my brother was at the sheep station about 15 miles away ; I know John Kelly and John Ryan who were employed on that sta- tion ; they came to the cattle station on the Sunday, about twelve o'clock ; they came and told me my brother had been killed by the blacks. I went to the lower station with Ryan ; we ar- rived about an hour before sun down ; I saw my brother in a tent dead ; he was rolled up in a rug ; I saw something like a spear wound on his forehead ; the next day I took the body to the cattle station and the following day it was buried ; I know Bobby, I saw him on the station a month before the occurrence took place. John Kelly.— I am a labourer ; on the 23rd. August, I was on the Panyele station occupied by Mr. Beveridge, and called the lower station, I was employed splitting ; I sat down to break- fast with Ryan and Mr. Beveridge, at about 7 or 8 o'clock, and after a short time we heard a cooe from a black who lived on the station ; Mr. Beveridge asked of a black who was named after him, who combarley, the black replied Watty ; Mr. Beveridge said, great scamp that ; Mr. Be- veridge got up and went out of the tent, Ryan followed and said the blacks are going to kill Mr. Beveridge ; I went out and saw three or four blacks lifting their spears at Mr. Beveridge ; prisoner Bobby had a jagged spear lifted against him ; they were within a yard of each other — they were all round him in fact ; Ptolmey was there with a reed spear ; there were also, the prisoner Bullet Eye, Wellington, and Buona- parte ; I went into the tent to get a gun, but found it was not loaded ; immediately Mr. Beve- ridge made his appearance in the tent, with about six inches of a jagged spear in his body above his hip ; the spear was broken off to about the length of eighteen inches; the blood was pouring out of the waistband of his trowsers (sic) at the same time ; when Mr. Beveridge came into the hut he told me to man the guns and I told him they were not loaded , those were the only words I heard him speak ; I ran out of the back part of the tent and was laid hold on by seven or eight blacks, who brought me round to the front of the tent ; when I arrived in front of the tent Bobby had an axe in hand to settle Mr. Beveridge, but the black called Beveridge interposed and was crying; he rushed at me, when Bobby's brother saved me ; he made a similar attempt when Charley interfered ; when I was brought to the front of the tent Mr. Beve- ridge was outside ; he would first fall on the neck of the black Beveridge, and then fall on the ground ; he was looking for protection; Bobby prevented Buonaparte from attacking me with an axe ; Bobby told me to get the horse, but I did not know for what ; Mr. Beveridge had 4 wounds ; I went to Mr. Coghill's station ; Ryan ran away from the tent ; when I returned Mr. Beveridge was dead, wrapped in an opossum-skin rug ; I turned it down, and found a loaded pistol in his belt, which I took away ; the four wounds Mr.. Beveridge received were in the breast, hip, arm, and head ; I have no doubt he died from these wounds ; I saw no spear thrown by any of the prisoners ; Bullet-Eye did not raise a spear in my presence against Mr. Beveridge, but the other two prisoners did ; Bobby was the only one who had a jagged spear. John Ryan examined — I know the prisoners well, I saw Ptolemy and Bobby on the 23rd. of August ; I did not see Bullet-eye ; as we were at breakfast that morning a black fellow named Watty cooed ; deceased asked a black named af- ter himself, " who combarley — what does he want ? " the black replied that he did not know what he wanted ; Mr. Beveridge said Watty was a great scamp, and was there before when the sheep were stolen ; all at once I saw Mr. Beve- ridge going towards the back of the tent, saying to the natives, "Be off, be off ; " I got up from my breakfast, and went out the blacks at the fire, and who had been there all night, were still there, and four of them had their spears shipped ready to throw ; some words passed between Mr. Beveridge and some blacks about stealing sheep ; I heard Mr. Beveridge say " you did, " on which Ptolemy struck him on the breast with a reed spear ; Mr. Beveridge turned round and said, " Oh, my God, am I to be murdered in that way ; " on which the prisoner Bobby flung a jagged spear at Mr. Beveridge, which entered somewhere about the back ; I then ran away ! I did not see Bullet-eye among the blacks ; Ptolemy flung the first spear, which entered Mr. Beve- ridge's breast, and dragged on the ground ; Mr. Beveridge had not gone five yards towards the tent when Bobby threw the second spear ; Mr. Beveridge was at the back of the tent when he was speared ; I saw four spear wounds in Mr. Beveridge's body ; one in the head, in which a portion of the spear remained, in one the arm, another in the hip, and a fourth in the breast ; I have no doubt he died from these wounds ; I went to Mr. Coghill's station, and when I returned in about three hours Mr. Beveridge was dead ; when I went away I saw natives coming over a sand- hill about two hundred yards distant ; six natives had slept at the tent all night ; the prisoners were not amongst them. This closing the evidence, the three prisoners were committed to take their trial for the murder of Mr. Andrew Beveridge. INSOLVENT COURT. Friday, November 27, 184S. Before Robert Williams Pohlman) Esti., Chief Commissioner. In the Estate of Daniel Rooney, of Melbourne, builder.-Daniel Rooney examined by Francis Alessenger, a creditor-1 contracted the debt due to David Hurley as set forth in my schedule, in the following manner. Hurley, two days before my insolvency, being one of the members of la- ther Alathew s Total Abstinence Society, wished to know how I was to pay the money of which 1 had possession as the Treasurer of that Society, and had not deposited in the Bonk ; 1 told fiim I had no means of paying it unless he would take u bill, which I endorsed over to him. The Bill was drawn by me on Air. Alicbael John Davies, and accepted by him for £28. The date of the bill was the 10th of September. The bill was accepted by Air. Davies in payment of an account due by him to me. There was no other furniture I could lay claim to than that set forth in my schedule. I never had any other watch within twelve months than that set forth in my sche- dule. By Robert Mahegan, a creditor-The watch worn _by Airs. Rooney is the same watch set forth in my schedule. The pier glass which used to hang over the fire place, was sold about three weeks, or »bout that period, before my insol- vency. I have omitted a dressing glass in my schedule, considering it of small value. The chest of drawers was given to a domestic servant in payment of her wages about three weeks be- fore becoming insolvent. The picture of a Sleep- ing Bacchus was sold by me tooue David Hur- ley to obtain money to pay the fees of the Insol- vent Court on filing my schedule. The picture of Anne Boleyn is included among sundries in my schedule, end was attached by the messenger. I have sold no cut glass. I never had a hearth rug. The mangle was sold about nine month» _go Bud has not been in my possession sines, Two hair mattresses are included in the bedding, AH the property belonging to Airs. Rooney has been inserted in the schedule. The bill I en- dorsed over to Hurley was the acceptance of AlichaelJohn Davies." Previous to my becoming insolvent the'contract for the tannery was taken out of my bands. The men in my service at that time were for small amounti, and are included in t he smull debts. By the Commissioner-All Airs. Rooney'» propel ty is inserted in the schedule but her neces- sary apparel. moor OF DEBTS. Robert Pattison, goods, £6 5s. ; Henry Day, poods, £6 4s. ; James Farmer, goods, £7 ; John St. Ledger, wages, £10 5s. lOd. ; Robert John- ston, wages, £7 Is. 3d. There was no assigneo elected by the creditors, The insolvent was ordered to amend his schedule, und the third meeting was fixed for the 6th Jan.. 1847. 