PUSEYISM, OH THE OXFORD TRAC TARIAN SCHOOL. (From the Edinburgh Review.) (Continued from our last.) If the Oxford Tract writers had strictly ad- hered to what appeared to be their original intention, as stated in tho Via Media, it would have been difficult at all events, for a clerical antagonist to know how to deal with them ; as they, for similar reasons, wuuld have found it equally difficult to know how to deal with him, Whilo tho Oxford parly maintain that tho spirit of the Church resides rather in ibo Liturgy and Rubric than in tho Articles, their opponents plead that the spirit of the Church resides rather in tho Articles than in the Liturgy and Ru- bric ; and these last, if change must come, would fain havo the latter brought into har- mony with tho former ; rather than the for- mer misinterpreted into agreement with the latter. Which of these two parties is more near the truth in its notions, we shall not venture to enquire. Never having our- selves sworn and subscribed an ex animo as sent " to all and everything" contained in the "Articles, Book of Common Prayer, Ru bric, and Canons," we feel at perfect liberty lo admire and revere whatsoever we deem excellent in the constitution, doctrines, or ritual of the Church of England, without pledging ourselves to admire or revere all. Considering the circumstances under which tho Church was founded, the nation's recent escape from the grossest Popery—the preju- dices which required conciliation—the diffé- rent, and in some respects contradictory, in- terest that were to be adjusted—the explicit admissions of the most eminent Reformers, that they were compelled to content them- selves with doing what they could-we can- not wonder that some portions of the ar- ticles and Formularies of the Church should be hard to be reconciled. As little can we wonder that those who have sworn an ex animo assent by " all and everything in them," should, after so miscellaneous a feast, feel now and then a little dispeptic." They may well bo pardoned if they make some desperate efforts to show that they are not inconsistent; and even applauded if they take the more rational course of recommend- ing that any expressions which trouble con- science should he rectified and adjusted. Meantime, as it is impossible that inconsis- tency should itself be consistent, it is no matter of surprise that these two parties should feel it more easy to refute each other's opinions than to establish their own. One appeals to the Liturgy-tho other to the Articles-each can prove the other par- tially wrong, but neither con prove itself wholly right. In a word, it is a war of re- prisals ; each takes out its " letter of marque" and proceeds to burn and pillage on its ad- versary's coast ; and returning in anticipated triumph-finds equal desolation on its own. Meantime, one thing is clear. The much boasted unity of the Church-that unity which Mr. Gladstone vaunts, and which Mr. Newman sorrowfully laments is not to be found, (not agreeing, it appears, even us to whether they are disagreed)-is something like the unity of chaos. There was hut one chaos, it is true, but in that one there was infinite confusion. Whether absolute unity bo desirable, we have our doubts ; that it is impossible of at- tainment, we have none. We see the very men who have sworn assent to the very same documents exhibit almost every variety and shade of theological opinion. From every zone, every latitudo of theology, has the Church collected its specimens. Each ex- treme, and all between, is there ; from the mere ethical declaimer who has successfully laboured to expel from his course every dis- tinctive trace of Christianity, except what may be found in tho text and the benedic- tion, to tho fanatic who suffers ". grace" well nigh to exclude "morality"-from the most rigid Arminianism to the most rigid Calvanism—from high-church doctrines like those of Laud to low-church doctrines like those of Hoadley— from a theory of the sacraments like that of Mr. Noel.+ The argumentum ad hominem, however, with which the Oxford Tractists (had they restricted themselves to what seemed their original object) night have met their clerical opponents, is of no avail against those— whether in the Church or out of it—who have not subscribed an ec animo assent to her public documents ; and further, as they have not restricted themselves to that object, but have affirmed doctrines and developed a theory essentially inconsistent with Protes- tantism, it is competent to everybody to affirm that they do not of right belong to tho Church of England, though they remain within her pale, and most unworthily eat her bread. Of this any one may convince himself who will take the trouble to examine the Oxford Tracts seriatim—more especially those from Number Seventy to Number Ninety. But there are two facts more easily appreciable by the public. The first is, that the Tracts hate been suppressed BY AUTHORITY—none can deny that. The second is, that the ablest and most influential Prelates have in " Charges" and other publications delivered their express testimony against them, in every tone of lamentation, reproof, and rebuke , they do not disguise their mingled sorrow, shame, and consternation, that such doc trines should have been promulgated by clergymen of their own communion. Those who please may see this collection of testi monies set forth in one of tho publications of the head of this article-" The Voice of the Anglican Church." Nor must it be for- gotten that this series of testimonies derive additional force from the fact that there is so much to gratify Episcopal vanity, and to strengthen Episcopal pretensions. Nothing surely, but an imperative sense of truth and duty could have extorted them in the face of the pleasing adulations with which the " Tracts" abound. It is hard to be compel- led to strike the parasite in the very act of sycophancy ; and frequent and fulsome was tho flattery with which these right reve- rend men were assailed. Their office and prerogatives were studiously magnified ¡ they were addressed in tho humblest tones or awe and veneration ;* they were compared lo the Apostles, not only in their office and dignify -but (let not the reader smile) in their suf- ferings !f How pleasant for a worthy gentleman of princely revenue and baronial dignity to be told that he is at the samo time a sort of martyr, and may aspire to combine the characters of prince and anchorite in his own proper person. We have much sincere respect for the Bench of Bishops ; but among the marks of Apostolical succession we cer- tainly had imagined that privations and suf- ferings were not generally included. We repeat, then, that our Prelates have done themselves much credit in so loudly condemn- ing this new heresy. We only hope that they will act consistently with their protests in tho discharge of their public duties, and in the employmeut of their private patron- age. In attempting to give some account of the principal opinions held by the now school, we do not mean to say that some of them are not held, with certain modifica- tions, by many who would strenuously re- monstrate against being classed in the same category with its founders ; nay, we shall not charge all who avow a general coinci- dence with holding every one to the same extent. " Private judgment," proscribed as it has been, has been at work here too, and left these men little reason to boast of their unity. We shall content ourselves with de- veloping tho system, as explained in the Oxford Tracts, and in works avowedly writ- ten in approval or defence of them, Neither will our space permit us to attempt more than a general statement of the opinions in question. Some of the particular doctrines most in favour with the Oxford Theologians, we have already consi- dered ;+ and some others may hereafter come under our review. ' These writers maintain, in its fullest inte- grity and extent the doctrine of APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSION.§ They affirm that the spiritual blessings of Christianity are, so far as we know, or have, any right to infer, necessarily restricted to the channel of the Episcopally ordained ministry ; that no minister is a true member even of that ministry, unless found in the line of the true succession-in other words, duly ordained by a Bishop, duly consecrated ; whose due consecration again depends on that of a whole series of Bishops from tho time of the Apostles ; that ministers not so ordained have no right to preach the gospel, and cannot administer the sacraments let them be as holy as they may ; that all who aro so ordained may do both, let them he as unholy as they will ;|| that accordingly. Phillip Doddridge and Robert Hall were no true Christian ministers, but that Jonathan Swift and Laurence Sterne were. All this, we know, is very mysterious, but then, as the Tracts say, so are many other things, which we nevertheless believe , and why not this ? It is better " to believe than to reason" on such a subject; or believe first, and reason afterwards. " Let us believe what we do not see and know.. ,, Let us maintain before we have proved. This seeming para- dox^|| is the secret of happiness." Thus, seeing is not believing, as the vulgar sup- pose, but believing is seeing; and you will, in due time, know the " blessedness" of Buch child-like docility.** But it is neces- sary to dwell a little on the arguments of the opposite party, in order to do full justice to the hardihood of the required act of faith. Whether we consider the palpable ab- surdity of this doctrine, its utter destitution of historic evidence, or the outrage it im- plies on Christian charity, it is equally revolting. The arguments against it are infinite, the evidence for it absolutely nothing. It rests not upon one doubtful assumption but upon fifty ; and when these are compounded together, according to Whately's receipt for gauging the force of arguments, it defies the power of any calculus invented by man, to determine the ratio of improbability. First, the very basis on which it rests-the claim of Episcopacy itself to be considered undoubtedly and ex- clusively of Apostolical origin-has been most fiercely disputed by men of equal eru- dition and acuteness; and, so far as can be judged, of equal integrity and piety. When one ru fleets how much can be plausibly anti ingeniously adduced on both sides, and that it would require half a volume only to give an abstract of the arguments ¡ one would think that the only lesson which could or would bo learned from the controversy, would be the duty of mutual charity; and a disposition to concede that the blessings of Christianity are compatible with various systems of Church polity. God forbid that we should for a moment admit that they are restricted to any one ! But this first proposition, however doubt- ful, is susceptible of evidence almost demon- strative compared with that offered for half a dozen others involved in the integral reception of the doctrine of Apostolical suc- cession. Accordingly, there are thou- sands of Episcopalians, who, while they affirm a preponderance of evidence on behalf of Episcopacy, contemptuously repudiate this incomprehensible dogma : of these Archbishop Whately is an illustrious example. The theory is, that each Bishop from the Apostolic time.', has received ia bis conse oration a mysterious "gift," and also trans- mits to every priest in his ordination a mysterious "gift," indicated in the re- spective offices by the awful words, " Receive the Holy Ghost j"* that on this the right of Priests to assume their functions, and the preternatural grace of the sacraments ad- ministered by them, depends ; that Bishops, once consecrated, instantly become a sort of Leyden jar of spiritual electricity, and are invested with the remarkable property of transmitting the " gift" to others; that this has been the case from the primitive age till now; that this high gift has been incor- ruptibly transmitted through the hands of impure, profligate, heretical ecclesiastics, as ignorant and flagitious as any of their lay contemporaries; that, in fact, these *' gifts" aro perfectly irrespective of the moral character and qualifications both of Bishop and Priest, and reside in equal integrity in a Bonner or a Cranmer-a Parson Adams or a Parson Trulliber. Numberless aro the questions which rea- son and charity forthwith put to the advo- cates of thia doctrine, to none of which will they deign an answer except the one already given-that believing is seeing, and implicit faith the highest demonstration. What is imparted ? what transmitted Î Is it some- thing or nothing ? Is consecration or ordi- nation accompanied (as in primitivo times) by miraculous powers by any invigoration of intellect," by increase of knowledge ; by greater purity of heart? Is it not pretend- ed ; and, if it were true facts contradict it, as all history testifies ; the ecclesiastic who is ignorant or impure before ordination, is just as much so afterwards. Do the par- ties themselves profess to be conscious of receiving the girt ? No. Is the conveyance made evident to experience, or conscious- ness ? It is not affirmed. In a word, it ap- pears to bo a nonontity inscribed with a very formidable name-a very substantial sha- dow ; and dispute respecting it appears about as hopeful as that concerning tho "indeli- ble character" imparted in tho unreiterable sacraments of the Romish Church ; of which Campbell archly says-" As to the ubi of the character, there WOB no less variety of sentiments-some placing it in tho essence of the soul, others in the understanding; some in tho will, and others more plausibly in the imagination ; others even in the hands and tongue ; but, by the general voice, the body was excluded. So that the whole of what they agreed in amounts to this, that in tho unreiterable sacraments, as they call them, something, they know not what, is imprinted, they know not how, on something in the soul of the recipient, they know not where, which never can be deleted. . " To them (the IlishopsJ we willingly and affectionately relinquish their high privileges nnd honors; we encroach not upon the rights of thc SUCCESSORS or THE APOSTLES [these nre not our capitals] ; wc touch not their sword and crozier." .... Exalt our holy fathers the Bishops, as the Rc- i prescntatives of thc Apostles, and the angels of thc Churches, and magnify your office ns being or- dained by them to take pnrt In their ministry." (Tracts No. 1, p. 1, -1, addressed to the Clergy.) T " Again, it may be asked, who arc at this time the successors and spiritual descendants of Hie Apostles ? I shall surprise some people by the answer I shall give, though it is very clear, and there is no doubt about it-the BISHOPS. They stand in the place of thc Apostles, ns far as thc office of ruling is concerned ; and whatever we ought to do had we lived when thc Apostles were alive, the sante ought we to do for the Hishops. He that despiseth them, despiselh the Apostles.But 1 must now mention thc more painful part of thc subject, i.e. the sufferings of the Bishops, which is the second mark of their being our living Apostles. I may say, Bishops have undergone this trial in every agc."-(No. 10, p. 3, 5 ; also Vol. i., passim.) X See the nrticlcs on Dr. Pusey's Fifth of No- vember Sermon (Vol. lxvi, p. 39G).-On Glad- stone's " Church nnd State," (Vol. Ix», p. 231.) -On Tract Number Ninety, (April, 1811.)-On the " Hight of Private Judgment, and Sewell's Christian Morals," in the number for January, 1812. § " Why should we talk.... so little of nn Apos- tolic succession Why should we not seriously endeavour to impress thc people with this plain truth (1)-that by separating themselves from our communion they separate themselves not only from a decent, orderly, useful society, but from the only Church in this realm which has a right to be suite sure thal she has the Lord's body to give to his people."-(Tracts, Vol. i., No. 4, p. 5.) " As to the fact of thc Apostolical Succession, i.e. til nt our present Bishops nre thc heirs and representatives of the Bishops by successive trans- mission of thc prerogative of being so, this is too notorious to require proof. Every link in thc chnin is known, from St. Peter to our present metropo- litans.-(No. 7, p. 2.) Dr. Hook soys, "We ask what was the fact, nnd the fact was this : that the officer whom wc now call a Bishop, was first called an Apostle ; although afterwards it was thought better to con- fine the title of Apostle to those who had seen thc Lord Jesus, while their successors, exercising thc same rights and authority, though unendowed witb miraculous powers, contented themselves with the designation of Bishops." It is the preroga- tive of men of this class to talk nonsense ; but really Dr. Hook abuses Ids privilege. It reminds one of whnt u Indy said to Pcllison, " Really, Monsieur Pcllison, you abuse your sex's privilege -of being ugly." ll " The unworthiness of man, then, cannot prevent the goodness of God from flowing in those channels in which he has destined it to How ; nnd the Christian congregations of thc present day, who sit at thc feet of ministers duly ordained, have thc same reason for reverencing in them the suc- cessors of thc Apostles, ns the primitive Churches of Ephesus anti of Crete had for honouring in Timothy and In Titus the Apostolic authority of him who had appointed them."-(No 2, p 10,11.) sj No''. 85, p. 85. *. " I readily allow," says one Tractist on the doctrine of thc Succession, .' that this view of our calling has something in it too high nnd mysterious to be fully understood hy unlearned Christians. But the learned, surely, are just os unequal to it. His part of that ineffable mystery called in our Creed the Communion of Saints ; and with all other Christian mysteries, is above the understand- ing of all alike, yet practically nlikc within reach of all who are willing to embrace it by true faith." -(Vol i, No. 4, p. 6.) " It moy be profitable to us to reflect, that doctrines, which we believe to be most true, and which are received os such by the most profound and enlarged intellects, and which rest upon the most irrefragible proofs, yet may be above our disputative powers, and can bc treated by us only with reference to our conduct."-(No. 19, p. 3, On Arguing concerning the Apostolical Succession.) ."Thus we have confessed before God our belief that through thc Bishop who ordained us we received the Holy Ghost,.the power to bind and to loose, to administer thc sacraments and to preach. Now, how is he able to give these great gifts? H'hence is Iiis right? Are these words idle, (which would be taking God's name ia vain,) or do they express merely a wish, (which surely is very far below their meaning,) or do they rather not indicate that thc speaker is conveyinc a gift Î- 