THE CORN LAWS. ? HOUSE OF COMMONS MONDAY, FEBRUARY! The adjourned debate was resumed by Mr. E. Butler, who replied to the arguments used by Mr. D'Israeli on Friday night. He would give cordial support to the measure of the government and would not hazard its delay by suggesting I amendment. Captain liatcson would give his decided support to the motion before the House, which would turn out of cultivation vast tracts of inferior land, Ireland and in that country there were no man factures which could supply the want of employ in thus created. He also contended that the House would destroy the linen trade of Ireland. Mr. M. Gora supported the measure of the gove ment, declaring that he should consider himself a worthy of a seat in that House if he hesitated one n mort, after having changed his opinion, in coming for ward openly to avow That change. Mr. H. A. Fitzgerald said, that notwithstanding i alarm which the proposition of Sir R. Peel bad crest amongst his constituents, he acted upon his consent tions opinion, supported by those of several ripe enced gentlemen whom he had consulted, and reach to give his warm support to the measures of the | vernment. ' Captain Lockhart had heard nothing to jar a sweeping measure like the present, which, in; the pretence of remedying a casual evil, erect the largest interests in the kingdom to a cj petition which they could not struggle with such fully. ' . Sir G. Clerk denied that the present proposition! the Government could be considered as laying down'' your system of commercial policy, for, in point of if they were only a following out of the system which; been acted upon for; the last twenty years, and no particularly since the measures of Sir li. fool, in li In order to show the extent of the potato malady England, the right honorable baronet stated that supply to London, Manchester, and other large not was one-third less within the latter wools list was during the corresponding weeks of the prevf year, and that the price, which was last year from to 30s. per ton in Covent- garden market, had risen year to from 10s. to 15s. per ton. There was anal point of consideration for honorable gentlemen i supported protection. The population of this coin was increasing so fast, that he might yet become a question as to the possibility of getting a sufficient sappy food at all. In reply to a statement by Mr. Muntz lathe to the ruin of the British zinc houses, show that the real fact was that the zinc manufacture England was too little for the purposes to the bill was intended to apply it, and the foreign zinc, not b open to the same objection, came into general giving in the working up employment to vast ruin of industrious labourers. Mr. Muntz said there was but one house in Eng' capable of keeping up its manufacture of zinc,, even that house, though able to continue the to owing to some favourable circumstances, haddon without profit. Mr. Liddell said the most startling assertion he ever heard was that just uttered by Sir G. Clerk, a he said the policy of the Government was unclear If that policy were uuihuiigi'il, how came the recent situations, and how came the noble lord the Seer for Ireland to go before his late constituents, by w most probably, he would not he again returned ? speech of Sir R. Peel, on a former evening, he ada) to be most able, and from the number of facts add! and the skill with which they were treated, it was culated to make a great impression upon the house was, however, full of fallacies and inaccuracies, existing law had at all events one advantages produced, whether by accident or design, attadiiH price; and here he would observe that he for one ashamed of the strenuous opposition he had offer the proposition of Lord John Russell for a fixed of 8s., a proposition which he would now be happy accept in the room of the one before the he He admitted that after all that had taken place the existing law could not be maintained, but they might a modified protection in its room, and under this ing he should, as long as his constituents relied him as their representative, give his conscientious sition to the measure before the house. Mr. Hutt supported the proposition of the Gc ment. Captain Harris opposed the government proper though be admitted that up to the present put H. Peel had rendered most valuable services : country. Mr. Milnes could not understand the course over by Lord Bandon and other members M ki sd the government measure believing it to be miss yours. He would not adopt their mode of reason but would support the measure of Sir It Peel be ag it to be impossible to maintain the existing pro on, though he could have wished that its aban lent were to be more gradual than was proposed to right hon. baronet. He believed the real life in the case was the position of the tenant-farmers, from this sudden change must bring ruin, rd Ingestre moved the adjournment of the debate li was acceded the Adjourned. ' TUESDAY FEBRUARY 24. ' , M. J. O'Connell said, the present condition of nd rendered imperative a legislative measure for Klin g a freer supply of food in that country, and proposals of government would have such effect. of who were alarmed at the prospect of a great tion of prices, under the operation of this man would do well to recollect the fear which had excited amongst the Irish farmers and millers on assingofthc Canadian Corn Bill, and similar enact 5, the groundlessness of which experience had r demonstrated. once Conolly said, that the failure of the potato in Ireland had been greatly exaggerated. Ad lg, however, the accuracy of those represents, still the measure before the House would be little service. He predicted that the great misery would follow the adoption of the car, and he should, therefore, give it hit sition. rd Ingestrie called upon the Chancellor of the liquor to explain why he retained his seat for the verity of Cambridge, after a change of opinion as late as that which, in 182!), induced Sir Robert to vacate the representation of the sister varsity. .. Trelawney advocated the Government; men J. V Parkes expressed his intention to vote for the moment. e Chancellor of the Exchequer contradicted the our of his being opposed to the measure before the 0 and yielding it a reluctant support to preserve party in power. Referring back to the circum es of last autumn, he avowed that he had at that withheld his assent from the proposition which being agitated in the cabinet, for opening the ports order in council, judging such a measure on all occa- i inexpedient. He had also been averse from the native of an immediate convocation of Parliament, ling it better that an interval should be allowed the , try to weigh the information procured by govern " t, relative to the progress of the potato disease in and. Accounts from the commissioners, re. ed during this period, afforded urgent and I conclusive arguments in favour of an alien in the existing corn law. This change had considered ought to be effected by Lord J Russell and his friends, and in consequence he had ered his resignation to the Queen. He denied it was incumbent upon him to appeal to his const! ley on this occasion, is the compact between him them was completely fulfilled by his supporting lures adapted, in his belief, to the general interests he community. Mr. Liddell had denied that the ping interest had been benefited by the adoption of her commercial policy. Statistics indicated the con-; since 1842 there had been an increase of million tons in the tonnage of our foreign ping. An open trade in corn would exert ' culiarly important influence for the benefit of our mercial marine engaged in the Baltic trade. He (the testimony of an extensive shipowner to the ad- ages conferred by the relaxation of the corn- law In 1, and by the contemporaneous change in the timber tes. The agriculturists must necessarily be bene, d by the impulse which a free commercial inter-, to with other countries would afford to our native oifaeturoB. The consistency of public men had been pic prominently introduced into this discussion, but term consistency meant something different from a d adhesion to a particular law, at all times, and under circumstances. He might be charged with political circles, but he was afraid to retain party connexion the expense of great public interests and if he was ty of political tergiversation, it had been to shield Vicnds from the consequences of their own want of light at this important crisis. r. Kerr and addressed the house in a very animated eli, during which he catechised the various protec st members who had abandoned the pledges made their constituents, and read extracts from their for speeches. The hon. member dwelt at great length the evils of the factory system, and concluded by ex- ling his determination to oppose the measure of go ment, he debate was adjourned. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26. in adjourned debate was resumed by -. Ross, who spoke in support of the Government lures. r. 11. Denison said, that when he had the honour of riding the address, he expected, from what the right irable baronet communicated, the measures would brought forward of the same character with those sounded to parliament in the course of the preceding nor four years, and which he (Mr. Denison) con ?ed so successful. He was not, however, prepared expect that the right hon. baronet would propose the abolition of the corn. laws, even with a sliding scale, ill was to last for three years, accompanied also with pensatory provisions and he begged to say that the ; hon. baronet in so doing had committed a great she, which many people would regret, if the right baronet did not live to regret it himself. Though it. Denison) would oppose the measure, he wished but, if carried, be successful in promoting the pub , advantage in the way which the right hon. baronet ipated. He had never advocated the corn laws on round that they were for the advantage of the land. He had not advocated them solely-, though he partially, for the sake of the tenantry, who were the working men. But he held that great considers should be given to the state and wants of the work classes and if hon. gentlemen could convince him the health, comfort, and happiness of the people Id be promoted by the removal of protection, then shoulders favour of the measure. But till he was MiHuCrd, he must remain of his original opinion, the corn. laws were for the benefit of the wording cs. It had been often said that the wages of labour were so good as when the price of corn was low. admitted this, provided that lowness of price was ed by a good harvest. In the agricultural districts could not long go on well unless they were blessed a good harvest. In the manufacturing districts had never full employment after a bad season, and never out of work after a good one (hour.) When the est was good, there was more corn to sell, and ghtheprico was lower, there was an increase of th to the nation, as it had more to consume; the IT, though he got a lower price, brought home money, and had the greater inducement to em labour, while the labourer got a greater quantity grin for his wages. He could not accept the invita- to vote for the total abolition of the corn laws. It taking them by surprise, and placing some 300 gen 6n, who were most anxious to support the Govern in the awkward position of voting against their fire, against their consciences, or against their con cuts. He must take one course, and he preferred ing against the Government that had brought for the proposition. If he had changed his mind he Id have felt bound in honour to have resigned his he could not content himself with merely saying, give changed my mind, and that disposes of all the bet on the subject." (Cheers.) He regretted his i colleague (Lord Morpeth was not in his place, noble lord seemed to fancy that his not being on 1st the late election was a sign of a great change along in that constituency; let him not deceive bull- so much on that point; various circumstances had led them, he might' say, not to offer any opposi- what those circumstances were he need not state, ad It been a general election, with the proposition 3 Government made known, the noble lord would had to look very sharp about him indeed; and he tell him this, that when the subject was discussed, it number of gentlemen of considerable influence property said they had worked night and day against Mr. Wortley and himself, but that now he 1). Denison) was welcome to use their purses and services. (Hear.) He thought it only fair to their lord to advertise him of this, that he might not himself up in the idea that supporting the repeal 3 corn land would carry him over the course at the election. Brotherton regretted that an immediate in place referred repeal of the corn- laws had not been decided but as it was, he thought the proposition of the lament deserved and demanded the approval of the ry. (Cheers.) Christopher expressed his intention to resist casure of the government, He considered the action which Sir R.. Peel had given of the reasons. I had induced him to resign and resume office ally satisfactory ; but he could not express him i terms of equal satisfaction as to the cause which induced the right hon. baronet to introduce so ing and so perilous a measure as the present, ring to an argument of the Chancellor of the Ex cr that " all protective duties were bad in them and ought to be abolished and that, if any retained, they must be retained for purposes of years principle of which he, for one, did not see . streets observed that he could see no reason duty of 513 per cent, should be still retained for election of the linen, woollen and metal trades, duty of 26 per cent, for the protection of the ide, whilst all protection was removed at once many articles of foreign produce, which entered competition with the native produce of British Kure, and at the end of three years from native sell. He contended that agriculture ought to be ted to the same extent as manufactures were that, e were any force in the Chancellor of the Exche- argument, he ought to propose a fixed duty on and that until he abolished the protecting duty ry other article, he had no right to propose the on of the duty on corn. He complained, too, that most unfair to expose the British agricul to unlimited competition, whilst you prevented 'our cultivating his land as he pleased for the bone, our colonial possessions. The cultivation of to- was prohibited in this country and yet from the seen of its cultivation in Germany he was cod that thousands of acres in Lincolnshire might / profitably cultivated for that plant. Adverting different measures proposed by Sir R. Peel as a nation to the agricultural interest-a phrase he was very sorry to have heard used-he to I them all in detail, and came to the conclusion i compensation they were not worth a single ng. As a whole, he considered the government e fraught with injury to every interest engaged . nufactures, agriculture, and trade. The lower scended in the scale of society, the greater would id the suffering inflicted by it. The first suf would be the labourer the next, the occupier ill farms-the next, the small landed proprietor t of all, the great landowners, whose losses would first on the shopkeeper, and afterwards on the ant and manufacturer. Cardwell observed that, as he had never yet i on the question of the corn- laws, he was anxious rain the grounds on which he gave his cordial ?t to this measure for their final adjustment. Ifo ded that those laws had not rendered us in -epim of foreign supply-that they had not given soon r the investment of capital in land that they had hired the farmer a remunerating price and that is not afforded the labourer a protecting price for our. He then contended that the repeal of these could promote the prosperity of commerce and tures; and that that prosperity would increase id increased, in post time, the rate of wages in the metal and manufacturing districts. A man with week would encamp more bread, butter, beef, and other agricultural produce, than a man For even 15s. a-week; and when the consumption cultural produce was thus increased, the profits farmer would be increased likewise, and the son of the agricultural labourer would be proper i bettered. He had always entertained the sea. of mines which he had just expressed; but he had likewise always considered that great questions like the pro lent ought to be regarded as questions of time If then, this question there a question of time, was not Ing, of all others the time to look out for a supply of food r and if the adjustment of the complaints there to be accomplished, a hen could it be done to without thedisbcation of existing interests He contended, too, that this Parliament had a perfect right to decide the question and if it should decide it as the government advised, by reuniting the sources of discord between conflicting classes, and by exhibiting a wise and discriminating regard towards all the interests of this great empire, it would confer an inestimable benefit upon the present and every succeeding generation. ; Mr Finch proceeded to point out the charge which this question had undergone since he had had been in Parliament Formerly it was not a question whether there should be protection or no protection, but who ther there should be a fixed duty or a sliding-scale; but now both those doctrines were thrown over, as if a moral murrain had broken out among the leaders on both sides of the house. He considered their conversion which was partly ludicrous and partly miraculous, to be the result of circumstances rather than of conviction, of clamour and agitation rather than of calm reason and impartial judgment. Warning Sir R Peel that ft British minister ought to be clamour proof, he proceeded to comment upon his speech of a former even ing, and especially the peroration of it, which, was so eloquent an eulogium upon free trade that it could not be answered by any other person than Sir H Peel himself. Having entered into a general defence of the existing corn laws, and denounced the proposed altera- lions, the honorable member concluded an elegant speech in the following words .-" The result of the decision on this question was well known; ministers would have a nominal majority and a hole fide minority, because those who misrepresented the element of their constituencies would by the country he deducted from the one side and added to the other officers from the protection benches) They (the protectionists) would retire from the decision with unbroken ranks and un- daunted hearts, and prepared to renew the battle on the first opportunity. They would appeal, not only to their constituents, but to the country. They knew the majority of the population here with them (cheers and counter cheers), they believed the majority of the constituents were with them ; they trusted soon to have the nation with them (cheers) In the next Parliament there would be 300 good protectionists The cause of protection was not lost It was a cause still dear to the British nation, because it was in unison with British habits, and consonant to BE atish interests They (the protectionists) were strong in principle, strong in consistency (renewed cheers), and they would support and defend that cause so long as they had a nice to utter an arm to raise, or a shot to discharge in its defence" (loud cheers from the protection benches ) Mr. Seymour observed, that some members elected five years ago seemed to have forgotten the sentiments of their constituents; but Unas impossible for him, who was only elected on Thursday last, to display such a failure of memory He undertook to say, that in Dorsetshire the farmers to go to a man strong protectionists, and he believed that nine tenths of the farmers in other counties of England were so too. Their opinions were, therefore, entitled to respect from her Majesty's Government, and he was inclined to think that they would have obtained that respect had they been less loyal and more seditious Mr Villiers called attention to the different manner in which this law was originally passed, and in which it was now proposed to repeal it. The law was passed through the House as quickly as law could be; but the proposition for the repeal of it had been delayed for more than three weeks, by a party opposed to the public good That delay, too, had been persevered in after they had received full information of the mischief inflicted on commerce and manufactures by the protracted length to which they had spun out this discussion, for which nobody cared a straw, except so far as regarded its result He expressed his satisfaction at the concessions and avowals of Her Majesty's Government. That concession, he was bound to say, had not been made by the members of that got eminent at any sacrifice of private honour or of public principle, but had been extorted from them by a conviction of the great danger in which the country was placed from an apprehended deficiency in the supply of food. In bringing forward this measure, the Government was protecting the agriculturists from themselves, and he hoped that they would have good sense enough to see that, and to consent to the abolition of a law which was an evidence of their past selfishness and present shame. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27. Mr Bankes complained of the conduct pursued by Sir It Peel during the late ministerial interregnum, and said that he could find no precedent for a private in dividual (as Sir It. Peel was at that time) obtruding his advice upon the Sovereign with aticwto influence her conduct He then contended that before this measure for the repeal of the corn laws was passed, an appeal ought to be made to the country Show him the place where there had been a free English election, and he would show that a protectionist member had been returned He understood that in Yorkshire 2000 votes were boasted to have been purchased for the service of the Anti-Corn-Law League Where, then, was the triumph of the noble lord who sat for the west riding? (cheers ) Should he take the last and most striking instance the election for the county of Nottingham, the member for which had not taken his seat to-night, and he did not know why, though another county member, who was elected only this morning, had taken his seat to-day? If ever there were a fair trial of political strength made in any part of the kingdom, it was in that which had taken place in Nottingham, a county not of an unmixed agricultural character Mas he (Mr Bankes) asking too much, when the fate of Ireland, as was admitted, did whispers on this measure when the necessity which had been put forward as he would not say the pretence, but the reason for this attempt, was given up and abandoned-and when they admitted that there was no occasion for haste, alarm, or anxiety, unless as far as those were concerned whose interests they said they were injuring by continuing the present system of corn-law-was it too much to ask, that they should allow the agricultural interest to hate that which it demanded namely, the expression of opinion by the whole constituency? (loud cheers ) Different opinions had been given with regard to those members who had resigned their seats, as well as to those who, having changed their opinions, had retained them Now some honorable members had adopted a middle course, by partly resigning and partly retaining their seats (hear, hear) The honorable member for Durham (Mr Bright) chose to be pleasant with honorable gentlemen on his (Mr. Bankes a) side of the House, and observed that, considering they were all going to execution, they looked remarkably well (a laugh). He remembered the old and well known ballad of Pi words, descriptive of a man going to execution, and it struck him (Mr. Bankes) that it very much resembled the case of those half-resigned gentlemen " Now fitted the halter, now travel used the cart, And often took leave, but seemed loth to depart. ' (Loud laughter.) Mr B Scott said of all the votes he had ever given in that house, he would get of his vote for the measure on that night with the greatest hope of future benefit resulting therefrom to the country, and with the greatest confidence that every consideration of public good required him so to give it What, at the present moment, independently of the failure of the potato crop, was the great need of the country ? It was the supply of meat, and if they had more food for stock they won Id have more meat, and every farmer and grazier would be better off He had made inquiries on this subject of a great cattle dealer, who told him that, in all his experience, he had never known so much distress for food for cattle as during last winter and spring, and that he could say, without hesitation, of all the cattle in the ex- tensive district he true or send, one head out of every twenty died of sheer starvation (hear, hear) At first very time there was, in a market town in that district, an enterprising man who had a large stock of maize in bond, which he had imported from the United States on speculation, yet he could not sell it because he could not take it out of hand without paying a duty which would make it too dear for the use of the farmer (hear, hear) Thus the very law for the protection of the tanner head, by creating an artificial price, starved one out of every twenty head of cattle in the district, although there was abundance within reach, if they had been allowed to help themselves to it (hear, hear) It was said the existing law benefitted the small farmers. Now the county he lived in abounded with small farmers, and he crashed into with scores of them. He asked one of them the other day, whether it would not be advantageous to him to have cheap oats, beans, and maize for his cattle, and this farmer told him that he lost within £10 of his whole rent last to motor through the increased amount he had to pay for the food of his cattle He said also that he at as obliged to kill beasts which, if he could have kept them until Midsummer, would have been worth £20 area cc ; he was obliged at that account to kill at Lady-day when they there not fit for human food, or worth 3-piece to him Yet this also was within three miles of that market town where the maize he had alluded to was locked up to the great loss of the importer and the farmer (hear, hear) Captain Gladstone said, some hon gentlemen who supported the Government declared that they were only follow jug up the principles propounded in 1892, but, it that was the case, why did the right hon, bayonet and his colleagues in the good common declare that they had changed their opinions? (hear). The right hon baronet had stated that the pressure of the last few years had been the cause of that change and he had admitted that even if there had not been a failure of the potato crop, some such measure as the present would have been brought forward. Where, then, was their. gardens of those hon, gentlemen' He (Capt. G.) did not agree with all that had been said on the subject of protection, because he hold no ultra views on the subject ; but he found that different interests in the country had been protected for a long period, and that under that artificial system the country had nourished (cheers) He found also that the most eminent men of the country had expressed 1 it as their opinion that protection, if withdrawn at all, should not be withdrawn hastily The measure of the right hon. baronet, howe or, could not, in his opinion, be considered a gradual or cautious rc contains protection,, Mr. Cobden then rose amidst cheers from those hon gentlemen who sat around him. The hon. member looked pale and ill; and commenced in a very low tone of t once He said, sir, I have told the good or ill fortune, as it may be, to listen to many came law debates in this House. I had not the opportunity of listening to the entire of this debate, but I have read every word of the speeches made in the course of it. The question discussed had been mainly the conduct of the ministry not the principle of the measure, and another question had also been mixed up with it namely, the necessity for a dissolution of Parliament, and an appeal to the constituency of the country (Hear ) Bqt, sir, though there may be just grounds, in a personal sense, for honorable gentlemen opposite assailing the ministry for the course they had of pursued on this occasion, I can assure them that the country at large does not say nips tiiUo with them nay, more, if they pursue that course any further, that the country may suspect the quarrel has been got up solely to evade the discussion of the question at issue (Hair ) It I understand your position rightly it is this, you say, We wish for an appeal to the country, if the country decides that your policy is right we will bow to the decision of the country." I think I have fairly stated your position in the first place I tell you, if you are beset ers in the truth of your principles, that you are unworthy of your principles for giving them upon such light grounds when 1 came into Parliament there was a majority of ninety one against my view of the corn laws, but J miner, but yet to those laws, and as long as (hole laws existed (hear, hears say as long as they existed, I never ceased my exertions to get them stated (Cheers) And it you held the same belief in your views, you would use the same surname, and would adopt a decided course to maintain principles which you believe to be essential to the prosperity of the country You would say, "If we are thrown to the ground we will spring up again " (Hear and cheers ) Assuming that you can carry out your purpose, let us see how it would work This point is one to which I wish to draw your latent in, but it is of greater importance that attention should be paid to what I say in another place (Hear, hear ) You want a dissolution, you say, you want to ascertain the opinions of the Country Did you | over think what the opinion of the country is Do you mean by the opinion in the country is named real in i jority of this house (hear) We shall have it to night cheers) Oh, you are not satisfied with that, and you begin preaching democratic doctrines, by referring the question to the people Well, you want me to have a such an opinion, but will you first be good enough to define what you mean by the people and public opinion 5 You pro less to say you will be guided by a numerical majority of this house when the house shall be returned to their seats by the decision of the country I deny that there exists the slightest probability of your getting a nuine rical majority if a dissolution took place to morrow I would not have said so three months ago indeed, I said the contrary at a meeting in the country, but since that time your party has been broken up, your firm phalanx has been dispersed, and what is the effect of your separation among your party all persons of the least intelligence can inform you Everybody who is acquainted ii til the towns in the north of England will bear me out, when I say that four-fifths of the Conserva- lives will follow the right hon baronet, and only one fifth will follow the Duke of Richmond (cheers; But I will assume for the sake of argument, that you do have a numerical majority Let us see what that no medical majority or minority consists of There are, to begin with, 18 members for the metropolis and two members for the metropolitan county, 50 members of all, and we have all the twenty (cheers ) They represent 110,000 electors they represent a population of 2,000,000 of the most intelligent, the most healthy, the most orderly, and, though I have witnessed in the manufacturing districts what hard-working men are yet, acquainted as I am with business life in the metropolis, I am bound also to add- the hardest working people in England (cheers ) I will turn to Edinburgh, and ask you, do you reckon on the members for that city in your majority ' And then there is Dublin will you hate the honorable members for Dublin on your side? or will you have the members for the great towns of Glasgow, Manchester, Leeds Bristol, of Liverpool, or, indeed, any town with above 20 000 inhabitants ? (oh, oh, and cheers) I defy you to show that you can fairly reckon on a single suppo. ter from any town of importance in the kingdom containing 25 (10 people (oh, oh ) I tell you you have not a town containing 25,000 inhabitants with you (loud cries of " oh, oh, and " Bristol and Liverpool') No, you have neither Liverpool nor Bristol with you (renewed disapprobation and cheers) It shows plainly you have not weighed the matter as you are bound to weigh it, and I caution you not to be led away by men who greet you with noisy applause, and whom this resemble the schoolboy, who whistles when passing through a church yard at night, to keep up his courage (cheers ) Go into facts your leaders that were here weighed these facts, and you have none amongst you worthy to be by our leaders now, unless they well welch these facts (cheers ) You will have, it is true, the pocket boroughs and the nomination counties Will you set these votes against the votes of members who represent London, South Lancashire, West Yorkshire, North Cheshire, and Lancashire, with the whole the large towns? Not one member for one of the large towns will take with you (hear) what would be your position? Why you would shrink aghast at the view of your position (hear) If members cannot toward under such circumstances, and made an attempt to maintain the existing corn laws, when the public were determined to have them repealed j -I say the members for Chippenham Ripon, and Stamford, if they adopted this course, would hold their seats on sufferance, and would fill them no longer than the the country, finding you will not give way to moral force, should determine to place them In another schedule A Now, is not that public opinion ? I tell you such an amount of public opinion is sufficient to do anything in this country Had there been the same amount of public opinion in 1745 in favour of Charles Stuart his descendants would have been at this moment sitting on the throne But you will probably tell me that these elections do not express the opinions of the mass of the people Rather democrat that, I think What evidence have you that the great mass of the people are not with us ? Will you go to the old Saxon mode of ascertaining the opinions of the country, by calling public meetings ". If there is any foundation for public opl alone, It is in these public meetings Call your public meetings then, I say, to support your room laws Call one. I challenge you to call one anywhere I will remind honorable gentlemen that with respect to the counties representation Is altered The -280 tenants at will have quite altered the old county representation (hear) We never used to hear, in city years ago, of requis! ioii3gotupin favour of a particular member by tenant farmers (hear The requisition used to emanate from the freeholders But you introduced into the Reform Act, by a great mistake, a clause innovating upon the old constituent system, and giving tenants at will the power of voting (hear) Do you mean to tell me that the votes of the tenant farmers will represent public opinion? I say not (hear) 1 is put it to you candidly Is it not an air derstood piece of etiquette, that a candidate is not to canvas a county until he has obtained the sanction of the landlords (no, end slicers was he to understand that it was not the rule of etiquette to canvass the tenantry of a large estate without first getting the consent of the landlord (series of " no, no ) I only hear the of or three faint noes (loud cries of " no, no," and laughter, and therefore I say the ayes have it I wish you to bear this in mind, that the country will not be governed by any combination of landlords and tenants (2 oh, and cheers) You must be aware of the numbers in which your power rests 150,000 tenants are the basis of your political power I have analysed the more,, And J any your power is based on 150,000 tenants Now try on the opposition to this measure for three years, if you like There is a plan in operation much maligned by you, and still more maligned In another place, and the more the shoe pinches the more they evince ("oil, on, ) I say we are calling into exercise the true old English constitutional franchise of five centuries antiquity and we intend to countervail those in novations of yours on the Reform Bill (opposition (boors) You think there is something revolutionary in this 'cheers from the agricultural members), but you are the innovators and revolutionists who introduced this new franchise into the Reform Act However, I believe it is perfectly understood by the longest heads of your party that we have the power out of doors Now, have you ever thought of this, that less than half the money invested in the Savings Banks, laid out at better interest in the purchase of freehold property, would give qualifications to more than your 150,100 tenant farmers; You may misrepresent the circumstance, and say the League Is purchasing votes and giving them away, but we are not quite so rich as that Be assured, however, that if you could prolong this contest three or four years, which you cannot do, (Opposition cheers), let it come to the worst, we have the means in our port or we are prepared for it-we have the money subscribed for the purpose, and we are prepared to meet this difficulty and overcome it (Cheers) Now let it be understood that all this extraneous matter has not been introduced by me The debate has been taken on the question of dissolution Nobody can complain of my ever having introduced irrelevant matter into the question of the corn laws I will tell you what my thoughts were as I sat reading your debates day after day As I road, my old friends and acquaintances, the fallacies which were knocked on the head seven years ago, came up one after another as rife as over, and I said, " What fun there will be for all the fustian jackets in the north of England when they read these debates ' i Laughter ) M hy you are perfectly unconscious that all the world has been laughing at you during these debates (Laughter ) Dependence upon foreigners) "Why who in the world ever supposed that that long buried ghost would have risen again > Dependence upon foreigners! The drain of gold! Wages rising and falling with the price of bread Throwing fund out of cultivation! Buying corn here to sell at twenty five shillings per quarter I (Laughter ) You forgot that the great mass of the people here take a very different view of those matters They formerly, six or seven years ago, did give in to your reiterated assurances that wages did rise and full with the price of bread You had a very good clap trap against us, the manufacturers, in asserting that » e wanted to reduce wages The working classes, not believing that wages rise and fall with the price of bread, when you tell them that they may have corn at 5s per quarter, instead of being frightened rub their hands, and expect to save more money with bread at half price And then, as to the danger of throwing the land out of cultivation, the men in the south of England have got over Hint, for they say then no shall got our land for potatoes gardens at a halfpenny a "lug instead of paying 3d or 4d They are not at all alarmed about it These fallacies have been all disposed of, and if you had lived more in the world, more in public opinion, and less within that charmed circle which you think the world, but which is really nothing of the kind If you had attended less to the excitement of your clubs- less to that buoyancy which arises from your talking to each other of the effects of a smart speech with which you have assailed the minister-it you would leave off that kind of child s play and study the feelings and intelligence of the country, you would not talk as you have talked for the last eleven days Now with regard to the farmers have taken as much pains as anybody to teach the farmers, but I will not deny that a large portion of the farmers carry out the views of the landon nor And I will tell you the reason They are like children blindfolded, who have been told by their nurses that if they stir they will fall down some hideous precipice, or that some old bogie would catch them (laughter) If the landowners would say to the farmers this is a landlords question, and we will keep you harmless whatever happens, the farmers would be perfectly easy and willing to receive free trade (Hear, hear, her ) I do not think, generally speaking, that the farmers believe all that you have been telling them, and I'll tell you why I don t myself I believe that farms will let now at rents as high as over Now there is something very remarkable in this Since the right honorable baronet proposed his measures I have directed my attention especially to this point, and I think it is conclusive, and solves many of the difficulties which exist I have inquired of land agents, of landed proprietors, of lawyers, has the land suffered any depreciation in value in consequence of this measure ? It is a remarkable thing that while some ar-. tides have been rendered almost unsaleable, land is actually letting and selling at higher prices than ever I will give you an example I will mention a case, and the honorable member for Somersetshire will, perhaps, corroborate my statement Mr Gordon, is a near neighbour of (the honorable gentleman Mr Gordon has 00 tenant farmers on his property, and he made them an offer that he would, if they chose, take their farms off their hands at Lady day Yesterday was the last day of giving notice of acceptance of his offer Yet not one farmer had accepted the proposal There is another instance It is the statement of a gentleman in theory, an eminent solicitor, who for a number of years has been largely interested in landed property , He states that he has for many years been engaged in the management of landed property, in the purchasing and letting of estates in different counties, and that he is at the present three negotiating for (the renewal of leases of lands In HecjfortiiiUii e, Hertfordshire, and Essex Hu hiatus that in the latter county a tenant who had rented 500 acres under lease for fourteen years at a rent rather high, hat now offered to renew the lease for fourteen years at an increase of rent of 15 per cent, and agreeing to under drain two a third of the land, the proprietor furnishing the drain ing likes (hear) He states that the tenant sickness ! ridges that the cultivation of the farms may he greatly , improved so as to insurgents the rent that he has and then. t,ecup4Hun than unit of running, and can there here, live without his farms, and that he is a protect ' (honest in words and a supporter of Sir John Tyrell (hear and laughter) and in consequence of the rumour that this farm was to be let, offers had been given in for it by eight or ten most respectable tenant), (A voice I What part of Essex r ). The gentleman, then alludes to Herefordshire, and states, that he is at present re- newing the Calga Of three large farms in that county at an increased rent, covenanting for a greater extent of under draining In Bedfordshire he has negotiated for the letting of two moderate farms with the same result On application being made for one of them, he stated that the following converted in took place between him and the tenant -"I understand you have the letting of Les farmS -"hate ' « I should like to make an offer " 1 on arc, I presume, a farmer ' -Yea, and I have sufficient capital "to know the rent paid by the present tenant r -"Yes, I do, but if. there is no longer to be protection for corn, 1 hope you will consider that In fixing the rent "Pray, Sir e, what, in your judgment, will be the effect of a repeal of the corn laws ? -"It will be the awakening up of thousands of farmers who have been hitherto asleep, (much laughter) -" Well, but with respect to the land there must be a cot tenant for better cultivation and under draining -" It is my intention to under drain if the landlord find the lines -' Tell me, if I am right in supposing that under an improved cultivation one third more corn can be grown, and that of a better simple? -"No doubt you are right -"I then if I am right, what have you to roar from the abolition of the corn laws "Nothing at all (Laughter and cheers.) Now this person has taken the farm at an increased rent and has undertaken to under drain it, the landlord finding the tiles (A cry of " name The hon. gentleman may be able to say whether this is a fair statement or not, but I will put it to him, or to any one, whether he is prepared to sell his estate now for a sum and farthing less than that for which he would have sold it tivoli c months ago (boar) The country looks upon protection to corn in the same light as it looks upon the protection against witchcraft namely, that it is a mere delusion, and it no more regards your protection and precautions against free trade, than it does the horse shoe nailed on the stable door as a protection against witchcraft (laughter) The people laugh to scorn all your arguments Can protection and, think you, to the wealth of the country ? Can you by legislation add one farthing to that wealth ? You may by the legislation of one evening destroy the fruits of centuries of labour (To id cries of "Hearhear, fiomtheagriculturalmembers) Yes, But I defy you to show me how you can by legist in this House add one farthing to the wealth of the country That wealth springs from the industry and intelligence of the people You cannot guide that in telligence You cannot do better than leave it to its own instincts (hear) Honorable gentlemen may think that I have spoken harshly on this occasion I wish to see them come to a better conclusion I verily be diet e if they divested themselves of their prejudices, we might all he free traders this very year There were but two things to prevent this-the belief of sinister interests, and the incapacity to understand the propositions of political economy (oh, oh) There are many heads which cannot comprehend the propositions of political economy To do so, I believe, is the highest attainment of the human intellect and far surpasses any attainments in the exact sciences But, excepting these the accidents, I defy you, if you look around to avoid coming to the conclusions of Adam Smith Why should we not agree I want no triumph for the Anti Corn Law League I want you to agree unanimously to put an end to the system Come, let us have a large free trade meeting in Manchester come, let us confer together let us see if we cannot do some thing better for the good of our common country than the carrying on this strife of classes (cheers) let us recognise this principle, that we must not tax others for the benefit of ourselves (hear) Above all things, did est all future prime ministers from this moment of the responsibility of regulating the supply of food in this country Mark me, you will not again find a prime minister of this country who will undertake that most fearful responsibility It belongs to God and nature, and those laws of trade, which, as Burke said, are the law s of God and of nature, and to them only it belongs to regulate the supply of food and every other commodity for the good of mankind I ask honorable members to look these matters fairly in the face, and I have no doubt that when it shall be seen that the repeal of the corn laws, at the end of three years, is inevitable, you will be as anxious to meet the wishes of the people, and put an end to this strife, put an end to agitation, and dissolve the League as in good faith you will dissolve it [loud cheers] We are on the eve of a very great change [loud cheers] Put your selves in a position to participate in the work, and help to guide and control it, for honour and fame are to be gained by those who set the example You belong to a race, not of a mere privileged aristocracy, but to an aristocracy of intelligence, of progress and improvement We have set the world the example in all great Improvements The rules and regulations of this house have become the models for every deliberative assembly [loud cheers] l We have got on the world a free press, we have given it civil and religious freedom (renewed cheers), and every institution which belongs to liberty and civilisa- tion (continued cheering), and now we are going to give it another example greater than all (Cheers and counter cheers ) less, we are going to set the world the example of making industry free, if ginns mankind the full advantage of every crime, of every latitude, we are going, in fact to teach the world another great lesson Cheers) Do not think there is anything selfish or anything discordant with Christian principle in this I shall show you that it is the highest test of Christianity to buy in the cheapest and sell in the dearest market, for what does that mean ? To go to the country where an article is cheap, because it is abundant, and carry it to a country where it is scarce Thus equalising the bounties of Dil ino Providence, and giving to mankind the fullest enjoyment of the earths foods, and in so doing, you will be carrying out to its fullest extent the Christian doctrine of doing to others as you would they should do to you (Loud cheering ) Mr. Spooner spoke against the ministerial measure Mr P Borthwick spoke in favour of the abolition of the system of protection I Lord G Bentinck said, vicious as he thought the measure, deeply injurious to all the great interests of the country, he should think half its vice removed if it could be carried in this Parliament without loss of honour, loss of character, and loss of influence of many of the gentlemen who sat on this side of the house. The noble lord then combated some of the statements made by Sir R Peel, respecting the beneficial effect which had followed the reduction of the duties on silk and other articles They had been challenged to show how they could feed the people. He was prepared to show them that all the great improvements in agriculture had taken place under the influence and encouragement of protection Between lbOl and 1821, no fewer than 3,000,000 acres of land had been enclosed, and the produce had been gradually increased In 1821, the produce of an acre was only seventeen bushels in 1840 it had increased to 20 bushels, and in 1844 to 28 bushels That would show that the increase of produce had kept pace with the increase of population Produce would still further be increased by the application of the guano which had been recently imported for the purpose of the agriculturists He had shown that hitherto they had control ed to feed the people, but had they no waste land ? (hear, hear ) The United kingdom contained Fifteen million acres of waste land They had been told that they wanted free trade to waken them up. He was afraid to weary the house, or he could prove on the testimony of English, trench, and American authorities, that while In a England the raised twenty eight bushels of wheat an acre, in France they only produced fourteen In Holt and twenty three bushels and in America fifteen, [loud cries of Dr rule] One word more and he had done They had been called a " proud aristocracy, and he trusted that they would that night prove their pride, by preserving their honour, and that, after having turned out the W pigs in the year 1941, they would show that they were now incapable of double dealing of bert ing their constituents, and deluding the country [loud and prolonged cheers] No other honorable member having risen to address the house, strangers were ordered to withdraw at twenty minutes before three o'clock The house then divided The numbers were For the Amendment . 240 For the original motion 537 Majority in favour of Government 97 The announcement of the numbers was follow ed by loud and continued cheers from the opposition The Committee was appointed for Monday, and the House adjourned at a quarter past three 