-Windsor. ON Monday morning last, this town pre- sented a scene of the most universal bustle and excitement, and from the variety of strange faces which made their appearance at almost every turn of the street.it was quite perceptable that something extraordinary was about to take place, for every second person the eye chanced to meet, attired in the fashionable togs of a swell, would be found, on close inspection, to be some sporting cove from the neighbourhood of Penrith, who had but just arrived in time to witness the match betweeo Mr. George Seymour's Lottery and Dr. Syntax, the property of the proprietor of thc Rose Inn, one of the most facetious, gay, and sporting little fellows to be found m this portion of the southern hemisphere, and although the poisoned tongue of slander has of late made efforts to traduce his good name, we are bound to say, from the many good qualities we know him to possess, that a more humane, generous sporting colonist does not exist amongst us. Match for £40 ; heats, once round ; weight for age ; Lottery, 9st. 9lbs. ; Dr. Syntax, 9st. ölbs. At one o'clock precisely the horses were brought to the post ; old Lot was mounted by : Mickey Bryan-scarlet jacket, black j cap ; the Doctor by our old friend, Dunn, in blue and black. Messrs. James Hale and W. S. Baylis being appointed umpires, the word " off" was given, when Mickey, having old Lottery well on his haunches, obtained the start by about 8 lengths, and endeavoured to maintain the favored post rion until mounting tho hill to come home, when the Doctor collared and headed him, when a severe struggle ensued to the dis- tance post : here the old un, by dint of whip and spur, gained the ascendency, and won by about a neck. SECOND HEAT. An excellent start, both getting away to- gether for the first 100 yards, when the Doctor took the lead, the old un running in his quarter to the hill ; here the Doctor's physical power seemed to fail him ; the lancet was quickly applied by his assistant, from the effects of which he bled copiously ; nevertheless he had given up the ghost, and all human application was unnecessary; his chance of winning was gone, and little Mickey Bryan endeavoured to land old Lot "first and first," after which the backers and friends repaired to Mr. John Higger son's, Bird-in-Hanil, and after having par took of a sumptuous'collation of all the good things therein contained, washed down by the necessary accompaniment, Dunbar's best bottled ; they returned to town, and finhhed the evening as sportsmen shouid do, nor was the evening service closed until the witching hour of midnight, when the losers retired to rest their weary limbs, and brood over the sorrows and disasters of the day; the winners to regale themselves over a bottle of little Charley's best sherry, vociferating aloud-» Daran me, bow we nicked 'em ! Old Jorricks has been purchased at £80 by Mr. Hogan, of Penrith, to be delivered immediately after the Windsor R ices. This is the fourth time this deserving old favou- rite has changed owners during the last five years. -, 