CONUNDRUMS. Why is a lover like a knocker?—Because he is bound to a door (adore). Why is a butcher the likeliest of all others to become in- solvent?—Because he keeps so much dead stock on hand. To what colour does a flogging change a boy's com- plexion?—It makes him yell-O ! A coquette is said to be a perfect incarnation of Cupid. Cos vy ? She keeps her beau in a quiver. Why are young ladies always designated spinsters ?—Be- cause they make hearts yearn. When is a fish not a fish ?—When it is turned into water. Why should a baker be always poor?—Because he is con- stantly kneading bread. Why is a man going to be married like one going to a French port?—Because he is going to Havre (have her). Why is an extravagant housekeeper like a caterpillar?— Because she makes the butter-fly. Why is a philosopher like a pickpocket ?—Because he is often given to fits of abstraction. Why is Sir Robert Peel like a man before a round of beef with liberty to help himself ad lib. ?—Because, in the "ministerial crisis," he has been allowed to "cut and come again." Why cannot persons starve in the desert ?—Because of the sand-which-is there. Why is a partner in a railway like a ploughman?—Be- cause he is a shareholder. What essence is most pleasant to a gentleman popping the question ?—Acqui-essence. Why are the flowers such severe creditors?—Because they are always sure to get their dews. What does a glazier get when he cracks his own work ?— His labour for his panes. Why is a man who has the influenza like a House of Representatives?— Because first the ayes have it and then the noes. Why is the meat supplied to the Poor-Law union work- houses considered the easiest of digestion ?—Because it is always tender meat. Why is policeman C 1 likely to prove a great arithme- tician ?—Because he is constantly investigating the contents of the areas in squares. Why should a lawyer be more likely than a physician to make a good Bishop?—Because, however fond a physician may be of visitations, a lawyer would be more at home in charging the clergy. Why is it that railway engines may stand still, but never sit?—Because they have a tender behind. Who is the general pew-opener in the metropolitan churches?—One Bob. Why is a soldier in the ranks ten years ago, and in the ranks now, liable to seizure by the Excise?—Because he is a private still. Why is an actor leaving the stage like a hen hatching a chicken?—Because he is making his egg-sit. Why is April weather like Lord Brougham ?—Because it has lucid intervals. Why must the wreck of the celebrated Atlantic steam- ship have been a severe blow to two great countries ?— Because America lost her President and England her Power. What letter of a foreign language made Queen Elizabeth establish goose as a Michaelmas dish?—The Spanish R made her (Spanish Armada). Why is a passionate man like a lighted candle ?— Because he is hot-headed Why is bribery like a beehive ?—Because it contains B's. Why is pepper like pease-soup ?— Because there are P's in it. If an army were to be divided into six parts, and each of these again into seven parts, what quality would the army express?—It would be forty two'd(fortitude). Why is Windsor like a leg of mutton after the family have dined off it ?—Because it is very near Eaten (Eton). Why is a drunken man like a clock ?—Because he is un- conscious of his own movements. Why is a quaker like the grim tyrant death ?—Because he is not a respecter of persons. What part of Saturn's career reminds you of a gentleman trying on a pair of tight boots ?—The time when he endea- voured to overcome the Titans (tight un's). Why did Jupiter descend to Danae in a shower of gold?— To prove that he was one of the raining sovereigns. Why is Neptune like a man seeking the philosopher's stone?—Because he's a sea-King(seeking) what'll never be found. Which can see best, a horse without eyes, or a blind horse?—Doubtless a horse that's blind—of one eye. What spirit beheaded will name an important personage at an inn ?—Ghost— host. Why is Mr Billington's omnibus (of the Bull Inn, Pres- ton ) a certain kind of root?— It's Bull'bus (bul- bous.) Why is a horse in a stable like a tortured criminal ?— It's tied to the rack. Why is an epistle, divided into paragraphs, like a man who has just been tried ?—Because it is sentenced. Why is a calf, following a cow, like a monk ?—Becnuse he's cowled (cow led). Why is the forthcoming Preston Institution ball like a traveller in good health about to set out on a journey ?— Because it will go off well. If you throw a man out of the window what would he fall against?—Against his own inclination. Why is Avenham Walk like the days in next week ?— Because it lengthens slowly. Why is that which never fails, like a strong knot ?—It is a certainty (a certain tie ). If I buy four books for a penny, and give one of them away, why am I like a telescope ?—I make a far thing (farthing) present. Why is the railway from Parkside to Preston like a mar- riage in Scotland?—It is a North Union. What relation is your uncle's brother to you, who is not your uncle ?—Your father. Why is the intended covered market in Preston like a cannon-ball fired at the French Revolution ?—It was long since projected. Why is an avaricious person like one with a short me- mory?—He is always for getting (forgetting). Why is this page of the Pilot like a cooper's shop ?—It contains riddles and things. Why is Alderman B's belly like the street he lives in ?— They are both widened at the expense of the Corporation. Tom went out, and his dog with him; the dog went not before, behind, nor on one side of him; where then did he go?—Why, at the other side of him. Why are schoolboys' ears like mariners' compasses ?— Because they are often boxed. What smells most in a doctor's shop ?—The nose. When is the river Ribble good for the eyes ?—When it is high water (eye water). Why is a lady in a sedan-chair like the equator?—She is between the poles. Why are there three objections to a glass of spirits?— Because there are always three scruples to a dram. 