Tlie City Theatre, | "O, your desert speaks loud; and I should wrong it, To lock it in the wards of covert bosom, When it deserves, with characters of brass, A forted resilience 'gainst the tooth of time, And razare of oblivion." j SlIAKSPEAIlE. WE go somewhat out of our way to notice a letter signed "FAIR. PLAY," and pub- lished in the Herald of Wednesday last a letter which purports to be written for the purpose of noticing briefly an article that appeared in our last issue, under the head which we have again adopted on the present occasion. We are accused of hav- ing " made no allowance for the insupera- ble disadvantages under which Mr. Kemble laboured; " the thing (says the writer) was new, and, in theatrical annals, utterly with- out a parallel. Some allowance, therefore, should be made, and in common justice be extended, towards an individual who, it is evident, is a stranger among us all, and , much wanted in that department of the drama with us, which gives its preference to the buskin rather than to the sock." j Now we confess ourselves really at a loss to know what " Fair Play" means by ¡ not making allowances for the disadvan- tages under which Mr. Kemble laboured. ' Surely he laboured under no disadvantages that were not present to him at the time he ventured on the task ; and if they were insuperable, why did he attempt to com- bat them? We quite agree that *' the thing was new, and, in theatrical an- I nals, utterly without a parallel ;" but is an j absurdity to be tolerated on account of its novelty ? We repeat, we do not wish to throw a damp on any debutant for public favour, and should be happy to see Mr. Kemble in any part of which he thinks himself capable, and to report favorably of of him if he deserves it ; but, as Fair Play says, " what could induce him, for the making of his first bow to our good people of Sydney, so to confound all the charac- ters of a stock play, and recite them off in the way he did," we are at a loss to ima- gine. If no man, as Shakspeare says, can be " wise, amazed, temperate and furious, loyal and neutral in a moment," why did Mr. Kemble make the essay." " The attempt and not the deed confounds us." If it "was not possible for him to meet and pourtray every shade and variety of the human character (GHOSTS and all into the bargain) as one unassisted individual, in the same way, and with the same pleasing and happy effect, as a regular organised company of twenty disciplined actors, which the properly getting up and playing of such a tragedy indispeusibly requires why make the announcement he did ? Why call together a number of persons to witness Iiis folly-for we can call it by no other name. Fair Play says "justice should be extended towards an individual who it is evident is a stranger among us all," but it is quite evident he is no stranger to Fair Play, who after quoting from the Boston Sentinel of April, 1821 (some five and twenty years ago) wherein it was stated that " Mr. Kemble was a stranger in the western world, and a debutant for public favour in one of the most difficult and ar- duous undertakings-that of correctly de licnating several of Shakspeare's most strongly marked characters,-and in his manner of doing which, he had gone so far out-Keaning 'Kean,' that the vaunted tragedian's patent-right begun to be ques- tioned"-goes on to say that he (Fair Play) happened to know also, that in about three weeks or so after this notice in the Boston Sentinel, the same Mr. Kemble who figured on the stage of the City Theatre before us on Wednesday last was called upon clamor- ously from every part of the Boston Thea- tre to play the character of King Richard in the place of Mr. Kean, who had been previously announced in the usual bills and advertisements to play the character on that occasion-and because the call of the house was not immediately complied with (Mr. Kemble being in it,) the money was demanded back, and every shilling returned at the doors. Mr. K?an, the same night, decamping from Boston in " Astute style the obsolete Latin word the Bostonians applied to him." We do not cavil about " the obsolete Latin word," neither do we think it worth while to cavil about the authenticity of the notice in question ; but Fair Play has given no evidence of identity ; and as the Mr. Kemble who " figured on the stage at the City Theatre," on Wednesday week, is no stranger to us, we must be excused if we require further evidence to entitle him to a verdict in his favour on that issue. He may possess, as we have already stated nay, we even admit he has, some preten- sions to the stage ; but we do not admit him to have any pretensions to out-Keaning Kean, neither did we " stare at him as a new comet ;" much less shall we êxpëct to see him " achieve so great a miracle as put- ting the . dial' of the theatrical world » ten degrees forward.' " With regard to thc letter of "Fair Play," which it is quite clear was inserted in the Herald as an advertisement, No. 4166, we shall not ofter further remarks, seeing after all, that although it finds fault with our article last week, it agrees with us in the main, viz., that Mr. Kemble's zeal out- ran his discretion, and that by thc imperson- ation of one of his characters, he might have given that satisfaction which he hoped to do, but failed in the attempt. If his next or any succeeding efforts to entertain should be made " all alone, by himself, solo," we trust they will not be exercised in reciting either " h'strionically" or otherwise all the characters of a stock play, or of inflicting on his audience such a " unity of chaos*' as he did on a former occasion. In conclusion we wish him suc- cess, and trust that it " will eventually be commensurate with his merits, and most sanguine expectations." 