COLONIAL TIMES AND TASMANIAN: OPEN TO ALL-INFLUENCE)!} BY NONB. This Journal is published on the Evening of every Tuesday and Friday, and circulates extensively throughout the Australian Colonies, Indid, China, Europe, and America. It is regularly filed at tho office of Messrs Simmonds and Ward, General Agents, Barge-yard, Bucklers, bury, London, nnd at the Jerusalem Coffee House. HOBART TOWN: DECEMBER 8, 1846. By the Derwent we have received London and Provincial .papers to the 3rd August inclusive. As we have before presented to our readers British intelligence to a later date, received via India, we find nothing which would be new to them, but there are many very, interesting details which we .shall furnish without delay. We have also received, via Sydney and Launceston, the India papers to the middle of October. . We have only space now for the following important extracts from that valuable journal the Friend of India :-, ' »The Cholera has loft Kurraohee after m'jic days of devastation. It disappeared almost as suddenly as it came ; but its ravages have been moro ap- palling than we have read of in tho history of this mysterious scourge. We were led at first to sup- pose that its victims wore limited to about four hundred Europeans. We now loam that no lower than 895 Europeans, of whom 815 were fighting men, have been carried off, and that the whole 'number of casualties among the European and Nativo troops at that unfortunate station full little short of 1500. The mortality among tho oamp followers was also fearful, and of the inhabitants of the town no fewer than 7000 have perished. It is most singular that in this scene of almost universal death, only two officers should havo been carried off, which would lead to tho conclusion that mere atmospheric phenomena cannot suffi- ciently account for this disease.. ? . The following is taken from a' contemporary and is, wo presumo, pretty nearly correct :_ H.M.'s 60th Rifles.. ,. SGth Regt .. 1st Bom Eur. Fusiliers Horse Se Foot Artillery Total Europeans... 3rd Native Infantry .. 12th Ditto . Bclooch Battalion. Total Natives.. Grand Total . Officers. 0 1 1 0 Sergts 4 24 l8 4 Men. 101 329 314 19 763 310 236 49 595 50 11358 Women. 4 17 9 2 32 0 0 0 32 A great deal has been invented (intending emigrants may be assured it is in most re- spects without foundation) of the insecurity of property here. W,hnt would have been said if a horde of thieves had marched into Macquarie-st., and openly plundered (cut- ting down the cashier) any one of the banks? Read the following stateof one of thegreatest cities of the woild, called by pre-eminence" * " the city of palaces !" DARING Ronnnuv IN THE ni: ART OF THE Crrr or CALCUTTA -A most daring dacoity was com- mitted in Calcutta on Wednesday evening last. Towards eight o'clock a body of armed men, about sixteen in number, proceeded to the houso of ono of the largest nativo shroffs, or bankers, in the Burra Bazar, the Lombard-street of Calcutta, with their weapons concealed under their clothes, After a little parley, one of them attempted to touch something in the shop, when tho durwan offered resistance, and was immediately cut down. They then seized a largo chest containing money and jewellery to the value of Twenty Thousand Rupees, but mot with the most strenuous opposi- tion from tho native banker. He was a powerful man, and easily shook off the two ruffians who at- tempted to seize him. They then fell on him with their swords, but ho continued to cling to his pro- perty, in the defence of which ho received various wounds in tho back, tho shoulders and extremities ; till at length, overcome by their brutal violence, and the loss of blood, hu fell senseless on the floor. Four men are then stated to h.tvo taken up the chest and walked off with it through tho streots, with little resistance from the'Police. One peon, who attempted to arrest them, was cut down ; and another on seeing the robbers in such force, " showed thom a clean pair of hecla." Soon after leaving tho banker's house, they were lost in the obscure lanes of that part of the town ; and every attempt to trace their progress, or to identify them has proved unavailing. It is scarcely necessary to say that tho commis- sion of so atrocious a robbery within an hour of sunset, in a populous part of tho town, with such perfect impunity, reflects groat disgraco on our " reformed" police, and shows that its arrange- ments aro radically defectivo. Wo can easily imagine that a bold and well-conceived scheme of this kind might bo successful without much dis- credit lo the police authorities, but that tho robbers should have remained undetected for a whole week is fatal to their reputation forvigilanco, and proves how very imperfectly thoy arc acquainted with tho town, its haunts and its associations, and how unfit thoy aro in their present state of ignorance to próvido for the security of property. 1 Two other daring robberios have since been reported, but tho victims aro deterred by the trouble to which thoy may bo subjected, without any hope of recovering their IOJS, from coming forward. The insecurity of life and property in the metropolis as manifested by these robberies, and the manifest ¡nefliciency of the police, have made a deep impression on the nativo merchants and bankers, and it is said that thoy have united in a memorial to Government praying for more effectual arrangements for their protection. Something must be done, and that speedily, to wipe out this disgrace. Nothing would so effec- tually effect this object as the discovery of the miscreants and their being brought to justice ; and we hope the Superintendent of Police will bo enabled to vindicate his claim to public confidence by omitting no labor or expense to detect the au- thors of this deed. Surely, money would be effec- tual in giving us some traca of them. Why not offer a largo reward with a free pardon to any accomplice who will como forward and discover his companions ? ' There has been a serious split in tho Repeal Association. Mr. S. O'Brien, Mr. Dufly (one of the Inte conspiracy members) and all that section called Young Ireland, hnve withdrawn, after heated debates, from the Bepeal Association, because that the O'Connell family had insisted the Whig Ministry should ho supported until they have proved that they meant to do nothing essential for Ireland. Mr. O'Connell him- self was to be present on the 14th June, to \ see if his personal influence could not heal the wound. The division in the House of Commons on the 2nd of August, upon Lord Bentinck's amendment in opposition to Lord John Russell's Free Trade in Sugar Bill, was Ministers. 265 . Protection . 135 Majority 130 Sir Eobert Peel voted with Lord John, but spoke against him. The damage done by the hurricane in London and the environs, on the 2nd of August, is estimated at one million sterling. We copy the following from Lloyd's London, of the 3rd August : CHOLERA IN THE METROPOLIS. The Lord Mayor, in consequence of information his lordship received publicly from Sir Peter Laurie, immediately gave directions for the fol- lowing letter to bo sent to the secretary of the New Itiver Company : " Mansion House, July 30, 1846. " SIR,-I am directed by tho Right Hon. tho Lord Mayor to stnte that, as chief magistrate of ' jf this city, ho has received information that tho * cholera has made its appearance in some parts of the suburbs of London, and that it is therefore of urgent importance for tho safety of tho inhabitants that every measure which prudenco can suggest should bo adopted with tho utmost promptitude. Under these circumstances, the Lord Mayor con- siders it advisable that you should, with tho least | possible delay, submit to the board of directors of tho Now River Company tho propriety of direct- ing their engineers to let out wator during tho I night, so ns thoroughly lo flush and clear_ tho several gulleys and drains within their districts, and thereby prevont in a great mensuro those noxious exhalations in the atmosphère which aro constantly emitted from tho decayed animal and vegetable matter in the sowars, and which aro considered by the highest medical authorities tho chief cause of tho formidable diseaso above re- ferred to. " I have tho honour to bo, sir, " Your obediont servant, " S. R. GOODMAN, Chief Clork." To which his lordship recoived tho following answer : , ,> rs , . ',' !' New Itiver-office, July 30. i "¿Sir,--Your letter of this day's date, by dirco | tionjif the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, «ame just ii-, ,ho board had broken up. Be pleased, there I uro, to asnuro his lordship that I will loso no j timo in communicating his wishes in tho proper quarter, and that every attention will be paid thereto. . ' ' " I have the honour to be, sir, " Your most obedient servant, " FREDERICK. INGLIS, Clerk. " S. R. Goodman, Esq., Chief Clerk, &c.;" On Thursday, August 1, shortly before 7, his Royal Highness Prince Albert, attended by a large suite, left London by the Liver- pool Railroad for that town. The journey was effected in the short time of four hours and twenty- eight minutes, being at the rate of somewhat more than fifty miles per hour. He visited all the lions of the pluce, was feted in due form, opened the Albert Dock, and returned to Buckingham Palace on Saturday. These railroad flights cause ftjauent losses of life and limb. k/ *£ probability of Captain Dennison's o£ ^/ltment hy Sir Robert Peel of Governor of tHis colony being confirmed by Lord John Russell, is much weakened by his continuance in England so late as the month of October, five months after his appoint- ment. When the Whigs came last into office, they found Lord Heytesbury ap- pointed by their predecessors, the Tories, exactly as in Captain Dennison's case, Governor-General of India. Lord Heytes- bury had not, however, sailed, although his equipments were complete, and he had ex- pended upon them a very large sum beyond the usual Government allowance. The Whigs, without hesitation, made known to him their having appointed a Governor General in the .person of Lord Auckland, and that his (Lord Heylesbury's) appoint- ment was thereupon cancelled. " Oh !" but say the advocates of the appointment of Captain Dennison, "look! Lord John Bussell has knighted Captain Dennison !" It is certainly a strange proceeding on the part of a Whig Ministry to confer honour upon a follower of their predecessors; but it may be not very impossible a sort of com- pensating balance for the loss of a lucrative civil appointment, " Well," but says the Tory, " would Captain Dennison accept such an equivocal dignity in the place of a substantial good ?" Our worthy Tory friend forgets that Captain Dennison is a Captain in the army. An offer of any sort from the Ministry is like an invitation to dinner by a General officer, a command.1 it cannot be refused. WE inserted in our publication of Tues- day a very able communication, signed " A Colonist," on the interesting subject (to this colony in particular) of the continuance of transportation. We are in hopes it may draw attention to what seems at present to be treated with the most perfect uncoucern. Although we do not entirely agree with our correspondent in all his opinions, yet, as a whole, we find it to alford the best supply of " materials for thinking" which we have íecently met with. The suggestion for a public meeting to consider the subject, is one in which all parties must coincide. Although it is only just to the petition to say that its prayer did not include the IM- MEDIATE cessation of 'transportation, yet the fact cannot be denied that the decision of the English Government " to IMME- DIATELY cause it to cease has been the, perhaps inevitable, consequence of the vio- lent v< agitation " which the leaders of the petition party set on foot both here and in England. We consider it impossible to deny the fact asserted by our correspondent, that the total cessation of the transportation system would min the colony. But ave the people to sit looking quietly on while the English Government, no matter how sti- mulated by the petition, are destroying them, " root and branch?" We hope not. We only now call attention to a subject so pregnant with the most serious considera- tions. We have already over and over again expressed our opinion of the proba- tion system. In direct opposition to the opinions of our correspondent-indeed we find that opposition confirmed by several of his own arguments-we consider the probation system so full of evil that it is impossible to be caused to woik well. We now only fulfil the purpose of intreating the public attention to the vitally important subject : in our next number we shall pro- ceed with it. WE extract the following from the Cou- rier of Wednesday : The potato crop in Ireland having again failed, the early recurrence of this groat national cala- mity is said to be a subject of gravo anxiety, not only to ministers, but to all classos of the com- munity. The new Whig Government, it is said, received a smart shock, in an attempt to pass an Irish Arras' Rill, which was introduced by Mr. Labouchere (the Irish Secretary) on tho 10th, and somewhat hastily withdrawn by Lord John Russell himself on tho 18th August. Those who advocated free trade and liberal measures were astounded at the announcement of coercive steps by tho party which had just como into office upon a successful opposition to Sir Robert Peel's Co- ercion Bill. If this is true, of which we have no doubt, we can only say that the Whigs have justi- fied all the anticipations made of them by their opponents of every party,-they have proved that it was faction, not principle, which ousted Sir Robert Peel, and that ob- taining office by such means, and showing so soon that they did so, ' they are damned,' not like a roasted egg, as the great poet says, « on one side,' huton all sides, beyond the possibility of redemption. The charge $of being «a Whig' was before insulting enough, but now it is a term of absolute **s«fiioach. The Nation thus discourses on the uses to be made of the Irish railways: A hint on this subject may bo thought enough ; but wo seo no objection to speaking plainly ; and therefore wo give a few practical views, which may bo improved as ongineers turn their attention to tho subject:_ First, then, every railway within five milos of Dublin could in ono night bo totally cut off from thointoiior of the country. To lift a milo of rail, to lill a porch or two of any cutting or tunnel, to break down a pieoo of an embankment, seem ob- vious and easy enough. Second-The materials of railways-good ham- mered iron and wooden sleepers-need we point out, that hiioh things may be of uso in other lines than assisting locomotion. Third-Troops upon thoir march by rail might bo conveniently met with in divers placos. Hofer, with his Tyroliens, could hardly desire a deadlier ambush than tho brinks of a deep cutting upon a railway. Imagine a f«w huudrod men lying in wait upon such a spot, with masses of rook and ruiiks of trees ready to roll down-and a train r jw? Ullviln0>ng with a regiment of infantry, na tho ongino panting noaror and nearer, till tho oiished studs of brass on its front aro distinguish oto, and its ame may nearly be read; " Now, in tho name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost I-now-." But, tis a dream. No enemy will daro put us to realise these scenes. Yet, let all understand what a railway can, and what it may do. If Lord John Russell had not been com- pelled by the condensed indignation of the whole nation to have withdrawn his Coer- cion Bill, after having led his hungry Whigs to the capture of the national purse, by effecting a combination of parties to turn out Sir Robert Peel upon the very ground of opposition to thut measure, the Malton would have been right, had it gone even further in exciting its country to throw off what would have been shown to be a hateful yoke. We are most anxious for the arrival of the next ship direct from England. We cannotconceive how the ingenuity of the new organ of the Whigs, the corrupt Times, can so gloss over an attempt to coerce unhappy Ireland, which, under the circumstances, was as great a proof of weakness as it was of wickedness. The Courier says that Lord John Russell, the Premier himself, hastily withdrew the admirable illustration of Whiggery exhibited by his Irish Secretary, Mr. Labouchere. We ure quite anxious to see how he could muster courage even to touch it! What must not have been the indignation of the whole House during the short period between the 10th, when it was introduced, and the 18th, when it was withdrawn ! It will however have one good effect. It will show that the Whigs, as a party, are incorrigible! -It will show Ireland, that its members, in lending them- selves to assist its natural enemies, so well designated by O'Connell, committed what is perhaps nationally, as it is individually pardonable, a blunder ! It will show the whole world how treacherously Sir Robert Peel wns treated ; and it will be the ad- vanced indication to his being led back to office in triumph by the united voice of the whole empire. Thus propoundcth the Na- tion, from which we have before quoted : ' Peel, the future Premier, bids for Ireland. His price is tho highest-Liberal or Radical, Whig or Precursor, over ventured to demand. He offers full identification in all respects with England. The Irish franchises, representation, and muni- cipal powers, tho national religion, and tho edu- cation of the people-all to be put on a footing of equality with England. That is Peel's offer-the first instalment of a subsidy paid to the Repeal agitation. And, by the by, when the whigs havo fretted their little hour upon the stage, Pool will do all this ; for ho has tasted the blood of mono- poly, and he will hound it to the death. A fpw places secured, a few titles bestowed, a few jobs perpetrated, a general election tried and lost,'and tho Whigs will stnggcr at office to make room for the destroyer. England is calling for bim already by the non official voico of meetings, and news- papers, and London crowds-she will call for him by and by in a luss equivocal manner-in a man- ner not to bo disputed, and the doom of monopoly will be accomplished. For Ireland, all this augurs exceedingly well- better than tho wisest could havo altogether forseen, orthe hottest anticipated. Whatever the Whigs accomplish, more or less all Peel can and assuredly will do, to sweep away the monopoly of the Church, of tho Bench, of tho Jury system, of the Executive, clears our path to Repeal. Monopoly is the rampart which keeps the Irish raco asunder-which constitutes two nations on ono soil. That gone, lhere will remain but ono nation, one hope, ono interest, and heneo ono purpose in all Ireland. ONE of the arguments used by the South i Australians in aid of their refusal to sup- port a State Church is, in our view of the subject, unanswerable. It is the fashion now-a-days, in this colony at least, to hold up all considerations as subordinate to those of religion. There is a tremendous outcry for the people having a voice in the admi- nistration of their own purse; but nota word is said about their having a voice in what they nevertheless assert to lie the paramount interest, the administration of their religion. All this is usurped, and the people rejoice in the usurpation of ono man, called the Bishop. Now, say the people of South Australia, this is the very worst of contradictions. To be vociferous for the possession of proper authority over things temporal, but to be quite content to be the most abject slaves, person and purse, in things eternal. There are complaints without number, of England appointing a block to take charge of an office in which our political interests are concerned ; but of England appointing a still more un carved block to take charge of an office in which our eternal interests are concerned, is borne without a word of reproof, without remonstrance even the most humble-the rod is kissed-the wooden " successor of the Apostles "is worshipped. Butin ad dition to priestly unfitness, there is an ex- tortion practised, it is said at the instance of the Bishop, which at all events was never heard of before he came to ride rough shod over the " succession to the Apostles." In the olden time-the twenty years of the late respected Mr. Knopwood,and the more than the same amount of time of Dr. Bedford there was no such thing as " collections " in St. David's Church: the paid-by-the people salary, and other emoluments, were taken as quite sufficient. In the Dissenting frora - the - Church - of- England-Churches occasional collections are made, because that the clergymen are not burthens upon the public purses. Now, in all the churches of Bishop Nixon, every person going to offer himself humbly before his God has a plate thrust under his nose; and unless some money is put in it, he, or she, are as it were, held up to the scorn of the behold- ing congregation. The only way to put down this extortion is for the leading mem- bers of the Church of England communion, partaking of the right of the comfort of public worship at the paid-for Church of St. David's, to resolutely one and all refuse to submit to the extortion. The Bishop commenced with once a month, now it is by his orders every service. And how is the money thus levied under the penalty of being shamed, applied? Nobody knows! It is said that it is to the poor, but nobody can tell either by whom or to whom. It would be a little better if every succeeding Sunday, instead of the clergyman reading during the " collection" what are called the '* offertory sentences," he made a short detail of the disposition of the last collection, to this effect : " On Sunday last we obtained from you £-s. -d. ; during tho week it was expended on relieving the distresses of twenty-seven, or the correct number of poor persons, a list of whom may be seen in the public business room, " the vestry." Instead of this plain and straightforward way of accounting for contributions levied, wa find the persons by the individuals they call the " churchwardens" publish a sort of complex mystification, which even, such' as it is, is a most unblushing ' avowal that moneys collected solely and exclusively for the ívlief of the poor, is applied to purposes anything but accordant lo those for which they are obtained, being in real fact parson obtaining.of money under false pietences. And why aro the people of the Church of England compelled to be content with any log of a man who has, either through chamber-maid, or party, or crawling, or any other equally disreputable but equally efficacious influence, crept into what is called " Holy orders," is forced upon a congregation of Englishmen, and they be compelled to pay bim exactly the same, is he a noodle or is he a St. Paul ? How dis- gusting it is to hear some of the "dis- courses" oi some of the chaplains, The most familiar conversational speeches, de- livered of course ex-tempore, with which the text of Scripture by which they aro prefaced has nothing whatever to do, couched frequently in the veriest flash lan- guage of the gangs ! It is always redolent with plenty of " my own invaluable ser- vices"-so much so, that nine times out of ten the congregation despise, instead of so- berly and chastenedly communing either together within the recesses of the indi- vidual's hreast of what has fallen from the pastor, either laughing at his quaint drol- lery, or at his Penitentiary language in which'it is worded, or at the self-conceit which is exhibited, or at the errant non- sense with which it abounds ! Let those of the Church-Established-paid parsons, who indulge in these vices, reform them ; but above all, let the people follow the example of their countrymen at South Australia : while they demand a proper share of authority in the civil administra- tion, demand also a proper share in the religious administration. If they do not, let them for shame say no more about civil rights, if they postpone to them the consi- deration of what they scream at the top of their voices is paramount to all others religion. The following short extract from a very able article in the South australian, can be most appropriataly addressed to the British nation in general : On the whole, wo aro well inclined to venture a declaration, that the circumstance of the for- mation of " Tun SOUTH AUSTRALIAN CHURCH SOCIETY" at this precise moment is to bo regarded as providential for tho best interests, moral and social, of tho colony. Our belief is that it cannot fail to do much good ; but if it do nothing moro than prove to the members of the Church of Eng- land that they may confidently and in all time to como roly upon the voluntary principle for tho accomplishment of all their religious projects, so far as raising the necessary funds is concerned, it will have effected an inestimable good. For when once this conviction is arrived at by our Church friends, we foel assured that there is amply sufficient of honourable and kindly feeling in the breabts of the leaders and pillars of that communion, to causo them as a bo.Iy to retrace their steps in this unfortunate mattor of State and compulsory support, to give a cordial pre- ference to the unexceptionable voluntary principio over tho questionable chief-friend'*, separating principle of a Government grant, and forgetting the excitement and the conflict nnd tho unhappy estrangement of the last few »cults, to join hand and heart with their fellow-Christians of all per- suasions, to establish, if possible, by aid of our common and united claims to the right appropria- tion of our public funds, a comprehensive schomo of genera! intellectual and moral edue ition for all denominations of Christians in the colony, without any confessional distinctions or exclusions. WE find in the Chronicle, of the 2nd August, a communication ut which we sin- cerely rejoice. It appears that at a meeting of the New Zealand Company (the persons who, un'ler Mr. Gibbon Wakeiield's absurd theory, wished to establish themselves as a second edition of Leadenhnll kings), the Directors (to use the words of the article which we shall copy) resolvpd to abandon the enterprise, as it appears, having ex- pended the £600,000 they had obtained by means of Mr. Wakefield'« specious impo- sitions. Wo repeat we sincerely rejoice at this, and we hope that now the very pre- tence upon which Captain Grey committed so cruel a court-martial murder, and sent the other victims of his tyranny here as felons, is no more, that he will receive his jusi reward, the finale of Governor Wall. He has now no longer the Tories to protect him. The following is the extract from the Chronicle : NEW ZEALAND COMPANY.-Tho annual meeting of this Company was lately held, at t o'clock, at the Company's offices, Broad-street Buildings, whon the Secretary read tho 20th report of tho Directors, which complained of the refusal of tho Government to legislate upon tho affairs of tho island. " If," tho report stated, " the present session should close without tho repeal of tho Act 3 and 4 Victoria, cap. 62, so far as concerned tho present dospotic Government of New Zealand, and tho passing of an Act authorising tho Crown to grant a charter of government on the old English model, wo shall despair of good govern- ment for New Zealand." The subscribed capital of £300,000 was expended or mortgaged. A further sum of £300,000 bad been expended, which had boon paid to the Company by settlors, as the purchase money of lands, not an acre of which had yet been obtained. For this great outlay there was no property to show. On tho faith of tho promise of a loan of £100,000 from the Government, tho Company had obtained a loan from their bankers, which maintained their establishments hero and in the settlements. The Directors, thoroforo, recommended the abandon- ment of the enterprise, and that compensation should be claimed for tho losses incurred, in tho event of tho sosaion closing without such a legis- lative measure as the Directors deemed indispen- sable. THE following fact is not generally known. When the colonial law rendered landed pro- perty amenable to execution for debt, it was at first disallowed by the law officers of the crown in England, and at last only allowed upon the ground that there is no such thing as freehold estate in these colonies. It is expressly provided in Magna Charta that " no mun shall be deprived of his freehold estate, nor be fined or amerced to an extent ruinous to him." The sale of freehold estate for debt is effectually prevented by the Great Charter. Violate one of its pro- visions, you destroy it altogether. 