jrosccllamous PIRATES AND POTATOES. Most persons have heard the legendary history which describes the introduction of the cultivation of the potato into Europe. It is said that Sir Walter Raleigh, to whom large grants of for feited estates had been made in the south of Ireland, brought from South America the seeds of several new esculents, which lie planted in his garden at Myrtle Grove, a seat which had been originally the residence of the master of the college estabalished in Youghal soon after the Anglo-Norman conquest. There is abundant evidence to prove that Raleigh valued the lands which he obtained on the banks of the lilackwater, and par ticularly those near the town of Youghal, more than any other of the estates lie received. Youghal harbour, pos sessing a safe and good anchorage, easily accessible from the Atlantic, and scarcely known by name to the nations of Europe, afforded a safe depot for the plunder which the buccaneers obtained from the Spaniards, and there is no doubt now that Raleigh's connexion with the buccaneers was con tinued long after he had entered the service of Queen Elizabeth. Norhing is more remarkable in the history of the English buccaneers, many of whom were young men of good family, than the care which ttiey took to destroy every scrap of paper or memorandum which could preserve the history of their pro ceedings. Sir Walter cott describes Philip of Mortham, in the poem of Rokeby, as a desperate pirate in his early days, and a most rigid puritan in later years. Tradition narrates the same change in many of Raleigh's associates, who settled under his patronage on the banks of the lilackwater : they were most of them young adventurers from Devonshire and the vicinity of .Bristol ; and the shortness and comparative safety of the voyage from Youghal to Bristol was probably a strong recommendation of Raleigh's settlement. The ferocious practices ascribed to the buccaneers in the American seas were not abandoned when they made Youghal their European depot, the legends of the peasantry point out several spots on the sea coast where Spaniards were murdered and burned to prevent their telling tales of cruelty end robbery, or where a nro was slaughtered that his grisly ghost might defend a hidden treasure. It is said, that, when the potatoes first grew to maturity, the original cultivator tried to use the seed-apple ; but that, finding this to afford no nutriment, he ordered the root to be dug up and thrown away. When this was done, the true potatoes were discovered ; and from thenceforth they began to be regu larly cultivated. From the time of Elizabeth to the close of the war of the re volution, the valley of the Blackwater was the scene of obscure and petty warfare between the English settlers, brought over by Raleigh and the first Earl of Cork, and the native Irish. One result of these barbarous hostilities was the frequent burning of the uncut harvest ; and the great advantage derived from the culture of the potato was, that the crop could not be fired. The progress of the cultivation, however, was very slow and im perceptible. It may surprise many to learn that the esculent was long viewed with dislike by the native Irish, and that the use of it was deemed characteristic of the English settler. In the Cromwellian wars the cultivation of the potato appears to have rapidly increased. It was found that the crop was not only safe from the danger of flame, but that its difficulty of transport saved it frequently from military requisitions, and that it derived further protection from the ease and safety with which it could be preserved in pits. Indeed, pits dug in the earth are to this day the ordinary potato stores of the Irish peasantry. The revolution by which the food of an entire population was changed must have been slow and gradual. Potatoes had not become the staple esculents in the early part of the last century, for they are scarcely noticed by the satirical author of " Gillo's Feast." It was not until the operation of the penal laws began to substitute a cotter tenantry for a middle class of farmers, that potatoes, which admit of slovenly and careless cultivation, were substituted for corn, which require the appli cation of some skill and capital to yield a remunerative return. Is was because the potato could be raised, though im perfectly, under the worst possible management, that it was denominated by the Royal Agricultural Society of Ireland, " the Upas tree of Irish agriculture." The following account of the potato is extracted from Dun can's Philosophy of the Seasons. " The potato plant seems to have been first introduced into Britain by Sir Walter Raleigh, in the reign of Queen Eliza beth ; for more than a century its cultivation was exceedingly confined, owing, probably, to erroneous modes of rearing it, and to an improper mode of preparing it for food. In the reign of James the First this root was considered a great rarity, and sold so dear as two shillings per pound ; and, even so late as the beginning of last ceutury it seems not to have entered into the lists of agricultural produce. Bradely, who wrote about the year 1720, and who treated expressly of new improvements in horticulture, says of potatoes : ' They are of less note than horseradish, scorzonera, beets, and skerrit ; but, as they are not without their admirers, I will not pass them by in silence.' " The district of England where the potato was first gene rally cultivated seems to have Lancashire ; and about the same time it was introduced to general use in Scotland. In 1923 a day-laborer, .of Prentice, living near Rilsyth, in Stir lingshire, successfully raised a crop of potatoes on a little plot of ground attached to his cottage, and was fortunate enough to call the attention of his neighbours to the value of this hitherto neglected vegetable. By the annual sale of his produce he soon realised what was to him a fortune, the sum of £200 : and, meanwhile, the public attention being called to the plant, it gradually made its way. It is not, however, till after the year 1743\. which was remarkable as a season of scarcity, that it be came to be generally cultivated as a regular branch of field hnsbandry. I very well remember a near relative of mine mentioning an anecdote which showed that so late as the year 1755 or 1756, the potato was still a rarity in Wigtonshire. This incident was that a lady had brought some potatoes in her pocket to church on Sunday, to present to a friend as some thing quite new ; but, the string of her pocket breaking as she was in the act of going out on the dismissal of the congregation she lost her bundle in the passage, which created considerable speculation. In England, with the exception of Lancashire, the progress of this esculent into general cultivation was still slower. It was known in Yorkshire only as a garden plant down to 1760; and, in Somersetshire, we must date its intro duction as an article of farm produce at least ten years later. After this period, however, the value of the potato came to be very generally appreciated ; and in the year 1796, in the county of Essex alone, no fewer than 1,700 acres were planted with this root for the supply ef the London market. Potatoes seem to have found their way into the Continent of Europe at a con siderably later period than into England ; but they came rapidly into common use, and we may date their general cultivation there from about the middle of the last century. 