RELIGIOUS MEMORIALS. no, iii. In our last we entered at some length into the consideration of the nature of that veneration which the Church of Rome pr<f esses to pay to religious memorials, and narlicuiarly to the image of the cross ; we also shewed that the veneration which the Church of Rome practi cally pays to images and memorials is a very different, thing from what an unitisiructed person should expect from her doctrinal professions, being, in fact, scarcely distinguishable from the veneration which she pays to God himself; that, in short, while she pretends to condemn the doctrine of Thomas Aquinas, she has instructed her children to worship the dead man himself, and to pray that they may understand what he laught and follow what he practised, which they in effect do, by offering the worship of hfria (lb at is, supreme tvorship) to the image of the cross, as we clearly proved by examples from their books of devotion. Having shewn the idolatrous tendency of ibis secondary sort of veneration, which the Church of Rome professes to pay to religious memo rials, we might very well dismiss the subject. But as the charge of idolatry is very serious, and one from which' our Romish friends gene rally recoil with extreme indignation, we pro- posetj enter somewhat farther into the matter, and examine some of those arguments by which Shis doctrine is sought to be justified. The Romish bishops who sate at the second Council of Nice, from which we quoted in our last article, taxed their ingenuity to the utmost to raise up such a defence of the doctrine of Image- Worship as should for ever effectually put to ilence the cavils of its opponents. But how unequal those ancient divines were to the task, will appear from a simple mention of some of the passages of Holy Scripture which tbey adduced in support of the doctrine. For ex ample, they press into the service such texts as these " Let me see thy countenence, let me hear thy voice." « As we have heard, so have we seen,. « Thy face will I seek." It is diffi cult to conceive what relation such passages as hese bear to the doctrine of Image- Worship, and we shall not attempt to lessen the difficulty ; but lest any one should say, these were theolo' gians of the dark ages, and that the church is now better informed, we extract the following from "The Abridgement of Christian Doc trine, ' revised by no less a champion than the late celebrated Dr. Doyk : — ,. " Qcest. How do you prove it lawful to adorn the churches with tapestry, pictures, and the like > Ans. Out of St. Mark xiv. 15- where Christ com- mended his last supper Jp be prepared in a great chamber, adorned." b Willi fespect to such proofs as these, we can tilrrriinirtfiTTnnTr,r"TrnjTT'"Ttjrj — - — — only say, that they are who content with them arc marvellous easy of faith, and cannot hesitate to swallow ar.y doctrinal monstrosity, however hideous, provided it come recommended by the authority of the church. It would be an insult to the understanding of our readers to dwell on such miserable apologies for arguments. Cardinal Bellannine, who is by far the most learned and acute of all the defenders of Popery, aud from whose works more recent champions have chiefly borrowed their weapons, enters very elaborately into the Scriptural testimonies in favor of Image-worship. He attempts to defend I it from the instances of the cherubim, and the I brazen serpent . With regard to the first of these, it is a mere assumption to say that they were images , in the proper sense of that term, without however, insisting on the name, there is no warrant in Scripture for supposing that any worship or veneration of any kind whatever was paid to them, and yet this must be shewn before they can be fairly brought as arguments in favor of the veneration of religions memorials. But so far from the cherubim affording any ar- gumerit.of this kind, it is plain that they could not have been intended for the veneration of the people, nor even to assist their devotions, for they were never even seen by them, but were placed in the Holy of Holies, into which none entered but the High Priest, " once every year/' And with regard to the brazen serpent , though Bellarmine relies much upon it, as it was made by express command of God, it sanctions the veneration of religions memorials no more than the cherubim ; for it was not an image, but a type; nor is there the slightest evidence to shew that, at the time of its erection by Moses, the people were commanded to worship it. Hence Bellarmine is guilty of sophistry when he attempts to argue — "If it were lawful to venerate the image of Chrftt in the form of a serpent , why shall not the imae of Christ in the form of a man be rather vene rated ?s' The answer to this queslion is ex tremely simple. The figure was no i in the mass of metal, but in the healing : the serpent was a type of the Atonement, not an image of Christ. 1 he assuption that it was lawful to to venerate the serpent is entirely gratuitous, no evidence of such lawfulness being producible; on ihe contrary, we know that, afterwards, when the children of Israel actually did venerate it by burning incense to it, (just as the church of Rome venerates her memorials,) the good king Hezekiah, who "did that which was right in the sight ofthe Lord," broke in pieces this very serpent, and said it was a mere piece of brass. Now when a Christian country is polluted by the erection of images of wood, brass, and stone, of various forms, to which the subjects of a Christian Queen are taught to bum incense, we cannot but think it would in like manner be right in the sight of the Lord to break in pieces these images and cleanse the land from idols. . The only other Scriptura largument which we deem it necessary to notice, is that derived from Ieb. xi. 21. This passage, iu the Romish Eng lish. version, is translated thus " By faith Jacob dying blessed each of the sons of Joseph, end adored the top of his rod.1 To this the following- note is appended ; — " The apostle here follows the ancient Greek Bible of the 70 interpreters, (which translates in this manner Gen. 47, 31,) and silages this fact of Jacob, in paying a relative honor and veneration to the top of the rod, or sceptre of Joseph, as to a figure of Christ's sceptre and kingdom, as an in stance and argument of his faith. Bui some trans lators, who are no friends to this relative honor, have corrupted the text, by translating it, he " wor shipped, leaning upon the top of his staff;" as if the circumstance of leaning upon his staff were any argument of Jacob's faith, or worthy of being thus particularly taken notice of by the Iioly Ghost,"' v" The above passage of Scripture thus trans- Iated, and thus interpreted, is a favourite text of Rom'sh controversialists, not only because it appears to sanction this relative veneration of religious memorials, but because it appears to lend some color to the charge of corrupt trans lation, which the Church of Rome is very fond preferring against the authorised verson. We shall therefore devote the remainder of this article to an examination of the passage, and the Romish interpretation of it. The passage, Gen. 47, 31, is as follows : — ft And Israel bowed himself upou the bed's head.' The Hebrew word translated " bed" may also he translated "rod' or "staff," which latter translation is adopted by the Greek version of the Seventy, from which, as being in a language more gene rally understood iu the Apostles' time than the original Hebrew, the Apostles most commonly quoted. Whether the English reading of Gen. 47,31, or that of the Septuagint, be the best, is not, however, the question now at issue; but rather, whether the translation of the Apostles ' words in the authorised version, or in that of the Romanists, be the more accurate. Our translation reads thus : — " By faith Jacob, when he was a- dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; aud worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff." The Romish commentators say that we have corrupted the passage by inserting the word leaning ; but the fact, that this word is printed in italics, shews that it was only inserted to com plete the sense— -a most candid and judicious method, frequently rendered necessary by the very concise phraseology of the original lan guages. In the Romish versions words are fre quently inserted in this way, without the dis tinction of italics, For instance, in the very passage before alluded to; Gen. 47, 31, the Vul gate or Latin Translation, which the Church of Rome holds in such great estimation, as to yield to it lite same authority as she yields to the originals, inserts a word not in the original— "Israel bowed himself, turning towards the beds' head." We do not quarrel with the lo ser lion of this word, as it doubtless expresses the meaning of the original, though k is not distinguished in any way from the rest of the passage ; but we do say, that to charge us with corrupting the text because we have inserted the word " leaning,'' evinces a great want of can dour, and we may be pardoned if we add, a desire to prejudice the uninformed of the Romish community against the authorised version. The truth is, that in neither case is the text cor rupted, the words being inserted merely to com plete the meaning, which could not be fully rendered by a naked translation of the words of the original. But if the charge of corruption against us be nugatory, that which we have to tnake| against them cannot, we apprehend, bs so easily dismissed, If we have inserted a word, we have marked it as an insertion ; but they have omitted altogether a most important word, without the slightest intimation of such omission. The Remisb version takes no notice whatever of the preposition epi, which we trans late upon. It sometimes also means towards, but this would make no difference. Now, it may safely be left to the judgement of any man of common sense, unbiassed by theologi cal prejudices, whether the words "worshipped (or adored) upon the top of his staft'' (or rod) do not plainly signify, that Jacob worshipped God, leaning upon the top of his staff ; and whether the version which makes the staff an object of adoration be not plainly corrupt and absurd. But leaving criticism, let us for a moment attend to the very curious argument for Image-worship which the Romish annotalors, assuming their version to be correct, attempt to draw from the passage. They say, that the Apostle alleges this fact of Jacob paying a rela tive veneration to the top of Joseph's rod or sceptre, as to a figure of Christ's kingdom, as an instance and argument of his faith. Bat, wo ask, in what way did they ascertain this ? How is it shewn that the Apostle speaks of Joseph's sceptre at all, and not of Jacob's own staff? Even if Jacob did pay a relative honor to this supposed sceptre, how is it proved that .this was not act of civil reverence, such as we pay to tire Queen's throne, which partakes, in no sense, of religious adoration ? And, above all, by what illumination was it discovered that Jacob regarded Joseph's sceptre as a type of Christ's kingdom ? Now, even admitting the Romish version to be as correct as it really is corrupt, all these questions must be satisfac torily answered, before the text, by any strain ing, can be quoted in defence of the relative veneration of religious memorials. No doubt, Dr. Milner would end all controversy by rejecting our criticism aud reasoning as that of private individuals — he would consider it would be sufficient to reply, <:The Church does not so understand the passage."' But this method, though convenient, will hardly be considered conclusive by men of education and common sense in the nineteenth century, however it might have succeeded in those gloomy centuries when Rome reigned paramount over a degraded world, and when it was held as a maxim not to be disputed, that ignorance was the mother of devotion. Dr. Milner would have it the mother of faith also. But the annotalors farther insinuate, that the circumstance of leaning upon his staff was no argument of Jacob's faith, and was not worthy of being noticed by the Holy Ghost. We main tain an opinion directly the reverse of this The sceptre of Joseph is no where spoken of in the Scripture, for " the sceptre ' of right be longed to Judahi but those who are conversant with the historical parts of the Old Testament will recollect that the epistle to the Hebrews is not the only place in Scripture where Jacob's staff is mentioned. When he returned to his native laud after his sojourn with Laban, bring ing with him his wives and children-, and the vast increase of herds that God had given him, he used these memorable words, ia acknow ledging the mercies of God With my staff I came over this Jordan, and -now I am become two bands.' Can any one doubt that Jacob had preserved this staff, with which such in teresting associations were connected ? Can any one doubt that he carefully treasured it, not in deed as an object of superstitious veneration, but as a memorial of the mercy of God ? Can it be doubted, that whenever the aged saint took his staff into his htnd, the whole history of his wanderings, and toils, and wrestlings, and triumphs, was brought vividly to his remem brance ; and caused his heart to overflow with gratitude to Him in whom he had believed ? And when we .behold the father of the twelve tribes, Hie snows of a century and a-hali cover ing his drooping head, and his limbs scarce able' to support him; — when we behold him closing the last sceue of his mortal existence, by a mcst soietnn act of benediction in the name of the Angel who had redeemed him from ail evil, shall it be said, that his leaning upon that staff, which had been his constant companion, the dumb witness of the very deliverances of which he was triumphantly speaking, Was no instance of his faith ? Nay, but rather the con trary. It was truly an evidence of faith in the fulfilment of those promises which he saw afar off, while it was a practical confession that he was a stranger and a pilgrim in the earth. His descendants were subsequently commanded to eat the Paschal lamb with their loins girded, their shoes on their feet, and their staff in their hand, in order that their hasty and extraordinary de liverance froiro the land of Egypt might the more forcibly be brought to their recollection. If then the fulfilment of God's commaudment in thus eating the Passover might justly be called an evidence of faith in the Israelites, surely we cannot withold aWmilar tribute to their progenitor, vrho, amid the sinkings of nature worshipped God, leaning upon the top of his staff. This was an evidence of faith in finitely more striking and beautiful than any re lative veneration paid to an imaginary sceptre ; it was an evidence of that genuine faith, which is not the blind assent to dogmas utterly opposed to the distates of sound reasoning, but which is the substance of things hoped for, the evi dence of things not seen—of that faitff in which the saints of the Old Testament died, and through which they obtained a good report. 