Local Intelligence. Shooting a Cow. — On Tuesday, Mr. McEachren, of Keilor, appeared before the police bench to answer the charge of one Thomas Monahan, for maliciously shooting a cow. The cow it appeared had been in the habit of straying upon McEachren 's property, and Monahan avowed that he had threatened to shoot it some few days before the animal was discovered within a hun- dred yards of McEachren's house, dead, with its thigh bone broken, and protruding through the skin. Their Worships severely animadverted upon the conduct of Monahan, in preferring a charge of so serious a nature against a respectable man, without a single tittle of evidence to sup- port it. Mr. C. D. C, Brodie said, that in justice to the accused he felt bound to state, there were two respectable witnesses outside the court, who were prepared to swear as to the manner in which the animal had received the injury which caused her death, namely, by being gored by another beast. The case was dismissed, Mr. McEachren being exonerated from the slightest imputation upon his character. Attempted Suicide by a Maniac. — The wife of a man named William Fulton, an engineer's pattern maker, who has for the last few weeks exhibited symptoms of insanity, has within the last few days made two attempts upon her life by cutting Iter throat with a table knife. Fortunately both attempts were frustrated by her female attendant, and on Tuesday application was made to the magistrates by the husband to place her to gaol, prior to her transmission to Sydney, in the event of no abatement of her unfortunate malady. Two medical gentlemen. Drs. Black and O'Mullane, were requested to report upon the condition of the unfortunate sufferer. The Queen's Birth Day. — The anniversary of her Majesty's birth-day was only productive of three public instances of "excess" of loyalty, whose libations in honor of the "youth- ful queen, were visited by her Majesty's repre sentative with an additional levy of five shillings each. Cultivated Land. — By the returns uf the Commissioners for the vnrious districts, wo find that in the district of Portland Boy, there are three thousand one hundred and ainu acres of lantl utuler cultivation. In the diitrict of Western Port, there ate two thousand four hun dred uod eleven ttcies. In the Murray district t'mre are thirteen hundred untl forty acres. In tho County uf Grunt twelve humlred an I thirty-nine acres. In the County of liuurke, eizht hundred tint! sixty- six ttcres, and t„ Gipps Land, three hundred ant twelve acres. The itumiier of acres iu cultivation compared with the population arc for Gipps Land, uhout one-third of on ucre to each person. For Puriluud llay, as nearly as possible till acre to each. Fur tho County of liourke, one seventh of un acre to each. Fur Western Port, two. thirds of un acre to each, und in the Murray District ubuut the saute proportion exists. Racing Extiiaohdikary. — AVe find the Herald occupies u mortul column in Iris last publication to cram one more fib down the throats of the public— he could os cosily hove done it in a few ii c-s — be is not wont to be so lengthy in ucccinplishiH such n feHt. It is scircety nccewnry- to repeat, the whole of tho paragraph alluded to lias not, to use n pet pliroso of tbe Hemltl, u ghost of n line'1 ol truth iu it uoiii beginning to cud. SINGULAR APPLICATION.— On Tues day an application of a somewhat singular nature which was still more singularly granted by the magistrates, was made by a person named McEachren, to have a man named Monahan bound over to keep the peace. No threats had been made personally, but Monahan had been heard to say that " McEachren was a hot headed fellow, but he would make a cold one of him be fore the winter." After much deliberation it was determined, that this expression implied on inten- tion to do the plaintiff some grievous bodily injury, and the defendant was bound over to keep the peace for three months, himself in twenty pounds and two sureties of ten pounds each. Law. — Want of space compels the postponement of our law reports, to the ensuing publication. NEW ARRIVALS.— By a Van Diemen's Land contemporary, we perceive, amongst the list of passengers per Mona, from the Cape, the name of C. H. Ebden, Esq. Scabby Sheep. — About a fortnight ago a person representing himself to be a butcher purchased about 600 sheep for slaughter, from a settler in the Mount Macedon District. The sheep were known by the contracting parties to be badly scabbed. Can this be true ? — By the census returns for the District of Western Port, it ap pears there is not a female in the place whose age exceeds forty-five. We recollect hearing of a collec tor at home who had goao the same round for upwards of five and twenty yc-nra, nnd who each succeeding year remuiked n similar singularly feu- ture in ihu fumale census. 