SPQftTtttG tUTELLtfrEHCE. ADELAIDE RACES. Fiest Day— Tbursbav, Jan. l. WEDNE6BAY had been very hot, but a thunderstorm in the evening accompanied by a little rain, cleared the air, and Thursday promised to be a beautiful day. Towards noon, however, tbe wind rose, and soj-dfter it became very dusty. The company was less numer ous from this circumstance than it might otherwise have been ; there was a great number of horsemen, but verv few vehicles, and not man v ladies. The Eranii stand was far from being full, but the Bellevue and some others were crowded. So far from wondering at so few ladies being present, we were only surprised to see any, for a more dirty, dusty, miserable day there has hardly been in South Australia ; it was something like that on which the New Port was opened. Grandmamma says ' Tbe weather was de lightful.' From that and tome two or three other little things in her report, we think it must have been written beforehand. His Excellency arrived at a little after one. His reception was the most chilling thing in the world. Hats were raised in profound silence, but there was not so much as the ghost of a cheer. It must hate been something like the reception of the Emperor of Russia at Hyde Park and at Ascot. The authority to which we have referred says be was ' loudly cheered.' It is silly for a man to go out of his way to make a mis-statement, it can do no good, and is sure to be contradicted — which emphasises a fact he wishes to conceal. As his Excellency left, two or three of tbe police endeavoured lo get up a cheer, but they did not succeed. Almost immediately after his Excellency's arrival the horses were placed for The Maiden Stakes. — Two guineas entrance, with thirty guineas added. For maiden horses dropped. in tbe colony. Once round and a distance — the second horse to save his stake. The winner to pay five guineas to the Fund. Mr. Malcolm** c. f. Minna ? 1 Mr. Claike-s b. g. Young Jack ? 2 Mr. Hutcliintuii'i b. c. Bread and Milk ? 8 Mr. Harriott's c. g. The Thhlie ? ... 4 Mr Slmdx'i «v n IV ill Wnlch ._ ? 5 The start was excellent, but Minna immediately ran away from the lot and won easily. The Town Plate. — Five guineas entrance, with fifty guineas added. For horses of every denomina tion. Heats, 2 miles. The winner to pay five gui neas to the Fund. Mr. Malcolm1* b. g. Gift (Mr. Hallack) ? 1 1 Mr. Shayle's br. m. Matilda (Mr. C. Fisher) ? 4 s Mr. John Junict'i. I), g. CEdt/fs (Owner) ? diet. Mr. Colitis's b. g. Ricnzi (Sims) ? S 2 Mr. Robinson's b. g. Gimcrack (Mills) ? 2 dr. In the first heat Gift took the start two lengths, hut in passing the winning post was held in, still keeping the lead with the others close upon him. When about half round. (Edivus, who was running fourth, swerved from the whip, and went inside the post. He turned and tried hard to save his distance, but could not succeed. The Gift came in easily without whip or spur. In (he second heat only Gift, Itienzi, and the mare started, Gimcrack saving himself, we presume for the Ladies Purse. Gift again jumped off with the lead, which he kept throughout, although llienzi made strong play to head him. The mare was ad mirably ridden, but could not do much, and Gift again won easily. The Hack Stakes. — For untrained horses. Two guineas entrance with fifteen guineas added. Heals, once round and a distance. Catch weights. Post entrance. The winner to pay two guineas to tbe Fund. Mr. Lamb's g. g. Bolhcrem ? 1 3 1 Mr. Mefcalfc's g. m. Gulnorc ... 2 1 2 Mr. Robinson's b. g. Cobbler ... 3 2 0 The following also started : — Mr. Butt's b. g. Little Peter Mr. Foimby's b. g. Tulip Me Powell's blk. g. Blacklock In the first heat Bolherem won easy, Gulnarc was a good second, the rest nowhere. In the second, Gulnarc won hard with whip and spur, Cobbler close upon her quarter, with Bothcrem u good third. The third heat was ihe best race of the day. Strong play between Botherem and Gulnare, the former winning hard by haif-a-neck, the rest nowhere. Second Dav — Friday, Jan. 2. His Excellency arrived at one o'clock precise!)1, and the horses were immediately placed for The Produce Stakes.— Three guineas entrance with thirty guineas added, for horses dropped in die colony. Heats, once round. Weights Ihe same as for the Maiden Stakes. Mares and geldings allowed Sibs. The second horse lo save his stake. The winner to pay five guineas to the Fund. Mr. Mftlcolm's cli. f. Brenda (A. Payne) ? 1 2 4 Mr. Morphetl's gr. g. Albert (J. Jumes) ? 3 11 Mr. I'. Maurice's ch. ni. The Kitten (J. Fuller) ... 3 4 2 Mr. Clarke's b. g. Young Jack (Suns) ... ... ? 4 3 3 Mr. Hutchincuti's b. g. Bread and Milk ? 5 B ' First heul.— A good race — Brtndq. winning liy some lengths. Second heat,;— Bmitfa jumped off with the lead, hard pressed by Yotng Jack, wbo was shook off at first hurdlr. The race then was between After* anil the filly, the foriher eventually winning by several lengths. Third heat.— Won by balf-a-neck— a pretty race. 1£gS Ladies' Purse. — Five guineas entrance, wilh lorty guineas added. For borses of every de nomination. Heats, once round and a distance. Weights the same as for the Town Plate. The win ner of of the the Town Plate to carry lOlbs. extra. Mares aud geldings allowed 3lbs. The winner to pay five guineas to the Fund. Mr. Hallack's b, g. Gift (Owner) ... ? 1 1 Mr. RobiiiBon'g b. g. Oimcmck (Mills) ? 2 2 Mr. Clarke's b. g. CEdipue (J. James) ? S 0 Tbe first heat was a good race. Gimcrack jumped away with the lead, and was not headed until the run home, when Gift challenged and pushed him, win ning the race by halfa-neck, (Edipus cut a poor figure ; he was nowhere. In the second heat, Gimtrack led again for the first half-mile, when Gift headed him by a length throughout, finally winning the race easy. The Hurdle Race — Three guineas, entrance, with twenty-five guineas added. Heats, once round over four Uur(ileB, four feet high, in each heat. Gen tlemen riders. Weight, list. 7lbs. The winner to pay three guineas to the Fund. Capt. Allen'i blk. id. Betty (Mr. Pilcber) ? 3 3 Mr. Emery'i blk. m. Btack Moll (Mr. J. James) ? 0 0 Mr. DeLiileV cli. g. The Cob (Ownci) ? 2 2 Mr. Adam Young's br. h. Tenter (Mr. Hunter) ? 0 0 Mr. Frederick Jonert gr. g. Muetapha (Mr. Hancock) ... 1 1 In the first heat Betty led over the first hnrdle.fol iotved by Mustapha and the Cob. At the second, lea ser, Betty, and the Cob well over — the others refus ed, but on a second attempt, landed safe. Teazer first over (he third, followed by Mustapha and the Cob, Mustapha now took the lead, jumping the fourlh hurdle beatifully, and winning by many lengths. Black Moll did not get over the hurdles. In tbe second heat Betty led over the first hurdle, going quilely ; Mustapha and the Cob lying close to her. Mustapha now challenged her, and led over the next two hurdles, but the fourlh be hit and threw his rider, wlin was ninnntpil airain in an instant, and wofl handsomely. The Cub wan second, and Betty who also fell, was third. Match for Twenty Pounds, (as was under stood. - Mr Damson's g. g. — — ? 1 j Mr. Malcolm's g. m. Antelope ? 2 j The mare look the lead for the first half mile, but was then headed, and beat easily — a poor race. The Beaten Stakes. — Two Guineas entrance, with Fifteen Guineas added — for all the horses beat en during the meeting. Weights and distance to be settled Ity the Stewards. Mr. Price Maurice's cli. m. The Kitten (Fuller) ... 1 1 Mr. Stein's br. m. Matilda (Simons) ? 2 2 Mr. Jamb's far. h. Teazer ? ? 3 3 The first heat was won easily by The Kitten, Ma tilda disappointing every one. The second was won easily. The weather was almost as unfavourable as on the former day. Tiie Grand Stand was graced by the presence of very few ladies, but it was pretty full of the lovers of the turf towards the afternoon. Third Day— Saturday, January 3. The weather to day was somewhat more favoura ble than on those proceeding, but the company was very small. His Excellency was not present. The same Stewards acted as before, and Mr. Stein was Judge. The Innkeepers' Plate. — Three guineas en - trance, wild forty pounds added.— For horses of all denominations. Weights same as Town Plate. Win ner of Town Plate and Ladies' Purse to carry lOlbs. extra. Heats once round and a distance. Mr. Malcolm's b. g. Gift (Mr. IlalUck) ? 1 1 Mr. Metcalfe's g. b. Prizefighter (Rogeie) ... 2 2 Mr. W\ G. Lambert, jun.'s b. g. Pirate ? .33 Mr. Treble1* c. g. Kildare ? 4 0 In the first heat, the start was good, the horses got well away together, and all held their own for the first qaarler-of-a-miU, Prizefighter leading with Kil dare upon his quarter — Gift a good third. Half-way round they were collared by Gift, who continued to mend his pace to the turn, when Prizefighter bol ted, Kildare was shaken off, and after tbe* turn the boy brought Prizefighter merrily up to tbe ring The straight running then lay between Prizefighter and Gift, the former having slipped Iris saddle. The race was a good one home, Gift having hard work at the distance, and only winning by a head. Great credit was due to the boy Rogers for his riding.but ns much discredit to the man who saddled. The second heat was a sporting race, the borses all together. Won easy by a length — Pirate about two lengths behind. Done in 3 min. 23 sec. The Gaixoway Stakes. — One guinea entrance wilh twenty pounds added. For horses of and under fourteen hands high. Mile beats. Catch weights, Mr. Malcolm's g. -n. Antelope ? ... I ? I Air. Cou(t'» b. m. Ttnmg Queen ? 2 2 Mr. John Day, jun.*« 1-. g. True Blue ... 3 3 Mr. Harriott's Young Gulliver ? 4 it. In the first heat Antelope took the lead throughout and won easy by several lengths. In the second he again led, a little pressed by Young Queen, who was soon a length behind. Ante Zo/h: continued to better her position, and came in several lengths ahead. True Slue was a very poor third. TIMOR STAKES. UcllfireJack ? 1 2 1 Double Handsome ? 2 12 Cream ? 3 3 S Two others started, but bolted. This race created a great deal of excitement from the well-known qualities of the nags. Many notes were lost and won on tbe occasion. In tbe first heat Hell/ire Jack went off with the lead, and was never bended, evincing both speed and pluck. Tbe rider's jockeyship was unparalleled, and iiis costume both neat and elegant. Double Hand some ran a good second, and many of the racing wen took hint freely for the second beat. In that Hellfire Jack pressed him closely, nnd made a dead heat of it. Cream running third. Tbe third terminated in farour of Double Hand some, although two fresh nags were seen to collar him at the disance post; but the speed was too kill ing for them, and they immediately tailed off. The fourlh was a fancy piece of riding, as no one started them, and all ran inside a post, which caused another heat for the decision of the race. The fifth and last, much to the surprise of every one, was won after a severe punishment by JJellfire Jack, Double Handsome running a good second-. Cream unfortunate broke his leg and was killed. VVe think it but fair to state that the rider of Hellfire Jack presented his unsuccessful rival wilh a one pound note. The racing dinner at the Club-house Hotel was well attended, and the third day's stakes were handed over. The settling for the two first days was at the same place on Monday ; the bets had been rather ; heavy, and much money changed hands, It is gra tifying to be able to say, that not one defaulter was mentioned, i A match was made for Fifty Pounds aside, be tween Mr. Clarke's Young Jack and Mr. Shayle's Albert; two mile heats, produce weights, to come off Dn Thursday the 15th, between the hours of one and two, p.m. Judge — Mr. Joseph Johnson, or in his absence, Mr. Charles Fisher. Also, for to-morrow, a Match between Mr. Clarke's Young Jack and Mr. Price Maurice's The Kitten, for £50 a side; heats, once round and a distance ; weights and riders -is in Produce. Several others were talked of, but we iieard of none being made. Mr. Malcolm's Gift, it will be seen by an advertisement, challenges the colony for £100. Mr. Robinson offered to accept G rimer ach for one mile, which the other party de clined. We did not, we find, make ourselresclesrly under stood, about the ownership of Minna, Brenda, and the Gift. The two first belong to Mr. John Baker, and were entered in the name of William Malcolm, bis training groom. The last, as also Antelope, be longs to Mr. Alexander Malcolm, of the ' Black Hull,' Hindley-slreet. These two Malcolms are in no way connected with each other. Tbe Match, on Friday, we did not see, and the i account of it supplied to us by a gentleman who wns present, we are sorry to find was incorrect. It should have been as follows : — Timour Stakks — Sweepstakes, Ten Shillings en trance, and Two Pounds added; mile and a-half heats, six entries. \ Mr. Malcolm's g. m. Antelope ? — ! Mr. Dawson's g. m. Creeping Jane ? — j Antelope took the lead for a mile and a quarter, ; when Creeping Jane crossed her, and ran her inside ' the post — on account of Antelope not turning round which it was a drawn thing. We should mention to the credit of Mr. Malcolm, that the stewards handed over the stakes to him, but very honourably returned Air. Dawfon his £10. We believe the mares arc likely to run again. j The whole of the races this year have gone off niili the utmost spirit, but we very much regret to have to notice some mat -practices referred to in a letter from a sporting friend which we subjoin. We have to thank him for his spirited description of a part of (he j races, and may observe, that accounts on which we could rely, taken on different parts of the course, would always bo acceptable both to us and to our readers. — S. A. Register. 