Local Intelligence. COMMITTAL. Yesterday, a man named T. Plowright was received in Mel. bourne Gaol, (having arrived per Barbara) upon a warrant of Committal for felony, issued by the Police Bench, at Gipps Land. M usical. — By the Raveri, now hourly expected friuii Launceston, we may expect the nrrivnl of Mr. Megsou, who re turns to Melbourne for the purpose of ful filling an engagement entered into with Mr. Smith, as " first fidtllu" uf the band. Gipps Land Publicans. — At the late annual licensing day, the following parties were granted licences by the Licensing Justices at Gipps Laod: — Messrs. Robert Fitchett, Alex ander Eraser, William Hawten, Hugh Baatinc, and John M'Nuugbton. Accident'.— On Monday afternoon, nn accident, which might have proved of n serious qature, occurred to n gentleman at the top of Grent Collins-street, in the imme diate vicinity of tho Mechanics' Institution. Whilst riding nt n rnte linrdly to bo warranted hy the slippery state of tho road, particu larly in this neighbourhood, the horse cams down on "all fours," pitching the rider to n considerable distance, furtunntely without in flicting nny seriuus injury. The " Raven." — A vessel of this nntne, intended ns a regulnr trnder between this port nnd Launceston, tnny be hourly expected. She is named, we presume, nfter her spirited owner, Jnntes Itaven, E«q., of Launceston, n gentleman already extensively engaged in tho colonial trade, almost to a monopoly between the two ports. She is commanded on her maiden trip by Cnptnin William Bell, late of the Swan, nnd hns, we undersinud from private sources, been fitted up, regardless of expense, in n style calcu lated to ensure the accommodation of passengers. Court of Requests. — The May sittings of the Court of Requests com menced on Monday morning, nt nine o'clock, and will lie resumed this morning, nt the same hour. Thirty-nine cnscs were dis posed of by the Commissioner, the mnjority of them being undefended, or arranged out uf court. Town Improvements. — At the meet ing of the Town Council, on Saturday next, Mr. Laing, the Town Surveyor, will exhibit a plan far the improvement of Elizabeth- street, from " Townend's corner" to n line parallel with the Catholic Chap'el. This is one of those public works most needed, while its effective repair will bo productive of considerable economy. As a innin street tir track, its completion is necessary ns a guide for the level of the brunch streets. The economy will be " the stitch in time" which in this mnttcr will not bo far froni" saving nine." Tho expenditure consequent upon these improvements will he about twelve hundred pounds. Tub Cattle Yards, — We beg again to call the attention of the council to the insecure and real ly dangerous condition of these yards. It is a positive fraud upon the public, to levy n revenue for tho use(!) of n few rotten old mils. It appears that no thing will be done in. the matter until some unlucky wight's brains are knotked nut. Why does not some member move llint the Report uf the Committee, appointed long ngo to enquire into the condition of lit" Mnrket Yards, be brought forward. Bacchanalians. — Monday was n dull day at the police office. At n lew minutes past ten, liis Worship the Mayor might be seen wending his wny from the police office, his 'uccu. potion" like Othello's being '.'gone"nfter remnnding one man, and fining three others — William Perry, Edward Snerling, and Julin Wilson, in the sum of five shillings respectively, lor a slight " faux pas," committed on the previous night, in the shape of intemperance. Publicans' Licenses. — In reference to enquiries upon this head, we find, on referring to tne Publicans Act, that by tlie 27th section, the magistrates are fine empowered to grant licenses to unfinished bouses, nor are we aware nl any having been grante I to such at the late licensing sessions, other thnn upon the express, conditions' that the premises shall be oompleted by the 1st July next, ut which period the licenses will come into operation. Pleasant Quarters. — During the sittings of the Court of Requests yesterday, Mr Hurry, who usuully occupies a scut immediately under the sky light, was compelled to shift bis quarters, the c ostant showers which utsatletloot only the learned commissioner, but his books and papers, proving beyond a doubt the sbickery condition of the building. It is indeed miserably adapted for the purpose to which it is applied, it being almost impossible, from the peculiar for tnntion of the building to bear a single word which passes, unless spoken io a stentorian voice. Price of an Oath. — An irascible Indian Major, who figured yesterday as a plain tiff in the Court ol Hequests, having commenced (wearing before be waa requested to do ao, re ceived from the commissioner several cautions to avoid the use of suoh powerful expressions. This salutary caution, however, being neglected, the Major as be warmed in the causu in which be was interested, persisting in udding force to his statement, by giving utterance to expressions not strictly in accordance with the rules of court, a fine of five shillings was imposed upon liim bv Mr Barry. About ten minutes after wards, the Major had got half through another oath, when probably tlie ghost of his departed crown presenting itself to his mind, lie suddenly checked himself, much to the amusement of all j present. Pit Falls. — We cannot too fre quently camion the public, but particularly our country friends, agoiDst the numerous pit Gils which exist in Bourke and other streets through out town ; were we but to chronicle one-half the accidents that occur to parties who attempt to traverse our publio thoroughfares after nightfall, we should have little else to do than record a lengthy ' chapter of accidents." On Saturday night lust, n. female with n child in her arms slipped from the narrow pathway fronting the Mechanics' Institution, und put her ankle out of joint, and were it not for timely assistance, would have been unable to reach her home. The child was considerably bruised. Yesterday morning we wero pulled up by one, who afterwards turned out to be an acquaintance, but whose physiognomy at the time of our meeting, closely resembled beet, root with the skin off. On n closer inspection we gained a glimmering of bis identity, and Itnrned that on the previous evening, while walking down Bourke street, he tumbled into "udruin"ola much less agreeable character than, if lelt to him self, lie would have selected ; bis facial gnomcn came in contact with the opposite hank, but For tune, who never semis her hitters without her sweets, wisely ordained thill if the blow was hard the mud was soft, for which the sufferer felt grateful. Others may not be so fortunate, and hence we warn thetn to beware of Melbourne " drains." The Town Police. — Thompson Bredy, one of the town police, has tendered his resignation; the upproaching winter and the small, ness of the remuneration, only half-a-crown a day, appear to have produced a very general desire on the part of the force to turn their attention to less arduous and more lucrative pursuits, particularly us the present chief constable manifests a fixtd aversion to countenance paltry informations, in stituted not for the public good, but merely for tho purpose of putting money, in (he shape ol the moiety of a fine, in the pockets of the ioforirers. Constant complaints ore reaching us .from the more respectuhle residents in New Town of one- turnal depredulions in that quarter, which, horn its unprotected state, offers an enticing field for several recent arrivals from Von Diemeu's Land, who have taken up their quarters there. We hope to see an augmentation to the number of the (own pulice. or some increase in the pay ol those already employed, us an inducement to them to be more upon the alert. The approachiog winter and (be unprotected state of roaoy of tbe pre mise. in town, containing proptrtv readily dis posable, render this subject worthy the serious consideration of tbe authorities. The Schoolmaster Abroad. — The following brilliant specimen of orthography, etymology, syntax, and prosody, &c.;, was addressed to one of our Town Councillors, by an applicant for a berth in the prospec tive Botanic Garden:— "Sir, I take the libberty of writeing to you hope- ing I shall not intrude upon your time as time is important to me, is the preasent oppertunety to reveal to you my preasent circomstances does not give me satesfaction, as I have not sufficient prac- tise, and my wages is little my Profession is & Gardener I have been with Mr — 2 years and I consider I have had sufficient of experiences, of this country, as respects the season's and the general Treatment of Fruit — Trees,. and flower's and I concider my self worthy of & place in the Botanical Garden Melbourne which I feel indebted to you as & friend, as I am sorry to relate my connection is very good at home, but as I have not received no answer. I feel indebted to you as the only one I can depend if you could enterest yourself in getting me in above mentioned plase, if you could I shall consider it & debt I think I never shall be able to pay I have been under the most competant Masters in England to conclude this I feel indebted to you for & answer. "1 Am Truly, &c;," Law Intelligence. — There will bo an argument this morning, upno a Judge's sum- - mans in tbe matter ol Abrahams v. Caret/ and others; on application to take the present plea off the files, and plead denovo. Criminal Sessions — The venire for the criminal Sessions for the present month has been issued for the 14th instant. Regina v. Straciian. — On Friday next, on argument will be beard before his Honor ' the Resident Judge, in flrgina v. Strachan, to set aside tbe inquisition ond scire / acids in this case. Mortality of the Colonies.— We . have a Return, of the highest importance to the Australian colonies, on this subject, being n portion of a paper lately read before the Statis tical Society of London, by Assistant-Surgeon Balfour;— Annual mortality per 1000 in New South Wules, 14.1 ; Cope of Good Hope, 15. 1 ; Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, 18 ; Malta, 18 7; Cnnndas, 20; Gibraltar, 22.1; Ionian Islands, 28.3 ; Mauritius, 30-5; Bermuda, 32.3 ; St. Helens, 35; Tennsserim Provinces, 50; Madras Presidency, 52 ; Bombay ditto, 55 ; Ceylon, 57.2; Bengal Presidency, 63 ; Windward nnd Leeward command, 85 ; Jamaica, 143; Bahamas, 200 ; Sierra Leone, 483. — Cor it wail Chronicle. The Quarter Sessions. — It was highly amusing to observe the proceedings nt yes terday's Quarter Session. His Honor tbe Resi dent Judge Bat, osnn act of courtesy, ns chairman, and appeared to wish himself snug in his own roam, away from the anomalous mixture on his right nod left, wbocamc there to decide upon points of law, in delivering which he was the mero mouth- piece. His Warship tbe .Mayor hod also tuken his sent upon the Bench in the case of the Stnnwuy's, end was to he seen conversing with, the membera, although his nume was joined in thn notice of uppeal. Mr Williams very properly pointed out the impropriety ol such a course - of proceeding, and cited a late decision by the Judges of England, that a mugistraic should not only no! : vote in a cuio of appeal in which he was joined, but that he could not sit upon the Bench, other wise the proceedings would be quashed upon certiorari. The Mayor attempted to ward off tbe thrust, hy remarking that lie did not look upon tbe proceedings ns on eppeot, buz merely nn investigation whether a recognizance had bBen properly estreated The slightest hint, to any ' man of refined feeling, would have caused bim to have immediately retired from the Beach, instead ol which, tbe Mayor resolutely maintained bis ' position, und even accompanied the Bench into . his Honor's room to consult npun the case. In the next case our friend the M, ent, and be actually descended Irom the. Beach—-, yes !— the Major actually descended from tho Bench! We shall have hopes of bim ofter this--.. In that ense the conviction was confirmed in ' about.iwo minutes, wbicli consigned a brace of hired servants 10 the gool for three months ; in the , Stanway's case, however, which was equally clear the other way. tlicy retired for one hour aud forty minutes (!) as it impugned the legal knowledge end magisterial correctness on the part of one of their body. The most obtuse intellect could -not fail Iremurkina this difference in coming to n de cision, mid many shrugged their sliuulders and pondered upon wlrnt it could mean. Horse Stealing.— A man named Edward Preston was, on Monday, remanded till this morning, on su-picion"of being implicated in steuling Mr Hawdon's horse, reported in a pre vious publication. This ' crime, we regret to - Itarn, is fearfully on tho increase in tbe interior, the high pi ices obtainable for stock doubtless" acting as a powerful incentive. - Save me from my Friends— The daughter of the late Sir Abraham Bradley Kiog, who was twice Lord -Mayor of Dublin, and Grand Master ol the Orange Lodge, and who in his capacity of Lord Mayor entertained George IV when he visited Ireland in 1821, has been com pelled, as the wiiloiv of a naval officer, to apply to the Royal Naval Benevolent Society for as-: sistaui-G. Her memorial wus rejected at .the last court of tbe society, on the gruund that a lady so connected should not be left by her friends to seek assistance from strangers. — Dublin paper. La Trobe Ward. — An open court for the revision of the electoral list for La Troba ward will be held ut the Council Chamber, in the Mechanics' Institution, on the 11th in stant. New Brewery. — Mr. P. Mervin,. of Collins-street, lias purchased those premises in Little Flinders-street, known as the " bird in Hand" public house, ami the brewery attached, thereto. The price was £625 : the original coal, of the property amounted to £2455. Mr Mervin has some idea of commencing brewer on his own account, and promises to produce a beverage, brewed upon the same principle, nod equal in quality to, Guinness's celebrated XX. The Ser vices of a competent party, lately in tho employ- ment of Messrs Guinness and Co., are at Mr " Alervin'a disposal. The " Vesta," Steamer. — This vessel will, on Saturday next, be laid np for. repuirs, tbe completion of which will occupy about three weeks ; ufter which alio will be ngsin laid on fur the Geelong and Melbourne trade, and certainly contiuue therein for tho next twelve months, even though lull-a dmen " new steamera" should arrive to compete wnh her,. Sugar Loaf Creek. — A very dan gerous crossing place on the Sugar Loal Creek Sydney Road, is about being remedied by Govern ment erecting a very superior nod spacious bridge across tbe cretk ; plans ure now lying at thn office of 1 he Inspector ol Bridges, and tenders have been invited in the Government Gazette. A bridge on tins line of road lias long been a desideratum, much property, and several lives having been losl in fording the spot at which the bridge is to be erected. Shipwreck.— Tho Martha front Syd ney, New South Wales, was wrecked in Mossnl liny, on the 30th August ; tho crew and pas. serfgers were saved.— Timer, 24th Nov. 1845. Rum"Uued Shipwreck. — A report was prevalent yesterday alieruoon, that so loo vessel had been wrecked at the Heads, end as a | iKieftMoms loses any tiling by being oft told, it w«s ut lengih credited by some that tbe vassal alluded In was the .ffi-yo/ Gcc ge, The fact is, no wreck at all ha« happily occurred, tbe only circumstance to wbirb we can trace the report being the arrival of the 1-oiry Quetu, at Captain Cole's Wharf, with a portion of the wreck of -tbe barge Taiuian, und her subsequent departure to the Bay lor u return cargo. 