THE GREAT APOSTACY 4 ! OR, THE CHURCH OF ROME PROVED j \- NOT THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, j But the Greatest Enemy to Christ, to His Doc'j- trine, and to His Religion. | an answer to cgbbll's history of th & reformation The foregoing is, partly, the title of a' work, which has been put into our hands for publication, the arguments it contains, derived from a divine ori gin, being so conclusively condemnatory of Popery and Priestcraft, that we cannot hut express our heartfelt thanks for the favor conferred by indulg ing us with the loan. With this brief introduc: tion, we beg to lay before our Protestant readers the first essay from this publication, pledging our selves to reprint, from week to week, a continuation of this clever expose of that idolatrous Church whose fallacies and blasphemies have secured io the Enemy of Mankind many victims, j 1\. You begin this most true, genuine, and authentic History by informing your friends that" we. have seen! a rescript from the king to the bishops, the object of which was to cause them to call upon their clergy to cause collections of money to be made in the sever&l; parishes' throughout England, for the purpose of pro moting what is called the ' religious education' of the people " Religious education , patronized by the king, the bishops, and the clergy,, and strongly recommended to the attention and support of wealthy people in all the parishes in England, is not a great evil ; nor is it vej-y alarming to any, unless to the chureh which has the happiness and honour to find in you an advocate so worthy ofitself.« a 1 his htst note may serve to snow that 1 intend not to spare Popery; I ain incapable of compromising any- thing, small or great, in this matter : I am a Christian, and I love Christ ; but Popery is Antichrist— theije- fore I am Anti-Popery. j It seems that neither Cobbett nor Papists like the So ciety for promoting Christian Knowledge. This lis natural enough ; for Popery knows, by past experience, thai evange'ical truth is a weapon of such heavenly tem per and keen edge, that its heresies and superstitions cannot stand before it. In the hand of Luther, by the power of the Spirit, it cut through the scaly coat of the " man of sin," aud pierced his heart of pride, even as he sat upon the Papal throne. Without a figure: it was ihe preaching of the doctrine of justification by faith alone, which is the essence of evangelical truth, that checked,and had nearly destroyed, the Popish Heresy at the Reformation ;and If it Lad continued to be preached in ils puiity, to this day, in this kingdom, there would not have been a Papist to be seen from Dan to Beer- sheba, in this land of our spiritual Israel. I thank God that this great doct'ine is again declared from so many pulpits thioughout England, and that Popery is feeling he power of this sword of the Lord, for there is none like it. It is the glory of this heavenly doctrine, that it is as efficacious to bind -up the poor sinner's broken ueart, as 11 is 10 pun aown tue strongnoius ot Popish heresy. As the defence and maintenance of the principles of the'Reformntion are the objects at'which I aim in this little work (for Cobbett's book is only a pin on which to hang my proofs), I shall not apologise to any Protest ant for the introduction of the following truly Protestant passage. It is taken from the:preface of the works of of the Rev. Walter Cradock, whose works I earnestly recommend to every Christian who deii.es to be estab lished iu his most holy faith. " Of all points, none oanbe of equal moment to this, — How shall I come before the Lord? in my own righ teousness, or in that of another ? as one that has some claim to mercy, or as one that is without the shadow of a'cluim ?— It is the hinge upon which our present and everlasting happiness turns; it is the point tl.a s -par- ales the Christian religion from all others in th: w >r!d: .it is that which, when known in the heart, by the teaching of the Holy Spirit, gives peace and res; to the soul, and produces all the fruits of obedience in the heart and.life." Of the Church ot England, and all the reformed churches, this is the jewel and the glory; all our early reformers preached little else; hence, under the blessing of the Holy Ghost, the marvellous success of rlieir labours; and we may well esteem it, with Luther, the articulus cadentis aut stantis Ecclesiee — i.e., A Church falls or flourishes as this truth is clearly preached or obscured; or as Calvin, in his book against the Interim jays, " Let tire Papists but yield up to us this safe and entire, and we will not think the rest worth contending for." One great difficulty our refotmers were pressed with was this:— If this point be so essential, how came the fathers of the three first centuries to be so darkly ac quainted with it ? Among other answers at hand are these:— The eurliestauibentiu lathers, Clement and Ignatius, triumph in it. In thuselthateame after, philosophy and human reasoning had clouded this fair polar star; hence, aftdr the most vigorous lives, some of them died in doubt an|d distrust, and fled to the prayers of others after their deaths, and to the wretched device of purgatorial fires; being sensibje they had, to the last, sin.dweliing in them, and yet not being cleaily enough acquainted with this truth, "that as sinners they might take Christ ireeiy." : Others, both in those times and many centuries alter, ar.d in our times likewise, in their Just conflicts, renoun ced every other hope, and rested on Chris' alone, how ever they might have mingled other hopes in their lives. St. Paul wanis us, that in Am day the mystery of in iquity had begun to work ; and we may not wonder, theiefore, that it soon showed itself openly. In his day the c!iu:ches of Galalia had swerved from this grand truth, and began to mix somewhat else with Christ, in the point of a sinner's acceptance. His epistles to those churches is an unanswerable defence of it ; teaching us that (his is the very life and: soul of ail comfort and of all obed'.ence ; not only needful to be taught at first setting out, and for.a while, but always|and incessantly ; for he thus argues '—That as the Holy Ghost was at first received by this preaching, so by the same was his holyianoiniiug preserved in the churches and to. indi viduals (Gal. iii. 2 ) ; for that as| they received Christ Jesus the Lord, just so should they walk in him.— Col. ii 6. " Irf then, s» very soon this truth was attacked and obscured, that even uuder the eagle eye of Ptttl's jea lous care there wautedrnot enemies to its purity and simplicity, have we not abundant cause to be fearful for it now— ministers for their flocks, and individuals for themselves? II .Paul, fearless as he. was, trembled for this jewel of his Master's crown, is it not possible that among'even high professors now, it may be effaced and injured— despoiled of its simplicity, or burie4. aud for gotten amidst controversies couceruing. other less . mo. men tous points. ; Let 11s well remember, these are not questions of spe culative; inquiry. Have I peace w ith God ? and| on what is that peace built ? and how am 1 to maintain it ? Hovy. am I, .especially,. to slapd, in the last struggle jof expiring life, and ol an opening eternity ? Lei us ask: ourselves, are we settled; in these things, or hailing in doubt about them? Is .even a question yet with its,. whether we ate at peace with God or not ? Are we even hesitating whether; Jhis;peace js.tq b.e built partly on' Christ, partly on ourselves"; in part on grace, and in part on our' own works? If we are yet in doabt, :it;is, doublless, of. infinite, moment -that we should be resolved, and deserves all our care.; but if our hcarta 1"' |1 mill! m |, ILL. are rooted and built up in Him, who is the only foun dation for a sinner's hope, let us give him all the/praise, and let the study of onr hearts be, how most we may honour and exalt Him in all we think, undertake, and do. 2\. "We shall further on have an opportunity of ask ing," &c.; I will meet you "further on." But you complain that " the Society for promoting Christian Knowledge is continually putting forth publications, the object of which is to make tbe people of England believe that the Catholic religion is idolatrous and damn able." How can you, or your.ciients, the Papists/rea sonably complain on this head ? Their church denoun ces as jieretic_s ail who depart from her communion, and unsparingly deals out damnation to them. She teaches her children to consider us poor heretics as in a damu- abiestate, and holds out to us no hope of salvation, if we die out of her pale; nor wiil she grant us even Christian burial ;6 nay further, she will even dig up the bones of heretics from the peaceful graves wherein their friends have laid them, and burn, them in tbe sight of the.suu.e The. proud and implacable monster that com mands and sauctions these things is the Church of Rome. This same Church, I say, and can prove, per mits and encourages idolatry d Now, how can you have the face to complain that any society is zealously labouring to counteract the effects of such a false reli gion as this— especially when the Papists th.-mselves are hard at work, spreading their principles and making proselytes? You proceed to say, " These calumuiators know well that this same Catholic religion was, for nine hundred years, the only Christian religion known to our forefathers." None but the most ignorant, or the most impudent of mankind. could have, written such words as these. This is the way in which you impose upon the understandinss of your, readers— you utter falsehood with the confidence which belongs only to truth, and thus the minds of your ignorant readers are abused and poisoned by many of your productions. You must know, or you are not .very/fit to- write on this subject, that the Christian religion was introduced into Britain in the first century. The British Churches flourished independently of the Church of Rome until the end of the sixth century, when Austin, the monk, first introduced net the Christian religion but ?Ae re.igion of the Church of Rome, which was at that time a cor ruption of the true religion.e From that corrupt church they continued distinct until tbe reign of Henry I., ii not until that of Edward I. Tbe pub icans, who were an unoffending Christian people, were condemned, ex communicated, branded in the forehead, and suffered to perish on English ground, in 1166, by the Christian., persecuting Church of Rome; and the Lollards protes ted against the corruptions and errors of the same Church, at the risk of their property, liberty, and lives. 6This is strikingly proved by the case of Mrs. Temple (the Narcissa of Young), who died in 1740, on the Con- tinent, at Nice, and who, because she was a Protestant, was denied Christian burial. The circumstances is feelingly land beautifully resented by the poet, in the Complaint, Night the Third, as follows : "For, oh! the curst ungodliness of zeal 1 While sinful flash relented, spirit nurs'd In blind infallibility's embrace. The sainted spirit, petrify'd the breast ; Denffd the charity of dust to spread O'er dust ! a charity their dogs enjoy. What could I do? what succour? what resource ? With pious sacrilege, a grave I stole ; With impious piety, that grave I wrong'J ; Short in iny duty ! coward in my grief ! More like her murderer, iban friend, I crept, With soft-suspended step; and muffled deep In midnight dairkness, whisper'd my last sigh. I whisper'd what should eclio through the realms ; Nor writ her name, whose tomb shall pierce ibe skies. Presumptuous fear ! how durst I dread her foes.' While Nature's loudest dictates I obey'd ? Pardon necessity, blessed shade 1 Of grief And indignation rival bursts I pour'd; Half-execratiou mingled with my prayer; Kindled at man, while 1 his God ador'd ; Sore grudged the savage land her sacred dust; Stamp'd the curs'd soil ; and with humanity (Deny'd Narcissa) wish'd them all a grave." e " The body of Wickliff was at his death, deposited in his church, at Lutterworth, where it remained un disturbed for many years ; but, in 1415. the Council oi Constance ordered his bones to be dug' up and thrown na dunghill. This sentence was not executed till 1428, when orders were sent by the Pope to remove his bones; they were accordingly taken out of the grave, where they had lain forty-four years, and burnt, and the ashes cast into a brook adjoining, called the Swift. —A mean insfance of revenge, which did him no harm, aud only served to show, in the strongest colours, the iavtter&te;, though impotent malice of his enemies."— Biographia Britannica, Article Wickliff". d Let the reader observe, I do not say that every Papisi is an idolater; nor do I say that any Papist is an idolator. God Almighty, who searcheth all h -arts, only knows whether they are idolatrous in his s glit. 1 assert that the apostate Church of Rome permits and encourages idolatry ; and, certainly, it is not the fault, of that church, if every Papist is not an idolator. I speak not now of the making of images, and bowing down to them; hereafter I shall speak on that point; but at present I speak of idolatry ' in a more general sense. If worshipping lor God anything or creature which is not God; if praying lor protection to crea tures, if addressing petitions to the souls of departed men and women ; if direct calling upon angels for help; if confessing sins to saints departed, and a sociatin them in praises with the blessed God ; if these things con-dtuie idolatry, then is the apostate Church of Roine guilty of idolatry. Take the following as proofs and examples of her idolatrous worship. The Confiteor. " I confess to Almighty God, to blessed Mary ever Virgin, to blessed Michael the Archangel, to blessed John, the Baptist, to the holy Apostles Peter and Paul, and to all the Saints, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, through my fault, through my fault, through my most grievous fault. Therefore 1 beseech blessed Mary ever Virgin, the blessed Michael the Archange', blessed John the Baptist, the holy Apostles Peter and Paul, and all the Saints to pray to the Lord our God for me." A Prayer to Saint Appoliina. " O Saint Appollonta, by thy passion obtain for us the remission of all sins, which with teeth and mouth we have committed through gluttony and speech; thai we may be delivered from pain and gnashing of teeth here and hereafter, and loving cleanness of heart, by the ;'race of our lips, we may have the king of angels our friend." — A pud Boltdndum de St. Appolloni ad Feb. 9, P. 282. Depot ons to Saint Claudius ' O thou comforter of the desolate, deliverer of cap tives, resurrection of the dead, light of the blind, hear ing of the deaf, speech of the dumb, tutor of the ship wrecked, healer of the impotent and languishing, the refuge of medicine, the way of the erring, and the sal vation of all tliat hope in thee ; Oi St. .Claude, the bountiful confessor of Christ, pray to God for us." &c.;, Sep ,—Horce sec usum. Romanum. 6 die Junii. Paris 1570. Hymn of Praise to Saint Venantius; Brave warrior, of courage true, Who to thy tortures athirst Mad'st water from a rock to burst, Water our souls with grace's dew, &c.; A Piayerto Saint Raphael the Archangel. " I entreat thee also, do thou assist me, 0 excellent Prince Raphael, thou best physician of soul and body, and thou didst. presently enlighten the bodily eyes ot Tobias by curing them ; do thou also enlighten my spiritual and carnal eyes, and do not cease by thy hea venly prayer, to cut off all the darkness of my soul and body."— Her. sec. usum sarum,fo 92. A Prayer to Saint Michael the Archangel, " O Michael the Archangel, qliief officer of Paradise, come to the help of God's people, and be pleased to defend us from the power oi the enemy, and brinjj us with thee into the society of the Lord."— Alia Hor. sic. us. Rom. A Hymn upon St Lewis, Bishop of Tholouse : it con. eludes thus,— To God that's three, and yet but one ; pive.ali the praises that are fit;: To Lewis let the same be done, Through age that are infinite." — -Ldition 1543 of Brev. Rem. Antiq. 19 Aug. If these few specimens do not prove that the Apos tate Chnrch of Rome is idolatrous in her worship, I can produce hundredsinbre. What Christian can read the last example without just indignation ? Hath not Je hovah said, " I am the Lord: thai is my name: and my glory will I not give to another," lsa. 42. 8.; and again, ' Thou shalt worship the Loid thy God, a,nd him only shall thou serve," Matt. 4, 10.; and again, There isoae God. and one mediator between God' and men. thei : man Christ Jesus." 1 Tim. 2, 5. Now, Popery ought to stand abashed and confounded before such declarations of Holy Scripture as the above; but she bas a brazen forehead, and she refus'es to be ashamed. To be continued. 