" I pay the highest respect to the Royal prerogative, bat at, the same time loohitiy.it full in -the face, I must lie allowed to observe that tbo essence of the. prerogative is the public good." — "II. Lamuton, Member for North Durham, A very few hours, and the year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six will havo passed awav with tho years before tho Hood, and bo no more known than as a pe riod of record, " , Moralists ahd religionists wisely tell us, to reflect upon the past, in order that we may be tho better able to prepare for the future. Let us do so, reader, for it is by reflection only that tho living man has a right to assume a charactor above the living brute. It is your province to do so in the privacy of your' homes, it is ours to give our thoughts publicity, and to present to public view a brief record of those events which influence the well-being of others, in their moral, social, and political position. The past year has been full of important occurrences, as respects the history and welfare of that nation to which we have the honor and happiness to belong. Before we look to local events, which may affect us more immediately, let us therefore go back to the land of our forefathers, and to the efforts there made for the preservation of peace, to the wars in which she has been involved, and was on the ovo of commencing, and also to tho triumph of a more liberal commercial policy, one likely to ensure a sufficiency of labour, and a supply of cheaper food for the people. Lot us- first talco the most questionable acts of those who govern us, and then fall back upon events which will bear a closer scrutiny, as respects the national character, and the purity of those Christian, principles, of which we hear so much, and.see so little. X The British arms in' India have again been crowned with glorious success" in other words, another nation of unbelievers have been compelled to fly before the Bri tish bayonet ; cities, towns, villages innu merable, have been fired, levelled with the dust, utterly destroyed, thousands of heart broken widows, helpless orphans, aged men and women, have been left foodless, house less, to mourn, and die ; — masses -of caval-' ry, artillery, and infantry, have again swept rapidly over the fields of the conquered; over the dead, and the dying: and all for what ? To prevent the people of India.from rising in united strength against a pouter acquired by falsehood, treachery, and shame less wholesale murders,— a power now only maintained by deeds of a similar character, deeds as disgraceful as they arq deplored by every man whose hetVrt feels as a human heart should feel toward the whole human race, without regard to peculiar nation, creed, or colour. , - - / . , , . " The British arms have been again triumphant ;in India " We wish tho gal lant men whoTought, and fell there, had fallen in a, better cause ; not in a fight for national subjugation, but in the cause of freedom, in an attempt to raise and. elevate- mankind, rather than in its ruin and des- . truction. Second to India, come the events in New Zealand. Here s< another practical evi dence of a desire to make might , right, an other attempt at carrying out with success, a wretched, -an ti- British, crooked policy, where expediency takes t he place of justice, and British and native blood ismade to to flow, in support of ill-begotten poiyer. In this distant quarter of the world, it. would be useless protesting against the conduct of the British Government toward the unfor tunate people, but wero wo nearer to .the British press, we would not lose an- instant in agitating tlie public consideration of the degradation heaped upon every one of us, by the treatment sustained by the plunder ed, grossly imposed upon, and ill treated New Zealandors." In reflecting on tho events in India, in- New Zealand, and on the manner in which tho British nation has permitted tho Tahi- tians to be subjugated bv Franco, upon the same principles, of illegitimate power, with out interfering' (even by war if necessary) in such a case, — we onco.more exclaim, in tho language of Jefferson, when speaking in the American Senate. House on the slave- trade, " I tremble for my country when I rejlect that God is just, and that his ven geance will not sleep for ever." Now, let us turn from war and anarchy, from blood and oppression, to those more substantial benofits, by which the wise and tho good seek to cherish and promote, for Individuals and nations, substantial pros perity and' happiness. First; the loil disputed question relative to the Oregon territory has-beerr decided by : a fair division of that portion of the Ame rican Continent, destined tobecome (from its local position, with reference to China and tho Eastern Seas,- and with what we call central continental America) a separate Statey having its origin in British enter prise, for we look through time up to when America herself was peopled by our com mon forefathers. Tho important source of bitter heart burning being thus dried up by the, peace ful boundary treaty, there cannot bo for years to come any other serious question in dispute-between the two nations. The slave- trade of the States will settle itself, either by the force of those great principles which cannot be much longer withstood, or by a general rising of tlie slaves themselves throughout the southern provinces ; with which fight for liberty wo trust tho British Government will in no way interfere, unless forced into the contest on the side of the oppressed millions who live and die in bon dage. On the continent of Europe all- now ap pears quiet, except in the priest-ridden countries of Portugal and Spain, where the people continue in subjection to the gross est impositions 011 their common sense. The recent marriage of tjie youthful Queen of Spain with a son of the King of the French will, however, tend to a settlementof differ ences which might ultimately have involved all Europe in an unwise and unnecessary struggle. This union with the royal family of France will also go, far to keep down the overbearing power of the priesthood, a power which, when exercised in politics, has proved the greatest curse to which mankind has been subjected since the ' days of Adam. Peter .the Hermit, - with hordes of other sanctified and unsanctified robbers, and ruf fians of the same class, Crusaders, Knight Templars, Knights of the Ploly , Ghost, as they wero profanely called, under the ?ban- ners of the cross, in former days, laid waste whole countries in pursuit of plunder and Christian honor, and tho masses of the people willingly paid the expenses of such expeditions. So it continues to the present hour in the unhappy countries to which we allude, where tho court, the army, and the priesthood tako all, leaving tho wretched, impoverished pcoplenotliing'but their skins to die in. .. We next come, in our brief review of European matters, to the great and impor tant changes in the ' commercial policy of England, changes which a very few years back were considered as improbable, as they were believed to bo impossible, by tho great majority of tlio h'ation. That great, im possibility has,, however, been rendered pos sible, by the union of the people in support of Just and proper principles. When edvi-..1 cation opened- up -the mind's eye of the.na- ' tiori to a sense of its.pWeqahddegitimate rights/ when it became evident that moral, not physical strength was required to force tlie bugbearopposition off the line of march, very little, remained to be done, but to per severe onward. Forward, was the cry, and when its sounds first began to rise above the cries of the wounded protectionists, for- i tunately for the cause, there were men close 1 at hand able and willing to direct the move- in en t. The triumph was complete, for it was that of the interests of the many over the few, the cause of right" over might, of the claims of millions of people to a por tion of the 'produce of the earth which they have been commanded to cultivate, and which in times of peril they are called upon to defend. The year 1 846 will therefore for ages be celebrated for this great and suc cessful contest, between the few and tho many,. ..War separates mankind ; trade, commerce, scientific intercourse, brings and binds them together in the bonds of peace and universal harmony. In connection with this year, will be handed down to posterity the names ;of Cobden, Bright, and the lead ers of the League generally, who havo achieved a triumph unparalleled over the landocracy and churchocracy.and over deep- seated prejudices, supposed to be immova ble The grea source of church property, the tithes, the wretched money dealings for church preferments, are all doomed never to rise again. They are condemned to tho tomb of all the capulets, there to remain until the lawn-sleevo dealers in hocus poke- ries can once again succeed in mesmerizing the senses of the people into a belief that the great Creator of the'universe made man merely to be offered up at their pleasure, as a, sacrifice to mammon. And when will that be ? Never. Tho last, although it may bo not the least important event, we notice, is tlie birth, during the year, of another child, a princess, to tho Royal Family of England _ , Wo now pass 011 to tho Colony in which our. present destiny is cast. The history of the year 1846 in Van Dietnen's Land, commences with Sir Eard- ley Wilmot, at the head of the Government, having become a mere instrument for carry- iug out the- policy of the late Comptroller General, Mr. Forster, whoso clique and in fluence were fast hastening 011 the Colony to irretrievable destruction, and His Excel lency himself to ruin. Through the secret black ball spy system, the latter was indu ced to consider every man not honored ('? ) by Their patronage, as outside the pale of his consideration. On his arrival here, spys, sycophants, toadies, jackals without num ber, were set about his person, whilst tho great lion of the convict menagerie put 011 an air of prompt submission, of placid obe dience, and thus very soon persuaded him within his toils. He had succeeded in for cing him into a fatal collision with the Le gislative Council, and a belief that he might safely attempt to hoax tho British Govern ment by despatches, imperfecton those points upon which a vicious system rested, and about which it had desired, to bp .fully in formed. All this ho did, and then I10 died. He was succeeded as Comptroller Gene ral by Mr. Champ, but a short time since an -Ensign in the 6'3d regiment-, whose years and ex peri on ce gave him 110 pretensions to a seat in a deliberative assembly, or to the control of the destinies of thousands of men of every age arid character. With a newly appointed Council of absurdities, the hap less Lieutenant Governor proceeded on his way as if entranced. . By his total disregard of promises, he had made those his active opponents as a Governor, who deplored his condition as a man. He had raised aery for help from tlie multitude, which one word »of kind, of just consideratian for their wants and wishes would have suppressed ; but 110, ho had been taught by the sycophants about him to" believe that all opposition to his power ough.t to be visited by his resent ment, and thus in sacrificing:, others, he ul timately sacrificed himself. In reviewing the public acts of Sir Eard- ley Wilmot, as we are compelled to do in connection with tlie events of the past year, it.is our duty to allude. .to tho enactments he laid npen the Council table, and, by the aid of his nonentity advisers, passed into laws. Nearly every one of them, if not all, are contradictory to his former professions in the British Parliament, and iiere, they are monstrous attempts to keep down that love of rational freedom in this Colony, .which he has said he would be proud and glad to encourage. Had lie been true to himself, lie would have spurned from his presence the mail who would have dared to place before him such abortions, who would thus have ventured to compromise his honor and public character. Had he been true to himself, he would long since have found other employ for the Colonial Secretary, who at a glance he must have seen, did not possess the qualifications necessary for such an office. It required no discernment, to perceive, that surrounded with financial and other difficulties, it required strength of mind, and firmness of purpose, blended with a true sense of what was just and proper, to bring him successfully onward with his Government, and yet he hoajced himself in to the belief that it would; all end well, be cause, as he thought, the press, and tho: people of this Colony, had no power. ; We admit it was a trying position for any. Go vernor to be placed in, but we repeat, that had he been true to himself, it is one in which he never would have been so placed. It is the fashion to say, that ho litis been scandalously treated, . and as respects tlie con vict branch of ''his government it might, have been so, but witli rogard'to his government of the./ree, to his attempts to furee the estimates, ; in opposition to the . wishes of tlie unpaid-mem-' !bers of Council, his1 total noglect of the treet roads, and bridges;' and of the interests pf 'the I free working-classes, who have been driven out ! of the Colony to make way for coii viet labour, ! what can he said in his defence ? It is our duty, on this ocension, as public .Journalists, to place, on record pur opinion, that his abrupt dismissal was " a great moral lesson " read to nil other, and future Governors, who may he induced to make themselves ready instruments . for the carrying out of principles unworthy, ! and objectionable, which only tend lo their own dishonor, and the- injury of those over whom they have been appointed to govern. Our renders are aware, that Sir Eardley Wilmot was succeeded by a Mr. Latrobe, who . was sent from Port Phillip to this C'ulpny ns " Administrator" of tlie Government, until the arrival of Sir T. E. Dettnison. Mr. Lntrobe arrived amongst us will) a first class elinrncter as a husband, father, and friend. We 'do not desire to doubt his claims as a private 'indivi dual to general esteem, hut it is with his pub lic acts wo have now to do, mid with those only. . I J is first step wns to declare, by published record, his determination not to inteifore with tho.senlences of tlie magistrates, by inference saying, that his predecessor had done so im properly. May . we he permitted to doubt this, excepting perhaps in one hr two solitary in stances. ' x\nd again, at w liose rcquesiy w:e itsk, or hy whose 'nil vice, did Mr. Latrobe make this declaration? Was it hy desire of Mr. Hone, thu senior chairman of tlie magistracy ? — orhy that of the Chief Police Magistrate, who is permitted to assume and exercise an authority in this Colony foreign to his office, and incon sistent with that respect which ought to be shown toward 'the unpaid magistracy and their chairman ? Not interfere with tlie sentences, and conduct ! (for we must add the latter,) why. is lie not tho chief magistrate ? and docs not the exercise of merry rest with him ? Is it. not his. duty to see that .justice is adminis tered in n calm and proper manner ? W hen a charge is brought before him against n Justice of the Peace, whether paid or unpaid, (if a gross violation of public duty, of an impudent assumption of authority, of unjust and unwar rantable decisions, contrary to evidence, which charges are offered to he proved hy sworn wit nesses, is it for hint to decline interference ? — is it for him to refuse an inquiry into I he truth of those charges ? That certainly is one way of administrating the governmeut of a colony, and of ensuring to its people that safety from wrong and injury, for which, together with the promotion of the general interests, Govern ments were alone founded. Where Mr. La- tiobe learned his piinciples of government we know'not, hut if this he a sample of his fitness for so exalted a position, all our endeavours to acquire information as to the right and wrong i;f such mnttcrs have been of little use, as far as we nre coneeinud, 111 arriving at right con- elusions. We envy not the people who are doomed to be hereafter blessed (?) with his Administration. We now proceed to other matters, more cheering to look upon. The close of the year lias brought with it intelligence front home of tlie changes contem plated in the future ticatment of the people of Van Dietnen's Land, and of those of the Bri tish colonies gem-rally. W e should have been better pleased, however, had we at the same time heard of an intended reform in the Colo nial Office, of the pensioning off of those of the subordinates who have claims for considera tion, and who, although mere clerks, have hi therto in reality governed our destinies. Un til that reform is effected, that change made at home we have, a doubtful',; much permanent good being carried opt, without-great difficulty ; such is, straiige to say. tlie .under current of their long since acquired, ;po,>ver.; and secret in fluences. One may plants arid inimther water, hut the official grubs, as in this Colony, will destroy all hope ofa successful harvest. However, a few weeks hence, we shall all lie able to judge of tlie future hy the first mea sures of a new Governor, as those no doubt will in part devolopo tlie tint tire of his instruc tions. As respects the general condition of the Colony. ,wo are glad to observe that trade is gradually assuming a more safe and" remune rating character. Fictitious credit has received its death blow. Money, not paper, is now- considered capital, and the efforts making to prosecute whaling pursuits hy building colo nial vessels, and manning them with colonial seamen, ami, native-horn apprentices, is another gleam of sunshine through the gloom which has oyerhung the Colony during a long period of misrule, and ntisniauagi incut of those rcr sources, which, if applied even in a.cotiunonly efficient ntanner, might liave upheld Van Die- men's. Land far above its present position. Let lis, however, not despond, hut take warning hy the past, and hope for the future. Let the Colonists of all the Colonies he true to themselves, and. whatever may he the nnture and character of their present Governments, or whoever may he their Governors, success must follow. The time has passed when their voices will he disregarded, their appeals .for justice unheeded. One startling stamp of the foot of a united people, either here or elsew here, will now make eaelt political . rat, and renegade, every vampire, and do-nothing imbecile trem ble to his heart's centre. .He who, a few years since, vvonld have "dared to ride over them roughshod," will' find it convenient to retire, more safe'to dismount at a Word, and to take his place, if he has one, amongst the multi tude, there to assume a position more suited to the calibre of his mind, and to his real, and mot fictions character. The colonists new form a portion of the people of the .British, nation, who,, through their Representatives in.ihe Bri tish Parliament, and the British piess; have acknowledged tlie relationship between them and the Parent stock, between Vau Dietnen's Land, and the Land of our fathers. We. have therefore nothing to fear, but everything to hope, as respects the future. " Having thus taken as brief a review of the' past year as was possible under the circum stances, we have only to add, as is customary at thi's senson, our grateful acknowledgments for tlie support received in the establishment of : Tiie Britannia Newspaper, with our sincere wish, that health, happiness, and prosperity may attend you all. ; 