I VARIETIES. ' "*''] JEWISH FINANCIERS.-The Hebrew has%J peculiar aptitude for managing moue v. Joseph 1 was treasurer to Pharaoh, Daniel io NehTiehad ueszar, Mordecai to Artaxerxes, and Levi to Don Pedro the Cruel. The Moors who first iuvaded Spain, liad an Israelite for Chancellor of the Exchequer, and a gentleman of the same nation now lends money to all the nations of the earth. CHANGES IN THE ANIMAL SYSTEM.-The bodies of animals are continually undergoing a se.-iesof invisible changes of substance, of which they are entirely unconscious. Wc look at our haud to-day, as we write, and we fancy it is the same in substance as it was yesterday, or last year-as it was ten years ago. The form of [ each finger, of each nail, is the same. Sears I made in our infancy are still there. Nothing is altered or obliterated ; and yet it is not the same hand, lt has been renewed over and over again since the days of our youth. The «kin, and fiesh, and bone, have been frequently removed and replaced ; and so it is, more or (ess, with our whole body. The arms and limbs that sus- tained us in our schoolboy struggles, and are long since consigned to the dust, hav-e, perhaps^ lived, over again more dion^-*nc¿^^ pís^t, or Hower, cr animal. In from three 1o ^ive years the entire body is taken out and . built in ogain with new materials. A. continual activity pre- vails among the living agencies to which this hidden work is committed. Every day a small part is carried away, just as if a single brick were every day taken out of an old wall, or a single wheel out of a watch, and its place sup- plied by another. ACQUISITION OP WEALTH.-It appears (o us nearly a¿ hard for him who devotes his time to the acquisition rf riches to be perfectly up i right and honorable through the whole course of a long life, as for a '* camel to go through the eye of a needle.'' The man who receives a for* lune by inheritance has every opportunity to cultivate and cherish his virtuous -inclinations; i but the mai who sets out in life without wealth is beset by temptations on every aide that urge him on to the acquisition of money by means both illicit and unwarrantable. He wishes for pleasure ; he wishes for a distinguished situation among his species ; and in oider to obtain things so desirable, he immediately seta about the busi- ness of accumulation. If he be able to-subdue his love of pleasure, and think proper to take tbs plain, beaten path of industry, he may get rich ; but his temper and disposition will be chauged, He acquires his wealth with diffi- culty; and we always love the product of oar attention and labor. He is now a rich man, but the finer feelings and nobler sentiments of his mind are absolutely eradicated ; that generous disregard of self, and that enthusiasm tn the cause of virtue have disappeared. - London Journal. A NOBLE EXAMPLE.-A respectable corres- pondent of the Newry Telegraph, "A farmer on , the Gosford Estate," wtites thus: -««With j :uo*t humane consideration, the Ladies Olivia . and Annabella Achesoo, daughters of the Earl ; of Gosfoid. have recently ordered a quantity of iwcî t*> T/c jlTjitlmse-tt *fv»» »tiotj-t t»«<«<»«« tVVMtao «.ok - necessitous of the neighbnrhood during the ap- . preaching winter. They have, personally, visited - the dwellings of the humbler classes, and have ; relieved the more immediate wauts of the infirm '. and afflicted ; nor have these acts of charily - been confined to the poor of the Gosford estate, ' but iu a truly generous and Christian spirit have been extended to ail, without distinction, who ', are suffering from sickness or distress. The Earl of Gosford himself bas lately made per- sonal inspection of the pooret tenantry, and has bestowed on the industrious and deserving the means of increasing their domestic comforts, while, in several instances, he bas ordered them to be supplied with money to slate and new roof their houses ; even to struggling tradesmen, wholly unconnected with his property, he has given the means th release from pawn their goods which they were forced to part with in their distress. His lordship is also making him- , self acquainted with the individual character of < his tenantry, and manifesting an interest in their - prosperity, while with those of his more intimate acquaintance he keeps up a friendly and hos- pitable intercourse. j CLERICAL MISTAKE. - Soon after Dr. ] Trench's consecration, he accompanied Iiis I father one Sunday to the Magdalen Asylum, in ] Lesson-street, Dublin, where, bis person being j unknown, but his dross indicating his ministerial ] character, the sexton respectfully requested that ( he would, in compliance with the general rule - there when any strange clergyman was present, j give his assistance to the chaplain. He instantly . complied with the request, read the service 'of ( the day, and after the sermon he was told by < the clergyman that his duties were not yet over, j and that he expected bim to administer the j Lord's Supper to the congregation. " In facti" < said his Grace, in repealing the anecdote,,'* the < humblest curate in Dublin could not have more ] bf tbe Tiordea oTttio day laid upon tum. How- < ever, I did everything he desired:; and after j service, followed bim into the vestry and dis- . robed, whilst he scarcely condescended to notice | me. When I made my bow to depart, he said, ; * Sir, 1 am greatly obliged-may 1 ask to whom 1 I am indebted V . The Bishop of Waterford/ ? said I ; and I shall never forget the poor man's - countenance. He seemed thunderstruck, and I was glad to escape from bia apologies.*-DJ*. Sirrs Memoirs. A GHOST STORY.-From Iiis retreat in the t South of France, Rev. Samuel Mediicott wrote . to me on the occasion -- ** An interesting circumstance connected with the death of. that dear servant of God, our late venerated and truly beloved Archbishop,' 1 would simply re- late as follows: t was at my brother's-in-Wilt- shire, whither I made my -first move In search of health, early in March last; There, at a very early hour one morning .(I think 4 'clock),> the dear. Archbishop .{I shall never forget bis «weet face), though pale as death, and head uncovered, stood at the foot of my bed, and said, I am. - tired of, -and I .wîlj or I .haye Jefjt .toam». and will rever return there ! This greatly disturbed, and of course rouSed me. -' I thought I had, ns, ! it were, seen a vision, and mentioned what JT do _ .here to Mrs Mediicott as soon aç she awoke. But how was I.indeed,dist«ixl>ed, how painfully oast down, when in doe tisse the heart-rendihg tidings reached me. that on that w*jrjiQjfptä$& ] that very hour, hi» Graçè bad depslried thie L«fe!' -Surr a Manoir* of Archbishop Tnttdk. j 