CftKningg foitf) tfie We now, in accordance with our promise, beg to in troduce to our fair readers, one, who as well for her extraordinary acquaintance with ancient classic litera ture, as for the boldness of her poetic attempts, may justly claim to stand almost alone. MCXB8- 8ABSBTT. , It already been our privilege to submit several spe cimens of this lady's ; poetry to colonial readers, and < we now select two of the most powerful and finished f hercompositiOhs. ' 'lEertb. - : How beautiful is. Earth I My starry thonghts Look down on it from their unearthly sphere, And sing symphonious— Beautiful is Earth 1 The lights and shadows of her myriad hills ; The branching greenness of . her myriad woods ; Her sky-affecting roc&s; ; her zoning sea ; Her rushing, gleaming cataracts ; her streams That race below her winged clouds on high ; Her pleasantness of rale and meadow !— Hush I Meseemeth through the leafy trees to ring A qhime of bells to falling waters tuned, . Whereat comes heathen Zephyrus, out of breath With running op the hills, and shakes his hair From off his gleesorae forehead, bold and glad With keeping blithe Dan Phoebus company And throws him on the grass, though half afraid-; First glancing round, lest tempests should be nigh And lays close to the ground- his ruddy lips, And shapes their beauty into sound, and calls On all the pelall'd flowers that sit beneath In hiding- places from the rain and snow, To loosen- the hard soil, and leaVe their cold- Sad idlesse, and betake them up to to him. They straightway hear his voice.— A thought did come And press from out' my Soul the heathen dream. Mine eyes were purged. Straightway did I bind Round roe the garment of my strength, and heard Nature's death-shrieking— the hereafter cry, When He of the lion voice, the rainbow-crown'd, Shall stand upon the mountains and the sea, And swear by earth, by heaven's throne, and Him Who sitteth on the throne, there shall be time No more, no more 1 Then veil'd Eternity Shall straight unveil her awful countenance Unto the reeling worlds and take the place Of seasons, years, and ages. Age and age Shall be the time of the day. The wrinkled heaven Shall yield lier silent sun, made blind and white With an exterminating light : the wind, Unchained from the poles, nor having charge Of cloud or ocean, with a sobbing wail Shall rush among the stars, and swoon to death. Yea, the shrunk earth, appearing livid pale, Beneath the red- tongued flame, shall shudder by From out her ancient place, and leave a void. Yet haply by that void the saints redeem'd May sometimes stray; when memory of sin. Ghost- like, shall rise upon their holy souls ; And on their lips shall lie the name of earth In paleness and in silentlness, until Each looking on his brother, face to face, And bursting into sudden happy tsars, (The only tears undried) shall murmur — " Christ !" ' Dante : see the opening pf his Inferno " Mi ritrovai per una selya oscura." 