JUDGMENT AGAINST MR. "OAKELEY. (From the Tablet.) On Monday was delivered, by the layman; Sir Herbert'Jenner Fast, the judgment of the Province of Canterbury, on the spiritual -ofences brought under his jurisdiction and cognizance by'the An glican Bishop of London. They have a way in the Anglican Church of transacting spiritual busi which is deserving of notice. When a Bishop of the-establishmpnt wishes to ascertain what is heresy, and to procure; the decision of what he calls his Churrli upon tihe orthodox demeanour of one of his' clerical subjects, the Right Reverend Prelate being, with great modesty, distrustful ex-officio of his own learning and science, and equally distrustful of the guidance of the Holy Ghost in his own breast, as well as in the breasts'of all his episcopal brethren, removes the cause from his own cognizance, occu pies the humble post of informer, and solicits the decision of a lay lawyer, whom the omnipotence of an Act of Parliament, instead of the omnipotence of God, has filled with the' requisite spiritual discern ment. This layman, filled with Parlianientary Unction, sits in judgment on the theology of his Bishop, and it may be of his parish priest; knocks the heads of both parties together according to his discretion; and decides, as humour may direct, for or against the elevated individual who is quizzically said to have " received the Holy Ghost" for the spiritual government of his diocese. The Bishop, indeed, is not bound by the decision of the lay judge if the latter should take it into his head to decree that his spiritual superior is the heretic. 'Ori'the contrary,we believe we'are correct in saying that he enjoys the benefit of an appeal to another tribunal. If he dislikes the opinion of his lay subject,'who is at least. a member of his own Church, he has" liis remedy by removing the case into a court wherein preside eight or ten judges, all laymen; and of whom all but one-and he perhaps not present at the hearing-'may be lay members' of other Churches, we mean the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. These, be it observed, are not the courts before which the Bishop is dragged-as are the French Bishops before the Conseil d'Etat unwilling, under protest, and after a penal fashion. No; these are themselves the Bishops' Courts. These judges are their own judges. The Court of Arches is facetiously said by Blackstone to " belong to. the Archbishop of Canterbury;" by which he evidently means that the Archbishop belongs to the Court of Arches.: And in like manner the Com. inittee of PrivyjCouncil is theoniodehbtsubstitute fI" ' the Court of Delegates, which was itself a Protest. ant substitute for the tribunal of Rome. It is no lay tribunal usurping jurisdiction over spiritual things: 'it. is the great' spiritual tribunal of the country, exercising its functions by and through the Bishops and other clerical functionaries of' the Establishment, and in spite not only of the Devil but even of Almighty God,'receiving the unction of spiritual discernment so necessary for the detection of false doctrine, front'its Creator, the King, Lords, and Commons' in'Parliament assembled. After this little preface we proceed to relate 'iow the Bishop of, London; being anxious to drive away heresy from St. Margaret's Chapel, but not being quite quite 'sure which was the heretic, he or'his licensed minister, applied to a layman of the nime' of Fust to enlighten him on this knotty point of theology, and proniised a conditional obedience to 'his decision. It happens however that Sir H. J. Fust has decided in favour of the Bishop.' A very fortunate 'result.:" "Because if he bal decided against the` Bishop it would be a hard matter for any less practised consciences than those of the Anglicans to determine which'was ilathe right-the Inspires of the Holy Ghost; or the Inspiree of the Legislature -the Bishop, or the Dean'of'the Arches. Luckily, as we said, this awkward dilemma has been avoided in the present instance.. The judg me'nts of the two ' functioniaries agree' to a hair's breadth ; and by this lucky coincidence there has been avoided a terrible cause of scandal, which if it had happered, would have scandalised nobody. The judgment of the Court has been given against Mr. Oakeley. The layman patronises the prelate's lucky. goess.! Mr.' Oakeley's chapel is.deprived of its license, and 'he himself is forbidden to perform ministerial duties anywhere, until he renouces his present 'eresies.'and errors. Such is the decree 'which our'accommodating layman has been pleased to pronounce upon a 'clergyman, in accordaince with this hunmble supplication of the Bishop's private secretary. As to the propriety of this decree, or rather as to the' itter impossibility of a sane judge- decreeing otherwise, we "suppose there can 'hardly' be two opinions. The difliculty, thue.nly. difliculty in the case, is to 'understand the good. faith of Mr.. Oake Icy; to understand how any man with a tolerable sitioe for 'nelc~ learning can h~old the pa stou fr whc r aee ha ontended. For lys honesty without understanding it. We have no elouby lie ise sincerei; we 'are eqtially confident that his intellect must have got a strange twist, which enables him 'to see sharply enough roynd a corntr, but incapicitates him for the ordinary practice of direct vision:' Never was a case so whimsical as thle, Boiling' over with reverence End submission, Mf Q akeley isi the prince of reliels and insubordinates. 'he usual amount okf obedience 'is insufflicient for the expansiveness of lose humility. Most. divines flind it enougfito obey one Church; or if they afibct variety, they take their clinches in sauccession, and generally find it. convenient to get quit of thee old allegiancp before they bend their necks to the new. But t'tme anrd timid course' is too trlte and vulgar for the daring originaljty of Mr. Qakeley a mind. Hie will1 obey two chilorchesi nqt. two chuirches in succession,; but to chtiticlie~s at once: I~ ili flht for Canterbury, lie will cherish Rome. ~'uRomes excomitisnlcates Uaatest iry and Ca ertsy '(or rather St. Stephen's) ex-articulates Rome, The true subject of Anglicanism-if there is such a thing-must profess his positive belief of Rome's error. The true subject of Rome must anathematise the damnable errors of Canterbury. But the in yveterafe hostility of the two creeds is nothing to Mr. Oakely. Like one of the Sabine matrons, he rushes between uplifted swords, and pointing to the dear pledges he has profusely .borne for both communions, professes himself equally a citizen of each. Unfortunately, heretical England and Christian Rome have not the same mode atson in theology. that the Pagan Sabines and Romans were once blessed with in civil atlairs. The self devotion of this prolific matron is unheeded; the din .of arms sounds .as loud as ever ;, and Mr. Oakeley,, clamnorous of his, equal allegiance to both creeds, is by both denounced as: a rebel. He pro fesses a double. obedience- he practises none. His two submissions, unfortunately, have each of them a different algebraical sign. " He has had a plus obedience for England; a minua obedience for Rome; and, so, when the two quantities are added together, they ate found to produce zero. A most whimsical state of things ! "M My love is great because it is .so small," was the old paradox carried out to its, true result by the hand that con cluded the couplet thus-" Then twould be greater were it none at all." Mr. Oakeley's case is the con verse of this.. His obedience is small because it is so great; and if it were none at all it would not indeed' be' greater than it now is, but exactly the same size. In religion, as formerly in finance, it may now be truly said that two and 'two do not always make four, and two taken from four do not always leave only two. On the contrary, if you lessen Air.1 Oakeley's "allegiance' you 'increase, it. Divide it and you muiltiply it. ' Subtract from it one-half ,and the other half swells out to gigantic proportions. Take away the false submission, anid the true will immediately assume 'a 'new life; a reality which it never yet has had. And which is the true allegianice P which the false P Mr. Oakeley is now thrown back upon him self for the solution of 'this-.to hiin--momentous problem. In this new " Choice of' Hercules," whliat principal will guide his determinatiorn P An awful question for him-and for him only.' T To convey to, our readers the substantial grounds of Sir 'H. I. Fust's judgment, we here append an extract from the latter portion of.' "By the Thirty-nine Articles alone would the court test the' soundness or the unsoundness 'of Mr. Oakeley's opinions. Through the whole of those articles the court need not travel. "The time would not permit it, nor was it necessary. It had been truly stated in argument that those articles had been drawn' up in direct opposition to the doctrines laid down in the' Council of Trent. Mr. Oakeley had assumed as true the doctrines 'of that'council; and those doctrines seemed only to be a repetition' of the former doctrines 'of the Church of Rome. What, then-to pass over the first five-was the sixth article of the Church of England P-' That holy Scripture contained'everything necessary to salvation, and that' anything 'not written therein, nor proved thereby, was not 'required to be believed by any man.' The foundation of the Church of England then was, that her doctrines rested exclusively upon Scripture'; but the Church of Rome, in addition to the Scrip tures, added tradition, and' placed tradition upon the same footing as, and made it'of equal 'authuiity with, the Scriptures. This was an obvious distinc tion, and formed an insuperable barrier to the'union of the two Churches: The ninseteenitli and tiventy first articles of the Church of England wisere pretty much to the same efect Itn them-, is a positive re- affirmance of the doctrine. laid down in the sixth' article, Upon' 'that article, what posible doubt or' cavil could be raised P" By what mental reservation could Mr. Oakeley hiave avoided the plain anid obvious meaning of "this doctrine ' Oni tlie otlier hand, under the pains of anathema, the Clitirch of Rome required tradition to be received as the simebinding authority' as Scripture. The court asked, then, by whit means could any man "extort," much. less "extract" any Catholic or Roman meaning Fron the sixth article of the Chtlieh?'P' The court ivoul pass over the doctrines of 'originial sin' the works of supererogation; "and other doctrines, 'ot beca'ise there was no distinction between the opinion of the two Churches on those points, but because the dis' tinction between them would be more easily traced! iAn some others. The court' would pause' a the twenty-third article, which pronounced purgatoryt and the invocation of saints as ' not to ie proved. by Scripture, but as rather repugnant thereto.'' By what mental reservation could this article again he received in a Catholic 'sense P The article itself stated that these doctrines were the doctrines of tiie Rtomish Church, the whole range of which M1?. Oakeley believed. 'le, therefore, difrering.fro'm his' church, bebieved that lpurgatory was *no vain thing.' The doctrine of purgatory aha 'been known long ibefore tie Council of Trent. It bad becin proclaimed n the Couucil of Florence, and had first been 'recog-: nised in the 8th century.--(Glosssry to' Linwood's Provincialia.) But it was not necessary to ref.qr to the' councils of the, Church of, Romeo, 'The Court must assume that 'the doctrine of purgatory ,was a Romish doctrinte. From.'the article of tie Church' of England it was so stated'1"Q be. . The article repudiated~ and, retiounced that, doctrine; but from' hins ow n admissions Mr. Oakeley inusteclearly support~ and maintain it. 'The Court womild next refer to tyie fifth article, in which all the sacraments, except tie two of the Baptism' and th& L ords Supper, were rejected as not icug oflDivine'authority. - Wh, tihen, wsas the doctrine of the Church of Rome on the questioni of tihe Sacraments P It wsas to be found in the 7th section of the 'decrees of the Council of Trent. There, instead of two sacraments, soven sacraments were appointel. and of those seven, several, specially mqud by namne rejected in the articls of time Churela of England, wcre received and decreed by the Church of Rome under th~e pahi of anatheman This doctrine had for ages been the received and recognised doctrine of Itome, (Ghoss. to Liunwood) The 25th article also declutre4 that the sancrueni t were not to be carriid out, and on thlis point the Qhurch of. Romeoagain differed from the Church of England. Tite Court w4otilg 'nxt refer to the doc trine with regard to the Supper of our Luird, Trans 'substanitiatlon was in tlimt article clcarly rejected, but lii the 13th sectioen'(c. 4) of thodecress of the Couincil' of Trept, nane Iti51,'thtat.doctrine was positively laid down., Here again was a posittve contradiction' and Irreconcileable dlfference, This catnons 'of the 'Clhrels of Rome were,'tooi, as strinig in favour of 'trainsubatantlation 'as the decrees of thl Ce Gincil' of Trout. "Thatl dictrine'Ihad been laid' dawn in the Councils of I~uteran and ,Constance. (Gloss.' ad Linwood.) 'The carryIng abopt 'of the eucharlstic elements wvas equally tlie subject lif differences between the churches. Howy was Mr.;Oakeley to get opt of thise illfliculties'P Ini the minid of the Couart It was' lImpossible to raise a doubit as to the stense or meanring of the 'jvords, aised in the article The receivin of tme. Sacrament in both kinds wsno less a matter of, dlflference between theChusrchm o( Englanid atid thie Churca "of . Tozae, Itg the 21st. sectIon of the Qouncil of Trent (anr o 162), it was laid down that one kind alone should be administered to the laity, and by, the article of the Church of England this doctrine was as disti tly denied. The sacrifice of the Mass was by the Church of England declared to bo blasphemous and vain but the Church of Rome (Decreta Concilii Tridentiol, 22 scetlon, annoa 1601), under the pain of anathema, decreed the ob servanceofthatserviceasapropitiatoryaacrifice, Was it necessary for tbecourtto go further thatn thisP", 