LOCAL Street Gang. — The strength of the Town Surveyor's gang is now upwards of seventy able bodied men ; strength sufficient under judicious management, to effect every ne- cessary repair to every street in the town, in the space of two months; judging however, from the careless manner in which some of the street work has lately been done, and the absence of any thing like an effective surveillance and direc tion over the gang, odds may be safely risked on the streets being little better at the expiration of the time stated, for all the work and labour done and performed. We suggest to the inhabitants, to solicit the Lieutenant-Governor's per mission to employ the services of Mr. Dawson, whose ability in street-making and repairing has been satisfactorily proved, to take charge of the powerful gang, his Excellency has placed at their service ; — under Mr. Dawson'a manage ment, the services of the gang would prove beneficial. Mischievous Robbery.— Late last Saturday night, some petty thief or thieves contrived to steal from Mr. William Hyde, Hair Dresser, of George street, a wax Bust placed in the glass frame of his shop window, together with a new wig upon it, and sundry articles of perfumery. The ab straction of the property is somewhat mysterious, as Mr. Hyde and his assistant were working in an adjoining room to the shop,and the door leading from one apartment to the other was open. The sale of the Bust in this town, or even in this Colony, is impossible without occasioning detection ; it is therefore probable, that it may be forwarded elsewhere for a market. The Chief Constable, will, of course, transmit in his usual communications to the police departments in the neighbouring Colonies, the particulars of tbe robbery. The Theatre. — If the theatrical folks have not been gratified, it certainly is not the fault of the managers, who by producing new and entertaining pieces, and improving their stock of performers, have tried to deserve approba- tion. Mr. Falchon, from Hobart Town, having joined the company last week, under an engagement for the season, the performances have gone off with unusual e'clat. Mrs. Falchon is also a valuable acquisition to the Theatre, as also Miss Douglas, who likewise came over from the Southern side. The want of female performers is always a drawback to the success of the Theatre, and sensible of this, the managers at the ' Olympic' are straining every nerve to procure an efficient corps of actresses. Osborne is a clever young man, and by care and study, he cannot fail to become exceedingly popular, he possesses powers of con- ception as well as of action, which enable him to understand his parts, and make the most of them. His imitations of cele- brated London and Colonial actors are good. Real talent is sure to develop itself and as sure to be eventually appre- ciated. We had not room lastweek to notice the performances, which were not only passable, but elicited much applause. Mr. and Mrs. Falchon's first appearance drew a very good house, and the more they are seen and heard the better they will be liked. Mr. Falchon was ' at home' in his Irish song of ' Paddy's Wedding,' and exceedingly droll in the farce, called ' Murphy's Almanac.' He managed to keep the audience in a roar all the time. We are sorry that we did not witness the new drama, 'Pascal Bruno.' We were informed by a gentleman present that it was acted with much propriety, and unusually well received. There was but little of that silly noise anil ribaldry which disgusts respectable people, and which the managers are (as we are told), most anxious to repress. Their object in making the theatre attractive for the public of all classes is laudable, and no doubt the police will give their valuable assistance in furthering these views. The ' Tableau of Statues,' by Os borne and bis pupils, are well set out. The comic singing is good of its kind, but it only suits a certain class of play-goers. Some persons take but little delight in the majority of comic ditties that bBve been chnunted at tbe ' Olympic.' Still we would not advise a discontinuance, but only a mo dification ; and the occasional substituting of a few of Dibden's sea-songs, or others of the kind would be an agree able change, and could easily be compassed by Mr. Os borne, or some of his co- actors. We are informed that several new pieces are in preparation, and one in particular, which is likely to have ' a run ;' it has reference to recent commercial transactions, and with care and discretion will probably make 'a bit..' We forbear further allusion to this new Extravaganza at present, but direct attention in the mean time, to the Drama in three acts, by name 'The Truand Chief,' represented last Monday evening, and which, judging from the. cast of characters is likely to be a favorite ; the dresses, scenery, &c;, are of tbe moBt splen did description, . principal characters by Mr. and Mrs. Falchon, Osborne, &c.; There was much fun in tbe after* piece, of ' My Husband's Ghost,' and tbe Tableaux in five positions, with Risley's posturing assisted by Clown, and the intervening comicalities by Falchon and Osborne all con stituted a rational evening's entertainment. The ' bill of the play' for Friday next is promising. Among other ' ex traordinaries' Monsieur RiBley, the posture-master, is to make a leap through afire balloon. Tbe laughable farce of ' The Turned Head' which had so good a run at the Adelphi, Haymarket, &c;, is to.be produced for the first time. Sale of Crown Lands. — We direct attention to the Sale of Crown Lands, advertised for next Friday, at the Court-house. There are Town, Suburban, and Country lots, of convenient areas, at Avoca, Campbell Town, Long ford, Suburbs of Westbury, &c;, at from £3 10s. to £90 a lot, upset price. Tbe full particulars will be found in another part of the paper. Campbbix Town.— We understand that a Grand Ball will shortly be given by tbe English and Irish in return for the Scotch Ball recently given. No doubt our spirited neighbours will try and beat the Launcestonians on the occasion, but we think they will have their work to do. Novel Exports. — Our Launceston contemporaries com plain of the wholesale emigration of their inhabitants to Port Phillip and elsewhere, and the consequent tenantless buildings. They will, however, be gratified to learn, that the Shamrock, per next trip, is chartered to bring over the town.— Patriot. 