E'atitctie. -0 PAUPER SrPORTMEN.-As a happy illustration of the sporting propensities of our countrymen, twenty six paupers left the Killarney workhouse on Monday .last, that they might be free .to enjoy the sports of the week.--Kerry Examiner. The walls of Nineveh .wer 100: feet high, and| thick enough for three chonrlotg pbrgast, CU.NNIN AND MMscoax oF Tie Honsas. - A curious instance of tie cunning and memory dis played by the horse is exemplified in the following anecdote from the" Plain Englishmuan": -The late General Pater, of the East India service, was a re markably fat man; while stationed at Madras he purchased a charger, which after a short trial all at once betook itself to a trick of lying down whenever the General prepared to get cipon his back. Every expedient was tried without success to cure him of the trick; and the laugh was so much indulged in against the general's corpulency that lihe found it convenient to dispose of his horse to a young officer quitting the settlement for a distant station up the country. Upwards of two years had sub sequently elapsed, when in the execution of his official duties, General Pater left Madras to inspect one of the frontier cantonments. He travelled, as is the usual custom in India, in his palankeen (a covered coudh, carried on men's shoulders). The morning after his arrival at the station the troops were drawn out; and as lie had brought no horses, it was proper to provide for his being suitably mounted, though it was not easy to find a charger equal to his weight. At length an officer resigned to him a powerful horse for the occasion, which was brought out duly caparisoned in front of the line. The general came out from his tent and proceeded to niount, but the minute the horse saw his advance lie flung himself flat upon the sand, and neither blows nor entreaties could make him to rise. It was the general's old charger, who, from the moment of quitting his service, had never practised the artifice until this second meeting. The general, who was a good-humoured man, joined heartily in the shout that ran through the line oil witnessing this luth crous affair. A HAREM. SceNE..-In his palace of Kizil-Er mak,the red river, Djezar passed the gStater portion of the day, extended upon cushions at tihe feet of his beautiful slave, smoking the roses of Taif and Adrianople, mixed with the tobacco of Malatia and Letakia, adding occasionally a leaf of Naschlick, a grain of opium, or even of arsenic (.) to exalt his imagination. Sometimes Bails put her lips to the Pookah, and as they both relined there, plunged in a sort of waking dream, educed by the juices of the Indian weed and poppy of Aboutig ; the one had visions of tile eternal hourii, and the other of the audacious stranger ; while the lion Hlaider, drawing in his claws, stretched himself familiarly among them. Baila leant negligently on the neck of the formidable animal, while the P'asha dropped hiis head upon her knees; and it was at strange picture, that of this graceful young creature, clad in gauze, reposing quietly between two ferocious animals. She had long ceased to fear either the one or the other. Both the lion and the man had been tamed.-The Pasha's Slave. Too BaoAD.-The dambroad is known to be the ordinary Scotch way of describing whaet in English is termed a draft-board. A Scotch lady newly come to London, and rather too familiar with her own country's mode of expression, inquired at a linen draper's-shop for a table chloth, of a danmbroad pattern, meaning a chequered pattern. The cock ney shopman was rather amazed at such a question asked by a lady, and answered " Why, ma'am, we have patterns pretty broad, but-a-a-none quite so broad as that." THEF TENDER PASSION.--ADVERTISING ExTRA onoDIvan.-The following advertisement figured prominently in the Times a few days ago :-" Char les S.-- lWhy did I not see you on Wednesday last. Dear Charles pray write to-day or I ant lost. L. D." Surely after such an affecting appeal " Charles" will not delay administering relief to the disconsolate fair one. On the following day, the following irresistible appeal graced the columns of the same paper. " Dear William,-If you love me, pray return home, and everything shall be arranged to make you comfortable.--L. H., Bloomsbury." AN AWKwARD PREDICAMENT "FOR Two." Last week, on the Glasgow and Greenock Railway. a hot cinder from the engine fell into an uncovered third-class carriage, in which were several well dressed ladies. In a moment one of them was en veloped in flames. Happily a young sailor was in the carriage, who had the presence of mind to tear off his worsted trousers, and wraped them round the fair sufferer, thus extinguishing the fire. But the lady lost her gown, and Jack his trowsers. " Is there any person whom you would particu larly wish me to marry P" said a widow expectant to her dying spouse, who had been somewhat of a tyrant in his day. " Marry the devil, if you like !" was the gruff' reply. " 0 no, my dear," retorted the wife; " you know it is not lawful to marry two brothers." Tie civic procession at Bonn, to receive Queen Victoria, was headed by tise chief magistrate, array ed in his robes of office, andt smoking hIis pipe. A canary, belonging to a gentleman at Wick, died the other day after being nearly thirty years in the cage. A lady, while bathing one day at Folkstone, was carried out to sea by the force of the waves, and would have certainly been drowned but for the ex ertions of some boatmen, who promptly launchled their boat, and pulled to her rescue. They picked her up, and conveyed hier to tlhe machine, and were liberally rewarded with half-a-crown. Life, in this instance, did not appear to be very valuable. A GIIosrT.-A " ]Rantor" preacher named MIilburn has seen tile ghost of " Jock o' the Gill," one of Sir James Gralam's farmers,who dropped down dead some six years ago, and was buriedl without an inquest. Thie malignant and lying ghost told the Ranter that its hotly was murdered by its body's neplhew, Jemmy o' the Gill, Who with his sister used to live with their uncle. When the ghost's lie reached Jemmy lhe gave it the lie, and undertook to touch thie body to see whether the blood would flow. For this purpose the body was exhlumed, and tihe ordeal passed through, in the chlurch-yard of Kirk Andrews-upon-Esk, near Netherby, under tile windows of Sir James Graham's mansion,and in tile parish of his reverend brother. LEADUEn OPERATIONS.- TherO are now uptwards of thirty clerks at the League Rooms, working almost night and day. It appears a most formidable establishment. .Thley are chiefly on the registry. Prestun Gumardian. A western editor, who is an old bachelor, says, " We never cared a farthing about getting married until we attended on abachelor's funeral. God grant that our latter end may not be like his," Some mnowers in the employ of Mr. Bass, of Hat hern, were cutting gras, one of them with his scythe, cut off the head of a partridge that was sitting on a nest containing fifteen eggs. The eggs were immediately taken and .placed on the hearth before tile fire, at Mr. Bass's residence, from whilch fifteen fine young partidges have since been hatchled. CoNonEss ow POTEBTANT PaRIN?EBe,-The Rhe eish Observer, sltates that very shortly 4 congress of deputies from lthe Protestant princes of Germany will take place, in order to consult upon the best means of restoring and consollidating the order, in that church, 