ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE THE FARCE.— A COUNCIL AT THE ANTIPODES. To the Editor of the Port Phillip Gazette, Sir, — I must not make any apology for offering a few remarks on the farce enacted on Wednesday last at the Mechanics' Hall, "but I may state, that strongly impelled by a desire to see what could be the matter with the Town Actors, I went up for the first time to witness the performances. The Town Hall is at prevent in the Mechanics' Insti- tution, and when I arrived and found the performances about to commence— I found a most Shakespearian looking gentleman in the chair, who looked quiet and mild ; he had soon to resign, for in a few minutes "the noblest Roman of them all ' en- tered, and took his seat as president. — The first actor was a fine man, near the window, who put me, for all the world, in mind of Froth, the foolish gentleman, in my own comedy "Of Measure for Measure ;' he seemed proud of the little brief authority with which be was decked,— and in the words of his Master Claudio in measure for measure, seemed to think— "Thus can the Deral-god authority Make us pay dawn for our offence by weight.'' He appealed to be answered in the words of Lucio by a dapper self- sufficient little man, with a remarkable countenance, far down the table, who, like Lucio, seemed to say — " If I could speak so wisely under arrest, 1 would send for my — and yet, to say the truth. I had as [?] have the foppery of freedom a the censure of the—." Froth still kept on his part, with an occa- sional jerk out of a few words— like a man choking with a hot turnip in his mouth : and at last, after a few interjections, sat down ; a person down the stage, was one who put me in mind of Thersisites, a deformed and scurrilous Grecian, in Troi- lus and Cressida, said — " Thou sodden witted Lord : thou hast no more brain than I have in my elbow; an issinego drawer of spirits, thou scurry valient ass ; thou comest here to thrash a Trojan * * * Io ! Io ! what modicums of wit he utters ; his evasions gave ears this long. I have bobbed his brains more than he has bent my bones." But thunder and turf up rises an actor at the very bottom of the table, who puts the whole room in confusion ; oh ye furies — how great— how vain —how pompous— how Johnsonian he looks, as he taps his snuff box in his hand, and inwardly exclaims— ' I am monarch of all I survey, My right there is none to dispute." It it— it most be Brutus— the Brutus of the Town Council : he looked first with supreme contempt on every one around him ; and then exclaimed— " And I am Brutus ; Marcus Brutus, I ; Brutus my country's friend,— knew me Brutus above all here !" He commenced a long diatribe on some- thing, which some person had done to interfere with his rights: be roared — he thundered, and looked daggers. He seemed to say— " And am I Brutus. Must I stand and crouch to any of you under your testy humour; by the Gods He shall divest the venom of his spleen, though it do split him—for I will complain Juto vile: Oh how he rayed ! oh rare how be bel- lowed! Or. dear how he stormed : but, after all his speech was nothing ; sound and foam. When he had concluded another senator, who reminded me of Cassius, rose sighing— ' Brutus buy not me — I'll not endure it ; you forget yourself — I am a soldier and older in practice, abler than yourself." Brutus has determined he would not hear him, and he therefore insisted on his sit- ting down. The next person who rose seemed to view the whole affair as a serious joke. He commenced low and distrustful, but gradually, like a second Hotspur, warmed, and, notwithstanding every attempt to put him down, went on in the language of Hotspur— Shall it be said in these— in these degenerate days That men of your nobility and honor Did set themselves against me in an unjust behalf. as all of you, God pardon it, have done !" The person who seemed to me like Hot- spur, commenced in rather a backward and diffident tone, but as he warmed he ap- peared to have the almost difficulty to re- press his immagination as the ideas seemed to flow so fast that they checked him. I looked about the board, and many seemed ashamed of this attempt to spur a willing and useful steed. Nay, the expression of one of their number, although perhaps in jest, that he had jumped so fast from sub- ject to subject, &c;, was a high compli- ment. I am Sir, THE GHOST OF SHAKSPEARE. 