OPENING OF CHRIST'S COLLEGE, On Thursday, Ist.October, the Collegjie Bishopsbourne was opened. There were about a hundred persons present, and the ceremonies performed were interesting to 11 who delight in anticipations of the future portance of this institute. We are in' med the order of proceedings in the p nted programme was strictly adhered to, A eleven o'clock morning prayers w're re 1; after which the Archdeacon stood ult, an taking the Warden, Rev. Mr. Gcl, by toe right hand, said : 1 Itzherbert Adams Marrlot, in behalf of out R i Roeverend Father in God, Francis Russell, Lot shop of this Dioceso, do hereby induct titer, Joh illp ell, into the seat and onice of Warden Iof thb r College, dedicated to the Saviour, Christ' Be thiu lways .zealous for the honour of His Iholy %am ; le thou diligent in teaching His doctrine; e thou loving and affable towards them that 'at' earners in His school;.and so come to an eternal award hereafter. In the name of the Father,'and f the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Then the Warden sat down, and after eclaring the names of those elected mem ers of the College .gave notice of the holy ommunion next Sunday. - He then deli ered an address. A procession was then formed to proceed o the laying of the foundation stone of the ew building in the following, order, two nd two. The Archdeacon and clergy present, (we elieve six, but 'neither of the Launceston ministers were there). The Rural Dean and College trustees. The Warden, fellows, scholars, and other students of the College, amounting, we be lieve, to about twenty-five. At the place was said Psalm cxxvii. Nisi Dominus. Then the Rural Dean said, Let us pray for Christ's Holy Catholic Church, especially that pure and reformed part of it established in these realms ; for the Queen's most excellent Majesty, Defender of the Faith, over all persons and all causes within her dominions su preme; for the Ministers and Dispensers of God's Holy Word and Sacraments, as well Archbishops, especially William, Lord Archbishop of this Pro vince, and Bishops, especially Francis Russell, Lord Bishop of this Diocese, as the inferior Clergy, the Priests, and Deacons. Let us pray likewise for the Queen's most honourable Council, for' the Lieutenant-Governor, Councils, and Officers of this Territory. For all Schools and Seminaries of sound learning and religious education; and here in I more especially desire your prayers for the Wardens, Fellows, and Scholars of Christ's College, with all the Students in the same, that all and very of these, in their several stations, may serve truly and diligently to the glory of God and the welfare of His people, remembering that solemn account they must one day give before the tri bunal of God. Pray we, likewise, for all our Benefactors, especially Sir John Franklin, some time our Lieutenant-Governor, and the first' Be nefactor to this good work, that it may please Almighty God to accept their offerings, and to remember them in the day of His coming. Fi ally, let us praise His Holy Name for all His ervants departed this life in His faith and fear, eseeching Him to give us grace so to follow their good example, that this life ended we may e made partakers with them of the glorious re urrection in the life everlasting. .Then all said : Our Father, &c.; Then the Rural Dean gave an account :of the College Trust Fund. , The Archdeacon: Who is willing to consecrate 'this service, this day, unto the Lord P One pf the Trustees : Who are we that we should be able to offer willingly after this sort P for all things come of Thee, and of Thine own have we given Thee.-I Chron, xs. ., 14. The.Archdeacon: Prevent us, O Lord, in all our doings with Thy most gracious favour, and further us with Thy continual help; that in all 'our works 'begun, continued, and ended in Thee, we ay glorify Thy Holy Name, and finally by Thy mercy obtain everlasting life, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. O, Eternal God, mighty in power, and in majesty incomprehensible, who art tihe Creator and Up colder of all things, without whom nothing is trong, nothing is holy; Bless, O Lord, this work or which 'we are here gathered together to the conour and glory of Thy great name, and the edi cation of Thy Holy Church, through Jesus Christ r Lord. Amen. Enlarge the hearts of Thy faithful people, that as lie Israelites of old offered willingly, so we, remem ering our days on earth are but as a shadow, and ihat there is none abiding, and that all things come f Thee, may with perfect hearts offer willingly, ae aeccording to his ability, unto Thee our Lord nd God. Amen. Accept, O Lord, of these our prayers and praises, through Jesus Christ. And may the glorious ma sty of the Lord our God be upon us. Prosper hou the work of our hands upon us. O prosper hou our handy-word. Amen and Amen. SThe. stone being about to be laid, the rchdeacon said : Forasmuch as it has pleased the Almighty God accept our unworthy service in' the name of His eloved Son, we, therefore, dedicate this building His name, and in behalf of His church and peo le, we lay this foundation' stone 'to the honour of the only-begotten Son, our Lord and Saviour Jequs Christ. Amen. While they laid the stone, was said Psalm cxviii. Confltemini Domino. Then he Archdeacon delivered an address to the people, concluding with the blessing. 'An excellent collation was prepared to M?sich the visitors did ample justice; next Sthis the principal attraction was the li Rlh( y, which we understand already num tbees three thousand volumes. :The pupils walked in their gowns and ;daps, the College costume, suggestive of 'sclool remiselences of a pleasing and hope al character. 