! THE MUNICIPAL' "BILL; f'lwl- ' .WhenTlio veitifieinpnt Jieadedi4SOfficq..of Town Clerk" made' (it'qpiVeq'raVitjeVthe ypying Gt6ntleTrien(' of 'tli'er'legdi - prof6ioily' did'lit'. flip hdnbr to pay it!tli6W very Kind'tond flnt"parti- cular attention.' 1 Several of tliemi looked atr -it withas;n1uch horror aswiXsl iou Id il o'ok Sit on eof Bishop .Wilspn's.oxpomipuijieatipns.; "jlavq ygy, .s\d,.oney lf J)sy>on(Jeryi/it,pet,inr (feed," exclaimed a s'econdj turning, upj ms' rioe as if lie had heen grossly, jnsultcd.; idyo'ueiier know ':anJ ijikakce qf 'a ' Tpwri 'titel-lc ' being other th'Wti'tt'Liiwgef'V't'saifi1 a"tlilrdy addressing ario-i tlierywhoso unfledged olliifshowed'tliat' he;had! been able to learn as much about' aiTown Clerk's duties, as he.'liad-.of nayigationi't and /then, all turning yppudltogotber, tliey set to work to d'e- nouncc with the utmostndigpatiop, .such an at tempt ..to interfero 'with "tlie' rightsj' 'iirivilcges. and dignity of tjie/neyer, ;dot ywyong profession, At length it was" generally agreed that it was another unpreceehteil'attpniptlitpr'Qntulgating a jielief, that1 _a "Lawyer is hot requiredofi'all, and pveryhc'ca'sidii', osi ah atrocious dibelpand an ;iii- stuncQibf l'pbelliqiVijigaiuflt blubcbflgifinpprioritbf! Wgli.pjig.fo.bejBigt, aly resented..,, -T hp el'dpr, ap.d perhaps, jto .as' ivefi informed .Members oi J the ,T?r6fesslpn„ lioWpverj! did'not'lobk at tiiemat'tb'ryuitb sblhdiiah'tly they thought, that occasionally people -might bo permitted to think for themselves without tho itid of eitlicif tlie»'Pricsi or tile .Lawyer,'-' and sc- jveral of them weptfarthor,. and -said, tliatas the LMunicipal Bill WUS'oiio iiillik'C those in force ut home, tudidiitics Of Town, Clerk tflould bbl found essential ly diirerent.. , .IIpiM as, \yo(are, , spmpwluit Sittoiteq 'in'itliq, qubjdci.lpile'd.ip, .oiiif.'JI,qadeii Iwill.pcrm't i|s" to say,|that;.wer h<'»>vp .not- passed, jthrougii Jife.so igiipraid of civile Institutions as jiiot to bo "tolerably well acquainted withntho general duties required under the .NeWnAct, jfrom a Town CIcrk. "It lias been -observed, that the term " Town Olerlc " "is rbpf a suitable one, ,aiid why? bccausP tlic pcrsOii 'chosen will only :act«os CiPrk tbdlid'ComniissiolYcrk' '' If . so, tlicn this Tenders tho scr vices ;of; a Liiw.ycr. lcss.riicpcsf sary ,bui,bf. whatcoiiscqUciicc ' is, tho name, "or clilling of flic.pcibii. sb'dctiiig 1 ' (lock tiiht'-.aftVbt jthii; question ? 'Lct-'ufor a ihbiiibiiirlook'at' ike 'duties' iiVtfHl ' libf e!ito ' perform ! .Ilis coWstant" time must bo devoted to his oflicc, in attendance ppon meeting.of tlie.Conitrlissibifors, in •register ing proceedings, in conducting correspondency jn preparing andreCeivjiigjtcqdcr.fpr contracts, in cliecking, bxaihinhtgy and rccprcling vqtes Surveyors, r; CollcPtorsy ' and' other -Lists, on 'ail pupli, although common' place,' yet Tcspoiisible matters. . Is;.a( Lawyer necessary .-for- eitlier;oC these.? Is a Lawyd-.ticccssary oven as;q,Clerlc of thb'Lcgislativb, Council t. Call.'.him'. yvho fills, the situatiohhlluded to, " Clerk of tlio' Munici- pal Council, " and' wlicfb then is., the .ghost of a difficulty, conjured up' tb friglitbn' meh,vfirt6 a belief that no man can be suited for such asitiuw jtiop unless lie lips i bedh , admitted.'' '. We know that dtfliome tho -.Town Clerk is it piiblic'proic- 'cutor, that lie must possess.;! knowledge of legal technicalities in order to-be ablo toinstruct others; i'fo him the Courts .of Aldermen, and Common Council, look for information! Ilo is liberally paid for all tins,- but hero the cases aro essentially different. That the Commissioners must also .have a retained Couiisel'hf fill cases where law- is necessary, cannot dje;'doubtcd,'"bnt that tho two offices should bo blended iirbdc, is impos sible, because, during » tlie first .thrco.ycars, " the . Town p'crk, the Clerk to, the Muiiieipal Council, of Commissioners! Chief Clerk'," ' call him what you niity,; will have' ' qiiitb ciiough. to. do Avithpat; taw mattets; evbii suppose him to be a Lawyer. We merely throw out these few remarks to show our learned friends that we: really are not totally jignorant of Municipal affairs, although wc have-. ,not. had the blessing of their instruction on such siibjputs,' mid with eyevry '.Ikjiidly feeling, toward scvpral of thorn, for \vhoin, we not only profess, .but feci a real yegard, .an'rl vciy great respect, we must still be' permitted' to; think, witli; riiany others; that it is not: necessary that' a Lawyer sliould bo appointed.- We are also So horridly iTadical as to believe, that if one third of the pro fession" throughout' 'the British Empire would enlist iiibftL.li'ghtrdragoon fogimont now. serving on tljc Cupc Frontier, skii;iuislung witli the Gaf fers, and- if another third woiihl set out upon an amateur cPpip« , tq,Thb;Npfth ?Pdle;;|m(l if the Other third were employed in burning about. a million of law books, statutes, law 'explanations,' and other absurdities, it wonlU'bo as great a bles sing as was ever conferred upon the human race. ; :Onc ;w,ord more, whilst. ou this . subject. Ilqw wjis it that a Lawyer was chosen to be the 'first- phicf'Cohnhiionier?' IfiJLlic 'Mu'uicipa! "Act t is' O 'dmw'n as to' fequ'ife"lcgM. ki'ibwJcdgc for its1 comprehension;- it is! only Another curse a'dded to: the mass of rubbish ; already heaped upon tho- heads of The. sacrificed people,: wiother soro add- ed to: tho. mass, of: corruption with wliioh the body ,poHtic,isdreiidy so .gfieyonsly afflicted. Where was the Slierifij" why \yas:lie not.clioscn ?. But if it must bo a Lawyer, where wero those gentlemen, .'(wO will not tako tho liberty of briiigingnamcs before the:public) who for years- were:To.wn Clerks of Boroughs in. tho Blother Cquutry? why. >vere they passed; by? ...Must |t bo here. Young England for ,'oyer."' ;AVe say,, give us " Old England for ever," in' preference. to' the putting aside those considerations which ought lievcr/to be forgotten.' But again .we say, why solect;a Lawyer for.Sucb duty ? The 'an swer is plain. The Colonial Secretary, and Ilis. Excellency, (we are told) in their .early day, walked or rode, or eat thoir' t'ciTns,''fis''bric>flJss barristers, and of cqursc. wliilst they./Ans ;imbil>- ed knowledge, (there .rail not lie q doubt of that) tliey sucked iji ah ardent affection, for the iro-, ral, very excusable., ,'i'liis is the, best reason we can give for tlie'appointihent iif Mr. Perry, against whom; as Air. rerr)', we beg distinctly to declare) we' do- not ofl'er even - the' shadow1 of -an objection. r 