Sublime, and Something Mobe. A pleasant instance occurred at an assize-town lately. A Mr William Taylor, who, it seems, unites in his own person arts and commerce, was witness in a case before Mr Justice Cresswell. When he entered the witness-box, he was asked the usual question, "What are you?" He answered, that he was a painter ; and, being landlord of a public-bouse, he added, that be was also a "publican and sinner." Perhaps he thought his devotion to lucre in such a channel rather derogatory to the higher art, and therefore disguised his reply in that facetious iorm. But his plea santry could nut be to'erated: the awful voice of Justice cried from the bench, "What do you say you are?" The smile died away on Mr Taylor's lips—paleness and blushes strove for the empire over his humorous but humbled coun. tenance, as he repeated the now distasteful and melancholy joke, " A publican and sinner." The thoughtless audience had laughed before; but new the words fell in the midst of a stern silence. What mu6t have been their surprise when the JudgCTejoined —— But we must prepare the reader for the rejoinder. There is a word never uttered to ears polite Bave by the licentious poets. Even they sometimes veil it, like tbe decorously prosy, in periphrasis or equivoque; as where Shakspete, a very profane writer, makes tbe Ghost in Samlet say, " I am forbid to tell the 6ecrets of the prison-house." But o'ten this writer is less discreet, and writes the word out right; as where he makes Richard of Gloucester say, " Down, down to hell, and say 1 sent thee there.'* Indeed, he u?es that word eo often, that the references to it in Mrs Cowden Clarke's closely-packed Concordance to ShaJtspere occupy an octavo column and a-halfl—one hundred and fifty-one times does it occur, as Mrs Cowden Clarke re cords ; to say nothing of the passage in which the word is disguised as " prison-house." In common parlance, we (taking the "we" in Mr Ricbnrds's comprehensive and impersonal sense) use some different word for disguise; Baying,for instance, if some,insolent companion utters a niaberie, " Go to—Bath" Now, when Mr Taylor faltered, the second time, that he was a "publican and sinner," Mr Justice Cresswell—what he meant we leave the reader to guess, pnly repeating his words—tremendous Justice Gresgwell exclaimed, " It you Uiriti^Mir evidence in~ that manner,.I will send you to a place appointed for sinners P'-r Spectator. 