GERALDINE : A TALE OF CONSCIENCE. CHAP. V. \- Good morning." my- dear uncle." "-Good -morning, Warden," cried the two expectants in the balcony of Geraldine's boudoir, over looking the flower garden, whence the learned aind reverend gentleman was seen slowly advancing on the following morning, with.a folio volume be. neath his arm. He returned the greeting, and, ascending the steps to the favourite apartment, was soon seated between his fair antagonists, while a truce was agreed upon during the cheerful and -friendly repast. Dr. Sinclair, however, seemed not tunwilling to renew the discussion of the previous day; and, after the servants had finished their at tendance, and the ladies had fixed upon their em =ployment for the morning, he threw out the chal lenge for attack to Katherine Graham, by saying, " Pray, Miss Graham,-wlhat is your notion of a church ?"' Katherine looked up and smiled : " Why.-.r. Sinclair, .1 think with my favourite Chalmers, that -Scripture-says marvellously little about a Church !" " Ah I where does Chalmers-say that ?" " I heard him preach at the Scotch -Church in London, and repeat his very words." " Dr. Chalmers," said the Warden, -"-is a man of learning, of wisdom, -of piety, and-of eloquence; " but I never yet knew the Calvinist who could go to . his Bible without a-sturdy independent-resolution to -see nothing there but what should suit -his own plan of doctrine. Hand me a Bible, Geraldine, and '1 -will show Miss Graham that Scripture says mar vellously much about a church." .. "Stop, sir," said Katherine, It and -first under stand both Dr. - Chalmers and myself. 'You will -find the word ' church' often recurring in Scrip ture; no Bible reader thinks of denying that. But I attribute to .it a far different signification from yours. I conceive the Church of Christ to be wholly spiritual; for Christ says, the ' Kindom of Heaven is within you.' I believe that, under whatsoever denomination, and belonging to whatever outward community, all those who have the Spirit of Christ are Christians, and form his pure invisible church." "Miss Graham, you believe a truth,-but not the truth ; or, in other words, .you believe the truth, but not the whole truth. You should remark that, from the defective nature of all languages. the word '-church' is employed in various significations. It means, primarily, the whole visible body of pro-, -fssing Christians; secondly, the heads or pastors .of that body,; thirdly, the spiritual or -elected por tion of -the visible body; fourth, the different con gregations, separated, though in communion and, also, in modern acceptation, the buildingsadedicated to purposes of- prayer -and instruction. Our Divine Redeemer often speaks, it is true, of his pure and elect church, and, in this sense, it ia wholly spiritual and invisible.; but again he gives commands and promises totally incompatible with an invisible and merely spiritual church. For instance, what are we to understand from the following texts:- Hear the church.'-If he neglect to hear the' church, let him be to thee as a heathen and a publican.: Then to the pastors themselves,-' Feed the flock which is amongst you, taking the oversight thereof.'-, And the things which thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.'-' Ye are as - a city set on a hill.' There Is no necessity for me to multiply text upon text, I should-suppose, Miss Graham, farther to prove the obvious necessity :of Christians being a visible body, and that, if. the church is ' as a city set on a hill,' she must not only be visible, but conspicuous 1" " I perceive," Dr. Sinclair, said Katherine smiling, * that you have endeavoured to make your few but .weighty texts serve you the double purpose of prov ing the authority as well as the visibility of the Church. Certainly, those who command and those who obey, as well as those who speak and those who listen, must be visible living men and women; but as to any authority of one Christian over another, excepting the necessary influence of piety and learn ring, I own I cannot yet admit It either in theory or practice." "Yet you read of churches being * established' or ' confirmed, " replied Dr. Sinclair, " which denotes the settlement of such rules and regulations as were called for by the increasing number of Christians: and as the Apostles themselves could not always be present, it was necessary that some one having authority should be with each community, to set things in order. This one person must have been appointed by the Apostles; for there is no evidence of a'deacon or elder- taking upon himself such an office in these early times, unless appointed by an Apostle, or by some one who had himself received his commission from an Apostle. Thisappointment was made by the laying on of hands, and has con tinued in the Church down, to this day. Now, respecting the * Church' as signifying those in spiritual authority, you will perceive that our Lord did not grant ministerial authority to his disciples an general, but first to twelve, and then to seventy; that of those twelve, one was among the most wicked of mankind, and that our Lord well knew his character when he appointed him; that possibly some.of those seventy might be unworthy persons; that our Lord, just 'before his departure, gave what may be called a fresh commission to his Apostles, which they should act uponafter his ascension; that after that event, the twelve Apostles were the leading persons in the Christian Church, having under them two orders or degrees,viz.: bishops (sometimes called elders) and deacons; and that this threefold division of ministers in the Church lasted as far as the New Testament history reaches, the Apostles having set men over -different churches with aposto lical authority, to preside during their absence, and to succeed them after their decease. This sufficiently appears from passages in St. Paul's Epistles to Timothy and Titus. It farther appears, that to those immediate successors of the Apostles, who were of rank and authority above the bishops for a time, was given the title of ' Angel,' (see the prophecy in Revelations to the Seven Churches); and at a sub sequent date, you find still the three degrees of Church- authority, the highest title, being called .bishop, the next priest, and lastly the deacon. But I will give my farther reasoning on this point," con tinued the Warden, laying his hands upon the open folio volume beside him, " in the words of that bright .ornament of the English Church, the holy Bishop of Down and Dromer : All obedience to man is for God's sake; for God, imprinting his authority .upon the sons of men, like the sun reflecting upon a cloud, produces a parhelion, or a representation of his own glory, though in great distances and im perfection. It is the divine authority, though char -tered on a piece of clay, and imprinted upon a weak and imperfect man; and therefore, obedience to our superiors must be universal.-This precept is ex pressly apostolical. ''Be subject to every constitution and authority of man for the Lord's sake.' It is for God's sake and thereforeto every one, whether it be to the King, as superior, or to sis ministers in subordination. For Ecclesiasticus thus : ' Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit your selves, for they watch for your souls as they must giyo-an aecounL' Now. Mica Genham.If you can give any hidden and opposed meaning to these .seemingly plain injunctions to -' obey,' to * submit yourself,' to be 'subject to' your superiors as ap pointed by God, I am ready to hear your exposition; but I should hope that you begin to perceive that the Bible is explicit on the subject of both State and Church authority." -".But,-Dr. Sinclair, there is, both in Church and State, so much of man's invention, so much that is anti- scriptural, that I should often feel that, in ' sub mitting' and ' obeying,' and being ' subject to,' them, 1 should, instead of honouring, offend, God. Now, when .1 can respect the authority over m-.e, I am willing enough to submit, and can bow to the individul character -of the man, but never to his office." " Wrong, Miss Graham, wrong, listen to further arguments from the same revered source." " You mean from the partial and -biassed pen of your old bishop," returned Katherine. as Now, my dear Sir, I am sorry to hurt your feelings; but I do not care the least for any bishop. h.bave just told you, that no official station whatever can inspire me with the slightest respect. I bow to character alone." Then here you may bow fearlessly," said the Warden, with perfect command of temper, " the sternest non-conformist, the most narrow-minded sectarian, the most bigotted Romanist, must each and all pay tribute to the expansive mind, deep learning, -fervent piety, and loving affections of the holy Jeremy Taylor. You may listen also to the follow log quotatlons with the less fear, that they are little more than a running commentary on Scriptures-. There is no power but of God:' so that no infirmity -of person, no under-valuing of circumstances, sno exterior accident, is an excuse for disobedience, and to obey the -divine authority -passing through the dictates of a wise, prudent, and excellent governor, 'but to neglect the impositions of a looser head, is -to worship Christ only' upon Mount Thabor, and In the glories-of his transfiguration, and to dispise him on Mount Calvary, and in the clouds of his inglorious and humble passien. 'Not only to the good and gentle.' says St. Peter, ' but to the harsh and rigid.' Miss Graham, .1 do-not wish to comment in any severe manner on your mistaken warmth agalnst the Church, but to convince you by gentle reasoning. Here, agalo, is a striking passage *For God did with greater severity punish the re bellion of Korah and his company, than the expiress murmurs against -himself, nay, than the highecrime of -idolatry. For this latter crime God visited them with the sword.; but for disobedience and meeting against their superiors, God made the earth to swallow some of -them, and fire from heaven to con sume the rest, to show that rebellion-is to be punished by the conspiration of heaven and of earth. And it is not amiss to observe, that obedienco to man, being, as-it is, for-God's sake, and yet to a person clothed with -circumstances and with the same in firmities with ourselves, is a greater instance of humility 'than to obey God immediitely, whose authority Is divine, whose presence is terrible, whose power is Infinite; just asit -Is both greater faith and charity to relieve a poor saint for Jesus' sake, than to give anything to Christ himself, If lie should appear in all~ the- 'robes of glory and Immediate address.'~ Miss 'Graham. I have perhaps spoken and qooted enough on 'the subject of authority. I do -not wish to weaken the effect by prolixity; and-dis cordant as the sound of ' authority.' may be to the ear of a lively and independent woman, her respect to the word of Lod must be too great not-to oblige 'ter at least to ponder on this command of obedience -a harsh yoke to the~proud, hut' light and easy to -the humble of heart," Katherins paused a little~before'she replied :-" Dr. Sinclair, I am aware that scripture commands those who are taught to respect their teachers, that Is, if they can, but, supposing that 1 were to consider still further, that aespect is due to all those, who, whether respectable or not, are placed in official authority, what contradictory obedience would there not be demanded of me, from the heads or pastors of each separate Church. Can I obey them all ! Im possible ! Yet all claim ' obedience,' 'submission,' ' subjection,' as being delegated by 'God. Of course, you advise me to obey the Church of England; and claim for her a precedence, a superiority over her sister Protestant communities, which perfectly shocks me ! And then to urge on me the plea of one Church upon earth-not spiritual but visible-and that one the Church of England ! No! you'must excuse me, Warden, I could not screw up my views of Christ's universal Kingdom, within the British Channel south of the Tweed ! Other Protestant communities have an equal right to this exclusive ness and self adulation, but they are more humble, more charitable, more scriptural. The conduct of thse Established Church of England towards the nonconformists and puritans, in earlier days, and her less cruel, but equally insulting, conduct at present towards the ' Dissenters,' deserves alone the condemnation which Sir James Mackintosh, in his histo'y of England, passes on all the Protestant Churches :- They acted as if they were infallible, though they waged war against that proud word.' In fact, I " find the Church of England constantly punishing in others the disobedience of which she herself had set the first example." -To whom, and in what, was she disobedient?" said the Walden. " Why, my dear sir, if to emancipate herself from the old corrupt Church of Rome were not disobe dience and revolt (and far be it from me to think so), what right has she to bring the charge on them who emancipated themselves from her. when their conscientious feelings has been, as hers was, a desire for more simplicity, more purity. more close ad herence to Apostolical model ?" " I will tell you why, young lady-because the Church of England did not leave the ancient church, she merely pruned its excrecenses. This was nobly contended for by the Martyr Ridley; it was equally advanced by Laud, in the preface to his conference with Fisher. * There is no greater ab surdity stirring this day in Christendom,' says he, 'than that the Reformation of an old corrupted church should be taken, will. we, nill we, for the building of a new.' This essential point is also maintained by our deep theologian Tillotson, who says,-' When the additions which the Church of Rome has made to the ancient faith, and their inno- I vations in practice, are pared off, that which remains of their religion is ours.' But the ' Reformers' I from the Church of England, as those of Scotland, I and of the Continent, were not content with prun ing and paring, they uprooted, devastated, demol ished; and the result of their impetuous and extra vagant career is this, that there is scarcely one, prominent corruption of the Romish times, which may not be contrasted by its opposite error amongst the English Dissenters, and the Scottish and Conti nental Reformers." " Doctor of Divinity and Warden of College, Oxford," replied Katherine, " you are ne cessitated to say all this. and I honour you for your zealous ' esprit de corps;'-but, thank heaven, I have taken' no vows to defend the half measures of your vary eonceited churchJ' " The middle course of truth is never admired by the rash and intemperate," replied the Warden with dignity. "The Church of England can support, without danger, the defalcation of Miss Katherine Graham; but will she willingly renounce the privi lege of membership with a church which can lay claim to the transmission of apostolical gifts to a priesthood uninterrupted from the first ordination of Christ, our head P" "But, Dr. Sinclair, you must of necessity trace the priesthood through the Corrupt Church of Rome, for my favourite friends, the Albigenses and Wal denses, in their woods and caverns, do not attempt to claim this, to me, unimportant line of priesthood -and this necessity of making use of the church you protest against, this attempt to carry purity safely through corruption, this trimming and tem porising conduct is the reason why I cannot respect the Church of England." " Will you respect the words of Christ our Lord, young woman P-will your levity be awed by the promises of God to a priesthood you would fain de spise P"-and, as Katherine remained silent, being for the moment really awed by the cold stern man ner with which Dr. Sinclair pronounced these last words, he drew the large Bible to him, and began to comment on the twenty-eighth chapter of St. Mathew, from the eighteenth verse -" ' All power is given to me in Heaven and in earth. Go, rTsaR poas, (observe the force of the word ' therefore' as expressly implies the delegated power.)-go, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them, in the name of the Fathser, of the Son, and of the Holy ihost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you;' or, in other words,' as my Father sent me so send I you.' To all which St. John further adds-' That having thus spoken, He breathed on them.' You here perceive chat the blesised God Man used the matter and form of an express and awful gift." "1I expected here," interrupted Geraldine, " that you would have said ' Sacrament.' It seems to me from the definition of a sacrament given in our Church Catechism, *an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace ordalined by Christ himself,' that from this first institution by Christ of superior gifts and grace, in favour of the Apostles, and their successors, Ordination has every claim to be received as a Sacrament, And when I think of the awful service which we have so lately read, I canunot think why the Church of England has re tained two Sacraments only-'- Baptism' and the ' Supper of the Lord?' " " If you will recall more of the words of your catechism, my detar, you will find, that to the ques tion, 'HBow many Sac~rameants bath Christ ordained in his Chords?' the answer is two only as genzeralily necessary to salvation;' and while the Church of England holds that each sex, and every age, Is bound, under awfut responsdbihhy, to receive ' Bap. tism' end ' the Supper of the Lord,' It can never be' required of women, of Infants, or of all classes of men, to receive this, and other instltutiuns, called by the Roman Cathsolics 'leacraments.' " "Noi certainly," replied. Geraldine ; "it is not necessary to salvation to receive ' ordination," or o atarriage;' and It perceive that the Church of Englend does not positlvely-refusc the title of Sacra ment to the other institutions~ of~ our Lord. She merely speaks of. those two, which all are bound to receive, end without which Chavings the mean, and rejecting them) we cannot be saved." " For myself," continued the Warden, " Ihave ever considered Ordination as so solemn a compact between Christ end 'the shepherds of his dlock, that I receive It as possessing the essential parts of a Sacra nment. And now tell me, Miss Graham, what think you of the institution of our Lord, when he said ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost P Did he lead the -Apostles to suppose that he conveyed to them a real donation, and yet bestowed nothing P" _"I should never suppose anything so blasphe mous," replied she. " Or," continued the Warden, " that Christ really did bestow what he promised, but that the Apostles failed to receive it P" " No ! no! " cried Katherine, " why imagine me obliged to believe any of these absurdities P 1 fully believe in the miraculous gifts of Christ, and I fully believe in the reception of them by the Apostles; for every proof is given, in the inspired pages, that these were not ordinary men. But what has this miraculously-gifted body to do with the besotted and degraded race. of so- called priests, who succeeded them P Where are the proofs of these having re ceived the Holy Ghost P Where are their gifts of healing, and their intuitive knowledge of languages, and all the miraculous power of the Spirit, which came on the Apostles ?" "The priesthood," replied Dr. Sinclair, " does not claim more than the gifts conveyed in " Ordination;' which you are confounding with those bestowed on the day of Pentecost. The former transmits, in its holy creed, ghostly effects, authority over the souls of men, and power to remit and retain sins. After the words,' Receive ye the Holy Ghost,' follows immediately," Whose sins soever ye retain they are retained, and whose soever ye remit they are re mitted; and then, ' Lo! I am with you always, even unto the end of the world ;' plainly extending far beyond the days of the Apostles the gifts con veyed by ordination. But when the intimation is given, Luke 24 49, of thedescentof the Holy Ghost, in cloven tongues of fire, no promise of a transmis sion of these gifts is given; and, beyond the favoured ones, who' were assembled with one accord in one place,' the Pentecostal gifts extended not. And now, Miss Graham, in reply to your attack on the Church of England, that she has, in retaining a priesthood which -can only be traced through the Romish Church, attempted to carry purity safely through corruption, and that her conduct has been too temporizing to command your respect,-let me say this, that you are again confounding the actual belief of the Church with the outward demonstration of that belief ; or, in other words, her practice. The Church herself is to be judged of by her accredited and acknowledged dogmas of faith. The Church of England is corrupt in practice, and has been as much so, perhaps, as the Church of Rome; but, if you examine her articles, you will find her sound in principle. The Church of Rome was corrupt in practice long before she was corrupt in principle; and although it would be difficult to defend some of the dogmas of preceding Councils, she was not, perhaps, really schismatic till the Council of Trent. This is the date when those errors in practice, which had crept in, and, by degrees, had been vaguely admitted, received the fatal stamp of Church autho rity; and by this act of self- destruction,-listen to this, Geraldine !-the Romish Church cut herself off from the pure and Scriptural Church, and from that time became as a dead branch: while that part of the priesthood and laity who stedfastly adhered to the Apostolical model, remained, as they had ever been, the Holy Church,-the spouse of Christ. What becomes now of your assertion, that this Church, which is the Church of our favoured land, existed only through corruption P" Perhaps, Dr. Sinclair," at length replied Katlhe rine, " I had better not run the risk-of displeasing you, which I certainly must, if I give utterance to all I think." " If you can divest yourself, Miss Graham, of your accustomed tone of irreverence, which is the fault of your Presbyterian association, you may then place your objections to the Church fully before me; for it is your tone of mind, not the nature of your opinions, which is to me chiefly reprehensible." " You think, Warden, that I am of too indepen dent and fearless a turn of mind P Well! perhaps that is my tendency ; but I assure you that I am now struggling for no selfish or private rights, but for those of Protestantism, as a great whole. If I must renounce either this transmitted priesthood, this Apostolic descent, or else the Protestant Churches of Scotland, Geneva, Germany, and the respectable Dissenters of England, let me rather doubt the necessity of any distinct line of priests ; let me sup pose that every faithful expounder of God's word is priest sufficient to lead others to righteousness, and to be himself accepted of the Lord." Here the conversation was interrupted by the entrance of a servant, announcing one who was hailed with pleasure by all the party, notwithstand ing the engrossing nature of the conversation: this, was the former college friend of Dr. Sinclair, the learned and eccentric Mr. Everard. " Well! my dear friends, contagion, or none con tagion, here am I," exclaimed the old gentleman, entering with the vivacity and the spring of youth " Why, how is this P Warden of , have you been laying all your college heonours at the feet of Miss Graham, or leave the ladies been referring to you as umpire in the Paradiie of Coquettes P R~ed cheeks ! sparkhtng eyes!I wrinkled brow ! Come!I come! in plain terms, what is the matter P" " Controversy!I said Geraldine. " The devil 1" cried Mr. Everard, shutting his eyes tight, and putting a hand to cacti ear ; " give wrangling to the winds, I'll none of it ! Come and ride with me on Use open heath, for I have some thing to show and something to tell under the bright sun, that shines alike on the Jew acid Gentile. AleI my little sparkler, so you are smiling on me,"* con tiaued lee, while peeping from his still half-closed eyes at Geraldine, who, to welcome leer old friend and favourite, lhad pusheed aside her drawing table, whises she lead listened too intently. to thec conversation to make much progress in her employment, and who declared leer readiness to follow his advice, The horses were accordingly ordered to the gate, leading from the flower garden into the park, that the party might not pass through ties infected body of the thouse. " Katherine," said Geraldine, as ties servant waited for further orders. " I believe yon find the new horse too dali for you, and my uncle generally rides ties favorite grey." " What!I more diffculties between Miss Graham and ties Warden I" cried Mr. Everard. " None whatever," said the WVarden, rising and bowing to Miss Graham. "?I shall be happy to prove to my fair opponent ties difference of conces sion in material and immaterial points, and the pleasure it will give me to resign to leer thseleorse she so gracefully controls." " Thank yoee, Warden, bothe for the pretty horse, and thse pretty speech; but wheat will you ride your self P STies groo m desired .me to say, yesterday, said -ties footman, "theat ties General's black Valencla would be ties better now for exercise." " Well, then, I well try Use charger," said thee 'Warden. " Like tihs doughty churchman of old," observad Mr. Everard, " who .whsetheer in battle, or following the cheese, were ever nobly mounted." " All which magnificence well became a priest hood transmitted from those who went forth with but scrip and staff," cried Katherine Graham, as she followed Geraldine, to equip for their ride; and without waiting for the the Warden's reply,-that Smagnificence. however reprehensible in the clergy, had never been a dogma of their faith." (Tb be continued.) 