RE VIE W. (From the Tablet.) Orators of the Age : Comprising Portraits, Critical, Biographical, and Descriptive. By G. H. Francis, Esq., Editor of the "Maxims and Opinions of the Duke of Wellington." , London: G. W. Nickis son. 1847. The. greater number' of these written portraits are copied, with some imposing tbnches, from sketches printed from time to time in Frazer's Magazine. To say the least, they were worth preserving in the more compact and inter-reflective form of a distinct volume. Peel stands first among the orators, but rather from the position he has attained by other qualities than ora tory, for assuredly he cannot be held up as an example of eloquence. In the case of Lord Brougham, also, energy of character, unwearied labour, and the popular princi ples to the developement of which he de voted his early days, have had more to do with his elevation than the eloquence which he possesses, certainly, in a higher degree than Peel, but not by any means in that perfection to which Mr. Francis ascribes his power. The talking power we readily concede, and Mr. Francis himself uncon aciously substitutes that power for the power of eloquence, the lofty title with which he has first graced it. If the English as a people really admire true eloquence, it must be from the rarity of the faculty among them, and the diffll cu'ty of overcoming all those obstacles that oppose the early. attempts at public speak ing- those especially which lie in the depths of the national character-its reserve and absence of vivacity-as they make the successful attempt rare, procure for him who does speak with effect a rather over rating. Who ever heard one of our great speakers withont a feeling.of disappoint ment, whichv wore off only. by familiarity with his peculiar manners, and a conviction of his sincerity, or the possession of talents distinct from those of the orator ? It is not so much how a man speaks, as what it is he says, and who he is that says it, that an English auditory considers. Mr. Fran cis is of a different opinion, and we will quote his instance in proof, an exception, however, which only proves the rule LORD BROUGHAM. "The career of one man amongst our contemporaries, however, has shewn that eloquence has a potency as great as parch ment pedigrees; that the owner of that talisman may storm the very stronghold of the exclusives; appropriate• their rank, titles, dignities, and turn their power against themselves; while, by the agency of their own legalised formularies, he sways the supreme, and rules even the rulers. Emerging from the comparative obscurity of a provincial capital, as an advocate he talks himself into the distinction of being talked about; thence lihe talks himself into the popular branch of the legislature; where again he talks to such purpose as to become the mouthpiece of the most exclu sive section of an exclusive aristocracy : ar rived at this point, he re-appears on his old scene of' action, and talks to the people with the new sanctions and powers which his Parliamentary talking has obtained for him; he talks at dinners, he talks at me chanic's institutes; he talks to the men of the south. he talks to the men of the north ; he talks to everyone of everything, till the whole land is filled with the echo of his voice-till, with all England, nay, with all the world, for his listeners, men wonder where next he will find an audience; when, Io I suddenly, incomprehensibly, as if by magical.power, at a few more waggings of that ever-vibrating organ of h:s, the doors of the senate itself fly open, and peers of ancient lineage crowd down to welcome him to this sanctuary of noble blood, to usher him up even to the judgment.seat itself, to make him lord paramount over themselves and their proceedings, the li censer of their thoughts, and the originator of their laws ! Could the greatest tri um'phs in arms achieve much more ? The hero who has served and saved his country in the field secures a higher and more lasting fame, and a reward in the gratitude of his countrymen; but in all the external and ostensible marks.of honour, such as constituted authorities can bestow, the heaped titles of the victorious warrior ex ceed the simple nobility of the successful orator only in degree; while the influence of the one accumulates where that of the other declines-with the ascendancy of peace." The power of eloquence as such- as a power which prevails over mind, is again mistaken, it appears to us, in the following passage : POPULAR ORATORS. "Again, of late years a practice has grown up of endeavouring to force great political changes, contrary to the avowed determination of the Legislature, against even the fundamental laws of the constitu tion, by appeals from the privileged and representative bodies, not to the constituent body merely, but, beyond them, to the masses of the people, whether taking part in elections or not. This is a practice al together different from the constitutional form of holding legally convened meetings for the purpose of petitioning. These popular assemblies do not profess to express the wishes or the opinions of the people, but their absolute will. Where they are successful, they invariably resort to the system of pledges from representatives, and end by degrading the House of Commons from the high position of a deliberative assembly to that of a mere monster depu tation of delegates. The eloquent, enthu siastic, and impassioned opponenls of slavery, blinded by tile holiness of their cause to the evil effect of thlleir courses, first introduced this baneful practice, which has since been perpetuated, for very differ ent objects, by the Irish Catholic leaders, and by the Anti-Corn Law League." Was it this state of things that produced a Chatham, a Fox, a Sheridan, ora Burke ? Here is a picture of an orator: " ?sIR ROBERT PIEL. "A stranger in the House of Commons, who, having heard of Sir Robert Peel's influence there, had conceived some ideal portrait of a great orator, would assuredly be disappointed. He would observe in his speeches a want of strong reasoning on fixed principles, a lax, loose, many- sided mode of viewing the most vital questibns, and a great command of that sort of logic which takes in common minds by clever fal lacies. He would look in vain for vivid imagination or profound thought. He would find no outline of a complete scheme of policy, nor any one ruling ideal with which his own views andsolitical sympathies could associate. 'The style he would pro nounce inartiticial; not that there is no attempt at construction, but that the speech is so crowded with extraneous matter, and so many ends have to be gained by it, that a perfect plan would be impossible. He would complain of verbosity, of repetition of ideas, nay, whole asguments, in different words, and then imperfectly expressed, of a pervading pretension to something very profound which constantly falls short of ac complishment. Of the action used by the speaker he would be tempted to say that it was neither modest as becomes an unas suming reasoner, nor imposing as ought to; be the action of a great orator. He would, see at one time a pompous solemnity loading: to nothing; at another, the most trivial postures of every-day after-dinner conver tion ushdring in the most important topics.. He would notice with surprise the orator's.; elbow resting on the table before. him, while. his pointed finger shakes ominously at his opponents, and one leg is crossed over the other, the posture of a man laying down an argument to a .familiar friend; or, his thumbs buried in the pockets of his capa cious waistcoat, while his coat is thrown back ostentatiously, as some foreigners do to show their fine velvet linings; or, as is more commonly the case, his hands hidden under his coat tails, while he stands much as he might with his back to a fire-these are not exactly the positions or gestures of a great orator." The sketch is familiar as the style is homely, but it is true. Mr. Francis is, indeed, more au fait at these off- hand sketches of externals than in the critical estimate of eloquence. "LORD JOHN RUSSELL. " His sentences are frequently so con structed as to possess both force and beauty ; yet, from the careless adoption of. loose, conventional, conversational forms ofspeech, they at first sight appear clumsy and feeble. A speaker who ushers in some fine philoso phical maxim, some concentration of politi cal thought, which is perhaps to become the watchword of party for the season, and to excite the serious criticism of observant men- lie who, having matter to utter of this high order, having already clothed the idea mentally in the most elegant, pointed, or antithetical form of words, introduces it with a " Well, then, I say, Sir," hem-ing, and ha-ing, and hesitating, like a school boy on examination-day, deserves his late, while wilfillly provoking it, if careless and unobservant listeners,. judging only from superficial inaccuracies of speech, and com paring them with the choice 'and elegant diction of a i acaulay or a Sheil, or the pure correctness of a Stanley, set him down as a clumsy and imperfect speaker, one whom fortune, the chance of high birth, not original merit, has placed in his present exalted position. Yetso it is. Lord John Russell will give utterance to sentences worthy, both for the idei and the language, of being embalmed among the remarkable sayings of distinguished men; but he will preface them, and, perhaps, follows them up, with the common chit-chat verbiage of a gossip's tale CIIEERING. ,," * * Wait a little, a cheer comes from around him; it bears in it the effeminate laugh of M r. Ward, the deep bassoon note of Mr. Warburton, the shrill scream of Mr. Sheil, the loud hearty shout of Mr. Wakley, and the delighted chorus of the Radicals and manufacturers. Nay, even on the op posite side, the " point" has not been without its effect, as many a suppressed titter testi fies. All the level commonplace, it seems, was but the stringing of the bow; at the moment when least expected, the cool, prepared marksman has shot his arrow of keen and polished sarcasm at Sir Robert Peel, whom it has fleshed, if not transfixed. MR. lMACAULAY. We cannot resist the temptation, though the extract is a long one, of copying -a passage descriptive of Mr. Macauley's out ward manner and appearance. We can scarcely find room for it, and must not pro ceed further with the other Orators. The specimens we have given of Mr. Francis's style are abundantly sufficient; the Essay on the Duke of Wellington, and that which undertakes to describe Mr. Sheil, are espe,. cially worthy of notice, and indeed as ai introduction to the history of public men and public affairs of the day, the book may be commended for its general impartiality except in one glaring instance. Whenever the name of O'Connell is mentioned, it is attempted to sink his pre- eminence bycom parison with one, or crowding him with several contemporaries. This is rather the evidence of an internal feeling of dislike, than a voluntary effort to avoid giving an estimate of powers above the criticism of the writer. But what is to be thought of one who sets forth an ostentatious judg ment of the leading public nimen-the ora tors of the day, and wholly omits the claims of.O'Connell? . It may be argued that as contrast or comparison with O'Connell is a test of the merits of each author, the whole book is devoted to a negative estimate of his powers, but the better apology woult be, that having devoted one volume to the others, a second was engaging the mind of 'Mr. Francis, one volumecritically dedicated to the orator of Ithe day. .But we return to Mr. Mlacaulay- " Admirable as Mr. Macaulay's speeches are on paper, his delivery of them altoge ther belies that' reputation which they are calculated to obtain for him. It is, per Imhaps, heightened expectation which causes the deep disappointment one feels on hoar ing him for the first time; or it may be, that hIis defects of manner and style would not be observed were the matter he utters of an inferior order. Whatever the.cause, the spell is in a great measure broken. Nature has not gjfted him, either in voice or.in person, with those attributes of the orator which help to fascinate and kindlcapopular assembly. With such a voice and aspect as Lord Deilman, howi iiifinitely greater would be the effect on his audience- of his undoubted intellectual pbwer. Mir. ?nac= aulay, in his personal appearance, and in the material or physical part of his oratory, contradicts.altogether the ideal portrait one has formed 'on reading his speeches. Every man would of oqurse, hby i is own especial hallucination; but' th9ýcliances are ten to one that the majority' 'vould have associated with his subject every physical attribute of /the intelleotual--investigating him in ima '-gination?with a noble andtdignifiedpresence -anrd especially with a'voice fit to give utterance to those fine passages of declama tion with which his speeches abound. Thoi contrast of the reality, is in many respects, striking. Nature has: grudged Mr. Maec auley height and fine proportion, and his voice is one of the most monotonous and least agreeable which usually belong to ourcoun trymen north of the Tweed-a voice well adapted to give utterance with precision to the conclusions of the intellect, but in no way naturally formed to express feeling or passion. Mr. IMacaulay is short in stature, round, and with a growing tendency to aldermanic disproportions. His head has the same rotundity as his body, and seems stuck on it as firmly as a pin-head. This is nearly the sum of his personal defects; all else, except the voice, is certainly in his favour. His face_ seems literally instinct with expression; the eye above all, full of deep thought and meaning. As he walks, or rather struggles, through the street, he seems as if in a state of total abstraction, unmindful of all that is going on around him, and totally occupied with his own working mind. You cannot help thinking that literature with him is not a mere pr fessi:n or pursuit, but that it halr f grown a part of himself, as tl~ý istori cal problems or analytical sý ý -s were a part of his daily and regular MItellectual food. " In the House of Commons the same abstraction is still his chief characteristic. He enters the HIotise with a certain pole star to guide him. Seated, he folds his arms and sits in silence, seldom speaking to his colleagues, or appearing to notice what is going forward. If he has prepared him self for a speech, it will be remarked that he comes down much earlier than usual, being very much addicted to speaking be fore the dinner hour, when of course, his memory would be more likely to serve him than at a later hour, after having endured for hours the hot atmosphere of the II ouse, and the disturbing influencee of an animated debate. It is observable, too, that on such occasions, a greater number of members than usual may be seen loitering about the Hlouse. An opening is made in the dis cussi(;n, and he rises, or rather darts up from his seat, plunging at once into the very heart of his subject, without exordium or apologetic preface., In fact, you have for a few seconds heard a voice, pitched in alto, monotonous, and rather shrill, pour ing forth words with inconceivable velocity ere you have become aware that a new speaker, and one of no common order, has broken upon the debate. A few seconds more, and cheers, perhaps from' all parts of the House, rouse you completely from your apathy, compelling you to follow that ex tremely voluble and not very enticing voice in its rapid course through the subject on which the speaker is entering with a reso lute determination, as it seems, never to pause. You think of an express train which does not stop even at the chief stations. On, on he speeds, in full reliance on his own momentum, never stopping for thought -never halting for an instant, even to take breath, his intellect gathering new vigour as it proceeds, hauling the subject after him, with all its possible attributes and illustra tions, with the strength of a giant, leaving a line of light on the pathway his mind has trod, till unexhausted, and apparently inex haustible, he brings this remarkable effort to a close- by a peroration so highly sus tained in its declamatory power, so abound ing in illustration, so admirably framed to crown and clench the whole oration, that suprise, if it has even begun to wear off, kindles anew, and the hearer is left utterly prostrate and powerless by the whirlwind of ideas and emotions that has swept-over him. ANECDOTE oF O'CONNELL'S UNCLE. Descending again by another path you discover at the foot of the rocks a simple rural sent, overhung by thle trees, and with the flower-garden lying displayed at your feet. This seat used to be the favourite resort of the uncle of Mr. O'Conncll, from whom he inhersted Derrynane. This old gentlemnan, who seems to lihave been a man of both powerful physical frame and lofty moral character, lived to within one year ofa hundred. He was for some years blind before his decease, and delighted to sit here, where, beneath the fresh canopy of trees and rocks, 'he could hear the distant sounds of the sea. Tihat sound, so full of majesty, seemed not only to soothe him, but to bring, as it were, a visible percep tion' of the scenes around, in which it made so grand a figure, and to call up the vivid acts and images of his past life. 'I'There was no fear of death in his strong and preserved mind, said Mr. O'Connell, one day as we passed tlhis place. " In front of this seat, at some distance, grow a splendid. ash tree. Once, having sat for some time as in deep thought, be said, 'Daniel I have a favour to ask of you.' 'Of me, uncle. Whlritcan that be ?' ' Measure me the girth of that tree." I did so, and told him what it was. 'I thought so,' he said. 'I thought it was as large as that. The favour I would ask, Daniel, is that that tree may now be felled.' ' May be felled? What the tree you have te always seemed -to take such pleasure in?' v ' Yes, I wouldjiave it cut down.' 'Then, k certainly, letgit be cut down. There is no n occasion to ask the permission of me.' I 'Yes, as this place will be yours, I would r not do anything without consulting you. I I thank you for giving me leave to fell this tree, and I will tell you for what purpose I v would fell it. It is to make my coffin of its wood. I have for some time thought it I would be large enough, iiid I now find it I is. Send for the carpenter.' The carpen tor was sent for. Nw,-.jpenter,' he said addressing him, '-I w~ nt you to make my coffin. You must cut down,.that ash. t Saw it up into boards of an inch and a quarter thick, and of twenty-two inches deep. The entire boards will be large enough both for that and for the bottom and lid of a suitable proportion. As for the length, what do you think it should be ? The carpenter, running his eye over the fine old man and considering in himself for some time, replied, ' I should say seven feet, your honour.' 'Seven feet I Why I never stood more than six feet three. Age has something decreased my height, but death, I know, will stretch me out again to a certain degree; but, seven feet! why, that is the proportion for a giant. Let it be six feet five.' With this the old gentle man dismissed the man and the subject. The tree was felled.; the boards sawn. and seasoned; and the coffin made according to his directions."-Tait's Magazine. A POETICAL DESPATCH.-Mr. Falck, the Dutch minis, having made a one sided propos l? t admission of Eng lish shias j? hich a considerable advan have accrued to Holland, a long - Ord tedious negotiation ensued. It was dragged on, month after month, without arriving one step nearer to a consummation, the Dutch still holding out for their own interests. At last Mr. Canring's patience was exhausted. Sir Charles Bagot, our ambassador at the Hague was one day at tending at court, when a despatch in cypher was hastily put into his hand. It was very short, and evidelitly very urgent; but un fortunately Sir Charles, not expecting such a communication, had not the key of the cypher with him: An interval of intense anxiety followed, until he obtained the key when to his infinite astonishment, he decy phered the Ibllowing despatch from the secretary of state for foreign affairs : .In matters.of commerce, the fault oofhe Dutch 1s giving too little and takigi'to mnuch; With equal advantage the French are content, So we'll clap on Dutch bottoms a twenty per cent; Twenty per cent, Twenty per cent. Nous frapperons Falck with twenty per cent. GEORGE CANNING. The minister .kept his word. While this singular despatch was on its way to the Hague, an order in council was issued to put into effect the intention it announced. -Bell's Life of Canning. INCIDENTS IN TIIE Lirea oF A SOLDIER. Sergeant Wilson, late of the Grenadier Guards, who had for many years been a resident in Canterbury, and whose death is recorded in our obituary, often amused his friends by recounting the perils of his past career. He had been all through the Peninsular war with the Duke of Wellington, and was in the final struggle at Waterloo, where he was miraculously preserved from' death by his breastplate. It was on the afternoon of the 18th that his regiment formed a square, to receive Buonaparte's grand charge of cavalry. As they advanced they fired a volley, which killed his right hand man, named Swaffer (to whom he was giving a piece of tobacco), and he, Wilson, received a ball, on his breastplate, and so great was the shock that he was stunned, and fell down senseless. When he came to, he found his regiment had retired, so he crept under one of the enemy's horses, which sheltered him from the fire of the French. Presently his regiment returned to its former position, when he crawled into the square. The officer in command then told him to go to the rear, and make the best of his way to Brussels: he then started off through the forest, but so stiff from the blow of the ball,. which doubled the breastplate completely up, the ball re maining in it, that he .could scarcely walk. About the iniddleofgthe night he came up with a Prussian picquet, refreshing them selves with some roasted ducks, when a scene so ludicrous occurred, that the worthy ser geant told the writer of this notice he should have laughed heartily, but for being in such pain from the blow. He could not under stand them; nor theyhim; andseeinghim walk, supposing he was all right, asked him how the battle fared, by motions, &c.; but the sergeant had so much ammunition in his pouch that he wanted taken out, and also the knapsack off his back, before he deigned to supply any news. They- not understanding his motions .towards his pouch, thought he was hungry, and offered him a fine duck, just roasted, but he shook his head, and they chattered'away, no doubt thinking he was mad; at last, by a despe rate effort, he made signs and groaned; and lifted the top of the pouch up, which they then quickly emptied, and filled their own pouches, having shot all theirs away, Wilson then managed to eat as fast as they fed him. He then went on to Brussele, where he arrived the following afternoon about three o'clock; when two kind ladies took him into their house, nursed, and gave him restoratives, &c.;, till lhe recovered. He then joined his regiment at Paris, and after a few more years' service he was discharged with a pension, and having married poor Swaffcr's widow (who was in an orchard at the time of the battle, close by), he came to live at Canterbury, where his delight was to relate the above incident, and show his visitors the breastplate and ball, which hie kept suspended over his mantel-piece. It may be as well perhaps to relate that poor S waffer's son who was then an infant, is now postmaster in a thriving town in South Australia.-Dover Telegraph. A PosEn.-As a worthy and well-known waterman of Kendal, some time ago, was driving his "tit," with a cargo of teetotal beverage at his tail, poor Rosinante (who had long been "wearing awa,") dropped down and qgietly gave up the ghost. The astonished waterman, eyeing his prostrqte steed, ruefully' exclaimed-" Well, it caps owt ;-it never played this trick afwore !" A Mr. 'Banvard has been exhibiting ir Boston a panorama of the Mississippi, whihel covers three miles of canvass, and occupies six hours in unrclliingbefore the eye of the spectator. TNTELLIGBNT OvE6SEER.-The overseerp of the parish. of E--, Lancashire, made the following elaborately-writtenf return, which is well worthy a niche in the British Museum :--Wothe overseers of E--- hove seen and now that Jonathan R--- is left a widew with for childeren the ouldest oof seven yeer the forth son drives.Plqw at a neabering farm and wen at work recave 9d. per Doy." The following original notice was received daring the, last week by a gentleman resi dent- at Gringley-on-the-Hill, from one of his neighbours : -" Aug. .31, 1846.- Grinley-Sir, this is to giv you noetis that I discarge you for shooting or corsing or sperting in any way upon lands that I oc cupation. The following notice is placed on premises in the parish of Wplcot:--Who, EvRR, is FouNv, Tres Passing. On, These Primme sses, Will, Be Prosecuted. 