PUNCH. THE ST. STEPHEN'S STEEPLECHASE. A grand heat was run in the House of Commons on the day of the opening of Parliament. The number that started is not exactly known, but there was a strong muster in the field, every one of whom was in good condition. The distance to be run was from Canning's Statue to the seat of the leader of the Opposition on the left of the St. Stephen's training-ground. Upper Benjamin (Disraeli) took the lead, but Sancho Panza (Borthwick) was close upon his heels. They were followed by Bath Brick (Roebuck), and Brazennose (Inglis), Bumpkin (Bankes), Grimaldi (Sibthorpe), and others of a like breed, who soon broke down, for want of mettle. At this point, The Hope of the Country (Bentinck), came out very strong, but at the corner the Manchester Pet (Lincoln), who had been hitherto in the rear, made a rush, and passed the Hope of the Country with the greatest ease. After this he had the running all to himself, free cleared the different benches in the most masterly style, and, jumping over all the forms of the House without once stumbling, he reached the seat amid the cheers of his backers, and was declared the winner. The value of the prize is not yet known. Some say the stakes will be forfeited, as the Manchester Pet did not start fairly, whilst others maintain that he was not entered properly. We give the order of the high-mettled steeds as they came in The Manchester Pet. 1 The Hope of the Country. , 2, Grimaldi. 3 Upper Benjamin. 4 Won cleverly by several full lengths. Slow Coach (Hudson) did not come in till half an hour afterwards. It was whispered at Bellamy's, that Lord George intended to challenge the winner in a few days, as he had made up his books purposely to go in and win. The last betting was 50 to 1 against him, freely taken. " BUBBLES BUBBLES, TOIL AND TRouBLE." It has been discovered that there are springs which throw up boiling ponds in all parts of New Zealand. When Nature performs such freaks as these, who can be suprised at the inhabitants of New Zealand being always in hot water P F A TOSER. As a worthy and well-known waterman of Kendal, some time ago, was driving his " fit," with a cargo of teetotal beverage at his, tail, poor Rosinante (who had long been " wearing away," dropped down and quietly gave up the ghost. The astonished waterman, eyeing his prostrate steed, ruefully exclaimed-" Well, it caps out it never played this trick aware THE MORETON BAY COURIER is published every Saturday morning. The terms of subscription) are 10s. per quarter, payable in advance : the quarters ending 30th September, 31st December ber, 31st March, and 30th June, in each year respectively. Each advertisement will be charged at the rate of three shillings an inch, and one shilling for every additional inch, each. insertion, The number of insertions must be specified on each advertisement, or they will be continued until countermanded by a written notice. ?mirima-«tam Printed and Published by the Proprietor, ARTHUR. SIDNEY LYON, at the General Printing Office,, Albert-street, North Brisbane, in the Colony of New South Wales. Orders and communications, (in all cases pre-paid) to be addressed to the. Proprietor. 