MEWS PROM THU INTERIOR. (From'our Córrupondmt.J PARK A M ATTA. \- - £xiÍIBmOK OF TUB F^fB. AsTfli1 Blated, on-Thursday last, ^ann has-beerî since' most numerously attended, "and" "from, the opinions Icxprcsscd by. the visitors, thoyhayo been both surprised and delighted.' Master, the Rev. J. Walker, and thc : in which it has been adapted for the purpose it is now employed in confers credit on the par- ties charged with tho performance of the task.' '? .The pointings, (oil and water, colour)', crayon, pen and ink drawings, and engravings, number, about 400 i of these something'like an eighth are portraits, : nmc-tcnths bf which being of parties' unknown "beyond the inime diato circle, of .their families and' friends,' th ero does certainly appear' something like vanity in their occupying so.'much as they do of a circumscribed space, lins, however,- was perhaps- unavoidable, as it was not believed when thc appeal was made for ' thc < loan 1 of paintings to get up an exhibition for the benefit of the Benevolent Asylum, as the;pro- ceeds ore to be handed over to this institution, that this call,' one having-a double effect, thc advancement of thc arts in New South ' Wales, ! and. thc exercise of charity, would have been so liberally and extensively responded to as it has been, pictures and works ot art having been sent to the Committee-in some instances from long distances. There are, however,- several portraits, which it is gratifying to see, as tho originals wore in their lives patt and parcel of the history bf the colony. Among these, por- traits of thc late Thomas Moore, of Liverpool,' the late Bcvl Samuel Marsden, the1 late Mr.. Oakes, the late judge Reid, and Sir Thomas Brisbane. And while noticing those bf the psst days of this land, attention may be "called to a portrait'of: one of the mother great men, Brindley, ' the father of internal navigation,: and which hos been lent to the exhibition by his grandson, Brindley Bet-: tUThe greater .portion of the portraits of the living unknown are by ' Griffith, and are it must'bo' admitted* admirable likenesses, "but jndging-from' spécimens bf-?this artist's, talent shown iii bthertworks thin copies : of. <" the h lim ah face divine.;" it is-to be regretted that his ability ia not more honourably.' omployed. Griffith has a sketch of the celebrated Mr. Withers : it is perfect, it (slmost) " lives and breathes every mch'í/v^thers.í.,. -y - (. . In making f&e; bba^rvijtiona'uiat have* boen nudo respecting thal extraordinary number bf portraits; it must not be supposed that in tins censure'ono or two frÄÜy groups,. or some copies of female;: .'beauty, Tiro"' included; their- loveliness, ? supposing, of course-ythe Originals have . been - honestly transcribed to tho canvas, forbids even a harsh lino on tiîeir presence'in tile exjúbition, 'and attention may particularly bc called io Nb. 28 in tho catalogue, .Portrait of a. Child, artist unknown. It is. a picture that can bo again and* again gazed upon with deUght/firorh ita beauty. There ore some rare works of groat masters, vlz;,-No. ll. Landscape and.Cow, by Adrian Vandervclde. No. 12. A Portrait, by Solomon Kouningh. No. 103. Tho Philosopher, by Rembrandt. No\ 218. Portrait, by Landseer. Nos. 244. A Laboratory. 284 and 28fi. The Fisherman and the Poulterer," by Terners. No. 240\. A Bead; by Vandyke; " No. 2Í3. Land ícopo, by Morland. And No'. 241. Cattle, by Cuyp. A careful inspection bf the foregoing, uid testing them by 010' known characteristics jf each' of these several artists; induces the jelief that they aro aU originals'. ' . Th PTA sf'MO"*« priBB p^thréáf "among, the cpl ectioh, "No. 26. Tho Recusante, by J. C> Brown, and 288. Match Yendêri on Tramp.^by Cuko^ oï "Manchester; hfllbT- distinguished ixtista;-a»-!» also si.painting by Runeimarj, vo'. i27, from màôk&j;^& ïoWîng. ; The collection is rather rich in^ianaac* Yoe. 14/1«, and,!?; VureTytheTsTn of Wi [«eh: Xs^rmsy aaX^^lfin*'-***' I iuuibeiasl- 36fr, call^. noto, aa.doy most cape-, ruOlyao, twwby*B^jco^-^iiyfi*;and .Ûo, "d ïo. 40, Wièw.rftBydro Hatbptof^;WoolJ [ »mooloo, « oppy, .by uq^j^KSK^H iTíMaxten*,; also ,in: .tbi^exhfa^^ ^.oopy is auperior to th*, original; the sot) in i he- distance, iáthñfi^r'm^*»,fi{ ?>*{.' ír morejiatuTai, t»nect;pOTpecti».o ban &' tba latter. A sépU -drtvAlg J' tallai-Head, No. 30!, by tho sams artist J lau! and thc Witch ofEudor raising the.Ghost if; Samuel, No. 287, atrjst unknown ; likewise 'csS^«ttantion being called to them, . 'There are a great inany " spécimens'of ama- gur labours in the exhibition,-'all of which are. xeditablo productions.' 'Taking the, artíata^in: he order, m which; their names occur in- the catalogue, Mr. Wickham has contributed six-; hey aro copies^ut.such copies as show'taste. ii copy after Vandyke, and of Launce's lee-' :ure (from the- Comedy bf Errors) to his Dog, ire very good. :No. 46 a¿id46,thoTempleaof Elope and Bacchus at Rome, artist unknown'; No. 67,' Tho Benediction ; No. H4, Heed of Rubens, by a Lady ; No. 262, a Chalk Drawing sf a Head by Miss Stuart ; may all bc regarded irith pleasure. Mr. Tebbutt has four pretty pic- tures, one of which (Thc. Lady Baffles sunk siter Burning in Sydney Core) ia avery pretty ipecimen of arti Mr. and ' Miss -Rowling have ?ix works.. ^Mr, Sparkes three landscapcs-^-one a view of Rochester/ true to nature. If it bo allowable to offer advice to someof thc amateurs,' we -would recommend them to leave off making copies, they have stuff within thom which it is opined could do something original. < | Iii the foregoing enumeration fourteen pieces J by the Misses Havens ought ' to. have been' placed; but if we mistake not, these young.I ladles' abQities.wcre noticed at rho timo of the Sydney exhibition ; it is unnecessary hero to do more than mention their presence. i There are several paintings of still life.1 -No! Ijí9. Bacon and Cauliflower, artist unknown, is a gem: J Proceeding next to the engravings. A col- lection lent-by Dr. 'Hill' may. : with confidence be stated to be one that no person out of (and perhaps but few thexol l^gland possesses. It. includes thc whole of thc pablicntions of itho Scottish;. Art Union, .and .other , celebrated, prints-proofs before letters. In, support .of-tho. assertion of the merit of. the .odlfedfioa. it is only accessary .to menlion-ihat it- numbers AHjenV Covenanters; Heroism-and ' Humanity ; ,Sir Walter Scott in his Study j thc '. Slave Maiket' at .Constantinople;.Duncan's Prince. Charles hiding- after Culloden, and the.Prince's en-*' trance, into -Edinburgh after tho Battler, of Preston!, : The samo ortiat'sadmiisTue portrait* bf the late Dr. Chalmers, Scott ; Làudct s Glee Maiden, -ItalianGoathcrdsi Ruth^Wffldc'aChel 'sea Pensioners reading the GtuitU ofter theBat .tlc;Of Waterloo, John Knox Preaching, and the Penny Wedding. And hero, as' being in ' the same collection, ore two splendid specimens' of art ia portraits, by the-Doctor's brother, the celebrated landscape painter, D. O.HUL of the Doctor ¿nd his Lady. A collection of the Car- toons, Raffaello's gi cry and England's boast, in their possession, also demand attention ; .a fine print of Ycmot's .Adieux de Fontainebleau, I and a sweet subject admirably-, engraved, of Benevolence, must not bc passed aver.. Our limits do not allow us to make a catalogue of thc pria ts, but for threehowever^ the RuínedGame ster, thc Daughter, and the Wife, aline must be spared. There is also another which it would bo unfair1 not to notice; "A collection of the whole of thc works of Sir .Christopher ..'Wren, byCocherill; it is an admirable composition, and ought to bo in thc sCudÍo¿of ;every.-- sxohi tcct. Of course among ao large a number oj engravings 'and. prints as are here, there-arc aome very mediocre ones. . "We come now to tho works bf feminine hands, ' specimens of embroidery. 346. An embroidered chair, the work of Mrs. F; Oakes, is truly magnificent; the labour employed on it must have, been immense, it requires to bc seen to be appreciated. .The lair, worker has placed on it a. value of £20, a high price, bu) inadequate, and tho anm realised to be given Lq tho "Society. Miss Staffs embroidery of the Interior of St. John's Church, was noticed in this journal'some time, since. There aro up- wards,.of, a doten specimens of embroidery. Two pieces by Mrs. Captain Smith ; 'the Cot- tage Girl, by Miss- Phillips ; Sheltered Pea- sants, by Miss Mocmanus; Shakspcarej bj Miss Howell; 'Joseph mtroduc^iftt'.Jacob tc Pharaoh, by >fi" M.; and tho YUlagf Maicl, by-Miss'-E. .Thorne; and No..^,!!) Miss Bridges,*all show .that tho young ladies 'of Parramatta arc nullê secundus the descrip- tion of feminine art. There is one specimen: however, that had better have been" out of thi 'exhibition, and it. would hp^e been aa weU'i: /aov'ertising a ladies' seminary as being the scene of the workmanship of some.of tho.pieces : il borders too' much oñ" Sneajdsm.** In tho miscellnncoSis.collection No. 20, de- scribed'os St. Pcter's^'atKbmo, is'asingulai work.. Thc ground inapparently vellum, and 'thc architecture 'is brought r ont ' by strip! of black and gold-papa'pasted on it-th< effectia.veryrpretty,' There is-a large gather- ing of the.- birds--and.reptiles of New South Wales, all well-set up; and one most laughable case, a monkey as. a cobbler ; thc stall com- plete in hoofs and shoes, .and the usual " kit.' Engravings of the shield given to the hero of a. hundred fights. Chinese paintings enc :swords ; head and biher; dresses and' warliki implements of the Feegeans and other Islanders rice paintings ; a model of a wigwam ; a young sea horse caught outside Sydney-Heads ; i colonial cocoanut found on Liverpool Plains 'the Burmese god Buddha ; and lasty though not least, some waxwork 'flowers, ó small' casi of which hy. ÏJiss_Drivér ow'perfection, com plctc the collection. The exhibition it will therefore be seen-pre sent» attractions for both young and-old, ant -for all tastes, and in concluding our 'report, wi cannot, after congratulating thc promoters o tho exhibition on thc admirable manner ii which they have got it 'up, do better than ad' 