PAPAL ARROGANCE. Gentlemen — Seeing that you have thought it proper to give publicity to a portion of an eloquent sermon of Doctor Backhaus, in which he invites Protestants to come to the fountain head of Romish doctrines, viz., the Catholic clergy, to be rightly instructed about the doctrines of the Church of Rome, and undeceived from the errors instilled into their minds by ignorant or calumnious teachers respecting the Catholic creed, I think it behoves us (Protestant ministers) to prove that we do not deceive or misinstruct our people, by telling them that the Church of Rome has indeed grossly de- viated from the doctrine and constitution of the Apostolic Church, and that she on that account does not deserve that sacred name which she arro- gates exclusively to herself; and since you have opened the columns of your instructive paper to Dr Backhaus's invitation to come to the fountain head, you will undoubtedly not close them to us to follow his advice, and direct ourselves and our Protestant people to it, viz., the Pope and his doctrines, by setting before them (as much as a paper not intended for religious discussions will admit) a few instances of the true character and spirit of the Church of Rome, as a warning against being misled into the most perilous errors ; and in leaving it to others to contribute their respective share towards opening the eyes of the Protestant public respecting the true doctrines of the Romish Church, we shall content ourselves to lay before them the subsequent quotations from that valuable work, "The Signs of the Times," by the Rev. Alexander Keith, second edit., vol. i., and add a few observations on the unapostolic constitution of the Church of Rome, comparing her with the true constitution or the Primitive Church, as revealed in the written Word of God. I am, Gentlemen, Yours obediently, A. Kavel, Evangelical Lutheran Minister, Hahndorf, Nov. 29, 1847. ' 1. As darkness deepened over Christendom, the Papacy became the more exalted on its black but lofty throne. In the ninth century, Pope Nicholas maintained that he was not liable to the judgment of any man.'* ' Pope John VIII claimed the obedience of princes as his due, and threatened them with excommunication"† "In the eleventh century Leo IX sanctioned the opinion, that it is very unbecoming (valde indignum) that those should be subject to an earthly empire whom the Divine Majesty has set over an hea- venly."‡ "He defended alike the spiritual authority and the temporal sovereignty of the Popes." Gregory VII "thundered out a terrible excommunication against the Emperor Henry IV, in which he anathematized him and all his adherents ; declared him to have forfeited the kingdoms of Germany and Italy, together with all regal dignity ; for- bade all Christians to obey him ; bestowed the kingdom of Germany on Radulphus, elected by the Princes of Germany ; and finally exhorted all of them to take up arms against Henry, and to divest him of his dominions."|| "The re- cords of that age supply abundant proof how he exalted and magnified himself, and what marvellous things he spoke against the Most High, having a still more worthy example than the sword of the Gregories, which his successors failed not to imitate." In addressing the Council of Rome, held in the year 1080, in reference to the excommunication and de- position of Henry, he said, ' Go to, therefore, most holy Princes of the Apostles, and what I said, by interposing your authority confirm, that all men may now at length under stand, if ye can bind and loose in Heaven, that on earth also ye can take away and give empires, kingdoms, and whatever mortals can have : for if ye can judge things belonging unto God, what is to be deemed concerning these inferior and profane things ? And, if it is your part to judge angels, who govern proud princes, what does it become you to do towards their servants ? Let kings vow, and all secular princes, learn now by this man's example, what ye can do in Heaven and in what esteem ye are with God; and let them henceforth fear to slight the commands of holy Church, but put forth suddenly this judgment, that all men may understand that, not casually, but by your means, this son of iniquity does fall from his kingdom.'} In the same style of blasphemous gasconade, which no language used on earth, except that of his succes- sors, ever overmatched, the sentence of deposition runs thus : — ' For the dignity and defence of God's holy Church, in the name of Almighty God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I depose from imperial and royal administration King Henry, son of Henry, some time Emperor, who too boldly and rashly hath laid hands on thy Church ; and I absolve all Christians subject to the empire from that oath, whereby they were wont to plight their faith to true kings; for it is right that he should be bereft of all honour, who is the cause of derogating from the majesty of die Church.'¶ ' The quarrels that broke out between the Popes and the Emperors caused very great commotions and disorders in the Western Empire. During these commotions the Popes took occasion to establish their temporal sovereignty in Rome, and endeavoured to make themselves independent of the Em perors. Gregory VII extended his pretensions still farther, and used his utmost efforts to persuade the world that he was rightful sovereign of the whole universe, as well in civil as ecclesiastical affairs.'** " In the twelfth century, the Popes established their so vereignty at Rome and their independence of the Emperor, and even assumed to themselves the right of conferring the imperial crown. They extended their jurisdiction and au- thority over the churches further than they had hitherto done, and met with much less opposition in their attempt than in former times. The most part of the Councils were called either by them or by their legates, and they were the authors of the Constitutions that were made therein, and to which the Bishops did scarce anything else than to give their con sent. Appeals to the Pope in all sorts of cases, and in favour of all sorts of persons, were become so frequent, that no affair was transacted the determining of which was not im- mediately referred to the court of Rome.'†† Pope Innocent III, in the thirteenth century, maintained, that the difference was as great between popes and kings, as between the sun and moon. Acting on that creed, he disposed, in Asia and Europe, of crowns and sceptres with the most wanton ambition. For Asia he gave a king to the Armenians. For Europe, he raised to royalty and consti tuted as kings, the Dukes of Bohemia, of Bulgaria, and Wallachia, and also of Arragon. He crowned, in 1209, the Emperor Otho IV. but afterwards denounced him as a rebel again; the Holy See, anathemised and deposed him, and in 1212. raised the more compliant Frederic II to the im perial throne. For England too he did according to his will. After the regular election by the convent and continuation by the king of an Archbishop of Canterbury, the authority of the Pope was interposed ; and he gave his mandate to the monks, with whom the election lay, to make choice of Lanton, and consecrated him to the office. The convent was obsequious, but the king would not obey; and the kingdom was threatened with an interdict. For reluctant submission to an authority greater even in England than his own, the King, John, consented to undo his own act, and to confirm the election of the nominee of the Pope ; but preserving some show of regard to the rights of royalty, he protested that he should not be held as thereby abandoning or infringing the prerogatives of the crown. Unconditional acquiescence could alone satisfy the Pope ; and any defence of bis rights on the part of the king, was deemed a daring and unpardonable opposition to the Papal will. An inter- dict was laid upon the kingdom. The churches were shut, the public worship of God was prohibited, because the Pope was offended. The dead were not laid in consecrated ground, but were buried in the highways. And the nation lay tor three years under the interdiction of religious privi leges. When the interdict proved unavailing, other means were tried to bring the refractory king to submission, and the throne of England was shaken by the thunders of the Vatican. Sentence of excommunication was denounced against John. A bull was issued absolving all his subjects from their oaths of allegiance, and all intercourse with him -wan forbidden on pain of excommunication. The right of reigning was held abrogated, when kings would not obey * Du Pio, tol. viii,p.9». † Epist.-42, 119, 315: Vide ibid., pp. 1SI, 182, 188. Baron. Anno 573. ‡ Ep. I. xii. || Da Pin, vol. ix, p. 45. §. Plat, in Greg. VII Cone ttom.Tapud Bin. torn. 7 p. 491. ¶ Plat, in Greg. VII Bom. 3,p; 484. See Barrow on the Pope's Supremacy, voL ii, p. 542. ** DuPin.vol, x, p.]26. †† Ibid., vol. ix, p. 117. the vicegerent of Him. by whom they reigned; the throne of England was pronounced vacant, and all Christian princes were exhorted to dispossess the heretic of his kingdom. A legate of the Pope arrived in England, and induced the King, as the only means of saving his dominion*, to place them under the protection of the Roman See. ' He did homage to Innocent, resigned his crown to the legate, and received it again as a gilt from the See of Rome, to which he rendered his kingdom tributary, and swore fealty as a vassal and feudatory.' The legate retained posses- sion for five days of the crown and of the sceptre ; and in the proud and domineering spirit of his master, trampled under his feet the money which, in token of vassalage was submissively given him by the king. Innocent III, who thus exulted himself above the monarchs of the earth, over- looking more apposite predictions, applied to the Roman Pontiff the word of the Lord by Jeremiah 1.10, "See, I have set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, and to build, and to plant.' Innocent IV held the einpeior Frederic II as his vu.-«al, and in viitue of his occupying the place and «utln rity of Jesus Cluisr, bereaved the monarch of all honor and tiigniiy, absolved for ever all who were bound by oath to yield him obedience, and tiansmuting an act of srtorn fidelity into an unpardonable crime, excommunicated all, who would aid him as thier monarch.* Pope Bomfiace VIII reached the summit of pupul urroiianry towards the close of tbe thirteenth century, and declared himself to be *' King of kings, monarch of munarebs, uud suit* lord and governor tn-th in spirituals uiid leu.t-oials.' The Pope ex tiled and magnified hiihself uliove all. And every ? ode on eirtu is outri vailed by the t^non Law, :n which this decree hy Iiouifece is extant — ' We declare. Httsert, define und pro nounce, that it es--e.nliuUy necessary to salvation fur every human creative to besuhjtct lo th* Human Pontiff. He w-is to do i;i all things according tu Ins wid, uud claimed to himself a double sword — ttie dominion of the Church und jurisdiction over all temporal authorities. One sword, says Boniface, ''must be subservient to another ; and the tempotal authority must be subject to the spiritual.' The lime was, and long did it continue, when the authority of the Pope and of tin; Church was not -i it empty name, nor an idle jest, hut the dreuil ot monarchs, the death of martyrs, and the bun oi kingdoms. The rise of Papacy was marked und promoted by a.l deceivu bleiiess of unrighteousness ; and tbe gradual assumption and extension of its power may thus be traced through many ages, till the bue recitul oi a few of the most prominent events becomes wemisome und painful. The mystery of iniquity wai long at work ere the hi- rarcny of Rome Mas exdlted to its height, Uut no sooner b.id it reached tlnit Inch elevation, than the priest's h.iud was truly raised above bo in the royal diadem and the imperial crown. The head of i hat Churcii, which vindicates tbe tenet that the end juatijits the tneans, was as unsparing in the exercise of power, as un scrupulous in regard to the mode of its attainment. The minds of men, throughout many nations, were spell bound by a strung delusion to believe a lie. Aud in traversing the dark ages of Pupal domination, it is painful to behold how the human inintl was piostroted by superstitious fears, uud huw'.be nominal successor of an apostle of the Loid Jesus ^brist, the light ot tbe world, ruled only to deepen the gnounce by which their own power was upheld. In addition to the preceding extracts from the Canon* of Councils, und the Bulls of the Popes, it may be enough to how how th« Pcpe did according lo his will, and cxa.tol uud lagntfied hivistif in u manner diverse froa) tbut uf other Kuus ud above them all, to Mate, ttiat the Empeior Henry IV. tood tor the space of three days at the gate ul the Fortress if Ctinusium.and us an humble supplicant reuly tu discharge he office- ot u menial, waited there, bareheaded uud hare on ted, with nothing but a coarse cloth tu cover him. before tis lordly Holiness Hildebrund Gregory VII. would grunc mil absolution. At ihe command of another Pope, Henry I. of England walked barefooted to do penance at the tuuib if Becket. Pope Celestin dushed with hs foot the crown -t Henry VI. from his bead ; ui.d though on somewhat loutttful authority, it has 'ieen often said, thxt Pope Alex tnd III trod upon the neck of the Emperor Fredeiic I. Though the Bull of the Pope was then hi Britain the xnverless thing that it ever should have been, these me (he vords in which Papul itfaliibi'ity thought tit to pronounce he deposition of Elizabeth, the Queen of Protet-Utut Kng and — ' tie who reigns on high, to whom is given all power ii Heaven and earth, has committed the one holy Catholic md Apostolic Church, out of which there is no salvation, to -ne alone on earth, namely, to Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, aud to the Roman Pontiff, the successor of Peter, :o be governed iu the plenitude ot power. Him alone bus fie constituted prince over all nations and over all kingdoms, io root out and to pull down, aim tu destroy aud to throw iown, to build and to plant &c.f; At a later date (1585) but with more authoritative power, the Bull ot Pope Sixtus VI., against the two sons of wrath, Henry, King of NaVdtre and the Prince of Conde tliese mar vel\ous words, His common ituiguage on such occasions, ure spoken against the God of Gods — ' By the immense power of :he eternal King, the authority given to tbe blessed Peter, and hie successors, excels all the power of Kings aud earthly Princes. It pusses, on them all, judgments not to be controuled finconcussa judiciaj. And if it finds them resisting the ordinances of God, u takes more severe ven geance upon them, and, however powerful, casting them down from their thrones, as the ministers of aspiring Lucifer, overthrows and prostrates them to the lowest parts of the earth.' Iu reference to the government of the Church, the celebrated ecclesiastical historian and writer, Du Pin, Doctor of the Sorbonne, says — ' Before the fourth century, the Church, which had been continaally tossed uud troubled with persecution, could never settle one constant and universal form uf government, nor celebrate the mysteries with the pomp uud splendour of ceremonies ' We ask justly — Where and when have our Lord and his Apostles ordained pomp and splendour of ceremonies ? Are they not a deviation from the primitive simplicity of the Church V Is not the great whore that sitteth upon many waters arrayed in purple and scarlet colours, and haviog upon her forehead a name written — Mysteky Babylon thk GREAT, THE MoTHEROFrlARLOrS AND ABOMINATIONS op the Eauth, represented in the very Word of God, Revel, xvii. 1-6, as a warning against pomp and splendour in the Church ? ' But,' says Du Pin, ?? when once she was delivered from the yoke of tyrnnny under which she had gronued before, and established by the authority of a Christian emperor, she made rules and laws for the government of hersett.' She did so, indeed ; but by setting aside the true apostolic constitution plainly written in the New Testament (Matth. xvi. 18-19 ; Maith. xviii. 15-20 ; Matth. xxiii. 6-10; Luke xxii. 25-26; John xx. 21-23; Acts i. 15-26; Acts vi. 1-6; Actsxiii. 1-3; Acts xv. 22, 23, 25, 28 ; 1 Cor. v. 1-5 ; 1 Car. vi. 1.3; 1 Cor. xii.; 2 Cor. i. 24; 2 Cor. ii. 5-10; Rom. xii. 8 ; Galat. iii. 28 ; Coloss. iii. 1 i ; Ephes. iv. 11 ; 2 Thess. iii. 84, 15; 1 Tim. iii. 1-1G ; I Tim. v. 9, 10 19, 21 ; 1 Timoth. vi. 13-16 ; Tit. i. 5-9; 1 Pet. v. 3; 1 Cor. xi. 13-15; Gal. i. 8, 9; 2 John 10, 11), according to which tho ministry of the keys is given, not only to Peter and the minis ters of the Church, but to the Church herself; also Matth. xviii. 17; so that, for instance, the Apostle Paul himself would not excommunicate that great sinner at Corinth withont the Churcii — 1 Cor,, v. 3. A member must hear the Church, not the ministry alone (he must hear the people, the members of tbe church, and consequently they must be allowed to speak to him, for we can but hear those who speak, not those who are silent), before he can be expelled — Matth. xxiii. 17. According to the apostolic constitution, the Church was assembled and addressed by Peter to appoint even an apostle — Acts i. 15-23; but in the Church of Rome, quite coutrary to the rule of the Apostolic Church, the Pope is chosen b- the Car dinals, the Cardinals nominated by the Pope, with out any other single individual in the whole Church having the power to vote. In the same manner, Archbishops and Bishops are appointed, the whole Roman clergy throughout the world being ap pointed solely by the Bishops, no vote being left to the Church in choosing their own pastors (though Du Pin allows, that ' up to the fourth century even Bishops were chosen by the clergy and people of the vacant church.' Another deviation of the Church of Rome from the true apostolic constitution is her not admitting the members of the Church to synods or councils, but it is only the clergy who compose them. This * Pope Innoceul HI in Decict. Greg., lib. I Tit. 33. c. 6. f Cambden Bin. A.D. 1570. was not St Peter's maxim and practice; for when that first council at Jerusalem whs held, the *' Apostles, ciders, and the whole Church,' Acts xv. 22 ; or ** the apostles, and elders, and brethren/' v. 23, who were ' assembled with one accord,' v. 25, made the ordinances of that council. So it ought to have been always. Thus Rome has de prived her people of one of the greatest and most important prerogatives of Christian membership, an! made the whole Church dependant upon the arbitrary will of one of her Bishops, viz., the Pope, without whom none of her members dare believe, think, judge, or hope to be saved, although he may find that the doctrine and maxims of the Pope differ most glaringly from those ot Christ and his Apostles. We might easily quote many other abuses and great errors of the Romish Church, respecting the most important dociriiu's of original sin, justifica tion, good works, the Lord's Supper, purgatory, to say nothing of the idolatry of invnking'Virgin Mary, the Saints, kc. ; but it may suffice to point out the above . deviations from the apostolic con stitution, that vital part of the Church of Christ, and at the same time to ask, in conclusion—How is it that the Pope pretends to have the keys of hell or purgatory, since Christ has reserved them to himself alone, declaring unto John, ?* Behold I am alive for ev ermore, amen, and have the keys of hell and of death? Rev. i. 18 Even if the P'ope were the true successor of St. Peter, he must admit that the keys of hell ami death never were given to that apostle, but thatallhe (Peter) received was the keys of the kingdom of heaven for penitent sinners on earth; for the Lord said to him, '? And whatsoever thou tilialt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and w hatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.'— Matth. xvi, 19. A. K. 