A TALE. (CONTINUED FROM OUIR LAST). (COMnLUNICATED). About six miles from the scene of the incident related in last number, resided a family who had arrived in the locality inl a state of great poverty; they were, at the time of my story, the proprietors ofa small farm, a position they might not have reached for years,` but for the fact that a murder had been committed in the but of the former possessor, or strongly sup posed to:have been comtitted, on a man' employed generally to go after' strayed cattle; and known by the soubri quet of Bill the Stockman; and, the mur. tlerer's retreat not having been discovered, it was generally supposed that the mur dered man's spirit, seeking for revenge, was wont to appear; parties were 'not wanting who had actually seen it in the gairb of a stockman, and though certainly at unseasonable hours, pursuing to all appearance the avocation by which Bill obtained a livelihood when a denizen of tlis lower world. These reports having been industriously circulated, gradually gained credence, and at last tle fact was so firmly established in the minds'of the residesits in the neighborhood, that the locality remained untenanted, and no offer, however tempting, would induce the poorest laborer to occupy Wilson's farm. One man,indeed, made anattempt, but three days was the extent of time devoted liy him to his new acquisition, and though not generally communicative on theo shbjebt,'he sometimes horrified a friend or two, by reciting over a bottle, what then befel ;hitm. A period of six months had elapsed, at tile end of which, time and the pranks of the ghost had so materially diminished the value of the property, that old Cameron and his family, consisting of one daughter and four stalwart sons, all of whom had only been known about throe months,- and during that time had been employed as shepherds, &c.; on different surrounding stations, suddenly appeared as purchasers ol tile haunted farm, and obtained it at a nomninal value. The acres, under their management, soon assumed a promising appearance,-the fields that-yielditg to neglect had become a dreary waste, were now smiling with plenty, and so far. as Cameron was concerned, the spec.seenmed to have been highly profitable. But'the ghost,.instead of being braved into silence" as one might suppose would have been the case, waxed more audacious than ever, till at the time when I had the' pleasure of seeing him, lie had become a frequent apparition, and the source ofno inconsiderable terror to the peaceful neighbors. -The new occupant wtas the only otne not exhibiting any very set ions alarm on the subject, and this sang froid, so remarkable under the circumstances, together withCameron'santi-social habits, and the unaccountable manner in which he seemed to be amassing wealth, served to draw upo' him the envy and hatred of Ihis brother cultivators of the soil ; nor did the object of-their suspicions seem at all concerned at what ihe could not but perceive ; he did not even shew the least .dispositiotf to offer the curious public a word of explanation. so that his character continued.to be dubious in the estimatiou of his neighbors, and at length a cir cumstance happendd which rendered it positively mysterious. Wilson, the sup posed murderer was detected, notwith standing the disguise of a seaman's dress, lurking in the outskirts of thei village,' and though the twilight favoured his escaue from several who pursued him, it was the universal belief that his shelter, w hatever it consisted of, wasinmntcdiately adjoining Cameron's house; which, the fact having been deposed to, was visited next morning by an officer of justice, accompanied by several of the villagers as guides. Singular. to say, the whole household .were-" non est inventus ;" the house as well as the whole farm seemed to be desrrted, by human being+, and the visitors were about to retrace their steps, when a cough was hdard at one end of the apartment, accompanied by the words addressed to the village retailer of suit dries, whliose friendship for Bill had prompted him 'to act as.a guide on the present occasion, " I say T.ommy, have you any baccer." The well known voice, as well as the figtire of Bill himself, were unmistakeable, anttd as tihe conclave fled from the spot with the wings of terror; they might have hIeard a hoarse laugh lnd the well known crack of the stock-whip. The moon sited her pale light on the murmuring waters of an Australian river tle sidesof which were deep' and preci pitous, and consisted for ihe most part of sobd rock, in .wiclh, however, occasi onal interstices gave root intd inoisture to clufts of rithe rtehest hIerbage. It one part of the river, where the waters formedtl a cascade of considerable depth and beauty, the sides o'erhtung so far as to 'leave a space across the ravite of little more tlthan two yards, and which was completely covered by the numeroes trees which nature or the hIand of man Iad caused to grow in a slanting dfirection, and by the mass of foliage that entwined itself between them. This extraordinary festoon extended somewhat more than j fifty: yards, and the space beneath was rendered dense to the view by the profu =ion of wild vines, honeysuckles, and ivy which had crept in great luxuriance from the streamlet that flowed underneath: The scene was on the haunted farm, and the dwelling of its new proprietor was picturesquely situated in a " a wood em bowered dell," close to tile edge of the river, But no sounds of domestic mirth w9re heard:to denote its locality, aid a close examination, if any one would have bden sufliciently fool-hardy to make the attempt; would have shown that the hut displaying much neatness in its ex ternal decoration, as well as evident symptoms of internal comfort, was totally tenantless. The scene, however, was not altogether a void, for mid-way between the hut and the water, and under the shelter of a spreading wattle tree, stood the formidable stockman and his horse, the latter, with saddle and bridle, as if ready for a journey, and the former quietly leaning against the tree, keeping a steady eye in the direction of the hut, ejecting an occasional puff from a small black pipe, and grasping in his hand the ident;cal whip withl which he had been wont to scour the country in quest of cattle. The puffs had begun to get less frequent, probably from a scarcity ofthe narcotic weed, when the sudden crack of a whip was heard from the depth below, a signal apparently to our hero, who im mediately stepped on one of the trees which lay over the chasm, removed those of, the twigs that seemed to intercept his progress, and instantly sunk into .the abyss beneath. Thither, in imagination at least, will we-follow him. Attaching the end of a small coil of rope to a sturdy tree, he quickly lowered himself with one hand while with the other he cleared a pretty free pansage for himiself, although to any one who could examine the spot, sich must seem to have been no easy task. Alighting on a rude spar which had pro. bably been thrown across for that pur. pose, ihe advanced with cautious footsteps to the bank or wall, guided by a light which then began to appear in faint glim merings, and throwinig aside. a' quantity of shrubbery which art had so planted or trained as to be easily remoyable, yet re turning to its former position whenever theharid that displaced it was withdrawn, he' entered a spacious apartment .hewn frm' the solid rock, and stood before Cameron and his family, and Wilson, the reputed murderer. The room was fur niited in a style.of comfort approaching to elegance, while the walls were freed from damp by ingenious drains, and by beting well boarded-while the aperture through which Bill had entered was a French vwindow which had been opened to facilitate his egress; the daughter, the sister, and as it afterwards transpired, the betrothed, sat on a sofa engaged in some womanly occupation, and nothing appeared which could in any way dispel the bewilderment which a stranger must have felt. on being introduced to such a scene. A sekret'spring, however, in the floor discovered the entrance to another apartment,!. or rather cavern in which Cameron and his sons had just been employed,aend which, was obviously the .scene of some extraordinary operation. Fromathis hatch-way, or whatever it. may be termed,our friend the stockman quickly emerged, with - what think you ? a string of some ten or a dozen bladders, containing, I will not say what, but -which he.qiiekly carried, with himself, to terra firma, and having mounted his nag, re-strung the bladders and fastened them roundl his waist, he made the air reverbrate with a stroke of his whip, put spars to his stirdy Bucephalu', arid in ten miinu'tes afterwards was re-astonishing the weak nerves of my frienfd the farmer, and the other peaceful denizens of the village. Years had elapsed, and the ghost had long since discontinued his nocturnal visits, and had been forgot'ten. The par ties introduced.as tenants of the cave had not only succeeded in dispellinug the sus picion. which circumstances had excited against' thenm, but hatd raised tnhemselves to a respectable position in society, and *were dleservedly repu(ed. to be wealthy. The fair dauglhter of the purchaser of the haunted farm, towards whoia by the way toolittle gallantry lhas been slewn in the present narrative, hlad already become a happy wife, and in every respect fortuno lptld smiled utpon all. The reader's dis. crimination will al'eady hnave'discerned the cause of this prosperity; Cameron imnd Wilson were both competent dlistil. lers of mountain dew, while thIe well adapted spot;,combined with tlhe ingenuity of Bill, the stockminan, not only secured to thIe enterprising filthily the possession of the farm, but prevented the possibility of detection, aid the latter had therefore no inconsidlerable interest in the fortune that was realised. All, however, were equal gainors1 and on particular occna sions, such as the appearance of a. little Wilson, as an additional representative of the family, the happy group would ad journ to the well known cave, and would have little scruple indrinking three-times three, to the memory of the PIIANToaM STOCK -KEEPER. But lest the critical reader should think the ethics of the hero or heroes somewhat beneath par, it may not be amiss to add, by way of palliation, that when the chills of comparative indigence had yielded to the sunshine of plenty, the original proprietor of the land was amply reimbursed for the " dodge" by which he had been victimised. It re mains, however, to add, per contra, that neither the old man nor either of his family, had a sufficiently tender consci ence to give rise to any very serious compunctions for the loss that had been occasioned to her Majesty's revenue. J. B. 