THE ENGLISII IN LITTLE. BY OBNERAL TOM T51U0U. (From Punch.) TOm Thumb philosophizes on kisses-is introduced to the royal presence. Aimierican as I am-a free citizen of the smartest nation of creation 'tisn't for me to find fault with the gals of free Columbia. Nevertheless, truth is mighty, and with fair play will whip her weight in wild cats. Therefore, I cannot say much for the kiss ing of America. Governor Barnum tells g me that I oughn't to give any 'pinion of the v matter till I get back again, with all my snuff-boxes and tooth- picks? and pencil ( cases of crowned heads about me; when the kisses will be a different matter, as the v royalty of Europe will be saluted through me. But this I must say, kissing of Ame- 1 rica, of my own countrywomen, was terrible r cautious; nothing more than what you 3 might call respect with the chill off. But then, Barnum says, I was nobody ; and gals f don't kiss nobodies like somebodies. For t all that, I'm a little riled when I think of it. For I remember how at New York they used to look at me, and mince round and round me, and put their hands under my ;chinas IL I warn't a human cretur, but a gooseberry bush, and they were afraid of my fingers. And then the boldest on 'em kissed me short and not at all satis factory ;- for all the world as if they thought i they was doing me a service, and not them selves an honour. They'll i nd me rayther different when I get back,, calculate; so they'd' better practise a litI? afore I come among 'em. . Now in England kissing fmighty hearty. The gals arn't a bit ashamt on it. I shall I say no more here about th 'laids of Honor as kissed me a million. tims a in the Palace, but speak of the 'Gyptian all, where I was I kissed four thousand time a day, which is I only allowing eight kisses. piece for every female: some of 'em took ore, some less, i but I'm striking the averages. I had when I first showed there, a tarnation pretty dimple; and in a month, mA cheeks were as smooth as an apple. Tile dimple was kissed out; run away with [y the lips of t theladies. I often said to Barnum, " Go yernor, this is by no men a he Cheshire. I feel my face is waring aý,ý with somuch kissing; melting slick lik ugar plum in a baby's mouth. Tell y \r t 1hat it is; if I'm to lose my cheeks, I ught to make something by 'emn. Therere, its my opi nion you should alter the p ce, in this way: ' them as only looks, a sh ling; them as kisses, eighteenpence.' On or twice-for to be kissed eight different ways by five hundred females is nation hard work-once or twice, I thought I'd havq notice writ, and hung about my neck; si a one as I seed at a fl)wer show, with th se words " Admire, but touch not.' I confess it: now and then I used to be riled ; used to say to myse!f, " Llave you lobafly at home to kiss; that you will. put l yur bonnets and pattens to come.and ki a little gentle. man in public ?" Baut as I id afore, take the people altogether, Ent sh kissing is mighty pleasant. In Scotland I was only ki: :d outright at parties, Of that, as a man honour, I say nothing. In public, the ladi s used to blow kisses at me through their fi gers. Was kissed tarnation in France. Rayther disagreeable in one particular, as the ladies so very often left the paint u on my nose. Talking of France, it's a *onder I'm a single man. For when the King of the French heard from 13arnum nt I had got the fortin I have, I'm darnes f ie didn't say he must have me for one f the Prin cesses. Now, beinga true re blican, that didn't suit my book at all. " , no," says I to Barnum, "don't mind tt Princesses kissing me now and then, vw n I'm in a good temper, but I'd as soon ~un upon a snag as upon the marriage se 'cc. Seen I too much of life, and been ed a little too much for that." So I aped-cut slick from the T'uileries-goin' BF in Bar num's hat-box. Well, I did think that I slhould give a whole account of all the kissi:g I've gone through, but on second though s it can't be a done here, no how. The subtect is so full \--as Barnum says-that I cai't do it jus tice in a little book, so I intcnl to make it a big history, by itself, with cturs oaf the ladies, with their lips made up 'est as they e attacked me; made up noweaking like ' rose-buds, and now as if I wasa cake at a pastry- cook's, made for nothi g but to be eaten. It's wonderful to a nean with my experience of lips to know whatmouths can d be made on'em. Nobody woull believe it, d but they will when they see my book. And 80so to get back to Queen Victorix's Palace. \- When the Maids of Honor ha( done kjss ing me, and stood-like fluster-d Birds of Paradise-a taking breath, th, Lord-In Waitin comes in again, and says," Genesl, her Majesty the Queen will be cry hap y to see you." All the maids ohonor 11 back, and I following the lord,ndB n num following me-walks into th pre e of the Queen of the British Isles. l'd mad Smy mind up to show my indepeilence, go in whistling " Yankee Doodle,"i " ta of Columbia," but somehow I find m voice had departed-gone slickvand even left its ghost behind-an- Barnum too, I shouldn't ha' known him a shook n all over, and his face looked as if gad been a dabbed with a powder puff: I ought to Smyself, the British Lion muist s some -e where, under some sofa p'raps, in 'part ment, and the Governor seesm, and Or shakes and is pale accordin. t- I walks up to the Queen, who is a sit tin' by the tea-things. " I'm ve happy, General," said her Majesty, "to se you here. Genius, though ever so sm -if it is genius, General-is welcome t his fire place." R s Upon this, I bowed, as any getloman would do to any lady. tLo ' General," said Gracious Majest ''allow to me to introduce my husband." W'eupon a. Prince Albert said in the most affal, man ir ner a. " I hope to improve the acquain e of s- the General, when we go a gunnin; to gather," and then Royal Highness went on with his tea. "Do you take sugar, General ?" said Gracious Majesty with tongs in hand. " I do, madam," said I; for I found my voice a coming back agin. " Which do vou prefer ?"-said Gracious Majesty, with a smile that seemed to turn me into a lump of honey-" which sugar do you prefer, white or brown ?" " Either," said I; "but if it isn't slave grown, I'm a true republican, and won't touch a tarnation morsel." 