GERALDINE. 'A TALB OF - CONSCI?BCE. CHAP. XI. " Blandford," whispered the Warden to his ' own man,' who stood at his usual post behind his man 'ter's chair at the -dinner table, " inquire what the Sjoint is, and when it is to appear ;' I do-not under stand the plan of the dinner to-day." A smile passed over the face of the butler, when summoned by the decorously grave, valet to reply to the-oVardenre Inquiry ; but'the sense of.,his own-official position n approaching a brother dignitary, repressed in the head of the sideboard all undue sense of the ridicu lous, as he informed the astonished Doctor of Divi nity, that "Miss Carrington- had expressly ordered t at no joint or meat of any kind should-be served upon the " Hamper Days !" "Ah I. what - really -- oh! of course --very proper," said the-Warden, with admirable presence -of mind. "Everard i aglass-of wine P" " Willingly, -Warden. On the strength of the " ? Hamper Days P' Well!' "The ' Ember Days,'" said Geraldine, much "mbarrassed by the sudden college look of her uncle, and the struggling mirth which played in the coun tenance of Mr. Everard and Miss Graham. " The -Ember' Days begin on this, the twenty-first of Sep rember, and used always to be kept as days of -absti \- 'nence in the Church of England." "Why so P what was there either sinful or mournful about the Ember Days P' cried Katherine Graham, " was it then that St. Anthony preached * to the' fish, that we have nothing else at table P" " Come ! come," said Dr. Sinclair, rousing him. "self," there is plenty to eat, and a very good thing would it-be, in a medical point of-view,.for the over fed portion of society to keep what the Anglo Indians term a' banyan day,' once or twice a week. 'We all eat-too much, according to Cornaro." " Ohl" rejoined Miss Graham, " I am-sure that •we can all do very'well with less food, if necessary. 'I would often most willingly omit my dinner alto gether, when I have taken no exercise. But it is the hope of propitiating God by fish and eggs, as. ,holy food, that strikes me as so absurd. I would live " on them entirely to do good to my fellow sinners; Sfor instance, I would eat this insipid whiting every -day, to ensure -a good meat dinner to some poor e hlausted creature; but for the salvation of my own soul! and to be, at the same time, seep of men i -Why, I can only quote " The devil must grin'! "For his -favourite -sin Is pridethat apes humility.'" The servants all tittered, and the colour rose pain. fully to Geraldine's cheek,though, by great effort, she preserved silence, and endeavoured to forgive Snot Katherine, for from her she had never expected support,'but her uncle, who had given her false en -couragement, by his theoretic adherence to what he shrunk from avowing practically. 'In his study, and -amidst the fasting "-Fathers of the English Church," Dr. Sinclair fasted retrospectively, and was at peace. Great then was his embarrassment at being called upon to patronise the actual absti nence laid down so unmercifully in the Book of Common Prayer, and begun in -all the simplicity of obedience by Isis niece I especially as he was aware of being too learned -and noted a person In the church not to have aroused enemies, who had al ready impeded his career of usefulness, by misre presentations of the Popish twist of the learned Warden of -. " Geraldine," sald he at length, "you remember, in the twentieth article of the church, that ' she hath lrower to decree rites and ceremonies,' and therefore it may happen, that in her wisdom she may see fit to alter or abridge certain of them, for the greater edification of its members. Now, although ' fasting' is warranted by the highest example and precept;in Scripture, namely, that of Christ, and also of the Apostles, and therefore may be-justly reckoned an article of Christian obligation, rather than a rite or ceremony, yet the appointment of certain days for th. observance of this duty is a matter of church discipline, which may be, and has been, altered at various times, all which -I will explain to you at some future period. In the interim," added he, "I believe you need not make us keep any more of the ' Ember Days,' although I greatly applaud your zeal for desiring to act strictly according to the supposed commanids of your church." Geraldine, pleased that her uncle had spoken on the subject, and had even praised her, readily gave up the Ember fast, in the full expectation that the alteration of the appointed days would be soon pointed 'out to her; and she now listened with recovered spirits to the learned conversation which took place throughout the rest of the repast, between the Warden and Mr. Everard, on the Jewish, Mahon nmedan, and Pagan fasts. Thence they went off to the Brahmins, till the departure of the servants, who having at length placed the dessert on the table, fiially left the room, completely mystified on the hkubject of fasting, and with but one clear persuasion, .uamely, that of the vast learning and power over 'dictionary words,' possessed by the reverend Warden and his friend. When freed from thesse attendants, Dr. Sinclair again addressed Ihis niece and prefacing what he had to say, by his conviction that he spbke before confidential friends, bade Geral dine recall to mind the outcry raised in his Univer sity, and the strong party formed against him, even in his own College, at the time of Catholic Emanci pation, on the absurd notion that he secretly favoured Popery. "* What another man might fearlessly do, I dare not," added he, " at any-rate, till other men are wise, or-I beyond their reach. 'Placed, as I am, in a high official position, surrounded by spies anid enemies, and already suspected by Government,'I can Venture nothing 'that would confirm these suspicions; and: I would scorn to do that in private which I could not do publicly. Therefore, Geral dine, until I can boldly-keep the fasts and abstinence days in the commemoration room of ---College, ;I cannot in propriety keep them here. 'Besides, in -these changes in the household, you would do well to -await the General's return. 'I am but a guest, and as the whole responsibility of any matter of this kind would rest on me, instead of on you,:I feel averse to what would, doubtless appear impertinent and intrusive to the master of the house, on his -return." Geraldine was silent, she scarcely knew what she thought, and therefore could not reply. She was quite aware of the persecution against her uncle, at the-time of the emancipation of the-long restricted Catholic;. She was also aware that "Dr. Sinclair's early friends, who were now in power, had listened to his enemies, and withheld from him the long ex pected bishopric. But for this storm, he would doubtless have.given her is aid ; as it was, he plainly refused it, and she must submit. She would wait till he had left her, as soon he must, to return to his college duties; and now making the signal to her friend, Miss Graham, she arose, -and the ladies retired together. " Keep up your spirits, my'aear Geraldine," said 'Katherine, laughing, as they mounted the stairs arm in arm. " Wait for the General's return ; for, mad -as he becomes when-Popery stalks abroad, yet I am sure he will consent to your eating what food you like..if you are but discreet enough to give some wiser motive than your soul's salvation. -You know how-seldom he touches meat himself, so fond is he of the river fish : why; then, cannot you have a sudden taste for these muddy creatures, and continuoe to avoid the criminal food of land animals P 01i ! Geraldine," suddenly cried she more gravely, "'how can you degrade the Christian's glorious liberty by such weak scruples P -Does not Christ expressly say that it is not what goeth into the mouth that defileth P and this keeping of particular days, is it not-plainly rebuked by the apostlo."' " As for the particular days rebuked by St. Paul," replied Geraldine, "they were Jewish commemo rations, not Christian ; and I see plainly'thie adlvan tage and comfort of establishedldays, that all things may be done decently and in order, ' no undue fasting with some, and convenient forgetfulness with -others, and that the communion of feeling and of duty may be kept up between the members of a Church, by all uniting, at the same time, in the same penitential following of Christ; for you cannot deny -Katherine, that he did give us the example of fasting." i" I think that ' He boreallour griefs, and carried all our sorrows"" replied Katherine, with her usual promptitude of quotation. " And are we-then to do nothing'for Him "' said Geraldine, the tears starting in her eyes as she re membered the rest of that touching prophecy from Isaiah. " Yes ! you can - do all- those works of mercy which He says that He will receive as if done unto himself," replied :Katherine, " but do not fetter the Christian Dispensation, by retaining the bondage of the Jewish Law." "Not except where He commands it, certainly," said Geraldine: " but I think He does command us to fast;"-and, as she said this, Geraldine, instead of following her friend into her boudoir, which con tinued to be the favourite evening resort of the little party at the Hall, passed on to a light reading closet, which she had-lately thought of fitting up as an oratory, and, opening -her Bible at the Gospel of St. Matthew, determined tosearch regularly through out the New Testament, and to note down every thing - relating to fasting that should occur in its sacred pages. " I am tired of mere theory," she mentally exclaimed, " and of those admissions made in learned seclusion, which are not to be acted upon because of such and such doctrine of expediency. 'I -am accused of rushing into everything-I have once admitted to- be right: but is this blamable P Surely not ! =I cannot help acting on my- convictions, for by these shall I be judged at the last day-!" She then turned to the shelves, containing her booksof devotion, and having only the day before arranged and classed them, was then, for the first time, aware of the number of comrmen'taries -on Scripture, and aids to Bible reading, which she had gradually collected during the past four years, to assist her judgment in reading the Holy Scriptures; and as she continued to gaze on these prettily bound little keepsakes from her Evangelical friends, she was struck with the inconsistency of their having so eagerly sent them to her at various times, when their boasted privilege had ever been the exercise of each one's private judgment, toithout aid or cornm ment. on-" the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the'Bible?' " How few there are," thought she, " who really-know what they believe. Sir Eustace de Grey gives a not inappropriate title to Protestants, when he calls them ' the Children of the Mist:' and alas alas! how sad is it that the church, which' commands my respect from the decision and Immu tability with which her members believe, and act on their belief, yet teaches so much more than is war ranted by the word of God." But suddenly check ing herself: " What-have I to do with either Evan gelical or Roman- Catholic communities P I am a member of the real old Church of England--a church most beautiful and pure, and in whose bosom I have promised toremain, in common gra titude and respect,until l shall have-fulfilled all her commands, in spite 'of the :cowardice of her long pampered children. And therefore, -I now search for Scriptural warrant for fasting, more for Kathle rine than for myself: for if I acknowledge the authority of achurch to teach the Christian verities to the ignorant, and believe that the Holy Ghost directs hbr rdecisions, I must, in common sense, admit her interpretation of holy writ; and my uncle has to-day again repeated that ' fasting is an article of Christian obligation in the Church of England,'" Having thus finished her little soli loquy, Geraldine took down '" Chalmers' Scripture Reference," to serve as a concordance for quickly discovering all the texts which bore upon fasting; but in vain did she look in that otherwise useful little book for a word not admitted into the creed of the author; so she ended where she should have begun, with her little" Brown'saConcordance," and speedily collected the following texts, for the purpose of con vincing, or at least silencing the objections of, Katherine Graham. First noting the warning against hypocritical fasting, given by our'Lord in St. Matt. vi. 16, which seems to be the only part of the injunction remembered by Protestants, Geral dine wrote down, " but when thoufastest, anoint thy head, and wash thy face, that thou seem not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which seeth in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret, himself shall reward thee openly." " Can any thing be plainer thian this command, and this pro. mise P" thought shte, and then copied from'the same gospel. (chap. ix.) the reason given'by Christ why his disciples did not fast, which was, because their light and their-joy was with them. "But the days will come when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast." The cure of the lunatic, which could not be effected but through prayer and fasting, next followedfrom Matt. xvii. 21, and then from Act i., when the prophets and teachers at Antioch " ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost thus commanded. 'Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work where unto I have cdlled them:' Then fasted they and prayed, and laid their hands on them, and let them go." Also at the ordination of the elders, " when they (Paul and Barnabas) had prayed and fasted, they commended them -to the.Lord in whom they believed." Geraldine then remarked and noted down the "- fasting after" of the -great Apostle, and thought that Katherine must admit that he, at least, came within the power of imitation, though Christ being God, was beyond it; and that, if Paul, a-vessel of election, saw that he ought to suffer with Christ. after his example, so ought we; for, although we may again escape from the responsibility of our blessed Saviour's example, by considering Him to have suffered everything for us, -yet, this· cannot hold good with St. Paul-and the other Apostles. '"I shall not await my-fathei's return," cried Geraldine mentally, to obey the plain words of Scripture, and the commands of my Church ; but I will so far obey my uncle also, as not to compel others to this duty at present." And, comfortSd with having come to some determination on this subject, she folded up her ,little paper of texts, to slip into Miss Graham's workbox, and returned with a cheerful countenance to the boudoir, where site found the Warden and Miss Graham engaged at backgamnmon, and Mr. •Everard leaning back on the sofa in a fit of abstraction, his yet untasted coffee in his hand. He was roused, however, by Geraldine's approach ; and making room for her by him, "Allow me," whispered hle, "to congratulate you on the very successful attempts you have hitherto made to revive the zeal and fervour of your Church !" " Alh, Mr. Everard," replied shle,endeavouring to respond to the raillery of his tone, "you are but a poor comforter,'if not a malicious sprite, leading me through bog and briar, but to laughl at me !" " Not a bit," returned le : " 1 laughed to comfor myself. I have often been driven to that soothing self- deception throughl life; but;" added he more gravely, ' I do not see any cause for melancholy; only we must have patience, and wait the course of events ; and the gradual reaction of the public mind, from the delusion of supposed private judgment, and dread of authority, to a general demand for the certainty and repose of Church decisions." SThat night, as Geraldine was seated at her toilet, and preparing, as usual, to read aloud some book of devotional instruction to her attendant, she was ar rested by so unmercifull a pullof lher entangled tresses that, uttering a scream, she started up, and, turn ing, beheld Mrs. Kelsoe, with her eye blinded by tears, standing in that rigid uprightness of posi tion, which lier young mistresss well-knew fore boded a storm. Gently disengaging herself, Gerald ine inquired, with her usual kind manner, into the cause of such apparent distress: but fresh tears being the only reply she could obtain, she turned once more to her book, when provoked to utterance, Mrs. Kelsoe exclaimed, " And is it come to this'! ahb! the poor dear General !" "Good heavens," cried Geraldine; " then you know something of my fathler ! something calami tous. All ! Kelsoe, speak quickly I entreat-I com mand you-conceal nothing from me ;I can always bear the truth." "-God grant you may, Miss Carrington;; but many say this, who can but ill bear the truth when it does come. However, to come to tile point, for anything know to the contrary, the honoured Gene ral is in the best possible health. "' Oh blesssed be God i" cried Geraldine, taking a deep breath, proceed then, Kelsoe, with what you have to say i" "'I have to say this. ma'am, that-I have known the General off and on, these thirty years, and :I know his sentiments pretty well, and whom tee likes and dislikes, and what he likes and dislikes, and the families,in tlhe county he keeps off from, and the reli gion he keeps off from. And I know that the -De Grey family is one,and that Popery is one; and here's the truth, Miss Carrington.; and if you are drawn into these two things, it's all over with thie Genueral- - the best of men, the kindest, the calmest-but if once properly worked up ! oh my powers.! the great Dragon of, Wantley would be nothling to him." Here Geraldine leaned her head on her toilet, and, by its tremulous movement, seemed to weep; bht great was Mrs. Kelsoe's mortification and wrathl whlen it proved to be continued and irrepressible laughter. " Ahl! very well, ma'am, I am glad you can be a so merry about it; and, indeed, you had better laugh while you can, for it will not last long." "'Very probably not, Kelsoe," at length replied her mistress, gradually recovering -from the com parison which hlad so much amused hler. "-I doubt nor but tihat you are a true prophletess of ills to come. But what has excited all these fears of Popery, and of a family I scarcely ever see P" "Ah i! ma'am, why, the very lowest of the ser vants is aware of your now meaning to keep the Popish feasts and fasts; and to make us all keep them, If we wish to be in favour; and they have it, 1 Miss Carrington; that all this change is to be dated from the morning that Squire Everard contrived a meeting between you and Sir Eustace de Grey, up at the Abbey ruins, where thle grooms say'they hlad to wait more tlhan two hours." "And is it possible," said Geraldine proudly, " that grooms and scullions dare to intrude their 1 ignorant curiosity on subjects far above them, and that you. Kelsoe, can so far forget yourself as to repeat all this to me P With respect to what you e and the rest of the househlold-call ' Popish fasts,' I I follow the example and command, first, of our Lord : and Saviour Jesus Christ; next, of the Apostles and early Christians; and lastly, of the orthodox ' Church of England. Those who in future venture to disobey such authority as this, must do so on their own responsibility. I force no one, but still must warn the servants that they had better reflect, not on their mistress's motives, but on the state of their own solils, and on the account they will have to a give of listening to their own pampered inclinations, instead of the self-denial and mortification practised by the early church. As for yourself, Kelsoe, I love and value you too much, not to treat you as afriend, and, therefore, will set your mind at ease, respecting any member of the De Grey family, whom mere accident may cause me to meet; but any supposi. tions relating to my highly esteemed friend, Mr. Everard, I should regard as impertinences, unde serving a reply; and I request that I may never hear them again." "!Indeed, Miss Carrington, I beg pardon. I be. lieve whatever you tell me, for you have from a child spokeni the truth. I shall immediately put a stop to all the talk below." "Stay, Kelsoe, I wish you certainly to silence these idle babblings ; but, when you do so, remem ber to whom-you speak, and of whom you speak," cried the naturally haughty heiress : "and now good night, and leave me; I want nothing more." " Well, but ma'am," said Mrs. Kelsoe, still lin gering, " you know, if you please, that we are in duty bound to consult the minister of this parish of 'Elveiton Manor, our own Mr. Edmund, about fast ing, or - what is the ether name of it P' " Abstinence," replied Geraldine, " but. they do not,'I believe, mean the same thing. Abstinence is, I think, the renouncement of the more nourishing and luxurious food for harder fare, without restriction of quantity; while, on the fasting days, one meal only of that harder fare is eaten;" " No bad thing occasionally, ma'am, for the butler and coachman," simpered Mrs. Kelsoe; " but, if you please, we'll consultMr. Edmund, because, as the Warden's own gentleman, Mr. Blandford, says, there are prodigious remains of Popery in the Prayer Book, which he supposes it was all very right not to meddle with in former days, when it would not have been politic to hurry the public mind; but Ia ! Miss Carrington, it's amazing the opening of people's minds in these days. They will read and judge for themselves, and I doubt (as Mr. Bland ford says.) if they will consent to walk backwards." "-If they have wandered from the right path, they must retrace [their steps," replied Geraldine; " and they will find the reward of their humility and 'docility in the peace of mind they will enjoy. But you are very right, Kelsoe, in wishing to refer to our duly appointed pastor, and it shall be done as -soon as poslible." Mrs. Kelsoe now withdrew for the night; and Ge raldine, immediately seeking her writing materials, wrote the following note-to the Rev. -Edmund Sin clair : " My Dear Uncle, " The interdict still continuing on any commnni cation bbtween our dwellings, 'I am compelled to write instead of conversing with you, on a subject which at present disturbs my mind, namely, the duty of ' fasting,' as commanded by our Church, on the authority of Christ's precepts and example, -and of the practice of the Apostles, and primitive Christians. Myself and household apply to you, in preference to the Warden, first, because you are our appointed; minister, and next, because he -has been so much misunderstood and misrepre sented, on the subject of "' Popery,' that lie would rather not at present be the one to establish, in this house, a custom held by Catholics alone as an essen tial duty. And why is thisP Why do they alone simply and unhesitatingly follow Scripture in this respectP Are we not allowing them an undue ad vantage over our purer faith P Most truly, your affectionate niece, -GERAL.DINE CARaRsruTON." On the evening of the following day our heroine received Mr. Sinclair's reply : " Dear Geraldine, " Beware of suffering the calm'faith of your re generated state to be disturbed by suggestions that can come only from the evil one. What are our poor, defiled, and wholly corrupted works, but filthy rags in the sight of an all pure God ? Why trust to them, instead of to that perfect victim, ever ready to answer for us, having fulfilled all righteousness in that one sacrifice of himself, once offered P It is true that lie fasted-a fast of great mystery-and do you too fast, but let it be a fast of the spirit, a fast from sin, a fast such as is described in Isaiah lviii. 6, 7. 8. Many things are to be found in thel Book of Common Prayer, which were excusable at a period when the minds of men, just issuing from the darkness of Popery, dazzled by the radiant light -of faith alone, and too weak to bear this pure doctrine were still crying out, ' what good shall I do !' But dear friend, we have not so learned Christ, that after we have'' begun in the spirit, we would now be made perfect in the flesh.' Let me conclude, by exhorting you, as Paul did the Galatians, ' to stand fast, therefore, in the liberty wherewith Christ bath made us free, and be not-entangled again with the yoke of bondage." -Geraldine slowly and sadly folded up this;:note, musing on the infatuation which had led the most pious and devoted followers of the new Church of England to find difficulties in the simple commands and example of Christ, and toseek for their explanation in abstruse passages of St.- Paul. She was at first tempted to conceal the contents of the paper from Mrs. Kelsoe; but her love of truth prevailed.; and on the Abigail's eager inquiries, when site attended her lady'sl toilet, Geraldine replied, " That Mr. Sinclair did not see the necessity of mortifying the body, though hlie had written beautifully on the spi ritual discipline, requisite for those who aspired to conformity with Christ." "Exactly my opinions, madam," exclaimed the delighted Mrs. Kelsoe, who loved to expatiate over a hot meat supper every night, on the utter nothing ness of man's works; "that is what I always say, 'By faith alone shall ye be saved, and not by works, lest any man should beast.' " , People must also take care" replied Geraldine, "' not to boast of their sins of omission." " La, ma'am I why surely you would not differ from St. Paul i"' " No! Kelsoe, far from it; Iagree, and glory in agreeing with the great Apostle; and instead of taking from hIis writings isolated texts, I endeavour to study the whole. 1 compare one part with ano. ther, and I am thus enabled to observe, that the seemning contradiction occasionally exhibited of his sentiments, is to be explained by the different abuses against whichl he had to.combat. Hence, while the one text you have just quoted, is all you think neces sary to remember, I retain his having also spoken of his ' fastings often,' and of his keeping Itis body under, and bringing it into subjection.'" " Well, Miss Carrington, 1 have the greatest ad miration for your goodness and learning; indeed, mr'am I have. No one can know and love your piety more than I do: but still you see, ma'am, if you and our minister differ in opinion, what is to be doneP You yourself always say that we must Shumbly and simply follow the direction of our duly appointed minister,'--these are your very words." "Very true," at length replied Geraldine, in a sad and abstracted manner:; and then, after another pause site added, " I thlink, Kelso6, that I shall en deavour to have some farther conversation with both my uncles on the subject, and, in the meantime, until we receive their positive commands, we shall do well each to act according to the dictates of her conscience. You, therefore all make no distinc tion between Friday and the other days of the week; but as I perceive that my Church.has set apart the day on which Christ died, for the peni tential commemoration of his suffering6. I shall henceforth abstain from animal food, and great de. licacies, and, if possible, will sing only sacred music on that sad but holy day." (T7b be continiued.) 