TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. SUPPRESSION OF INTEMPERANCE. Sla,-- When the Launceston Teetotallers in their last official report, congratulated themselves upon the victory they had obtained in the magistrates having diminished the number of public houses, I took occasion to shew that their victory was no victory ; and that it was wrong in principle for the magistrates to try tosuppress the saleof intoxicating drinks by arbitrary means; and I also promised at some future opportunity to give some practical and living details in order to prove that right principles, and right means will always lead to the very best results. The near approach of the annual licensing day seems to bring a suitable opportunity, and, therefore, I beg to trespass a little upon your columns. It must be universally allowed that if intoxicating liquors are used, they must be sold ; for we cannot pretend to compel people to manufacture their owd, and much less can we require people to steal them; and hence it is clear enough that those who use them are worse than those that sell them. 'he teetotal president at Launceston not unfrequently lays open the obscurity'of his logical views on this point. At the recent special tea meeting, Iobserve he lays the chief blame upon the 'merchant from whom the retailer gets'his supply I andlat the first meeting they held at Perth, he assailed the publi. cans with a wholesaile flood of laughable irony, whilst he allowed the very presidents to reserve to themselves the liberty to" give and offer to others." Now If he, the ipresident, would not wish the " ears polite" of inconsistent teetotallers, and of respectl able christian people to be oltbnded with stern truth, Is it a fact that he would encourage them to " use contraband'goods?" The logic that I have learned teachers that no progress can be made in anything if the cart be put'before the horse : and it is clear enough to the meanest capakity, that those who use intoxicating drinks are the persons who keep open the flood-gates of intemperance; for as sure as water will run out when the' gates are lifted up, so surely will 'buyers create sellers, and not all the magistrates in the world can prevent it. Teetotallers, however, should overcome every temptation to comply with the call of those who want drink. Mrs. Dalgarno recommended that little boys if re quired to'furnish their fathers witha light to'their pipe, should say,'" NoTather, I will not smoke myself, nor yet encourage It." This is very bold advice to give to little boys who are' minors. But how is it that Mrs. D. did not act upon it herself, and tell her husband she could not encourage the traffick in the drunkard's drink by accompanying him to Tasmania on board the Loch na gar? Has she never read Dr. Beecher's awful description of the flitting ghosts, and wailings of anguish of lost drunkards that haunt and resound through every'part of a ship that conveys the accursed poison across 'the 'face of the deep P' If she could not convince her husband by telling'him that the practice was Immoral and sinful, she might perhaps have convinced' him by represeting it to be " un gentlemanly." But perlhaps Mrs. D. and her husband are only minors with regard to the Loch nagar; and if so, very few persons would be so unreasonable as to require them to carry out the most sacred principles to such an extreme as would oblige them to "go out of the world." But then Mrs. U. should be consistent, and 'be not too magisterial with others. Magisterial means, Sir, will never forward the cause of Temperance. They are based upon prin ciples that run counter to our common nature, and everybody knows it is- wrong to go against nature. Right principles, and right means only, will lead to the best results. The English govern ment found this when they first tried to suppress drunkenness. The people did not like to be treated contrary to nature, and they drunkfor spite. But we have the most indubitable practical proof that magisterial means will never.succeed in getting people toabstainfrom intoxicating liquors, in the community of the Wesleyan Methodists. John Wesley was thoroughly convinced of the evil nature of spirituous liquors ; and he caused arguments for their disuse to form the subject of repeated " Minutes of Conference." In one of his sermons which form the artillery magazine of the church, he leve)s the most awful language ever penned by man, against the manufacturers and venders of these lilluor: and in the Rules of the society he strictly forbida any member either to buy, sell, or use them 'except in cases of extreme necessity. Now the commuhity which Mr. Wesley founded was a very select religi ous community ; and his followers generally have been accustomed to regard him with the utmost degree of veneration, so that if it were possible for arbitrary laws to secure total abstinence from intoxicating drinks, the laws which were delivered by Mr. W. would do It: but it is well known that these laws have not secured an object so desirable. If Mr. W. had acted upon more liberal principles principles in accordance with the rights of man he would have gained his object much better, and his authority would have been preserved inviolate; whereas now, those who are called by his name just regard his laws as far as they judge convenient. I have sometimes tried the effect of Mr. W.'s artillery upon members of that body, and have invariably found that they would defend their right's at the canon's mouth," and would rather lose their Methodistic existence than abstain at the simple command of John Wesley. Our colonial magistrates have also furnished us with material for practical and 'living details in proof of the same thin:g. I do not believe, Sir, that our magistrates, as a body, would do any wrong if they knew it. They have given us abun dant evidence that if any publican be a person of bad character, it is not necessary to appeal to the Legislative Council to interfere with their duty: but it is a little amusing to contemplate the wisdom to which some of them have attained in these clays of general enlightenment. One has contended for a diminution in the number of public houses, because an honest man could not get a living in the business. And another in a somewhat lengthy speech, laid peculiar stress upon the fact that the publicans in the town of Liverpool had signified to the -magistrates that they would approve of a magisterial limitation to their own number. If we were to receive such principles as these, we might adopt a law similar to that of Pharaoh's of old, which would cause all the male children of the populace to be strangled at the birth, because there are too many people in the world for an honest man to make a living. And it would also be a signal for the end of all strife when the government officers should object to any measure of reform among themselves, because their opinion on that point would have to be received at the very climax of the public voice. But, perhaps Mr. Moiore was influenced to his opinion by some of the teetotalers who presumed that because there is a resemblance in sound between the words publicans and public, and that some of the publicans having signed their memorial to have the number of public houses diminished, therefore that memorial should be con sidered as emanating from the public. All such stuff as this, however, is must flimsy ; and, as Lord Brougham said, in a recent speech in Parliament., "' proceeding from tihe mouth to the ear, but not coming from the brain to the heart," anti of course altogether beneath tºe ' dignity of magistrates. And, to come to the point, such principles as these will ever defeat their own purpose. Pharoah found this to be the case, when the more lie afflicted the children of Israel, the more they multiplied and grew a and everybody knows that monopoly in business has a natural tendency to encourage im position and extortion a whereas a free and legit. mate competition is tile most enfficient means for promoting practical honesty. To adduce any living details in proof of this is perfectly needless. And as to the motive which leads publicans to wish for a restriction in -the number of licensed houses, we may learn what that Is fronm the fact that some of them have employed legal gentlemen at Launceston to plead for their private Interests, when appliea tions have been made for licenses in their own immediate neighbourhood. In an Isolated neigh b.iurhood, where there is no public house, it would be well to have none, so long as it is practicable to trefuse a license; but if gentlemen in such neigh bourhoods keep good supplies of intoxicating liquors for themselves and friends, it is natural that work Ing people should think that they have an equal right for a glass now and then; and if they wish to put that right in practice, it would be much better to have a public house than a sly grog shop. And when one public house is opened, if twenty other persons of general good character, and who have suitable premises, should apply for licenses, they ought to be granted, for such persons would not apply for licenses without some reasonable prospect of making a living in the trade; under such circumstances it does more harm to refuse licenses than to grant them. It does harm to the publicans already in the business by giving them a lucrative monopoly, and it does harm to some of the justices who may perhaps have an indirect interest in some of the publicans, or public houses, by furnishing them with a temptation to use their influence in support of the monopoly; and some times, perhaps, a rough-spun justice of the peace owes the proprietor of some public house a private grudge, and he says within himself, "Ala, the rascal, 'll serve him out;" and he perhaps succeeds in robbing his victim to a considerable amount every year. And all this has a pernicious effect upon the public by creating a feverish anxiety after public houses. Many persons when they see what a profitable trade that of a publican is, are willing to go to a great expense in the hope that they may succeed in getting a license. This, Sir, was pre cisely the state of things at Perth. Six persons all at once applied for licenses in that small township; they never thought they would all get a license; but just then the magistrates turned from the short rule to the long one, and opening the door quite wide, they let the applicantsfall headlong upon their faces. ihey had been holding the tree down with all their might to one side, and when they could not well hold it any longer, they let it go full swing to the opposite extreme, and it gave the poor publicans such a shaking that it nearly ruined them all. But six public houses in Perth did no more harm to teetotal principles than two; and for the teetotalers to labour to get the magistrates to diminish the number is worse than " beating the air ;" and so long as they spend their energies so foolishly, the poor Temperance Herald will have -to go a begging, sure enough. If the magistrates had let the trade at Perth have its own legitimate -course, there would perhaps have been four public houses,' but no person would have been so foolish as to apply for a fifth and sixth; but by interrupt ing that course they have made sad bungling work; and the results .of their first taking the uhort rule and then the long one into the seat of justice, have been somewhat serious, and it will take some time yet before they are remedied. AN OLD TEBTOTALRa. 