Domestic Intelligence. REVOLTING FANATICISM.—An extra- ordinary sensation has been created at the Mauritius, by the discovery of a most revolting act of fanaticism by a Roman Catholic priest stationed there. It seems that from the reports which had got abroad relative to the death of a Ro- man Catholic female, it was considered necessary to hold a Coroner's Inquest on the remains, at which the horrible fact transpired that about two hours after the death of the unfortunate woman from na- tural causes, the priest, Father Egremont, called at the house, and proceeding to the bed where the remains lay, took a pen- knife from his pocket, and despite the urgent remonstrances of the bereaved husband, ripped up the abdomen of the deceased, and took from the womb a life- less fœtus, of between five and six months growth, and baptizing it in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, re- stored it again to the womb. The horror and indignation which the discovery of such a revolting proceeding gave birth to throughout the length and breadth of the Island, was so ex….. nor, Sir William ... priests salary, …. the Island with …. as it may appear, ... the matter was a…. Ro- man Catholic Bishop, and attempted to be justified in the Roman Catholic journals. DARING ATTEMPT AT ROBBERY—About six o'clock last evening, a young girl, the daughter of a respectable resident on the Goulburn, was stopped by a ruffian in Flinders-lane, and her money de- manded. The child denied having any, when the fellow used threats of violence to intimidate her, but she succeeded in escaping from him. The terror incident to such an unexpected attack prevented her from giving the alarm, and the robber consequently escaped immediate apprehension. THE REV. IRVING HETHERINGTON—The members of the Scotch Church at Single- ton, and others, have determined upon giving the Rev. I. Hetherington a sub- stantial proof of the golden opinions that he has won among them, by presenting him with a purse of sovereigns previous to his departure for Melbourne.—Mait- land Mercury. A RUNAWAY CONVICT.—John Stern, alias James Jacobs, was again brought up at the Police Office on Tuesday, charged on suspicion of being a runaway convict from Van Diemen's Land. The prisoner had stated on a former ex- amination that he could adduce testimony in sup- port of his assertion that he was free ; but upon being called, the parties who had been named (one of whom is supposed to be the brother of the prisoner) did not appear. Constable Ball, of the District Police, deposed that he knew the pri- soner in Van Diemen's Land so recently as last January, and that he was then a prisoner of the crown. The prisoner had asserted at a previous examination that he had been in Melbourne since December last. The description endorsed on the certificate which the prisoner produced in proof of his freedom, not agreeing with his personal ap- pearance, and his statement being at variance with the particulars set forth therein, the Bench de- cided upon his being re-shipped to Van Diemen's Land. THE LATE CASE OF SUICIDE.—In our last we briefly announced the melancholy fate of Mr. Alexander Laird, who met his death by poison, taken, it was supposed, intentionally. We have little to add to the particulars then given which were substantially correct. An in- quiry was made by Captain Fyans into the cause of death, when the principal facts elicited were, that the deceased had been occasionally addicted to drinking, and had always, on returning to his senses, felt his disgrace with a morbid acuteness. The medical witnesses, after examining the con- tents of the stomach, and applying the usual tests, gave evidence that the deceased had taken a very large dose of Prussic acid. The bottle in which the acid had been contained was found next morning in the fireplace, and the cork was found on the table. The bottle was of a peculiar kind, and the several druggists in the town de- posed that he could not have procured the poison from them ; so that the interference is, that he had it in his possession for a considerable period. Previous to swallowing the poison, be was seen by Mr. Scott's assistant to take the bottle con- taining spirits of wine from the shelf, and drink a portion, apparently for the purpose of nerving himself for the perpetration of the dreadful deed. No other circumstances besides remorse for giving way to drink, can be traced as the cause of the temporary insanity under which he must have been labouring at the time. His accounts were found to be perfectly correct; and no note or writing of any kind has been discovered, which can throw the least light upon the affair.—Gee- long Advertiser. ROBBERY.—For some time past it has been the practice of the "Shoemakers' Society," to deposit their funds in a chest left in an upper room in the Farmer's Hotel, Collins-lane, from which on Tuesday evening last it was extracted. Suspicion attaches to two persons who had ordered lodgings for the night, which they only occupied for a short time and went away again. Neither of the parties have since been heard of. The amount taken from the box is said to exceed £43. CONVICTION.—A ticket of leave for this province has been issued to William Andrew, per Maitland. FANCY .... specimens of c.... wood, are open ... Mr. Crook. A .... dressing cases, &c.;, ?— rooms, are well worthy the notice of the public ; and certainly deserve attention, not only for their elegance of appearance, but as developing the applicability of Colonial timber to all purposes for which foreign material has hitherto been used. TRANSPORTATION.—A statement has been going the round of the papers, that Govern- ment intend to discontinue sending male convicts to Van Diemen's Land, and to found a penal establishment in the Isle of Portland. We doubt whether the views of Government, in re- ference to the question of secondary punishments, are so far matured as to be embodied in a specific plan ; but the rumour is probably based upon a foundation of truth. Government, we have rea- son to believe, have arrived at the conclusion that, in order to a fair trial of any experiments they may institute for the improvement of prison discipline, and a good system of secondary pu- nishments, as also on the score of economy, it is necessary that these experiments be made at home, immediately under their own superintend- ence and control, not with the diameter of the globe between them. Nay, we believe we are not going too far when we state that there is a strong inclination to abolish the punishment of transportation altogether.—(London) Express, Nov. 28. THEFT.—On Wednesday, Thomas Walker, a youth of seventeen years of age, was brought up at the Police-office, charged by his master, Mr. J. T. Smith, of the St. John's Tavern, with having stolen a pound note from the till of the bar on the previous evening. Ser- geant Allsworth deposed that on being called upon to search the lad, he denied that he had a note in his possession ; but, upon being requested to empty the contents of his pocket upon the table, the prisoner, after some hesitation, took out a £1 note, and admitted that it was the one lost from the till. Mr. Smith stated that he had ordered the prisoner not to go near the till, in consequence of some suspicion having attached to him with respect to a shilling on a former oc- casion. The prisoner is a Parkhurst boy, per Maitland. Committed for trial. RACING.—The match between Petrel and Paganini is off. Gay Lad and Smolensko, and Liberty and May Queen will contest their respective matches over the Melbourne Course on Tuesday next, the 27th instant. Mr. R. Wells, of the Golden Fleece, Pentridge, applied to the licensing bench on Wednesday last for permission to sell liquors on the course during the day, but his application was refused. HORSE-STEALING.—A man named John Scott was brought before the Mayor yesterday, charged with having taken a horse, the property of .... from the door of the Star ?— next, (being the third .... quarter of an hour afterwards it had been re- moved. On looking down Swanston- street, how- ever, the prisoner was seen riding the horse at a brisk rate towards the Yarra Bridge, where he was overtaken by a man named Weir, who took the horse from him, and Scott proceeded on over the bridge. Mr. Heffernan, one of the parties in pursuit, soon overtook him, when Scott offered some resistance, and a constable coming up he was given into custody. In defence the prisoner asserted that Mr. Anderson had given him the horse in charge to water, which was not contra- dicted by Mr. A., who had, he said, been drink- ing a good deal in the course of the day, and could not positively recollect whether he had or not. The testimony of the other witnesses being unfavorable to the accused, the Mayor ordered him to find two sureties in the sum of £20 each, to answer any charge that may be preferred against him by the Crown Prosecutor. THE RUFFIAN KEEN.–A second war- rant was issued for the apprehension of the ruffian Keen, who stands charged with attempting the murder of Clark Freshney, for a similarly atro- cious outrage committed by him on a compositor of the name of Williams, on the Saturday even- ing preceding the outrage at the London Inn. It seems that Mr. Williams was assailed by the ruffian without provocation of any kind being given, that he was struck down with such vio- lence that three of his ribs were broken, the ruffian continuing to abuse his victim until the in- tervention of a neighbour saved his life. Mr. Williams suffered so severely from the injuries he sustained that his life was at one period con- sidered in danger, and it was not until Wednes- day that he sufficiently recovered to be able to attend at the Police-office to give information of the outrage. The only clue to the ruffian's mo- tives for committing such a desperate outrage, that has transpired, was his styling Mr. Williams an Orangeman, a conclusion in which he was mistaken. TANNED SHEEPSKINS.–A Mr. Cameron, who has recently established a tannery at Parra- matta, is preparing sheepskins with the wool on, for carriage mats and other domestic purposes, in a very superior manner, they are remarkably soft and pleasant to the feel, and what is of no small importance, are much cheaper than the same description of article imported from Eng- land.–S. M.Herald. OUR REPRESENTATIVES.—Mr. Foster, M. C. proceeded to Sydney by the Shamrock on Wednesday morning, to be in attendance at the opening of the Legislative Council. Mr Brews- ter, M. C., is still here—but small loss that same. PROGRESS OF ORANGEISM.–We have again the gratification of announcing the opening of a new Orange Lodge. The protestants of Windsor and the vicinity have mustered nobly on this occasion ; and as the district is populous, we may hope that another Lodge will speedily be opened in some of the other towns–Sydney Sen- tinel. ANNUAL LICENSING SESSION. Tuesday, 20th April. PRESENT—His Worship the Mayor (in the chair), Major St. John, Dr. Wilmot, James Smith, Esq., and Captain Hutton, the Licensing Justices. On the opening of the Court the Mayor directed the list of applicants to be read over, and requested that intimation might be given in any case in which it was proposed to offer opposi- tion. The only cases which appeared to create discussion were those of Mr. Powell Courtier and Mr. M. Hayes, each of whom had applied for a license for the same premises. The Mayor having read the application of Mr. Powell Courtier, and the certificate annexed to it. Mr Sidney Stephen, barrister-at-law, appeared to oppose the issue of a license to Mr. Courtier, and in support of the opposing applicant, Mr. Hayes. Mr. Stephen observed, that the right of occupancy on the part of Mr. Courtier would cease in a few days after the commencement of the license, even should it be granted : (while, on the contrary, Mr. Hayes would become the legi- timate tenant–the landlord of the premises hav- ing let them to Hayes ; and contended that, without right of occupancy, the bench could not entertain the application of a person at all. Mr. J. P. Smith, solicitor, intimated that he was instructed to oppose both applications on be- half of a Mr. Sullivan, of the Star Inn, an ad- joining licensed house. Mr. Courtier appeared on his own behalf, and stated that he had been at considerable expense and trouble to adapt the premises to the purposes of an Inn, and that the landlord had deceived him when he expressed a willingness to continue ?— yet, within a few hours after- wards, had let the premises to Mr. Hayes. Mr. S. Stephen urged that the magistrates had no discretion, as the applicant would not have the right of tenancy, and without it a license would be valueless. He (Mr. S.) would, how- ever, avail himself of the certificate attached to Mr. Courtier's application, showing the necessity for another licensed house in the neighbourhood. Mr. Hayes had caused the improvements re- quired at the time of a former application being made ; and, with respect to an observation which had been made as to the impropriety of licensing houses in opposition to each other, the learned gentleman considered that such a course, parti- cularly if the original license was in the hands of a respectable person, acted as a check rather than otherwise, for they would watch each other. Mr. Smith thanked Mr. Stephen for his obser- vations–the house of Mr. Sullivan was well conducted. Mr. Sullivan had no desire of monopoly ; there were nine licensed houses in the vicinity already ; on application for the transfer of the license from the Scottish Chiefs to the same premises had been refused ; the house was inadequately furnished ; had no stabling ; the thoroughfare, he asserted, would, in all pro- bability, be less used on the opening of the pro- posed new market, and, consequently, the de- mand for public accommodation would decrease. The bench having attended to the arguments of the opposing parties, proceeded to call over the names of the remaining applicants, and then ad- journed, to deliberate upon their respective merits. In about two hours they returned into the Police-office, and we subjoin a list of the de- cisions :— LICENSES RENEWED. John Allee, Freemason's Family Hotel, Collins- lane P. Anderson, Commercial Inn, Collins-street H. Baker, Imperial Inn, Collins- street R. Barry, Woolpack Inn, Queen-street R. Browne, Shamrock Inn, Elizabeth-street G. Brownhill, Traveller's Rest, Collingwood W. Collins, Hibernian Inn, Elizabeth-street J. W. Cowell, Royal Hotel, Collins-street J. W. Coulson, Clarence Hotel, Collins-street John Dunn, Harp of Erin, King- street James Dunbell, Waterman's Arms, Little Col- lins-street R. Dowling, Lord Nelson, Bourke-street John Dowling, Black Boy, Collins-lane David Denham, Black Horse, Elizabeth-street W. Evans, Duke of Kent, Lonsdale- street Josiah Gettins, Mechanics' Arms, Little Collins- street Thomas Gordon, Pastoral Hotel, Queen-street A. Gordon, Bridge Hotel, Flinders- lane James Goldie, Governor Arthur, Little Bourke- street C. Greenaway, Cornwall Arms, Bourke-street F. Hobson, Royal Exchange, Collins- street John Henrieson, White Hart Inn, Little Bourke- street Thomas Hague, Old Scottish Hotel, Bourke- street Rody Heffernan, Horse and Jockey, Little Bourke-street J. S. Johnstone, Southern Cross, Bourke-street James Jamieson, Eagle Inn, Bourke-street D. Kelly, Fitzroy Arms, King-street James Keary, Melbourne Tavern, Elizabeth- street Elias Kettle, Yarra Hotel, Wharf James Liddy, Adam and Eve, Collins-lane Timothy Lane, Builders' Arms, Collins-lane Michael Lynch, Little Bourke-street Elizabeth J. McGuire, Red Lion, Lonsdale- street D. McKerchar, Crown Inn, Queen-street John McMillan, Caledonian Hotel, Lonsdale- street Julia Murray, Melbourne Hotel, Elizabeth- street James Murray, Prince of Wales, Flinders-lane Matthew Neave, Prince Albert, Collins-street John O'Shea, Friend-in-Hand, Collins-lane J. O'Brien, Farmer's Hotel, Collins-lane J. C. Passmore, Shakspeare Hotel, Collins- lane F. Reilly, Devonshire Arms, Collingwood C. Rochford, Daniel O'Connell Inn, Bourke- street James Reardon, Star and Garter Inn, Collins- lane John Shanks, Royal Highlander, Flinders- lane George Somerville, Bush Inn, Elizabeth-street J. T. Smith, St. John's Tavern, Queen-street Michael Sullivan, Star Inn, Queen-street George Say, St. George and Dragon, Lonsdale- street Thomas Short, Elephant and Castle, Little Bourke-street T. B. Sibering, Market Square Hotel, Market- square John Tighe, Donnybrook Inn, Flinders-lane J. G. Taylor, Baker's Arms, Elizabeth-street G. Vinge, Golden Fleece, Bourke-street James Woodman, Queen's Head, Queen-street John Wood, William Tell, Little Collins- street Richard Wicks, Waterloo Inn, Little Collins- street William Wilkinson, Albion Hotel, Bourke- street APPLICATIONS FOR RENEWALS POSTPONED. W. Blannin, Edinburgh Castle, Flinders-Lane, deficiency of furniture and yard in bad condi- tion. Patrick Bourke, Australian Inn, Bourke-street, ditto ditto. J. Cavenagh, Brien Boru, Queen-street, yard, &c.; in bad repair. D. Connell, Thurles Inn, Elizabeth-street, yard, &c.; in bad condition. P. Costello, Scottish Chiefs, Lonsdale-street, premises in bad condition. Thomas Graham, British Hotel, Queen-street F. Liardet, Beach Pier Hotel ; repairs, &c.;, of house having been neglected. Thomas Mickle, Union, Elizabeth-street ; yard in bad condition, and fence out of repair. The Chief Constable said the necessary alterations had already been effected. The Mayor said the license will be granted at the next meeting. T. Ryan, London Inn, Market Square; pending the enquiry relative to the assault on Clark Freshney. G. S. Smith, Victoria Inn, Little Bourke-street. John Woodlock, Rose Thistle and Shamrock ; Elizabeth-street ; the yard not being properly secured. APPLICATIONS FOR NEW LICENSES GRANTED. G. Coates, Scottish Hotel, Bourke-street. John Gregory, Bird-in-Hand, Flinders-lane. Joseph Howard, Royal Hotel, St. Kilda. Joseph Newman, Apollo, corner of Flinders-lane and Russell-street. Robert Threlkeld, Saracen's Head, Bourke st. APPLICATIONS FOR NEW LICENSES POSTPONED. F. E. Falkiner, Royal Oak, Queen-street ; to af- ford time for inspecting the premises. M. Hayes, Odd Fellows' Arms, Swanston-street. Patrick Londrigan, Bazaar Inn, Bourke-street ; premises not completed. Patrick Mornane, Clare Castle, Stephen-street, ditto. T. Monaghan, Queen's Arms, Swanston-street and Flinders-lane ; the building not being com- plete. John O'Connell, Rose and Crown, Collingwood, ditto. William Riley, Cross Keys, Lonsdale-street ; for inspection by the magistracy. APPPLICATIONS FOR NEW LICENSES REFUSED. R. Brettargh, La Trobe Arms, corner of Flin- ders-lane and Queen-street. John Brown, Dublin Arms, Elizabeth-street. J. P. Courtier, Help-me-through-the-World, cor- ner of Swanston and Little Bourke-streets. Samuel Halfpenny, Old White Hart, Bourke- street. P. Kennedy, Rock of Cashel, Swanston-street. Andrew Ritchey, Duke of Wellington Hotel, Bourke-street ; premises not built. ?— Royal Oak, Elizabeth-street. STEAM PACKET LICENSES GRANTED. Vesta–H. Conway. Diamond–W. Wetheridge. Aphrasia–E. W. Toby. CONFECTIONERS' LICENSES GRANTED. Thomas Aitken, Collins-street D. Dunlop, ditto John Featley, Bourke-street G. Gascoigne, Elizabeth-street Grace P. Hamilton, ditto W. Hutchins, Little Bourke-street John Jennings, Bourke-street Bernard McKeevor, ditto J. McDermott, Little Collins-street James Pink, Collingwood Margaret Carroll, Elizabeth-street The chairman signified that the Bench disap- proved of wooden buildings as licensed houses. The Court then adjourned until Saturday, (to- morrow.) DISTRICT ANNUAL LICENSING SESSIONS. Wednesday, 21st April, 1847. Present—Major St. John (in the chair) James Smith, H. P. Dana, and R. W. Pohlman, Esqrs. The Annual Licensing Session for the District of Bourke sat by adjournment from the previous day, at eleven o'clock, when the Bench proceeded to call over the names of the applicants for Dis- trict Licenses. On the name of Mr. Colclough, of the Fountain Inn, Mercer's Vale, being called, the chairman observed it had been intimated to him that Mr. Colclough had not afforded proper facility to the police in the apprehension of a man named Gregg, a runaway convict, charged with felony. Mr. Colclough denied having any knowledge whatever of the man being either a prisoner of the crown or a felon, or of ever having been made acquainted with the circumstances of the case. Mr. Brodie, the District Chief Constable, stated that an affidavit had been made by a man named Browseu, as to the conduct of Mr. Colclough in the affair, but the affidavit, he believed, had been removed from its place in the police office, and was not to be found. Mr. George Cavenagh opposed the application of George Mould, of Richmond, on the ground of an additional house not being required. LICENSES RENEWED. W. H. Budd, Kinlochewe Inn, Kinlochewe Walter Butler, Ship Inn, William's Town D. Bowman, Darebin Hotel, Darebin Creek C. Bellinger, Hunter's Rest, Mercer's Vale J. M. Crosbie, Brighton Hotel, Brighton J. E. Crook, Woolpack Inn, Bacchus' Marsh J. Crossley, Richmond Hotel, Richmond John Dunn, Squatter's Rest, No Good Damper Robert Duff, Pilgrim Inn, Plenty Road William Dawson, Albion Hotel, William's Town James Edgar, Bridge Inn, River Plenty Benjamin Hancock, Punt Inn, Richmond George Bransgrove, Young Queen, Pascoville Henry Kellett, Bush Inn, Salt Water River George Leech, Somerton Inn, Somerton Michael McEachern, Keilor Inn, Keilor D. W. O'Nial, Lady of the Lake, Springs G. Stanway, Retreat Inn, Brunswick Robert Wells, Golden Fleece, Pentridge W. Wright, Bridge Inn, Deep Creek NEW LICENSES GRANTED. G. Jackson, Bush Inn, Mount Macedon Robert Keys, Little Brighton Hotel, Little Brighton (A petition against the granting of this license was presented from a number of ladies, residing on the special survey at Brighton, who seemed to think that the concession of such a privilege to a bachelor applicant was a direct infringement of the vested rights of the fair sex. The magis- trates, however, granted the license, no doubt expecting that the applicant would take the hint and provide himself with a helpmate before next licensing day.) POSTPONED. Thomas Colclough, Fountain Inn, Mercer's Vale Algernon Lyndsay, Woolpack Inn, William's Town REFUSED. F. E. Falkiner, Royal Oak, Dandenong George Mould, Turk's Head, Richmond Michael Sweedy, Richmond Hotel, Richmond. In such cases as the bench deemed that there was a deficiency of accommodation, it was stated to the applicants that their licenses were granted on condition of the necessary improvements being made. The Court then adjourned to the 24th instant. GEELONG ANNUAL LICENSING SES- SION. Tuesday, 20th April, 1847. LICENSES GRANTED. Abram Atkins, Corio-terrace. Charles Beal, Waterloo-plains. George Connor, Little River. Stephen Duggan, Corio-street. John Day, Newtown. Alexander Forbes, Wardiyallock. Thomas Gregory, Carngham. John Hancock, Geelong. Thomas Hill, Lake Colac. David Hill, Brown's Creek. Harry Hooton, (late Priest's). John Haimes, Marrabool Creek. Edward Langhorne, Wardiyallock. William Lewis, Marrabool and Malop-streets, Patrick McKeevor, Fyans-street. Francis McNally, Marrabool-street. Peter Mason, Corio and Yarra-streets. John Miles, Mount Elephant. Francis Ormond, River Leigh. P. H. O'Hara, Bates Ford. Elizabeth Phillips, Corio-street. Martin Priest, Yarra street. T. C. Riddle, Malop-street. George Radford, Ashby Village. John Rudge, Yarra and Malop-streets. George Reekey, Marrabool-street. Thomas Storey, Lake Timboon. Martin Tracey, Yarra-street. John Veitch, Buninyong. John Walker, Fiery Creek. Lewis Walker, Ballan. REFUSED. William Arthur, Newtown. Oliver Adams, River Leigh. Charles Greenwood, South Geelong. John Hasset, Geelong. John Reardon, Marrabool-street. Edward Rourke, Fyans-street, South Geelong. Edward Walford, Geelong. POSTPONED. Patrick Hede, Little Malop-street. CONFECTIONERS' LICENSES GRANTED. John Dupe, Corio-street. Thomas Howe, Corio-street. MOUNT MACEDON ANNUAL LICEN- SING SESSION. Tuesday, 20th April, 1847. Present—E. Grimes, Esq., C.C.L., J. C. Rid- dell, and H. J. Mitchell, Esquires. GENERAL LICENSES GRANTED. T. A. Gibbon, Carlsruhe Inn, Mount Macedon C. Bertram, Campaspe – Carpenter, Loddon ; J. Mitton, Currency Lad, Kilmore H. Morris, Kilmore Inn, Kilmore G. Lewis, Seymour Hotel, Seymour Reay Clarke, Sunday Creek –Johnstone, Lower Loddon S. Hawkins, Porcupine Inn, Mount Alexander —McAuley, Mount Macedon. REFUSED. R. Bateman, Bush Inn, Sugar Loaf Creek J. L. Lincoln, Seymour. The Bench intimated that the recognizances would be taken on the first Monday in the en- suing month. TOWN COUNCIL. Thursday, 22nd April, 1847. Present his Worship the Mayor ; Alderman Russell ; Councillors Armitstead, Campbell, Clarke, Johnstone, McCombie, and Smith. MINUTES. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. MR. CROKE. The Town Clerk read a letter from his Honor the Superintendent, inclosing the following far- ther opinion from the Law Officers of the Crown in reference to Mr. Crown Prosecutor Croke's interference with the Corporation :— "The objections taken by Mr. Croke appear to us to be very nearly answered by the Mayor of Melbourne. "With respect to the ground, the absence of all right in the Corporation of Melbourne to grant licenses to dig and remove, it is fully con- ceded ; but the notices issued by the late Mayor, and the act of granting licenses by the Town Surveyor, (although these matters are even shewn not to have emanated from the Town Council,) fully justified, in our opinion, the interpretation of the Crown Prosecutor. "As regards the water, we think that the Corporation had no right to assume the power to give the permission for which Messrs. Knight, and others, petitioned the Council ; even though they imposed no fee or tare in respect to such permission. "We do not however doubt that this was a mere error, and that no revenue has been derived from the license given ; but at the same time, we think that by receiving and granting the prayer of the petition, the Corporation were involved in a public assumption of the right with respect to the soil, which might well call for immediate challenge on the part of the crown. ("Signed) "J. H. PLUNKETT, "Attorney-General. "W. H. MANNING, "Solicitor-General." Directed to be taken into consideration in connexion with the 5th order of the day. MARKET CRAFTS. The Town Clerk said the .... Mr. Williams, .... poration, touch .... grant to Market Lands to the Corporation, his opinion thereon. Deferred for consideration at next meeting. NIGHT AUCTIONS. Councillor McCombie presented a petition from a number of persons styling themselves shop-keepers, and others, praying the Council to reconsider the resolution arrived at, at last meeting, for petitioning the Legislature to put a stop to night auctions. The petition was received and ordered to be taken into consideration, the Mayor drawing attention to the fact, that great numbers of the signatures were in the same handwriting. THE TOWN MAGISTRACY. The Council then proceeded to take into con- sideration the opinion of the law officers of the Crown, relative to Lieut. Mair's appointment to the Town Magistracy, which was as follows :— "We are of opinion that the commission, in Her Majesty's name, appointing Lieut. Mair to be a Magistrate for the Town of Melbourne, is valid, and not an infringement of the rights, pri- vileges, or immunities of the Corporation of that town ; and we are further of opinion that this gentleman is a 'paid magistrate,' within the meaning of the 64th section of the Melbourne Corporation Act, and therefore capable of holding a commission from the Governor, in direct ac- cordance with that clause." The Mayor said this opinion was so obviously at variance with the opinion given by the law officers of the Crown, in March 1844, when Major St. John, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Airey, and Captain Bunbury, were removed from the Town commission of the peace, that he thought the Council ought to seek some explanation as to the grounds upon which the learned gentlemen had arrived at their decision, and as to wherein the difference consisted between Lieut. Mair's appointment and those of the gentlemen referred to. A motion to this effect was accordingly made by Councillor Johnston, seconded by Councillor Armitstead, which was adopted. THE TOWN SURVEYOR. On the motion of Councillor Clarke, the Pub- lic Works' Committee were instructed to enquire and report as to the amount of remuneration which ought, in their opinion, to be given to the Town Surveyor for his expense and trouble in preparing the plans of the levels of the several streets and lanes of the town. ELIZABETH-STREET. A proposition of Mr. Wayman to keep Eliza- beth-street in repair for six months, which had been submitted to the Council, was negatived. MR. CROKE. The Council then proceeded with the consi- deration of the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown in reference to Mr. Crown Prosecutor Croke's intermeddling with the Corporation, which is quoted above. As it appeared that the justification of Mr. Croke's conduct, which these learned functionaries had given had now subsided into the opinion that in "granting the prayer of Messrs. Alison and Knight's petition, the Corporation were involved in a public assumption of the right with respect to the soil which might well call for challenge on the part of the Crown," the Mayor was instructed to request that the learned gentleman might be apprised that the soil passed through by the water pipes laid down by Messrs. Alison and Knight and others, was not the property of the Crown, but part and parcel of one of the proclaimed pub- lic thoroughfares, of which the whole manage- ment and control is vested in the Corporation. The Council then adjourned. SUPREME COURT—SYDNEY. SITTINGS IN BANCO. Friday, 16th April, 1847. Before their Honors the three Judges In the special case from Port Phillip, Orr v. Davidson.—Mr. Foster appeared to support a motion for a new trial. Mr. Broadhurst appeared contra. The Court after arguments heard, dismissed the motion with costs, being of opinion that the judgment of the court below should be sus- tained. 