THE MIGHT OF MAMMON. (From Lloyd's Weekly Paper, Feb. 21.) Everybody, knows that in all (so called) civilised countries, a certain iufluence at taches to, the. man who happens to be the posse*sor., of money ; but it is not univer sally. known, that in no country on, thei face of: the earth' is: money:so potential as ini England. :\1't nupney will'procure, stated, bye way of simple propositionl it needs not the ghost of Croesus escaped out of its urn, to tell us.'! Everything that is vendible is of. course at the command of him who ha the wherewithal to purchase it; but in this free, enlightened, and glorious country of ours, many things are .bought and sold which do -not,: at the first glance, or even after an attentive observation. of them, seem to be 'precisely the sort of articles which ought properly to be made matters of bar-* gain- and sale. The degree of respect paid in. England to the representative of so much coin, amounts to a species of idolatry. In miads f -cases this worship is of the most unconscious and disinterested character. Even where the devotee has no reason to suppose that he .shall be one farthing the better for prostrating himself before his idol -even when he of the money. bag does not fora-moment intend the.advantige of his creature, and when he.does not mean, or has not the power, to do him an injury; nevertheless, an ablject homage is paid which shows irresistibly that the wherewithal. is worshipped- for itself alone. It follows, as a natural consequence, that .the wretch who happens to be without this peculiar claim to respect, comes in for that share of contempt and disgust which may .be expected in a land where money is held in higher vene ration than morals-nay,, where ungi'ded virtue is rather of evil report ,than other wise. The late Sydney Smith said, that.to be poor in England, is to be infamous. It was a plain spoken and hard truth, which scarcely one out of a thousand. but would pronounce fidalse or a calumny ; but which halfof the thousand daily do their best to verify. .. Johnson has also told us that Slow rises worth by poverty depressed;.: the reason being, ,not that the' actual po verty of-the worthy man is the chief obsta cde, but that thle fact of his being poor, is of itself an argument against his possesasion of worth. 'L'his is a very aristocratic country. What opinions the mass of the people may have have formed, and may from time to time express, of of the E1ng lish nobility, thesre never was a time when that nobility held themselves more haughtil_ aloof, or segregated themselves more assi duously from the body of their fellow countrymen. Yet, fond as they are of their high and ancient birth-gloryas tney deem it, that their ancestors "came in" with the Norman bastard, conimonly called the Conqueror-one good qudlity in a com moner kindly coammends itself to their re spectful consideration, and that, is, wealth. I.et hblie othlerwise what lie may, so he be a man with a stake in the country we're for him. " He is one of us." He is a man of wealth and station. But in' order to elucidate this, we nmust once more allude to certain proceedings in our police courts, whichl are constantly reprobated by the press, but which no censure, however pub lic, appears able to meet. A well-dresser ruffian is brotught before a mtagtstrate, charged with an assault; a gin-bewildered journeyman, or laborer, is similarly chai-ged, and.takes his place by "the gentleman." Ilis worship does not exactly decide in the words of scripture, " The one shall be taken and the other left;" but the poor man is taken to prison for two or three months, and the gentleman has to pay a fine of five pounds. Now, not to dwell upon the fact, which is so often urged, that in many cases the five-pound fine is merely a trifling punishment to the well-dressed ruffian; it will be found that, in a majority of instances, the poor man, for an exactly similar offence, pays much more than tihe other. inot to speak of the disgrace and misery of two months' imprisonnment, sup posing such to be the time to which a journeyman or a labourer is sentenced, the wages lie is deprived of' earning would, at a moderate comnpuation,- amount to nearly double the sum the "gentleman "paid, just before lhe made his exit from' the office, "'congratulated by his 'friends." "But'it is said a: magistrate cannot inflict a higher fine than five pounds. But he can, as we' see comtnmitt to prison or send' foi trial at the sessions, neither of which dbes'ýhe ever do in such cases, when he has a gentleman to deal with. Again ; there is scarcely a crime, however odious, but bail will be taken for it, if it be charged against " a highly respectable man." in the case of a poor man, known to be poor, bail, of course, is nevie' mehtioned; because there is little or no likelihood that he could obtain it. [ie:is shnt to prison to abide liis trial: while the friends oel the other enter ihto recognizances and walk away, arm-in-arm with- tlhe prisoner.. " If: ' had' bought a pardon, 'before I left -England," said Sir" \altor -Raleigh, when they anatched a judgment against'himn for an alleged offence committed. fifteen years before, "' 1 slh'ould have been safe." Bought a pardon I The thing was common enough in the first James's reign : we now turn up our eyes atit in hIor ror. Butlwhat is bail but buyinga pardon; or, if, it he not precisely that-selling for a certain sum the means of escape from punishment.?. But- it isurged, " wouldlit not be a liard thing to incarcerate a man for months, awaiting hIis trial fon rman offence of which.he may be pronounced innocent when he is tried ?" But we see" that whenever a man cannot get bail he is so incarcerated.. But it is furthler pleaded "' It is still harder to incarcerate a man under such circumstances, wlhent.we remember. that thespirit of English law is that every man shall be reputed innocent till he is found guilty." What thie true meaning may be of this much. vaunted saying touchling the spirit of- English law, we do not know. If there be more meaning in it than that we do not sentence men: before they are tried, we are unable to discover it; The truthis -ands it can hardly be otherwise-the English law assumes the d?irect contrary of that' which: is claimed :for iit- ~It assumes that a man is guilty until' he is found to be innocent ; or it would notput.him.in prison or exact bail from hiin.- .It'is hardto-im prison ia man who may turn out, to be in nocent'; but it is harder for justice to let a man go free, after finding security for, a certain sum;, when he may be guilty. The system of bail is a concession to the influence 'of moneey. Under this system ai man may commit 'a crime and, purchase. impunity. But the influence of wealth and rank.per vades' "th? country. '. it fis=??en: :nd' felt everywhere.r :J It will' 6not ',be ailtlgethei apart from our subject if we notice briefly a little '-business that is now transacting, which -shows what impression the mere ownership of rank can produicein 'a'qbarter where we might least expect to fiind itai'c knowledged;, where, at least, it is most indecent to fitd' that' it is so-we mean at one of our universities. Thie lati Duke of Northumberland 'vas' Chancellor "of the University of- Cambridge.'. We mean no disrespect to that nobleman's memory, whei we say that he was,' mentally speaking, a very'ordinary person. Then, why. was he chosei ito'.he chancellor ?. He was a duke, and one of the wealthiest, if riot the most wealthy, of our peers. 'The herds of the 'unqivesity are about to choose his su'ccessor. .1iut now let us mention, a .circumstance. When James I. created his favourite, Robert Carr, Lord Rochlester, andahnlmost immn diately afterwards Earl of Somerset, tiis very university entreated the stupid and ignorant minion to become their chancellor. And why 'did they do 'this? They 'did it out'of 'a' base and ab~ject desire of pleasing the inonarclh. ,loreover,., Somerset was a man of rank,: and in their: reao4s stands the name, and, in' oPe ofttl'? t anlls hbangs 'probably t'ie' portral ' man 'who was sentenced to d jit ?yri r the >murder of Sir Thomas Ovc i.~r:~' One of their own sons -whose ? atmon at that time was un ait--iie of their greatest sons, the is ous Bacon, was passed over: unre rded. And now they declare that it is expedient that their chancellor should'be a peer of the realm.. Some "are for 'l;ail Powis, the brother-in-law of the late Duke of Northumberland ; some for the Marquis of Northampton ; but the majority think it would be well to ask Prin'ce Albert to permit himself to be put in nomination. The same evil spirit, we perceive, is still in the ascendant; that vile .prostrating' syco. plhancy which degrades the actor hardly more than .it disgraces the obiect of it. We do not ask what fitness for the appointment attaches to Prince Albert. We ask what claim can be put forward on his behalf which lie must not blush to hear preferred ? We believe the Prince to be amiable and accomplished. The universities by' going a begging for chancellors. among men. of rank, have made the office of chancellor one that can confer honour on niobody., We trust th t Prince Albert wiilr'not' permit' thlis greatne? to be thrust upon'liimn.i 