SAINT GEORGES CHURCH. On Sunday morning last the Rev. Mr. Fry renewed his confessions of faith. ,He took his text from the Apostles' Creed, " i bejieve in the Holy Ghost, the holy catholic church," &c.; — and his sermon was a complete acknowledg ment Ile truth of all we asserted last Thurs day, namely, that lie is in heart a Puseyite, and that' SfflfeGeorge's- Church only requires the wax tapeqjff and sundry other externals, to make it truly Roman Catholic in every shape and character. We feel compelled again to refer to this subject, because it is a matter of vast im portance. one in which the press may be very fairly expected to interfere. We will give tho essence of, Mr. Fry's discourse, and then offer a few observations. The reverend gentleman commenced his ser. man hy expressing his deep regret at the dis sensions in his congregation He said, he deep ly deplored them hut all he wanted was a strict observance of the forms of worship laid down in the Book of Common Prayer. The members of the congregation should however remember, that their minister sat in the seat of the Apos tles, that he was God's ambassador, that he has had the power of remission of sins conferred upon him, that he had also the power of dis pensing all religious gifts; that he joined with them in their confessions , and that it was his duty to bring them back to the Church from which they had strayed. The established Catholic Church was the only Church which had adhered unerringly to the true faith, and practice, as de clared by the Apostles. Its ministers were God's apostles, and it was lamentable to reflect on the number of sects which had sprung up and departed from the only true religion. Many persons were led to do so by those who were regardless of all forms, by those who wero averse to religion itself. lie for one was prepared for vexation and trouble, and as be saw such a spirit' of opposition in the congregation, be must say, that he regretted having up to the present time suppressed his own feelings, and in some mea sure compromised his duty by considering more what would lie agreeable to his congregation, than what was suited to them as persons whom it was his duty more especially to warn against the errors into which they had fallen. He would however no longer compromise his con science by giving way to prejudice and igno rance. He then declared that in future, he would require every person who intended to take the sacrament to call upon him the day previous for examination, when, if approved by him, a certificate of his fitness would be given. On the Thursdays of each week, he should also, in future, be prepared to receive visitors for re ligious conversation, and instruction, and in all such matters he would adhere strictly to the rules of the Church. " I am doing no more," s lid he, " but yet I am charged with preaching a new doctrine, and for doing this I must expect opposition." The reverend gentleman then went into the explanation of the term " altar," say ing, that in strict conformance with the rules of the Church an altar was necessary. The whole discourse was one on form, on the shadow rather than the substance, and it was evidont that the object sought was to enforce a belief, Igt the Catholic Church is the only true chraffikand that its foynis .of .worship, ..as laid doj9ranB6jS| Book of Common Prayer, are absolufejHp|3| cessary as religious observances. Throughout® he used the term " Catholic' in a manner that must have induced two-thirds of his congrega tion to believe he meant the Church of Rome, — and our belief is that he did, hut that he has not yet mustered up sufficient nerve to openly make his recantation. Whilst on this subject, it is only fair to say, that in part the reverend gentleman is consist ent, for, if these ceremonies of the offertorVi and these doctrines of the confession, and abso lution, are retained in the English Episcopalian Church, why should they not he acted upon ? If they are orthodox, why are they in any instance passed bye? and if the contrary, why are they not expunged? We have been brought up in that Church, hut, " since the first dawn of rea son. which came o'er our mind," we have never been aide to see the sense of returning thanks fur a deliverance from a gunpowder plot, of a form of penance for our forefathers having taken off a tyrant's bead, who has been impiously dub bed a " martyr of a form of prayer, " to be read on the 29tl» of January,' and of several other fornix , to which it seems Mr. Fry would take us bark, and endeavour to in .ike u-> believe them worthy of serious consideration — and whv? simply because it has been declared to he so by Art <>f Paitinme'it. Tile reverend ijentleman should however first find an Aet of Parliament to regulate men's senses. — to place them, body and soul, goods and chattels, back again into the arms of the Priesthood, before he will succeed in such a cms-trip. That he expects it will he so, was evident by bis sermon, and especially by that part where he offered up his fervent hope, that those who had fallen away from the one true Church, would once more be gathered within one fold by God's ambassadors, the only true descendants of the holy Apostles. We make no farther remark at present on St. George's Church, but we feel certain, that the present year will close. Mr. Fry's, connection with his congregation at St. George's. We must however not omit entering our protest against his implied assertion, that those who do not happen to agree with him, or his doctrines, are " averse " to religion. Why does he not preach a sermon on the Creed of St. Athanasius, which is one of the holy anathemas the thinking world cannot understand, instead of a discourse about ceremonies generally , let him allude to each, and show its necessity and usefulness, not by the assertions of the monks, and Jesuits of former days, but by plain, common sense argu ments, suited to the age? 