THEATRICALS EXTBAOBDINARY. Punch has not attended lately to Theatricals, but we were much amused the other night in witnessing, at the Queen's Theatre, near the Pump in Mao quarie-street, the " Tbaqioall Hystobie or Hambiet, Pbince oi1 Denmabke," as the bills expressed it, performed by " Her Majesty's Servants." The part of Hamlet was undertaken by a Mr. Comptoolleb, who looked a very Prince of Con- victs. His delineation of Hamlet was, on the whole, heavy, but in the feigned madness he was au/ait; he assumed to be what he was not with considerable skill, so well indeed as to make it appear to the audience quite natural that Claudius, the King', tolerably sus» tained by Denison, should fail to detect the cause " Of Hamlet's transformation, so I call it. Since nut the exterior nor the inward man Resembles that it was:" The Colonial Secretary was at homo in the per» Bonification of Poloniut ; his " very like a whale" waa inimitable. Gbeoson's Ghost was a very mysterious afluir. The tone iu which he uttered " And in the porches of mine ear did pour The lepcrou» distilment," was peculiarly hollow. Dot's Horatio was sus- tained with much feeling and propriety of gesture. There is a dry, quiet, and sarcastic humour about this gentleman that strikes occasionally with considerablo fijinn «.n/1.told well >n -«ply to Hamltt, aft*>r his inter« view with the Ghost, wlien he says " There's ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark, But he's an arrant knave." To which Horatio replies " There needs no ghost, my lord, come from the crave. To tell us this." * A ludicrous circumstance occurred in the third Act. Mr. Comptroller, apparently wrapt up in his own thoughts upon a subject which seems to haunt him, more than the Ghost did Hamlet, gave the cele- brated soliloquy, " To be or not to be," an entirely new reading, corresponding, we presume, with the train of ideas uppermost in his mind at the moment. Thus he delivered himself: " To smoke, or not to smoke, that is the question : Whether 'tis fitter prisoners all, should smoke Their pipe» and 'buceo in probation classes, Thus,, to make light of such a host of evils, And, hy permitting, end them?-To smoke;-to puff; No more ; and. by a smoke, to say we end The yearning, and the strange unnatural crime» That flesh is heir to,-*tl» a consummation Devoutly to be wished. To puff;-to smoke i To smoke I perchance, to drink ;-ay, there's the rub ; For in that love of drink what deeds may come, When we, the utmost lengths have gone to coax bad men. Must give us pause. That's the ticket Would make probationer»an easy life: For who would care for cells, or work of time, The oppressive mill, or penitentiary, The pangs of sentenced men, the law's delay, The look of Jacks in office, and the spurn» That silent knav'ry of MY rough turnkey takes, When he himself might his quietus make With pipe from Tonkin I Who would these things bear, _ To grunt and sweat under a sentenced life ; But that the hope of something after pipe*,-- . The certainty of smuggled rum, from whose fume» Mo prisoner escapes-musties the will ; ., . And makes Mm deeper sink in wretchedness, And fly to practices still worse and worse. Thus power does make humbugs of us all. But now my deep intent and resolution Is sicklied o'er with Commissariat doubt», And hampered by the Press I I've not a moment Now to lose ; or else tobacco turn away» And lose all chance of smoking. " There was not a dry eye amongst the audience at the close of this singular soliloquy, for they were con- vulsed with laughter; whilst pour Hamlet, finding himsell smoked, looked unutterables, being, asjt were, in a waking dream.' He recovered himself, however, upon seeing his Ophelia enter, and went through the subsequent Scene with a correct delivery, which gained bim some approbation, particularly when, after bidding Ophelia " get to a nunnery," he spoke the words -.-"I am myself indifferent honest; but yet I could accuse mc of such things, that it were better ray mother had not borne me : I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious; with more offences at my beck than 1 have thoughts to put them in. imagination to give them shape, or lime to net them in. What should such fellows as I do craw ling between heaven and earth ! We are arrant knaves all ; believe none of us." i. ¡ The part of Osrick was sustained by a person of small pretensions, named Haddon. He treads the boards with great assurance, and seems on the best possible terms with-himself. His description of Laertes he gave as if it applied to himself. " Believe me, an absolute gentleman, Full of mott excellent différences, of very Soft society, and great showing." One M'Eaohkun was allowed to do Laertes. He is one of those periwig-pated fellows who, forgetful of Hamlet's advice to the players, will" ", tear a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the ears of the ground« lings." In the fencing scene he handled his foils very ungracefully-attacking furiously, but-without tkill, and having no idea of a gentlemanly defence. -Two lines which he uttered weio taken up by the audience, when in answer to Osrich's question, .' How Is't Laertes?" He replies: " Why, as a woodcock to my own springs, Osrick, I am justly kilted with my own treachery." The part of the Cock was restored upon this oéca« sion, and playfully played by a dapper little gentleman with borrowed plumes, spurs, and pasleboaid wings. He crowed very shrill and lustily. The icst of the characters were sustained with indifferent success ., .,, 