POPISH TRACTS. No. V. We return to the Rev. T. Baddelev, and his Tract, entitled 4 A Sure Way to find out the True Relig'on," which we introduced to our readers in our publication of the 13th insL To !<o through the whole of this tract, and noint out o the falsehoods and sophiitiies which abound in every page, would occupy us much longer than would be justifiable ; nevertheless, considering the efforts which, the emissaries of Rome are daily making to beguile ignoraut and unsteady Pro'estants " by the ordinary sophistries of Romanism," we think it may not be unprofit able to devote considerably more space than we at first intended to the subject ; and as Mr Baddeley's Tract contains a very fair sample of these " sophistries," and is written exactly in . the sort of style calculated to win over the class of persons to whom the labors of the prosely tizers are directed, we could not perhaps find any publication, having the semblance of autho rity, better suited to the object we have in" view. Mr. Baddeley does not pretend to originality bis Tract, indeed, is little belter than an abridg ment of Milner's celebrated 44 End of Religious controversy, relieved by some gleanings from Mr. Eusebius Andrews' Reply t0 Fox's Book of Murtyrs, written, however, in a more familiar style, and on that account greatly more dangerous. There is hardly a statement or argument in it which we have not heard re peatedly from the lips of Papists, maintained with an ingenuity and pertinacity worthy of a sounder faith. It has often struck us with sur prise, as well as shame,' to find that even the most ignoraut of the Romish communion are never witho'ut a worJ to say in defence of their creed. Such, unhappily, is not the case with professing Protestants, many of. 'whou>; (we re- v cord the fact with deep humiliation,) are as jo-, norant of the religion of Jesus Christ, as the heathen Islanders of the Pacific. The First Dialogue of the Tract before us may uo (.uii-imcicu m Iimiuumwi v. I lie lUUier, WttO opens the conversation, begins by cautioning his son, not to forget the end for which he was created. This end, continues the father, fwho is supposed to express the opinions of Mr. Baddeley, and to whom we shall for sake of perspicuity attribute them,) is, 'Mo save your qeul. This, my child, is the great, the only business for%which you came hither; for, pro perly speaking, we have no other business oti earth, than to save our soul?.'' These are appa rently vtry solemn words, and yet they conceal a most dangerous erfcr. If man was placed in this world for no other purpose than to save his soul, then is he placed in the world for a pur pose which it is utterly beyond his_power to ac complish. By the fall of Adam, his posterity lost, not indeed the power of knowing good and evil, for this power was the fruit of the for bidden tree, but we. have lost the power of doing or thinking any good thing, the imagination of of the, thought of our hearts being only evil con linualiy. - " Salvation belongeth unto the Lord ' it is not man that walkelli to direct his steps." In reply to this instruction, the son asks, " Pray, what must a person do to be saved ?" To which Mr. Baddeley replies, " He must live lip tothe rules and regulations of that religiou, which our DiviJfe Saviour came down from Heaven to establish.' Alas! alas 1 for poor sinners, if they could be saved only by the me thod proposed by Mr. Baddeley ! Liveup to. the rules of Christ's religion ! Wbo, among all the saints and holy martyrs, ever did so ? St. Paul well knew the impossibility of such a per formance as Mr. Baddeley prescribes : for when the conscience-smitten gaoler at Philip pi put to him the same question, the Apostle did not tell him to do anything, but simply replied, " Be lieve in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved!' - But not only is Mr. Baddeley's mode of sal vation different from that prescribed by the Gos-. pel ; his phraseology is such as to lead to erro neous conceptions of a matter of fact. That Christ came down from Heaven is a glorious truth— that He came thence to establish a re ligion, is false. In no part of Holy Scripture do we find the slightest intimation to this effect. Yet our Blessed Lord often speaks of the object of His coming. " The Son of Man is come to seek and tcsave that which -was lost,'' " God sent not his Son into the world to condeifin the world, bnt that the world through Him might be saved." " Christ," says the Nicene Creed, for us men, and for our salvation/' came down from Heaven and was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was made man, and was crucified for us also under Pontius Pilate.'' But not one word do we find in any of the three Creeds, which the Church of Rome, as well as the Reformed Churches, acknow ledges, to the effect that Christ came down fro'm Heaven to establish a religiou. The conception is grossly uuscripiurab The. Religion of God, the only true religion which ever was or ever will be, in the world, was established in the Eternal purpose of the ever Blessed Trinity be fore the foundation of the world. No man, at all acquainted with the Scriptures, can doubt this truth for a moment. But Mr. Baddeley's language would lead us to infer that the true religion had never been heard of in the world till the manifestation of Christ in the flesh ; though He himself expressly told the Jews that their father Abraham rejoiced to see His day, and he saw it, and was glad.' Lest it should be thought that we have put a forced construction on Mr. Baddeley's words, we In 4l-> A In it/lM wA»t A! I 1> 1 R li1 Vftl Tl ! /. I _ icier l u iuv louci jjui i ui iiito ruai i/iaiuguc, which is wholly occupied in proving, that there is but one true religion, and that salvation is not to be found in any other ; facts which no true Protestant doubts. The very absurd question is asked, -=-is it not very wrong for a man to turn from the religion in which he has been brought up? — to which Mr. B. of course replies, that religions made by men are hateful to God, and that every person is bound in conscience to turn away from them. But the illustration by which Mr. B. hopes to enforce this precept is somewhat extraordinary, and shews in a wonder ful manner the utter ignorance and blindness in which Popery steeps its victims. " AJ oreover,'' he says, ' if it is wrong to turn from the religion in which we were born, to hp did Christ call his apostles from the Jewish religion, in which they were born ?" Now, nothing can be more clear to a student of Scripture, than that the Jewish religion was, with all its ceremonial, appointed by God, and consequently was the true religion. But the law was a shadow of good things to come; and when Christ, the substance, came, there remained uo more necessity for the sha dow, which was abolished, In every other re spect, however, the Jewish religion was the same as the Christian religion. There never was but one way of saving a sinner ; the saints of the Old Testament were not saved by a dif ferent method from those of the New; nor did fltiriuf fall Ins Annctloo in nivo .1, - t i — - me uewisn religion, but rather the contrary ; for the very last act which he performed in their company before his death, was a fulfilment of one of the most striking parts of th e Mosaic law. He did, indeed, exhort them to acknowledge Him as the Messiah, and reproved them for being so blind as to the true import of the prophecies which had been spoken and written of Him, He accuses the Jews, not for adhering to the religion iu which they had been brought up, but for not sufficiently a'tending to it. " Had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me; for he wrote of me. But if ye believe not his writings, now shall ye believe my words ?' - " """ It is melancholy to think that such wretched vciatuno ui llttUJ dUUUlU go auroaci J Out in- finitely more melancholy to think that tncy are received by the ignorant as truth. Mr. Bad deley, immediately after telling us that - Christ called his Apostles from the Jewish religion, writes thus : — "If a person finds thai he was born in a false religion, he must turn from that religiou. !Now, I have shewn you that there is but one true religion. Every one, there fore, must try. and find it out; and when he has found it, like St, Paul, he must turn from his own religion, which is false, and follow the true one, otherwise be will be following a blind guide. Now,. (he Bible says, 'if the blind lead the.blind, both shall fall into the pit.' " If this passage were separated from the awful errors which precede and follow if, we should say, that it was the language of a man of God. But knowing that by the " One true Religion," Mr. Baddeley means the Apostate Church of Rome, we cannot avoid using his language to the mem bers of his communion, recommending them, . . " | for the sake of their souls, to turn from their own religion, which, being ofojiuman invention, is false, and to follow the true one, which is re vealed in the Word of God, otherwise they will be following a blind guide. Now, the Bible says, "If the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch " 