GERALDINE : A TALE OP CONSCIENCE. *CHAP. IV., Ixw the meantime, the library at Elverton Hall pre sented a scene of, perhaps, too frequent-recurrence that of a prolonged discussion between the arbitra tom, humanly speaking, of life and death; while every five minutes, thus wasted, diminished the probability of rescue for the object of their puno .tilio. In fact, it happened, unfortunately for the :poor old housekeeper's existence, that each of the b medical men, summoned to prescribe, was tihe marked leader of a totally opposed system, with this addi tional obstacle to agreement, tihe one practitioner, being the cleverest of the clever at Elverton, was tthe defender of! the cause of provincial talent ; while the other felt and showed the full importance of re presenting the London Board of Health, whence he ihad been sent with delegated power. Each was stout-hearted. Mr. Thompson, resisting innova ,tion, adhered to hotAlannels, brandy, and laudanum ; 'while, :inspired -by the -genius-of -discovery, Dr. Newitt pronounced on the saline particles to be re produced in the blood. While the discussion was at its full height, and the Warden, to whom college etiquette had taught endurance, was standing be. •tween the bowing opponents, armed, in one hand, P 'with a -mixture of Mr. Thompson's, and, In the other, with the .pamphlet of Dr. Newitt, the mes- L senger returned from the Vicarage, conveying the answer to the Warden's note. This sudden and violent illness might have caused some alarm that the e scourge of 'cholera had attacked the vicar's lady; but the Warden merely uttered," Woman! woman:" and, with .characteristic rapidity, despatched one of the carriages, with an-urgent note tothe rector of the next parish, desiring 'that all speed.might be used. Another hour passed, 'during which the-learned doctors, after bowing and expressing toeach other 1 all that politeness could suggest, went each-to visit 'the sufferer, to whom had already been applied the " old-fashioned" remedies of the family adviser, Mr. Thompson. The hand of death was evidently on her; but, during the most violentconvulsions, the l distress of her mind was -ever supereminent, and inspired the utmost pity and awe in the few who ventured near her. She expressed the greatest dread of death, until she should have seen a clergy man; yet the mention of the Warden agitated her beyond measure, and once, regardless of the signs and whispers of the steward, who never left her,she cried out, ." Don't talk to me 'of him,-- he is no friend of General Carrington's,-and shall I give occasion toinsagalnst my noble master P" These words were not forgotton by the servants. The gentlemen were again met in the library, and the delicate question had been opened, whether, as Mr. Thompson could not save the patient, Dr. Newitt should, when the Rev. Mr. Thornhlll was introduced, more perplexed, and infinitely more;, alarmed, than any of the party. " My dear sir,!p said this gentleman; addressing the Warden, I1 have, you see, complied wlth your urgent note. I did not keep your carriage a minute.: I got in without the knowledge of my family. 'I have done my best ; but really it struck me, coming along,.(at an immensely quick pace by-the-bye,) to Inquire of these learned- gentlemen their opinion respectihng \- thecotitdgiousness of this disease: for I 'should not consider it my duty towards Mrs. Thornhilll, and rmy daughter-- in short, gentlemen, contagion or non-contagion, which is itP" 'The learned'len, well' aware how much on this point, also, they dif fered, bowed to each other to reply, while the rector turned .from one to the other, awaiting the end of this official politeness. "Sir," at length replied Dr. Newitt, " if you have read my pamphlet ;-" " But I have not, sir-I have not : I never knew that you had written a pamphlet. I shall be particularly obliged by your opinion viva voce; not for any dread I have individually,-on the contrary; but as a question of importance generally. We will look upon it, sir, as an abstract question, whether by touch, or breath, or noxious effluvia-" ", Mr. Thornhill," interrupted the Warden, rather sternly, " I must lament that caprice, or aversion, or some inexplicable cause, prevents my being allowed by this poor woman to hear her burdensome secret, and give her absolution ; but thus debarred, allow me to suggest that, without further delay, I should con duct you to her death-bed, while you shall be pro vided with every possible antidote against thedanger you thus brave." S" Thompson ! my worthy friend," cried the con fessor, " malgre lui," as he walked sideways after the Warden, " you used to take the strongest snuff of any of. my acquaintance !" 0 ! my good sir," exclaimed Dr. Newitt, " snuff is a prejudice which-"-;but the Warden; by the aid of a power ful arm, bearing off his clerical brother, the question of ' snuff,"' with all its fellow-questions, remained behind in the library with the men- of science. Towards evening, after intense suffering, and in spite of the active remedies that were at length ap plied, the poor old housekeeper breathed her last; and, according to the rules laid down by the autho rities, the body. was immediately conveyed to some newly-consecrated ground without the town. .The rector had been very kind to the afflicted woman, and far less alarmned when actually facing the danger than when there remained a possibility of escape. He remained several minutes alone with her ; after which, calling back her faithful friend, the steward, Mr. Thornhill administered the Sacrament to his dying communicant, and took leave of the Hall, to return on horseback to the Rectory, conceiving this plan the safest, from the purification his dress would receive from the open air. Scarely had the worthy Rector arrived at home, when Mrs. Thornhill, who had wisely been kept in ignorance of the motive of her husband's morning excursion, but whose curi osity had thereby received an impetus not to be allayed either by soothing or authority, having learned at length the object of his pastoral visit, now .opened a succession of skirmishing attacks, respect ing " what the old woman could possibly have said to him ;" which attacks, during the day, were fol lowed up, after dinner, by a general engagement, so admirably conducted, that the honest Rector's tactics were at length completely foiled, and the secret of his penitent's confession taken from him, to his in finite surprise, vexation, and terror, and remorse. -' My love," said he, at length, endeavouring to re assure himself, " I feel convinced ofyour discre tion !" Mrs. Thornhill drew up with dignity, and expressed herself with such caution and propriety, that the Rector, almost satisfied, withdrew to his study ; when the lady, joining an intimate and dear friend, at the house of a third confidante, of whose " discretion" she " felt convinced, ' indulged her self and them by imparting, under promise of in violable secresy, the important and direful disclosure ,which had been made on that eventful morning. " And how have you passed these tedious hours '" inquired Dr. Sinclair, as, the joy of his fair prisoners, he visited them early in the evening, and established himself in the easy-chair appropriated to him in Geraldine's boudoir, " I fear that you have been anxious, and annoyed by various rumours, without the power of ascertaining the truth." " We have, indeed, longed for your promised visit, my dear uncle said Geraldine, " for many have been the wild stories brought by the servants to v Kelsoe, which have not lost their vivid colouring by 9 passing through her fanciful head. I have heard, r amongst" other things, that, during theinterval, when .poor Goodwin despaired of seeing a.clergy- c man, she uttered many things, both painful and a mysterious, connected with her absent master." " My dear girl," replied the Warden, " you must be prepared for hearing every absurd report possible concerning those vague, and, doubtless, delirious, words of your poor housekeeper-; and you must be prepared. also, to disbelieve and.cast scorn upon them all." ,,Fear nothing respecting my peace of mind;'," returned Geraldine; for if you, uncle, disbelive every thing that could tarnish the bright name of General Carrington, so much more should his daughter. Sooner could-bhe gentle zephyr uproot that mighty cedar grove, than this passing breath of calumnyy.ehake my trust in him." "For my part," observed Miss Graham, *'-I should be sorely tempted to. end this mystery about nothing, by just asking Mr. Thornhill what the poor bewildered old creature did say P"' Good Heavens !" exclaimed Geraldine, " never glance, I1 beseech *you, even in thought, at such a thing. Where would be thie sacred-confidence between tirhe minister of God and the dying penitent, if, to ease every curious and impatient inquirer the secrets of the death bed were to be disclosed P" ' Lcannotbut feel, however," continued her frlend, " that the General's spotless honour is of far more consequence tlhani a mere scruple of delicacy ; for who can believe any sacredness to be attached to the last words of -one who was either malicious or deranged P "Geraldine-is right;" observed the Warden. " The last words of any dying penitent should be a sacred deposit in the ear of thie minister; and althlough we do not, in theChurch of Englad, hold Uthis secresy to be of sacramental obligation, as do tie Romish priests, yet an early canon of our Church, bearing date 1608, enjoins the priest not to make known to any one what has been revealed to him; and, whether enjoined or not, it must ever be binding to a mnind of honour and rectitude." "My dear uncle,' said Geraldine, " my chief occupationduring this long, sad day, has been tihe study of my Book of Common Prayer, my previous ignorance of which has been shared by all our little party, with the usual attendanit on ignorance, namely, a ful persuasion of our own knowledge. My maid, Kelsoe, who vaunts herself to be a ' good Church woman,' could not be persuaded but that poor Goodwin ihad turrned' at least half Papist,' because Shie could not die in peace without having made a full confession of her sins, and received priestly, absolution. Katherineand I then searched for the office for Lhe ' Visitation of tie Sick,' and I own that I was as much astonished as she was, though not so much shocked, at the absolute autho rity with which the minister pronounces absolution. We then turned to tie 'Ordination Service,' which Sis, indeed, most awful. - What immense spiritual gifts are bestowed onthe newly made priest I Yet SScripture fully warrants all parts of thee servi:e, and Iespecially thie Apostolical -imposition of hands, for conveying the sevenfold giftsof the Spirit." 1 " Read aloud that part of tie service," said the r Warden; and Geraldine, opening tie large Prayer Book, which contained the solemn rite, read thus : -" The candidate kneels while the Bishop solemnly I invokes on him the Holy Ghost, that this Holy 1 Spirit may impart to the new priest his seven fold gifts !" " But here," continued Geraldine, turning over the 'page, "here is the part where there is nothing vague,-nothing that can be explained away. After the bishops, with the other priests, have laid their hands severally upon the head of every one who receives the order of priesthood, the receiver, humbly knqiling on his knees, the bishop says,-' Receive ye the Holy Ghost, for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God, now committed to thee by the imposition of our hands: whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained; and be thou a faithful dispenser of this Holy Sacrament. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.-Amen.' "When we had finished reading this awful ser vice," continued Geraldine, " with all the Scriptural references for which we searched, and then returned to the' Visitation of the Sick,' I was no longer startled by the authority with which the minister pronounces" " Read first," interrupted the Warden, "what the Rubric directs." Geraldine obeyed. " Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feel his conscience troubled with any'weighty matter. After which confession, the priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and heartily desire it) after this sort:-' Our Lord Jesus, Christ, who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of his great mercy absolve thee thine offences. 'And by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name-of the Father, and of theSon, and of the Holy Ghost.-Amen.' " Now explain to me, uncle," said Geraldine, as she closed the Prayer Book, " why, if the Church of England has retained the power originally granted by Christ to his Church, her clergy seem to shrink from owning and using this delegated power, so that our laity are, for the most part, ignorant of the doctrine of their Church on this point; and, while they rail at the Catholic priests for usurping the power which belongs to God alone, are unconsciously condemning their own ministers ?" " Come ! my dear Sir," cried Katherine, " confess the truth, that the clergymen of the Church of England are all heartily, though secretly, ashamed of these remains of Popely in their half-reformed Church." " Miss Graham," returned the Warden, " I repeat that the Church, at the Reformation, was purified, not destroyed. These gifts, transmitted in ordination, are retained as verities by the orthodox ministers of the Church of England,-.those whom you are pleased to call ' High Church;' but your friends, the Evangelicals, who disregard the authority which conveyed to them their sacred powers, entertain very loose opinions on the subject of priestly absolution." " But, uncle," said Geraldine, " I cannot see why thisconfession andabso- lution,so plainly enforced by our Church, should be always deferred to the death bed of a penitent P There must often occur, in the life of every one, difficulties, and trials, and temptations; and if his conscience be in trouble too hard to endure, I why can he not unburthen his labouring mind to his clergyman, and receive, if truly penitent, the assu rance of pardon, without waiting for die hour of death, when the memory often fails, or becomes distorted, as in the case of poor Goodwin I" " Hand me your prayer-book, my dear," said Dr. Sinclair, " and 1 will point out to you that which you ought, indeed, to have already t known, who desire to attend the Holy Com munion, there is an express invitation given, on the Sunday before, to open their minds in private to their minister ' Therefore, if there be any of you 1 who cannot quiet his own conscience herein, but re quireth further comfort or counsel, let him come to me, or to some other discreet and learned minister of God's word, and open his grief, that, by the ministry of God's holy word, he may receive the benefit of absolution, together with ghostly counsel and advice, to the quieting of his conscience, and avoid- c ing of all scruple and doubtfulness.'" " I am, indeed, ashamed, replied Geraldine, " not to have remembered this; for I belive I must have .heard these words given out occasionally at church. Never having, however, been led to practical appli cation of ther meaning, I had forgotten them; and accustomed asl have been, in my uncle Edmund's congregation, to witness the most kind and intimate intercourse between them and their pastor, still I am convinced, there is not one individual amongst them, but would shrink from what they would term .the ' unscriptural' notion of private absolution, while Edmund himself, in his humility, would never dare to confer it." " Your uncle Edmund," cried the Warden, vehemently, " does more to pull down his Mother Church, by his dread or neglect of her holy obser- . vances, his Jlow view of the priesthood, and his con- I descensions to the dissenters, than if he were a mere stick in office. The contents of his library proclaim the indecision of his mind, and are enough to -dis tract the faith of an Apostle. Had those shelves been filled with the works of Barrow, Hooker, Ham mond, South, Pierson, Mede, and ,Taylor, those glories of the Established Church, he would have been led by them .to reverence antiquity; to consult, with them, the bishops, martyrs, and ecclesiastical writeris of the first ages, and to shun these modern innovators, these Calvinistic levellers of the day 1" " Well, dear uncle," interrupted Geraldine, pleadingly, "we will not speak just now of Edmund. Holy and zealous though he be, I prefer, when in doubt to apply to you. I tiiik that all the warnings, and all the encouragements, given on the approach to the Holy Sacrament, are most beautiful and edifying; and 1 particularly like what you have Sjust read. Still I think it a pity that this previous communication with our appointed ministers Is only recommended, not enforced." " It is not in the benevolent nature of our Church to force the.mind," replied her uncle,-"e she wins, guides, instructs; and, as I have before said, her ministers are the shepherds, not the tyrants, of their flocks." "But, if it were for my soul's good, i should wish to be compelled," said Geraldine. "I should feel it then to be no more tyranny than any other obser vanceof my Church.'" "As for private absolution," observed Miss Gra ham," depend upon it, it hias.died a natural death, being too weak to live; and that public absolution is ,also in its dotage, may be very well percelved by \- any one at all acquainted with the tacit reform, which is gradually taking place, in these more I enlightened days, in the State Establishment of I England." t ". Miss Graham ," said tie Warden, gravely," may I take the liberty to Inquire, whether you are a r member of the Established Church of England; or Whether, as your Scotch name denotes, the National e Kirk of the sister kingdom claisas your allegiance P" "r Indeed, Sir," replied tlieyousg lady, "you may well make that inquiry, after the warmth I displayed last night on the subject of Church authority, a warmth for which, perhaps. 1 think I ought to apolo gise, my words having been addressed to a dignitary of the establishment I condemned." " Enough ! enough !" said the Warden, holding out his hand in token of forgiveness; " I too was ruffled, yet I like freedom of discussion; for from the clash of opinions truth is elicited. And should you belong to a Church which has cut itself offfrom Apostolical descent, and has thrown offl the decent and venerable form which we of England retain, I shall then argue with you more by reason, and less by authority than I should employ, were you a member of my own respectable establishment." " The truth is," replied Katherine, much amused by the Warden's high tone of treating both the Kirk and herself, " that I might belong to which community I pleased, either English or Scotch Church, without the guilt of change or schism. My father, and all my relations on his side, are Presbyterians, but I have been educated in the ex ternals, I cannot call them the principles, of the Church of England." " And why not the principles, Miss Graham P" " Because, Dr. Sinclair, I really never knew what they were till this evening." "With your prayer-book in your hand, this is a strange confession," returned the Warden. " But, uncle," interrupted Geraldine, "pardon me if I put in my claim to your first thoughts and explanations; for Katherine is happy in her opi nions, vague as they are, while lam looking forward to your arguments, as though you were to plead in a matter of life and death." " Fear not that I shall forget you, dear girl, or that you are not ultimately concerned in every thing I may explain to your friend; for although in the arguments I propose holding with her, I shall have but little to do with Rome, yet, as the authority of our Church will be the question, this will interest and benefit you as well as Miss Graham. She calls in question the principles of Church authority ; you seem anxious to establish the principle, but to question its appropriation by the Church of Eng land. Now, you will own, that the first part of the argument lies with your independent friend here, to whom I shall be happy to devote myself to-morrow, after the breakfast to which I now invite myself every morning." (To be continued.) 