9 SPORTING MEMS. Ilít Horte.-Tho docility of tho horse is one '"lie most remarkable of his natural gifts. Fur-"' a'atal »Uh acute senses, an excellent memory, ^intelligence, and gentle disposition, he soon lores to know and obey his master's will, and ^ Perform certain actions with astonishing accu fuy md precision. The range of his perfo'rm «acts, however, is limited .by his 'physical con wlt¡0n : he llas not a ,mml t0 BTsp, a pro ?^klp lift the minutest object, nor the àdvan knight and agUc frame ;'if hehail, the monkey, thc dog-, and the elephant, would, in this respect, be left far behind him. A Trotting Match between Rattler and Driver "-a pony, scarcely fourteen hands high (which had a short time before then performed seven- teen miles within the hour)-to trot thirty-four miles, seventeen out and seventeen ¡ni is one among those feats which will long live in the memories of the amateurs of this species of racing, not more for the speed and bottom displayed, than Tor the disastrous termination in the death of Rattler, the winner, which occurred two days afterwards, by which his owner, Mr. Osbaldeston, was supposed to be £4000 minus, for the renewed match with the owner of Rattler occasioned by this event a heavy forfeiture. The terms of this . unfortunate adventure, as detailed in the " Old Sporting Magazine," for August, 1832, were, that Rattler was to carry eleven stone and Driver' nine stone ; and should cither horse break into a gallop, to turn round, at the call of the umpire. .Driver was formerly in the possession of the Duke of Gordon, and subsequently became the property of Macdonald, of whom Mr. Lawton purchased him. The day fixed by tho. articles was Friday in the July meeting. Battler, after his match with Rochester, remained in the neigh- bourhood of Newmarket -, and Driver, after being in close training at Smitliam Bottom, was con- ducted in the same direction in the carly part of the week, as it had been mutually agreed that the match should come off in that locality. -The umpires were George Edwards for " thc squire," and a gentleman from London for Mr. Lawton ; and on thc preceding evening, twelve o'clock in the day was .arranged for the start, to commence from the sixty mile-stone, out of Newmarket, to thc forty- three mile-stone, through Chesterford, and back. Odds, previously to starting, 6 and 7 to 4, and 2 to I on Rattler. There was much betting on time ; several persons hacking the distance to he done in two hours. The weights having been adjusted, Mr. Osbaldeston mounted Rattler, and Macdonald, Driver. On the signal being given, tho horses went oil'at a steady pace, *' the squire" rather in the rear,a position which, it was understood, he intended to preserve until near home, when he purposed taking the lead, if in" his power. The road was alternately up and down hill, ¡ti some places the ascents and descents being rather precipitous, between chalk hills, which rendered it extremely warm and oppres- sive from a want of a free circulation of air. In going towards Cho3terford, the horses were met by a gentle and refreshing breeze ; but this being at their backs on their return, the disadvantage was obvious. As the horses proceeded, Mac- donald increased the pace, but Mr. Osbaldeston kept close to his quarters, and waited upon him with persevering industry. The first three miles were done in twelve minutes, and the first four- teen in fifty minutes. At the turn of the seven- teen miles Driver was in front about a couple of lengths, and without pulling up they came on in the same relative position until within about a mile from home, near thc ditch gate. Both horses were now greatly distressed ; the pace, though not rapid, was sufficiently fatiguing from, tho heat of the atmosphere. Macdonald tired his little nag towards thc conclusion, but he always found " the squire" living with him ¡atlast "the squire" finding the period for the finishing effort arrived, went forward, and, in spite of all Mac- donald could do, came in first by about fifty yards, performing the thirty-four miles in two hours, eighteen minutes, and fifty-six seconds, or at the aggregate rate of a mile in'four minutes throughout. In many parts of the road this paco was exceeded ; the trot for the last few miles did not appear to exceed twelve miles an hour.- " The squire" was loudly cheered. He immediately dismounted and weighed, apparently little fati- gued. Rattler, however, was greatly distressed, and was led into the White Lion stable, where every possible care was taken of him, but he was stated to be in a very precarious condition, and on the second day death ensued. Driver was also greatly distressed, but was conducted into the town and bled. He refused his food for some time, bnt. gradually recovered his spirits, and was pronounced " in a fair way," although ac- knowledged to have been " dead beat." When Sir Ferdinando Poole, whose horse won . the Derby in 1793, was a young man, he used to take great pleasure in being a spectator of the Epping Hunt : and having gone on one occa- sion, the night before the hunt, to the Bald Faced Stag, he retired to rest nt his usual hour. A waggoner, whose horses were baiting at tho inn, went out in the course of thc night to his waggon, which stood on the opposite side of the road, facing the inn. The night was very dark, and the waggoner happening to look up at the inn, was horrified at seeing " an apprehension, all in white," at one of the windows that was open, and which "terrible apprehension" was executing as many antics as a fantoccini puppet. As soon as he could call upon his recollection he made himself scarce by retreating into the yard, and, entering hy the back door, he alarmed tho landlord. The supposed ghost was soon disco- vered to bc a living man, no other than Slr F. Poole, whose imagination had been so strongly impressed in sleep with the morrow's occupa- tion, that he had taken a somnambulizing leave of his bed, thrown up the window, and mounted the sill, where he was found in a fine dreaming phrenzy, whipping and spurring away In Ima- ginary full chase ; and so strong was the fit upon him, that although he was nearly " stone cold,'.' he was awakened with difficulty, and did not receive the least harm from his dangerous freak. \ The recognition of thc sound of the bugle by a trooper, and the excitement occasioned in the hunter when the pack " give tongue,", are fami- liar instances of thc power of horses to discrimi- nate between different sounds; they never mis- take une call for another. A blind coach-horse that ran one of thc stages on the Great North road for several years, was so well acquainted with all the' stables, halting places, and other matters, that he was never found to commit a blunder. In his duties he was, no doubt, greatly aided by hearing and smell. He could never be driven past his own stable ; and at thc sound of the coming coach he would turn out bf his own accord into tho stable- yard. What was very re- markable, so accurate was his knowledge of time, .that although half a dozen coaches halted at the same inn, yet was he never known to stir till the sound of tttc " ten o'clock" was heard in the dis- tance. The deepest cunning sometimes mingles with thc sagacity of the horse. Forrester, the famous racer, had triumphed lu many a severe contest, at length over-weighted and over-matched, the rally had commenced. His adversary, who had been walting behind, was quickly gaining upon him, and eventually they got abreast ; they con- tinued so till within the distance ; they were pa- rallel, but the strength of Forrester began to fail. He made a last desperate plunge, seized his opponent by the jaw to hold him back, and it was with great difficulty he could-be forced to quit his hold. Forrester, however, lost the race. . In 1753 Mr. Quin had a racer which .entered into thc spirit ot thc course as much as his,mas- ter. One day, finding his rival gradually pass- ing him,-he seized him by the legs, and both riders were obliged to dismount, in order to se- parate the Infuriated animals,, now engaged with each other In tile most deadly conflict. " A jockey," says Nimrod, "should possess ' considerable bodily power in a very small corn- ea ..-i-/; pass, much personal intrepidity, a kind of habi- tual insensibility to provocation, bordering-upon apathy, which no efforts of an opponent in a race can get the better of; andan habitual cheek upon the tongue. Exclusive of the peril with which tlie actual race, is attended, his profession lays a heavy tax on the constitution. Thc jockey-must not only at times work hard, but-the hardest of all tasks-ho must work upon an empty stomach. During his preparation for the race lie must have the abstinence of ah Asiatic ; indeed, it too often happens that during- the period of his wasting, he can bc only a tantalised spectator of food. To sum up all, he has to work hard, and deprive himself of every comfort, risking: his neck into tlie bargain, and for what ? For five guineas if he win, and three if he lose a race." Thc famous Pratt, the jockey of thc no less famous Gim- crack, rode eleven races over the Beacon Course in one day, making, with going and returning-, a distance of eighty- eight miles." It is not, how- ever, by the mere customary fee for riding a race that their honest profits are to be measured; In most cases, when a jockey exhibits any extra- ordinary tact and wins a large race " out of the fire," he is complimented with an additional douceur, which is often a very considerable one. It is said that James Robinson, in thc same year that he won both the Derby and tho St. Leger, received £1000 from a gentleman who was a great winner by the latter race. Jockeys roust ride their horses to thc usual place for weighing the riders, and he. who dis- mounts before, or wants weight, is distanced, unless he be disabled by ah accident which should render him incapable of riding back, in which case he may be led or carried to the scale. A B and C ran for a subscription, the best of heats. A won the first heat, B the second. C's rider, after saving his distance the second heat, dismounted between the distance-post and the end, but remounted, rode past thc ending post and weighed as usual, started and won the third heat, and weighed without any objection being made. A being second the third heat, in a short time afterwards demanded thc subscription, not knowing till then that C's rider had dismounted, and refused to start for the fourth heat, which B and C ran for, and C won It was decided by tlie Jockey Club that no objection having been made to C's starting for the third heat, he was entitled to the prize. If a rider fall fro»r. his horse, and the horse be rode in by a person that is sufficient weight, lie shall take his place thc same ns if his rider had not fallen, provided he go back to the place where the rider fell. 