THE GREAT APOSTACY; OR THE CHURCH OF ROME PROYED NOT THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, But the Greatest Enemy to Christ, to His Doctrine, and to His Religion an answer to.cobbett's history of the- reorma- tion. Thus it was from idol-tnakers 3nd image -worship pers, as Archbishop Usher says, that this gross opinion of the animal eating and drinking of Christ in the Sacrament drew its first breath ; God having, for their idolatry, justly given them up unto a reprobate mind, that they might "receive that recotnpence of their er ror which was meet." But to proceed : In the days of Pope Gregory III., who assumed his ghostly reign over the Apostate Church of Rome, in the eighth century, one Amalarius; who was Bishop of Lyons, wrote that " the 9imple nature of bread and wine mixed, is turned into a reasonable nature — to wit the body and blood of Christ.'' But what should become of this body, after it was chewed and digested, was matter which greatly puzzled him; therefore he said, " When the body ol Christ is taken with a good intention, it is not for me to dispute whether it be taken invisibly up into heaven, or kept in our body until the day of our burial, or ex haled into the air ; or whether it go out of the body with the blood (at the opening of a vein), or be sent out by the mouth goeth into the belly, and is sen t forth into the drought.'' For this, and other like foolery, he was censuied in a synod held at Carisiacum or Cressy ; wherein it was declared by the bishops of France, that " the bread and wine are spiritually made the body of Christ, which being a meat of the mind, and not of the belly, is not corrupted, but re mained! unto everlasting life." As the light of day is extinguished by the darkness gradually spreading itself over the hemisphere, so the true nature and design of the Supper of the Lord were lost, by the heresies of " Transubstentiation" arid the Real Presence." Anastatious Jtad changed the an cient expressions relating to the break and wine used in the supper : Damascene had gone further, and .as serted that by the coming of the Holy Ghost, the bread and wine were changed into the body and blood of Christ ; Amalarius declared that they were turned into a reasonable nature ; but all these were opinions of individuals, and were neither very extensively re ceived by the Christian world, nor as yet adopted by- the Apostate Church of Rome, as articles of faith. With whatever superstition they regarded the bread and the wine in the Supper, and however they wrap ped them up in unmeaning mysteries, no law was as yet promulgated to make all men think alike on this subject. Eary, however, in the ninth century, a friar of Corby near Amiens, in France, named Patchus Radbert, UaL1)(i «" r\D flrl il>n onri rilu rr\ I tnri nnnat nli/inl Kohof nf t/Uluij a LLCZ acu ttic out 1 jikUiai auu apvcvuiibui UCIICI wi the Supper, in a treatise which he wrote in tfie yea r 818, And here it may be observed, says L'Arroque, that the providence of God permitted these innova tions to take their beginning from friars, who, being inclosed in their cloisters, departed in their medita tions from the belief 6f their ancestors. What he taught in his writings was, " that what was received in the Sacrament, is the same flesh as that which was born of the Virgin Mary, and which suf fered death for us, and thtough the figure of bread and wine doth remain, yet you must absolutely be lieve,' saith he, " that after consecration, it is nothing but the flesh and blood of Jesus Christ; for which reason the Trnth itself said unto his disciples, " It is my flesh, for the life of the world;" — and to say something more admiable, it is no other flesh but that which was born of the Virgiu Maty, that suffered upon the cross, and which was raised out of the sepul chre." I shall now inquire whether this new doctrine was universally received, and by whom it vvab opposed. Paschus himself says, " There are many, that in thbse mystical things are ot another opinion ; (they did not agree with him) and there are many that are blind, aud cannot see, when they think this bread and this cup is nothing else but what is seen with the eyes, and what is tasted with the moutii." It is time now to enquire who they were who op posed the new heresy ol Paschus, what was their quality, and with what arguments they prevailed against him. The first is Rabanus, very illustrious for his dig nity, and for his merit. Historians contend with each other to declare his praises, as one of the greatest men of his age, and unto whom none was to be com pared. This illustrious prelate openly opposed Pas - | chus touching the Sacrament, arguing against his opinion as a doctrine new and strange to him, and contrary to the ancient belief ol the Church. Tuus he writes : — " It is not long since some per sons, holding erroneous opinions touching the Eu- churist of the body and blood of Jesus Christ, have said, that it is the body itself, and the blood of Jesus Christ, which was born of the Virgin Mary, and wherein our Saviour suffered upon the ctoss, and ro»e again from the dead : which error we have opposed as much as we could, and now signify in writing unto the Abbot Egilon, what ought to be believed 01 the body itself." Take another quotation from what Rabanus wrote : —Our Saviour chose, rather than believers should re ceive with the mouth, the Sacraments of his body and biood,and that it should be converted into their nourishment — into part of themselves; to the end that by the visible thing, the invisible effect should be shown ; for a materiai food doth nourish the body, and preserve it outwardly, so in like manner the Word doth inwardly strengthen and preserve the soul." There is more to the same effect, in the preface to the Epitome of Amahrius on Diviue Offices, which William of Malmesbury wrote to his brother Robert, (now to be seen in the manuscript at Ox'ord, in All- Saint's College,) but what is here given is enough to shew that Rabanus soundly and scripturally op posed the new heresy of Paschus. Heribald was another noted man, who in the ninth century opposed the doctrine of transubstantiation and the real presence. He was a person of good quality, and much esteemed by Charles the Bold, in whose reign he flourished. He was the thirty-sixth bishop of the Church of Auxerr, and principle chaplain to the Emperor. " Oh the Eucharist he taught that the Sacrmaent is subject to the place of excrements which is exactly the opinion of John Wycliffe, our own countryman, who taught, " tiiat the vener able Sacrament of the altar is subject unto the draft." There wa9 one authorI know not of any other — who publicly declared himself to be of the opinion of Paschus ; but be like Paschus, his father in error, appealed to miracles to'support it. This is suffi cient to discredit the doctrine,; lor the truth of God requires no new miracles to attest it, the Lord Jesus having, by his apostles, once for ail, established the truths of the Gospel by genuine miraeles. The author to whom I aliude is William of Mal mesbury, who says, that " Qdo, Archbishop of Can terbury, so confirmed several persons who doubted the truth of the bodyof our Lord, that he show ed them! tqe bread of the altar changed into flesh, and the wine of the cup turned into blood ; and afterwards be made them return into their natural form, and rendered them proper for the life of man." Itis worthy of notice, that in the twelfth century the Bishop of Autum began-first, in 1 112, to use the word : Tb ansubstantiath.n, in these word, — "The oblation of the bread and wine is transubstantiated intq'the body and blood of Jesus Christ," Pope Innocent III., in the fourth council of La- teran, appoving of the word transubstantiatun, which Stephen, Bishop of Autun, had invented, and the thing designed by the word, made this decree,— " The body and blood of Jesus Christ are really con tained under the ;species of bread and vine in the Sacrament ol the Altar , the bread being transub stantiated into the body, and the wine into the blood." Bat neither councils, nor popes, nor canons, nor fires, nor rocks, nor any thing vhich the Apostate Church did, could turn the universal belief of Chris tians to this absurd and novel doctrine of transub stantiation. Having thus traced the history of this accursed heresy, I shall, before 1 finish this part of the subject, prove that the Apostate Church of Rome has indeed made it her own. This she has done in the fourth council of lateran 1216 : " The bread is transubstantiated into the body, and the wine into the blood of Christ."— Cabassut. Hist. Concil. in the council of florence, in 1439 : " The Whole Christ is contained under the species of wine ; and every particle of the consecrated wafer, and of the consecrated wine, whatever separation takes place, tden is tne whole Christ." finally, in the council of trent, sess. xiii. canon i. . " If any one shall deny, that in the most holy Sa crament of the Eucharist there is truly, really, and substantially contained the bodv and blood of out- Lord Jesus Christ, together with his soul- and di vinity, and consequently the whole Christ ; but shall say, that he is in it only as a sign, or by a figure, or virtually ; —-let him be accursed." canon ii. " Or denies that the substance of the bread and wine remains together with the body and blood of Christ, or that a miraculous conversion of them takes place;" — " let him be accursed " canon iii. " Or denies that the whole Christ is contained under each species, and under every individual par ticle of each species " Let him be accursed." canon iv. " Or drnies that in the particles consecrated, which are reserved after the Communion, the true body of our Lord does not remain;" — "let him be ac cursed.' This is the last and finishing touch which the Apostate Church has given to this heresy. May God in- his mercy so consume her, and-by the breath of his mouth, that she may not have .strength to assem ble another Council. I have now given a plain history of this greatest, most fatal, most diabolical, and most murderous heresy, that ever afflicted the world or the Church. Its authors, abettors, propagators, and defenders were friars, priests, bishops, and popes oi the Apostate Church of Rome, adopted by her councils, defined by her greatest scholars, preached by her eldest divines, and recorded by her most eminent historians. Let her deny it, if she dare. I must now examine what they call the oblation, or sacrifice of the mass. As Isaac, the promised seed, spake to Abraham his father, as they journeyed to the mount of sacrifice, and said, " My father, behold the fire and the wood, but where is the lamb for a burnt offering ?" so do 1 say to the reader, as we proceed together to examine the sacrifice of the Mass, " Behold the altar and the priest, but where is the victim for the sacrifice ?" The true answer to this question disriptaes for ever the visionary .sacrifice of the Popish Mass. The angelic reproof which Mary Magdalen and the other women receivedat the .empty sepulchre, on the first day of the week, " Why seek ye the living among the dead ? He is not here, but is risen," ought to cover the face of every Papist who attends Mass with blushes of con fusion. Having (( finished the work which his Father gave him to do," having " by himself purged our sins, and sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high," must he needs descend and be sacrificed again, so olten as any silly priest of tne Apostate Church choose to mutter a few words over a lew walers? It is absurd beyond expression. Did not St. Peter say, that " the heaven must re ceive him (Jesus) until the times of the restitution of all tilings''? Are we not informed, even by angels, that "as he was taken up to ..heaven, so he shafi. come in like manner, as ye have seen him go into heaven." How can the heaven receive (i. e., retain) him until the restitution of a'l things, if he is brought down every day to be offered afresh, as an oblation or sacri fice on their preteuded altars ? For what purpose was he ' taken up into heaven" — bis agony, passion and oblation, or sacrifice, being finished — but to be bead over all things to his body, the Church, and to sway the sceptre of universal dominion ? When he comes down from heaven again, it will not be to be offered up as a sacrifice by any Popish priests, but to take vengence, in flaming fire, on tbem that know not God, and who obey not the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. In the law, whic God himself appointed as the re ligion of the Jews, he multiplied the number of their sacrifices, and increased the external splendour of their offering. The most perfect of them consisted in immolating (sacrificing) a living animal, and con suming it whole upon the altar. This was a most striking representation of the Jews, and is also to us, signifying that our lives, like that of the animal that was slain, belong to God, but which, being forfeited by sin, ought to be offered up to him. These sacri fices were of a temorary nature, though they continued fifteen hundred years : they were lost only for a time, and to give way to a perfect one that was to succeed them. They were emblems, figures, and represeta- tions of Him " who, through the eternal Spirit, of fered himself without spot to God." From this im maculate, or unspotted, sacrifice, all the legal sacri fices derived their merit and value, as the earth, and the whole planetary system derive their light from the sun ; and they, of course, were withdrawn, and weie offered no more, when the great Sacrifice appealed. They were, indeed, good in themselves, because appointed by God ; and though imperfect, they were proportioned to the state of man at that time when they were instituted, and to the degree of knowledge which he then possessed. They served to prepare liim for the" better things" which should be revealed in the new dispensation. Of this some of the Jews themselves were all well aware ; many ot their prophets having fortold their abolition, and that God would no longer be pleased with the blood of goats or of oxen, when Christ should say, Lo, I come to do thy will, O God." The prophet Daniel had foretold that the " daily sacrifice" should fail; and the prophet Malichi had gone further, and said, in the name of the Lord of hosts, " I have no pleasure in you, neither will I accept an offering at your hand. For from the rising of i he sun even to the going down of the same » y name shall be great among the Gentiles ; and iu every place incense shail be offered to my nameand pure offering; for my name shall be great among the heathen." From these observations, it is plain that God can not be approached by any man without a sacrifice. No religion, coming from God, ever existed without it,— neither the Adauiie, after the fall of man, nor the patriarchal, nor the Mosaic ; therefore the Christian ! dispensation, the most perfect of them all, is not de void of sacrifice. But here comes the great question between the Pa pist aud the Protestant, — what is that sacrifice, which superseded the legal sacrifices, and in which they all ended? Is it the Popish sacrifice of Mass? Or, is it " the body of Jesus Christ, offered on the cross, once fot all"? Certainly, it cannot be the Popish sacrifice of Mass ; because, when the augnst sacrifice of Christ was of- fored on the cross, not only were the sacrifices of the law shut np for ever, but all sacrificing, of whatever kind, ceased. (To be continued.) 