HOUSE OF LORDS.-Tuesday, July 20. In the House of Peers, on Tuesday, Lord Brougham moved the address to her Majesty, on the subject of the business of the session, of which he had given notice, and took his promised critical review of the legislative per- formance of the present government. He began by declaring that he made his motion with no factious motive, that he intended to cast blame on no one, and that his motion and observations were solely directed at the mode of legislation for which this session was peculiarly remarkable. The learned and noble lord first reverted to the measures actually carried, which were fortunately the smallest portion of his subject-fortunately, because worse measures were never passed in any preceding Parliament. Those bad measures were the Poor Law Administra- tion Act, the Act for sustaining the whole people of Ireland, and the Factories Act. The noble and learned lord then descended, as he said, to the regions below, and having just pointed out the measures that had been partly announced by several members of the government, but never re- ceived a tangible shape-" the thousand freaks that died in thinking"-gathered round him a troop of the ghosts of the un- fortunate bills that had been abandoned or massacred by their cruel parents. Amongst these he particularly noticed the Parlia- mentary Elections Bill, the Polling at Elec- tions (Ireland) Bill, the Sale of Encumbered Estates (Ireland) Bill, the Health of Towns Bill, and the Prisons Bill. In exhibiting these wretched spectres to mortal eyes, the noble and learned lord availed himself largely of the language of Virgil. Having con- cluded this review, he said he was almost tempted to confess that anything was better than a Ministry without power. The session was indeed one disappointing to the people, ruinous to the character of Parliament, and in its actual performances insufficient and bad. The noble and learned lord's speech was diffuse, rambling, and incoherent in the extremest degree, and made a sorry contrast to those condensed, conseqeuent, and mas- terly reviews of the labours of Whig sessions which Lord Lyndhurst made so famous. The Marquis of Lansdowne contended, that not a word had been uttered in condem- nation of the present that did not equally apply to the legislation of past sessions. He shortly defended the conduct of the govern- ment in carrying or giving up their measures, and met the motion with a direct negative. No other peer made a remark, and the motion waa negatived without a division. The Election«.-The elections have ac- tually engaged the interest of the country. The metropolis is beset with candidates, in the city a set is made at Lord John Russell, and great efforts are being made to secure his seat against the hostile feelings excited by his supposed aliance with the Baron Roths- child. Lord John has ably defended himself, and his speech to the electors is now widely circulated, with an ad captandum appeal to Churchmen, Dissenters, Jews, and Catholics. The Conservative candidates are Mr. Master- man, Alderman Johnstone, Mr. Bevan, and Mr. Freshfield. They all more or less directly declare themselves against any further con- cessions to the Catholics. Their motto is " Rally round the Protestant Candidates ;" and this will be the spirit of the contest. The Liberals of Marylebone have decided, by ballot, to select the services of Mr. Daniel Whittle Harvey with those of Sir Benjamin Hall ; but no sooner had Sergeant Sbee and Lord Dudley Stewart resigned than Sir James Hamilton is announced as a Conservative candidate, and a contest is scarcely avoidable. There may be a show of contest also at West- minster, but the other metropolitan boroughs will probably remain as they were. The Young England party in England, and, Strange to say, the Repeal party in Ireland, are gathering strength, and both will trench upon their elders in the next parliament. But the most remarkable incident connected with the elections is the manifesto of Sir Robert Peel. The Right Honourable Baronet addresses his Tamworth constituents, offering his services " upon public grounds," and assuring them that several more important places have offered him their representation. He recapi- tulates his acts in office and his conduct in opposition ; defends his free-trade legislation, and advocates the endowment of the Catholic priests in Ireland. It is a state paper of con- siderable ability, and in all probability sha- dows out the ministerial course, whatever hands wield power, for some time to come. The Potato Disease.- Having, in several parts of the present and last number of our paper, quoted important facts lrom the Athenäum report of the proceedings at Ox- ford during the late scientific meeting, we may be excused for adding in this place a specimen of what may be called the " un- certainty of science." The subject was the Potato Disease. Mr. Westwood denied, as an entomologist, that any aphis were the cause, and said that Mr. Smee's vastator was an old insect. He was glad to point out the consequence of such ignorance in a university where neither zoology nor anatomy were recognised studies. Dr. Lankester held that old soil was the cause of disease, or favourable to it. Mr. Babington believed the soil was at fault. Sir W. Jardine had potati e? spoiled in new soil ; he thought moss soil a preservative. Mr. Hoy m said, grow them from seed, and the potato would be safe. Mr. C. Darwin brought seed from Peru, but the tubers grown from it were equally affected with others. The Rev. N. Young showed aphides on the leaves, and thought them a cause, not an effect of the disease. ' France.-The trials have closed in the Chamber of Peers, and Cubières, Teste, and I Parmentier are found guilty. The Siècle I says, " we admit that the crime which was proved so clearly called for a punishment the more severe that the accused filled a lofty position in society. The public opinion is free to form its own appreciations, and we believe ourselves to be its faithful interpreters when we declare that it has considered the measure of just severity overpassed in the case of General Cubières." The Constitu- tionnel is of the same opinion. The Na- tional considers the judgment illegal relative to M. Teste, inasmuch as the law, it says, declares formally that the fine ought to be double the sum received. It also asserts that the subjecting of General Cubières and M. Parmentier to a civil degradation and lOjOOOf. fine, is in formal disaccord with the law. When the sentence of the Court of Peers was announced to M. Teste, that por- tion of it which condemned bim to imprison- ment threw him into a violent state of phrenzy, which produced congestion of the brain, and his wound threatened a dangerous abscess. His state was such as to threaten serious consequences. He has since been re moved from the Luxembourg to the Conci- ergerie, where an apartment is to be pre- pared for him precisely under the Court of Cassation, in which he sat as president duringthelistthreeyears. A demand for sepa- ration de biens has just been made by Madame Marie Catherine Teste, wife of M. Teste. As soon as the judgment was told to General Cubières he paid the various sums in which he was mulcted, amounting in the whole to 12,000f., and he was forthwith liberated. M. Parmentier will not be discharged until he has in a similar manner paid the fine and his share of the costs. M. Pellapara had re- turned to Paris, and delivered himself up to justice. By the order issued by the Court of Peers during the trial, when his flight was announced, he had to the 28th instant to do so. It appears that his first flight was to Holland, whence he passed to England, and it was from London that he wrote the letters which were of such importance at the trial. His trial was to take place yesterday (Friday). It was reported that the King had refused to accept the resignation of General Cubières, a peer of France, wishing to leave justice its entire action over the accused. Continental.-The King of Holland is so much indisposed as to be compelled to travel, leaving his brother as Regent. The King of Belgium is worse in mental health than is his royal neighbour phisically, and he too is bound for the south, the Queen acting as Regent.-The Emperor of Russia is also ill at ease ; and of the crowned heads of Europe, few are free from heartache. The Queen of England is happily the marked exception. A letter from Rome of the latest possible date, states that Cardinal Grizzi, who had resigned, and whose office of Chief Minister had been assumed, it was stated, by Cardinal Fereti, is to continue in rffice. [from the "port phillip herald."] The arrival of the Thomas Hughes and Vixen has furnished us with news from Brimin some days la:er than we have had, and Captain Lowe, 01 the hitter barque, has kindly supplied us with a copy of the Times of the 24th July, being the latest home journal in the province. With regard to the money market, the Times reports that on the evening of the 23rd July the English funds continued heavy. A variety of causes, amongst which might be mentioned the expectation of £450,000 stock being shortly sent upon the market, in con- sequence of the liberation of railway deposits at the end of the session-the increased demand for money, which had that day been particularly evident-and the renewal of the circumstances which recently threatened a rupture between Turkey and Greece, having further contributed to this tetidency. Con- suls opened at 88| to i, for money, and went down to 88J, from which they scarcely re- covered, the closing prices being 88|. The Times, July 20, slates that it is pro- bable that after the close of the session Sir William Sommerville will succeed Mr. La- bouchere, as Under Secretary for Ireland, and Sir Denis Le Marchant would take the place of the former, as Under Secretary for the Home Department. Amongst the deaths Was ¿he name of the O'Connor Don, one of the members for the county of Roscommon (Ireland), and n Lord of the Treasury, who died in London from a disease of the heart. Coast Defences.-A battery of guns has been erected at Bembridge, and the officers and men of the coast-guard stationed at that part of the Isle of Wight have commenced the great gun exercise, under the direction of Captain Chads of the Excellent, who will have the management and superintendence of the drill in this neighbourhood. The guns and stores have been furnished from the Ex- cellent. Captain Houston Stewart, C.B., Comptroller-General of the Coast-guard, has been in communication with Captain Chads, for these officers to arrange one uniform and systematic plan for the instruction of the officers and men of the coast-guard of the United Kingdom, and at every station it is intended to have boats fitted with light guns, shot, Sec In addition to the above, the Ordnance Board have this week commenced removing the wood erections on the old Semaphore, in Portsmouth, preparatory to making it efficient to mount heavy guns, and the most active exertions are making by the artillery and engineer departments to render the fortifications in and near Ports- mouth and Gosport complete and formid- able, according to the recommendations of the committee on coast defences. War Office, July 23.-28th Foot. Lieut. Archibald Edward Cochrane Forster, from the 5th Foot, to be Lieut., vice Burrell, appointed to 45th Foot. 50th Foot.-En- sign Edward George Hibbert, from the 24th Foot, to be Ensign, vice Hinde, who ex- changes. Portugal.-Entrance of Saldanha into Oporto.-Cold-blooded Assassination. (Lisbon, July 9.)-You will have heard long ere this (writes the correspondent of the Daily News) of the surrender of Oporto to the forces of the allied pon ers, and that the Spaniards entered and took possession of it on the 30th ult. During the act of the gar- rison rendering their arms, a most atrocious and cold-blooded assassination took place. Major Vilar, the commandant of the national battalions, in passing en route at the head of his regiment to the point designated for him to occupy, was fired at from a window of a house, and fell instantly, mortally wounded. The house from which the murderers fired was immediately entered by the troops, and the assassins, seven in number, taken in the act of attempted escape. The exasperated soldiery would have bayonetted them upon the spot but for the prompt interference of General Concha, who ordered them imme- diately to prison, with a promise that they should be executed in the morning. But this mode of administering justice did not ex- actly harmonize with Saldanha's notion of the fitness of things, so yielding to urgent entreaty and remonstrance, Concha gave them up, and the assassins are yet unhung ; and as they are of the faction of the Cabrais, there remains little doubt but that the mur- derers will escape with a brief imprisonment. The Count das Antas, and the Viscount Sa da Bandeira and other chiefs, are yet in the English admiral's prison custody ; why is not known, unless it is that they refuse to affix their names to a document sent out from the English Foreign Office, pledging themselves to submit in all things to the Cabrai govern- ment, and to abstain from even their senato- rial duties, and from all interference whatever in public affairs. Coupling these facts with the undoubted one of the hourly expected arrival at the palace of Costa Cabrai from Madrid, you may imagine that there is little chance of tranquillity, or of the nation reco- vering its liberty, now the people have been disarmed, and rendered comparatively power- less. By telegraphic despatch from Oporto, we are in possession of the news of the entry of Saldanha, and his army, on the morning of the 7th instant; the Serra convent, or rather fortress, on the south side, as well as the castle of Villa Nova de Gaya, having been previously given up to bim by the Spaniards. Beyond a brief notice conveyed by telegraph, we are without particulars. Sentence on M. Teste and his Asso- ciates.-The court of Peers assembled at twelve on Saturday, with closed doors, as on the three preceding days, and again remained all day in deliberation. As the hours passed on, the crowd in the court of the Luxembourg increased considerably r so that towards five o'clock it was almost impossible to get through the mass of persons wedged to- gether, except by the angle avenue kept clear by the police agents. At three o'clock a notice had been sent to the counsel of the prisoners that the judgment would be pro- bably delivered about five o'clock, and that they should hold themselves in readiness to attend. The gentlemen of the public press, also, received similar notice, and a room to wait in was placed at their disposal. It is the custom to admit the public without tickets when the Court of Peers gives a judgment, and at five o'clock, when the doors were opened, the rush was tremendous, and in two minutes every place was occupied. The Chancellor then intimated that the public sitting had commenced. The accused were not present, the judgment being always intimated to them after the proceedings, by the registrar of the court. M. Delangle, the Procureur General, and M. Glandaz, the Ad- vocate General, occupied the places ap- propriated to them during the trial. M. Paulet, M. Teste's counsel, and M. Baroche, General Cubières' counsel, were present. The gentleman who had defended M. Par- mentier was present. The Chancellor having intimated that he was about to read the judgment of the court, the legal defenders rose up, and remained standing to the end. The judgment, after recapitulatingthe charges with all the repetitions incidental to legal documents, and quoting at length the articles of the penal code which relate to the case, declares all the prisoners guilty, and then passes the following sentence, which we gave in brief yesterday :-"The court de- clares confiscated to the profit of the hos- pitals of Paris the sum of 94,000f. given to Jean-Baptiste Teste to consummate corrup- tion. Condemns Jean- Bapiiste Teste to civil degradation, to a fine of 10,000f., and to three years' imprisonment. Condemns Amédée Louis Despans Cubières to civil degradation, and to a fine of 10,0001'. Condems Marie Nicholas Parmpntier lo civil degradation, and to a fine of 10,000f. Orders that each of the persons so condemned be held per- sonally, and without any joint action, re- sponsible for the pecuniary penalties men- tioned above. Condemns Jean-Baptiste Teste, Amédée-Louis Despans Cubières, and Marie-Nicholas Parmentier to be conjointly responsible for the costs of the suit, of which costs the payment shall be effected confor- mably to law, both for the portion to be sup- ported by the persons condemned, and for that to be borne by the state. Fixes at five years the duration of imprisonment that may be exercised towards the condemned in case the pecuniary penalties above-mentioned are not duly paid.-Morning Chronicle, July 20. 