COURT OF REQUESTS. NOTWITHSTANDING the disjointed specimen of rhetorical declamation, recently dished up with prudish coquetry hy a Quixotic scribe and Qiusi-practical Pharisee, in the columns of a cote'mporaneous hebdomadal, we did on Tuesday morning last, placidly resume pur duties in the LITTLE NICHE, which has been heretofore accurately des- cribed amongst our Reports of the LITTLE GO ; and though neither addicted to NIC- TATION or its TOPPING CLIMAX the night- cap, we failed to NICK the MAIN/WMCII the journal above alluded to has RATTLED. Yield- ing to none in the earnestness of our desire to uphold the integrity of Courts of Law ; ever ready to oppose the exer- cise of arbitrary power in high places, or executionary trickery in subordinate ones, we should regret exceedingly, did any sweeping and unfounded ceusure of ours, tend to disparage the-character of a whole department. Point-out the WOLF and we will HUNT him to. the Death, but fie upon the Churl; who bigoted to calumny-allows his pen indiscriminately to injure worth, and shields himself from the consequences, hy making his allega- tions general, " We have teen in formed" says he, « that there.is a species of bribery, quite common among the clerks, which is involved in the secret transaction of business properly official." Ile then goes on to say, "if this be true." What right has any Journal, wantonly and grossly to insult clerks of long stand- ing and severely tested integrity upon shallow hearsay ; or (as we have good ground for believing in this case) upon the less veritable evidence of a self in- terested knave1? It has been said of the writer whose strictures, we are endeavouring to subvert, that '. He Greek and Latin speaks with equal ease. That pigs eat acorns and tame pigeons peas." and furthermore it has been alleged that this LEARNED PIG, being much addicted to the bottle, frequently finds himself in such STRAITS (ROUNDS ?) that very vigorous mental efforts are necessary to produce physical resuscitation, and during one of these paroxysms, this literary Tornado, must have been collected ; for, who but a Philosopher borne upon the fumes of inebriation would (as does our friend in another portion of his epistle) deign to animadvert upon the pecadilloes of non- entities, or call in question the correctness of the principles which instigate indivi- duals, who with but little stretch of meta- phor, may be classed amongst the Prote larian men of Rome. How immaculate must he this Preacher's chastity ! how spotless his conception of mundane matters, when he is frenzied to find a bailiff of an inferior Court, not quite so highly polished a scholar, as the Lord Chancellor of England, neither quite so exorbitant in his demands as PITT, who with much apparent truth declared that every man had his price. Bah ! this is morality " a la mode," and though we should be loathe to deny, that a share of that PROFESSIONAL impurity, so dolorously complained of, exists amongst the very CANAILLE of the order, we cannot but con- ceive the lowly recipients of such fury to be too unimportant a class to obtrude their respective inaptitude or ability-or their grievances INTER SE upon the most nobly adapted purposes of the Press. The ATLAS will probably,sooner or later, devote -a similarly lachrymose column to an en- quiry, as to whether Green, the hangman, ever takes tip, in order to afford the cul- prit, an extra foot of rope. We may have occasion to make further allu- sion to this subject, but in our present issue proceed to take a cursory glance at the doings of thc week. What's ßnding is nit. keeping.-Abraham Joseph Levey, late a publican, of Pitt- street, ap- peared to show cause wily tho sum of nine pounds should not be refunded, under the following cir- cumstances :-It appeared that, on Saturday, thc 2öth ult., at about four o'clock, a poor woman named Osborne, wife of a labouring man in the employ of Mr. Smith of Castloreagh-street, went into Blyth the confectioner's shop, to purchase a cake for her child: as she withdrew her hand from her pocket with the necessary coin, a roll of notes tied up with red tape accidentally fell upon the Moor ; the bewitching datnoiselle who sells kisses (blue and red) to customers, observed thc valuable package, but regarding it merely as a rag toy, exposed her well-shaped ankle, and sent the bundle spinning towards tho door," where a young urchin living next door picked it up, examined its contents, and with a readiness which augurs well for his future career, divided tba swag amongst his companions.-Mrs. Osborne soon discovered her lois, and returned to tho Pastry-cook's to make it known. Her earnest- ness and sincerity of manner, co.ipled with other circumstances, brought to recollection what had previously occurred, and a messenger was des- patched next door to enquire after the missing property.-Mrs. Levey at first said tho child had brought nothing home, and to a subsequent ap- peal, the reply was, that the child had brought homo something looking like a bundle of rags, which had been flung into thc street. ' This pre- varication proving anything but satisfactory, the husband (who had in the interim arrived) became importunate and clamorous ; Iiis solici- tation personally to examine the child was met with an indignant rcbuT; but, a3 a crowd had collected around the dwelling, they pacified him by requesting he would call on tho following day. Ho did so accordingly, when Mrs. Covey meeting him at tho threshold, begged him to como in, as no one would hurt him ; she theil admitted that the children had brought home three one-pound notes, and that had not so large a demand have been made on thc previous even- ing, tho money would have been handed over. (The notes consisted of one £5 and four single ones.)-Several witnesses were called, who proved that on the afternoon in question, the children ran home with " some pretty pictures" in the shape of Bank-notes, and handed them over to Mrs. Levey ; that the children told their mother how they became possessed ; and that Mrs. Levey did not in consequence'of such information either go or/send to Blyth's to make enquiry as to thc matter.-Levey in his defence stated that he was absent when the occurrence took place, but that when he arrived home, and had learned the aspect of things, he " thought it to de his duty" to go to a Newspaper Office and advertise the same. He strongly protested that but £3 had been taken to his house by his children, but failed to show why his wife did not immediately send into Blyth's upon an infant bringing home Bank-notes, and telling her that he hail picked them vp on the step of a neighbottrls door.-His Honor ruled that his verdict must be for thc £3 only, it being possible that as the little boy had opened thc parcel in the street, the £5 and tho remaining one had taken flight. Reporters arc not allowed to comment upon cases, or-: Extraordinary Freak of N'attire.-Dr. Colyer of Elizabeth-street, "with his martial cloak around him," and looking more like- tho Ghost of Sir John, than a man of thew and sinew, slowly and sadly read over his lengthened category of griev- ances, in order .to set-aside the demand of ono Mrs. Midwife Ward, who falsely conceiving him to be a. full grown child, endeavoured to deliver ?him of five guineas. The defendant stated that tho plaintiff had been engaged as a monthly nurse to attend upon Mrs. Colyer during hoe confinement, for which she was to receive tho amount blaimed j. that the nurse having per- formed a part of thc contract, abruptly left her mistress's service-in the middle of thc night, in order to fulfil other avocational duties, much to the danger and dissatisfaction, of her charge ; that tho defendant had refused to allow plaintiff to resume her duties-had piovidcd his wife with a substitute, ergo, the resistance to the volun- tarily-liquidation of the claim. In giving his statement Mr. Colyer caused considerable mer- riment in the Court. In allusion to the abscond- ing scene, ho observed, " I was asleep upon a mnttrass on the floor of an.adjoining room;whcn waking in alarm, I found Mrs. tt'ard kneeling on roy chest, and'with nothing on her but her night-gown. . . . . « As soon as I found that she had left the house, I got up and. went into my wife's room, raised her up in bed in order that sha might get the phlegm off her stomach, and I was afterwards obliged to tako the child and nurse it and suckle if.'« (Great laughter.) Mrs, Ward's excuse of pre vious engagements, calls of humanity, &c;, &c.;, were of little avail, Ute Commissioner adjudging her payment of one guinea. Taking a Sight.-A Mr. Robinson-no ref- lation to the famed Master of Friday, though the singularity of his exterior would almost war- rant the assumption- roll'd into the enclosure in immediate attendance upon his late landlord, to explain away some few irrelevant sections ia the Act. The venerable Cooper had, however, got but a rotten tub to stand upon; and after displaying considerable profundity in forensic at- tainments, was convinced against his will that a weekly tenant is bound to give a week's notice of intended removal. Judgment once obtained, the defendant still harping npon the wide dif- ference between Law and Equity, begged to get a little time. Four weeks was obtained by con- sent-upon which the saucy man of hoops ele- vated his dexter thumb to his proboscis, and in the politest style saluted thc successful suitor. [Our Imp suggests that this vas taking a Inner in more senses than one.] A Modern Hercules.-" Call Samuel-fear no-man," said the Tipperary Vindicator to the Constable in attendance, and the Peeler saved not his lungs, but slightly and with admirable naivete altered the sentence. A new chum pass- ing by, stood in silent wonderment, half accre- diting the idea that the Policeman was-perform- ing the annual ceremony of challenging for tin Right Worshipful the Mayor ; nor need surprise bc manifested, when we explain that the fellow was shouting, " Samson fears no man-Samson fears "no man," in the three times three mode. The real Simon Puer, whoso absence had caused so much noise in the word, rejoices in tho mora continental etymology of S. Furneaux Man. and is a worthy candle-maker on the Brickfield Hil!,' against whom a verdict for wages due to a former domestic was recovered. What induced the maa in blue uniform to perpetrate such a joke it. beyond surmise, unless ho being thoroughly ac- quainted with the merits of the maid's cast, was of opinion that any attempt to overcome lier could only be made with " thc jaw-bone of an ass." Smart Praciice.~A highly respectable Emt raider, indulging in the cognomen of Paddy Lynch, with an appearance somewhat between the Monster in Frankenstein and Billy Barlow, took it into his head that " Misther. Survcyhor Smart" had trenched a little upon, his banking account, by refusing tolland over certain moneys, in payment of certain trenchings upon Misther Smart's ground. Patrick with a' vast deal of' Connaught volubility, explained to his Honor the " nathur of an agramvnt into which ho had been inwiggled to'trinch the ground, and ixtract the stumps to tlie'dipth pf three feet at three tin pennies a rod, by the same token ; which wa? accordingly done, barring the stumps," and these it appeared would have puzzled a dentis' to unfork. The defendant stood on the " rule'' of thc trade, and insisted on his right to dsdur sixpence a rod from Paddy's earnings where li< had not gone the whole hog, or radier the wholt depth. His Honor, however, had a rod in pickli for Misther Smart, and coolly informed him, tba the " rule" of the trade was not the " rule" o law, and however unsatisfactory it might be t( him, Paddy's claim must be satisfied.-Padth on hearing bia Honor's decision, let a war whoop out of him that electrified the Court, am which would have made his fortune amongst th Rebel Chiefs in New Zealand-while the defen dant walked away evidently Smarting under th cilccts of the decision. Vp the Spout.-Mr. Abrahams, a person wh described himself as " one of great respecta bility," though somewhat contracted means, ap pear'cd at the instigation of his late landlord t show cause why a certain spout should nut b replaced upon the vacated premises, or suitat/1 allowance made. Mr. Hcenoy, the plainti:! denied the statement as to the respectability o defendant, whose system of conducting a defen; though perfectly original, was not altogether el fective. Verdict for plaintiff, 10s. Gd. 