POLICE REPORT. TUESDAY. Susan and Henry Hart were respectively charged with drunkenness. They both appeared somewhat downcast upon the occasion, but the anxiety of their looks was immediately dissipated on being informed that the sum of ten shillings would he mercifully ac cepted as an expiation of their offence. They ac cordingly quilted the office in much better ' heart' than they entered it. More than one of Her Majesty's peace conserva tors was observed to start and turn pale, as a being which they evidently look for the apparition of Mrs. Jane Titmus, entered the office, and with a coun tenance stern and commanding as the ' Ghost of Hamlet' took up its station at the bar. They ap peared for some moments in doubt whether it was indeed 'A spirit of heath, or goblin damned.' And one more courageous than the rest seemed on the point of enquiring, \- Why the brick building To which he saw her recently committed Mad op'd in ponderous and duskey jaws To cast her up again,' When tbe necessity of so doing was superseded by the clerk, who in his usual manner observed to the sup posed Ghost that she was charged with being drunk, and requested to know in what manner she intended to plead. The lone of voice in which this question was answered (although perhaps somewhat hoarse and speculcral) was nevertheless sufficient to prove that tbe respondent was still an inhabit of this ' nether sphere,' and a penalty of firv shillings was the conse quence. (In order to explain the trepidation of the constables it mast be borne in mind that ' Jane' wan a short time ago fully committed for trial on a charge of stealing a coat, but was subsequently discharged from custody in consequence of no bill being been found against her.) John (not Daniel) Lambert, was charged with over-imbibing. Ordered to pay the customary fee for bis night'* lodging. J. Oakley, William Clarke, and William Gilbert, were severally (ined in the penalty of five shillings end costs, for riding on their carts unprovided with reins, contrary to the terms of the police act. Clarke eeenied to consider it a particular hardship that the testimony of the constables should be suffered to pre vail ' against his perfect honour,' end that every man prevented from breaking bis own nock, or the limbs of bis fellow suujecls.ought immediately to leave tbe colony. Thomas Goodman, suspected of being a very bad man, was remanded on suspicion of stealing a variety of articles from tbe bouse of Mr. P. Monagban. Lie was apprehended ten minutes after tbe robbery by the activity of Constable Durham. David Hayes, the well-known dealer in colonial earthenware, was fined in the penalty of £3 and costs for not adhering to the doctrine of non- resistance in eulcated by Charles Fox, He opposed (and more over instructed bis servants to oppose Constable Leake in the execution of his duty and the conse- quence was as above stated. WEDNESDAY. A man named Williams was fully committed for trial, charged with stealing a quantity of firewood. Henry Beading, was ordered to pay the sum of five shillings for renouncing tbe Queen's English and betaking bimself to tbo use of slang, and thai loo,of the DioBt filthy and abominable description. Thos. Thompson, a pessholdcr, was recommended to try tbe effects of a fortnight's residence with Mr. Horsham, in caring him of night rambling. Aware of tbe regular hours imposed on all members of thai gentleman's establishment, the Magistrate was of opi nion tbat under his management tbe culprit would be brought to see and acknowledge the truth and beauty of the adage— ' Early to bed, and early to rise, ' Makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.' John Williams, was fined in the penalty of twenty shillings and costs, in consequence of bis having se lected tbe countenance of Constable Austin as an ap propriate object on which to exhibit his attainments in the ' art and mystery' of ' pugilism.' THURSDAY. William Austin and John Foley for acts of inde cency committed under the potent influence of drink were ordered to subscribe tbe sum of ten shillings each, to the use and necessities of the stale. Henry Smith, pleaded guilty to the charge of being drunk, uproarious, pugnacious and vociferous. 80 completely in fact had be succeeded in ' steeping his eenBeB in forgetfulness' as to mistake the public pathway for bis bed. On one of the constables under taking to apprise him of bis error and to find him bet ter and more comfortable lodgings at tbe ' Victoria' the foolish wine-bibber instead of thanking him for his kindness, commenced knocking with his feel striking with his bands and biting with bis teeth. Assistance being procured, he was reluctantly com pelled to part with a bottle of real ' Jamaica,' but in doioc so. contrived to inflict upon tbe unwel come invader of his rights a kick which tbe latter ac tually mistook for that of a horse ! Fined in the sum of twenty shillings James Pylo, for a most egregious departure from the rules of temperance, was ordered to deposit wilu tbe district constable a sum commensurate with bis offence. Thomas Walsh, a third class passholder was charged by his master Mr. J. DcLitlle, with having either through wilfulness or negligence, disposed b quantity of live embers in such a position as to endan ger the safely of his (Mr. DeLillle's) premises. From that individual's statement, it appeared that the pri soner was employed as cook and that last night, his master on returning home about half pBst ten o'clock found to bis great surprise, a heap of wood ashes in a slate of ignition, in close contact with a bundle of straw, brushwood, and other combustibles deposited behind a wooden shed. Prisoner 011 being questioned admitted having tbrowu tbe ashes there, but alleged tbat ho bad no idea of their containing fire at the time. His defence before the magistrate was to (he same effect, but his worship telling htm tbat bis con duct had, to say the least of it, been marked by a degree of negligence wholly unpardonable, nenteoced him to ten days' solitary confinement. TERMINATION OF THE BIGAMY EXAMINATION. Mr. M, Josophs was agaiu examined, touching ihe charge of bigamy preferred against him by his reput ed wife, Catherine Josephs. William Howse stated, that he bad known the accused upwards of twenty years ; when witness was First acquainted with him, he was a prisoner of the crown, in the service of James Yales ; be was sub sequently believed to have married the female Calherine Richards, who, at the time of her marriage, was in the service of Mr. J.C Simpson; in the year 34 or '35 the same woman came to reside year '31 or '35 the same woman came to reside with witness in the capacity of housekeeper, and about six years ago removed with him to Melbourne. Josephs never evinced an inclination to disturb their arrangements ; on the contrary he always laughed on passing witness in the street; he was at tbe same time known to be cohabiting with Margaret Rey nolds; two of his children used frequently to come and enquire for their Mother; about five years ago witness saw the accused in conversation with Calherine Josephs, near the Royal Exchange, Mel bourne ; they appeared to be wrangling and quar relling together but witness was unacquainted with tbe subject of their dispute ; knew nothing of any offer ol compromise made by the proiecutrix in re ference to tbe present charge; was however quite sure tbat be himself had bad no hand in any negotiation of the kind ; did not leave Melbourne in ibe expec tion of obtaining money from Josephs, but could no1 of course undertake lo answer for the intentions o' other people. In cross-examining the witness Mr.Rocber endea voured lo shew that tbe so-called Mrs. Joicphs had been in ibe habit of living with witness as Lib wife ; witness after telling him that be considered himself under no obligalioD to answersuchquestions conclude eil by denying in the most positive manner, tbat she (the prosecutrix) bad ever been looked upon in ihe light of bis (witness') wife ! i 1 Mary Vales (tbe next witness) knew bnt little of tba tntUer, further than that upon Josephs getting into trouble, tbe proiecutrix— to whom he was sup posed to bare been previously married — went (o reside under tho roof of Mr. James Yates, whose assigned serrant Josephs formerly was; they bad always been looked upou in the neighbourhood as man and wife. The Rev. John West proved imviog performed tho marriage ceremony between the prisoner and a femalo named Margaret Walsh ; did so in pursuance of a license directed lo him from the office of the ' Deputy Registrar of Itirtbg, Deaths, and Mar riages.' To the best of bis belief, the female now present (alluding to the individual in couecquencoof his marriage with whom, the present proceedings bad been instituted J was the person to whom the accused was on that occasion united ; would not, however, have recognized ber as such in the absence of surrounding circumstances; they were married in accordance with the terms of tbe Act of Council now in force. Tbe magistrate being abont to examine Margaret Josephs, Mr. Rocber objected to the proceeding, on the grounds that she had no right to be called upon for her evidence in the absence of any proof respect ing the prior marriage. The point being argued at some length between the magistrate and counsel, it was, at length agreed upon to take Josephs' admission of the fact of his marriage with her, aud this being done in due form, bis worship remarked, that under all tho circum stances, be should feel it bis duty to commit the accused for trial. He was, boivctcr, admitted lo bail, himself, and two other nersons in Ibe sum of £30 each. FRIDAY. - John Herbert, Edward Boler, and Mary Ann, bis wife, were charged with feloniously uttering a quantity of base coin, with intent lo defraud Mr. G. Heasing. A number of witnesses aero examined, from whose testimony it appeared, lhat on Saturday last, an individual named ' Mark Salome' deposited wilb tbe prosecutor some bottles of pickles, butter, and other articles for sale. On going the same evening to receive payment, ' Ueasing' handed over to him a quantity of bad silver, ' Mark' naturally enquired from whom he received it? anil on learn ing, went imniodialely for Ibe police. On his way, he encountered tho prisoner with a bottle of his (witness's) pickles under bis arm. On fiuding him self observed, the latter boiled, but being closely pursued, was given into custody. On being taken lo the shop, prosecutor at once identified him (and subsequently bis wife) as the person from whom he received llio base coin. Herbert was also proved to have been in company with them. In Baler's house was found by thone indefatigable ' rummagers,' Messrs. Drake and Vanderville, a quantity of metal, moulds, and other coining utensils. — The prisoners were alt committed. 