THE RIBBON CONSPIRACY. In out last number we announced our intention of publishing the whole Ribbon system, which we have ascertained to exist in this very City of Sydney. Every Irish Protestant, at least, is aware that this Ribbon conspiracy is nothing more or less than en attempt to organize the whole ol the Irish peasantry, from one end ol the country to the other, for the purpose of overr throwing the Protestant government and restor ing the reign of Popery. That is the real and ultimate object : but, as both the object and the Association are plainly treasonable, it has always been the chief aim of the par'y to con ceal their true object, and the nature of their Association. During the first part of this cen tury, the avowed object was " Emancipation " and if this had been the real object, the Associa tion should have dissolved itsell immediately on the passing o,f the Emancipation Act of 1829; but this measure was no sooner passed, than the Ribbon leaders declared that they accepted Emancipation only as an instalment. Every subsequent concession which O'Connell wruug from the pusillanimity of the Whig-Radica cabiuet of William IV , only served lo whet the appetites of the anti-Protestant party in Ireland, and the Ribbon organization proceeded as secretly and as extensively as ever. The sys tem which we are now about to publish contains all the modes invented by these rebel clubs for the purposes of mutual recognition. The docu ment from which we shall make our extracts was found on the person of a Masier of a Ribbon Lodge, shot ia an affray in Ireland shortly be fore the death of George III., and has been carefully preserved ever since. Nothing but our having discovered, as a fact which cannot be disputed, that Ribbonism exists in Sydney and that to a considerable extent, could have induced us to give such treason and blasphemy to the public. We have, however, not only discovered that Ribbonism exists, but that, in point of fact, the system at this moment used for mutual recognition is, to ail intents and pur poses, the same as that in our possession. A few words have been changed, to suit the change of circumstances and the progress of events, but we have succeeded, by putting the proper queries to parties whom we suspected of Ribbonism, in extracting from them such answers as have satis fied us, that the system has undergone no ma terial alteration. It is time that these dark and damnable secrets should be divulged— ii is time that this infernal conspiracy should be exposed to the gaze of an indignant public, and the real designs of those turbulent agitators who have made Ireland a land of misery brought forth to the light of dav« The following is the oath administered to the Jl'.bbonman on on his initiation : THE OATH Of; THE DUMB FREE " |o the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of ihe Holy Ghost, I do swear, in the presence of the mysterious Numbers, the contents of this Holy Bonk the Cross of Christ, and by our Holy.Fatberthe Pope, thai J will aid and assist the French, or any other po wer, that is endeavouring to free us from the Tyran nical laws of George III.: that J will be ready, at the shortest notice, to aid an.l assist in collecting money and Arms, to put this our grand design into execu tion. That I will spare neither person nor property of those Protestant Heretjcs, who are trampling this Cross under foot, and deny our B'essed Commis sioner: And that I will pay tenpence per month to to this or some other Committee : And that nothing but sickness or death shall prevent me from exerting my skill in forwarding this System from Parish to Pari h, until we are all initialed in a sure Bond, which will enable us to free our offspring from the B-nds ol slavery that we daily labor under : That I willnever betray any trust that is reposed in me : that Torture or Death will never make me discover a Com- mittei '-man : That T »ever will appear befpre a Judge or Jury to aive evidetce or prosecute any of my Brethren, until we shall smile at the Flag of Liberty ! So help me all the Holy Fathers!'' Such is the accursed and nefarious Oath, which, we have every reason believe, has been ad mistered to millions of her Majesty's subjects in Ireland, and to no inconsiderable number in New South Wales. It requires no comment ; every word tells its own fearful tale of treason and blood. But we particularly direct the at tention of our readers to the last clause of the Oath, by which the Ribbonman binds him3elf never to give evidence in a court of justice against his brethren in this infamous compact" We have here the explanation of the numerous murders, which, in the south and west of freland, have never been followed by the punishment Of the law. Among a peasanlry bound together by such an oath as that we have quoted, the arm ofjustice becomes powerless. It was'notorious that murderers escaped with impuuity : blood- stained wretches laughed in the face of the criminal judge, knowing that no evidence could 1 o found against them, and that no jury would convict them. At this hour there are men walking the soil of Ireland, who are as well known to be murderers as any ruffian who ever expiated his crimes the gallows-tree ; and yet these men can- not"be brought to justice,' because (he Crown can obtain no witnesses ; not a man can be found to prove, in open court, what the guilty parties themselves scarcely affect to deny. Men have often wondered at this : and some writers on Irish affairs have set it down as a trait in the Irish character, that the people sympathise with murderers. The cause of the impunity of mur? der is now no longer a secret : witnesses dare not give evidence ; for if they did, they would themselves be waylaid and murdered. Alas ! unhappy Irreland I Who can wonder that ilion art visited with famine and pestilence, when the (he blood of the innocent cries from the ground, and the wail of the widow and the orphan continually ascends to the ears of the Lord of Sabaotn ? Alas ! alas ! unhappy Ire_ land ! who can wonder that thou hast become a scoffing and a hissing unto the nations, when thy guilty children have by their secret combj, nations set justice at nought, and have set their faces against the Majesty of Heaven ? Who can wonder that men shake the head when fhv hear of thee, and, pitying tby sufferings while they condemn thy crimes, exclaim of thee' " Alas, alas ! unhappy Ireland ! We now proceed to what is properly called ' the System '» being a series of questions aud answers for enabling the conspirators to discover and prove each other. The reader will bear in mind that this " system" was devised before the death of George III., and will understand of course, that the portion o.f the system referring to Emancipation has been altered. The lQth question refers to the period antecedent to the Rebellion of '98, in which the misguided Lord Edward Fitzgerald played so prominent a part. The other parts of the system will be readily comprehended by any one at all acquainted with the history of Irish politics. THE SYSTEM. 1\. God sae you. Ans. And you likewise, my son. 2\. It is a fine day. Ans. It is, but a belter will come. 3\. Where are you going? Ahs, To Belfast. 4\. What to do ? Ana. To receive and forward de spatches. 5\. This is a bad road. Ans. Itwili soon be re paired. 6\. With what stuff? Ans. With Protestants' bones. ? Whose son are you ? Ana. Grace O'Maiiey's own child. 8\. Can you spell ? Ans. I can. S Say your letters. Ans A. G. I. AI. O.P., that is, A General Immediate Alassacre of Protestants. 10 What was your Motto? 4ns. L. E, F. (Lord Edward Fitzgerald.) 11\. What is your Alotto now? Ans. R. R. O C. (Roderick Rory O'Connor.) 12\. Whatisyour claim? Ans. Emancipation im mediately. 13\. Where may the sun rise ? Ans. In Lord Fin gal's Parlour. 14\. Where may it set ? 4ns. In No. 4 Thomas, street. 15\. Who made your Brogues? Ans. A Brother to bim that made yours. 16\. Who made your Coat? Ans. Never made, but worn in Loyalty. 17\. What is that between us? 4ns. Even ground as fur as 1 can see. 18\. What is your Name ? Ans . Litrht. 19\. From whence came the Light ? Ans. From the East. 20\. Were do you tread? Ans. On the g-ound of Loyalty and Liberty. 21\. What is that in your hand ? 4ns. A grain of seed, 22\. Where will you plant it J Ans. In the hca-'ts of Catholics. 23\. What is the length of your stick? 4ns. Long enough to cut down heresy. 24\. How do you wear your shoes? 4ns. Lefts and Rights. 25\. The person who pu'sthe ques ions hands the other a glass, saying " There is a mote in it." The answer is given without locking iq theglass— " Here's the man can clear it !" W e pause here foj the present, as our space is limited. But we shall complete our exposure of this hideous treason next week, and in the mean time leave our leaders to meditate on the sample we have already given. 