THE NEW REFORMATION IN GERMANY. The Morning Iferald contains the following ac count of the progress of thli party which within the last year or two had raised the standard of revolt against the Catholic Church in Germany -: BEaLIw, JULY 27.-We have news of thie result of the synod of the congregations professing the apostolic faith, which has been held at Schnedide mulls, and it is most afflicting. So unblushing was tihe dental of tile saving truths of the gospel mani fested at this meeting, that Dr. Jettmar and his lay coadjutor withdrew in disgust before its sittings terminated. They represented the apostolical flock in this city, and in spite of all tihe persuasions and exhortations which 'Christian love and faithfulness could urge were unable to prevent the meeting from repudiating the Confession of tile Holy Trinity -the divinity of Jesus Christ, and tile personality of the Holy Ghost. Not only did the members protest against tile adoption of the three ecumenical creeds, but treated the Apostles' Creed with slight. Tihe Godhead of the Saviour having become the subject of discussion, the Rev. Mr. Port, of Posen, who acted as president, asked whether any one pre sent really believed that Jesus Christ was very God ? And upon one of the Berlin Deputies replying that he believed it, and was as fully convinced of it as his own existence, the president treated the asseve ration with scorn and contempt. Again, when the Berlin deputies earnestly besought the assembly not to reject the Apostles' Creed, and to abstain from abbreviating it, the same individual observed that it contains " arrant nonsense." One of the depu ties called upon Czerski to use his influence to dis countenance so unscriptural and unbefitting a re mark, and to support the opposition raised by them in behalf of apostolical symbol. He answered that le saw nothing objectionable in the remark; and as for himself was averse to all confessions (sym bolicism), and should vote for doing away with all creeds, and the adoption of the Bible as the only standard. Di. Thirnen was also present, and proposed a confession for the congregations of the Grand Duchy of Posen, which is of so equivocal a charac ter as to suit almost every shade of belief, and the meeting adopted it. Czerski, 1 am told, has been invited to attend a meeting of the Evangelical Alliance in London ; but how can he show his face in so Christian an as sembly after consenting to the unchristian proceed ngs tranastcted at Shneidemuhl P 