DIVINE OFFICE AND MASS FOR THE RE POSE OF THE SOUL OF THE .LIBE RATOR. TO THE VIERY REV. AND REV. THlE CLERGY OF THEI DIOCESE OF TU?AM. St. Jarlath's, Tuam, Trinity Sunday, 30th of May, 1847. DEAR AND REVEREND BRETIIREN,-YOU are doubtless yet scarcely recovered from tile sudden shock which, in common with the entireo people of Ireland, you have received by the melancholy tidings of this fresh calamity which has fallen on our suffer ing and afflicted nation by the death of O'Connell, its mighty and beloved Liberator. This is no time for dwelling on the genius, the virtues, the services and sufferings of our great de parted countryman, who, in the inspired language, " avenged his nation and the sanctuary." Instead of indulging in excessive grief, now, alas, unavail ing, or in the grateful tributes of well merited eulo gies; ours is a duty far more consoling to his departed spirit, and one more congenial with the sacred ministry of God's altars. Those altars, the illustrious champion, now no more, was chiefly instrumental in setting free. He gathered the people of another Israel " out of the lurking holes into which they were driven," heating, fusing, moulding tile immense masses with thie fire which lie had instilled into them. ie encouraged the faithful and hereditary Levites to go and search for the " cave in which the ark and'the altar were hidden when tile sanctuary was trodden down," and enabled them to enjoy the consolation of bringing the " sacred fire out of the valley in which it was at once chilled and dimmed, and lighted up" again in our free and magnificent temples. To such a benefactor the choicest liturgies of those emancipated temples are due; it is a soothing reo flection, in the midst of all our country's calamities, that it is not with us as with " those who have no hope," as the apostle says, that our hearts echo the. besautiful sentiments of the inspired language, " that it a a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead," and that the :gravo closes not those merciful consolations which may be brought to his departed soul by his surviving brethren. .You will, then, in your respective deaneries, take tihe earliest opportunity of assembling which the overwhelming pressure of your respective duties will allow you, and offer up the propitiatory sacrifice of the Mass for the repose of the soul of the late dutiful child and heroic champion of the Catholic church, as welles of that sacred freedom and pro tection which it is anxious to extend in every clime and country to the whole race of Adam. The peculiar days and churches to be allotted to this holy service we .feel necessary to leave to your own convenient selection, knowing the condition of the priesthood of Ireland at this moment, harrassed with cares and duties above the strength of human nature, and distracted between the alternate func tions of being at the same time the temporal stewards and spiritual ministers of the necessities of the people. p In their anxiety to succour the poor whilst they are labouring under the severest privations, they re cal the picture of St. Paul, " exhibiting ourselves as ministers of God, in much patience, in tribulation, in necessities, in distresses, in labours, in watchings, in fastings, in chastity, in sweetness, in the Holy Ghost, in charity unfeigned-as dlying and behold we live, as chastised and not killed, as sorrowful yet always rejoicing, as needy yet increasing many, as having nothing and possessing all things." As soon, then, as you can have a respite from your severe labours, you will take occasion to mani fest your piety and gratitude by the celebration of high mass for the repose of the soul of the Eman cipator of our country. Through the prayers of the church he was liberated from the prison in which lihe was immured on the 30th of May-this anniver sary. . By the prayers of the same church, anil the oblation of the unbloody sacrifice of the altar, his soul, if detained on account of venial or unexpiated guilt, will be freed out of that prison from which there is no liberation until " the payment of the last farthing" due to tile Divine justice. When the last sad and solemn office shall have been accomplished, you will address the stricken people Lowed down under a two-fold calamity, and console their sufferings and sustain their hopes by your seasonable exhortations. The life of their great andt peaceful leader has been disposed of ac cording to the wise and merciful dispensations of Him who gave it. This is sufficient to reconcile them to his inscrutable decre'es. On such an occasion, you will be naturally re minded of the words of the Divine messenger," Why stand you here idle?' They cannot show a more reasonable or grateful homage to the spirit of him whose departure they will deplore, than whilst en gagelI in the prosecution of the great and beneficent work which he bequeathed to them, to practice the lessons of peace, which in imitation of his Divine Master, was his perpetual theme to all the associates of his labours. With this peaceful spirit they will unite at the same time his unconquerable energy and untiring perse: verance, not forgeting that unsleeping vigilance which will direct their eyes to the false and flitting lights so often set up to mislead them, and enable them to distinguish those which would beckon them to the breakers instead of guiding them to the shore. Tie evils, the unspeakable evils of the legislative Union are now placed beyond the reach of doubt or controversy. They are attested by the graves of the dead and the skeletons of the living the accusing monuments of that cruel policy which has syste nmatically consigned the people of Ireland to a food as precarious as that of men in a savage state, and interdicted them for the support of alien luxury and monopoly, the use, nay, the taste of the abundant harvests and numerous flocks with which the land teems, the produce of their peaceful and skilful in dustry. On the exclusive use of the same treacherous escu lent would the people again be thrown, were it to respring with its pristine abundance, if the same policy were persevered in until after a few seasons of delusive plenty they should find themselves again pierced to death by the broken reed on which they were again forced to lean for their support. And thus Ireland would have to revolve through a per i;etually returning cycle of scarcity, of famine, of pestilenlce, and of death. We need not remind you of the havoc made by such national or rather political events, not only on the lives, but on the virtue, the morality, the dignity, and the religion of the people. They are evils, which, if often recurring, would defy all the influn ence of an apostle to heal, nay, scarcely to mitigate, and would infalliby, in despite of all the efforts of the most zealous clergy, throw any society back into a state of disorganization. Such is almost the condition of society in our un fortunate country at this moment, threatening to fall asunder from the want of that food which is wasting all its vigour, nor would a spark of its vitality have long since temained were it not for tlhe sustaining spirit that is breathed into it by the ministers of religion, as in true religion alone are found tihe recuperative principles of society. SIt was by following those principles ihe for whom you are invited to offer your prayers so raised the lowly condition of the people that tihe fame of his glory was renowned even to the end of the earth. We must not suffer them to relapse into thie same or a worse condition by abandoning them to the bad control of a different class of teachers, Though almost all are now agr&ed; that the goal to which he aspired and for which hie strove wvith a giant's strength until hie sunk exhausted in tihe course, is the only one worth struggling for, we must keep a steady eye on tihe sacred principles of allegiance to the throne, and fidelity to God that uniformly guided his extraordinary career. \e must keep aloof from the councils of those who, whilst they are clamorous for civil liberty, would cheerfully bind in fetters the freedom of the churcls. It was by rescuing religious freedom from the political tyranny tlhat oppressed it that he suc ceeded in securing civil liberty to tihe people; and It is by their unholy endeavours to fasten on the church those chains which hie unloosened, tihe open and disguised enemies of the people hiope once more to sink them into that thraldom from which they were rescued by his mighty energies. Among those enemies there are some professing our own creed-worthless and venal self-seekers foes of the freedom of the church, of the freedom of the priesthood, of the freedom of the temples, of the freedom of education-strivlng to subject man's imnmortal soul to the same political discipline by which hlls body is governed; to reduce our hierarchy to a courtly and political vassalage, instead of a free independlence on the rock of Peter, as if the Divine Word had issued from the palaces of kings insteadl of the bosom of tihe Almighty, or as if those whom He sent to teach, to instruct, to educate, and to form had received their mission from a motley silnhedrimn of Pharisees anld Sadlducees, andl foreign sectaries assembled in tihe court, and controlled by tihe councils of Herod rather tlhan from lhim " whose kingdlom was ln5t of this world," antl who livedl aloof front tihe snares of isl political corruption: Those are our greatest enemies in the present awful crisis of Ireland's weakness and Ireland's widowhood-those who would give a secular and political form to the divine Spouse of Christ, and so fetter and embarrass it with anti- Catholic con nexions as to lose much of the dignity and benevo lence of its freedom. You have those among the senators sent to repre sent us in parliament. You have them in the cities, in the towns, in the country, men who for their own selfish purposes, would hand over their religion and its ministers bound to the tririmphal car of any hos tile statesman, and who requite the labours of those who pushed them into an eminence which their efforts would have never reached, by striving to make extinct the Catholic Church and its priesthood, bound, enslaved, and shorn of their strength, the sport and mockery of their enemies. Such was not the course pursued by hi n for whom you are now asked to have the most solemn service of the church performed. For this he earned their immitigable hate-for this lie earned the benedic tions of his country, of his age, and of posterity. It will be our duty, then, if unable to recal these erring men from their dangerous paths, at least, to guard the people against giying them any portion of their confidence. For we uniformly find that the Castle officials of an anti- Catholic government, far from securing any protection to your religionrr, only aggravate its oppression the more. T"heCatholic Church knows not that one- sided liberty of ancieut states vaunted so much-nay; by some modern men, too- which cannot beam its light upon the free, without turning its dark phases on the victims of slavery. No; like the sun of heaven it is destined to shine upon all, and hence the necessity of its own entire freedom in order to give the light and heat of freedom to others. The labours of your ministry will be much in creased by the removal of the venerated chief, whose influence contributed so much, in co-operation with your ministry, to preserve the public order. There is little danger of any injury to society or them selves, if the people shun the lessons of seduction By emancipation the great leader brought them out of the land of bondage-by the restoration of its native parliament to his country, he would have achieved Isis great mission, and rested from his toils. The people are still exposed to the same physical hardships as ever, fearfully aggrated in this terrible season-experiencing the periodical loss df the food to which they have cruelly been doomed. They are in danger of breaking out into dreadful mutinies, or perishing in the desert by those successive famines and it will be yours to console, to guide, and to sustain them, until the surviving remains reach that term of their labours which he brought within their view; but of which, like the great prophetic liberator, his prototype, a mysterious Providence had interdicted himself the enjoyment. I remain, dear and reverend brethren, your faith ful and allectionate servant in Christ, t JOHN, ARCHBISHOP OF TUAM. In a court running into Lock's-fields, London, i written, onr a piece of pasteboard,-" \Vetchin and hirening duu heare hat the cheapest rate. Babbies tucked in and wet nussed with the bottel, by Sarar Skeince." A paper in a window in Belvoir-street, Scholes, bears the following announcement-" Luddginges for a single mon and his woive." If a government cannot prevent revolt, it has no right to attempt to govern the revolters ! for 'it has uot succeeded in attainiing the just end of govern ment-namely, the comfort of the governed.-- Leigh Hlunt. 