sklect poe1miy. THE MAYOR'S FANCY BALE. " Tbero iv.is a .saunrl of revelry" at Knight's Victoria Tlieatre, and the sliifled scones, Gave plaee to living portraitures uf wights Bcdauberl in colors — aearlets, blues, and greens— Wliii tripp'd il blithely 'neatli the glaring lights As Peers and Peeresses, and Kings and Ijtioen., And Greeks and lioinati3 of lire antique school, Playing, and looking tn the life — the FOOL! All sorts — at least front every sort a sample- Amidst this motley throng were strangely jumbled — Ibe Jew upon the Gentile's toe did trample. Nor loud but deep the ettrse the sulVrcr mumbled, Divines of dillerent creeds, too, set example To "dancing dames," and o'er each other tumbled, Whilst through the graceful maze of the " l.anrrrs" They looked much less like Priests than Opera dancers : And forms angelic, such as pleasing dreams Will oft-limes picture — cast in mould di vine — Were flitting to and fro ; and Beauty's beams Were wooing suitors to her dazzling shrine. Contrasting brightly with the darker streams Of crowding gallants, who by love; or wine. Or both inspired to npr the " tnan of fashion," Thought — silly pups ! — to breed a kindred passion : And there were— but I hate to be precise— And therefore will nut say precisely who Appeared in garb, fur which they paid a price At I'trr. and Preston's, or — 'hvixt 1 and you — Some 1 could mention who not over-nice Their bills had given, which perchance when duo Will yield unto the snips who took their measure But poor per centage on the evening's pleasure. Suppose for brevity, we merely make Mention of two, or three, or even ten, Ami, as the Muse suggests, at random bike A sketch of each ; some fitthiontiblr men We will select the pnblic thirst to slake For information— 't were enow I ken Of pens, ink, paper, time, and brains to waste, On such a subject, not to speak of frtife. " In mal ins re-," we'll plunge — the Mayo .in stale Came like to Jehu, driving his own car ; Behind him, in luxtirinus rase, his male R.rlincd, a very dignified Mama : Upon their sterols the horse- policemen sale, M liilr their Commander, hot a furnace bar. Called out — " That carriage back — don't play these pranks ; Wc soldiers are placed here In keep the ranks." " V liy, I'm the Mayob," he cried in angry tone ; " Yes, lie's the Mayor," his loving spouse did scream, "Flesh of my flesh, and bone, Sir, of my bone, Baek-stitched to me for ever like a eani ; lie's true, as nrrdlc to my poll ; I own lie is aduekey" — " Madam I esteem Your fondness," qtiode the soldier in low voice ; " But what a goose-look has your ducky choice." On passed the snip, and followed him a flood Of civic Solons, merchants, clerks and lawyers. While roses, some full blooming, some in bud, 1-ookcd sweet on mimes who deemed them selves top-sawyers ; Then cried these damoscls, " Fie ! Fie ! — oh lud !" To red-skinned Indians and tattocd Maoris -, While Hamlet fluttered round them with head full Of nothing, like poor Yorick's brainless skull. There Dcsdcmona upon Cassio sntllcd in spite of grim Othello's looks of black ; There Keck and Drlon, arm-in-arm, be guiled The hour, fit portraitures of Faddy Whack ; M hile Bv.asnell, Benlinck of the South, well tiled. Spurred, booted, corded, looked a huntsman crack ; And Husking play'd that butcher Harry Tudor ; But two wives at a time — Oh- Hal-/i/oA pudor ! There Tcitxiii-i, with a lady, moved along, She. fair as Aphrodite of fabled sea; And gliding on, the dream uf poet's song, Or type of all love's wildering witchery ; And many a bosom in that motley throng Sighed, " Cooper Turner turn her o'er to But ouch thoughts were cut shorter by a hum ming. As By i .j . i sang — " Make way — the Ouv-nor's coming. Sta (Bn.vm.e3 and I.aiiv Marv entered there f'n suite, nu doubt a very brilliant sight ; Ills dress gave him a most heroic air. While she a lady is, in her own right ; A welt trained page her lengthy train did bear, Dark velvet, gold-gemmed, like star-span gled night. Which she, all gracefully lucked up at last, Sirs, Assisted by A. D. C'. Mister Masters. There as a Gentleman Sam l.jmns stalked. Fur once appearing in complete disguise. While Hum in black without a tm-krr walked. Except when he ili- eusved ibe supper pies Supplied by Fielding ; and uhilv others talked, The I 'inli it 'il.fr Hayes stood mute and wist- ; While (ioddard's foolscap garb, all wisdom scorning, Oft looked like night, and as oft turned to luiruing'. There Ci-rwkn Both an Abbott's hoary kilt Displayed, ineel Confessor to virgiu nuns t And Upper Benjamin his form did roll In plsidcil g'arb of thistly Scotia's Sons ; Grant Faduv from Newcastle brought his coal ; And Connki-l, British tar, fir'd oil' great guns ; While Grkkn of UariingUurst, that matt of hemp, i A yam was spinning for liis fat friend Kemp. Mister nnd Misses Isaac Tittcr ton Appeared, a Sporting l.ady and a Gent. ; 'T tvcrc puzzling to point Dentin out from Don, j So very strangely seemed the soxes blent ; Then Docron Nathan all in black walked on, ! A sable stick of wax ; while Fisher went, (To stump the party with n certain tone,) lit very best of characters—" His Own." Boa Cooi-p.a floated forth from his distillery An Admiral of blue-ruin, cold without, And linked unto a Mann of Horsc-Artillrry, Staggered and strutted roguishly about ; They looked like gentlemen released from . pillory. Meet game for all the rabblo and the rout ; Whilst Martin nping Leicester's courtly grace. Seemed devilish like a valet out of place. To shed a Kay of light upon lite tottle, The City Bard in quiet box reclined, Apptying oft his lips unto the bottle, To throw a little spirit o'er his mind : For unlike Hercules, he could not throttle The snake-like forms that twisted there nnd twined. Compressing all into dull dreary cantos, To make the Heruld renders sigh, and pant- ohs ! Shade of Will Shakespeare ! or perhaps Will Knight, Will personate thy form, lliou jieerless Ghost ! liis mortal coil is shadowy and light As bloodless spirit's, though a worthy host ; And barring poetry, a drccnt sprite He'd make, and equal to thine own almost. But Shade of cither SYill arise and take Thine own again for gentle pity's sake. Once more let Thcspis, glorious goddess, rule In this her rightful Empire ; lo ! her throne Usurped by one whom nature made a mule, \- Is abdicated now, and all are gone Who thronged around, and used him as a tool To gratify their morbid love of " ton" — A sickly, fore'd, unnatural wish to play For otic brief hour in gentleman's array. Pardon this brief digression, but onr pen Is sometimes led away by strange caprice, When doomed to write on manners, and on tnen Who scarcely own a grain of sense a piece ; But w illingly we turn to facts again From our imaginings — a glad release— For in whatever garb by Fancy drest, An Ass is but a Donkey at the best. The Farce concluded, to the" board of trade," As" dog to vomit," does the snip return. His clown habiliments aside arc laid, Cross-legg'd lie squats, a bob or two to cam i Broad-eloths and plushes, breeches ready- made. From out their dusty shelves arc nmdc to turn — Whilst clip of shears once more in upper story. Speaks mournfully of " cabbage" aud " past Glory." 