THE APPROACHING SESSION. To the People of England. Fellow Countrymen,— As often as ?parliament assembles for the despatch, as it is called, of business, public expectation is wound up to a high pitch. The country anticipates great improvement in legis lation, and looks forward, with more or less confidence, to the removal of some, at least, of those social evils by which we have long been afflicted as a people. But as the session proceeds hope and confidence -wane together, and parliament ultimately separates without having thoroughly satisfied one single wish of the community. Even our senators, themselves— if, in a majority of instances, it be not a mockery, to call them senators— slink away into -the obscurity of the recess, ashamed and 'humiliated at the despicable figure they have made in the eyes of the world. They are painfully conscious .that the constituencies which returned them have the greatest possible reason to be disatisfied with their proceedings, and apprehend that when time shall once more restore to them the liberty of choice they will, at least; endeavour to elect other repre sentatives. , This cheerless process will continue, however, to. be repeated till some great reforms shall be effected in our constitu tion ; and it can, therefore, require no great sagacity to foretel, from the outset of each succeeding session, that little or nothing will be done to ameliorate the condition of the greater number. Up to this hour we live under an oligarchy with interests diametrically opposed to those of the people ; they cannot, therefore, be honest towards you if they would. They are preserved from the sin of patriotism by a fort of political necessity, which, operating through habit and tradition, forces them upon an anti-popular course. No possible contingency, therefore, can permanently or greatly benefit your con dition so long as. your welfare shall con tinue subordinate, as it is, to that of a iprivileged class. .. . If you entertain any doubt of this, ?study 'the proceedings of parliament dur ing the ensuing session ; convince your selves by sad experience that the govern ment of England is not conducted for the benefit of many, but of the few. I main tain that the whole system of English society is false and* hollow, and that the industrious classes arc perpetually sacri ficed for the benefit of the idle. It is pretended, no doubt, that the privileged orders, if they do not labour with their hands, at least toil with their intellects to promote the .public good. I deny itl Whatever they perform or undertake is for their own good, which is something very different from ours. I say ours, because I desire to be identified in all things with you — to have the same ene mies and the same friends, and to find my reward in your affectionate lemembrance. All my principles, habits, and studies bind me to the people,. and render me es sentially one of them. I have conse quently, and can have, no object in view but to promote your well-being, to miti gate the sufferings of the poor, to strengthen and multiply the rights of industry, to advocate the cause of trade, and to lend at all times my humble aid towards, the diffusion of useful knowledge among you. And my belief is, that no kind of knowledge is so useful as the knowledge of what parliament is doing, or likely to do, when assembled. It would be Wrong, of course, to predict that it will do no thing, because the exigences of the times will not suffer ' it to remain in perfect idleness ; but it may, without, unchari tableness, be taken for granted that it will effect' as little as possible towards improving the state of the humbler classes, because .the thing can only be done by sacrificing some of the privileges of the great. When two people are con tending for any particular advantage, both, it must be manifest, cannot have it. The best thing that can happen is, that they should divide, and share between them the thing for which they strive — not arbitrarily, however, and according to the usual practice of power, but in con formity with the laws of justice and equity, which aim at apportioning each man his due, Now, between the upper .and lower classes in this country there are vast prizes to be contended, lor, prizes which have hitherto continued in the keeping of the oligarchy, who have made the people mere hewers of wood and drawers of water to themselves and the rabble of their dependents. The prizes increase every vear in value, and the contest becomes more eager, because the strength of the combatants daily grows less and leas un equal. It is quite true that all organised force is still in the hands of privilege, and that the popular principle has nothing to depend on but its own wild efforts, made without much foresight or consideration. But there is, after all, a Providence; in the affairs of .this world — a great unseen' power — which takes up the threads of events, unites them imperceptibly, and, in the end, at the very moment when we least expect it, attaches them to the throne of justice, and brings up everything into its proper place. We are, as a political community, the first, unquestionably, in the world, but the machinery at our command \s exceedingly inferior to our position. We have great energies and faculties running to waste, because bur governors have not the art of employing them. Our wealth is bound less, but so badly administered that, in the midst of it, we experience all the evils of poverty. It is piled up here and there in useless masses, corrupting all those in its immediate neighbourhood, and defrauding the multitudes that stand at a distance. Imposture and fraud triumph and flourish at the expense of honesty. Hereditary idiotcy usurps the place of genius V and great and worthy men, by the mere force of circumstances, are compelled to bow the knee to folly and incompetence. If you continue to tolerate this state of things, evil and misery must be your portion. There is no national happiness without justice, and justice signifies nothing but this — that to every member of the community shall be distributed what is due to him ; that is, whatever his intellectual and moral quali ties entitle him to. Be assured, my countrymen, that wherever public affairs are administered on any other principle, the bulk of the nation must be degraded and unhappy, because the wisest and ablest men will be oppressed by the con sciousness that they are made the victims of antiquated prejudices, and, through the madness of those .whom- they desire to serve, men of hereditary mediocrity or imbecility are thrust , before them, or placed over their heads, to intercept every ray of public favour or distinction. If you desire to test the truth of these doctrines, I once more invite you to watch the proceedings of your representatives during the session of Parliament which is about to begin. 1 say nothing for the peers, because, for the most part, they do nothing but meet together to expose the nakedness of their worn- out minds to public derision. No doubt, there are brilliant exceptions in both houses, but they are exceedingly few, more especially in the upper house. In spite of fluency of speech, you meet, in the course of a whole session, with little but stale doc trines, worn-out notions, vapid prejudices, enveloped in language itself smelling strongly of the shroud. Every figure is the ghost of something which has often haunted Parliament before ; and as we lean, in pity or contempt, over the gallery, our ears seem to be assailed by the echoes of a thousand years. ' Between those bloodless shadows and the present genera tion, there is no sympathy. The past is ever uppermost in their minds ; and this must always be the case so long as we continue to draft off into that limbo of vanity the worn-out notabilities of the House of Commons. And in the Commons itself what have we? A few distinguished men lost amid an overwhelming rabble of country gen* tlemen, ignorant of political science, un gifted with one public virtue, grossly sel fish, and malignantly opposed to the popular principle. Their whole claim to public attention lies in their purses, or in the titles which they have inherited from ancestors no wiser or more virtuous than themselves, who earned their ribands by subserviency to the court, and hostility towards the people ; and whose descend ants, in all that is odious and contempti ble, imitate them with marvellous fidelity. That they are able to take upon them selves the name of your representatives would be matter of wonder, were the manner in which elections are conducted any secret ; but everybody knows that in most elections the voters exercise no voice, and that it is the landowners, not the people, who are represented ; among the agricultural classes more especially there exists not even the semblance of freedom. The ignorant churls allow themselves to be driven to the polling booth with as much tameness as their own oxen are driven to a cattle show. They make- no choice, exercise, no election, but record their lying preference in servile obedience to their landlords. Whatever liberty there is resides in the towns, and even there the power, of the aristocracy appears coercing the tradesmen, and all who depend upon them for the means of subsistence. No wonder, then, at the nature of those debates and discussions by which session after session is consumed When the farce opens next week we shall be entertained with endless speeches on destitution in Ireland and the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, but the greatest possible care will be taken not to make the remotest allusion to the causes of that destitution, nor will a single speaker propose the only effectual remedies. Every source of public calamity will be touched on but the right one. There will be a superabundance of sympathy j and Irish orators, with their Brummagem eloquence, will consume time by the ten hours in spreading confusion over a subject which might be thoroughly explained in ten minutes; the history of the whole being this — That, in order to restore pro sperity to the empire, we must get rid of the oligarchy that oppresses it. If we beat about the bush for ever nothing else will come out of it. The whole basis of our social wretchedness is included within those few syllables. We have outlived the oligarchical period of society, and there is no possibility of reconciling the Institutions of a former age with the wants of the present, We must have institutions suited to our own times or consent to endure all the frightful suffer ings which are the inevitable portion of all communities who refuse to act in con formity with the dictates of experience. If any one desire a proof of this, let him consider that the House of Commons will be filled with Protectionists— that is to say, with babbling. dotards — who seriously expect to extinguish the principle of Free Trade recognised last session, and persuade you to be taxed to the amount of twenty millions sterling per annum for the mere pleasure and benefit of the country gentlemen 1 Creatures like these deserve not to be reasoned with, but should be hooted and scoffed at in the street. The very sweeps should shake their brushes at them, as incorrigible knaves, who, when the reality of fraud is gone, cling to the shadow of it, and show themselves ambitious of the disrepute which must always accompany dishonesty. But a stand, they say, is to be made for Protection, so that you will.be condemned, to witness the infamous exhibition of a knot of men who, having been detected as cheats, and had their false cards taken from them,, come openly forward, and swear they will begin the game afresh in the face of the world, and with the self same cards, or with their exact counter feits. Prepare, therefore, for a strange session — a session of re-actions and re verses, a session of dreary declamation, of clamorous cupidity, and affected com miseration. But comfort yourselves with this assurance — that, do what they please, it must be a democratic session, whether they resist or yield. GREVILLE BROOKE. 