UrEitttr i3xtracts. -o THE LATE MR. O'CONNELL. CHURCH CEREMONIES AT ROME. (From the Roman Advertiser.) On Monday, the 1st June, a solemn funeral ser vice was celebrated in the Church of the Irish College, St. Agatha, for the repose of the soul of the late Mr. O'Connell. Over the principal entrance to the church, the following inscription was placed, together with the arms of the family :O Danieli O'Connell Religionis catholicm libertatis adsertori Fortissimojurium patrice vindici Viro fide in Deum, charitate in pauperes Omni virtute Christiana conspicuo Collegii Hibernorum prassides et alumni Adsistenti viro E~minentissimo Jacobo P. Cardinale Fransonio Prot M arentes extincto Hibernim lumine Justa persolvunt. The ancient and venerable church was lit up with torches and candles, and ornamented in an appro. priate manner with black drapery, for the mournful ceremony. In the centre of the nave a rich cata falco was erected, of considerable elevation. In this was placed the heart of the father of . his coun try, which, according to his wish, had been brought to Rome, thus to givea solemn attestation in death of his attachment to the centre of unity, and to the successors of St. Peter, for whom he had, during his eventful career, always maintained the most sin cere veneration. The ceremonies commenced with matins and lauds, which were sung with solemnity by the Irish students, assisted by those of several other colleges. A pontifical high mass for the dead then commenced. in which the celebrant was the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Philadelphia and Vicar Apostolic of Hyderabad. After mass his Eminence Cardinal Fransone, Prefect of the St. Congregation of Pro paganda, robed in his pontificals, and attended by. a deacon, subdeacon, and other ministers, and sur rounded by a numerous clergy, with lighted candles, gave the absolution according to the Roman ritual in the most solemn manner. During the entire morning, masses were incessantly celebrated by clergymen from every country, and a considerable concourse of people attended, among whom were the superiors of the Irish Dominican, Franciscan, and Augustinian cohvents, the rector and students of the English College, several members of the Company of Jesus, students of the Propaganda, &c.;, the Rev. Mr. Newman and his companions, Dan. O'Connell, M.P., and a number of dis tinguished laymen. It is needless to say that an expression of the sincerest sympathy and respect towards the memory and virtues of the illustrious deceased whs visible on the countenances of all. The funeral oration was reaited by the Rev. D. Kirby, who gave a rapid and eloquent sketch of the great deeds of Mr. O'Connell, and described in a most alTecting manner the virtues for which he was distinguished, dilating principally on his attachment to the Catholic faith, which lie always boldly pro fessed in the presence of the world, and nobly defended against its enemies. In the end lie men tioned the edifying circumstances of the great patriot's death, in which the promise of the Holy Ghost was so strikingly fulfilled. " To him who feareth the Lord it shall be well in the latter enda and ire tire day of his death lie shall be blessed." Mas. CAUDoLE IN SPAIN.-The King and Queen of Spain. like the masculine and femine gender in Lindley Murray, never agree in any case. Poor Francisco intends to sate for a separate throne; for it seems that the Queen has turned the sceptre into a cudgel, and makes him feel the weight of her sway. Sire has cut oif his packet-money, and only allows him one cigar a day ; the poor fellow endures it remarkably well for a king, who cannot prevent it, though he often threatens to go homce to his mother. The men-servants of the Escurial look upon him as a martyr ; but we regret to say that the housemaids consider .him no better than "a milksop." It is expected there will soots be two parties in Spain, the " Asses" and the " Isabellas ;" but the former, it is said, will be considerably the larger party. The matrimonial quarrel abated a little when the Queen's respected mother left Madrid, but it has broken out with increased fury since Francisco's mother has taken up her abode in the palace. The two mothers narrowly escaped. meeting, which is recorded as a providential escape for all parties, but especially for Spain, as there is no knowing what might have been the awful consequences if mother-in-law had met mother-in-law, and one of them a Christiisa. There would have been no end of revolutions, and possibly amongst them a real one.-Punch. DzNNEas OF THIS GREAT.-The best dinners are given by Palmerston and Sir Robert Peel ; the more elegant and recherche by Lyndhurst and Brouglh ham; Russell's are good, but plain to a fault; Fox Marrle's capital, being hsighrly refined, atl that tire. epicure could desire, wilts a tendency to bejolly; WVellington's quiet, asrd remarkably few and select in tire guests, tire viands and service reelserche and magssificent. Thre Sovereign's table is ramarkeble for tire snail number of dairhes, and especially of the etrtremeats. Thre scarcity of the latter, it is stated, Is attributable to His Royal Hgirhness Prince Albert, wiro, like thar Majesty, loves plain food end little variety.-Liver~pool Chronicle. LAaoEST DIAsrOND. - Ttre largest diamond1 irithearto found rs in tire possession of tire Rajahs of Mattan, irs thre Island of Borrneo, in whihs Island It was found about 80 yesrs ago,. illis shsajed like an egg, wilts an indented hollow near lisa smelter endt. it ts said to Ira of the finest water. It weighs 307 carets. Now as 1ill carets are equal to I as. Tray, illis obvious that this diamond weighrs 2os. IllO,S7grs. Tray.. Many years ago the Governor of. Batavia tried to purchase lhist diamond. He sent a Mr. Sluvart to the Rajatr, who offered 150,000 dollars, two large war brigs wills thrair guns and ammuni tion, together wrIts a certain number of great guns, .and a qurantity of powder and sisal. Tire Rajah, hsowever, refused to deprive his family of so 'ealuable an hereditary possession, to which tire Malaya attachs the miraculous power of curing all kinds of diseases, by means of tire water in whind il is dipped, and wills wihs Itrey irragine thsat tire fortune of Itre family is connected.-See Dr. Leyden'.e account of Borneo, ins the seventh volume a/tire Transacttonrs of tire Batavlsrr Societp. DreAN SWrPr AND Trra TAsI~oa.-A tailor in Dublin, near tire residence of tire Dean, took it Into rice "nitish part' of Isis tread that he was specialty, e'sd divinely inspired to interpret the Prophoeie and especially the Book of Revelationo. ( uittlng the shop-board, he turned out a.preacher, or rather a prophet, until his customers had left the shop, and his family were likely to famish. His monomania was well known to Dean Swift, who benevolently watched for some opportunity to turn the currentof his thoughts. One night,the tailor, as he fancied, got an especial revelation to go and convert Dean Swift,' and next morning took up the line of march to the Deanery. The Dean, whose study was furnished witis a glass door, saw the tailor approach, and instantly surmised the nature of his errand. Having thrown him self into an attitude of solemnity and thoughtfulnes, with the Bible open before him, and his eyes fixed on the 10th chapter of Revelations, he awaited his ap proach. The door opened, and the tailor announced, in an unearthly voice-" Dean Swift, I am sent by the Almighty to announce to you."-" Come in, my friend," said the Dean, " I am in great trouble, and no doubt the Lord has sent you to help me out of my difficulty." This unexpected welcome inspired the tailor, and strengthened his assurance in his own prophetic character, and disposed him to listen to the disclosure. " My friend," said the Dean." I hays just been reading the 10th chapter of Revelations, and am greatly distressed at a difhiculty I have met with and you are the very man to help me out. This is an account of an angel that came down from heaven, who was so large that lie placed one foot on the sea, and the other on the earth, and lifted up his hands to heaven. Now, my knowledge of the mathematics," continued the Dean. " has enabled me to calculate exactly the size and form of the angel; but I am in a great difficulty, for I wish to know how, much cloth it will take to make him a pair of breeches; and as that is exactly in your line of business, I have no doubt the Lord has sent you to show me." This expostulation came like an elec tric shock to the poor tailor. He rushed from the. house, ran to his shop, and a sudden revulsion of thought and feeling came over him. Making breeches was exactly in his line of business. He returned to his occupation, thoroughly cured of hie prophetical revelation by the wit of the Dean. " CcNTusIAcIOus PROCaEDINo.-Mr. William Ox bourn, of ilucknall Torkard, hosier, some time ago made an efligy. and placed it in his garden to frighten the birds. A few days since, one of the family went into the garden, and, on examining the scarecrayv found in one of the pockets a bird's nest, ready for the reception of eggs.-Sunday Times. 