LAUNCESTON EXAMINER, Wednesday, January 27, 1847. POETICAL FRAGMENTS, BY A. C. STO- NOR, OF LINCOLN'S INN, BARRISTER- AT-LAW. 124 p. p. - PRATT, PRINTER, HOBART Town. THOSE who nurse the fortunes of an infant community should deal tenderly with aspi- rants to literary fame. They are bound to estimate rather as parents than as critics to treat attempts at excellence with a libe- rality of praise, which in a land of mental opulence may be proper only to those who have excelled. The tendency of colonial life to chain the thoughts and interests of men to material pursuits and sensual plea- sures, or to confine the sympathies to professional or sectarian objects, requires a powerful counteraction. The intellect of a young community is sharp but stunted : it moves rapidly but seldom soars: its vision, though clear, is limited. The com- petition and bustle of all classes throw an air of absurdity and romance on everything abstract and sentimental, and those who offer the embellishments of mind may be rated with those who anciently "cast pearls" before a body not remarkable for nice discrimination. The utmost partiality will not enable us to hope that colonial authors can early rank among the literati of Britain. Had they the intellectual resources and talent of older societies, the expense of publication would be an impassable obstacle in their path. The number of readers is too small to en- sure a sale for the most useful and entertain- ing volumes,-to secure their author from pecuniary loss,-without condescending to solicitations they are apt to disdain. It may be asked why encourage inferior and high priced works, when the British press teems with an infinite variety on every topic? Certainly, if the province of mind is to be delivered over to the maxims of economists, the answer may be difficult. But there are pleasures not included in bills of lading. It is useless to tell a parent that the embroidery and wool work of his daughters, or the paintings of his sons, could be substituted at a fraction of their school account. If given to vindicate what he prefers he will imagine a future utility to compensate the present cost. But the fact undoubtedly is that he finds a charm in these specimens of industry which the productions of a most skilful artist could not afford. Thus local talent may have its attractions. A colony is assuredly acquiring the consistency of an established state when a writer can find patrons in his neighbours -when they cheer his efforts to naturalise the Muses, and to transplant the flowers of poesy to regions adopted as their home. Example is powerful according as it is immediate, and its stimulus often provokes a useful emulation. The efforts of an infe- rior mind call forth the latent powers of a stronger, and bring to the service of society qualities which had otherwise lain dormant. The history of mind is full of such instances. The first writers of every age have traced the kindling of their intellectual ambition to a story, a legend, or a song, long since left to oblivion.-" To what use ?" is a query which cold matter-of-fact censors are prone to suggest ; but it is one which would have crushed the energies of half the intellect in the world. We see no reason why a colony should neglect the encouragement of literary la- bours. There are many themes which might employ colonial pens, and which are neglected at home. We have a natural history ; a political economy peculiarly our own. Works of imagination, whether in poetry or prose, might be raised on the stirring reminiscences of a colonial life, and derive an interest from pursuits and sentiments with which we especially are familiar. A hundred subscribers might offer an annual prize for the most valuable productions. That much paper would be wasted may be true, but amidst the worth- less mass something might be discovered that "the world would not willingly let die." It is time, however, that we should notice the little volume of poetry which Mr. Stonor has offered to public criticism. He would be under no obligation for unmeasured eulogy; but a work modestly introduced must be treated with kindness; and we are disposed to estimate its worth as an indication of talents, which, if employed on a better theme might command more unqualified praise. The principal part of the publication is a translation of a portion of LUCAN'S PHARSALIA. There is a defici- ency of interest in the subject for which great powers could hardly compensate. The description of ancient civil wars, in which fierce sentiments and terrible images pre- ponderate, is not much calculated to hold the attention of common readers. As a translation it of course abounds in names of places and persons, which neither appeal to the memory nor the imagination. To men of fair education line after line will convey no idea, nor would a classical scholar task his recollection to keep pace with the series of nominatives on which no great events fasten. The author must suffer neglect who offers what few can appreciate. The versification is extremely unequal in inerit. Some passages might be compared with our best translations ; but too often the fatigue of the poet is shared by the reader. The unlicensed collocation of words confuses the understanding, and the sense is realised with difficulty. These defects are the more to be censured because the author has shown they were not inevitable. A sprawling verse, through which the mean ing lingers, is bad enough, but better than hopeless obscurity. Take the following, p. 68: Thus life, survivor of departed Sway, And age, the strength of lofty minds decay; Unless when fortune fails, and hope lies low, A speedy death prevent the coming Woe, The keenest torture of Affliction this- The thought in misery of vanished bliss. Let man his death secure, then fearless try The hopes and perils of prosperity ! We have read this passage several times over, but have attained only such a glimpse of its meaning as a traveller catches of a ghost by moonlight. We have occasionally a marvellous com- bination. The following could have been devised by none but a fated genius of St. Patrick's Isle : When the far West, which shoreless oceans bound. (!) Our readers may claim so much in de- ference to truth: but they will find the rhymes commonly correct, the numbers usually, not always uniform, and the language not wanting in force or me- lody. The following, if not the best poetical passage, is among the most interesting to the reader. It is a description of the last hours of the hero, and may be received as a specimen : Now furled were Pompey's sails. His eager oars Already hurried to the fated shores. When in their little skiff the murderer's crew Towards the vessel of the leader drew ; They lure their victim from his ship's tall side To trust their pinnace o'er the shoaling tide ; Affect the greeting of allies to bring From their false nation and accursed king, And tell how ebbing tides and dangerous sands Deny to larger ships their faithless strands. O had not Fate immutable decreed That Rome must perish, and her chieftain bleed; Had not the destiny of ages led To wilful ruin his devoted head; His crew, his comrades, and himself had known Each fatal presage of the crime foreshown. For had fell Egypt feigned not to betray, If free her palace to its Giver lay, Then would the Pharian king, with all his fleet, Have rushed the advent of their chief to meet. But Pompey's rushing Fate no more might stay, And dragged the victim to the doom away. In vain Cornelia would her lord have joined, E'en thro' her fear, more loth to stay behind. " My wife, my child," (he cries) " awhile await, And view from safety, and from far my fate. Let Pompey's fate declare, Iris peril try This fickle nation's truth or treachery." But deaf to all his prayers Cornelia stands And wrings in agony her upraised hands - Now touched the fated cheif his latest hour, - He stood in Egypt's bark, and Egypt's Power. The fell performers of a stripling's will Now bare the knife and raise the arm to kill; The hero meets his death with fearless eye, Collects his mantle and prepares to die; His eyes he closeth, and his breath restrains Lest in his latest hour, and parting pains, The voice of Anguish or Entreaty shame A life of glory, and a deathless name ! While fell Achillas with a murderous hand Drove thro' the hero's side his ruthless brand. No sound the wound confessed, nor grasp nor sigh Bespoke the pang of human agony, Collected in his pride, unmoved, sublime, He braves the murderer and disdains the crime, But not so calmly his Cornelia viewed As bore her murdered spouse the deed of blood, And thus in wild and agonizing cries The maddening transports of her grief arise :- " Mine, mine the guilt. Thro' me my Pompey dies, 'Twas I who lured thee to the Lesbian strand, And suffered Caesar first to gain this land, For sure 'tis his, and his alone the blow Which lays the ruler of the nations low. I hurry to my lord. Who dares to stay My changless purport, or my desperate way ? Husband and lord, before thy breath hath flown, Must I the bitterness of slavery own ? I seek for death in vain, and live to know The bonds and insults of a conq'ring foe." Nor more her anguish could her form sustain, She faints supported by the friendly train, While fled their vessel from the fatal main. " The Horse" is a spirited description of the noble animal, and by many will be read with more gratification than whole books of Pharsalia. The motto of the volume will explain the object of the author in joining the circle of the Muses-" Solli cite jucunda oblivia vitwc." Notwith standing our respect for the gown, we trust that leisure, rather than relaxation may increase the legal votaries of the Nine ; for when they shall doff their wigs and wear the bays, the golden age will return. 