REVIEWS. (From the Tablet.) Clerical Celibacy and the Confessional. A Letter to J. Burn Murdoch, Esq. By the Rev. P. Maclachlan. Edinburgh: Marshall. 1847. The gentleman to whom this powerful letter is addressed published some time ago a book entitled " Notes and Remarks made it Jersey, France, Italy, and the Mediterranean in 1843-4." It possessed the rare quality in the writings of a Protestant tourist, of charity towards the Catholic Church, and, except in one instance, an equally rare impartiality. The exception was the way in which Mr. Murdoch spoke of Clerical Celibacy, and it is on that point that the Rev. Mr. Maclachlan kindly and clearly sets him right in this pamphlet. It reaches us at too late an hour for us to go into its arguments, but the following personal comparisons are sufficient to give the reader " a taste of its quality":- " Catholicism has appointed for its Levites certain prayer (the canonical office), which they must daily recite. Nothing but sheer necessity can exempt them from this duty. To the great majority of them it is a pleasing duty-a refreshing exercise, which is never neglected ; and all the while they are happy in the idea that the unceasing prayer of the just is of much avail. Could they thus, as married men, sing in their hearts to God-thus piously recite psalm after psalm amid the prattling of babes, and the nursery rhymes of mothers and of maids? No, indeed: Gospel ministers, as they style themselves, who have taken wives, who have children and require nurses, alas ! they have no stated form of, or time for prayer; they treat with contempt our canonical office. They pray or not as they like ; and the time they give to this exercise, to which the Apostles devoted nearly all theirs, will depend on the temper and tastes of their wives and children. " From study and from prayer, the Catholic Priest will sally forth to visit the sick and the dying. On this occasion at least, you will, Sir, I hope, allow him to dispense with those domestic comforts of which you speak. Let the disease be what it may- black, yellow, white, or malignant fever, cholera or plague, the Priest deems it his duty to visit his dying parishioners, and administer to them the consolations of religion. In doing this he may incur bodily peril, but he cannot neglect doing it without endangering his soul. When, some 14 years ago, the cholera was raging in Dublin, Dr. Whately, the Protestant archbishop of that city, kindly and considerately informed his clergy, by letter, that they were not obliged in the sight of God or men to visit the cholera patients ; they might catch the disease, thought his Grace; they might die. His Lordship forgot that it is the property of a good shepherd to lay down his life for his flock. He recollected, however, that the Protestant shepherds of his flock were married men, and that they should live for their wives and families.- Not so the Catholle Archbishop of Paris; for, when the cholera reached the capital of his country, he, noble in blood, and more noble still by his devotion to the public weal, surrounded by the choicest of his clergy, ministered to the dying Parisians, with his own hand, at every corner of his vast metropolis. So acted, at an earlier period, a sainted Bishop of Marseiles; and so acted too, in times still more remote, the great Saint Charles Borromeo of Milan. Ah, but the Bishop of Marseilles, the Archbishops of Paris and of Milan, were unmarried men; they set little store on those dear domestic comforts-wives and children ;- but, they felt exceedingly anxious to comfort in their dying hour, the least of those spiritual children, entrusted to their care. - What will the future historian say when, relating the calamities of our times, he will contrast the conduct of the unmarried priests, and prelates of the Catholic Church with that of the various ministers of "all religious denominations," as modern phrase will have it ? Which of the two, De Quelen of Paris, or Whately of Dublin, will be longest remembered by a grateful posterity? or what is more important, to which of the two will Christ say at the last day, " I was sick and you visited me ?' " We must also find room for a note on the text that Bishops should be the husband of ONE wife :- " Protestants often quote this text as a proof that Saint Paul wished the Bishops to be married men. The Apostle meant that none should be raised to the episcopacy who had been more than once married -who had had more than one wife. So the Church has ever understood this passage, and in unison with it has her discipline ever been with regard to the episcopal order. Pope Siricius, in his letter to the African Bishops, explains those celebrated words in the sense which, in common with the whole Church, I attach to them. ' Forte creditur (licere Episcopum uxorem ducere) quia scriptum est, unius uxoris virum. Non permaneti in concupiscentia generandi dixit sed propter continentiam futuram." Others I am aware, who belong to the more lax school of Protestant casuistry, are of opinion that Bishops should be allowed one wife, and other men as many wives as they like. Luckily for society, this doctrine has never been much in fashion. Luther, indeed, and a band of his chosen followers, once permitted a German prince to enjoy two wives at a time; but few divines, as far as I can learn, have ever before or after the great Reformer's (?) time been so indulgent to themselves or others." We recommend this letter and its arguments to the Protestant who doubts as Mr. Murdoch doubted. \---------------------------------------------------------- A Whim and its Consequences. In three vols. London: Smith and Elder, 1847. We have been favoured with an early copy of this yet unpublished novel, which we welcome as a proof that the right spirit of tale telling is not dead among us. This is no tale of the boudoir with its sickly sentimentality and fashionable slip-slop of medley conversations in a piebald jargon. The author is content to write for his countrymen in their common language with all its difficulty, and he is at no loss to find equivalent expressions for all the ideas which his narrative suggests. There are no exaggerations of vice or virtue, -no angels nor devils in the work, but men and women such as the world continually presents to the observant eye, altered only according to the outward trimming of the time. This is a tale of our day, and the minds as well as the persons of the characters wear its costume. There is no labouring after character; neither Jew nor Gipsey is the hero or the heroine; nor do the ethics of the highwayman afford the standard of its morals. I here are no mysterious passages secretly wound up, notwithstanding the temptations offered by a ruin and a rapid as materials, a mock ghost and a supposed gypsey among the personce. Crime there is, but it is not excused or apologised for. Impetuous passion and the selfishness which the pursuits of the present day work up into madness are the causes of crime, its consequences fall upon the innocent. The hero of the story is the younger son of a baronet of harsh manners and dissolute life, who leaves his fortune to his eldest son, with certain exceptions. The younger is made dependent on his brother. This he scorns, and by way of whim, suiting his ambition to his circumstances, or with a wish to regard men and society from a point of view much beneath that from which he has hitherto looked upon the world, accepts the office of gardener in a gentleman's family, whose elegant and fashionable villa residence and all its appurtenances contrasts finely with the grandeur and green decay of the old abbey and domain of the baronet. Of course he is already in love with one of the daughters of his employer and she is by no means insensible of his merits, having met him in the gay world and anticipated the romance of his circumstances by a slight but crescent affection. The gardener's elder brother, the baronet, loves the elder sister of the heroine, and the brothers are brought together very painfully ; first, at the funeral of their father, when the turbulent passion of the elder born breaks out, and the younger brother with difficulty curbs his own impetuous temper so as to avoid a scandal. Their second meeting makes the younger brother witness to a murder committed by the elder, and circumstances involve him, the gardener, in suspicion. A long trial closes the second volume, and notwithstanding a portrait of Sir W. Follett, very nicely sketched, a splendid imitation of his forensic oratory, rendered fervent by friendship, and a variety of interesting incidents, the temper of the reader is tried too. There is too much of the court house, and it is, perhaps, too real. A specimen of the author's manner of working up remark with narrative may be found in his "OPENING OF TIIE ASSIZES. 'The assizes were opened at the town of S- with all due solemnity. There were sheriffs and magistrates, and town council, and javelin-men, all on. the move. The day of that most disgraceful of exhibitions, an assize ball, was fixed, and the grand jury was sworn and charged. Did a grand jury perform its functions propqrly, or even know all its attributes as they were formerly exercised, and still exist, it would be one of the most useful institutions in the monarchy ; but, alas ! its just attributes are nearly forgotten, its functions are falling into desuetude, and it confines its operations, almost always, to returning as true those bills presented to it which have even a shadow of probability on their side; or, instead of denouncing real and serious evils, to the presentment of waggons overthrown and suffocating court-houses. "The lawyers were seen flitting about the streets; the usual morning consultations and evening revels took place; witnesses and jurymen crowded the inns; an enormous quantity of bad port, bad sherry, and worse madeira, was consumed; and solicitors merited well the simile applied by sailors to personages who are peculiarly busy. " The calendar was very heavy. Nine very hard-fisted farmers had their ricks burnt; a manufacturer who indulged in truck, and was notorious for reductions on Saturday, had been awoke in the night by the blowing up of one of his factories; there had been a riot in one of the workhouses where the poor were starved according to law, on the pretence of feeding them, and punished for complaining. The magistrates, wisely or unwisely, had sent the case to the sessions; and it was flanked by those of a man who had died from the neglect of a relieving officer, and a woman who had drowned her child from the insanity of destitution. There were several affrays with poachers, in which blood had been shed ; and that of two gentlemen, who had first horsewhipped and then shot at each other, to the extinction of one life, and the risk of both. In short, it was an edifying display of the results of civilisation up to the period at which we have, now arrived, and of the peculiarly polished state of England, and its respect for social order. I say nothing of the brotherly love, the Christian charity, and the enlightened benevolence which oozed out through the pores of the calendar. Verily it was fitted to raise us high in the eyes of Europe. " It is marvellous with what celerity the grand jury returned true bills against tIhe whole of the accused. Did I say against the whole? It was a mistake. Out of a hundred and thirty-four cases, they threw out one, just to keep up the privilege of rejection. It was the case of a small proprietor who had knocked down in the presence of three or four men, a rascally labourer, who would insist upon passing along a path which had been used by his ancestors for five generations. They threw it out, however, and the path was closed thenceforth to all men for ever and aye." Our next extract shall keep us among the lawyers. A REFRESHER. " It was with no very pleasant feelings, it must be confessed, that Chandos Winslow found himself tete-a-tete with a man who had moved heaven and earth to hang him, not more than four or five hours before. - But whatever notion he had previously formed of the worthy sergeant's demeanour in private life, from the part he had borne in the trial, it was very speedily dissipated after he entered unwigged and ungowned. The sergeant shook him by the hand, congratulated him with a very joyous laugh, upon the result of the trial, and talked of the whole affair in which a fellow creature's life had been at stake, as if it had been a mere game of cards, where Sir - had held most trumps, and won the rubber.- Never was there a more jovial companion; and when they sat down to dinner, after several other barristers had arrived, the serjeant laughed and talked, and cracked his jokes, and drank his champagne, till one of the uninitiated might have thought a consultation with him, after the meal, an expedient somewhat dangerous. The conversation during dinner principally turned upon snipe-shooting. There was very little law; and the "feast of reason and the flow of soul." did not affend the banquet the lawyers, seemed most to delight in. Habit is very strong in its power over the body ; but, I think even stronger with the mind. The-most vehement rivalries, the most mournful ceremonies, the most tragic scenes, aye even the most fatal events lose their great interest, when they become habitual. The statesman, the undertaker, the physician, the soldier can bear testimony to it, as they feast after the fierce debate, the solemn funeral, the painful death bed, or the battle field. Nothing on earth makes twice the same impression. How those lawyers laughed and talked, though two trials had taken place since that of Chandos Winslow, had terminated, and a woman had been condemned to death, a man had been sent to expiate one half of a criminal life by labouring during the rest in chains, and exile ! " Chandos felt benumbed by the heavy weight of the past, and not cheered by the light emptiness of the present ; so that he was glad when dinner was over, and coffee drunk. The men of law betook themselves to earnest consultations, re- invigorated by the temporary repose ; for in reality and truth, during that seeming revel, the giant minds had but been sleeping. It was rest that they took ; and happy are they who are enabled to cast off the burden of heavy thought, the moment it is no longer necessary to bear it." Our limited space prevents more copious quotation, but we commend the work to the reader as a whole. \---------------------------------------------------------- A Curious- Correspondence Between The Bishop of Exeter And Mr. W. Denis MOORE, Mayor of Exeter, relative to a public ball announced to take place in aid of the distressed Irish and Scotch, is published in the Exeter Gazette. The bishop wrote to the Mayor on the 24th March, expressing his " very strong opinion on the painful incongruity of such a mode of testifying sympathy for famishing millions ;" and stating that he had animadverted on the contemplated enormity in a sermon which he had that day preached. Mr. Moore replied by avowing his " regret and surprise," &c.-;" Though humbly sensible of the great superiority of your lordship's judgment, I am unable to discover any sound objection to such a mode of disposing of the surplus receipts arising from a harmless amusement. I am very far from thinking that the end; however good, can sanctify objectionable means; but when the means are blameless in themselves, I am at a loss to comprehend how their character should be changed by an ulterior benevolent purpose.... The promotion of the intended ball is a course directly sanctioned by the personal example of her Most Gracious Majesty." The bishop published his sermon at the charge of one shilling. To the title-page he appended a foot note, stating that the " proceeds" of the sale were to be given to the relief purposes for which the proceeds of the ball were destined ; and hinting that those charitably disposed could give as much as they liked beyond the shilling. On the sermon and note Mr. Moore founds a long letter to the bishop, written in exceedingly respectful but very direct language. He asks-" Was it necessary that your lordship should stigmatise with such terms as 'selfishness,'' degrading,' ' low,' ' miserable frivolity,' ' mockery,' and ' dissipation,' the feelings of those who in a different sphere have come forward to devote their talents to the like purpose ?" Then comes a home thrust. "What was the shield which in 1841 sheltered your lordship's name from the like aspersion, when it stood high among ' full half the aristocracy of Devon,' not unaccompanied by others of clerical and even episcopal dignity, in the list of stewards of a festival, in which the ceremonies of the day, consisting of a procession, a sermon, and a tavern-dinner, were terminated by a public ball? I may be permitted to ask, were these in themselves " innocent festivities;' and did they become evidences of 'dogged, wilful, systematic resistance of everything like denial of self,' when devoted to the ulterior purpose of increasing the funds of the Devon and Exeter Hospital. * * * The Pope, The Plenipotentiary, And The Railway Whistle.-(From the London correspondent of the Shefield Times.)-" The second rumour is, that Ministers have at length resolved to receive the Nuncio of Pius IX. at the Court of St. James's, and to despatch an English nobleman, to be our representative at the Vatican. the said nobleman, however, not to be a Roman Catholic. It is now surmised that the article in the Times of the other day, enforcing the adoption of this measure, was the result of a foregone conclusion that it had already been adopted, and it is believed that its adoption is as much a source of annoyance to Sir Robert Peel as the Penny Postage was, he having marked it down as one of the first of his intended future reforms. People do say that he had the whole thing cut and dried, at the time of the last Maynooth discussion, and that he would have put it in force but for the earnest remonstrance of Gladstone, the then Colonial Secretary, whose evangelical leanings led him to apprehend a terrible religious outcry, whereas the whole affair would have been forgotten a week after its promulgation. It is thought that nothing will be definitively arranged till the assembling of the new Parliament, when it will form a prominent topic in the Queen's speech for 1848. You would be puzzled, to trace all this to railways. But such is the fact; for when Waghorn and Austin, the engineer, solicited his Holiness to facilitate the, transit of the overland mail through the Papal States by means of railways, Pius IX. replied that he would be most happy to co-operate with England in any such undertaking, but would only enter into negociations with the Home Government on the subjects. Waghorn accordingly brought the Pontiff's. despatches to Downing-street. A correspondence ensued, and the upshot is a formal proclamation of amity and concord between the respective heads of the Churches of Rome and England. The lyre of Orpheus, that drew tears from bears,. and taught trees to dance with emotion, was nothing to the whistle of the locomotive, at whose mere anticipated shriek the demon of three hundred years of animosity and recrimination, take its flight, and leaves only the fanatics and hypocrites howling." \------------------------------------------------------ Origin Of The Pickwick Papers.- It is not, we believe, generally known that the " Pickwick Papers" originated with the artist, poor Seymour, who, having executed seven or eight etchings, sought a purchaser for them, and sent forth his wife for the purpose of finding one. She entered, by chance, the shop of Chapman and Hall, and submitted the designs, which were at once accepted; subsequently application was then made to Mr. Charles Dickens to accompany them with letter-press, and immortal Pickwick was the result. The first eight illustrations to this book only are by Mr. Seymour. Some two or three months after the first number appeared, and when the author was carrying all before him, the artist rose early one morning, walked into the garden, and hung himself. Such are the' " ups and downs" of life. Name and fortune to the one ; suicide to the other and penury to his wife and children. Poor Seymour ! at the very moment when he was about to reap the harvest he had been sowing for years of anxious and almost incredible labour, his mind gave way, and he quitted existence, leaving behind him only the reputation of a clever caricaturist, which, had he lived, prosperity would have changed to that of a high moral teacher by art. We have been told, and believe it, that he produced no fewer than ten thousand etchings and drawings on wood; yet his name is now almost forgotten, and, if reference be made to the commencing prints in " Pickwick," it is, with the mass of its readers, only to wonder who this Mr. Seymour was, and what become of him. He left a widow and two children to struggle with poverty-a terrible struggle it has been-although the Artists Benevolent Fund liberally came to their relief.-Art Union Journal. * * * Good Pay.-In Aberdeen the streets are swept every day at an annual cost of £1,400, and the refuse brings in £2,000 a year. In Perth the scavenging costs £1,300 per annum, and the manure sells for £1730. Here, then, is a gain of sterling gold - a premium for saving immortal life. * * * The Pope And The Press.- (From the Guardian.) - The Pope has ruined his character with our liberal contemporaries by laying some pretty stringent restrictions on the liberty of the press. Had he, like Gargantua, swallowed six editors in a salad, our confraternity could hardly have uttered a more piercing outcry. Truth to say, the creation, of a censorship is not quite of a piece with other features of the new regime the railroads, the gaslights, the customs reform, the law and police reform, and the undiscriminating urbanity which flings open the doors of the Quirinal to a bustling Radical clergyman from Paris one day, a sturdy Manchester Protestant another, and a turbaned Turk the next. But the author of the Encyclical Letter has another character to sustain. Pius IX is only enforcing at home as magistrate the principles he took the earliest opportunity of enunciating as Bishop. Moreover, we must remember that he has undertaken a task, if we judge him rightly, which requires careful handling. The stuff he works with is flimsy and inflammable ; and foreign potentates, whose hostility, if awakened, would cripple his spiritual influence, are ready to pick a quarrel with him at the sight of the first spark. An able and well-regulated press would do him good service; if he cannot get that, he may fairly wish his actions to speak for themselves. * * * A Speculation In The Potato Trade. -Certain London merchants have entered into the following speculation or arrangement with several farmers in Perthshire, namely, the merchant furnishes the seed, and the farmer the ground, manure, labour, &c.; the crop, if any, to be equally divided between both when ripened.- Fifeshire Advertiser, April 14. * * * HAYTI.-The new constitution is partly monarchical and partly republican-it was probably the work of France. The President is elected for life; the legislature for nine years ; the Catholic religion is the religion of the country ; and no white man to become a citizen, hold office, or own real estate. - New York Sun. The King of Bavaria has declared Nuremberg a free port. \--------------------------------------------------------- 