IRISH DISTRESS AND ENGLISH DESTITUTION. When £ompey, during a scarcity at Rome was sent tn Africa and Sicily to procure a supply of wheat, he jucceeded in obtaining great quantities ; but when be was jabout to commence his home voyage, a tempest arose, and the pilots were loaih to hoist sail.. Upon this, he himself was the first to gn on bbard. He commanded them to weigh II anchor,sayibg, DlllillVIJ.BJI-J, " There is -- a — neces- ,j,y ,|IBl I thould Ml, but not lhat I should live" Thi« maiinanimoos sentiment has been highly, and perhaps justly, applauded; although there is room lo doubt whether a shoa delay, which would have emured the precious freight, would not have toem moire wise than a precipitaocy which risked his loss. Yet, then was a necessity; and where' that exists, soma of the judgment we otdinarily eaercise will be suspended —will be placed in al- eyance; some portion, we say, not all. Necessiiy isa hart) taskmaster; but it must not make its alaves'roed, or enforce ihem to set as though they were so. When the wrecked mariner is about to throw himself into the sea, it is conceiveable that he may not jump towards Ihe shore. His disnaclion forbids the operation of 1 thought. But if a n»n 0 V"P himself on a sudden, and prepare to swim to the assistance of the other, tolerably well assured thai before he could reach him, lie himself would be tooenhausted to efford any a«n'i:ance, we should pronounce him a madman. We are not quite cerium that (lie mea«ures, in (heir totality, which «e are about to adopt for the relief of Ireland, are calculated to remind as of the proceedings o< Pompey during the Roman scarciiy. Jle sailed at once and got his supply, a..d wajpuiou«,beyocdhi. own.life, to have it distributed amongit hi« coun-1 IrymPn.'' ^Ve would not have i( when we might, bin bristled Bg-iinst it with our 4s duty. But let ihmfiss«. One ihinj is certain. The example of Pompey i« rifVinc all, with cavil or question, for his compatriots, has noi been lost upon us Wp ran du the maiinuiiiinous a« well as be, aye. «» readily as the " uoblffl Roman of theni nil. Onoemore it has be#n discovered—and the discovery has been bailed as if it had never befo'e been made—that England is the greatest, the most generous, and the most munificent naiion on the face of ihe eartb. Some of our own journalists (DO matter for that, the truth ought to be told) are mightily busy in reminding us what Rreat things we have done aforetime—the fZOfiOOflOO lor 4he emancipation of (he slaves, and what not. They, tell <is that what we are about to do tor Ireland will be regardedby posterity with aplifted bands aud eyes—that BO couniry ever did, or are prepared to do, ihe like: ihstitis'thespectacle of a greal notion, Sir., doing, fcc, and all manner of such fine writing. They proclaim that It is impassible but that the Celt must love and revere the Saxon alter this—that the vexed ghost of Tyrone must now be appeased—that statutes will be raised to Oliver Cromwell. All (his is very pleasing to the imagination. The spectacle of a ,great nation extending a baud to her poorer sister, is something which has such an effect upon the heart and (he feelings that is almost impossible to resist it. What is most prominent to the mind, is h wealthy country supplying die wants, and relieving the embarrastments of a poor one; nod this picture is so prominent, and so engages the -attention that measures are passed amid loud and enthusiastic cheering—and money is voted away 1 Money is vottd away—but to what amount, and for what purpose ? Not a doit of thBt money but must he replaced in the Exchequer- A wealthy country. It may be that we are so—but it is not the wealth, but the poverty of England that will d have to replace that money. All that goes hence to Ireland we shall have to make good. Do we complain that we are called upon to assist Ireland! Do we murmur that hc-cause a dreadful calamity has overtaken (hat afflicted country, we are asked to do everything that we can (o tusiain her f God forbid that we shodd do to, or that we should coi cheerfully make the heaviest needful sacrifi es in her behalf. But what we complaio ol is, that the prevailing Parliamentary spirit of the time should bs of a character heat expressed in the words ol old Lear—" Oh, argue not the need,"—that members and men ont of door» should exclaim—" You see, the Irish »re statvibg by hundreds This is no time for deliberation. Aid and assist the ministers. We are a great, and a glorious, and a generous naiion. Do not inquire as to the he?t means, but do something at once. Argue ncl the need—but give without grumbling. It's all right depend upon it." We confess, we have no such dependence, and are not so much disposed to give with such facility, and for very weighty reasons, one of which will for ihe present suffice. We ourselves are in great distiess. Let us concede at one* that our distwss —great as it .is—being noi so great as that of Ireland, supplies no sufficient reason why we should noi do all in our power towards Ihe relief of our starving brethren—but it is thebest reason in the world why we should rtfuse one penny which will net, now or hereafter, g» towards their relief. Reports of frightful distress in our own country present themselves daily. We will not dwell upon tbe want end privation in the metropolis ; because, here, if any where, relief may be expected to meet every extraordinary emergency, bui let us take almost at rauilom a few instances that have appeared in the newspapers within the last few days. In Liverpool weeretold— " The average number of applicants for. relief, chieBy Irish, amounts (o 21,(iyj per duy; and tlie Rer, Augustus Campbell, tbe rearor, and chairman of the eelect reatrr, states, in a letter to Sir George Grey, (bat on January 23. (here were 25,866 sucb applicants, making an aggregate of in tbe n-eek. -vee*. Of the ».e hardships inflicted upon English ,18raB?,pB ,un...«u I " f " rsiQ.nttyers, some notion mey be formed from the feet communicated to Lord' Brought, that one geoOei&RQ; alone pays £900 a year in poor*rateB, although «t present J bey are no more ibvQ 2fi 3d in the pound. The of out-door relief eioce i be corresponding penod of lusl year la £408, of which £378, or 19-20iLb of tbe whole, is for Irish poor," At Nottingham— ' The working- claases i ) suffering much priration. The UnSoii workhouse, originally built to accommodate on© thousend individuals, no* num. bers ritbin its *a!la, 1,01* ionls. Out-door relief | is gi*en 3,14b persons, but there is besides these a j *erf numerous cJaea of honest, industrious, and ( well'deserffing-perfiotis, whose anxiety to keep from t the parish renders tbetn subject to great deprivation aod onA misery. micAMT. Tbe Thn lUdford PadfArtl workhouse enrl'llAURP contains nnnlainB 109 IflO persons, nod tbe guardtaua are obliged to ofier tbe house to a great number of applicants for reliet, »s it is found impossible to raise money io tbe parish (o pay the out- poor on tbe aca'e hitherto adopted. At tbe Isst meeting • call of twenty per cent vras made for tbe relief of tbe poor. At Hssford there are 221 in (be work-bouse, and Sfiii persons receiving out-door relief." Let ns now give an extract from the lette r lo Ihe Times, written by a Dorsetshire rector. H e says— I am aorraaoded by a number of poor parish" ioners, wboee sufferings and privations are always great, but tbis season ore drsadfully sorere. A good idea may ba formed of tbeir naoeaities when I tsll you that we are paying about 9s in tbe pound as poor rates, end that we hare, morenver, found it ebso. lutely necessary to raise a fund for the purchase and sale of provisions to the poor at very reduced prices. About applicants are content, every week, two or tbree hours in order to obtain. In" purchase, a small share of these provisions for tbenset?es sad families; end otbera are so poor that they cannot possibly find money to proonre them. In my visit to tbe surrounding cottages 1 bave been distreased (o Had bow faat tbe wretchedness of the inhabitants has been advancing, ia consequence of the rumau a system of pawoing lo which they are driven toy tbeir .orgent necessities. Body garments, bedolstbing, even wedding-rings, bave followed in ead succession, the little stock of furniture wbich in better limes our cottagers possessed. These have all found a ready welcome at tbe pawnbrokers—a place, even under tbe best circumstances, combined witb erervthiag that is saddening and depressing. Rot in these times of urgent distress, I find that it has become ihe practice for pawnbrokers tn depart from the prescribed Ifegal mode of doing business, and to take advantage of the poor man's bour of sorrow." Tbe mode of doing this is described, and the form of a duplicate is given, from which it ap- pears— " That under tbe prfetence of a purchase, e triple rate of interest is charged ; and tbe underatending is, that if not redeemed witbin a month, or a second month's interest paid, the article is forfeited." Were it necessity, we could encumber out columns with similar statements; but the above will be mfficicnt to show that we are in no present position to do the magnanimous, for the chance of standing well with posterity. II we quote the saying, 1 Charily begins at borne,' it 1s noi for the insidious purpose of insinuating that Ireland, although a channel rolls between, and we still continue to »»y, ' Great Britan and Ireland," is not entitled to eqthil.relief with the rest of (He kingdom. But what would be thought, if pains were taken to prove a famine in Yorkshire, and theentire current of our active sympathies were to flow towards thai country, while famine was racing in Lancashire also t Let us recollect lhat England will have to pav every lanhingthat is raised lor tbe relief of the Irish people. Be il so. • Worse than the worst, content.' Whatever beful, let the alarming Irish be relieved. Bui this iscerttmly not the lime wbeti million* should be paid down for the benefit of Irish landlords. It is all very well to say that the Irish peasanlty cannot be effectually or permanently relieved, save through these gentry; but they must be made to do tbeit duty—their duty which their best friends caonot conceal they have most grossly neglected. We are constantly told ol (he capabilities of Ireland. Il i« even lietng said that , her iier sons »U„»»re „„ at „, least equal to the Saxon; and yet ihe Irish landlords who best know their own countrymen—who ought to know best how their social condition is to be ameliorated—who, in feet do best know il,—will not put iheir shoulders lo ihe wliifl, but call upon Hercules (England) to relieve ihei-t. Says Falstaff, ' If uny man will leap with me for a thousand marks, let him lend methv money, and have at him,' So say the lush landlords. « We are very great people, we Cells—quite us great as, if not greater than, the Saxon. We can leap »» well as he. Only lend us the money, and have nt him.' And we are about to do so. Well—we are »ery ntBgnimi- raous: butar«we very wise?— Globe. 