AN IRISH PLAY-BILL. For the benefit of Mr. O'Shaughnossy. Theatre Royal, Ballyporeen. This present evening will be performed, the justly-admired historical play of HAMLET. Hamlet, by Mr. Dennis O'Brien, with a solo on the bagpipes between the acts. Ghost, with the egg hornpipe, by Terence O'Linn. Polonius, with tight-rope dancing, by Paddy M'Guire. Laertes, with a saraband, by Phelim M' Dermot. The parts of Horatio, Benvolio, Francisco, Ro- sencrants, Guilderstein, and Osrick, will be attempted (by particular desire) by the mana- ger, Thady O'Shaughnossy. King, with balancing, &c.;, by Patrick M'Cul- loch, from the Theatre Royal, Ballynibeg, his first appearance on any stage! Grave Diggers, with six additional pair of breeches, and fourteen jackets. Queen and Ophelia, Mrs. O'Shaughnossy, With a pas-de-seul, accompanied on the hurdy- gurdy, by Mrs. O'Brien. End of the play, an Irish dance, by all the English characters, Between the Play and Farce, a new Interlude, called MURTOUGH O'BLARNEY, AND JENNY O'DONNELLY. Written by a Gentleman of this City. Scene--A Barn. Murtough, by Mr. O'Shaughnossy. Jenny, with Langolee, Mrs. O'Shaughnossy. Villagers, &c.;, by the rest of the Company. The whole to conclude with KING HENRY THE FOURTH. (Suppressed into 2 Acts). King Henry, with a hornpipe, by Phelim M'Dermot. Falstaff, with slack-rope vaulting, by Terence O'Linn. Prince of Wales, with tumbling, by Mr. M'Culloch. Sir Walter Blunt, by Paddy M'Guire. Countrymen, Poins, Douglas, Vernon, Francis, Bardolph, Gadshill, Traveller, &c.; ALL by Mr. O'Shaughnossy! Hotspur, with the Irish Taylor, by Dennis O'Brien. Lady Percy, by Mrs. O'Brien. Dame Quickly, with a one-handed reel, Mrs. O'Shaughnossy. *** No Lady or Gentleman admitted to the boxes without shoes or stockings, nor allowed to smoke, in case the straw should catch fire. +++ To accommodate the Nobility, Gentry, and others, Mrs. O'Shaughnossy will take out the amount of tickets in bread, cheese, soap, candles, herrings, &c.; ttt Many complaints having been made on account of the late hour the play commences, Mr. O'Shaughnossy informs the public that in future the performance shall begin at five, and the doors open at six o'clock. 