Local Intcllltronco, LinV.ltAMTY.-' -Tho Ciiiwrnnr, in a mes sage, pro|V)Mii;: nti addition of £239" to llu Estimates '17 and '18 -propivi . an item of £82 fur the Wardsmen at the Melbourne Ciaol, being the whole amount of the sum to be allotted In l'ort l'liillip. Hvriifi-.sr Sn i.ri.h (Yixsk.— -The win ner of tlii event, w.i Mr. (iiiiriek's "Wallaby," healing Mr. Mathews's " Sir lVter," and Mr. Green's " Our do Lion" China.— Hy the Daniel It'ahon we have lbuikong papers to the 1st June. There had been a slight riot at Canton, which was not put nn end lo until n pnrtv id seamen nnd mnrincs were landed, and inflicted a number of w ound with Ihe sw ord nnd bay onet. The antipathy of llie natives lo Eu- ropeans'nppear to increase in proportion to lire intercourse that takes place. Trade was dull : three shrofls. or native Linker, had failed for n million of dollars . it wn« ex pected thnt their failure would cause tbe bankruptcy nfnlmvc eighty trader. Sydney Marnina Herald. Markets. — There is no sign of n revival in business. The only transaction are small purchasers for consumption, nt no material alteration of prices. The lirandy mntkel continue very It envy nl 7s 3d to "s 0.1. Hum 5 0:1 lo fls. Gin lOs to 17s per c.uo. Ten t dull, but sellers will not sub- mil to reduction, and it may still he quoted nl £3 7s 0d. Sugar from £10 upwards. Flour remains nt £13 i seconds £11, but a rise is looked for. Much, of course, de pends upon the state of the weather. I'o- latocs have risen suddenly in price, l'orl I'hillin nnd Van Diemen's ' I -ami are bring- ing freclv £8 per ton. — Hifdnri/ Morn I in/ Herald. ' Immigration Retort.—' The Committee appointed in Mnv Inst, to rcpArt upon the present demand "for labor in the colon, have brought up their report, upon which, we shall not venture as yet, an opinion.— it acknowledges that — " ut no period since the foundation of the colony, has there hern so great a demand for lnlior, ns nt tho present moment," and suggests " the issue of de bentures. secured upon the Territorial Re venue, which is fully ample enough tn ltcar the charge of immigration." Desertion.— The roeun-cnce of each wool season brings with it a number of instances of desertion of seamen : this year it ha commenced rather early. 'Hie 'Hashemi/ recently arrived, has already lost five hands, and tlie Melbourne has experi enced a similar loss. Yesterday the second mate accompanied hy n lxody of the crew, consisting of three men and two apprentices, in the nbwmcc of the Captain, confined to his cabin the chief mate, who luring deaf did not hear their movement., nnd lowering the quartcr-lmat, nulled tip to town : anil having moored the boat alongside thcGarno- hia nt the wharf, made off. Warrants have lieen issued for their apprehension, nnd wc shall not be surprised lo see some, if not all of them nt the Police Office, this morning. Ciitei.ty to Animals.— -Hi Honor i rather fond of " the pace that kills" particu larly when the "animal" is not hi own, although his spurs, wc believe, are -During his recent-, flying visit lo Geelong. he rode the 3d miles in tour hours and a half, and as his equestrian capabilities are not much like Shakespeare's hero, who 'witched the world with -noble horccmnnship' — the un fortunate brute had all his icork ta do. The consequence was, that the "gallant grey" gave up the ghost in Geelong. Town Council. — This liotlv met yester day, as usual, for the dcsjwtcli of business. The order for the day appeared in our pub lication of Wednesday. The report of the Select Committee, on the duties and salary of Town Inspector. That on the correpoti- denye with the Port Phillip Savings' Hank, was adopted. The Market Committee was instructed to frame n code of regulations for the government of the public market. Tlu consideration of the Report of the Public Works' Committee, on tlie subject of cross ing place-, for vehicles, even the footway of the Town was jmstponed. The Council "then adjourned. the Transportation Report. — Mr. Counter, hy some clever mamivcring, 1ms carried his suicidal motion, br a majority of II to 7, condemnatory oftheTransportalion Kejtort of 1815. Private letters, und indeed, the public journals inform us font, ns far a far as argument went, the pro-eon vicu bad it all their, own way. Mcmis. Windcycr and Lowe were absent from the debate. New System op Proppjaion.— a letter appear in the last number of the Curio Chronicle, slating, that an invention ha Irecn made, hy which carriage can be prrt- relied over any ground without the exj ense of railroads. 1ne inventor states, that bis contrivance will travel equally well over nny kind of, road, regardless of any aqreritic and irregularities of surface, that it will not rink even (n marshy mound, and for passing through forest merely requires the tree to lie felled. Tito detaits of the inveution ore a yet secret. What next ? A DortmT'i. Case.— On Wednesday, n man named John Milk in son. obtained n summons against Patrick O'Urien, of the Fanner' Hotel, for lutving robbed him of £1 I'm. mt the previous morning. Mr. O'llricn appeared to day to answer the charge. The prosecutor said tluit on Tues day morning, lie being perfectly sober, went Into O'Urien' house tobreakfnut, after which, he left the room for two minute, leaving hi« purre on the table, returned immediately, and missed the money, taxed O'Urien with it, was offered 5s. to make the matter up. No one hut O'Urien ami bis family were tn tbe room all tliis time. Mr. (I'llrien called several wilnoMC to tcl.tit liie charge, ami wo think succeeded in doing i>, as he proved that tlie man was blind drunk on the oc casion, that other |Hr>.in- were iu tin room during tlie time |>uhrii of, that the amount of money claimed by prosecutor was not in tho purse, anil he hail offers! to drop the charge on payment of 10<. hy Mr. O'llrien. The Magistrate appeared to have some doubt on the matter, as thev are deter mined on sending the case tc the I'rown l'rowvu tor, and admitted Mr. O'llrien lo Liil in £100, and two sureties iu £50 each. CaNCEIXINO InHPATITI ". Thomas Da vis, the mes-enger of the Town Conm-il. applied lo the Mrigislrale for a unnmoris against Thomas Hamilton, late saddle;, in (ollins-Jlreet, to show cause why the in dentures of Da i». junior, to the defendant, should not lie cancelled, lie having had no work for five weeks, ami hi wage mx having been paid. Mr. Stephen ap>caring fur tbe application, and Mr. Smith uguin-t it. tho cnso was discussed yesterday, ami on Mr. Hamilton stating that he was iu a |M.-i- tion to recommence Imsiuc-, the Bine', said that if such did not take plu, one week, the indenture should h<\- r..n- celled. St'MMONsr.8 and W.iiuuni-. l 11. f firiian, applied firm warrant agaiirl Waller, for eausclesslv beating und illirtating hi- son, Edward Rcffcniuu, granted. AVi'li nn Wert, for a warrant to bind over Henry Coiilptrm, to keep the peace Inward" him. threat nnd violent language hiving in en used, grunted. Mr. Evan-, it -eliler, de-ii. d a warrant against n servant of his, feir in solence and neglect of duty, a summon being deemed unavailable. llank Case.—' There is no |ril.|, report that the Hank of Aitvtr.l' gamed its rase. - X,„t„r;/ (WrrZ! ri:\n: \\\i> WAis.-.n..., t. peared nt the police Ollire, „ Sarah IviM. against vvh,,:,,' j """nt,- noted threat 1,1 scrim,, i„j,lrv. n,,)' site lind committed n-ault 'V'-ri to fill.) bail herself in £1U, a',„l tu,',' ! £> each, to keep the pK1C(. Naralt Lust, ft -—.i ' ""t.- since the defendant in thj, ( lv. cured n rim lar bond f,,,,,, ft , 'fvl-ai nnd was taking advantage tiivvri-d'p'"151' gcanre cm her with impunity Ike- " therefore under a mutual olili'-j,':. hate frripiciitlv follow . ohlig„:,n ' 14 cares, it „ doubtful whether cvc'n'thM !'" will injure mulv. n" 