Local Intelligence. | _ ('itAni.r.s Josr.i'ii and tiii: Ghost ok j Silt Or.okur_— -Information ha« reached i G celling that II. M, Su|ierintendent is se- riously indisposed. It was supposed hy bis | medical adviser, at first, tlinl the prevalent ; influenza bail classed him w ith the common j herd of mankind in it resistless visitutions, . but the tteculinr mental struggle which he j was cvidcmlv undergoing, induced an en- quirv that led to a strange revelation on the tiart of his Honor. It was — that be had been visited, during the hours of rest, by the tmcmbodied shadoof Sir Gtforgc, "Our late Governor, who with a quivering eye brow- and protruded lip, demanded or htm, ' What the deuce do you niran by talking ttf my District'?" Ill Honor, who vras naturally in n " devil of a funk," said that the idea of n visit from hit old leader, had never jiresetited itself to hi imagination, or lie would have been more guarded. After considerable altercation the august phantom agreed to forgive Chaile Joseph in all tinto to come, so long a he recol lected, that instead of my hot, he was to say Ot'lt hat — but in the way of immediate pe nance he was directed to get out of bed, ami play Yankee Doodle, the Air of Inde pendence, for a eoiijile of hour on tlte trcoml fiddle. No wonder that Itelween the fright nnd the cold 11. M. Super intendent is seriously jtiil out.-- tVi'u f 'Aro- i, Mr, The Oi.dkst I'ostmartkiu — ' Jeamcs'' ha it seem got quite tired of the situation of Roitmaster, and quite time too. lleaayn, he doe not consider it ta/e to belong to a dejturlntenl where the must gross misconduct ii overlooked," and we must say that he disjtluyod a very tolerable sainjile of tiic oltove qualification, in the extraordinary detention of last Thursday week's moil, which came to hand six. day after due, Wc have made inquiries about, this singular case, nnd find that the blame entirely rest with htm, for neglecting to send to (ho steamei for itj however, wo sincerely hope both foi tho public arid our own convenience, lhat'hc will keep hi Jirontisc. — Corio Chronicle.' Titr.Cot.oM At," Bow-wow." — The honor able member for St. Vincent bill fair to euro a« enviable a political fcjuitation a the author of " Tattered," w ho is one of those rabid animals which, us the nuntery rhyme hnlli it, delight to b.vrk and bite, Fur I -ml h olt made them su, Mr. Lowe in hi electioneering nnti-slavo trade tirade (one of those " hideous night mare" to wliirli he allows lie is occasionally subject) denounced the importation of Smith Sen Islander by Messrs. Boyd and Robinson, a a " system which jioets, sages, nnd orators bad alike held up lo the detes tation of mankind," \e., Nc. He also went , into the particulars of the wretched destiny j thev were to fulfil, Nr., " forming n more j horrible jiicture than lie could conceive." j Mr. Robinson in reply strijtjteil the tinsel j from the eloquent member's speech, nml j inter alia, rend the following ' horrible Jtic- j lure' front Mr. Boyd's letter of itistnic- J tions to one of ' his employer/, res- , Jtertittg the trratmrltt of the "slnvts": — > " Svilnrv. 23rd April, 181". S. 11. Daniels, ; Esq., Strathmerton, River Mntrny.— Dear : Sir. — I wrote on Tuesday, advising you that 1 62 South Sen inlanders hnd arrived per ' / Y,'.k-i7v. and were forwarded, via Mntteroo, to the Murray. As this is nn experiment of vital inijHtrtiinec to the colonv, and ns tho , eyes of the Government ami the whole colony nre upon it. I have entrusted the J management of the first draft to you, in the ' hope that, by kindness, and studying the i trmpets of the men, you will turn them to good account. Above all tiling prevent i them from bring annoyed or bullied by the j oid hands; the uuigtMrntc will be tallesl j ujtott to interfere, and thus the experiment of j inirodiiriogcoloure-d labour vi ill not be denied fair play, nlthongb in the jtrcscnt fearful ; stole of'tite labour market, anil the inability ! of the cylonv to pay for Eurojtcan immignt- 1 tion. it really njtjtcars to lie the only hojtc for the squatters. 1 should suggest that _ y ou make some arrangement with M'Ara, : who lias gone over with them. He is a very ; re-j>ectal)le mnn, and undcrst'ind their Ion- ' go.ige and habits thoroughly. You bail , therefore Itetlrr keejt him with vmt, as the ! means of your communicating with the men. A regards their management. I think in the first jtlnce you will have to allow them to remain together in isx/iVi for the present, to prevent them from tuning and getting dis satisfied, and a bo to on late the chance of their being annoy ed by tbcohl bands. In entrusting them to the charge of any of the shepherds, you must Itc particular in selecting those incn only who you know nre of good temper nnd conduct, to whom you will hold out : inducements to treat these islanders with ; kindness. You w ill make such ntcn over- 1 srrrs. a it were, of small jiarticv of ten or j twelve, nml allow -them nn extra gratuity, I say of £1 jtcr annum for enrh matt, hi order ' ilia', they may exert themselves tn tench the j jH-ojdc the necessary business of the tn- i i tion. These ovs rseers must ltc rtjiecially i \ impressed with my tm|tcrative injunction i J that the men aie to be treated with lenity i and ktmlr.r.st ; and inasmuch as it is my j ! intention to send down additional draft j : from time to lime, those overseer who treat , I their men the bed will have their j;artics ! increased and thus earn augmented allow- ! anre». It is distinctly to lto understood, | that under no circumstances or provocation j whatever, is a hand to !« rubed against any j islander. Any comtdaittl is to lie reported j tn you, and you will use your best discre- | lion. Any man ou the station who shall j ill-use one of thasc Jtcople is to be dis- : charged nt once. I retain tiirce of the ! blander in Sydney, who astonish every person by their intelligence; so much set, that i hr.vc icccitcd applications from e- : v eral jiartics to imjto! t any additional ; quantity . We must iirM, however, sujiply our own drmands, nttil 1 shall thcrefiire rely on your best assistance in turning , out the measure which, as Eurojtcati labor ; MYim itujKtvsible to be obtained, is of ! the highi-M importance. By these means j w e may be- etialiUd to grow every thing we j require for our station). The keejt of our i sheep will not exceed fmirpencc Jtcr head, i which will make every ewe in the colony worth twenty shillings i anil, a you ore a , squatter yourself, you will own this to be of j vital imjtorlanre. Once, again, 1 iutjtrcss ; ujtou you not to allow this <:x|H-rimcnt to : fail, for if the jitrscttl price of wages couti- ; tines, I think more than one-half of the ! stuck of this colony will have to ltc Itoihd : dowtt.- l ant, Ac., Nc.. 11, lloYlt. R.S. — j You bad tx-tter put in plenty of potatoes, a ! tlte men njijiear to lw i vccedinglv fond of j them. Above all thing. f«d t/iem well ; but their agreement is that they nrc not to have tea or sugar. ILvlttt IlmtNti. — If there were any thing like slnxerv prevailing in the colonv, K might !k> lituiid in atlier classes ; nml he could mention n rase which had latclv oc- , currvd in one of the courts of the colony, 1 which would show that it was not the im- j jHtrlcrs of South Sea island laltour that I were the greatest task-master, lie found ; that a party cmjdoyed had the following i duties lo perforin — to conk, to wait at din- ! iter, dealt boot and shoes, kuive. two set j of harness, a gig, a. carriage, break wood, J and churn. And who did the House think was the task-mnster — the Egyjitian task master tltal imjxtMd these multitudinous dutmsQU UiU utihappy servattl— duties to wlticlt tlieslavety of South Carolina anil the Brazils wtu light and caty. 'litis was the slavery of Cudgt-v — tho task-master was the honorable and learned member himself I — th»n whom lie believed there wo not a harder or more severe one in the whole co lony. If common re|Kirt — if tho record of the Court of UcqueM did not prove ihii, he wa much Ixdied. Whilst he (Mr. ltobiuson) who, ever since his arrival in the colony, had employed some eight hundred hands, had only had three case where it wa necessary fur him to go into court at all. — Mr. llokintun. Ill Eki kcts or Etiikk.-— Dr. J. H. Rick- ford ha addressed to lire imhiioi Morning Chronietc a solemn warning against the use of ether. He denies that the insensibility which it jtroduces I no worse titan that of drunkenness or asphvxia. There is a che mical alteration in (lie vital constituent of lite blood t for not only is that deprived of i its oxygen, and of the j toner of coogula- i lion — like lite black vitiated blood of ma- lignant and putrid fevers— but lite corpus- cities wlit-n fittriu i formed are actually dis- 1 suited. Hence the blood takes a lung time 1 to regain its life-supporting fli-sb-funning cbarttcter ; wimnd sltttw inverted edges and > refuse to heal ; and the jtaticul often sinks ' into death. The use of ether also tend to > produce tubercular, consumption of the 1 lungs i in thirty cases of death after the use of ether, in the Dublin Hoajtital, tho death could he traced to recent tu- ' borclcs, ltclicved to, be the product of Ure ether. Tun " TitAMEs."— After nil o , I which have been expressed rcsnmh !?' I probability of this vessel licine El K !hs I twecn Gcclong on.l .MclSo "l!nW' I ciuibletl to state, u|ton the nuthm;,v rerCrp I of her s (tinted proprietors, that ! I continence her trips nt an carlv ttcrioH tv I ensuing month. Sho is saiA rau flhc I fine craft, nnd of pced tlmt will nnt I friend the -4,-5 r,L upoX£ I all events opposition is a vcrv I for the public, who must nlvravs l)ct,efi,",s I it. Wc trust, however, for the salro f it I Majesty's liego subject,, .hem wi lt' " I insane propulsion hy " high pru I the sake of n few minutes a'llra ' i.h I stile. Upon tins dangerous practice we re,. I read many serious lessons fram our I head brother Jonathan, who, for the I of Itcing " tarnation fast, and con.id, "lv I n-lteod of t other clinji, I cues." l,ift,. I ami senilis to death his jtasvengen, to I tune of some hundred mutually ))> t, I that a word to the wive will. i„ ihis I prove sufiicicnt.— form Chronicle I CAITION TO 1)00 OWNL,l,,_YeteHJV I morning Mr. ..sher, tn charge ofthel' I Mnffi mtjieared hefitre the Bench tombq/n I t.Moht, complaint against n jK-rom aamcl I M' Kirov (reported in yeierdav\ Voter,' t I f.r keeping ntt unmuzzled dog on hit tmses, nitil fqrdatttsgo done tri' his a, 1 by the sattl dog ; the complainant wv, I nt the tunc prepared to jtrovc the owitcrdi; I of the dog, and the ease was pmtren(i I until this tnonting, the l.tcsiiling wag|si,t!. I (A. Russell. Esq.,) remarking that, hail i), I charge Iteen substantiated, he would m I tninly have inflicted the vcrv hjeliie I penalty allowed. \Vc trust 'the otht- I magistrates will be of the worthy aldi- I man's" way of thinking. I Bultal Assault.— Tlte man Mahonv I who is worn to hy Mr. Rankin, a« havire! committed the. cowardly and brutal niuult I rcjtnrtcd in our Inst,' yesterday appcartd I Iteforc the Bench nml entered into tutrtiti I for his rc-nppcarancc thi morning, whea I >Ir. Rankin will be prepared with his I witnesws. I DUAINAOtL— During the late wet I the inhabitant of Melbourne hare i,r;. I ouslv felt the inconvenience attrcdin: m I a defective system of drainage. The c«z I occurrence of half an hour rain ii tu. I ricttl to make many of the street imjero I blc, nnd all are in a state by tto mraat ft. I vourable to traffic. The hou'se too. iaraav I situation,, arc no damp as to ltc tcutdr I tcnantable, which need hv no meant fellow I front their jtosition nnd structure. All ihii | arises front the want of n ,tcm of dn'.s- I age, hy which the rain falling in tttn I street m'ght be cntufd to accumulate tr.il I flow off ir.to the river or swamp. The i:.i- of lite ti wn i, most adntirablv adajitcd fn this i the slightest amount of attrntien to the construction of the street, must came them to drain themselves. I.LOltiHTIVE r.nactm F..VTS.— Wc nttd scarcely say that thcro arc few indi | vidiixl, in the jtrovince who arc made cr- quainlcd (except through the unoju;. appearing in tho local (taper.) wi'th the n.ti'intiutiv made in the Colonial Sia'.utt, nt every Session of the Legislative Council Act arc repealed and others (tawed which are not foru anted or even intimated to auv 'itc Mr. Jut Trobe) of the local authorities who mu«t cotucqmmtly remain lit ignorance of the vcrv alteration in the laws they am called ujxttt to administer i throughout thr interior— this ii (Secularly the fact— aad we am safe in saying that there it net > Magistrate in the jtrovince, town, uiJ county, who liav nt ntiv time been pralui:- ou»ly furnished with a copy of any Act « Act passed by the Iyegiilntive Counril. Our " (tateroal Government" could sortb afford lo supply such information to the Melbourne police office, if not elwwhrrr. A Nkvv Kind ok Rotato.—- John Rig1.), a cottager of Buxton, in Norfolk, and thr grower of four crop of potatnc in one yrjr. in a letter to the Xor/olk Chronicle, " I have discovered a berry, which I " gather from the (tanks or hedge, and »h;c:, will produce the finest potato or (totiire, quality that ever were grow n. One quart d these berries will produce ,n muihavei.- huthcl of our common jwtato. Three L: rlc arc of a small substance, and sit to ' " (ilatttcd whole. They must go thntup a regular process in the course of tlir win'..:, w hich is scarcely any trouble, anil of no n (tense. 1 now have in my |x»cs«ion t quantity of (lotatoct raised fntm three Ic-ta' last year; and it is my intention tn pre' crop after crop thi year, until the fou.ix crop, lite size of lite potatoes rai'c) fr, : _ the U-rrics tin first year arc about the met. a duck's egg. Tlte iterate are so numtrou that all England can be supplicsl " Tub Sydnkv Tallow .Swiviurre A discovery of a most ingenious Irwud hv» Item lately made in the Ixtndoii and M- Catlterine ltock. A few day ago. a Jr. whose name for obvioua reason v ii omtt!f arrived here aa a (taaaengcr In a slop fn® Kjilney. Among the cargo entered j, freight were 70 casks of tallow, winch wn landed as sucli by tint revenue oliire'. a1:1' entered n» such in the usual routiner. 8u>' s-quently a Cualotn-hounc officer, tun.iJ Dean, made a more careful examination, " the reputed casks of tallow, On remuttng the bung tho tallow was visible, undernra..t wlticlt was found a tultc. mailc of tm. tending from the bung-hole to the oppo-:"' side ofihe cask. On removing the tu-p tlte real content of the cask, ltr.tks.u". iron- dual, and ashe. were btaup' ' lighL All the other cask were filhtl >: similar materials, a sntall qminu') tallow onlv Iteing inserted in a tubs' 111 . cask. On Mondav another »htp "rn" from Sydney, with 60 cask of ta!!o» re..- signed to tfie same individual, »' ffi"' heiitg examined they were avrerturop' '' filled with brick -dust, iron-duvt. atwl ' like the othzvi. The weight of i aclt is ,200Ilss., ami it ap|tears that the J' " ' ' tained an advance of £7.090 uis'it ullow, from, a joint stock bank in 0"' lie ha since absconded. The r: , \ their content have liven scirid in Cuitoms, end tho intlirc nre t»>vv '. look out for the author of the fratul. ' _ , vattaasAS wil tlial SS (X <rkttV til t)l£ ( "JL — tlelf/ Meuinytr, June 7. Tub Ml' It Itltll CASK.— vve leant " Hcalcy, convicted of Utc murder <>f B'""1,'' has volunteered in make a ronr. -'i" which will implicate others tit tin ma-!' 