GERALDINE. A TALB OF CONSCIENOC. CHAP. XXI. 'Where was one solemn point of doctrine which ,Geraldine had shrunk from discussing with either of her uncles, and on wihch she could not bring herself 'to speak even to Mr. Everard. This was 'Transubstantiation. All her doubts and researches on this point were confined to books, with unceasing 'eference to Scripture. Of all the points of separa tion between the Churches, this awful question-of a sniraculous change in the elements at consecration, ie one of the deepest interest to the devout communi "catit. As a young girl, Geraldine had believed simply the words of =Christ, and bowed in humble .gratitude toe myster~y of love which she could not idtbom; in later years,-her reason had been taught to consider the-Sacrament as a solemn pledge of re neinibrance and of fidelity, butall beyond this as a su peisatitiouis dwelling on the material,_ instead of the '.jiefliual, union, and a desecration of the awful Ma jesty of God. Geraldine now came to the full in 'westigation of this doctrine, and found ample testi loony on the Protestant side amongst the Divines in the Elverton library; while Milner's " End of Con troversy," and the It Faith of Catholics," were the only books on the other side in her possession. But It was not so much by,argument that Geraldine -roped to arrive at the truth. She read what each party had to say, and then turned again to Scrip ture. With respect to the most powerful argument, considered conclusive by Protestants against a mira culous change in the sacrament of the altar, namely, ohat God often demands our faith in that which is above our senses, but never in that which is against them, Geraldine found its refutation in the -Gospel narrative, at the baptism of our Lord. To thebeye of sense, the bodily form of a dove rested open him ; abut faith demands our acknowledgment of the pre sence of the Holy Ghost : and to Indulge in vain Inquiries as-to how far the plumage and muscular Actioni of the bird were an appearance, or a reality, would be much on a par with all that is profanely -advanced against Transubstantiation. _ In entering on this deep and awful subject, Geraldine was quite on her guard respecting her natural disposition of mind to receive willingly that which is mysterious, spiritual, and supernatural; but, on :consideration, these were some of the arguments which had the greatest weight in-convincing her reason. Were the holy sacrament to consist merely of bread and wine in commemoration of our Lord's death, then the reality falls short of the Old Testament types of this solemnity. Melchisedec brought forth bread and wine as types, of what P Only bread and wine P The manna from heaven, itself a miracle, -how could it prefigure less than a miracle P Also she remarked, In the-detailed account given by St. Luke of the first celebration of these holy mysteries, that our Lord followed the custom of the Jews, continued to this day, of giving, after supper, bread and wine around to the guests, in token of hospitality and good will. The last day ' of the festival of the Passover is concluded by the master of the house holding a cup of wine, while he repeats a consider able portion of Scripture. He then drinks, acid gives to others to drink of the cup. The Evangelist first describes our Lord's observing this ceremony, from verse fifteen to eighteen, at which time He speaks of eating the Passover with his disciples, before He should suffer, telling them also that He shall no more drink of the fruit of the vine, till the Kingdom of God shall come. After this, begins the celebration of the mysteries, at verses nineteen and twenty; and the candid examiner of this toofold description will see, that to quote the ex pression of "fruit of the vine," as nullifying the elief of a miraculous change in the chalice, is useless, because it applies to the Jewish custom just alluded to, and not to the institution of the divine mystery. Again, when dwelling on the sixth chapter of St. John, Geraldine could not but perceive that,. although in every other discourse oar Lord explains all that has been figurative and obscure, yet,' hlin the Jews are offended at such a trial of their faith, "too hard for them to bear," so that from that time they left him, to return no more, he slid not recall them to explain his words, which, if figurative, this merciful and just God would cer tainly Dave done. Geraldine then examined the Calvinistic exposition of 'the chapter, in which this " hard saying" Is made t6 biter on- "predestination" and " free grace,". and pronoslnced It to-be the greatest straining from sim pilcity. In versa sixty-three, which Is the grand point on which the Protestant, expositor rests, to overturn all the rest of the chapter, the expression,. " Thse fesha profiteth nothing," she found rendered by Catholic commentators io mean, that the fleshly or carnal wisdom of man profiteth nothing in underistanding the deep mysteries of God. Geral dine could not believe that Christ should contradict himself; and after having said, "He thateateth my flesh shall abide in me," that He should then. say that His flesh profiteth nothing. He does not here say my flesh, but the flesh, and she decided it to be impossible that this one verse, however ren dered, should contradict the whole plain and explicit declaration of our Lord, beginning at verse fifty one to the end of the chapter. Nothing, however, confirmed her belief more, in the perpetual miracle of Christ's love to His Church, than the strict " discipline of the secret," observed by the early Christians respecting it. founded on the command, " Not to cast their pearls before swine," and the persuasion that faith to receive this great mystery was the gift of God. This belief and rite in the early. Church was attended with the same scandalous misrepresentationzas besets It now. This. discipline of the secret, as well as the ancient Liturgies, Ge raldine found'in the." Faith of Catholics," to which -he now turned. From Sr. CYraL of Jerusalem. (Fourth Century,) " We do not speak clearly before the Catechu mens on the mysteries, but are obliged often to use obscure expressions, in order that, while we are understood by the faithful, who are instructed, those who are not so may not suffer." The Synod of Alexandria. (Speaking in reprehension, says) -" They are not ashamed to celebrate the mysteries before the Catechumens, and, perhaps, even before the pagans, forgetting that* it is written, that we should hide the mystery of the King, and in con tempt of the precept of our Lord, that we must not place holy things before dogs, nor pearls before swine. For it is not lawful to show the mysteries openly to the uninitiated, lest, through ignorance, they scoff at them, and the Catechumens be scanda lized through indiscreet curiosity.' From Oasomn. (Third Century.) " Whoever is instructed in the mysteries, knows the flesh and blood of the Word of God. Let us not then dwell on a subject known to the intitiated, and which the uninitiated ought not to know." TBRTULLIAN. (Third'C'enury.) (Adressing his wife on the subject of her marry ing an infidel, in case of his death.) " Will not your husliasnd know what you taste in secret before any other food P And if he perceives bread, will he not imagine that it is what is so much spoken of? P" From conversations with Mr. Everard, as well as from her own researches into early ecclesiastical record, -Geialdino had found that, to preserve this secresy, tortures and death were endured by the early Christians. She then turned to the ancient Liturgies of Jerusalem, Alexandria, Constantinople, Rome, Milan, also the Syriac, Nestorian, and Coptic Liturgies, all which she found to be the same with respect to the awful manner in which their belief is expressed (when the faithful alone are present) of a change in the Elements, and in a propitiatory sacrifice to the Deity. Extractefrom the Liturgy of Jerusalem. " Have mercy on us, 0 God, the Father Almighty, and send thy Holy Spirit, the Lord and giver of life, equal in dominion to Thee and thy Son, who descended in the likeness of a dove on the Lord Jesus Christ; who descended on the holy apostles in the likeness of tongues of fire; that, coming, He may make this bread the heavenly Body, the life-giving Body, the saving Body, the Body giving health to souls and bodies: the Body of our Lord Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins. and eternal life to those who receive it : Amen." " And may make what is mixed in this chalice the Blood of the New Testament, the saving Blood, the life giving Blood, the heavenly Blood, the Blood giving health to soul and body : the Blood of our Lord Jesus Christ: Amen." " Wherefore we offer to Thee, O Lord, this tremendous and unbloody Sacrifice' for the holy places which Thou hast enlightened by the manifestation of Christ thy Son. Grant thy blessing, 0 Lord I again and again, through this holy oblation and propitiatory sacrifice, which is offered to God the Father, and is sanctified, com pleted, and perfacted, by the desent of the Holy Ghost." Liturgy of Constantinople. " O Lord God Almighty, make us worthy to offer Thee gifts and spiritual sacrifices; and grant that we may find grace before Thee, and that our saacifice may be acceptable to Thee. Bless, 0 Lord, this holy bread. Make, indeed, this bread the precious Body of thy Christ. Bless, 0 Lord, this chalice, and what is in this chalice, the precious blood of thy Christ, e'hanging by thsy Holy Spirit: Amen." -'0KigAiesandrian Liturgii. " igof Glory, make us worthy to stand at Thy holy table, and to consecrate Thy immaculate Body and thy precious blood. Do thou, 0 Lord, by thy voice, ehacoge these ofierings. Do thou, who art here present, complete this mystical Liturgy." As Geraldine finished these testimonials of the united and exalted faith of the early Church respect ing thia high mystery of love, shce knelt, in token of submission, exclaiming."* Lord, I believe, help thou my uinbelief!" Her next thought was, of that class of Protestants, who, like the unbelieving Jews, in a proud, and scoffing spirit, had found Christ's words too hard to bear, and had sacrificed faith to the fleshly reason which would profit them nothing. From the wide spreading of this disbelief in the mystery of the altar, it would saem that God had permitted the Protestant world to depart, as He had done the Jews, for he has said, " My spirit shall not always strive with man I" This was an awful thought, and fraught with so much pain and terror, that Geraldine, unable to dwell on it, turned to the Protestant account of the supposed Introduction of the doctrine of Transubstantiation to the belief of the Cisriatian world, at a dark and prlest~ridden period in the annals of the Church. Cave, the learned author of the '" Lives of Use Fathers:' was great authority: but when Geraldine read his cool aase)'ton. ao implicitly believed by tse Protestant world, that, in sight hundred and sixty- five, Pea chasius Radhert, Abbot of Corbey, first introduced the doctrine of Transubstantlation, she could not help smiling. '* No I" cried she, "even my re searchses have been deep enough to refute thsis asser tion. In egisht Isundred and sixty-five, the Eastern Churchses hsad aeparated from the Latin Churches, a lamentable jealousy existed on their side regarding any measures of discipline which they apprehended might~bo forced on them from Rome, they were in a disposition to reject every thIng thence, and yet we find all thises schismatical C1hurches agreeed on this awful point-of Faith. We find no council convened to pronounce on the novelties, introduced by the Benedictine Monk. His book was comboted by -Erigena and other sectarlens, just as a treatise no the Holy Trinity would have found an antagonist reply amongst the Arians: but, that the work of any individual, however learned, or pious, should have changed the faith, not only of his own Church, but also that of the Greek, Nestorian, Coptic, and Syriac communities, is a stretch of belief quite. beyond me, and in fact beyond any one who has ,become aware of the order and government of the Church respecting any novelties in religion. We find the contrast between the calm approval of Pas chasius Radbhrt's book by the Church, and that stern sentence which fell on Berengarius in 1050; a sentence revoked In 1055, on his recantation; but when he began afresh to publish his disbelief in Transubstantiation, a council was held at Rome, to which he was cited,and where he again abjured his opinions, which (like those of Nestorius and Arian in earlier ages) were examined and condemned by the Church." " No, Mr. Everard," said Geraldine, in reply to her old friend's authoritative inquiry respecting her mornings' studies, " No, I cannot talk with you on this subject of my thoughts. I am so happy In our many points of agreement, that I will not enter upon the one on which we must part." " Then I divine it," cried Mr. Everard, and a long pause ensued, during which Geraldine was both pained and encouraged by the long-drawn sigh which from time to time escaped from him. At length he said, " The contradictions involved in the doctrine of the Eucharist are the great stumb ling-block to us Protestants, who argue its impos sibility on the ground that even the Deity cannot work that which is mathematically inconsistent-as that two and two should make three-or that a circle should be square." " But se cannot argue mathematically on a miracle." pleaded Geraldine. " Well, girl, well, I have thought pretty deeply on this subject; and supposing the system broached by Bishop Berkely (known as the Berkeleian Phi losophy) to be. correct, would it not reconcile the apparent contradictions in the belief of Catholics respecting this great mystery of the Holy Eucha rist P I have sometimes thought of proposing this as a subject of curious speculation, from which an argument might be drawn thus. The doctrine of immaterialism may be true. If it be true, then there is no contradiction in the Catholic belief ; if it be not true, may not the material system be such, though unknown to man, as, when explained and opened to his view, to render the mystery of the Eucharist perfectly clear and comprehensible P Im materialism was broached by a Protestant bishop, and the belief in it is not considered heterodox either In. Catholic or Protestant Churches. The first ap. proaches to it invest it with an air of ridicule; but when Berkeley's ideas are thoroughly investigated, much ingenuity is discovered in the system, and one is led to see, that, if improbable, it is far from impossible. This requires some deep thinking." [End of volume the first.] ('lb be continued.) 