MUSIC AND MUSICIANS. THE DEPARTED COMPOSERS. It is a remarkable fact that the tombs of the two greatest Gei man composers of the last century, Gluck and Mozart, should have had the same strange fate of oblivion : so complete, in the case of each. that, un to the present time, no man lias been to ' show where they have laid him.' The grave of the latter is yet to seek ; and the reader will remember the summons sent a year or two ago by the Austrian government to his aged widow, to come up to the capital, in her extreme decline, that she might help, by the flickering light of her almost burnt-out memorv, in peeking for the place where, 50 years before, she had left the hus band of her youth. Up this long vista of half a cen tury of widowhood her thoughts travelled in vain. The fame of the illustrious dead has accompanied her all that time, brightening the weary way ; but the tomb itself lies in the shadow of that far past, — and will never be known, save by some such accident as has just revealed the resting place of Gluck. In re pairing one of the walls of the village of Mutzleindorf, near Vienna, the workmen found, inclined against the base of the wall below the level of the soil, a small tablet of grey marble, engraved with the following in scription in the Gorman tongue and Roman charac ters : — ' Here reposes a brave German, zealou? Chris tian, and a faithful spouse, — Christopher Chevalier de Gluck, a great master in the sublime art of music. He died on the 15th November, 1787.' The following stanzas, by the Hon. Mrs. Norton, accompany a beautiful picture of David playing before Saul, in Fisher's Drawing Boom Scrap Hook, for 1847:— THE POTTER OP MUSIC. Oh ! magic spell that rule3t o'er the hearts Of old and young, — of ignorant ?nd wise, — Spirit that Hesl hidden in the chords From which no winged form it seen to rise : Whence art thou f Wherefore canst thou sooth or rouse, Enchant to rapture, or subdue to grief? Whence the faint pining for vague Melodies To give the sad and burdened soul relief? The old man hearcth suddenly by chance Some air familiar in his vanished years, — Dim falls the shadow 'neath his drooling lids, Add all his melting soul dissolves in tears! The Switzer serving in a foreign land, Under the milder glow of southern fides, — The mountain music o'f his childhood hears, And straightway sickens, pines away, and dies. Quick grows the heatinsr of the Lover's heart ; — A woman's pulse sinks fainting in the throng,— The one has heard a balla-l that he knows, — The other listeus to a cradle song ! The one beholds a visionary face Uplifted to his own for loving praise, — The other fees a little curly head, Low buried, long ago, in hopeful days. And many a heart, tho* firmly nerved to bear, Will open to that key of magic sound; When tones that never more can thrill with life Coiiie with pale ghosts of memory crowding round. Then, while the unknown echoes wander by, Which strangers hear not, in our own sad breast, We look on things around with vacant eye Dreaming of those who dwell in silent rest ! 