CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, REDFERN. THE foundation stone of the above church was laid, as advertised, on Tuesday last at four o'clock in the afternoon. The day was re- markably fine, and a great number of respec- table persons from Sydney, as well as from the immediate neighborhood, were present to wit- ness the ceremony. The service was com- menced by the singing of a hymn ; the 132nd psalm was then read ; after which the Rev. John Saunders offered up an appropriate prayer for the sanction and blessing of the Most High God. When he had concluded, the Rev. Dr. Ross addressed the spectators to the following effect :- "We are now about to lay the foundation stone of a building to be erected on this ground-which building when finished will be devoted to the public worship and service of the One living and true God- and in this respect it will differ from all the heathen temples to be found in different parts of the world. You are aware that there are vast numbers of our fel- low-creatures who make their own gods-gods which have eyes but see not, and ears but hear not, and hands but handle not. We are not like them-the God in whom we believe in the living God, the true God, and the everlasting King. He is the Creator of heaven and earth, the Lord of angels and men, the Sovereign of this vast universe of which we form a part the Upholder of all things-the blessed and the only Potentate who alone hath immortality, the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. In Him resides omnipotent power, unfathomable wisdom, and boundless benevolence, whilst in his essential nature he is infinite, eternal, and independent. To this great and mighty Being will the building to be erected on this spot be dedicated. We know that the heaven of heavens cannot contain Him, far less any house that can be raised by the hand of man, but we have his own assu- rance that wherever his name is recorded, there ho will meet with his people, and that to bless them. Thus do we hope to furnish the passers by, and the neighbouring resideuts, as well as all who shall from time to time enter within the walls of the proposed edifice, with a per- petual remernberance that theie is a God, whom they are bound to fear, and love, and obey ; to whom they are constantly indebted for the pre servotion of their life, and the enjoyment of every earthly privilege and comfort-a being who though invisible, is ever near them-the daily witness of their conduct, and their future Judge-a being of infinite perfection, and of great lower and glory, with whom they are most intimately connected, on whom they are entirely dependent, and to whom they are in- dividually reBponsible,.whose favour it ought to be their highest sim to possess, and whose frown ought to be the object of their greatest dread. To Him, and not to the gods which have not made the heavens and the earth, will this edifice be dedicated. " Upon this foundation we propose to erect the building in which God will be worshipped after a Christian manner; and in this respect it will differ from the synagogue of the Jew, and the mosque of the Mahomedan, as well as the temple of the Heathen. It is to be a Christian Church, where the worship offered up to God will be offered up through the mediation of the Lord Jesus Christ, his only begotten and well-beloved son, and in dependence upon the sacred influence of the Holy Ghost ; where the Divine being will be recognised, and adored, and made known as the Triune Jehovah; where prayers and praises will be addressed to Jesus as God ; where his incarnation, and suf- ferings, and death, will be proclaimed, as having been undertaken and endured for the guilty children of men, where salvation through faith in his atoning blood, as of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world, will be preached ; and where sinners of every class, of every oge, and of every character, will bo invited to repent and be converted, to believe and be saved. _ " In this building no visible representations of the Father, no portraits of the Son, no em- blematical figures of the Holy Ghost.lwill meet the eye ; nor will the worshipper be able to gaze upon images or pictures of the Virgin Mary, or any of the Saints. No altar will be found here in which the bloodless sacrifice of the Son of God will, from time to time, be offered up in the shape of broken bread, or wine poured out under the ceremony of what ¡8 called the Mass. No burning censor full of incense will spread its clouds of fragrance through this sanctuary, nor men of priestly name, clothed in gorgeous vestment, or arrayed in pontifical robes, officiate in the service of our God. No, all will bo plain and simple, and scriptural. The object of worship being a spirit, we will worship him in spirit and in truth. The mind chiefly will be called into exercise by truth, not the senses by ex: ternal representations The heart chiefly will be excited and affected, not the imagination. The understanding illuminated by the rays of Divine light will, we trust, control and regu- late under the direction of the word of God all the engagements of this sanctuary, so that it shall be a reasonable service. And in this re- spect will the building differ from those which are erected by our fellow-subjects who belong to the Roman Catholic communion. " The edifice to be erected upon this founda- tion will be a Congregational or Independent Church, and in this respect it will differ from those of other denominations of Protestant Christians-from the Episcopalian, the Wes leyan, and the Presbyterian. While we almost, if not altogether, agi ee with the evangelical por- tion of each of theso communions, hold the t same fundamental faith, and glory in the same great and important doctrines, determining to know nothing among men but Jesus Christ, and him crucified ; at the same time we differ from each of them in our views of Church go- vernment, as well as in other subordinate matters connected with church discipline. Do 1 you ask what are our peculiar views as Inde- pendents or Congregationulista ; I will tell you, without at the same time having the least desire, or the slightest intention, to give offence to those from whom we differ, being willing to concedo to them the same privilege of free and independent thought, which we claim for ourselves. As Cougregatiomilists we believe, 1st. That the invisible Church ol Christ is one, consisting of all who have been ' washed, and justified, and sanctified, in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the spirit of our God.' Whether they aro now in heaven or still residing upon earth-that the members of the invisible Church upon earth ought to form various visible Churches ; that a true visible Church is a congregation or society of believing men and women, meeting together in one place, whare the pure word of God is preached, and the ordinances of divine appoint- ment are scripturally administered,-and that none but converted men, believers in Chi ist Jesus, and who make a creditable profession of their faith, are, or ought to be, recognised as the members of any Christian Church. 2. We maintain that every such Church, consisting of believers only, has a right to elect its own ministers and deacons, and to manage all its affairs, sacred and secular, without the au- thoritative interference of any other Church or combination of Churches-of any man or body of men-whether they be kings or governments -whether they be councils or conferences whether it be Episcopalian convocations, or Prrsbyterian synods and assemblies. 3 We maintain as Congregationalists _ that man is responsible to God only for his religious belief; and that no man, be he who he may, whatever his learning, his rank, or his office, has a right to impose either his creed or form of worship upon any other man ; that each man ought to be as free to choose his own creed as he is free to breathe ; and that all pe- nalties, and fines, and disabilities, on account of religion, are opposed to the command of God, the rights of conscience, and the spirit of the Gospel. 4. We believe that Christ is the alone King and Head of his Church, and that for any man or woman to assume that title is to be guilty of blasphemy. We believe that the state has no right to interfere with religion, except to protect all men in the exercise of their religious privileges ; that the Churches of Christ ought not to be dependent upon the state for their support, but that each Church should defray its necessary ex- penses by voluntary contributions. ö. Wo maintain that tho Scripture, con- sisting of the Old and New Testament, is the only rule of faith and duty ; -that each man has a right to read it for himself-to interpret it, with all the proper assistance he can secure, for himself; and to act according to the view he is enabled to take of its meaning. It" is the gift of God, not to councils, not to priests, not to bishops, not to ministers and pastors only, but to the whole family of mankind-all aro equally interested in it-all have an equal right to it. Ho has appointed no infallible human interpreter of its pages. We maintain that the inspired word of God is not to be tried by creeds and confessions, and formularies of human composition, but that these must all be tried by the Word of God. " Such are our principles—some of them ex- clusively ours—others of them adopted and ad- vocated in whole or in part by other Christians, either individually or in connection with the body to which they belong,—principles which I trust we are prepared to maintain with our property and our lives ; principles in which are involved the true liberty and healthy free, dom of the human mind. " We propose to erect this building for the purpose of securing, in the first instance, the services of the Rev. Joseph Beazley, who we believe to be a man of God, who has laboured successfully in the Gospel for Borne years in a neighbouring colony, and whose ministration wc fervently pray may be bloBsed as the means of extensively promoting the glory of God in the salvation of innuy souls, iii this his intended new sphere of labour-and after it shall have pleased the great Head of the Church to remore him to the kingdom and the crown above«» for the further purpose of securing the services ot a succession of Godly men who Bhall, generation after generation, continue to proclaim among the people the unsearchable riches of Christ. Wc do cherish the pleasing hope that by the exhibi- tion of Christian truth within the walls that are here to be raised, in a simple, effectual, and earnest manner, many will bo instructed, sin- ners in great numbers saved, and the saints of God built up in thoir most holy faith. Wo do hope that in this neighbourhood, the young will be taught, the sick visited, and the aged consoled. " Our desire is not to spread Independency by itself, as if that were a matter of any con- sequence apart from the life and the spirit and the saving power of the Gospel. No-our grand desire is, that the glory of God may bo promoted in the conversion and salvation of men-and we believe that that object will be more effectually promoted in connection with Independency than in connection with any other system with which we are acquainted." Having concluded his address. Dr. Ross re- quested Mr. John Fairfax, one of the trustees, to perform the masonic part of the operations by using the trowel and the mallet-which he accordingly did-having first deposited in the foundation a bottle hermetically sealed, con- taining among other things the following inscription, written upon parchment: The foundation stone of An Independent or Congregational Church, to be erected upon this site By voluntary Subscriptions, for tho worship and service of The only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom he hath sent, was laid On Tuesday, the 16th day of March, 1847, In the 10th year of tho Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Charles A. Fitz Roy, C.G.H., being Governor of the Colony. By Robt Ross, M.D., Minister of the Congregational Church, Pitt-street, Sydney. The following gentlemen are the Trustees of the build- ing : Robert Bourne David Jones Ambrose Foss John Fairfax Joseph Thompson, senior George Alfred Lloyd James Comrie William Alexander Dobson Lawrence Myles Robert Garrett John Thompson Philip John Elliott. James Dawson John Bibb, Architect. A hymn was again sung ; the Rev. N. TUR NBK (Wesleyan), offered up prayer ; the Bene- diction was pronounced ; and thus closed a service in which the spectators seemed to take a deep interest-where great solemnity pre- vailed and the conduct of all was marked by the strictest decorum. 