1folttCS tic ?ntglltiggnCC. . LEtISLAtrVn COUNclL.-l?t is stated by those who have pretty good means of information, that the Governor will not dissolve tie Legislative Coun cil this year, but endeavour to prevent the double dissolution which would be necessary if the Council were now dissolved, and an Act separating Port Phillip were to take place next year. As the present Council. will not expire by effiuxiont of time until August, a short session might be held next year, commencing in April; and then there would be nIo occasion to issue ,rits for the ncw Council until 1819\. We merely mention this as a reptir, althlugh t ctiug upon pretty good fouundtlion ; but our own opinion is, that no course has yet been positively determined upon..and that no deciston will be made until the arrival of furtlthr news from England. If the Ministry determine upon erecting Port Phillip into a separate colony next year, which it is pretty certain will be the case, then we imagine no disso lution will take place; but should further informa tion be considered necessary, and separation be postponed for another year, then, as there must be a new Council, the dissolution will take place about the end of the year.-Hllerald. CoNvi rs vaoM Son?ar.--At a preliminary meeting held at Hobart Town, A Crombie, Esq., in the Chair, J. Allport, Esq., moved-and Captain Jacomb, RI.N., seconded-" That we have heard with horror and alarm a report that orders have been .received for removing to this colony a large number of doubly and trebly convicted olienders from New South Wales, and we are of opinion that a public meeting of the colonists should be called, for the purpose of adopting a petition to her Majesty agaitist this measure, and for the purpose of presenting a memorial to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, praying that the orders referred to may not be acted upon until the result of the intended petition to her Majesty be known." A Committee was then appointed to prepare a draft petition and memorial, and to con vene a public meeting on the 21st.-Launceslon EI.raminer. :alSli AND ScoTrci RELIcEP FUND.-Tlhe amounrt which has been recceived by the Sydney Committeu for the relief of the destitute Irish" and Scotch is about £'2tilS 13s. 7d., of this sum £Gi4 13s. 4d. is for "" immediate relief," and has been already re mitted to Europe. Rouueas.--Ou Friday night last, Sometime between the hours of seven and tell o'clock, the house occupied by Dr. Mallon, in Elizabeth-street, was entered by some prowler through tihe parlour window, antd a lady's work box cuntaiing a watch and several articles of jewellery, value between 301. and 40i1. was stolen therefrom. UATIIuaiST.-We have had no rain in B3athurst for the last six weeks, but there is every prospect of itscotnunccinbg this (Thursday) evening; ithas been threatening the whole day.- 'Correspoudenet. SnraIt.to v. -Huonus.-The evidence for the prosecution having been heard on a previous day, Mr. Jhnson yesterday, on thie ptr of the coum plainant addressed the bench thereun, and Mr. Martin was heard for the defence. Th'le matter was again postponed until Thursday next at at noon. CoatirtraL..-Yesterday, a womau natmed Ann M'cob was committed to take her trial for stealing a pocket book and papers front a Mr. Scott on Friday night last in Clarence-street ; and Neil Hawkins was conmmitted as anll accessory after the fact. As soon as the robbery had been ellicttel, tihe woman escaped down Eiskine-street, where she was followed by a coustuble who saw tile male prisoner join her. The pocket book was droppetd in tie street, but was subseqouently picked up by the con stable who took both the prisoners into custody. 'lt At rKtC.ALs.-Shakspeare's '" Ilauae." was produced yesterday evening at the Victoria, but we doubt mtuch if the immortal bard of Avon ever co:n templated the possibility that the splendid soliloqtuies which lie has placed in the mouthl of the Prince of Denmark would beao hardly dealt with as they. were last night by Mr. Moreton King. This gentlemani may improve inl time, but lie must be more correct in his reading and in his pronounciation, and must also be far more natural in his style of acting, hi fore lhe can hope to obtain permanent success. IHe would do well to read arid digest the advice which, as HIamlet, he gave to the players; by attendting to which he might perhaps avoid the extremnes of stage rant,and meaningless drawling, into which lie oc casionally falls. Mr. Grilliths played tile Ghost most admirably, but as far as the termination of the *third act, when we left, we did not observe anything else worthy of particular notice. 