ABOUT A BAROMETER. a yankey tale. It was near eight o'clock in the evening, when the overseer of a plantation in the interior of this State, was roused from a half kind of stupor, caused by the combined influences of the heat of the weather and the odour of some genuine Havanna leaf, by the shrill cry of "House! house! Haint there nobody t' hum here ?" 44 Jim !" shouted the overseer; looking towards the nerrrn nnarters. " fro to the irate, and sea what on earth all that bawling's about." . Obeying the order, Jim hastily unbarred the gate, and there drove up one of those nondescript vehicles known as a) Yankee pedlar's waggon. There emer ged from the vehicle aforesaid, a curious specimen of nature's handiwork. He was a tall, slim man, with a pair of suiall twinkling grey .eyes; a'nose whose only occupation seemed to be to snuff and twitch whenever its owner spoke. The mouth of the indi vidual was ornamented witli a slight pucker, and his whole appearance denoted that he wished to place himself in the smallest space possible,. In proof of this, his bell- crowned hat stuck directly on the top of his head ; his coat and vest had evidently belonged to a younger brother, and his pantaloons fitted him like India rubber. Yts,in one thing he was profuse, and that was what he termed " his har " Jt was beauti ful hair — in color a " delicate ginger," or may be what the urchins would call a " yeller taffy color" It was combed behind his ears, and fell in graceful negligence on the hack of his cuat. In fact, to take him for all in all," at first sight, one would be im pressed with the idea that nature had made Joel ?'pry, for such was his name, at the very lowest terms of the most ordinary material, and on the very cheap est scaie. "Wa-al,"said he, after surveying Mr. Simmons, the overseer, for a second or two, 4> your name be'ant H'dson— no, not Hudson, Tomkins; no, darn the name i And artur studying that book on nimo- tichny (inneraotechny), too, that tells allers what people forgit, only tu think that I can't think of — Oh, now I got it! Your name be'ant a-a-Jenk— 1 I .ay, mister what mought be your name ?" " Simmons," answered the overseer. 44 Wa-al, now, ony to think. I thought of that name all the while, and yet I couldn't git it out. Why, mister, the man what keeps the plantation ad- jinin' your'n told me that you was almighty clever, and said he thought as how I mought du a little tia- din' with you." " Well," said Simmons, "What have you got to sell ?» 44 Sell ?" said Joel, with a look of wonder, 44 what have I got to sell ? Why, Mistur Simmons, I have got all on airth that kin be sold. Calicoes, potash, cutlery, calomel, broadcloth, buttons, yarn, nutmegs, allspice, clocks, thermometers, barometers— — " . And as if a sudden thought struck him, he looked appealingly in ths overseer's face, and in a voice ol the utmost solicitude, said, ' Neow, Mister Simmons, du you want a fust-rate ia-rometer? You don't know how much you could save. It'll tellByou when it's a'goin to rain, and when it's a'goin to shine — when tu plant, and when tu hoe— when tu— " " Oh," said Simmons, cutting Mr. Spry very short, " I'll bet you fifty dollars against all you have in your waggon, that 1 have an old blind nigger here, who can tell the changes of the weather with more pre cision than the best of your barometers !" "I swow!" chuckled Mr. Joel Spry to himself, " if here be'ant a chance tu make the pewter, then I'm davned ! Simmjns? "I'm your man; down with the dollars, and I'll unload the waggon." Suiting the action to the word the bet was speedily arranged. Mr. Juel Spry, with great c .re, took out of the waggon two large boxes, one marked " dry goods," and the other "fancy articles and had them carefully deposited in the overseei's room. "Now," said he, after taking a stiff glass of Mo- nongahela," it's a gittin' late, and, I want tu com mence. Bring forth the nigger that'll match this 6a-ronieter !'' " Here, Jake !'' bawled the overseer. Forthwith there hobbled from the negro quarters an old Ethi opian, three shades darker than charcoal, as blind as a bat, and four times as ugly. 44 Har, massa, har am old Jake." " Jake, what kind of weather are we going to have to-morrow ?" " Cloudy wedder, massa, clody wedder. Old Jake's big toe feel like de debbil to-night. " Wa-al, if that don't beat all that ever I hearn tell on, I wish I may be darned," said Mr. Spry, with a horse-laugh. " Ony tu think, a blind nigger tellin' the state of tr.e weather by b>s toes! Oh! Jehosaphat !" " Well, sir, and what says the barometer?'' said Simmons. " Says ? Wby it says clear, light winds, and not a drop of rain 1" "We'll see," said the overseer. " Jim, fodder this horse, and put the waggon under the shed. Mr. Spry this is your room. Good night, sir." 44 Good night, Mr. Simmons. But wait a while, neow, da take care. of them b«xes. 1 got nearly four hundred dollars' worth ol goods in 'em, and if the cutlery gits damp, or the calicoes git siled,l shall be ruined." With this injunction the parties retired to rest. The next morning, when they awoke, the sky was overcast, and the aspect of nature protended a lung fall of rain, " Aha ! what did old Jake tell you, IJjlr. Spry," was the first remark of the overseer. 44 Wa-al, neow, the quicksilver m my fea-rometer must a'been damp. But I say, now, friend Simmons, you'll let me have another trial. You won't take all that a poor feller's got on airth, just on account of the quicksilver's bein' damp ?" " Oh, no," said the good natured Simmons," you may try every day for a week — your board and your horde's feed shall cost you nothing, but at the end of that time, I must either have .your goods, or you must have ray fifty dollars.'' Mr. Joel Spry concluded the bargain with some apparent hesitation, but seemed resolved to make the best of a bad bargain. Every night Spry's baro meter was pitted against old blind Jake's toes, and regularly every morning the toes came off victorious. Spry, who eat all the while like a horse, and ac tually commenced getting fat, declared on every suc cessive morning that " he should be ruined past re demption." He tore bis hair : clenched his bauds, cursed old Jake for a hobgoblin, and swore that had he been born in Sa.etn, he would have been hung for a wizard. At last the seventh day came.' It had rained for six days previous without intermission, and now,as old Jake, through his science in toeology, had pre dieted the night previous, in opposition to the indica tions of Spry's barometer, the sun shone bright and beautiful. Spry took bis mare from the stable, and liarntssed her in his waggon. With tears in bis eyes, be bade the negroes, who were laughing at him, good-bye, and actually gave old Jake the barometer Vhich had cost him so much trouble. " Simmons," said he," you've won the bet fairly — take the things, tmd keep 'em— and never say agin that you never knew an honest Yankee pedlar." " Well, well, good-bye," said Simmons, " I wanted to teach one of you Yankees a lesson, and I guess that 1 have given you what you deserve." " Wa-al," sobbed Mr. Spry, in a most melancholy tone," it can't be help'd. Good-bre, Simmons. Get up, Nabby— git up, you tarnal critter!" So saying, he appiied the lash to Nabby, and she moved away at an astonishing rate. When Spry had got outside the gate, he turned around and said in a loud nasal twang : " I say Simmons ! Them boxes of mine is full of goods! Full to the brim, with brickbats and corr.-staiks! Got a week's board and lodging, and horse-feed for nolhin! I know'd it was agoin tu rain for a week, and i hat 1 could't travel ! That ba rometer of mine is patent and no mistake! I say Simmons, how is old Jake's toes? Gee up, old Nabby!" " Here, Jim, get my.gun!" said Simmons in a ter rible fury. " 1 diaw'd, the load out afore you was up, this morning," shouted Spry, who was now out ol danger. ' Well," said Simmons, almost out of breath with anger, '4 if ever I see a Yankee pedlar on this plan tation again, if I don't shoot him I wish I may loose a year's pay Take your wife's opinion, and act in oppostion to it. — Sadi. Do you follow the hydiodhic system? Not ex actly ; but I am quite sure our milkman does. Who were ine most wonderluL people of ancient times? The Roman lictors, because they carried their/asces in their hands. 4 Why in heaven's name, do they call these fellows Stags?" said Captain Polhill. 44 1 can't answer that my dear lellow,' replied R- , 4 but looking at their rags, you see it is impossible to call them Bucks. A young woman of Ohio is so modest, . that she calls socks the ' the covering of a person's founds- liens." About 1,400 newspapers are published in the United States. Their editors are the real governors of the country. When Admiral Nelson's arm as cut off, the sur- geon asked bim if he should not embalm it, to send it to England to be buried; buths said, "Throw it into the hammock, with the brave fellow that was killed beside me"— a common seamen. The American Tom Thumb was on his way to the races at Quimperle, in France, with 44 his suite," when his carriage was seized by four men in masks, and driven off —no one knows whither ! Some per sons fancy that he lias fallen among thieves — others, dreaaing the worst, believe hi ui to be lost among ladies. But certain it is he is missing, English Sailors and Wooden Shoes. — At Phalsbourg the men had excellent barracks ; but thy were now in a most deplorable state. from want of clothes, and lame from journeying barefoot. To supply the place of shoes, a number of sabots, or wooden shoes, in value about threepence per pair, were seat in ; but it was not until stern necessity rendered is necessary that the sailors could be induced to put them on, One, actually with tears in his eyes, exclaimed with an expletive 44 Who would have thought I should come to this 1" — Brenton's Me moirs. Big Lip and Large Mouth.—1 The lip of a whale, taken in the north-west this season, gave eighteen barrels of oil, and the bone of his mouth measured seventeen feet in length. The body was last; but he was said to be the monster of Kamtschalka. The Stride of a Race Horse.— The averrge stride at lull speed is twenty-one feet. But there are many exceptions to the rule. Flying Childers was the swiftest horse, it is generally ad. mitted, that ever ran a course. The opinion is somewhat questionable. Nevertheless, the ground; covered by Flying Childers, at the utmost stretch of his stridej was five and twenty lee t. The stretch o f Pliilo do Puta, when he won the St. Ledger in 1815, was twenty-four feet three inches aud a half: The stride of Blackluck— the next stride after .be had passed the post, when he was defeated by Ebnor unseen by J? ckson, was the finest horse of modern, days — at the top of his speed, with hs neck level with his back, his head on one side, and whisking his tail, and 8st. 7ib. on the saddle, was twenty-five feet exactly. Somnambulism —When on a voyage to New York, we had not been four days at sea, before an occurence of a very singular nature broke our quiet. It was a Ghost! One night, when all was still and dark, and the ship ro ling at sea before the wind, a man sprung suddenly on jdeck in his shirt, his hair erect, his eyes starting from their sockets, and loudly - vociferating that he had seen a ghost. After his hor ror had a little subsided, we asked him what he had seen ? He said he saw the figure of a woman dressed in white, with eyes of flaming fire ; that she came to his hammock and stared bim in the face. This we treated as an idle dream, and sent the frantic fellow to his bed. The story became the subject of every one; and the succeeding night produced half-a- dozeu more terrified men, to corroborate what had hap pened to the first; and all agreed in the same story, that it was a woman. The inruonr daily increasing, at length came to the ears of the captain and officers, who were equally solicitous to discover the true cause of this |terrific report. I placed myself night by night beneath the hammocks, to watch its appearance, but all in vain ; yet still the appearance was nightly, as usual, and the horrors and fears of the people ra ther caily increased than diminished. A phantom ol this sort rather amused than perplexed my mind; and when I had given over every idea of discovering the cause of this strange circumstance, and the thing began to wear away, I was surprised one very dark night, as seated under the boats, with a stat-ly figure in white s'alking along the decks 1 The singularity of the event struck my mind that this must be the very identical ghost which had of late so much dis turbed the ship's company. I therefore instantly dropped down, from the place I was in, to the deck on which it appeared, and made after i, when it passed immediately vety quiekly, turned round, and marched directly forwards. I followed it closely, through the gallery, and out at the head-doors, when the figuie instantly disappeared, which very much astonished me. I then leaped upon the forecastle, and asked of the people who were walking there if such a figure had passed them ? They replied, No 1 with some emotion and pleasure, as I had ever 'idicaled all their reports on this subject. However, 'this night's scette between me and me ghost became he theme of the ensuing day. Nothing particular transpired till twelve o'clock, when, as the people weie pricking at the tub for their beef, it was disco vered Jack Lutton was missing, . The ship's compa ny was dir> ctly mustered, and Jack was no where to be found. I then inquired of his messmates the character ot the man ; and, afier a number ot interro gatories, oue of them said, that Jack Lutton used to tell them a number of comical jokes about his w.»;k ing in his sleep. Now the mystery was unravelled; and this terrific ghost, which had go much alarmed all the sailors, now proved to be the unfo-tunate poor Jack Lutton, who had walked overboard in his dream. The first fellow who spread this report, and who showed such signs o horror, was lound, ot. inquiry, to be a most flagitous villia a, who had mur dered e woman, who he believed always hauntea him ; and the appearance of this sleepwalker con firmed in his mind the ghost of the murdered fair one ; for, in such cases, conscience is a busy monito", and ever active to its own paio and disturbance. — Dr. Binus' Anatomy sleep. Carus Wilson is taller than was the pool Charles Freeman, the American giant — how comes it then that they were both of the same height ? — Because one was seven feet high and the other is 6even feet two too). In sunsequence of the important events which have so speedilv followed the vegetable murrain, the late premier will in future ages bekuowu as 44 Potato Peel." The railway mania has so interwoven itself with the social system of France, that we have heard of a very unspeculative eentleman who never accosts a lady except as Ma S hare Amie. You take the 44 benefit,'' of course : you've seen enough of life to krep by you as much of your credit ors' money as will buy you a legal acquitauce for the test. In Mexico, the custom is, when a due has been fought, to erect a cross on the sdo'. and every on that passes by throws a stone at the cross. Some ingenious Yankees have taken advantage of thiscus- torn to clear stony land, by erecting crosses where no duel has been fought. A noble lord ordered his bricklayer to stucco his house down in the best manner. The bricklayer, not doing it to his lordship's liking, and charging more than he expected, the latter exclaimed, in a violent fit of passion, 44 You are an arrant knave." "Am 1 1" said the bricklader. Just as your lord ship spoke, the clock struck two" A few days ago a genuine son of the 44 Gtm of the Sae" was informed by his landlady that in conse. quence of the wet harvest and the potato44 disease," the loaf would be up a penny in a day or two. "Arrah by St. Patrick," says he, 44 and what's that to me— what care I if It were half-a-crown ? sure ye knows 1 buy all my loafs in penn'orths. There was one of the largest congregations ever known at a village church, not twenty miles from Ipswich, a short time since, during a visit ot Sir Robert Peel al the seatof a gentleman in the parish. The rural population went to chureh in the fuil ex pectation of hearing Sir iiober Peel preach, as they had heard he was the " Prime Minister. " I fear," said a country curate to his flock, 44 when I explained to you, in ray last charity sermon, that phiiantrophy was the love of our species, you must have understood me to say 4 specie,' which may ac. count for the smallness of the collection. I hope yo will prove, by your present contribution, that you no longer labour under the same mistake.'' The regular routine ol clerkly business ill suited the literary tastes and the wayward though innocent habits of the late Charles Lamb, the essayist. Once, at the Indian House, one in authority said to him — 44 I have remarsed, Mr. Lamb, that yon come very late of a morning !" 44 Yes, sir,'' replied the wit, fl but I go awav early in the evening." The oddnes of the excuse silenced the reprover, who turned awao with a smile. A Manx matron was lately visited by an Irish egg. cadger, proposes to purchase her stock at the rate of nine for fourpence. The woman, who evidently cal culates less by figures than by her fingers, indig nantly spurned the low offer ; and the price being left to herself, she insisted on not selling except at the rate ot five for twopence. Faddy could see no thing unreasonhbie in the demand, and immediately struck a bargain. the queen. Listen 1 I'll tell you something new : The Queen a subject cannot be And yet she is a subject too; For she's my subject—isn't she? V 