BRITISH INTELLIGENCE. (From our November files.) Silvio Pellico, whose name is so well known in Europe from the account of his sufferings, was on a visit recently to M. de Lamartine, at his chateau in Burgundy. At the recent Carmarthenshire Quarter Sessions, a man of the name of Thomas Phillips was convicted by mistake, the jury with one exception being almost entirely ignorant of the English language. The foreman was understood to say Guilty, when the jury (all Welsh) meant Not Guilty! A new Hungarian dance called the Csorder is all the rage in Germany, and likely to supersede the Polka. A new Military Quadrille, called the British Army, had been introduced by M. Jullien. At its first performance, besides the usual orchestra, the picked players from the four bands of the 2nd Life Guards, the Royal Horse Guards, (Blue,) the Grenadier Guards, and the Coldstreams assisted. When the concluding "See the conquering hero comes" was heard, he was saluted with military honours every stick in the pit was raised with a hat or handkerchief at the top, imitating the gyrations of the illustrious chief orchestra. The monster concert was held in Covent Garden Theatre, and it was estimated that above 4,000 persons were present. The Londoners appear to have been wondrously amused with the feats of Herr Amidi Neuporte, the great Dutch Equilibrist. One of his feats, called the bottle feat, is a very striking performance The circle at Astley's is his arena; and there he places a four-legged stool each leg upon a bottle, and another bottle upon the stool: he then raises himself until his feet reach the neck of the bottle upon the stool, and thus he rests ; whilst in each hand he twirls a plate on the top of a stick, and a third plate is similarly placed in his mouth ; thus forming the apex of one of the most extraordinary pyramids ever witnessed. It is currently reported that Jenny Lind has fallen in love with a young Swedish Protestant Minister of the Evangelical Church, and that so soon as she has amassed sufficient to bring to him a rich marriage portion, she will marry him. For this reason she has refused the many brilliant offers made to her by theatrical managers from all parts of Europe, her lover, it is said, having imbued her mind with his own somewhat austere notions of the drama and the stage. The Eton Mortem will be discontinued after its next celebration in May, 1847. a letter from Brighton, under date of Wednesday, A. "li is quite clear, from the constant removal 6 inches from the Palace, that Her Majesty has lied not again to honour the Pavilion with her resolved not to have been for some days pressed in backing up the china and a variety of engaged in packing p m uncovered ÍÍffigJÍ"hii kitchen has been nearly emptied of " Field-Marshal the Duke of Wellington has most kindly presented Mr. Richard Hoghton, youngest son of Sir Henry Bold Hoghton, Bart., with a baronetcy to Her Majesty's 9th Lancers, without purchase, in consideration of the gallant services to? his uncle, the late Major General Hoghton. Sers from Berne announce that the new Pope was carrying out the reforms he had projected wah "eat vigour, and had sent one of his more factious Sinais to the Castle of St. Angelo. This was So cardinal who publicly proclaimed the Pope to be a conspirator against the Holy Church, and called upon the people to rise in defence of their Accompany has been established to supply the community with pure wheaten bread at a profit of five per cent, on the actual cost of the material, expenses of making, &c.; The company, it is said, will commence operations in the metropolis early in December. They profess to be able to sell the 4lb. loaf at one-third less price than that charged at present by the bakers. A further portion of that notorious place, in the St. Giles's Bookery, called Lawrence-street, has been enclosed, previous to the demolition of the houses. A row of buildings is to be erected on their site, to be called St. Giles's Crescent. There is now only one part of this labyrinth of courts and alleys remaining, termed Church-lane, containing about 20 houses. A correspondent of the Times points out the discrepancy of the prizes given by the West Bucks Agricultural Association. To the owner of a fat pigs 5 guineas were given to a labourer who had brought up 19 children without parochial help, 40s. Government had decided to make the Cove of Cork a naval station. The New York Tribune, alluding to the often fatal consequences of inhaling steam, recommends all steam-boat travellers to keep their mouths shut when the boiler bursts. Since the stoppage of Westminster Bridge, the tolls, per day of 12 hours, at Waterloo Bridge, have amounted to £44 9s. 9d. The daily average of foot passengers is 2,400. It is remarkable that one vote carried the American tariff of 1824; one vote the tariff of 1828; one vote in each House that of 1842; and by one vote in the senate the tariff of 1846 became law. Miss Fry, of Massachusetts, has recovered 365 dollars from Mr. Frost for a breach of promise of marriage. He courted her one year, and the jury allowed her a dollar a day. In England there is one insane person to every 783 inhabitants; in Scotland one in 573; and in Norway one in 551. Khooja Assaad Yakoob Kayot, described as a native of Bey root, and dressed in the Syrian costume, had been lecturing in different towns in Essex on the history and present state of Palestine. The annuities lately bequeathed to a Hampstead lady's pug and tabby, duly chronicled in a former number of the Courier, have been declared void. The " Post" recommends their afflicting case to the notice of the Animals' Friend Society. A late packet from England to America took out 66,000 letters and newspapers. A correspondent of the Birmingham Journal says that, according to a private letter received from Hobart Town, dated April 20, the three Welsh chartists were occupied as follows: Frost was a clerk or warehouseman in a grocery warehouse ; Williams a police constable and Jones employed, with a good salary, by a watchmaker at Launceston. The Helena, on her voyage from Batavia to Canton, when in latitude 16 N. and longitude 25 E., fell in with immense fields of floating pumice stones. The Rev. M. A. Kellock, of New York, has offered a prize of fifty dollars for the best track, not to exceed twelve pages, on the propriety of dancing by church members. It is estimated that 30 steamboats on the western rivers of America are lighted with gas, made by apparatus in the vessel from the grease of the kitchen. The city of Turin is also lighted with gas, which is manufactured from Newcastle coal, shipped to Genoa, and which costs three guineas a ton. The yams in Jamaica are said to be affected with a disease similar to that which has attacked the potato. The turnpike tolls from Newington Gale to East Grinstead, Sussex, had been let for 1847 at the highest amount ever given, viz. £30,250. The Quicksilver, the last remaining stage coach from Salisbury, had ceased to run. The present distance of the new Planet, expressed in common measure, is about 3,200,000,000 English miles from the sun, and about 3,100,000,000 miles from the earth. Le Verrier, who discovered it, has received the decoration of the Legion of Honour. During the last twelve months, in comparison with five years ago, Roman Catholic missionaries sent to distant lands to convert the heathen have been quadrupled. There are 12,000 females employed in the factories of Bradford, Yorkshire, 1,000 of whom are under 13 years of age. a Dr. Bowring calculates the consumption of wine in France, in the rural districts, at 16,500,000 gallons and in the towns to double that amount, or thirty-three gallons per head. The Hampshire Telegraph says, an order had recently been received and executed by a Devonshire firm, for a supply of champagne cider for the special use of Her Majesty. ' 2" The Rev. Dr. Pusey had been present at the consecration of a new church recently erected by Sir John Gladstone, in Kincardineshire. The number of private habitations in France is about 6,900,000. It' is in immediate contemplation, with a view to improve the sanatory state of the metropolis, to erect abattoirs, or public slaughter-houses, in the outskirts of the capital. A letter from London to the Paris Constitutionnel states, as an authentic piece of information, that Prince Louis Napoleon is about to lead Miss Burdett Coutts to the hymeneal altar. The Morning Post of yesterday, with reference to this report, says : "This statement has been in our possession for some days, but it appeared to us too absurd for notice. As we find, however, that the story has crept into some of the London papers, we think it necessary to state, on the best authority, that there is no foundation whatever for the announcement." A commission for taking evidence in the long protracted suit respecting Lady Hawley's charity is now on a circuit of the northern counties. The original suit was instituted by the a Independents" for the purpose of, and was successful in, dispossessing the Unitarians of the trust and estates, on which both the Established Church of Scotland, and also the Secession Church of that country, asserted a claim to the trust property, to the exclusion of the independents." The present proceedings have reference to the respective rights of these three ' Mines of' sulphuret of zinc have" been lately discovered in Cumberland. The old College of Killarney has been changed into a barrack. At the two hotels of Ballinasloe, in two days during the great fair, 2,400 turkeys were slaughtered for the guests. In 1894, the average cost of producing a piece of calico in Manchester was £1 3s. 10d. in 1829, it was 5s. 11d. The Times commissioner says there is twice as much land uncultivated and redeemable in Scotland than England, and half as much more as in Ireland. There are 112 barrack canteens in the three kingdoms. The highest rent paid is that at Woolwich, being let for £1943 18s. 6d. Police returns show that the amount of property stolen in twelve months in Manchester, was £13,213 in Liverpool, £7,582. Recovered in Manchester, £9,53 and in Liverpool. £2,890. The Bank of England pays £30,000 per annum as income tax. At a recent meeting to establish a Juvenile Refuge in a large provincial town, the Archbishop of Dublin said they could educate fifty children at the same cost as would keep one soldier. During the winter months a daily average of 800 tons of coal is used at the metropolitan gas works. A Paris journal gravely asserts that Scotland feels herself aggrieved and degraded at being the vassal of England that the reading of the novels of Sir Walter Scott has revived the patriotism of her people and that they are determined to throw off the English yoke. Of 5400 crimes sent for trial in Spain in one year, 3000 were for murder. Spanish wives do not take their husbands' names. Never, says the John O'Groat Journal, within the memory of man, or of the " oldest inhabitant," has there been such a fine harvest as this year in the Orkneys. There are said to have been 5000 residents at Baden the last season, and 100,000 have visited by railroads to go home in the evening. Fatness is the criterion of female beauty in Barbary, and young women are fattened by special diet just as poultry. The Welshman says that Father Matthew is of a very ancient Welsh family, the records of the Principality showing he is descended from Gwnythvod, King of Cardigan. Six marriages were solemnized at Preston, in Lancashire, on the first Sunday in September, and out of the twelve newly-married persons only one could write his name. Of the twelve witnesses to the ceremony not one could write. Thus, of twenty four whose signatures should be in the register, twenty-three had to affix marks ! The narrow slip of ground called the Burlington Arcade, in Piccadilly, London, containing 72 houses, produces an annual rental of £8460. The number of soldiers in the receipt of pensions is above 50,000. The in-door pensioners of Chelsea Hospital are about 500. A paper in Philadelphia, edited by coloured men, says-" If a white girl is sober, careful, and industrious, she should be as much respected and taken care of as a coloured lady." The Royal Library of Paris contains a Chinese chart of the heavens" made about 600 years before Christ, in which 1400 stars are correctly inserted ; a mop of China is in preservation made 1000 years B. C, which nearly accords with the actual surveys made by the Jesuits in 1700 A. D. In Mark-lane, 2759 carriages have been known to pass in one day. The average number of carriages is 224. There are in England 294,088 females more than males in Scotland the females outnumber the males by 126.352; and in Wales by 16,404. So that there are in the United Kingdon 434-904 ladies who must be reconciled to lead a life of single blessedness. A policeman has been dismissed from the Birmingham police because he refused to go down a lane which was on his head, where he said he had seen his uncle's ghost. Land along the Glasgow and Edinburgh Railway which, previous to its construction, was not worth 5s. per acre, now commands a rent of from 30s. to 40s. A manufacturing wire-worker, in an advertisement in the Times newspaper, invites the public to come and see his invisible wire fences. France is divided into 44,000 communes, each of which has its mayor. There are in or near London, 41 Charles-streets, 29 Church-street, 21 George- streets, 23 High streets, 28 John-streets, 35 King-streets, 23 New streets, had 23 Queen-streets. A correspondent of the Builder estimates that the metropolis pays for laundry work five millions yearly. A new Pacha of Aleppo, to the astonishment of the whole country, refused the presents it is the custom to offer an eastern magnate on his appointment to high office. In a recent lecture at the Liverpool Mechanics' Institute, Mrs. Balfour laid it down as a proposition, that the reigns of female sovereigns in all countries, and in all times, had produced a literary era. Tait's Magazine has now become the property of those enterprising booksellers, Messrs A. and C. Black, the original proprietor, Mr. Tait, being about to retire from business. According to the Nonconformist, the human race would be extinct in eleven years if the mortality were as great as it is in the English garrisons in Jamaica, Hongkong, Ceylon, and elsewhere. The registered boatmen in Constantinople and its immediate suburbs number about 19,000, with about 16,000 boats. The expenditure for temporary buildings for the arrangement, preservation, management, and printing of the public records of England, since the year 1,800, has been at least £750,000. . There are 18,000 engines in Holland averaging a force of 90,000 horse-power, of which 60,000 are required to keep the country above water. Isaac Franklin, of Summer County, Tennessee, has bequeathed about 600,000 dollars to establish a seminary of learning in that country. Of 31,596 births in Paris during the year 1844, 10,430 were illegitimate; and of 27,360 deaths, 10,519 occurred in the public hospitals. The daily number of passengers who come and go to the Euston-square railway station, is estimated at 4000. 