ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. BY the Pestongee Bomangee we have received our files of British intelligence to the 21st October. The primary subject of discussion in the London journals was the marriage of the Queen of Spain; Her Majesty and Prince Albert were on a visit to the Queen Dowager at Cassiobury Park, near Walford. The Queen Dowager had invited a select circle of about thirty visitors to meet our august Sovereign and her illustrious husband. The Queen and the Prince consort were to leave on the 22nd for Hatfield House, the splendid seat of the Marquis of Salisbury. Her Majesty and Prince Albert contemplated a visit to Arundel Castle, the magnificent baronial residence of the Duke and Duchess of Norfolk, in the early part of November. The price of wheat continues to advance in all the principal markets, the Wakefield average being no less than 59s. 3d. per quarter. Since the sales were made on which that return is founded, prices have further advanced about 2s. per quarter, so that the average price of the whole kingdom is now certainly above 60?. per quarter. The Royal Spanish marriages were solemnised at Madrid on the night of the 10th October. The Gazette of that date had contained a decree, naming the Infante Don Francisco de Assisi, Field Marshal (Captain General in the army. A chapter of the Order of the Golden Fleece was held that evening in the palace, for the purpose of conferring on the Duke de Montpelier the Grand Collar of the Order. The Duke' d'Aumale acted as sponsor; the Infante Don Francisco de Assisi, his father, Don Francisco de Paula, and the Duke de Rianzares were present as knights. v. The Queen and her sister were richly dressed in. white. Don Francisco de Assisi wore the rich uniform of a Field Marshal, which was understood to have been a present to him from the Queen-Mother. He was decorated with the insignia of the Golden Fleece and the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour. The Dukes of Montpensier and d'Aumale were dressed in the uniform of French Generals, and they also wore the Collar of the Golden Fleece and the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour. v The Queen and her sister were given in marriage by their mother, and the same office was rendered by Don Francisco to his son. The Duke d'Aumale acted as father to the Duke of Montpensier. The witnesses on the part of Spain were, Cartanos Duke of Baden, and the Dukes of Castçoterreno and Rail fares on the part of France, the Duke d'Aumale, M. Bressow, and Baron Athalia, peer of France. The officiating Prelate commenced his functions by saying -" Senora Donna Isabella II. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, I demand of your Majesty, and of your Highness, Serene Sir, Don Francisco de Assisi Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain, in case you know of any impediments to this present marriage, and why it could not and ought not to be con- tracted that is to say, if there exists between your Majesty and Highness impediments of consanguinity, affinity, or spiritual relationship, independently of those impediments that have been dispensed with by His Holiness if you have made vows of chastity or religion-and, finally, if there exist impedimenta of any other kind that you forthwith declare them. The same I demand of all here present. For the second and third time I make the same demand, that you freely discover any impediment you are aware of. After some moments of silence, no one replying, the Prelate addressed the Queen thus "Senora Donna Isabella II. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, do you wish for your spouse and husband, as the Holy Catholic, Apostolic and Roman Church directs, Don Francisco de Assisi Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain ?" The Queen kissed her mother's hand, and being again asked the same question by the Bishop, replied, "Yes, I wish." ' He then said, "Does your Majesty give yourself as spouse and wife to his Serene Highness Dun FranCisco de Assisi Maria de Bourbon?" The Queen answered, "Ido." , . ' "Dow your'Majesty receive and accept the sad Infante Don Francisco de Assisi Maria de Bourbon for your spouse and husband ?" "Yes, I receive and accept. The Bishop then addressed the Infante. a Most Serene Sir, Don Francisco de Assisi Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain, does your Highness wish for spouse and lawful wife Her Majesty Isabella II of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, as the Holy Roman Catholic and Apostolic Church directs ?" The Prince answered, " Yes, I wish. I. Does your Highness give yourself?" &c.; v. Yes, I do." " Does your Highness receive and accept as your house and lawful wife Don Isabella II. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain !" ( .. Yes, I do receive and accept. Then joining the hands of the Queen and Infante, and taking his crozier, the Bishop repeated in a slow and solemn voice, .. And I. on the part of Almighty God and of the happy Apostles, St. Peter and St Paul, and of our Holy Mother Church, join in matrimony your Majesty Senora Donna Isabella II. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, and your Royal Highness Don Francisco de Assisi Maria of Bourbon and this sacrament of matrimony I confirm in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." He then sprinkled holy water on the heads of the Queen and Prince, and performed the same ceremony \- its words only varying according to the different ranks of the parties-for the Infante and the Duke de Montpensier. The newly married people retired to their apart- ments at 11 o'clock, Don Francisco-toking an affectionate leave of his father and sisters, who left for their residence in the Retire. A correspondent of the Times, October 19, thus writes : " A paragraph which occurs in the Herald of this day, inserted perhaps with the intention of deceiving, would lead the public to suppose that the British Minister was present at the marriage ceremony last night. Sir. Bulwer was not present. "There were partial illuminations last night. The public buildings, Government offices, and the houses of a number of the grandees were illuminated. The house of the French Ambassador, as a matter of course, was most brilliantly lighted up. It was remarked that the balconies of the Neapolitan Minister, Prince Carina, were quite dark not a single torch or candle in the window The balconies of the British Embassy were lighted ; but it was solely on account of its being Her Majesty's birthday. There were very few private houses illuminated. "The ceremony of the vehicle took place this day at the hour, and in the manner, noticed in my yesterday's letter. The streets through which the procession passed were lined with troops from an early hour. "There were one or two cries of " Viva el Infante Don Francisco" and *. Viva la Reina" heard. But, notwithstanding the constant efforts of the Queen mother and the French Princes to attract public notice by bowing, smiling, nodding their heads, as, no notice was taken of them ; nor were their salutes returned. In the passage leading to the Chapel of Atocha, some well-dressed people raised their hats as the Infanta passed. The Duke of Montpensier availed himself of the occasion to return the salute. It was, however, by no means intended for him, but only for the sister of the Queen. The procession returned from the Chapel about 3 o'clock. " The day was fine, notwithstanding a smart breeze. The troops looked well: and the hangings in the balconies of the fine street of Alcala had a gay appearance. As far as the people were concerned, there were no signs of enthusiasm, nor anything approaching it. The Queen and her sister looked much as usual." The Madrid Gazette of the 12th instant publishes a Royal decree, conferring on the Prince Don Francisco de Assisi, Maria de Bourbon, the honorary title of" King," with the style of " Majesty." By another decree the son of Count Bresson (Her Majesty's godson,) is created a grandee of Spain, with the title of the " Duke de Santa Isabel." The illustrious young peer is ten months old. A brilliant levee was held on the 12th at the palace. Queen Christina was not present at the ceremony, but all the civil, military, and ecclesiastical authorities, and the foreign ministers, amongst whom was Mr. Bulwer, were in attendance. The Duke de Montpensier had presented M Donoso Cortes, the Queen's Secretary, the Political Chief of Madrid, the Duke de Veragua, the Marquis of Acapulco, and several high functionaries, with crosses of Grand Officers of the Legion of Honour. The prince had also given in his own name and that of his father a number of richly ornamented snuff boxes to the ministers, the master of the ceremonies of the palace, the Marquis de Santa Cruz, and Det Power, c, and bestowed large sums on the charitable establishments of Madrid. Louis Philippe had been informed by telegraph of the marriage of the Due de Montpensier to the Infanta of Spain. Already is misfortune augured from the leading incidents of a solemnity which should have made the year a jubilee. Amidst the sullen silence of an offended people, environed by cavalry and guarded by cannon, the intrusive bridegroom has traversed the streets of his newly-found capital through a crowd whose most friendly feeling was indifference, and whose most innocent sentiment was inquisitiveness. A retired officer of the army has been arrested on the charge of meditating the assassination of the Duke de Montpensier. His name is Olavarietta. He was arrested in the portico of the Royal Palace. Two pistols were found on him loaded with ball. In answer to questions asked him by the minister of the interior, he replied, that he had one pfttol to kill the Duke, and the other to kill himself. It appears that he was formerly the editor of a republican journal in Madrid, called El Huracin, (The Hurricane.) In addition to the balls, there was a quantity of slugs in each pistol. He had been arrested, it appears, in a gambling-house some hours previously, but set at liberty shortly afterwards, when he at once proceeded to the armoury, which is in front of the Palace. He made repeated inquiries while there, as to the moment of the arrival of the Princes, and was most particular as to the identity of the Duke de Montpensier. His curiosity was remarked by two or three policemen, who at once arrested him. Some believe that the pistols found on him were merely by way of precau- tion during the usual quarrels of a gambling-house, and that they were not intended to be directed against the Prince. Others account for his declaration to the minister of the interior, by saying, that it was made in a moment of madness, as some symptoms of derangement were previously noticed in him. The rumour went, but appeared without foundation, that he had already been condemned to death. The Political Chief had issued orders to the managers of theatres in Madrid, to permit no dramatic representation to be performed which contained any allusion to the French. The morning edition of the trainer Publico had been seized, for having published three or four lines stating the reception of the French princes was cold. El Espectador was condemned to pay a fine of 50,000 reals for an article wat was only in type, not published. El Tiempo, vet. 7, mentions that more than two hundred persons ¡gn»wraat«d in the course of yesterday and the day ! Letters from Barcelona, of the 4th, mention the arrival of two steamers of war. A part of the British squadron was also expected there. A rumour was afloat that the Prince de Joinville was shortly expected to arrive at) Madrid. . A priest, who had the impudence to complain of the enormous expenses attendant on the present festivities, while the clergy, whose property was taken by the Government, are perishing in destitution, had also been arrested in the square of St. Domingo. Mr. Bulwer returned from Aranjuez on the ninth of October. Letters from Galicia mention that the General second in command of the province left Pontevedra on the 3rd with all the disposable force. It was said he took the direction of Portugal. Accounts from Corunna partly confirm the intelligence, and state that the second in command had suddenly left that city, having been summoned in all haste by the Captain General Villa longa, who was on the 4th at Santiago. There were rumours of a threatened movement from Portugal. The Gazette of the 9th published the decree for raising a levy of 25,000 men, as voted by the Cortes. , Mr. Lloyd, the agent of the, Ormonde estates in Kilkenny, had issued a circular to the tenantry recommending the cultivation of the parsnip as the best substitute for the now Boomed potato; and on a certificate that the land is properly prepared and manured for its reception, the tenants were to be furnished with seed gratis. j A gentleman residing in Boston, a short time since, purchased two tickets of the agent of a foreign lottery, the price of one being £1, and of the other £10. The first came up a prize of; 10s., and he left that sum in the hands of the agent towards the payment of the second ticket. A bill was drawn upon him for the balance (£9 10s.,) and sent down to him for acceptance, and shortly after he received an urgent demand either for the completed bill, or for a return of the ticket. He adopted the latter course. The ticket was returned to the agent, and by the next post the gentleman who had so unfortunately abandoned it received an announcement that it had turned up a prize of £2,500. Of course the agent nets the sum. Every department in the Government of Portugal seems to be in the greatest confusion. Rumours of a regency in the name of the Infant Don Pedro, a youth of ten years of age, were becoming prevalent, and the distracted state of the country was attributed to the influence of a foreign power exercised over the Queen and Don Ferdinand. A statue of John Nicol is about to be erected in the court-yard of the great tobacco manufactory at Gros Carlton, in Paris. It was from this eminent naturalist that the tobacco plant derived its first name of Nicotiana. The ceremony of laying the first stone of a monu- ment in memory of Columbus took place recently at Genoa. The Marquis of Thomond has given £500 to the poor on his estates in Clare and Cork. The Berlin ian army are raising a subscription for a statue to King Leopold. A meeting of the directors of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures had been held, and a memorial was agreed to and forwarded to Lord John Russell. The memorialists, after expressing their deep apprehensions at the prospects which threatened the district, the great enhancement in the prices of food, and the dread with which they looked forward to the condition in which the people would be found next spring, implored the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to admit into the ports of the United Kingdom every species of food, necessary for daily subsistence, free of duty to permit it to be brought indiscriminately from every country by the vessels of any nation or flag and to allow in the distilleries and breweries the use of sugar and molasses, without reference to the vessels which had already brought or may hereafter import them ; believing that such a course would be approved by Parliament and applauded by the nation. A meeting of the corporation was about to be held to memorialize upon the same subject. Mr. Richard Cobden arrived at Madrid on the 9th October. The bread riots in the Fauxbourg St. Antoine were at an end, and the principal actors were about being tried. All the Spanish refugees, Carlista as well as Pro- gresses, were being removed from the frontiers, in order to be locked up in the gaols and fortresses in the interior; a measure which excited disgust in the minds of all liberal Frenchmen. On the 19th September a sea struck the Great Western on her passage to New York, and smashed the paddle-box to atoms, sprung the spring beam, &c.; ; a splinter struck the captain on the head, and would have knocked him overboard, but he was caught in the nettings. On the 21st she was again in the greatest danger from a tornado, which buried the gunwales of the vessel in the sea. The ship leaked on her arrival in port. A letter of thanks was presented to the captain and officers by the passengers, who subscribed £280 for the officers and crew. The Government of Mexico had declined to accept the overtures of the United States, for the termination of the war, until the will of the constituent Congress, convened for the 1st December, shall be determined. The Hamburgh brig Naiade, valued at 80 000 dollars, had been seized by the blockading squadron while attempting to break the lines, and sent a prize to New Orleans. The President had agreed to accept the offer of the Mexicans, to exchange the commander of the lost brig of war Truxton for General Vega, who was captured in the engagement of Reseca de la Palme. General Taylor has advanced as far as Seralvo, and General Arrpudia had arrived at Monterey, to take command. Ampudia has issued a proclamation, forbidding all intercourse between the Americans and the Mexicans, under pain of death. A report had been received to the effect that General Kearney's force had invested Santa Fe, and taken possession of the country without opposition. General Wool was in arms, and was preparing for an immediate march upon Chihuahua. " Thus," says the Washington Union, " three camps are in motion, and we expect to hear of decisive and successful results from all at no distant day." 