ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Silvio Pollico, whose name is so well known in Europe from the account of his sufferings, was on a visit recently to M. de Lamarfine, at his chateau in Bur- gandy. At the recent Carmarthenshire Quar- ter Sessions, a man of the name of Thomas Phillips was convicted by mistake, the jury with one exception being almost entirely ignorant of the English language The foreman was understood to say Guilty, when the jury (all Welsh) meant —Not Guilty ! A now Hungarian dance called the G?order is all the rage in Germany, and likely, to supersede the Polka. A new Military Quadrille, called the British Army, had been introduced by M.Jullien. At its first performance, besides the usual orchestra, the picked players from the four bands of the 2nd Life Guards, the Royal Horse Guards, (BIue,) the Grenadier Guards, and the Cold-streams assisted. When the con cluding ' See the conquering hero comes' was heard, he was tainted with military honours — every stick in the pit was raised with a hat or handkerchief at the top, imitating the gyrations of the illustrious chef d'orchestre. The monster concert was held in Covent Garden Theatre, and it was estimated that above 4,000 per- ons were present. The Londoners appear to have been wondrously amused with the feats of Herr Amidi Neuporte, [the great Dutch Equilibrist, One of his feats, called the bottle feat, it a very striking perform- ance. The circle at Astley's is his Arena ; and there be places a four-legged stool — each leg upon a bottle, and another bottle upon the stool ; he then raises -himself until his feet reach the neck of the bottle, upon the stool, and thus he rests ; whilst in each hand he twirls a plate on the top of a stick, and a third plate is similarly placed in his mouth ; thus forming the apex of one of the most extraordinary pyramids ever witnessed. It is currently, reported that Jenny Lind has fallen in love with a young Swedish Protestant Minister of the Evangelical Church, and that so soon as she has amassed sufficient to bring to him a rich marriage portion, she will marry him. For this reason she has refused the many brilliant offers made to her by theatrical managers from all parts of Europe, her lover, it is said, havlng imbued her mind with his own somewhat austere notions of the drama and the stage. The Eton Museum will he discontin- ued after its next celebration May 1847. In England there is one insane man to every 783 inhabitants ; in Scotland one id 573 ; and in Norway one in 551. Khooja Aasaad Yakoob Kayot, des- cribed as a native of Beyroot, and dressed in the Syrian costume, had been lecturing in different towns in Essex; on the his- tory and present state of Palestine. \- -The aneuittea lately bequeathed to a Hempstead lady's pug and tabby, duly chronicled in a former number of the Gazette, have been declared void. The Post recommends their afflicting case to the notice of the Animal's Friend So- ciety. A late packet from England to Ame- rica took out 56,000 letters and news- papers. A correspondent of the Birmingham Journal says that, accord to a private letter received from Hobart Town, dated April 29, the three Welsh chartists were occupied as follows — Frost was a clerk or warehouseman in a grocery warehouse ; Willliams a police constable ; and Jones employed with a good salary, by a watch maker at Launceston. The Helena, on her voyage from Ba- tavia. when in latitude 16 N and longi- tude 25 E, fell in with immense fields of floating pumice-stones. The Rev M Hollock, of New York, has-offered a prize of fifty dollars for the best tract, not to exceed twelve pages, on the propriety of dancing by church members. It is estimated that 30 steamboats on the western rivers of America are lighted with gas, made by apparatus in the ves- sel from the grease of the kitchen. The city of Turin is also lighted with gas which is manufactured from New- castle coal, shipped to Genoa, and which costs three guineas a ton. The yams in Jamaica are said to be affected with a disease simliar to that which has attacked the potato. The turnpike tells from Newington gate to East Grinstead, Sussex, had been his for 1847 at the highest amount ever given, viz, £30,250. The Quicksilver, the last remaining stage coach from Salisbury, had ceased to run. The present distance of the new planet expressed in common measure, is about 3,200,000,000 English miles from the tip, and about 3,100,000,000 miles from the earth. La Nerrier, who discovered it, has received the decoration of the Legion of Honour. During the last twelve months, in comparison with five years ago, Roman Catholic missionaries sent to distant lands to convert the heathen have been quad- rupled. There are 12,000 females employed in the factories of Bradford, Yorkshire, 1000 of whom are under 13 years of age. A manufacturing wire worker, in an advertisement in the Times newspaper, invites the public to come and see his invisible wire fences. France is divided into 44,000 com- munes, each of which has its mayor. A letter from Brighton, under date of Wednesday, says, "It is quite clear from the constant removal of articles from the Palace, that Her Majesty has re- solved not again to honour. the Pavilion with her presence. The servants have been for some days engaged in pack- ing up the china and a variety of things, but the furniture still remains uncover- ed, although the kitchen has been nearly emptied of its contents. Field Marshal the Duke of Welling- ton has most kindly presented Mr. Ric- hard Hoghton, youngest son of Sir Henry Bold Hoghton, Bart., with a cornetcy in Her Majesty's 9th Lan- cers, without purchase, in consideration of the gallant services of his un- cle, the late Major General Hogh ton. Letters from Rome announce that the new Pope was carrying out the re- forms he had projected with great vigour and had sent one of his more factious cardinals to the Castle of St. Angelo. This was the cardinal who publicly pro- claimed the Pope to be a conspirator against the Holy Church, and called upon the people to rise io defence of their religion. A company has been established to supply the community with pure wheat- en bread at a profit of five per cent, on the actual cost of the material, expenses of making. &c.; The company, it is said, will commence operations in the metropolis early in December. They profess to be able to sell the 41b. loaf at one-third less price than that charged at present by the bakers. A further portion of that notorious place, in the St. Giles's Rookery, called Lawrence-street, has been enclosed, pre- vious to the demolition of the houses. A row of buildings is to be erected on their site, to be called St. Giles's Cres- cent. There is now only one part of this labyrinth of courts and alleys remain- ing, termed Church-lane, containing about 50 houses. A correspondent of the Times' point out the discrepancy of the prizes given by the West Bucks Agricultural Associa- tion. To the owner of a fat pig, 5 guineas were given ; to a labourer who had brought up 19 children without parochial help, 40s. Government had decided to make the Cove of Cotk a naval station. The New York Tribune, alluding to the often fatal consequences of inhaling steam, recommends all steam-boat travellers to keep their mouths shut when the boiler bursts. Since the stoppage of Westminster Bridge, the tolls, per day of 12 hours, at Waterloo Bridge, have amounted to £44 9s. 9d. The daily average of foot pas- sengers is 2,400. It is remarkable that one vote carried the American tariff of 1824 ; one vote the tariff of 1828 ; one vote in each House that of 1842 ; and by one vote in the senate the tariff of 1846 became law. Miss Fry, of Massachusetts, has re- covered 385 dollars from Mr. Frost for a breach of promise of marriage. He courted her one year, and the jury allow- ed her a dollar a day. Dr Bowring calculates the consump- tion of wine in France, in the rural dis- tricts, at 16,500,000 gallons ; and in the towns to double that amount, or to thirty-three gallons per head. The Hampshire Telegraph says, an order had recently been received and executed by a Devonshire firm, for a sup- ply of champagne cider for the special use of Her Majesty. The Rev Dr Pussy had been present at the consecration of a new church recently erected by Sir John Gladstone, in Kin- cardineshire. The number of private habitations in France is about 6,900,000. It is in immediate contemplation, with a view to improve the sanatory state of the metropolis, to erect abattoirs, or public slaughter-houses, in the outskirts, of the capital, and prevent the slaughter- ing of cattle in the town. A letter from London, to the Paris Constitutionnell states, as authentic piece of information, that Prince Louis Napolon is about to lead Miss Burdett Coutts to the hymenial altar The Morning Post says : — "This statement has been in our possession for some days but it appeared to us too absurd to notice. As we find however, that the story has crupt into some of the London papers, we think it necessary to state, on the best authority, that there is no founda- tion whatever for the announcement." A commission for taking evidence in the long-protracted suit respecting Lady Howley's charity is now on a circuit of the northern counties. The original suit was insulated by the Independents, for the purpose of, and was successful in, dispossessing the Unitarians of the trust and estates, on which both the Estab- iished Church of Scotland, and also the Secession Church of that country, assert- ed a claim to the trust properly, to the evolution of the Independents. The present proceedings have reference to the respective rights of these three bodies. Mines of sulphuret of zinc have been lately discovered in Cumberland. The old College of Killarney has been changed into a barrack. At the two hotels of Ballinasloe, in two days during the great fair, 2,400 turkeys were slaughtered for the guests. In 1814, the average cost of producing a piece of calico in Manchester was £1 3s 10d ; in 1839 it was 5s 11d. The Time commissioners say there it twice as much land uncultivated and re- deemable in Scotland than England, and half as much more as in Ireland. Mr Hood, plenipotentiary at the River de la Plata, has returned to England ; he is expected, however, to return again to meet Rosae with more favourable terms. It is calculated that £260,000 are paid weekly to railway labourers in England. HORRIBLE OCCURRENCE. — The Lime- rick Chronicle gives the following par- ticulars of a very shocking occurrence : " Ennistymon workhouse was visited with a calamitous occurrence this week The deputy master, Michael Walsh, re- moved from the dining-hall two little children, a boy and a girl, for having quarelled at table, and snatched one from the other a crust of bread. He placed them in the black hole for punish- ment, and appears to have totally forgotten them for two days, when their absence was remarked by the other paupers, and on opening the place of confinement, both children were found dead in each other' arms, The master was brought into Ennis in custody. Smart vehicles, with good horses, have been started in London, called ' parcel mails,' by which, for two pence, a per- son may have a parcel, not exceeding three pounds in weight, conveyed any hour of the day to any part of London within five miles of St Paul's. Never, says the John O'Groat Jour- nal, within the memory of man, or of the oldest inhabitant, has there been such a fine harvest as this year in the Orkneys. There are said to have been 5000 residents at Baden the last season, and 100,000 have visited by railroads to go home in the evening. Fatness is the criterion of female, beauty in Barbery, and young women are fattened by special diet just at poultry. A Paris journal gravely asserts that Scotland feels herself aggrieved and de- graded at being the vassal of England ; that the reading of the novels of Sir Walter Scott has revived the patriotism of her people, and they are determined to throw off the English yoke. Of 5400 crimes sent for trial in one year, 3000 were for murder. Spanish wives do not take their hus- band's names The daily number of passengers who come and go to the Euston square railway station, is estimated at 4000. At a recent meeting to establish a Juvenile Refuge in a large provincial town, the Archbishop of Dublin said they could educate fifty children at the same coat as would keep one soldier. During the winter months a daily ave- rage of 890 tons of coal is used at the metropolitan gas works. There are 18000 engines in Holland averaging a force of 90,000 horse power of which 60000 are required to keep the country above water. Isaac Franklin of Summer County, Tennesee, has bequeathed about 60,0000 dollars to establish a seminary of learning in that country. Of 31,506 births in Paris during the year 1344, 10,430 were illegitimate - and of 27,360 deaths, 10,519 occurred in the public hospitals. According to the Nonconformist, the human race would be extinct in eleven years if the mortality were as great as it in the English garrisons in Jamaica, Hongkong, Ceylon, and elsewhere. The registered boatmen in Constan- tinople and its immediate suburbs num- ber about 19,000, with about 16,000 boats. A policeman has been dismissed from the Birmingham police because he refused to go down a lane, which was no his beat, where he said he had seen his uncle' ghost. Land along the Glasgow and Edinburgh Railway which, previous to its con- struction, was not worth 5s per acre, now commands a rent of from 30s to 40s. Tait's Magazine has how become the property of those enterprising bookseller. Messrs A and C Black, the original pro- prietor Mr Tait, being about to retire from busineas. In Mark-lane 2759 carrages hare been known to pass in one day. The average number of carrage is 224. There are in England 294,088 females more then males ; in Scotland the females outnumber the males by 126,352 ; and in Wales by 16,464. So that there are in the United Kingdom 434,904 ladies who must be reconciled to lead a life of single blessedness. A paper in Philadelphia, edited by coloured men, says — If a white girl is sober, carefull and industrious, she should be as much respected and taken care of is a coloured lady.' The Royal Library of Paris contains a Chinese chart of the heavens made about 600 years before Christ, in which 1400 stars are correctly inserted ; a map of China is in preservation made 1000 years B. C., which nearly accords with the actual surveys made by the Jesuits in 1700 A. D. The narrow slip of ground called the Burlington Arcade in Piccadilly London, containing 72 houses, produce a rental of £1460. The Welshman says that Father Mathew is of a very ancient Welsh family, the records of the Principality shewing he is descended from the Gwsy- thod Cing of Cardigan. Six marriages were solemnized at Preston, in Lancashire, on the first Sun- day in September, and out of the twelve newly married persons only one could write his name, of twelve witnesses to the ceremony not one could write. Thus, of twenty four whose signature should be in the register, twenty three had to affix marks. In a recent lecture at the Liverpool Mechanic's Institution, Mrs Balfour laid it down aa a proposition, that the reigns of female sovereigns in all countries, and in all times, had produced a literary era. A correspondent of the Builder esti- mates that the metropolis pays for laundry work five millions yearly. A new Pacha of Aleppo, to the asto- nishment of the whole country, refused the presents it is the custom to offer an eastern magnate on his appointment to high office. There are in or near London, 41 Charles streets, 29 Church streets, 21 George streets, 23 High streets, 22 John streets, 35 King steets, 23 New streets, and 23 Queen streets. There are 112 barrack canteens in the three kingdoms, The highest rent paid is that at Woolwich, being let for £1383 18s 6d. Police returns show that the amount of property stolen in twelve months in Manchester, was £13,213 ; in Liverpool £7,582. Recovered in Manchester, £9,533 ; and in Liverpool £2,890. The Book of England pays £30,000 per annum as income tax. The number of soldiers in the receipt of pensions is above 50,000. The in door pensioners of Chelsea Hospital are about five hundred. 