Local Intelligence. Melancholy Result of Intoxica- ttox. — An inquest was lield on Saturday before "W. B. AVilmot, Esq., J.P., Coroner for the district, upon the body of James Devine, when the following evidence was adduced : — Joseph Anderson, brickmakcr, residiug at South Yarra, sworn — Between four and five o'clock on the afternoon of the 24th February instant, deceased came to the kiln where I was at work, and said that there was a boat on tho opposite side of the river, which he would go and fetch; I said "you had better not, for you are too drunk deceased then went and sat upon the bank of the Yarra, when he pulled off his shoes, waistcoat, braces, and hat ; X went to the kiln to put some wood in, and deceased came to my hut, and whilst talking with my wife said, "there was a man round the corner whom he wanted to see;" my wife called to me, and whilst I was going to my wife I heard deceased plunge into the river, and saw decased swimming towards a log, which he got upon and rested himself; deceased then plunged in again and began to sing some song which I forget; deceased had nearly gained the other side of the river when I saw him sink ; there was no one near deceased at time of sinking; deceased did not rise after sinking in the water ; it was the habit of de ceased when in a state of intoxication to plunge into the Itivcr Yarra and swim across sometimes two or three times ; I suppose he has done so at least fifty times' John Green, brickmaker, residing at Mel bourne, sworn — On Wednesday, the 2-lth instant, about four o'clock in tlic afternoon, 1 saw deceased pass near to my hut, at litis time deceased appeared to me to be intoxicated; in about half an hour afterwards hearing a noise near the river, I proceeded to the spot and I saw deceased struggling near tho middle of the river ; deceased had his shirt and trowscrs on at the time ; there were several boys swimming near deceased at the time, but none dared to approach him ; there was no man near at the time ; deceased struggled in the water for about five minutes, when I saw him sink in the water and not rise again ; this morning (27lh Feb ruary instant) I saw the body Coating near the bridge, and got assistance and brought the body to shore ; 1 afterwards gave information to the pciice of the fact. 'lite jury returned a verdict that the deceased was accidentally drowned whilst attempting to cross the Yarra, whilst in a state of intoxication. " Ghosts of Departed Spirits." — A wild looking little old woman, named Mar garet "Webster, was brought before the magis trates on Saturday last, having been discovered at three o'clock that morning flying through Bourkc-strcet, at an almost supernatural pace, and screaming 11 murder," at the highest pitch which the full vigour of her lungs would permit her. At such an astonishing rate was the old lady proceeding, that the constables deemed it utterly useless to pursue her, when suddenly she made a turn and rushed into their arms, de manding their protection, as she stated some body wanted to shoot her. On questioning her as to the circumstances of the case, she varied her story, stating that she had been so alarmed at seeing a ghost, that she was afraid to go home, she was consequently conveyed to the watch house. The constable staled his con viction, that the old lady was at the time more under the influence of "spirits" than ghosts, as her fears relative to her unearthly visitor had now entirely vanished. Mrs. Vv'ehcter being called upon to account for her rather singular conduct, attributed it entirely to the heat of the weather, which had operated powerfully upon her "narves." She was dis charged with a caution to avoid such freaks for the future. Oun Town Subscribers. — Wo beg to remind.our town subscribers that tho single copy (for six-pcnco) of tlic " Patriot " Direc tory, to which they arc entitled, will be retained for them until Wednesday nest — only. For our country subscribers, there will be retained a supply up to the 25th proximo, and not later. Caution to Licensed Victuallers. — On Saturday informations were laid against two licensed victuallers in town, for not having a lamp hurtling over their doors during the hours prescribed by tlic act. Mr. Ilonrick- son, of the " "White Hart Inn," and Mr. Heave, of the "Prince Albert," wore severally fined twenty shillings, and five shillinga costs for this offence. An Agreeable Invitation.— Miss Ellen Piles was called upon to answer for having verbally informed Miss Susan t nntilla that if she would obligingly walk out she would in the short period of two minutes rip her open with a carving knife, "nnd Miss Ellen appearing rather reluctant to accept the invita-. tion, Miss Susan by way of coaxing applied some endearing epithets, which, for fear of offending ears polite, .we forbear from naming. Even this fnilcd in its. intended effect, Miss Piles very wisely keeping within doors, to avoid being subjected to the -pleasing .'operation threatened by her neighbour. Steps were taken to render Miss Ellen as gentle as a dove for the ensuing three months. An Awkward Fix.— The command of the Chief Constable to " bring in the pri soners," hot being obeyed with the customary- promptitude, sonic ' enquiries were made into the matter, when it was discovered that by some accident the key of tho cells had been broken. No alternative existed, and tho ma gistrates sanctioned an net of housebreaking within the very precincts of their court, by directing a son of Vulcan to be sent for, who speedily made 'locks, holts, and bars soon fly asunder.' The-Insolvent Court. — His Honor the Resident Judge, on Saturday, confirmed. the certifR-nte of discharge, granted by tho .'Chief Commissioner, to Tltom.is Anderson. Tblajwai' the only insolvency business brought before the court. THE DAY OF RrcKos'iNn. — -Parti. who attended as juron nt the late Criminal Sessions, may obtain the . fees to which they are entitled, on application ut the Sheriffs office on Wednesday next. Awfully Sudden DeatH— A me lancholy instance of sudden death occurred , on Saturday last, in the person ol a Mrs, Fiizpuirick, who dropped down dead. The deceased was of corpulent hnbit, and death is supposed to have resulted from apoplexy. The Monstf.r Meeting.— A full report of the monster meeting, which will take plnce this day, in the Theotre, Queen-street, " for the purpose of determining whether the introduc tion of British criminals to this district, in any form or on any terms, meets with the genernl np. proval ol the eommuuity," will appear in our ensuing publication. Tiie Auditors and Assissors. — The Mayor will preside this day, at eight o'clock, a ii., at a meeting ol the burgeeses of the town, to he held at the Mechanics' It stitution, for the nomi. nation of two fit und proper persons to be the auditors ol the town, in the room ol John Din- woodie and Samuel Gregory, Esqrs. Meetings will also be held at the same time at the Star Inn, Swooston- strcct, 'at the Crowii Hotel. Lonsdale- street, nt the Market-square Hotel, Market- reet, end at the Mechanics' Institution, at which the AMerroen ol the respective wards will preside, for the nomination ol assessors (or the ensuing year. Should the elections be conttsud, the vptiog will commence at nine o'clock in the forenoon, nnd finally close at four o'clock, p si. This Day's Meeting.— Amongst the gentlemen expected to tnko a prominent part in the anti- transportation meeting oi to-day, will be Messrs. Duerdin, Staweli, : Barry, Wil liams, MollisOn, Willis, 'M Arthur, -Hull and St, John ! Tally Ho!— The seltlers in the vicinity of Mount Mercer, have formed a sub scription club, for tbo purpose of raising' a pack of bounds;' on experienced huntsman, and whipper-in, have been engaged, and u' magnificent pack already collected. Tub Amended Scab Act. — A set tler in the Geelong district, has within the short space of eighteen months been subjected to un expenditure of upwards of twelve hundred pounds lor the cure of his sheep frotn the scab; he at tributes the disease solely to an infected (luck having been driven across It is run. This shows the necessity of strictly enforcing the conditions ol the Amended Scdb Act. — Gecloug 'Adver tiser. Assfssor for BourkeWard. — By our advertising columns, it will bo seen that .Mr. George Vinge is a caudid tte lor Uoiitku Ward, and from the powerful interest enlisted their con he little doubt ol his success, .Mr Vinge is pos sessed of considerable property in the ward, ami the choice will in every respect ho u judicious one Should the election he contested, the pulling will commence at nino o'clock this morning ut tho Crown lio'el, Tiie " Alice Maud." — This vessel, it i) eiiit-ti, will be neicfsimied to discharge the grn.iier pun ui tier ciirgo. ror cue purpose ot how- ing nriditionM bitl'u't. T he pttsuner." positively refused ip prcccrd in the vessel in her present tiitii, u hit li by competent jinxes hns been pro nounced unfile. On piuoevding on hoard the Alice Maud, on Friday eft»ing, Air. R imes, one of the p«:»?eng»'f8, perceived tfiut the vessel was lyini completely over, nnd iliuL her port holes were within two or three iiitiiss of the vvuter. He immediately remonstrated with the Captain, who declared it to ha his intention to ivci,rii anchor thui night. Air. /farms Muted his deter- I initiation to tatlir.r forfait 'his money (hun proceed in tiie vctl in that M.iie, and having | induced 0»pt«»in Voluir, ol ihe Murrain/, io vif-it the Alice AJ< lutl — thatentiemun pronounced i: to be mudness to tcke the vcmcI to sea in that condition, it bi'in? hi opinion that Hie required :it one bundled udditiunul tons ol dead weight b-l.' iM; nt this time the removal of a huit oi wmcr from one hide to the oilier of the es «el, mode her lay over ! Upon remonstrance, CnpL.in Wiliiitir.s o;:recI not to put to sen, nr.il n the presence of Mr. Jhirne- utid it pussenper nimed Perron, he ordered the Stiev.idure 10 tidtc o/T (he hatches, saying that he would commence unloading (to ship the required bnllnsi) nt twelve o'clock, p ni., nnd by working ni;:ht und dny, he ready for .i-ca on the fallowing T uesday nbht. He subsequently agreed tluit C.iptuin Cole on the part of Mr. h'trm?, nnd unother pirty to be chosen by himself (Captain \V.) should hold a survey on the vtsel tlic fallowing day, ui lime o'clot k, nfter which Mr. Barnes went on shore. Un the fol'owin.q day (tiiur- d;.y) in company with Cuptuin Cole, lu waa nboul to go on b""trd the stentivr far ilio buy, when he learned that the Alice Maud hnd, ut twelve o'clock that duy, weighed mndior utid snifad; Vrttrdity afternoon the Vesta, with Ciipihin Cofa and Mr. Barne on buuid, went uftur the Alice Maud, lor tho puipose of re- coveiiug the luggage, belonging to tho fatter geiithimtn. The -ship returned lo (bo harbour jesterdny evening at sun tlonn— the muster being ultimately convinced of iho neces sity of following the advice he hut! received— to accomplish which he will he detuincd here for at least three or four wcek«( Ejecting the Devil. — One of tiie Aborigines belonging m the Yurra tribe, n brother ol the celebrated Bmbow, alter carousing in town for nearly three weeks, returned to his sable companions in n dangerous state On Su lurday the tribe with a view to restore the poor fellow to convalescence, subjected him to the ceremony of'4 ejecting tho devil,".ihis ceremony is rather q singular one ; die sick man lies on his hack, when each of the uibe in succession kneel by his aide, nnd placing their hps to his breast, drnw their breath and ynlibei" for some time, when they rise, run to the river, nnd expectorate ; u » corroborce' takes plnce .between each opc» mtion.The bfacks place great fuith in this remedy but in the present instance there is every probe, tiitily of its proving o failure, the poor fellow living evidently but u short time for this world. ODDS AND ENDS.— At the general annual meeting of the School of Arts, it was de- termined "that those members whose fees are not duly paid on or before the 31st day of March in each year, will no longer be considered as members of the institution — John and Jane Sullivan were, on Saturday, bound over, to keep the peace towards Ellen Sutch and her husband, for the en- suing six months. Jane gave convincing proof, that when tongues were dealt out, she was not out of the way, although she emphatically declared "she didn't want to have no words with no one." — Our neighbours, the Geelongites, have been compelled to go for two days during the past week week without butter. Dairy produce of all kinds is represented as remarkably scarce.— Com- plaints are reaching us from all quarters, of the abominable nuisance arising from the putrid car- cases of animals in the public streets. We are aware that such nuisances exist, and are surprised that the corporation do not, which they are un- questionably bound to do, remove them.— The iuquest on the unfortunate man, Thomas Wil- liams, found dead under suspicious circumstances, will be resumed this day.— A contemporary publishes a letter from n' mechanic, in which the writer denies that there is a scarcity of mechanics in thi district, suiting that the average rate of wages is five shillings per dny, and that a Settle ment ol accounts is with difficulty obtained from the masters, — —'I he young man, it alsh. labour ing under insanity, stated to have arisen (rum being " hocussed" by some ruffians, who after- wads robbed him. lias derived no benefit from his incarceration in gnul. Ho will bo subjected to a medical examination this dny. 