GERALDINE. .A TALB OP ,CONBI?SNOm. CHAP. XVI. .Tna following-day was Sunday, and the two friends wvalked together accompanied by Mr. Everard, ;through the park, and by the river side; to the parish church. The discourse was on that day ad diessed -to the children of the village school, and beautiful was the erhortation given to the little creatures by their holy and tender pastor. He was, ,however, suffering from so severe an attack of in .disposition, that the sermon concluded abruptly, rand, after the blessing, the clerk announced that \- there would be no evening service at Woodbridge tchurch. After many inquiries at the vicarage, .where'Mrs. Sinclair assured the anxious niece, that .her uncle merely required rest, Geraldine and .Katherine slowly returned through the uplands to the .Hall; and, on the latter remarking that no delicacy of feeling need prevent them .that evening :from seeking whatever preacher they might be curious- to. hear in the neighbourhood, Geraldine .:owned her intention not only to go herself, but also -.to carry_ .off her friend Katherine, to the vesper -service at the ,little Catholic Chapel in Elverton. -".'This may be-our only opportunity,' said she, \--., of going: quietly, without being missed and ques tltioned. :You can :have no objection, surely, to hearig :the Psalms and Magnificat chaunted in Latin, with. a.few hymns; for you will escape, in the'evening service, what you persist in thinking ! thseidolatry of the mass I' Come, my dear Kathe .rine, come and, judge for yourself of part of the Ipublic worship of these ' self-righteous Catholics I' ' I have a book of vespers with the translation, and we will both, put -on our-close garden bonnets and veils." -",But -people -will certainly discover us to be Pro testants," said Katherine, "from the awkwardness -of our, behaviour. tI shall not in the least know 'when to sit, or .when to stand, and as for kneeling I shall dread to do it."' -' Cannotyou do as you see me do P" said Geral. -dine, ' for - I shall watch.the little boys In the sur plices." " Ahi! 'I can scarcely-trust you," replied Kathe •rine, "and, if they begin singing.to the Virgin, JI shall not wish .to accord with them even in posi .tion." " But AI will promise to give you honourable 'notice," said Geraldine; and she continued to plead -so hard with her friend, that, in the end, Katherine .ylelded ; and, having equipped themselves as soberly as possible, they benttheir steps, at the usual hour, ,namely three o'clock, to the narrow lane at the out -skirts of the town, where, in a row of mean and •delapidated houses, stood the humble chapel, un adorned even by a cross. " Long before she had taken any personal interest ,In Catholicity, Geraldine had attended the vesper service at the various chapels of the foreign -embassies in London, for the sake of the music, and, at that time, had .procured a book, which -enabled her to follow the priest and choir with great facility; and although the commemorations and vigils of saints' days make the vesper service -rather complicated, yet this difficulty had been soon overcome by one, accustomed, in the Church of England prayer book, to seek for the accidental prayers at certain Intervals of the service. In the little chapel, however, which the two friends now entered, the Latin book of vespers was. useless, for that universal language, so requisite in the mixed congregation of the foreign chapels, was here ex changed for the native tongue of a congregation exclusively English ; and Geraldine, although a little disappointed to lose the remembered tones which she had now expected toassoclate with the sacred emotions of the heart, yet acknowledged the judicious care of the Catholic Church, which, in guarding from every Innovation the awfulritual of the mass, yet permitted a discretionary freedom with respect to other services, when the change might be deemed profitable to a con gregation. The ,two friends drew near the altar, and found places on a form, where a gentle, pleasing looking girl, gave them her book, pointing out to them, that the ' meditation,' which thie priest llad just com menced, was on the gospel for the day, which was the tenth after Pentecost,' consequently the ninth after Trinity, as it is entitled in the Common Prayer Book of the Church of England. The priest, kneeling with thie two acolytes on the bottom step of the altar, thus read, in a low, but distinct and deeply Impressive voice s " Thid day's gospel is the parable of the Pharisee and the Publican. who went up imto the temple to pray ; ahd being designed against those, who con fide in themselves, and despise others, let us pray that God would mercifully deliver us from these Inward Indispositions, which are so very much dis pleasing to Him. Let us pray : O Blessed Redeemer, who easniest upon earth to be our physician, to heal all our infirmities, and on so many occasions hast laid before us the danges of our distempers, and the certain method of our cure, mercifully have regard to us this day, and grant that we may receive the benefit of what thou hast taught us In this day's in struction ; Amen." As tihe priest continued, Geraldine, still bearing in mind,Katherine's accusation against the Catholics' doctrine, as inculcating ' self-righteousness, gently pressed her friend's had at the following words : " Thou hast plainly shown us, that nothing can be' more destructive to us, than to confide in ourselves, to presume upon our own works, and to despise others as being inferior to us. Thou hast positively assured us, that this alone is enough to make void whatever good we do, and, in the midst of a well disciplined and exemplary life, to be hateful in the sight of God." Answer : " Mercifully have regard to us, there fore, 0 merciful God, and grant we may receive the benefit of what Thou hast taught us in this day's instruction." Priest : " O blessed Jesus-! since Thou hast been thus plain in discovering to us the malignity of this self-confidence, presumption, and pride, grant we may be afraid of these evils, and with horror start at the first thought of them, as at the approach of an infernal monster." Answer : " For what are we. O Lord, that we should place any confidence in ourselves, or be proud of any thing we do." Priest : " We have every day convictions of our weakness, of our blindness, of our corruptions, in discretions, and manifest follies; we see ouiselves every day running into variety of evils, and that whatever we propose, it is with so little effect, that there is not one hour of our lives but we are evidently put 'in mind of our misery, and that of ourselves we can do nothing that is good !" Answer : " Who are we then, O God, that we should place any confidence in ourselves, or be proud of any thing we do P" Priest : " if we think aright, it is thy gift to us ; if we propose what is good, it is thy light which directeth us. If we avoid evil, it is thy grace that strengtheneth us: if we do what is just, it is thy mercy that enableth us : if we bear troubles with patience, it is thy gift that supporteth us. But if we think on what is evil, this, O God, is from our selves." Answer : " All our help, therefore, is from Thee, O Lord, and all our confidence must be in Thee." Priest: "Hence, O God, as for any good we have at any time done, we now bow down and ac knowledge that thou oughtest to be glorified, and not we to be esteemed, for it. For all hath been thy power and grace working in us, poor and help less sinners." - Answer. -" Glory and thanksgiving be ren dered unto Thee, O God, who showest Thy power in such weak vessels." Priest .*-" But as for us, we have reason to fear, and to be 'humbled, to see ourselves so extremely miserable, as even to be in great danger of offend ing the hand that helpeth' us, and of prostituting that to self-love, which is designed for the purchase of everlasting glory." In this strain did the Litany continue, through several more petitions, and heartfelt acknowledg ments of sin, the priest concluding with this prayer, which is also used in the Church of England:-' " O God, who manifesteth thine Almighty power in pardoning chiefly, and showing mercy, multiply thy goodness towards us, that having recourse to Thy promises, we may be partakers of Thine ever lasting happiness, through the Lord Jesus Christ thy Son." The congregation then arose, and the little choir begun a hymn, apparently familiar to all around, as, without book, they joined, in a lower tone, with the voices which led this part of the service. Ka therine, who had risen with the rest, now re-seated herself, fearful that, however unexceptionable she had found the humble and devotional prayers, this hymn might turn out to be idolatrous. Their civil young neighbour, however, having, placed in Ka therine's hand the little book of hymns, the latter, glancing her eye over the one pointed out to her again rose. It w?ss that hymn, dear to the heart of every devout Cathotic, from the .pen of St. Bernard, ' Jesu dulcis memorie;-' translated thus: " Jesus ! the only thought of Thee, With sweetness fills my breast ; But sweeter far it were to see, And on thy beauty feast. " No sound, no harmony so gay, Can art or music frame; No thoughts can reach, nor words can say The sweets of thy blest name. " Jesus ! our hope when we repent, Sweet source of all our grace, Sole comfort in our banishment, Oh what when face to face. " Come then, dear Lord, possess my heart, Chace thence the shades of night, Come, pierce it with thy flaming dart, And ever shining light." These four verses only of thie abridgment were sung, after which, all again kneeling, the priest said,-" Let us jgive thanks to Almighty God for the various benefits we have received from him during tine past week;" and a beautiful Litiany fol lowed. The most striking novelty, however, both to Geraldine and Katherine, was thie long and solemn pause, which followed these words,-" Let us carefully'examine our consciences, and endeavour to recollect the sins which we may have been guilty of, by thought, word, deed, or omission;-let us conceive a great sorrow for having offended God." This pause, to our two friends, seemed endless, yet not a head was raised, not a sound was heard, till, at length, the solemn tones of the priest con tinued: "Behold, O God, we here prostrate our selves before Thee, in humble acknowledgement of all our sins. We confess to Thee our iniquities, our ingratitude, our general abuse of thy blessings, and our daily neglect of whatever hath belonged to thy service." Answer "W?Ve prostrate ourselves before Thee, O God,' in the humble acknowledgement of all our sins." In this strain did the second Litany continue, followed by supplications for thie grace of God during thie coming week, the latter part being taken wholly from Scripture. Then followed petitions for the pastors of the Church, for thie king and royal family, and for thie English nation, concluding thus -" Lastly, we beseech Thee, Oh I Father of merciles, that thy saving truth may be received throughout the whole world; that all nations may be united in one fold, and that all may join with one mind, and with one voice, in glorifying God, and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ." Answer : " Hear us, O God, and in thy mercy grant our petitions. Give ear, oh I merciful God, to these our prayers, and graciously voiuchsafe to grant our requests, through Jesus Christ, our Lord." Priest; " May the blessed Virgin Mary, and all the saints, be our Intercessors with the Lord, that we may be succoured and secured by Him, who liveth and reigneth to everlasting ages." Amen. I' And may the souls of the faithful departed rest in peace : Amen." Here all again rose to sing, but Katherine quickly sate down on hearing the first words of the . Ave Maria Stella.' " Hail thou resplendent star, Which shineth o'er the. main ; Blest Mother of our God, And ever Virgin Queen. " Hail ! happy gate of bliss, Greeted by Gabriel's tongue, Negotiate our peace, And cancel Eva's wrong. " Exert thy Mother's care, And us thy children own; To him convey our prayer, Who chose to be thy Son. " Praise to the Father be, With Christ His only Son ; And to the Holy Ghost, Thrice blessed three in one." " Amen." At the conclusion of this last hymn, the Blessing was given, and many of the congregation, after a decent pause, arose to depart: Katherine and Geral dine also prepared to leave the chaspl,but, perceiving that a-troop of boys and girls were advancing to the rails of the altar, they remained to hear, fer the first tihe, a public examination of the Catholic Catechism. To .Geraldine, who had now deeply studied every part of the Catholic doctrine, this.unexpected addi tion to their instruction was still more interesting on Katherine's account than on her own,and she listened, therefore, with double pleasure, to every thing likely to. prove the holiness of that faith, to which she was in heart attached. "Well my dear friend," said, Katherine, as the two friends returned in the deepening twilight to the Hall, "you expect me to acknowledge that I was both surprised and gratified; and I will not obsti nately refuse to make this avowal. Had thatdevout looking man uttered extempore the prayers we listened to, I should merely have given him credit for being an exception to the mass of self-righteous papists; but when I read in their books of public devotion, those clear convictions of sin, and their trust in Christ alone for sanctification, I began to think that I had indeed allowed myself to condemn their faith on that point too hastily.,.....The first hymn, too, was beautiful; but what a pity that all was spoiled at the end, by the Virgin and saints P" Geraldine, who, to own the truth, had secretly feared, during the service, lest her friends might utter something far more offensive to Protestant ears, than what had really occurred, was in high spirits, and came readily to the defence of all that had been said or sung, as warranted by the testi mony of history, to be the belief of the primitive Church, testified by the writings of the early divines, and as most consonant with the benevolent and social feelings of the human heart. " Oh ! -dearest Katherine," cried she, " what can be more like a foretaste of the universal reign of Christ, than to join the glorified Church in prayer and praise P what more touching to hearts ever craving for sympathy, than to feel this perfect 'communion of saints !' " " It might, as you say, be very delightful to the natural feelings," returned Katherine, "were it but true I but until that be proved, I shall be contented to pray for myself, feeling the deepest sense of my coldness, my wanderings, my utter unworthiness to be heard, but still trusting to Him, who is touched by my infirmities, and who will never reject the prayer of a sinner. " Nothing in my hand I bring, Simply to Thy cross I cling, Naked come to Thee for dress, Helpless look to Thee for grace: Rock of ages rent for me, Let me hide myself in Thee." " Katherine," said Geraldine earnestly, " you have witnessed this evening how Christ our adorable Lord and Master, is the life, the hope, the centre, of Catholic worship; the well-known and beautiful hymn you have just repeated, does not convey this morethan the one we first heard in the chapel: and what could surpass, or even equal, that contrite Litany P" " It was beautiful," said Katherine, " I have told you so already, and it required no additional prayer to the Virgin : for when we have the privilege of access to the Father through the all-sufficient merits of the Son, why trust to, or care for, such inferior assistance as that of the prayers of saints and angels P -When Christ maketh intercession for us, what need -we more P" "Then why do you pray P" said Geraldine; ".iyhat can your poor thoughts and words avail, when He, who is at once God, to grant, and Man, to plead, prays for you P Do you not, by the very act of prayer, suppose an insufficiency in the inter cession of Christ P" Katherine paused, and at length said,-" Cer tainly, were we to trust to our own reason on the subject, we should fear to intrude our imperfect and often guilty petitions on the throne of grace. We should, as you say, deem it an acknowledgement that the intercession of our High Priest was not all sufficient-and shrink from the b)asphemous con clusion. But we are not authorised in trusting to our weak judgment on this or on any subject, where the Bible calls on us simply to obey. We are told, it is true, that Christ maketh continual intercession for us, which, indeed, seems all-sufficient but we are also told to' pray always,' doubtless to keep us in continual mindfulness of our dependence on God for all things." " Then, your objectionto the intereessory-prayers of our deceased brethren whom we believe to have been raised to glory, arises riot, after all, from the usual plea, that they are unnecessary, if not pre sumptuous, when Christ our intercessor is sufficient for us, but from the belief that you are a far greater favourite with God than the 'just made perfect,' and that the supplication of that pure creature, whom the Holy Ghost thrice pronounced 'Blessed,' the chosen Mother of your God, are held as nought, compared with those of Katherine Graham r" " You are severe, Geraldine'," replied Miss Gra ham. SNo, Katherine, I only wantyou to perceive, that prejudice, and not reason, makes you reject the prayers of others, from a dread of encroaching on the intercession of Christ, when you do not dread this withl your own prayers. You must, therefore, suppose a greater efficacy to attend the latter; but why P " Why, because," replied Katherine, "the Bible commands one, and says not one word about the other." "Pardon me," replied Geraldine, " the Bible says a great deal, both plainly and by. Implication, re specting our prayers for each other : for instance, the great apostle, who was favoured with the as suranco of being a Vessel of Election, yet disdained not to entreat the prayers of the Church at Rome." " Ah I" said Katherine, hastily, "they were his brethren still in the flesh, there was no superstition to be dreaded there." "Then," said Geraldine, smiling," the benefit or danger of Intercessory prayer, after all, depends on our body of corruption, our frail and perishable flesh ; so that mind may commune with mind, spirit sympathize with spirit, so long as both are encum bered with matter ; but directly that one of the two is freed from these fetters, all commune and sym pathy must stop, as superstitious and dangerous, and derogatory to the perfect mediation of Christ !' Katherine Graham, not having, as usual, an answer to give, was grave and silent, and, on arriving at the Hall, the friends parted. (To7b be continued.) 