©LI/A PODBIDA. At tbs origin and detiRD or the proposed new Southern Whaling Establishment is only imperfectly known in llieee fjwls, we have much pleasure in publishing ihe following particulars:— The proposal made by Mr. Charles Enderdy, is to add to the skill and capital of Europe the natural sdronUgeB of Au«tr»lia, by planting ? whaling station on tb« Auckland Islanda, about 160 miles south by west of tu« ruoBt southern' point of New Zealand. The British Gorernmeot lias reeeotlj gnotea »o Mr. JJnderdy and bis brother* ibe right of exclusive jinasesslon of these islands i end it is proposed to establish an English company. ' under the sanction of a charter of the crown, with a sufficient capital and fleet of ships, for tbe tSeciua! prosecution of tlie fishery at and from tbe Auckland Islands.' It is pro posed that the Auckland Islands, which are well situated for all the purposes of a whaling station, end contains about 100,000 acres of land, shall also be made the site of a colony, composed of tbe families employed in tbe whaling ?b jjis, and of tbe ship carpenters, coopers , and other arti cans and labourers likely to be required at the station. Tbe prevailing immorality among the now long-absent whaling crews would thus lie checked, and a character of permanence and nubility be imparted to Ibe establishment itself. The Government purposes, in the event of a settlement being formed, to appoint a resident magistrate as tbe government representative, the appointment being at the charge of tlie grantees of the islands. And, finally, it forms part of the scheme to make the parts of the Auckland islands perfectly free, the needful revenue being derivable solely lrom the ?bIb or lease of the land.' 'As one of the gentlemen cotntnoners of Winchester College was discussing a barrel of oysters witb a friend, be was surprised on feeling in his mouth «omelhing liarder than tbe general nature of the oyster ; it turned out to be a very large pearl, valued by a Winchester jew»eiier at 200 guineas, who affirmed it was larger than any ha bad erer aeen. The ' Monmouth Beacon,' in giving the particulars of an inquest on a child tvbodied at Pontyuool from injuries rccei red from scalding, mentions that a man named David Evans had been called in to charm the child. The jury, being desirous to see the charmer, £vans was brought forward, and he told the worthy coroner that he was in the habit of being called in for tbe purpose of curing scalds or burns ; that he used ? charm, and if be pronounced certain words, and put his bind on «ucb burs or scald that ii would not rise, and named the words used in such charm in Welsh, and said be could not give them in English. Mr. Thomas Jones, a North Welshman, was called in as interpreter, who gave it as follows : ' Three angels went abroad from tbe north to the north end, one to the water, another to the fire, to tiring out either fire or frost, in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' ? Captain Mundy.of the steamer ' Braganza,' who sustained terious injuries by walking over tbe end of an unguarded terrace, did not recover bb was so confidently expected. His death was much deplored.— Sir William Norris, the Recorder of Singapore, has left the colony on a visit to Europe. ? On the 29th aod 30th April, and 1st May, twenty-fire square rigged vessels arrived in tbe barbour of Singapore, which, being plentifully occupied before, presented the appearance of a forest of masts. ? The utility and acknowledged importance of the maritime invention called a 'hearing-up' clip have caused its introduction into the naval arsenals of Sfiain. A third- class ship has been laid down for the Trocadera Company at Cadiz, by Mr. White, of Portsmouth, capable of receiving two sbipB of 1000 tons each. It was opened on tbe 3rd November, in tbe presence of tlie Bishop, tbs Officers of her Majesty's dock-yard, and tbe local authorities, by taking up a ship belonging to the chairman of tbe company. Orders have been received for having up her Catholic Majesty's frigate ''Venus,' and a war steamer. It is intended to make this establishment replete with all the requirements of tbe merchant navies. It is expected that this project, executed by British skill and enterprise, will lead the way for similar improvement in Ihe principal ports of that part of Europe. ? Tuere can be no doubt that if any good plan of colonization were promulgated, immense numbers of emigrants would offer, in Great Britain, as well as Ireland, and lends of all the colonies would readily come into the market. ? Witchcraft is another form of superstition tiist is often found among the heathen. Nothing is more destructive to their moral improvement than this unhappy mania that they attribute ell their misfortunes to magic. It destroys every sentiment of admiration ; and when they see night, which they cannot comprehend, they explain it «s being the fruits of enchant ment. It does not admit of their locking upon the woiks of Divine Wisdom with ecslacy, for they have naturally the notion of sovereign power, being analogous to (hat of some great magician. It does not teach them humility, and to acknowledge the linger of God in the diseases laid upon them, for they bave naturally the notion of sovereign power being analagous to that of some great magician. It does not teach them humility, mid to acknowledge the finger of God in tbe diseases hid upon them, for they invariably lay the blame upon innocent individuals. In short, witchcraft ib an inexhaustible Bource of calumny, . injustice, oppression, cruelty and hatred. Happily the BechuanaB are not cruel in the eatoe degree es other tribes ; they bave never taken a brutal delight in shedding blood, like the Zuolabs, tbe Mantatees, or tbe Kaffirs i and not withstanding their belief in witchcraft, a single murder lias never been committed, to my knowledge, for it, since we liave been in ibe country. A Mocbuana Dueler, railing to cee a sick person whom he cannot heal, generally finithes iiy accusing some person of destroying the virtue of his medicines; this produces strife and contention, but none dare to avenge themselves publicly, because witchcraft is .condemned by a great number of native converts, and sus pected by everybody besides. It is not thus in Kaffiiland, where a case of great enormity was committed in tbe month of August, 1843, and which still continues to exert a fatal influence. Kona, son of Maoomo, being taken ill, a witch doctor was called in to discover the person that had bewitched him, and he named a poor unfortunate creature whom they burned at a fire for the imaginary crime. ? A townsman of Cambridge recently wan at a raffle a very fine goose, and upon the gudewife preparing it for the spit, she «til) more found in the entrails one of her Majesty's coins, called a half-sovereign. Fancying, we presume, that this was the veritable ' goose that laid the golden eggs,' ebe exclaimed, 'what a pity this goose was killed !' ? The village of Honing, Norfolk, has been in a state of excite ment in consequence of tbe sudden death of a person named John Juby, under very sutpiciouB circumstances, and Mr. Pilgrim, the county coroner, held an inquest on tbe body. I: appeared tbst tbe deceased, being in ilj health, consulted a noted quack, named Staples, of Redham, and had some medicine of biro with written instructions. He took the medicine on Friday night, and died on the Sunday morning, in a state of great excitement. The medicine was .analysed by Mr. Dix and Mr. Clowes, who were of opinion that it was not calculated to destroy life ; but they did not approve of Mr. Staples'* treatment of the deceased. The jury, after considering, returned a verdic: that the deceased died from natural causes. 'It is astonishing,' say the local papers, ' that in these days of enlightenment persons should be found so aimple bb to put faith in such men as Staples, who pretended to cure diseases by charms and ?pelts. In tiie instructions to Juby, after giving directions for tbe medicine, be said, ' bullock's melt to be applied to tbe feet; let them remain on for twenty-four hours i when taken off, burn them in the earth.' By this process he affirmed tbe disease would lie drawn from the body into the melt, and would remain in tbe earth when the melt was buried. ? It happened on a certain Sunday that a boat . belonging to Wick, while attempting to gel off HelmBdale barbour wbb struck iiy a sea, and driven to a south part of the river.where the became a wreck. The cargo, wheat and \- barley, was considerably damaged. The good people of Helmsdale refused to render assistance, because it was Sabbath 1 ? It cot unfrequenlly happens that very foolish prophesy is the came of its own fulfilment — a fact which tends to confirm the faith of the ignorant in the infallibility of tbe wise men of their district. We hate to record a ?asein point: Two men belonging to Bradford, had, utmost from their earliest years, been the counterpart of Damon cod Pythias, or David and Jonathan. They consulted eBch \- other in every step they took, and tbe harmony of opinion between them was remarkable; but at length one of them was smitten with love, and very naturally took tmme steps ie this matter without consulting bis friend. At length, however, he did consult him, hut it was to tell that be was about to be married. His friend laboured bard to dissuade him from snch a step, whether from jealousy ? or some other motive we know not) and ts a last resort, told him that if be did marry the woman in question lie would not live more than five years. But love was stronger than the fear of death in this instance, and the marriage was duly celebrated. Things went on smoothly for a time, imt the gloomy prediction of Ms friend haunted the mind of the married' man, and at last so preyed upon him that it effectea its own ful61ment ; he died within three days of the prescribed and allotted time. ? liy the May 'Gttfttte,' we obserre that Brevet Major Lewis, of the SOtli Rrgl., has ouUinsd his full Majority without purchase. 