MRS. BQWDENi AftD THB FEMALE FAC TORY OF VAN BiEMEN'S LAND. We quote from the London Times a case where a young woman was tried at the Middlesex Sessions, last May, before Mr Serjeant Adams, Assistant Judge. The prisoner pleaded miiltv in Wim* /.nm_ nutted a theft, and, on being asked what had induced her to commit the felonious act, replied,—' I did it, my Lord, to be sent out of the country. I am quite tired of the mode of life I have been pursuing here, and I am most anxious to get away from it. What am I to do? I hare not any friends, and it is my wish from ray heart to get away from the life I have been thrown into, and have been compelled to lead for some time. The learned Judge said, she must be remanded until, the next morning, in order that some inquiries might be made about her. He should not, under the present state of matters with respect to women who were transported to Van Diemen's Land, feel so much compunction in sending out women to that country, as he should have done some 12 months since. At that period the state of affairs in connec tion with the female transports was most lamentable and dreadful. Now, however, he was happy to say. that there was a. very different state of things. There had been established in Van Diemen's Land au 'Institution for the Reformation of Female Con victs,' which was under the care and superinten dence of a most excellent woman, with whom he was well acquainted, Mrs Bowden, a lady who for some years had been the matron of the Hanwell Lunatic Asylum. The home Government had been most anxious to forward the views and exertions of that lady upon the subject. The jury might have heard of the rnnoval of the late Governor of Van Diemen'a Land, Sir Eardly Wiltnot, and he might perhaps state that one part of the reason for the removal of that gentleman was, that he had not sent any reports to this country upon this matter. He had himself for some years been in frequent communication with Mrs Bowden during her residence at Hanwell, and he had, therefore, had numerous opportunities of forming an opinion of her capacity of mind, and of ascertaining her views on this important question ; and since her arrival in Van Diemen's Land she had found a strong desire on the part of the Home Go vernment to assist her in carrying out her object. She was much astonished to find on her arrival in that country that all the clothes for the femnle con victs were sent out from England ready-made, and thus that there were no means of giving the prison ers employment, even by the manufacture of the very clothes they were to wear. The first step towards the reformation of this state of things, and, of course, with a view to the reformation of the prisoners them selves, which was taken by Mrs Bowden, was to apply to the Government at home to have the un made materials sent out, so that she might give them to tbe convicts to cut out and make up for their own wearing apparel, thereby giving them use ful employment. In this application Mrs Bowden was successful ; but even then she had not sufficient employment for all the women under her charge, and therefore she endeavoured to obtain contracts for them to manufacture Blurts. Well, then, contracts she got, but she met with a difficulty in respect of the price she had undertaken to make each shirt for, because that, charge happened to be something lesi than the fixed price of the colony. Upon this Mra Bowden was subjected to a penalty. So much for the protection system. She was Exchequered, in fact, for making shirts for less than the established colony price. But the Government had put an end to this state of matters. Still there was not enough employment; aud therefore Mrs Bowden endeavour ed to discover whether she could not put them in the way of making bonnets ; but, strange to say, upon inquiry she ascertained that, notwithstanding pome of the most beautiful straw in the world is produced in that country, there was not a single individual at Hobart Town who knew how to make such a thing as a bonnet. All the bonnets in use there were sent out ready-made. Upon this Mrs Bowden obtained some straw, and ere long had taught herself how to make one ; she then taught the women under her care, and having effected that object she established a straw bonnet manufactory, and had now 150 female convicts employed in the operation. Even with these sources of occupation she was still with out a sufficiency of employment for all the prisoners, and she next thought whether she could not estab lish a manufactory for cloth upon a small scale. In . this object he was glad to find she had met witH much success, for she now had a vessel, the Anson to which wool was taken in its raw state, and which the convicts on board made into the coarser cloths. The result of this energy of conduct on the part of this lady was that she now had the means of provid ing full employment for all the female convicts. Ho had a few days since only received a letter from Mrs Bowden, who gave him a most flattering and pleasing picture of the present state of the women under her care. In consequence of this altered mode of treatment of the female transports, he should have less difficulty than heretofore in send in? them out. because, even thouch a woman were transported for life, if she conducted herself well and benefited by the reformatory system, Bhe might gain a-letter-of-ieave, which would enable her to quit her confinement, and thus she might have an opportunity of earning her livelihood anof of marrying, and so be come once more a decent and respectable member of society. Mrs Bowden from her residence at the Hanwell Asylum had witnessed the effects of moral influence over the unhappy lunatic, and she had de termined to try what results could be accomplished by the application of moral influence to female con victs. What those results had been he had just told them, and a more gratifying end it was not easy to describe. As one of the gentlemancommoners of Winchester College was discussing a barrel of oysters with t friend, he was surprised on feeling in his mouth something harder than the general nature of the oyster— n turned out to be a very large pearl, valued by a Winchester jeweller at 200 guineas,— who affirmed it was larger than any he had ever seen. The Momnouth Beacon, in giving the particulars of an inquest on a child who died at Pontypool from injuries received from .scalding, mentions that a man named David Evans had been called in to 'charm' the child. The jury bsing desirous of seeing this charmer, Evans was brought forward, and he told the worthy coroner that he was in the habit of being called in for the purpose of curing scalds or burns ; that he used- a, charm, and if he pronounced certain words and put his hand on such burn or scald, that it would not rise; and named the words used in such charm in Welsh, and said he could not give them in English. Mr Thomas Jones, a North Welshman, . was called in as interpreter, who gave it as follows : — ' Three angels went abroad from the north to the north-end— -one to the water another to the fire— to bring out either fire or frost. In the name of God the Father, God the Son, and the Holy Ghost/ Printed and published by the proprietor, John Stephens tery W«dn««day and Saturday morning, at the Sonlk Australian Rtgitttr and General Printing Office, HfadUy street, Adelaide, South Australia, where Orders and Ad***» tUementf, »n-UU wmmoaltttUM U tht Niton will fee titUnt* - ? - ? , ?????? ??? :-, . Y-! . ? . c:s,:,-, t7& 