. ' GERALDINE. A TALE .OF CONSCIENCSE CHAP. XIV. THIa day after the departure of Dr. Sinclair, Geral dine once more read the notes taken from his in structions, and then referred to'those she had made from the Church histories of Mosheim and Milner "I know-nothing of logic and mathematics," thought she, " in the way of school-learning; but my natural sense must tell me, that if the primitive Church was pure in doctrine, and the Church of England pure In doctrine, they must agree in be lief. If-therefore, they do not agree in belief, either the primitive.Church was in error, or the Church of England is in error, for truth can be but one !" and Geraldine, still retaining by her the Protestant re cords of the early Church, now opened the " Faith of Catholics," and was soon completely absorbed in the question of agreement between the modern Catholics and the primitive Church. She consi dered that it would be useless to examine those points in which there was a perfect agreement between the Catholic Church and the Reformed Establishment of England, namely the ' Apostolicity,' $ Unity,' and ' Visibility,' of the Church of Christ, of which the Warden had proved the necessity; and she there fore resolved to confine her attention to those subjects of disunion between the Churches; in which they mutually appealed to the early ages of Christianity. In the volume now. open before her, the plan of refe rence, first, toeScripture; secondly to the * pure ages' of Christianity, and thlrdly; to the decisions of the last Council of the Universal Church, -was' exactly suited to the degree of deference which Ge raitine felt disposed to yield to'each;rand, turning to that Sacrament which had first rou~sed her atten tion to the short-comings of her own Church, and which, from the united testimony of Minner and Mosheim, she found to have been undoubtingly re ceived. by the early. Christians, site first read -the Proposition,' or the real belief of the Catholic Church on this point. '" The Sacrament which Is administered to dying persons, to strengthen them in their passage out of this life into a better, from the oil that is used on this occasion, Catholics call ' Extreme Unction,' and they believe it to be di vinely instituted." Then follow the reasons for this belief, Alark-evi. 12, 13:--" And, they cast out many devils, and anointed with oil many that were sick, and healed them." Epistle of James v. 1~, 15. "-Is any man sick among you P Let him bring in the priests of. the Church, and let them pray over 'him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick man : and the Lord shall raise him up: and if he be in sins, they shall be forgiven him." Next follow comments on, and enforcement of, this apostolical injunction from St. John Chrysostom, St. Augustine, and other fathers of the Church ; and then is given the extract from the Council of. Trent :'"The Synod declares and teaches, that our merciful Saviour, who was willing that His servants should at all times be provided with salu tary remedies against all the attacks of their enemies, as in other Sacraments He prepared means whereby during life they .might be preserved from every grievous evil, so would He guard-the close of life by the Sacrament of , Extreme' Unction,' as by a, strong barrier." It then observes, that this sacra ment, instituted by Christ, was first Intimated by St. Mark, and afterwards promulgated by St. James. Geraldine,- with her notes from Mosheim at hand, then again ascertained that's state of purification to the soul after death was an article of faith amongst the Christians of the early centuries, and opened " The Faith of Catholics" at that part. i- Catholics hold there is a ' Purgatory, that is to say, a place or state where souls, departing this life, with rc mission of their sins as to the guilt or eternal pain, but yet liable to some teinporal punishment still remaining luie, or else not perfectly freed from the blemish of some defects, which we call venial sins, -are purged before their entrance into heaven, where nothiing that is defiled can enter." Then follows the next proposition, inseparably connected with the preceding, of " Prayers for the Dead." " We also believe that such souls so detained in 'Purgatory, being the living members of Christ Jesus, are relieved by the prayers and suffrages of their fellow-members here on earth. But where this place be, of what nature' or quality the pains be, how long souls may be there detained, in what manner the suffrages made in their behalf be applied, whether by -way of satisfaction or intercession. are questions superfluous and impertinent as to faith." Geraldine was pleased with the temperate and guarded manner in which this belief in a separate state was expressed, and then proceeded to the scrip tural'warrant for it, the first and most explicit au thority being, however from tMachabees, which, in the Church of England is received doubtfully, and placed amongst the apocryphal books of Scripture. Before, therefore, she dwelt much. on the oflering for the dead made by Judas Machabwes, she deter mined to know why the Catholic Church retained, and the Protestant Churches rejected these books, the principal importance of which, seemed evidenutly contained in.these very verses; anild, rising from her present occupation, she sought h!er filend Mlr. Everard, accosting him with, "' Prayr my dear Sir, why did the IProtestants at tihe Reformation reject those banks as apocryphal which the Catholics still retain P I principally refer to the books of the Mac habeec.". " Hecau.oe," repllied hle, '"they urge that the Christian Church could only receive the books of the Old Testament from the 'guardianship and sanction of the Jewish Church; and the books of the Machabees were not received (as canonical by the Jews, neither were those others, Which therefore theProtestants receive as doubtful or apocryphal." "'That, indeed, wasa strong argument in favour of the Protestants," returned Geraldine, pondering on this weighty reason. " I cannot think how the Catholics can justify their belief in the divine in spiration of these books."j " In the first place," replied Mr. Everarud. " the books of the Old Testament were compiled by Es dras, and sanctioned by the Sanhedrim, during his life : how then could those books be In Isis list which were written after his time P Of course, a fresh re visal must be made, a fresh sanction given; but this was now the authorized task of the Christian, not the Jewish Church." " When did the Christian Church admit these books into the canonical Scripture P" said Geraldine. "They were admitted at .the fourth Council of Carthage, together with that book of the, New Tes tament, hitherto held as doubtful, namely, the Apo calypse, or Revelations. Now, if you receive this book of Revelations from the authority of a Church council, upon what principle do you refuse to receive the Machabees, admitteed at the same time, except on the plea, that, directly the Christian Church differed from the Sanhedrim, thelloly Ghost ceased to direct her councils P Are you prepared to abide by this P" "No, indeed,"-replied Geraldine; " but I was not aware that.any doubt had arisen, respecting the Apocalypse, amongst the early Christians. Then the assertion of the Church of England, that she receives only those books as cononical which had never been held doubtful in the Church, is quite false." " Not only the Apocalypse was long held as doubt.; ful,but also the Epistle to the Hebrews, and other parts of tihe New Testament: namely, the last Clhapter of Mark, the twenty-second of Luke, the eighth of John, the second of Jude, the second of Peter; and the second and thirdofJohn; while various spurious gospels and epistles were circulated amongst the. faithful. In a previous council, held at Laodicea, these spurious gospels and epistles were pro-. nounced to be such, and accordingly rejected; but still the Book of Revelations, tie Epistle to the Hebrews, and the Books of the Machabees, were not formally .received till the Council of Carthage, iu 397, (for the progress ofthese researchs.was slow and deliberate) when the canon of Scripture was finally settled, never to be afterwards-disputed, till the period of the so- called Reformation." "Then, do the Catholics receive as canonical. all those books termed Apocryphal by Protestants P" " They do so. No Catholic reads or listens with doubt to any part of the written word, being assured that, if doubtful, these books would have been re jected by his Church, together with the Gospel of St. Peter, and other spurious works."' " Thank you my kind 'friend," said Geraldine, -" all this has been very interesting to me." " And yet," said Mr. Everard, " it has been ex traneous to the object you have immediately in view, that of proving the conformity of the present Ca tholic Church with the early ages of faith, an object which, woman-like, you quit directly, some new opening for research presents itself." " But this iscount of the reception and rejevtpja of the true and spurious books of the written word, is useful, as well as interesting," replied Geraldinue. " It is so," said he, " and therefore it was-not until I had given the information you desired, that I reminded you of your main object." " The conformity of the modern Catholic with the primitive Catholic Church, is certainly the prin cipal point at present," replied she; " but although this conformity, which I now have scarcely a doubt of proving, ought to decide at once my preference of this Catholic and unchangeable Church, still my Protestant habit of investigation leads me to find such interest in proving all things from Scripture, that I cannot relinquish the chief value of this Ca tholic book." And having now been convinced that she dared no more reject the Book of Machabees than that of Revelations, or the Epistle to the He brews, received solely on the divinely-directed deci sion of the Church, Geraldine returned with fresh pleasure to the account of the offering made by Judas Machabeus, in the second book, twelfth chapter, from the forty-third to the forty-sixth verse:-" Judas, the valiant commander, having made a gathering, he sent twelve thousand drachms of silver to Jeru salem, for sacrifice to beoffered for the sins ofithe dead, thinking welland religiously concerning the resurrection. For, if he had not hoped thatthey that were slain should rise again, it would have seemed superfluous and vain to pray for thedead. And, because he considered that they who had fallen asleep with godliness, had great grace laid nip for them. It is therefore a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that they may be loosed fromn their sins." SThe Scriptural references for that place of departcd spirits, where they are detained till purified fromall stainareas follows:-St. Peter iii. 18, 19, 20\. " Because Christ also died once for our sins, the just for tlhe unjust, that He might offer us to God, being put. to death, indeed in the flesh, but brought to life in the spirit. In which also he came and preached to those spirits that-were in prison, which had been incrcdulous, (or, in the ProteSatrit version, disobedient) when they waited fodft*e patience of God in the days of Noah." Then the warrant for believing that, in -.this prison, a purifying process takes place :--" And every man shall receive Iis own reward, according to his own labour. For other foundation~ can no. man lay but that which is laid, which is Jesuse Christ. Now, if any. man build upon this foun-: dation, gold, silver, precious stones, wood, Isy, stubble, every man's work shall be manifest; for the day of the Lordl shall declare it of what sort it is. if any man's work abide, which he hath built upon, he shall: receive a reward. If any man's work burn, he shali suffer loss, but lhe himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire !" Geraldine had, from:the writings of some old divines, and from the conver-: sation of her uncle, the Wardern, long held a vague belief in the separate state of souls. Sihe had also been Internally convinced, tlhant purificationi web essential to many, who.departed this life; having bolt on the only sure foundation, but whose Im perfect tempers, and other defalemeuts, must be purged, before the soul could enter the "New Jerusalem," of which it is said,-" There sall not enter into it anything defiled." "Yes," thoughlit she, " purification even toe faithful soul,is,from thlife apostle's testimony, clear enoughs: still I do not see that this process must necessarily take placeo in that , prison,' and not be instantaneously effected at the day of final jitdgment.? She lhad then recourse to the only method left for the Protestant to arrive at 'the true sense of Scripture in dificult passages, namely, that of abiding by the tenseof a word when once it hias been ascertained, Iby its simple position, in any plain part of Scripture; and having fixed the meaning of the word ' prison. from St. Peter's account of it, she turned to, those' parables of Christ in which, when the offender is Sast into :prison' lie has to ' pay the uttermost farthing,' before his release. After dwel ling on this, Geraldine was pleased to see the follow-. ing extracts from those early. Fathers, who are equally claimed by the Established, as by the Catholic Church:-Third century-St. Cyprian. " It is one thing to be a petitioner for pardon, another to arrive at glory: -one to be cast into prison, and not ga out thence till the last farthing be paid, and another to receive at once the reward of faith and virtue: one, in punishment of sin, to be purified by long suffering, and purged by long fire, and another, to have expiated all sins by previous suffering : one, in fine, at the day of Judgment, to wait the sentence of the Lord, another to receive an immediate crown from Him." Then follow the same sentiments on the text, and comments on the word' prison, from Tertullian, Origen, Eusebius, St. Basil, St. Cyril, St. Ambrose, St. Gregory of Nyssa, St. Chrysostom.St. Jerome, and along train of holy'and orthodox writers, terminating with St. Augustine, who, after much learned comment, adds this aspiration :-" Cleanse me so in. this life, make me such, that I may not stand in need of that purify ing fire; designed for those who shallbe saved yet so as by fire." Extracts from the Liturgies of the early Cshurches of Jerusalem, Rome, Constantinople, and others, proved the union of billef in the doctrine of a separate state, ana Geraldine, having finished these, read the following from the fouth Council of Carthage: " Penitents, who have carefully submitted to the laws of the Church, should they accidentally die on the road, or by sea, where no assistance can be given, shall be remembered in the prayers -and offerings of the faithful." From this early council, - in the pure ages of the Church, the last appeal was to the final Council of Trent, which states as follows:-" As the Catho lic Church, instructed by the Holy Spirit, has taught in her councils, from the sacred writings, and the ancient tradition of the Fathers, and this synod has now recently declared that there is a Purgatory,and that the souls therein detained are helped by the suffrages of the faithful, but principally by the acceptable sacrifice of the altar.-Therefore, this holy synod gives her commands to the bishops -to be particularly careful that the sound doctrine con cerning Purgatory, which has been delivered by the holy Fathers and sacred councils be taught, and -held, and believed, and be everylwhere preached ; that:all abstruse and subtle questions, which tend not to edification, and from which piety seldom draws any advantage, be avoided in public discourses be fore the people." Tihe next point of faith noted down to have been held by the early Christians, was the intercessory prayers of those departed into glory, especially the martyrs, for their militant brethrein on earth. Mos heim records the ' superstition' boldly, and Milner, after many regrets and excuses, owns the same fatal corruption. Geraldine had passed over the senti ments of both historians, and lhad simply noted the fact, that, in the first five centuries of the Church, Christians implored the intercessory prayers of the martyrs, and other departed saints. She now turned to the ' Faith of Catholics, and read,-" Catholics are persuaded that the angels and saints in heaven, replenislhed with charity, pray for iis, the fellow members of the latter here on earth ; that they re joice in our conversion; that, seeing God; they see and know in\Him all things suitable to their happy state; and that God may be inclined to hear their requests made in our behalf, and, for their sakes, may grant us many favours ;--therefore we believe that it is good and profitable to invoke their inter cession. Can this mode of intercession be more injurious to Christ our Mlediator, than it is for one Christian to beg the prayers of another P However, Catholics are -taught not so to rely on the prayers of others, as to neglect their own duty to God, in imploring his divine mercy and goodness, in mortifying the deeds of the.flesh, in despis ing the world, in lovling and serving God and their neighbours, in following the footsteps of Christ our Lord, who is the way. the truth, and the life, to whom be honour and glory for ever and ever : Amen." Touched by the sentiments here expressed, Ge raldine read this point of Catholic doctrine twice, and then, without dwelling at that time on the triple refererice which followed, to Scripture, to the Fathers, and to the Church Councils, opened her note book again, and found that miraculous powers of healing, and other supernatural gifts, were believed to remain in-the Church of Christ during the early ages : and now, re-opening her Catholic book, she searched for the real doctrine of Catholics on that point. Not meeting with the subject directly, she turned to the table of contents, under the title of * Miracles,' or ' Miraculous Gifts,' but in vain; till having, in the hope of discovering the subject under a different head, turned over every leaf in the book, and being reluctant again to disturb Mr. Everard, site endea voured fruitlessly to unravel thle mnystery of so im portant an omissilon as that of ' miracles, in a book professing to state thie ' faith of Catholics.' No opportunity occurred of consulting her learned friend till the evening, when, having expressed her surprise at having been baffled where she had least expected it, Mr. Everarl increased this surprise still more, by asking""how she came to expect, amongst The vital doctrines of Catholics, that which was op tiossal to atl,'tind forced on none P" \- " Do~ jyou really mean, Mfr. Everard, that~ Ca. tholics do not believe in miracles P" S."They must, as true Catholics," replied he, "believe in the miracles of the Old and New Testa mnent : but I repeat'that thIe Church forces oas no one tihe behlief in any later fact of supernatural in tervention." " Then why do tlhey choose to believe in such perpetual wonders as are occurring, or appear to occur, in their Church, till Catlhqlics have become the laughing-stock of Protestants P" ' They are not forced to credit, but, at the same time. they are not forced to discredit, those maui festations of supernatural istervention, to lwhich, if attested by well nccredited authority, they yield hIis torical belief. Tlhe enlightened Catholic owns, with pious gratitude, that the power of miracles has con tinsed in the Church of God I for he finds no war rant, either in Scripture or ecclesiastical recordi to suppose that any of the divine gifts once imparted are withdrawn; but, on the contrary, finds every thing to confirsn his belief that the promises of the unlchangeable God are for ever. The well instructed Catholic feels assured, therefore, thIat God has con. tinued in and by hIis Church, miraculous powers; :but he expects .tle manifrestation of them to be but seldom, and when they do take place, hlie is ready to own that the judgments of the Lord are inscrutable, aud hIis ways past finding out I" "The belief of the enlightened Catholic is per fectly comprehlensible and beautiful," said Geraldine ; " but that samin belief in weak and ignorant minds leads to all that folly and superstition, of which I have heard so much to disgust and alarm me." " Yes !!' said Mr. Everard, "that same beli, f 'would lead tie ignorant and weak toexpect that, on every occasion seemingly important, within the, narrow circle of their intelligence, God would vouch safe a miracle. Their own especial place of worship, their favourite saint, his relics, and representation, stand in the foreground of their limited view, and they are ready to believe in perpetual wonders re specting them. Still, in the credulity of. the most ignorant Catholic -mark this, Geraldine-the germ of truth is there, in the persuasion that God Almighty's love and watchfulness are ever with his Church, and that ministering spirits hover round its courts." (Tb be continued.) 