PERVERSION TO THE CHURCH OF ROME. LEEDS, Tuesday.-Considerable excitement has been caused in Leeds, by a clergyman and two other members of the Church of England having left the pale of the establishment, and gone over to the Church of Rome, into which they were received at St. Ann's Roman Catholic chapel, in this town, on Friday last, by the Rev. H Walmsley, the senior priest at that place of worship. The persons who have gone over to the Romish church are the Rev. R G Macmullen, Fellow of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, who has been for some time residing with the Rev. R. Ward, the vicar of St Saviour's church in this town, Mr. T. W. Wilkinson, B.A., who your correspondent understands, belongs to a respectable family in the county of Durham, and received his degree at the Durham University, and who has also been residing with Mr Ward, and Mr D H. Haigh, a young man who was recently a merchant in Leeds, but who gave up business a short time ago on being left a considerable fortune by a relative. Mr. Haigh lately offered to give £10,000 for the building and endowing of a church in Leeds and the offer having been accepted by the bishop of the diocese, the foundation stone of the intended edifice was laid a few weeks ago; but we suppose, whether or not he has paid any of the money over for the purposes of erecting the church, that it will not be erected, now that he has seceded from the Protestant Church, In the course of his discourse at the parish church on Sunday morning last, the Rev. Dr. Hook, the vicar of this town, alluded in the following terms to the " perversion : " It has never been my custom to treat subjects controversially in this pulpit. Nay, I have been censured by polemics because I am accustomed to state to you the doctrines of the Church of England plainly and dogmatically, without reference to the gainsayings of opponents; but there are times when a deviation from a rule becomes necessary and I must, lest any of you should be perplexed, advert to the events which have occurred last week, in the adjoining parish of St. Saviour's. It is a very great satisfaction, though it be not in mingled with regret, to find that an individual who has been there inculcating the doctrines of the Church of Rome through the instrumentality of the Church of England, has at last declared himself. It is no palliation of his sin that he has gone from us, when his intention to deceive the unwary having been detected, he was unable to pervert any more persons in this town. It is a relief-a satisfaction, to know that he cannot any longer corrupt the unsus . pecting. It is, indeed, with respect to him, a subject of regret that, having seen the light, he should have chosen the darkness for it indicates, as we learn from Scripture, the source from which the fault has proceeded. It is a subject of regret that he should have been permitted to lead astray a few others, whose weakness of intellect will, we hope, be admitted as their excuse at the great day. But it is a relief and a satisfaction that the leader has declared himself openly. I did not think it well to introduce in this place such a subject as this but I addressed those who are members of the church institution in a lecture upon The Principles of the English Reformation ;' and when that lecture was delivered, it was incautiously declared-and the declaration has been subsequently repeated-that to those principles and to the principles always inculcated by him who now addresses you, the establishment in the adjoining parish of St. Saviour's was intended to stand opposed that their opposition to my principles was stronger than their opposition to any other class of principles,-¿vi dently because they perceived the good old Church of England principles, always maintained in this church, presents the most decided and invincible barrier to Popery. It was in an evil hour that consent was given to an unknown individual to erect the church to which allusions has been made ; but when the principles of the founder began to develops themselves in the kind of structure which was reared, the clergy of Leeds who attended the consecration of it, signed a protest before they attended, repudiating Popery. It seemed after this for some time, that our fears had been unduly excited, and things were going on satisfactorily, until St. Saviour's, this summer, was declared to be, under the Leeds Vicarage Act, an independent parish. And then came the clergy who were strangers to us at the parish church, and the Church of England was attacked, while the Church of Rome was eulogised. On my remonstrating with the patrons of that church, I was reminded that I had no more to do with St. Saviour's than I had with a parish in London, My reply was that this was true, but that when a hornets' nest is planted at my garden gate, I am in duty bound to warn my ¡ children, lest they should be stung ; hence it was that I wrote the lecture to which I have alluded. It was said, in rejoinder, that the hornets' nest might form a hive of sweet honey ; but last week but too truly shown what the honey is. It may be well to add, that the unfortunate person who has been doing this mischief was not a licensed clergy I man in this diocese. Having ascertained his character, I informed the bishop of my sus ! present, and the bishop refused to license him, though he continued for a time to officiate without a license, this being unknown to the bishop, who, on being acquainted with the fact, silenced him. The mischief already done | yet been great, and it will be for you to determine at another time whether a memorial to the bishop may not be expedient, requesting him (9 usually a wandering vi marry Mr respect to the practices of that parish, for it I is not to be expected that sworn servants of the Church of England should be permitted to I goon magnifying her faults, and at the same time representing the vices of the Church of Rome as virtues. To this we must put a stop if we can and you must be warned that more perversions will take place unless an effectual remedy is adopted. Of the firmness mingled with kindness, evinced by our bishop, those who have had intercourse with him on this subject bear grateful testimony and he is ready, I believe, to come to the assistance of the true-hearted members of the Church of England in every possible way, and at the same time act with justice to the llomani/.ers. I have felt it due to you, my beloved brethren, to make this statement. You must be well aware a that by wicked and malignant men this affair will be so represented as if this sin was the result of the principles here inculcated. It is well for you, therefore, to be reminded of what you are well aware, that the principles here incul- cated have, are, and, while life last to me, ever shall be the some-the good old principles of the Church of England, equally removed from Puritanism and from Popery. I confidently rely on the generous support of my own flock. Here, you are taught to acknowledge the glory of the Eternal Trinity, and in the power of the Divine Majesty to worship the Unity, while you repudiate the prayers which are addressed to saints. Here, you are taught to worship God and God only and to regard the Virgin Mary as a creature, like yourselves, waiting the day of judgment, though of human creatures she was doubtless the most holy, as she was used as the instrument through which our God was brought into the world. Here, you are taught to worship God in spirit and in truth, and not, in violation of the second com- mandment, to fall down before wood and stone, the work of men's hands. Here, you are told of the fal!, the corruption, the guilt, the helplessness of men : of the necessity of repentance, and of turning from every sin. Here, you are taught to rely on the one full, perfect, and sufficient sacrifice, oblation, and satisfaction made for sins by the atoning blood of Christ, our God, upon the cross ; not repeated, not continued, but gratefully communicated and applied to the benefit of individual souls in the Holy Communion. Here, you will be told of justification by faith in the blood of the atonement, and of the sanctification of the justified by the mighty operations of God the Holy Ghost upon the soul. Here you will be reminded of the dead, the future judgment of all mankind according to their works, and eternal punishment in hell as the wages of sin, and eternal happiness in heaven as the gift of God through Jesus Christ. Here you will be reminded of the blessings and the responsibilities of belonging to a church which is the bulwark, not of the Reformation only, but of Catholicism itself a church, which, I repeat it, is removed from the Puritan on the one side, and on the other from that worst corruption of Christianity, which is indeed a type of Anti-Christ from Popery." We understand that Dr. Hook's Lecture on the Reformation, alluded to above, is just about to be published. The Church of St. Saviour's, in Leeds, is one that was erected by an unknown individual," who sent his money through the Rev. Dr. Pusey. It was opened in 1845, and Dr. Pusey preached the sermon on the evening of the day of consecration. 