THE GREAT APOSTACY ; OR THE CHURCH OF ROME PROVED NOT . THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, But the Greatest Enemy to Christ, to His Doctrine, and to His Religion . an answer. to COBBBTT's history of the reorma- tion. « But there were, at Canterbury, two objects by which the Reformation birds of prey were particul arly attracted 5 namely, the monastery of.SK Austin and the to/Ub of Thomas a Becket. The former of these renowned men, to whose preaching and whose lonir life of incessant and most disinterested labour England owed the establishment of Christianity m the land, had, for eight or nine nt"ne\k®en re garded as the Apostle ot England. His shrine was in the monastery dedicated to him ; and as it was, in all respects, a work of great magnificence, it ottered a plenteous booty to the plunderers, who, it they could have got at the tomb of Jesus Christ lnmself, and had found it equally rich, would, beyond all question, have torn it to pieces. But, rich as this prize was, there was a greater in the shrine of Thomas a Baeket, in the cathedral church. Becket, who was archbishop of Canterbury, in the reign of Henry 1L, who resisted that king, when the latter was manifestly preparing to rob the church, and to enslave and pilage the people, had been held in the highest veneration all over Christendom for more than three hundred years, when the Reformation plunderers assailed h;s tomb ; but especially was his name venerated in England, where the people looked upon him as a martyr to their liberties as well as their rehgnn. he having been barbarously murdered by ruffians seat from the king, and for no other cause than that he perserved in re sisting an attempt to violate the Great Charter. Pilgrimages were coutinually made to bis tomb of ferings incessantly poured into it: churches, and has- pitals, and other establishments of piety and charity were dedicated to him, as, for instance, the Church of Saint Thomas in the city of London, the monastery of Sende, in Surry, the hospital of Saint Ihomas, in the borough of Southward and things of this sort, in great numbers, all over the country. The offer ing! at hisshrine had made it exceeding') rich and magnificent. A king of France had mond, supposed to be the most valuable then in Eu rope. Hume, never losing sight of the douhle object of maligning the Catholic religion and degrading the English nation, ascribes this sort of1lial,0fr'0" f Becket to the craft of the priests and to the! Tolly and superstition of the people. He is vexed to death to have to relate, that more than a hu ndred 1h1aa pilgrims to Beckel's shrine have been assembled at one time in Canterbury. Indeed! why, then, there must have been some people living m England, e en in those old <imes; and those people must have had some wealth too; though, according to the whole fenor of toe lying book, which the scotch call our hi.v.ory, thi - was, at the time I am now speaking of, tL poor, beggarly, scarcely-inhabited couutry . I he cityofCanterM-v does not how cpntam men, women, and children, ah counted and well puffed out more than twelve thousaand seven hundred and twenty souls! Poor souls ! How could they find lodging and entertainment for a hundred thousand grown persons ? And this, too observe, at one Corner of the island. None but persons of some substance, could have performed such a journey. Here is a fact that just slips out sideways, which is of itself much more than enough to make us reflect and inquire, before we swallow down what the Scotch philosophers are now presenting to us oh the subjects of national wealth and population. And, then, as to the craft and superstition which Hume says. produced this concourse of pilgrims. Just as if either were neces sary to produce unbounded veneratiou Jor the name of a man, of whom it was undeniably true, that he had sacrificed his life,aod that, too, inthempbt signal manner, for the rights and liberties and religion of his country. Was it ' ioliy and superstition,' or it was it wisdom and gratitude and real piety, to show by overt acts, veneration for such a man? The bloody tyrant vvho had sent M >re and Fisher to the block, and who of course, hated the name of Beckett, caused his ashes to be dug up, and : scattered in the air, and forbade the injure insertion of his name in the calendar. We, do' not, therefore, find it in the Calendar of the Common Prayer Book ; Lut it is a most curious fact, we find it, in Moore's Almanack; an that almanick it is for this very year 1825, and, thus, in spite of the ruthless tyrant and. in spite of all the liars of the ' Reformation/ the;. English na tion has always continued to Be just and grateful to the memory of this celebrated man.'' You write of Christianity like one who knows no thing about it. Christianity is neither 44 English" nor Irish, French, nor Italian; it is heavenly, divine in its origin, holy in its influence, and framed for all people, all ages, and all nations, Canterbury was tne cradle of Popery in England It was once the royal citv of the kings of Kent; and was given by King Etbelbert, when be was converted to young Popery (then in embryo), to Auuustin, the first arch bishop, about the year 598. But the ancient Britons are believed to have had at least one archiepiscopal see before this time.— See Burn's Ecc. Law. vol. i. p. 175. . . mL The fable things you have written about Thomas a Becket at once contradict all history, and shock- common sense. Hfe appears, by the most impartial judgement that can be formed, to have been a wicked man; yet the Apostate Church has made him a saint ! There would have been as much piety in making the devil a saint, cannonizing him as Saint Lucifer, as id making this protector of murderers a saint. . ... I will here present you with the unvarnished ac count which Burnet gives of this saint and his rich shrine at Canterbury. 44 The richest shrine in England," says Burnet, vol. i. part i. page 317, was that of Thomas . Becket, cal. led Saint Thomas of Canterbury, the Martyr; who, being raised up by King Henry II. to .the arch bishopric of Canterbury, did afterwards give that king much trouble, by opposing his authority, and exalting the Pope's. And, though he once consented to the articles agreed on at Claredon, for bearing down the papal, and secuiing the regal power ; yet he soon after repented of that only piece of loyalty of which he was guilty all the while he was archbishop. He fled to the Pope, who received him as a confessor, not lor Christ, or for his truth, but for the dearest article of the Roman belief. The King and kingdoms were excommunicated, and put under an interdict, upon his account. But afterwards, upon the inter cession of the French king, King Henry and he were reconciled, and the Interdict was taken off. Yet his unquiet spirit could take no rest; for he was no sooner at Canterbury than he began to embroil the kingdom again; and was proceeding by censures against the Archbishop of York, and some other bishops, for crowning the king's son in his ; absence. Upon the news of that, the King, being then in Nor mandy, said, 4 If he had faithful servants, he would not be so troubled with such a priest whereupon some zealous or officious courtiers came over and kil led him ; for which as the king wa« made to undergo a severe penance, so the monks were not wanting, in the ordinary arts, to give out many miraculous stories concerning |his blood. This soon drew ca nonization from Rome ; and he, being a martyr for the Papacy (not for Christ, mind), was more extolled than all. the Apostles, or primitive saints had ever been : so, that, for three hundred years, lie was ac counted one of the greatest saints in heaven, as may appears from the accounts of the ledger- books of the offerings made to the three greatest altars in Christ's Church, at Canterbury. The one was to Christ, the; other to the Virgin, and the other to St Thomas. In one year there was offered 44 At Christ's altar.. .... ..£3 2s. 6d. At the Virgin's altar.... 63 5 6 At St. Thomas's altar. .. 832 12 3 ' 44 But the next year the odds were greater' for 44 At L hrist's altar was offered .£0 0s. (>d. At the Virgin's only 4-1 8 But at St. Thomas's ...... 954 6 3 44 By such offering it came that his shrine was of inestimable value. There was one precious stone, offered there by Louis Vll. of France, who came over to visit it in a pilgrimage, that was believed to be the richest in Europe, i : 44 Nor didgtkey thiuk it enough to give him one day in the Calendar, the 29th of December , but un usual honors were devised for this martyr of Popery, greater than any that had been given to the martyrs of Christianity. The day of raising his body, or, as they called it, of his translation, being the 7th of July, was uot only aholyday, but every fifteenth year there was a jubilee for. fifteen days together, aud indulgence was granted to ail that came to visit his shrine. By such arts they drew an incredible deal nf wealth to his shrine. . The riches of it, together with his disloyal practices, made King Henry VIII". re solve both Jo unshrine and unsaint him at once. And then his skull, which had beeu much worshipped, was found an imposture j for the true skull was found lying with the rest of his bones in his grave. The shrine was broken down and carried away ; the gold that was about it filling two chests, which were so heavy-that they were a load to eight strong men to carry them out of the church. The King ordered his name to be struck out of the Calendar, and the office for his festivity to be dashed out of all breviaries. And thus Was the superstition of England to images and relics extirpated/' 180\. Such is the infatuating and degrading ten deney of Popery I The priests having got the people to believe that this traitorous man was a saint of the first order, the poor superstitious dupes came from tar and near to visit his tomb. They bowed, they crossed, they reverenced, they adored this dead man— the priests got their money. Miracles were believed to be performed at his tomb j relics were exhibited ; and such was the infatuation of the people, that 100,000 pilgrims have been assembled at one time in Canterbury 1 The genius of Popery is ptetty / fairly illustrated, in the weakness, wickedness, aud madness to which it gave rise in the saintship of Thomas a Becket. Such was the ignorance and superstition of Papists in England, that they dedicated churches, colleges and monasteries to this monstrous saint In the reign of Edward I, A.D. 1307., Sir Robert de Holland built and dedicated a collegiate church to Saint Thomas the Martyr, as be was then called, in Up-Holland in Lancashire ; and in 1319 it was changed into a Bene dictine priory, on the petition of Sir Robert de Hol la nd, Knight Patron, by Walter, Bishop of Litchfield Sir Robert, the founder, endowed it with lands in Holland, Orrell, and Dalton. At the Suppression the pyiory contained five monks, and twenty-six servants It was give by Henry VIII, to John Holcroft. The land in Up Holland, and some other places, granted to the monastary, is exempt from all payment of tithts At Burscough, near Latham, waa a priory of Aus tin, or black canons, founded by Robert Fitz- Henry, Lord of Latham, in the reign of Richard I. St Ni cholas was the tutelar saint ol this house. It had a prior, five monks, and forty servants. This priory was, at the time of Its visitation, endowed with an annual revenue of £129 Is. lOd. or about £2580 per annum of our preseut money ; and the prior, Hugh Woodbewer, was living with a woman in a stale of incontinency at that time. Near the road from Ormskirk to Newburgh, on the left hand side, not, far from Bythe Hall, in the midst of a meadow, or pasture, are to be seen (1838) two rugged walls, formly connected by an arch. They stand, in summer and winter, in naked desolation, just marking the spot of its ancient gran deur, and preaching a pathetic, il notaa eloquent ser mon to passers by, on the changeableness of all hu man things, and especially on the mutability of all religious institutions which are hostile to, or not built upon, the immutable truth ol God. These meagre ruins are mouldering over the ashes of many of the ancient Earls of Derby, who chose this abbey for their burial-place of yore, but who have, for some generations past, been sepulchred in the church at Ormskirk. A dark and rapid streem, cal led the Taud, which, in old English oak, runs within field's breadth from the ruin; and many of the 44 rude forefathers of the hamlet" sleep in the dust of death, hard by the spot. The abbey at Windeshaw, two miles from St. Helens, was, il is supposed, dedicated to this same rebellious and sin-patronising saint. It is an old, ruined Popish structure, of great antiquity, not easily known by whom founded ; but it is the burial-place of Papists to ihis day, and is held in great veneration by the people of the neighbourhood. My quarrel is not with any of these ruins, but with the superstition to which we trace their origin ; and it i9 better to see the country garnished with these remnants of monachism, than garrisoned by the black army of the monks of the Apostate Church, 181\. You come now to your last wailing note over these fallen temples of supersiition. Yet 1 cannot re gret, with you, their utter ruin — yea, their extermina tion. Reared by superstition, and dedicated to dead men and women, they were more like heathen tem ples than Christian houses of prayer : they too plainly indicated the low and carnal ideas which their builders entertained of the worship required by the great Je- hovah, Modern places of worship, which are now happily raised in every part of this country, are much superior, in comfort and convenience to the worship pers, to those ancient demi-heatheu temples. I would especially adduce, as an instanue, the neat and sim ple meeting-houses of 44 the Society of Friends. ' The building. has nothing at all to do with the wor ship offered up in it. Even the magnificent temple ot Solomon became an occasion of sin and superstition to the Jews j for, having lost the true spirit of devo tion, they gloried more in their glorious temple than in Jehovah, 44 their living strength " During the long period that elapsed between their exodus from Egypt to the reign of David, they had no such thing as a temple, from one end of the land to the other ; neither does it appear that David was first commanded to build one, — and that, perhaps, because of the prone ness of the nation to superstition. Let the following passages of Scripture be well considered, and 1 think they will justify the foregoing views. 2 Samuel yii. 7 ; — 44 Iu ait the places wherein 1 have walked with all the children of Israel, spake I a word with any of the tribes of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people Israel, saying, Why build ye not me an house of cedar?" compared with Acts vii. 48, 49, 50, 44 Howbeit, the Most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands ; as saith the prophet, Heaveu is my throne, and earth is my footstool ; what house will ye build me? saith the Lord : or what is the place of my rest? Hath not my hand made all these thins?" Whether these views ate just or uot, we know the splendour of their 44 glorious house," before which the Popish gothic temples sink, divested ot their gran deur, did not save it from utter destruction, when they pollutted it, and made it a 44 den of thieves": much less could it be expected that those worse than dens of thieves should escape the wrath of heaven. Now when these things are considered, and espe cially when we know that the leprosy of Popery cleaved to them, who can wonder or regret that they were swept from the face of the land with the bosom of destruction ? 44 So Moses, by divine commaad, Forbad the leprous house to stand ; When once the fatal spot had grown, Pull down the timbers and dig up the stone." ; It is too much to say that many of these sumptuous buildings were erectev with the price of blood ? and that their decorations were made with the money pro. cured by the pronouueing the pardon of sin, and the sale of indulgences? Du Piu allows that the erection of Saint Peter's Church, at Rome, was the occasion of the sale of indulgences. — Book ii. chap. i. John Tetzel, 44 the frontles9 monk," who Was the Pope's wholesale and retail agent lor the sale of in dulgences, blasted that he had saved more souls from hell by his indulgences, than St. Peter had con verted to Christianity by .his preaching. He assured the purchasers of them, that their crimes, however enormous, would be forgiven : whence it became al most needless for him to dismiss all fears concerning their salvation ; for, remission of sins being fully ob tained, what doubt could there be of salvation ? In the usual form of absolution, written by his own hand, he said, 44 May our Lord Jesus Christ have mercy uponrihee, and absolve thee by the merits of bia most holy passion 1 And I, by his authority, that of his most holy apostels Peter and Paul, and of the most holy Pope; granted and committed to me in these parts, do absolve the, first, from all ecclesiastical censures, whatever manner they have been incurred ; then from all sins, transgressions, and excessess, how enormous soever they be, eveu for such as are reserved for the cognizance of the holy see : and as far as the keys of the Church extend, I remit to thee all the punishment which thou hast deserved on their ac count'; and I' restore thee to the holy sacraments of the Church, and to that innocence and purity which thou didst possess at baptism : so that when thou diest, the gates oi hell shall be shut, and the gates of heaven shall be opened ; and if thou shall riot die at present, this grace shall remain in force when thou art at the'point cif death. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' To such a pitch of power and wickedness bad the clergy of the Apostate Church arisen, in the reign of Henry II., that one hundred murders had been perpetrated by- them without - having ever been salted to account.- This Beckett was a protector of murderers. A clhfk in Worcestershire, haying de bauched a. gentleman's daughter, had. proceeded to murder. her lather, and thg King required the clerk to be delivered up to punishment before the magistrates, but Beckett insisted on the privileges of the .Church, and confined the criminal in the bishops' prison, lest he should be seized by the King's officers ; main taining that no greater punishment could be inflicted on nim than degradation, —FiUSteph, p. 33, aud Hist.Qoad. p22. 