ORGANIZATION OF AFREECnURCH IN THE SWISS CANTON DE VA0D. FIRST HEETJNQ OF ITS 8TSOD, . rmniunv, Mincn,1847? \I rom tuu CHRISTIAN IlRftALD.) The pvnod constituting Ilia Frco Church mot at lausouno on the 25th February, under the presidency of Mon. Miovilio, j>astor, and close itssittirgson tiie 12th March. The number of delegates present was eighty' two. I'hB corB'jtotion, as drann up by a Com- mittre or Bino memLe.-g, and tnuumittcd to the churches in January last, laid the foun dation of tiie Fro a .Church on rresbytqrian principles. Those princijlce wore con- tinned at tho meeting of Synod. The liberty of the churchos,— tho voluntary union of churches into one body, represented by a Synod,— the proclamation or tho vital doctrines of the frospel,— the Full and entirO surremacy of Jesus Christ over his Church, — brotherly relations withotiiar Churches, and if Deed bo, union nith them, — the ne cessity of a testimony of adhoreqoc to (he Church before union with it ;— all theso' formed tho leading prineiplusdf tho consti- i tuiion adopted. .The constitution or tha Free Church is laid don-n in seven chapters I. The Faith of the Free Church ; II.- Its Members, and their Privileges ; III. Blanner of Appoints ing Office-bearers ; IV. The Synod, its Mombers and Duties : V. The Office-bearers of (he Church j VL Tlio Publio Worship of the Free Clinrch ; VII. Tho Discipline of the Church. The Faith of1 tho Ciiureh embraces the following articles :— 1st, Those Churthes formod in tlio yoar 1845, in the Canton dS Vaud, for the purposo of maintaintaining the rights of CJirist over his Church, the purity of an evangelical ministry, religions liberty, and sound dsctrinc, are hereby con stituted into one body, under the name of the Free Evangelical ChurclL 2nd, The Church adheres to the faith of the Apoatolia Church, to the Churches in all ages who havo profossod tho doctrine of a free salva tion by the blood of Christ. It adheres, also, to tho Evangelical Churches which, in the sixteenth feutury, expressed rkei- faith so admirably in their symbolical books, more cs|>cciaily in the Hclretic Confession of Faith. With Yti esc 'Confessions, the Synod heiioves in the Divine inspiration, and in tlio authority end ontiro suffloienoy, or the Scriptures of tlio Old and Now Testaments. It professes its faith in ono God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and - recognises that since tho fall of man, the only way in which be can be saved is by A. living faith in Jesus Christ, who is God manifest in ti e flosh, — truly God ' and trnly hum, the only Mediator between God end man, tlio great High Priest of the new covenant, who died for our si os and rose again for our justifica tion, and who is now raised to the right hand of God, where ho qvrcises all nowcr in hcaren and earth, and from which be communicates to the faithful . and to tlio Church, by tho Holy Spirit, whom ho sends from tho Falhor, all necessary grace for regeneration; and for .practising good works ; and from whence He shall come to raiso tho dead, to judge tho world in righteousness, and to confer upon his peonlo otornal lifo ; and is able, in a word, perfeotiy to save ail who draw near unto God by him. Thcso tho Cbnrcii regards as tho centre and foundation of Christian troth. 8d. Tlie'Frcc Church consecrates itself en tirely to tiie sendee and glory of Jesus Christ, whom she recognises aalior onlv head and to whom alone, whilst rendering ts Caesar the tilings that are Ciesar's, she ti resolved, in dependence on his strength Vi be in obedience us a faithful spouse to her husband. 4tli. Holding these principles, Free Church declares her intention of mala, taming friendly relations, and if need b uniting more closely with all Churches pos sessing spiritual life and professing the samt fnith. Mil. Tlio Freo'Cliurcl. regards hn_ self, in so far ns sho is a portion of (hi Universal Cburcli, ns a holy convocation of God. Without- therefore, forgetting that the baptism which saves us, is not that which removes the filth of Uie ti Osli, billtiiiq answer of a good conscience before Godi and tlic resurrection of Jesus. Gbtiitq (Peter iii. 21),she recognises that tho Infants' of sUcii as are baptised, are thereby igtre-'l duood into tho vlslblo Chtfreh, and thu ihe baptism of water is tho outward ,rits to be J employed for that purpose. The1 Free, Churcli, consequently, allows tho members oj other Churches to participate in her actad religious worship, and % celebrating (fi I/Ord's Snppor, uhder-ftAVSO Of thelr'soleafi responsibility to G oA. Jjlp also otfrrs. tij means or gracefwilli wliica she is entrusts to nil who may wish to avail theinselvca < her ministrations. She recognises as.ia members all those who haveboen' baplhel and who, 1 laving fnlfillod their baptisfi rows, express their desire to be cOttnebt) with her. Tho Chnrelj intends pn riding instruction for the but docs not mean thereby' to less tho obligations of parerta to instri tlicir cliildron. Oth, The Free Chun is govornod by its constituted oSo bearers, each of whoin ' must ' silm' ) promoting the spiritnal good of ,fl Church and of its members, "( that tho whole body, fitly joined toge&s; and compacted by that which' ers joint supplicth, according to the effects working in the measure of erenff, maketh increase of the body unto tu d fying of itself in love." (Eph. iv. 16) government belongs .to members ofifi Cliurcb, to the sessions of particular tlM grcgutions, and to tho Synod, Its -Ootaidis sions. ; > '/ .' I The articles 7 and 8 (chap, ii) po o who arc member and tlio part thtys called to take In the election of paste it, li other duties connected with the church. Articles 0-13, both inclosire (chip.fi. refer to the formation of kirk session tcti of choosing oldors, tlicur charajetar.' thi public ordination, and the duties of IN oRina. ' i Articles 14-17 (cbap. iv.) refor ta'fi Synod, the number of its members, and tab of electing them ; the splrituil power's trusted to tiio Synod, and 'the Oomnddfc appointed by it, for carrying on thebsudu of tiio Church. _ r. Articles 18-27 (chip. v.kecify fhs pi bearers of the Ch urclPtut, doacons, and dcacoDtssea, and ths dulics l>elonEring to these recpeotivftiw Arlioles 28 aad 28 (chop, vi) rtfir tiie public worship of tho ChUrtffi . >. Articles 30-40 (chap ril.) have rtftM to tlic discipline of the Gtsxoh,— tiaM tk methods that most ho adopted . fat those who hare faileo, the zieoeadtj tender, and jet faithful, hi the dljphiH the duty, and that, In all things i pray era be offered op for fpoidaziMttM viiie diroction. At die oonclnnon of the !aboan«T Synod, the following teftolntioo was ta juously anproyod, -via.,: — " That at the'ti of its eltuns, during whioh BO mnchef divine poodness lias been experiexiOOV Synod .would tanoWyky at tiie fooUtH Js-luogroe© the result of Its' dttMrih Tho Synod recognis with profoandgj tude tiiat, but for the blearing - V eOrereign Head of the Cburoh, it oon hero accomplished it took with harmony and kind interchange of biwtk feeling. Whilst the mombers of |ha Sj would hninblo tbomsree before Got account of the many lipperi'cctlfifu i nectod with the work, they would, nii tholes, confidentW plaoe it in the their Heavenly Father, earnestly prtty that Iiq would pardon its dofocts, and £ to tnoke uso or ft for hi owojglory, for establishment of the kingdom of Ja Chst in our country, and for the reoft Uio Churches organised on the prmaip set forth by the Synod." The folloMn- declaration wka thlriVf by eighty -two it. embers of Synod > " We, the undersigned, mombert #tl Synod, dolegged from the Choffiet f<fl in the Canton de Vaud, for |ho nniwM maintaining the rights of Jetls 6bnt his Oiorch, the purity of The xnlnUtrrt ; ligipiis liberty, and Pound dpbtriiie, dai ai.far as rogards onraelret of par fusfl tance -of tho above , gmtnl of organWHon. We present It te I Church bb from which we tiare baee riri delegates, for their acceptance the sovereign Head of te ObvM'v 1 Bcead to Hit His seal to the day, aad may the Spirit oF wisdoa ip power rest on those oalled to psm lr ana to His name be all>the Iusnnne, IMarcIyM . ; 