MISCELLANEOUS ! A tyrannical master who was abusing his clerk -. was. told by the latter "ihai be paid an hundred, 1 a year for the use of bis fingers , not of his feel- \ ingsf , " Mother moiher, here's Zeke fretting the baby!— Make hitn cry again, Zeke i then mother ' will give him some sugar, and I'll take it away i from him ; then he'fl squall— and mother will. | give more and yon can take that and then we'll . both have some.— Yankee. A fidgetty friend of mine, worried past endu rance by the long continued monotonous 'cry of a Jew salesman, and his vile inarticulate pro- nounciation, at last spoke to him— Why will i -you never say the word 'clothes,? but always 'O . clo P"' The Jew replied—-" If you'd cot to ' shay 'old cloashe two and forty thousand times r in d day, you'd be glad too leaVe out d' hard letters/' And a very good reason too. i A Sentrntioos Word.— Last week, at a village in Sta%rdshire?1 a- boy having, been de tained from .school to assist the familv in sorting potatoes, in order, to arrest the progress ! of the contagioo, was required by the schoolmas ter to bring 'word ; what was the cause of his absence; which next morning appear in a note from the father, containing this single but com prehensive word.— Kepatomateriny, ' Washington made a Freemason in the Lodge of the 46th Regiment.— Tbe Mcih- treal Courrier has the following singular circum stances connected with the Fieemasons' Lodge in ihe 46th Regiment s—' The 46th Regiment, now stationed in Lapraire, will relieve the 60ih Rifles now in Montreal, in the course of a. few days ; ihe 60th are going to Halifax. There is ad interesting fact connected wi'h this corps which is probably new to bur readers. There has been for upwards of a century a Freemasons. Lodge in the 46th-in this lodge George Wash ington was made a mason during the time the regiment was stationed in the colonies, before the outbreak of the revolutionary" war. The re gister of this lodge contains Washington's signa ture in his own hand writing, and still, possesses the; Bible on which the great man took the oath of initiation. The chest containing the books and regalia of the lodge was captured by the A- mericans during the war, and taking to Washing ton, but when it was discovered what it contained it was immediately sent back. It underwent a similar fate some years after, being taken by the French at Lucia. It was then carried to Paris, end its contents being examined, was immediately returned to the regiment by the French authori- ties. The "Letter Padlock' an Antique.— Amongst a number of small articles of tbe Ro man period, discovered near Gloucester, and ex hibited by MrPurueli to the A rcbaological Asso ciation, at their recent meeting there, was a letter padlock, hitherto supposed to be a modern inven tion.— Builder. Average of Lite.— M. Lombard found that the age of the stone- cutter averaged 34 years, the miller 42, the, painter 44, the joiner 49, tbe but cher 53, the lawyer 51. tbe surgeon 54, tbe ma son, 55, the gardener 60, the merchant 62, the Protestant clergyman 63, the magistrate 69. — Hastings on Consumption. HenrF viii. to Anne Boleyn. — " Darlir g, I heartily reccomniend me to you, ascertaining you that 1 am not a little perplexed with such things yoHr brother shall on my part declare unto you give full credence, for it were too long to write. In my last letters I writ to you that I trusted shortly to see j ou, which is better known in i.ondon than with any that is about me, whereof I net a little marvel, but lack of discreet handling must needs be the cause thereof. No' more ic you at this time, but that I trust shortly our meetings shall not depend upon other men's handlings, but upon our own. Writien with the hand that longeth to be yours.— H. R."— Hal/iu)ell,s Letters , Queen Victoria's Empire.— The Queen of England is now Sovereign oyer one continent, a hundred peninsulas, five hundred promontories, a thousand lakes, two thousand rivers, arid ten thou sand islands. She waves her hand, and five hundred thousand warriors march to battle, to conquer or to die. She bends her head, aud at the signal a thousand ships of war and a hundred thousand sailors perform her bidding on the ocean; She "walks upon the earth, and one hundred and twenty millions of human beings feel the slightest pressure ol her footsteps. Come, all ye conquerors, and kneel before the Queen of Englaud, and acknowledge tbe superior extent of her dependent provinces, her subjugated king doms, her vanquished empires The Assyrian Empire was not so Wealthy. The Roman em pire, was not so populous. The Persian empire was not so extensive. The Arabian was not so powerful. The Carthaginian empire was not . so much dreaded. The Spanish empire was not so widely diffused. We have overrun a greater extent of country than Attila ever ruled ! We have subdued more empires, and dethroned more kings than Alexander of Macedon ! We have conquered more nations than Napoleon in the plentitude of his power ever sub dued; Wo have acquired a larger extent of territory than Tamer- laue the Tartar ever spurred his horse's hoof a- cross. — Finch, Boundaries of Empires . Lord and Lady. — Lord and Lady aye words of Saxon drigib. Lord is from La- ford (loaf- giver), and he was so called from his maintain ing at his own expense a number of retainers or dependants, Lady is called Lef-diari (loaf- server), because she cut and served round the bread to the guests. : In consequence of the fall of the Seine, from .the Jong absence. of rain, there has heed discov ered, at a place called lie' Port a i Ahglaise, near the bridge of Charenton; a square stoue, on which' is ah inscriotion, signifying that on the -25ib August, 1767, the river retired as low as ,that spot :—and hence it may be inferred that it has not for eighty years sunk so low as it now 13\. ' - ' : ' ' ! ' Two officers of the Belgium Customs, station ed at Rouvrois-stir-Cetbian, seized, in' the night of, the 13th, of Sept., a cart, containing, in two cases, 250. pistols with daggers made to dart out by a secret spring, the value of which1 are esti mated at I, 500f. Tbe were manufactured at Liege, and destined for Paris. The driver was, or pretended to be, quite ignorant of the nuture of his load. No fewer than 120 Members of the presenl House of Lords sit by virtue of peerages granted since 1820. \- " w: V-: - A Company is being established, in London t Supply the community with bread, to. be mad? from tbe best wheaten flour, at 4d. the four-f pound loaf-wbich will include a profit of 5 per ceftiasiwell as the actual cost of material, wa- geaf&G-..; Their capital is to be £200,000. A fatal disease has appeared amongst, bares in the north of England, numbers being found dead in the fields. The,- number nf soldiers in receipt of pension is above. 50,000, The in-door pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, are about five hundred. . A number of meu dressed as Armenians are going about London, professing to sell Turkey rhubarb, which turns out to be nothing but hard wood coloured, A clergyman in the .neighbourhood of Berlin, has been severely reprimanded for taking upon himself to declare against all those who insured their' furniture against fire, because they showed by doing so want of confidence in God, though he had insured his own furniture for 4,000. dol lars. The Marquis of Normandy the newly ap pointed ambassador in Paris, went in state to the Palace of tbe Tuilleries to be presented to the King, and to deliver his credentials.to bis Majes ty. Two of the King's State carriages, the one drawn by eight and the other by six horses, were sent to the embassy to convey his Eccel- lency to tbe Palace. The Frankfort Journal inserts a letter from Breslan of the 12th August, stating that the . Abbe Rongehad been condemned to four months imprisonment, for having celebrated divine ser vice in thelown of Lachu without the permission of.the authorities. It was supposed that the Abbe would appeal against this decision to the Prussian Ministry, and afterwards to the King A Curious Circumstance — Whilst some boys were watching a pair of swallows feeding their young behind Charlotte-street, a hawk, skimming along the eaves of the houses, sud denly pounced upon the nest and carried away , two of the brood. One the parent birds, having witnessed the onslaught, instantly gave utter ance to a peculiar cry, which, as by the power of incantation, quickly convened a noisy and enraged swarm of comrades Irom all quarters, who, with ODe consent, gave chase to the de stroyer, and overtaking him ere he had got half across the Inch, commenced such a desperate attack, that he soon gave evident signs ol being fairly - mastered, and ultimately sought the ground at a short distance from the Fisher's Lodge, where he bravely tried his best to repel the onsets of his assaulters, but was compelled to relinquish bis prey, and seek for safety in in glorious flight. After his departure, which was effected under no little molestation, the swallows then sat about the conveyance of the young ones to the nest, which, it is said, they effected in fine style, and seemingly to the satisfaction of the whole tribe, who gave unmistakable signs of being more than usually pleased ou the oc casion. — Strathmore Journal, An Ingenious.Robbery.— -Whilst Mr. Sea- brook, of the Cross Keys, Blackfriars'-road, < London, was busily engaged in the arrange ment of his establishment, a young man, of gentlemanly appearance and manners, entered, and representing that he was about . to forward 81\. to a friend in the country, requested Mr, Seabrook to accommodate him with a cheque on . his banker, and he would hand him over eight sovereigns. Mir. Seabrook, being very busy, and having no suspicion of anything wrong, said be had no time to do so, but he had no doubt Mr. Haw ley, the grocer, living close by, would accommodate him. The applicaut instantly went there, mentioning Mr. Seabrook's name, and,, without hesitation, the cheque upon his banker was filled up, and handed to the im postor, who gave Mr. Hawiey eight sovereigns. The fellow, on leaving the house, put a "0' to the " £8" and "y" to the " Eight" in the body of the cheque, and taking it to the banker's, ' be got it cashed instantly, thereby making a profit of £72. A Gambling StaFesman.— Charles Fox was so skilful a player at whist and picquet, that, had he restricted nimself to those games, he might, it is said, have derived clear income of four thousand a-year from his card-purse. But he delighted in games of chance, from which be rose almost invariably a loser. On one occasion, he had the luck to win five thousand pounds at a sitting, part of which he paid to his creditors and soon lost the remainder in tbe company of those from whom he Had received it.-—' the Aget of Pitt and Fox. The March of Improvement.— Prior to tbe year 1760, no stage-coach came nearer to Liverpool than Warrington. . In that year, bow- ever, one was established, for the. first time, to run between Liverpool arid London ; the journey was performed once a week, and it took no less than four days to accomplished the distance. Carriages, indeed, were then very rare ; and it is mentioned as a sigular fact, that at the period in questioa there was but one gentleman's car riage in the town of Liverpool, and that carriage was kent bv a ladu of the name of Clavtun—- Addey's Picturesque Handbook of Liverpool, A policeman bad been dismissed from tbe Birmingha m force because he refused to go down a laoe which was on his beat, where he said he had seen his uncle's ghost. . The Prussian Constitution.— Lost or stolen, the Prussian Constitution. It was done up in a small parcel, and was dropped about the 3rd of last month It was last seen at the Sans Souci, Potsdam, "where it had been lying on the shelf for years. It is marked "Annri Domiui, 1816,'' arid has a royal seal to it, with the moto pfSie sollen es nicht haben As the contents are of no value to any but the owner, a small reward will be given for its restoration to "Fred erick, Royal Palace, or; Greek Theatre, Berlin."' For fear of accidents, it had better be labelled "Fragile.''— > Punch. Consolation in Married Martyrdom.— A younger brother had espoused an old and ill- tempered wife, but extremely rich. He used to say, Whenever I find my wife cross, and my own temper giving way, I retire to my library, and console myself by reading her marriage set tlement. The Clown and the Queen.— A recruit ing sergeant lately accosted an honest hind in Northumberland, saying " Come lad ! you'll fight for your Queen, won't you?" "Fight for t'Queen?" answered Andrew: "why, hez she fa'n oot wi ony body Letters from Naples announce that the extreme heat had entirely dried up the country parts. .The peasants could find no water for their cattle, which were perishing of thirst, and making the air re sound with their cries. The shepherds saw their : sheep dying daily before their eyes for want of | pasturage. The Government was occupied in despatching water to the districts which suffered most from the drought, at a certain rate of quan- , tity per family. In som e parts of the: country water was sold at the price of wine. The capital alone | was exempt from the sufferings of this extraordi nary drought, which bad already led to tumultu ous movements amoug tbepeople. , Next Best.—" Do you like poetry ?" said a French man to his friend. "O, yes 1" replied the other, " next to prose.' r— — - -T . . \ 