POPISH -TRACTS. vo. ii. We copy verbatim the title of a Tract, by the V. and R, R. Richard Challoner, D. D. V . A., a very eminent bishop of the Romish Churc abont sixty or seventy years ago. " The Touch stone of the New. Religion : or sixtv assertions of Protestants, tried by their own rule of Scrip- lure alone, and condemned by clear and ex press texts of their own Bible.; to which is added, the True Principles of a Catholic." The fact, thai this Tract is " stereotyped for the Catholic Institute of Gi eat Britain." sufficiently shews the high estimation in which it is held; and the price, "-one penny, or five shillings per hundred, for gratuitous distribution," shews not only the extent of its circulation, but also the zeal with which it is circulated. The object of this Tract is sufficiently ex plained by its title,; Dr. Challoner quotes sixty assertions, which ho alleges are made by Pro testants, and then quotes texts from the an- ihorised version of the Bible in refutation of those assertions. The " Sixty Assertions" may be classed as follows! — 1\. Assertions made by Protestants in a parlicu lar sense, but quoted in a different sense. 2\. Assertions, which, though they may have been made by individuals, or held by some loose schismatics, are not held by any regit- , . iarly constituted Protestant Church. 3\. Assertions, which really are made by Pro testant Churches, in the same sense as Dr Challoner quotes them In the fiist class of Assertions may bo ranked all those which are attributed to Protestants re specting the privileges of the Church of Christ-' Thus, Dr. C. tells us that Protestants assert — that the Spirit of T ruih was not promised to Church of Christ — -that the Church of the Living Crod is not the pillar and ground of the truth — that (here is no necessity of adhering to the pastors and teachers of the church— that it is not necessary to salvation to embrace the faith and communion of the true church, &c.;, &c.; The truth or falsehood of these assertions de pends entirely on the meaning attached to the wo:d Church. If we are to understand by that term any local or territorial church, or any number of local or territorial churches, profes- siug obedience to a common visible head, then undoubtedly we do deny that the spirit of Truth was promised to any such body, in such away as 'to secure it from error and 'to render its decisions infallible. There "is no territorial church in existence, nor has any ever existed, which has not at seme time or other departed from the truth. The church of Jerusalem erred ; . the church of Aotioch erred.; the church of | Corinth erred; all the ancient churches of which the history has been preserved, fell into error, the gates of hell prevailed against them, and their candlestick was removed. What ground then is there for supposing thai modern churches should be less fallible than those of antiquity ? No Protestant church assumes, or pretends to, infallibility; for every visible com munity, united only by outward proression, must contain within its pale both good and bad, sincere believers and empty professors ; various causes, such as wealth and political influence, oftencon-' tribute to give bad men a preponderance in council so that to hold up any body of men as infallible, and to assert that Christ promised in fallibility to any body of men whatever, are principles so preposterous, and so ridiculously opposed to the universal experience of mankind, that we at once contradict them, and if such were Dr. Challoner's meaning, we should ac knowledge that he had represented us jmtlv,' But Dr. Challoner knew very well, or at least he ought to have known very well, that though Protestant Churches make such assertions as he . quotes in reference to visible particular churches, yet they do not make such assertions with reference to the Catholic Church cf Christ. The Jrue church of God extends over all ages, from the fall of man to the present moment, and we firmly believe that every member of that Church has been infallibly guided by the Holy Ghost into all saying truth. The membeis of this Church cannot always be distinguished by human eyes, but God knows them from before the foundation of the world, -and they shall never perish, neither is any man able to pluck them out of His hand. Against this body, which s known ouly in the secret counsel of God, the gates of hell shall never prevail ; but while on earth they are not, and never will be united in one visible society, for they are strangers and pilgrims, having here no continuing city, but looking for a better city, that is, a heavenly. Hence this whole class of assertions attributed to us by Dr. Challoner goes for nothing, the terms employed not being understood in a uniform sense He quotes texts to shew that the Spirit was pro mised to the church, &c.;, all of which we admit /I and .joyfully receive, as the blessed assurances of Him who cannot ile; but at the same time we wholly repudiate the inferences which he would draw from them, viz, that Protestant ism is a. new religion — that we revolted from the old religion — and that the Romish claims to su premacy are supported by the Word of God. In direct oppositiou to these conclusions, all Protestant communions hold, that Protestantism is the old religion, and the only true religion, though it bears, a new name; that so far from revolting, from the old religion, we returned to it, having been led astraj by the wiles of the devil ; and lastly, that the Romish claims to supremacy and general jurisdiction, aTe without the slightest foundation either in Scripture or ecclesiastical law, and are, iu fact directly op posed to common sense. The second class of Assertions is perhaps equally dangerous with the first. To this class belong such assertions as the following that people of all religions may be saved, even Jews, Turks, or Mahometans, &c.; — that it is un charitable to suy that heresy is a damnable sin —that many sects, differing in faith and com munion, may all belong to the true Church of Christ, &c.; Now, there are ignorant Protest ants, as well as ignorant Papists ; but the as sertions, er rather the wild speculations, of schis matics, are uot to be charged on the great body of Protestants. There are fanatics in every communioo, and in none are they more abun dant than in that of Rome. Ignatius Loyola, the founder of the Order of the Jesuits, who has since been canonized by the Church ofRome, was ready to run a spear into any man's belly who denied that the Virgin Mary was born as free from the taint of original sin as Our Blessed Lord Himself. The fanaticism of Peter the Hermit, aided by the fanatical Court of Rome, sent all Europe on a wild-goose chase to Asia, and kept up a series of senseless wars, or crusades, as they were called, for more than a hundred years, for the foolish purpose of re covering the Holy Land from the Infidels. Now it would be just as reasonable to charge the Church of Rome with the vagaries of Loyola and of the crusaders, as to charge Protestants in general with the wanton and unscripluial dog mas of low and unaccredited sectaries, who have no other pretence to the name of Protestant than they do not belong to the Church of Rome. Every true Christian believes that salvation is only by the Atonement of Christ, for so the Scripture expressly declares. W e believe that heresy is a damnable sin, though our views of what heresy is differ very materially from those of the Church of Rome. Some men of loose viewg have been found to hold the notion thai no man shall be damned for following a wrong religion, if he really judge it to be right ; and Dr. Challoner justly quotes this opinion for condemnation ; but he might have known that this was not a Protestant opinion, had he taken the pains to examine the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of Eogland, in which that position is pointedly condemned. We pass over a vast number of tho Assertions in which Protestant doctrines are grossly mis represented, as to expose them would expand this article beyond reasonable limits. But our readers will judge of Dr. C.'s candour as a controversialist, when he quotes as Protestant doctrine such principles as the following— that Christ's flesh is not meat indeed, and his blood not drink indeed— = that there is a necessity of receiving in both kinds, in order' to everlasting life— that the rule of faith is Scripture inter preted by .private judgment, &c.; &c.;, because, we refuse the profane fable ofTransubstantiaiion and maintain the right of every man to read the Scripture for himself. ! The third class of Assertions require buta - single word. When Dr, Challoner quotes Protestauts as holding, thai men may be saved without the Sacraments — that the extreme unc tion of the Church of Rome is not a sacrament, but a snpersiitious practice— that no mere man ever kept all the comieandinesl'ts of God — that there is no middle state of souls after this life — that 'there is no forgiveness of sins in the world to come — that the invocation of saints and angels is idolatrous and superstitious — -that it is unlawful to pay any religious veneration to 'images — and that St. Peter had no authority over the rest of the Apostles, nor was ever ap pointed by Christ to be the Chief Pastor and Governor of His Church — when he quotes these principles as Protestant doctrines, although they, are not always fairly stated, he does no more than, quote aorrectly. The texts of Scripture which he quotes to refute these doctrines of Scripture, ha ve in -general no reference to the questions at issue ; and the few that have serve rather to confirm the doctrine than to overthrow it. But it is a lamentable fact, that Romanists in general are in the most deplorable iguorance respecting the meaning of thejplainest passages..p.f God's word : so great, indeed, is this ignorance, that it is almost a waste of time to quote Scripture to them. Dr. C. quotes the cheubim, to prove the propriety of image-veneration : he might as well have referred to the lions which supported Soiomens thioue— the one having about as much to do with the question as the other. The appendix to this Tract, entitled, "The True Principles of a Catholic," we reserve for another article. 