ENGLISH GLEANINGS. Uer^Majesty has a bracelet, ornamented with foui ?magnificent diamonds, formerly the property ol female royalty, the death of each possessor having 'been unhappy and untimely. One of them belonged and the fourth to Mary Stuart. — Manchester Ad vertiser. Her Majesty has sent to the Mayor of Liverpool, and the Chairman of the Dock Committee, proof copies, most magnificently framed, of Winterhalter's portraits of the Royal Family, as a mark of satisfac tion at the reception given to her illustrious consort in Jnly last. They were accompanied by a very flat tering letter from Mr Anson, written by Royal com mand. — Times. It is stated to us, on what we believe to be un questionable authority, that the French Government — or, in other words, his Majesty Louis PhilHppe — has demanded the surrender of Don Carlos 'Louis Counte Montemolin by the English Cabinet We hear that the reply of Lord Palmerston to this mon strous requisition was the only one a British Minister ought to make — that England was a free countiy, and that any foreigner, no matter what might be his political opinions, was entitled to an asylum so long as he respected our laws. — Morning Post. The Globe, notoriously a Palmevston paper, lately had the following stirring article, which brings out for some active service (perhaps the one hinted at by the Post) the most powerful ships of the navy : — An Admiralty order lias been received at her Ma jesty's dock-yard. Sheerness, for the following ships of ?war to be brought, forward lor commissioning with all possible expedition, viz.; — The Waterloo, 120 ;runs ; the Howe, 120 guns; the Asia, S4 guns; the Ganges. 84 puns ; and Monarch, 84 puns ; the Haicke, 72 guns ; AchiUes, 72 guns ; Russell, 72 guns ; and Her cules, 72 £ur;s. The following frigates are also nearly completed : — The Cornwall, 50 guns ; Conquestadvr , 50 guns; Worcester, 50 guns; and Ctnchesiet , 50 guns. Many merely want but s few stores to complete them, when ihsy are to be immediately jut into com mission and sent upon foreign Pervice. The artisans and mechanics have heen compelled for some time jiast to stoji in the usual hours allowed for their meals, and to work untii quite dark, so as to complete the orders of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for fore'gn equipment. Another English paper says : — 'VVe understand that an immediate augmentation is to be made to the number of seamen in the navy. How lar the fact that the French government aie hicr*a*ing their army and navy may have determined the British government to increase our marine, we know not ; but it is to be done. The Monileur has published a royai ordonance, calling into active service 53.0CO recruits of 'the class of 1845 — 45,782 are intended for the army, and 7218 for the navy. Orders have been received to prepare thirty-three towers between Hastings and Seaford to receive guns. The Government have at length issued the com mission to inquire into the state of England and Wales. Mr Henry Vaughan Johnston ha9 been appointed to North Wales ; and it is understood to be his intention to commence his inquiries at An glesea forthwith. There are three commissioners. The object of the commission is to ascertain, as ac curately as circumstances will permit, the existing number of schools of all descriptions, for the educa tion of the labouring classes, or of adults — the amount of attendance, the ages of the scholars, and the character of the instruction given in the schools ; in order that the government and parliament mav be enabled, by having these facts before them, in con nexion with the wants and circumstances of the population of the principality, to consider what measures ought to be taken for the improvement of the existing means of education in Wales. It is expected that the result of his inquiries will enable the commissioner to form some estimate of the ge neral state of intelligence and information of the poorer classes in Wales, and of the influence which :an improved education might be expected to produce on the general condition of society, and its moral and religious progress. Since the operation of the new tariffs, the variety of imports into England has very much increased. Fifty bundles of horse-radish have been recently brought by a steamer from Hamburgh, and the Han nah has arrived at Hull with sixteen casks of straw In nothing has the benefit of the free-trade prin :iple been more distinctly visible than in the intension of every branch of the glass manufacture since the abolition of the duty. The clear profits of me concern in the plate glass trade, since it became ree, have amounted to #30,000 in twelve months. The hemp and flax manufacturing Company, whose establishment is at Rugely, in Staffordshire, ire doing an immense business with considerable profit. The subjoined extract from a private letter re ceived very lately by a professional gentleman in Brighton from a relative at Castle Blayney, Mona ijhan, is only another proof of the great superstition which still prevails among the peasantry of Ireland : — ' Since the potato crop has so completely failed, all business is at a standstill. There is nobody doing well but an old friar at the end of the town, who sells holy water at 3d a bottle, to be sprinkled over the fields to cure the potato disease ; aad you would be surprised to see them going in droves, travelling all night to be in time in the morning.' Among the present candidates for the ministry in the Wcsleyan Church is a clergyman of the Church, of England. His name is Greaves, we believe, and his residence is Demerara, He has been induced to take this step in consequence of the Puseyite ten dencies and influence of his diocesan. He comes with the flock of which he has the oversight. The chapel in which they worship will be conveyed over to the Connexion, and the congregation will support the minister without coming upon the Missionary Fund. It is to be observed, that colonial bishops have not the un-English and un-Christian power possessed by the bishops of dioceses in Britain aiid Ireland, of detaining under their ecclesiastical au thority, men once admitted into holy orders. Fortu nately for Mr Greaves, there is no law by which, as iu the case of the Rev. Mr Shore, he must ever, while life is in him, continue under diocesan autho rity, and submit to diocesan discipline if he neglect the duties of the clerical office, however great vio lence may thereby be done to conscience. May the day be hastened, when all laws which interfere with the claims of conscience and the rights of citizens shall be abrogated, and when ecclesiastical courts shall possess no power derived from the secular arm to play the tyrant with men and with conscience ! — The Wesleya'n. The Bishop of London, in his charge delivered to the clergy, said with reference to the Evangelical Alliance, that it was 'an association which contains ?within itself the elements of disunion, and must soon crumble into pieces, if it be not turned into a mere instrument of aggression against the Established Church.' 'Dr. Short had been appointed Bishop of St. Asaph, 'which see he was to hold in coinmendam with that of Sodor arid Man, until the arrangements respecting the new see of Manchester are concluded. We have received a strange account of a projected alliance or combination of all the Episcopal Churches in the world, which is said to be now* set' on foot at Rome under the influence of the present liberal Pope. [t is asserted that a Spanish Bishop has commani cated the project to an English clergyman, and de clared that his informant was a Roman cardinal. The idea, as far as we can learn, seems to be to abate the papal' supremacy nominally into a mere patri archate ; and to make a few doctrinal changes or explanations for the satisfaction of the various Epis copal Churches of the east and west who are to be combined. We cannot imagine that there is any thing very serious in this alleged project, if indeed the plan shall have been at all ;i-ooted at Rome. We live, however, in strange times, and the idea has not been altogether overlooked by the Tractarian parry ; so that if such a project do turn up we shall not be taken by surprise. — Dublin Statesman. At the annual meeting of the Manchester Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, the report which w£s read stated, that previous to the present year the number of copies of the Bible distributed in that district annually amounted to from five to ten thousand, whilst this year no less a number than ninety-six thousand have been disposed of, being equal to the number disposed of in the previous twelve years. A portion of the property lately occupied by the Socialist community, at New Harmony, near Stock bridge in Hampshire, which has just been dissolved, has been taken possession of by a singular sect, called, from the name of the farm which they oc cupy, 'Little Bentleyites.' They live in an open community of men and women, having all things common, admitting all who are willing to enter and conform to their rules ; and since it has been es tablished they have been joined by several of the inmates from the Andover Union, who, however, finding the self-imposed regulations even harder than they had endured at the latter well-known place, soon left it. On entering the community each mem ber sinks his patronymic, and puts property, if he possesses any, into the common stock, which, how ever, he is not allowed to withdraw on leaving the establishment. The males allow their beard and hair to grow, their dress is a state of seminudity, they live with the barest accommodation of decency, not being allowed the use of beds or even of chairs, and they subsist entirely on uncooked vegetable diet and seeds. They deny themselves the elisrhtest de sire of enjoyment or gratification equal with the most ascetic cynic of old, and no book or publication is allowed to be read, with the exception of the Bible, of which they chiefly select the prophet Inaiab, as being most congenial to their views. Singular and repulsive as are many of their observances, several persons who have realized a little property have joined the community, which last week was thrown into great consternation by the presence of a woman demanding her husband, who had invested nearly £400 in the concern. In the end she came off tri umphant, in the possession of her recreant husband, but not until she had obtained the assistance of the women of the neighbouring parish, who threatened, unless her application was granted, to duck the prin cipal in a horse-pond. By ati Act of Parliament, which received the Royal Assent on the day of Prorogation, for the legulation or bteam Navigation, it is provided hat all steamers meeting shall pass to port and tarboard, as in the case of vehicles meeting on a oad. The Morning Herald says—' We learn that a lesire has been expressed by the Post office au horities that the London and Korih-Western Company should run a mail train between London nd Liverpool (210 miles) in five hours, and we ielieve there is little doubt that such an accelera ion of the mail will soon take place.' The Subterranean Metropolitan Telegraph Electric) is to be commenced forthwith, and will -e completed, along the whole line of the South Vestern Railway, in about three months. In the first nine months of 18-16, the number of lassengers between England and the Continent vas 128,810 distributed as follows between the owns of France and Belgium : — Boulogne, »6,885, Ostend -29,163, Calais 14,466, Havre, 12,746, Dieppe, J 1,762, Antwerp, 4,882. A body of Foot Guards, while practising skir nishing in Hyde Park, came in contact with a lerd of cows grazing quietly. The cows instantly nade a determined attack upon their armed assail mts, who wheeled round and took to iiight, pur iued by the victorious cows. The following has appeared in one of the pa )ers : — ' The Age of Peace.— It is stated in the louse of Commons that the expenses of the army tnd navy for the present year was £16,840,000 jeing 5,180,000 more than in 1845.' This is :ertainly a serious increase, but how is it to be ivoided so long as France continues her gigantic ?varlike preparations ? At the meeting of the North Staffordshire Rail way, held at Stoke-upon-Tront, Mr Alderman ZIopeland, M.P., in the course of his speech, point ing out the advantages derivable from railway communication, related an anecdote of a farmer in Chesterfield, who received information through the medium of the electric telegraph of an exceedingly ihort supply of sheep having arrived at Smithfield Market. The farmer had a hundred head of sheep in Smithfield on the following night. The Commercial Magazine contains ' a list of the clergymen and members of parliament' who have subscribed to railway deeds during the past session. This list is a sequel to that of the soli citors and bankers in the previous number of the work ; and the classification of the professions in this way furnishes evidence of the extent of the railway mania not so readily obtainable from the parliamentary list of railway subscriber. From the list in the Commercial Magazine it appears that the number of clergymen who signed railway deeds was 257. Of these the greater number are for comparatively small amounts, of from £2000 to £5000 ; but some have gone into the specula tion more extensively. Thus one is a subscriber for £26,000, one for £27,500, three for £20,000 and upwards, six for £15,000 and upwards, ten for £10,000 and upwards, fifty-three of from £5000 to £9000, and the remainder from £2000 to £5000.— The Members of Parliament are subscribers for much larger sums, and are 157 in number, being nearly one-lburih of the entire House of Com mons. This list indicates clearly the strength of the interest in Parliament, and the sums subscribed for by individual members are in many cases very heavy. There is one for £291,000, another for £250,000, another for £178,600, another for £153,000, another for £144,000, with two for nearly £120,000, and many from £20,000 to £80,000. A number of men, dressed as Armenians, are now going about London and other places, pro fessing to sell Turkey rhubarb, which in many in stances turns out to be only hard wood coloured to imitate the real article. A woman of Chatham is strongly suspected of having thrown an infant into a cook-oven. She was seen to thrust something into the flames du ring the night; in the morning the form of a child's skeleton was seen on the cook, but the re mains crumbled to ashes when touched. The Chronicle, in noticing the death of Mr Ro bert Marshall,' of Birkenhead, says, ** This gen leman was the father of the Rev. Mr Marshall, ite of St. Mark's, of this town. Some twenty ears ago, before the rev. gentleman was ordained, le was announced to appear at the Theatre Royal, Jverpool, professedly in imitation of the late ce ebrated comedian and mimic, Mat-hews. The imi ation, so far as it proceeded, was perfect ; but it vas interrupted by his father, who jumped on the tage, cudgel in hand, and drove his son behind j he scenes, amid the upioar of the house.' At the recent Radnorshire Sessions, in a painful ;ase of attempt at self- destruction, the offender vas sentenced to be imprisoned for fice minutes, md then discharged. Philip Lempriere, a Quaker, has been impri loned by order of the Royal Court of Jersey, for refusing to take an oath, the Bailly and Jurats ob itinatelv refusing to register the Act of Parliament uilhorising the declaration of Quakers to be ;aken. Since his return from America, Lord Morpeth m been constant and unceasing in his efforts to militate cricket amongst all classes of society, but jspecially amongst those who are engaged in agri cultural and manufacturing pursuits. Mr Braham is said to be about to retire from professional life ; though previously to his doing so, he will make a tour of the provinces. The leath of his daughter's husband, the Earl of Wal iegrave, without issue, renders it no longer neces sary that he should pursue his labour*. He is in j his 74th year. The celebrated blind traveller, Lieut. Holman, has returned to England, after an absence of up wards of six years, during which time he visited Portugal and Spain, Algeria, and all other places in the Mediterranean, penetrated Egypt and Syria, crossed the desert to Jerusalem, and finally made an extensive tour through the least frequented pails of the south-east of Europe, including Hun gary, Transylvania, Servia, Bosnia, &c.; As on all former occasions, this extraordinary man travelled perfectly alone. He has returned in perfect health mid spirits. — Liverpool Mercury. A pair of wood owls had taken possession of an old oak tree that was hollow, in the vicinity of Iluntroyd, the seat of L. G. N. Starkie, Esq., close by the side of a much frequented path. In this oak they had built their nest, and the eggs were in a state of incubation. One night as a farm la bourer was walking on this path, near the tree, be was much surprised by his hat being struck oft' his head, and thinking it to be a jest from some ac quaintance, he ran among the trees to catch the supposed culprit ; but not meeting with him, he crouched behind a tree, to wait his voluntary exit. Alter waiting iu suspense for an hour, he became tired, and renewed his walk home ; but he had not gone ten yards before his hat was again unce remoniously brought to the ground. He now be came rather alarmed, and hastening home, conw municated his nocturnal adventure to his wife/ Another young man, returning from a visit to his sweetheart, had his chapeau hastily displaced, and picking it up, he hastened home, on entering which his face bore close resemblance in colour to the sheets betwixt which he soon hid himself. Many other persons were visited with the like saluta tions, and not one of them had the opportunity of seeing or hearing the friend of etiquette. It has, however, since been proved beyond doubt, that this lover of' hats off, gentleman,' was one of the tenants of the old oak tree. The fortunate disco very of this ungentlemanly trick has set at rest a well circulated report, that a ghost was the fre quenter ot this lonely path, which had caused it to be nearly deserted after nightfall. — Lancaster Guardian. There is now living at Farrington Gurney a young woman named — Comber, aged about 20 years, daughter of James Comber, stonemason, who has not tasted a morsel of solid food for the last nine years. In or about the year 1837 she had a sister who died, and the occupation of her mo ther required her absence daily from home, leaving the present afflicted daughter in the house with the corpse. It is conjectured that this circum stance affected her mind, and worked upon her nerves so strongly, that it induced her affliction. She in a short time gradually weakened and took and from that time to the present she has not ! opened her mouth. The only sustenance which i has been taken into her stomach is fluid, which , is passed into her mouth with a spoon through i a small opening where a tooth is missing. And ? although lying in this state for such a length of ' time, she has grown nearly six inches in length ; ! she is quite happy, sensible and resigned, and ap pears to be often engaged in prayer. — Plymouth Journal Mr Austin, of Peel's Coffee-house, London, has written to the Manchester Guardian respecting a ma trimonial advertisement in that paper, the advertiser having directed that communications from young ladies who may desire to be united to him are to be directed there. Mr Austin declares, that if any letters are addressed to the advertiser, at his house, they will be opened, and, if possible, forwarded to the friends of the writers. In a small village at no remote distance from Preston, resides a worthy itinerant vendor of tea and coffee, whose ' better half' had been for six months in so very precarious a state of health that her hus band, as well as the doctors, well nigh despaired of her convalescence. At length, however, after all other sanative means had failed, the good man thought he would try what he could do either by way of kil ing or curing. He arrived at home one evening, after his day's journey in the country, and drawing his chair to the fire, close to his wife, accosted her as follows: — 'Jane, love, art 'ou onny better?' ' No, William, I dinna think I am.' ' Well, Jane, it's likely our time's short in this world together.' ' Ah, William, I think the same.' ' Well, Jane, I never did deceive thee, and I'll not nau. I met wi' a woman to-day' i' Bretherton, just loike thee ; and I towed her tha was ill, and was likely to dee. and her would just suit me, and her said as soon as thee deed I mon let her know, and her'd hae me.' Jane was raised by this announcement, and starting from her seat, declared, ' She'd neither die to suit him nor her nother!' From that time she has continued to improve in health and strength daily. — Preston Guardian. The annuities lately bequeathed to the canine and feline species, under the will of the late Mrs Johnson, of Hampstead, are declared to be void, upon the opinion of the counsel being taken, from the bequests being made to these animals, and not to persons in trust for them. The clause is in these words :— I give to my black dog, Carlo, an annuity of £30 a year, during the dog's life, to be paid half-yearly. Unto each of the cats, Blacky, Jemmy, and Tom, I give an annuity of £10 a-year for the three cats, to be paid half-yearly. Margaret Potson and Harriet Holly, my mother's old servants, to take charge of toe dog and cats. The value of these annuities will therefore lapse into the residue. The testatrix was a single lady, and left personal property to the amount of £25,000.— -[This should go into the Court of Equity, and the cats hare a counsel appointed for the suits.] 