OSSIANIC POETRY. To the Editor of the Port Philip Gazette The whole range of Gaelic poetry pre- sents its reader with very few passages more tender than the " Dialogue of Ossian and his son. Oscar, ; when about to encase in battle, With the Danes on the heath of Line, in Ireland. It is to be found in the " Fourth Book of Fingal," a poem that the bard, evidently as an acknowledgment of the attachment that existed between them, addressed to." the only sun-beam" of his son. In it, he represents Oscar as a per- fect specimen of that bravest of warriors— the Highland soldier. His youthful ardour and intrepidity on the occasion on which he is here so particularly noticed, resembles very, touch the conduct of the soldier who rushed out of the army of Mon- trose nollens vollens, at Inverlochy, and not only attacked, but actually slew twenty-three of the Campbell's.— The distinction indeed, between the ac- tions of these two ' proud birds of the mountain," on the occasion we allude to, we can well account for, by Oscar's su- perior and courtly breeding. When his grandfather, Fingal, gave the command of his band to tbe invincible Gaol, he retired to the hill of Cromia to wait the issues of the conflict, Oscar, impatient for glory, and a place in the song, wished his father also to retire, and to leave his share of the "day" for him. The "Son of Song", however, had too much of that famous attribute, " which proved often of great utility in situations similar to that of Ossians;-— "highland, pride,"— to comply with the request of his son. I said the passage was a tender one. Its beauties in the original, must be acknow- edged by those who understand the sim- ple and expressive language of the Gael. It is to he feared, however, that a transla- ion, not only by one who lays his hand on a book, merely in the rare hour of re- creation, but even by those who are justly designated the literati, would fall short of doing it justice. The version I enclose you has been written hurriedly, and with- out any reference to McPherson's transla- tion, or to that of any other person. Then pleasure beam'd in Oscar's glowing eye — His ruddy cheek was bath'd with tears of joy ; In his right hand shone bright the burnished blade, While thus he, mildly to his father said— " O first of heroes in the direst rage Of war, slight not ; to-day, my want of age O father ! Only grant me this desire— WithMorven's King that Ossien would retire ; Already hast thou wrought thyself a name— Let Oscar now acquire his share of fame ! And should thy son in death, be here laid low, Do not forget that bosom white as snow, That only sunbeam of my early years— That daughter rare of Toscar chief of spears ! To-day she walks along the sandy bar, Expecting tidings from the site of war ; The tears of sadness from her -eye-lids steal : And o'er that cheek of matchless beauty reel Her auburn, ringlets stream around her ears, And her white bosom heaves with hopes and fears Of Oscar ! Father, once the strife is o'er, O, hurry beck to Tossar's native shore ; Then, let thy strains in soothing streamlets flow The power of song will best allay the woe, Of sad Mahina ! tell her, though in death, My body has on Cromla's dusky heath My airy ghost is mounted on the gale, And soon shall meet my love in Conn's wale. Good father, do ; and grant me this desire— With Morven's King that Ossien would retire !' OSSIAN : " Lay, Oscar, lay me sooner in my grave Than once to yield my post among the brave ; Yea, foremost, than thou'it see me wield the brand, And learn the science from thy father's hand.— Perhaps, my son, this is the only day I'll ever guide thee in the warlike fray ! Should I be found among the mighty, dead, Remember son, my shield and faithful blade— My bended jaw— my deadly aspen spear And branchy horn, of Morven's nimble deer, Shall all be laid by Ossian's daring son, Beside his sire, beneath the hoary stone, But, son, not as with thee, no virgin fair Have I to leave to Oscar's tender care , Since Brano's daughter with her anxious eve, Alone doth watch me from her cloud on high." Such were our words, when long and loud arose The voice of Gaul. As, when the tempest blows. The troubled sea pours forth its dreadful roar, And created billows climb the rugged shore ; So shouted Gaul, so mov'd his eager band. * * * * * R. M. D: Galb etilis nam buadh uam f£ln 