APPARITIONS. In the course ot a recent lecture on Popular Superstition, delivered by Mr Davis, before the Cheltenham Literary and Philosophical Institution, the lecturer said that highly excited feelings, or jumr uiuisyusiuuu, wouiu sur up apparitions. Amongst other instances, he uarrated the follow - no ?— 'o ? A lady, who did not believe in the appearance ' spirits, was one night visited by tho ghost of her former husband, who told her that she should die on a certain Jay. The lady was unwilling to believe him as an au thentic agent of King Death, unless he would give her aotne proof that it was not a phantom of her disordered imagination ; to satisfy her of his reality, he made a mark upon her arm, and it remained until her death, which occurred ou the day the ghost had predicted. All this (said the lecturer) bears the air of (he supernatural ; but, when closely examined, it is found reducible to or dinary occurrences, and may be readily explained. The lady might have walked during a dream, and have brought her arm in contact with the bot irons of a grate, or burning candle, or she mijrht have forcibly struck it against something which would cause a permanent mark ou the skin. The pain that would thus be caused might be insufficient to wake her, aDd yet enough to call forth a train of circumstances that would involve this as a link of a comploto chain. The death of the lady taking place on the day on which the spirit had foretold, i* stiictiy in accordance * ith the fact that imagination alon ! is suffi cient to cause death. We almost daily experience the power of fixed determination on any project, with con viction that wo shall accomplish it. If, on going to sleep, the mind be fixed on performing a certain action al any hour during the night, it scarcely ever fails to occur that the sleep is interrupted at thu precise time. May not this in some measure arise from a similar cause, but of a less intense degree ? A young lady, given to tho romantic, was accustomed towards evening to sit alone in her room. On one oc casion of her secluded reverie, she observed an airy figure flitting about her window ; the figure was that (if a female with a kind of radiation round the head, similar to that which represents glory in pictures, 'lhe figure bent forwards as in lecognition of her presence. The lady was greatly alarmed at this apparition ; and the next evening watched with her father, to whom the fi gure presented itself. He was unable to conjecture thr source, but was willing to attribute it to anj sause ra ther than to supernatural power. This was a wise de termination, for the true cause ultimately came to light. It appeared that an old woman, who had a cabbage garden behind the house, paid regular nocturnal visits to her cabbages. Id her Walks she carried with her a lau tern, the rays from which, being obstructed by her per son, cast a shadow of it on the window of tho young lady's room; some few of the rays from the lantern reaching tho window above Uor head, illuminated the space over the shadow, and gave tho appearance ofgb-y. A Philosophical Society formed itself at Plymouth. .They met in (he winter in a room at the end of a gar den belonging io a tavern ; and ia order to avoid the publicity oi passing through the house, they were each provided with a key to tho garden gate. They had a rule that the members should preside alternately. It go happened that the Society met on an evening when the president for vhe night was dangerously ill. It was re ported he was dying. The members were regretting with each other the loss that the Society would shortly sustaio in the death of so valuable a member; the pre sidential chair, out of respect to the dying man, was left vacant Whilst they were occupied in this conversation, the door opened, and in walked the ghastly figure of the president, clothed in a sheet and white cao. He. with me uimosc anu unusual gravity, wal&ea; up to Ms seat, raised the empty wine- glass to his lips, bowed to the company, replaced the glass upon the table, and walked out. This was visible to every one of the members. With the utmost astonishment they hastily dispatched two messengers, members of the club, to inquire after the health of the absent president, who, they were horri fied to learn, had died that evening. Some years elapsed before any light was thrown upon this strange occur rence. At last one of tho members of the club, a medical man, was called to attend au old woman, who said she wished to unburden her mind before she died. She spoke to the effect that she had attended the president of the club during his illness. He was at times light- headed ; therefore she was urged to watch him attentively : but one night she fell asleep, and when she awoke she found that the patient was gone. She ran out to find him, but met him returning at the door — but be returned to die. A fevr minutes afterwards the messengers from the club arrived, but they, having passed through the house, had a much greater distance to (ravel than the sick man, who, bent upon his business for that evening, had taken his key, and had passed through the nearer entrance, the garden gate, and thus had missed the messeBgers. The nurse had kept this circumstance a profound secret, and ooly on her death-bed did she venture to disclose it. 