SFC Fs'ION FROM T11B ROMAN CATHO LIC CHURCH IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK. From the Hew York Observer ,) Continued from o if Ur.) I. —Declaration. We reject the following ..... j l#_Tiie doctrine, thai the Pope is the visible head of the Church standing in the place of Jtsus Christ, and we repel in ady.tiice all ccncs ions which may possihly.be made by the hifrarchy to 'subject the Free Church again to her yok».- ' . . 2, We "j'-cl the doctrine that by ordinal on there is -conferred upon the priest any special etevatea Dig nity above the laity, and that, by virtue of the same authority is given them over faith and doctrine, over the consciences and the opinions of men. 3 We rej ct the constrained celibacy of the clergy, as an ordinance not founded upon the Holy Scr p- tiires, but rather a contrivance devised by the I ope< tor their domineering purposes. 4\. We reject auricular confession. 5\. We renounce the invocation of saints, the wor ship, of relics and images. 6\. We teject indulgences, fasts, pilgnmages, and all such hitherto appointed. church regulations, which can ouly bad to an empty self righteousness. 7\. \Ve nj' Ct she doctrine of purgatory. . But we freely profess the following well established tenets of the gospel : — II. — Confession cf Faitu. 1\. As the general substance of our belief, we adopt the following creed ; — We believe in God the Father, who, through His Alin'uhty Word, created the world, and rules it in wisdom, right ousness, and love. We believe in Je sus Christ, our Saviour. We believe in the Holy Spirit, a holy uuiversal Christian Church, the for giveness of sins and life everlasting. Amen. 2\. We assign to the Chnrcli individually the duty of bringing the import of our faith to a living Chris tian development adapted to the times. 3\. We allow entire freedom of conscience, the free invesiigaiion and interpretation of the holy Sctip- tuies, v.i.li no recognised extetnri authority j wg ib iinin i'.e esjeciaily alt coetciun, all hypocrisy, ana «ll lying, and tnere?ore find in thedtvetrity o! views 4tid readings of onr doctrinal basis no ground tor diri- -i and denunciation. We hold our cteed suhjset to a deepe! scrutiny, of the Holy Scripture, founded on the development aid iufi .ence ot the Holy Spirit. 4\. We acknowledge on the au horstv o: L-e Holy Scripture only two sacraments instituted by Christ Baptism and the Supper ; but as Church institution sin the spirit of the gospel — confirmation ("reception iu o the congregation by a confession of Huh on arri ving at years of discretion ; — the laying on ot hands «i h prayei) die Busse ; — repentance (prayer for the fOMiveness ot s:ns;) der Priesterwiehe (ordination ;) laying on ot hands with pnyer ; matriaeand prepar- j lion lor death (wi;h prayer). j 5\. Baptism shall be administered to chitdieu, with i the expectation that it will be followed by a rattfica- j t;ou of the Confession of Faiih (confirmation) on their j atrivin? at years ot discretion. ' 6\. The Lo'd's Supper shall be taken of by the con- j gregation as il was instituted by Christ in lo-h kinds. 7\. We ret Ogt.ise marriage as a holy, binding rite, and retain for it ike Church's basing ; Jet we ac knowledge rut other conditions end limitations than such as ate fix> by the h»s of the state. 8\. We believe and declare that it is the first du»y of the Christian to m.niiest his faith by works ot Christian love. III. — In fixing the outward form of worship and tne Church o dar in the congregation we 'ollow sua- stanriaHy the decrees of the Council ot Leipsic. 1\. Public worship consists principally cf instiuc-l tion and edification. 2\. Tha Liiurgy of that pat t of public worsh p which should serve for edification will, according to the usage o' the Asoaies and primitive Cbiiriiatis, be tirade conformable to existing circumstances. Tlie par icipatton ol the membeis of the congiegat o i (in thes<? Liturgical exercises.) and the abercalio i he - tween tiifcin and the n>iuts;ers will be regarded as an essential matter. 3 — Public worship shall be conducted in the German language. 4\. Public v o strip shall be conducted in the follow, ing order : a Invocation ; in the name of G-.»d the Fcth?r, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. b Introductory hynm. c Toe Confireor, d the Kyrte, e the Gloria in Ex- ctiais, /" the Collect for He day, g the Epist e, h tire Gospel, i t»»e Sermon, togethot with on extem poraneous prayer, and singing before and after, k the Creed, I the Hymn, Hoy, Holy, Holy, m instead ot the Canons selected 'rota the Passion, with the words of institution of the holy SupptT read oy the minis'er, n during the Commuuion, tne A jhus D -i, c the Lord s Piajtr, p a c'ostng liymn, q he B ne- diction. 5\. a ter the solemn public wo ship in the after- uoun there shall be a catechetical exercise or instruc tive lectures, The latter may he by a layman who shall have been approved lor this purpose by the of ficers of the congregation. No frsuvais shall be observed, but such as are ap pointed by the civil authority. 7 All church rites, such as baptism, marriagas, funerals, &c.;, solemnised by the minister, withou. fee for all the congregation alike. 