THfi TEETOTALLER'S CATECHISM, ([Concluded from our last.) CHAPTER X, BY THE BEV, M. SCULLY, O. C, C. '* l lisve written to you not to keep company ; K any man that is called s brother, be a drunkard, wjtli such a one not so much as to eat."— 1. Corin. v., U. ; Son. Well, father, having learned so much respecting the evils of intemperance, will you now Favour me by showiing me the good effects of temperance iu all respects ?' Father. Mostclieerfnlly, my son. I have already mentioned to you, that as long as a person practises the virtue of temperance there is no great danger of his offending God, because of the subjection thus imposed upon the passions of the body. I will now speak more at length on this great virtue. Temperance, my son, is one of the cardinal virtues, and is so called because upon it depends the superstructure of other virtues. As humility is called the foundation of those virtues which immediately elevate the soul to God and to a contemplation of his divine {perfections, so, in like manner, may we justly call temperance the foundation of those moral virtues, by the practice of which the conduct of man's life may he in accordance with the dictates of wisdom. Son. Are there any scriptural commendations of tcmperance ? Father. Yes, many, and with them 1 shall now furnish you. In the Book of Proverbs—"Give not wine to kings; because there is no secret where drunkenness reigneth; and lest they drink and forget judgments, and pervert the cause of the children of the poor." In this condemnation of intemperance we behold the strongest comroeudation of temperance. Now if wine be a source of evil to kings what must it not be to subjects, and what ample proofs have we not daily before our eyes of the demoralising effects of drunkenness with regard to the mass of the people ? Who are bad atid unfaithful subjects to their sovereign?— Drunkards. Who are bad and wicked parents ? — Drunkards. Who fill the public prisons by their crimes ?—Drunkards. Who break the hearts of parents, ruin the fortunes of brothers and sisters, bring misery and disgrace to their homes ? -—Drunken 6ons and daughters. Who, in fine, are the pests of society ?—Drunkards. Son. Father what you say is, alas, too true, but let me hear more from the Bible regarding temperance. Father. Ecclesiasticus says—" Watching and eholer and gripes are with fiu intemperate man, sound and wholesome sleep with a temperate man, he shall sleep till morning, and his soul shall be delighted with him." Son. This, father, ought to be a great and a powerful inducement to all to hecome temperate. I wish that John would reflect upon those sacred commendations of temperance, for I nave often heard him, in the morning, complain of what a had night's rest he had, and when 1 inquired of him the cause he said—" Oh. indeed, I took a drop too much last night." Father. Yegj my son, such is the morning language^of the drunkard. Alas, how blind mau is to his own happinness. In the evening he scruples not to indulge himself with an intoxicating drink which renders him unfit to present himself before God, to thank hint for his divine protection during the past day, and to prav for a continuance of that mercy duiiug the hours of sleep; ho fears not to lie down upon his bed without any consideration upon the hour that is approaching to him with the rapidity of lightning, in which he must bid adieu to this world: and oh! God, how many Euch persous hast thou called out of this life to thy judgment in a drunken fit. It is no wonder, my son, that John would com. plain of a bad night's rest, when he was so wicked as to drive away from himself, by his drunken excess, the protecting angel whom God has given to him, and laid himself down to sleep in the arms of sin. Son, Father 1 will advise John against ever doing so any more, and i will teil him what the scriptures say about drunkards. CHAPTER XI. " Wfapn (hey are feasting and drinking tbey shall he consumed as attibble."— N'ahem. i. 10. Father. My son, besides those passages that I have quoted from the sacred scriptures there are many others, a few of which I shall quote for jour instruction. Son. Thank you, father, I shall be most happy to bear them. Father. The Apostle St. Peter, in cautioning his disciples against the temptations of the devil, says—»« Brethren be sober." Now the reason of this holy admonition is founded upon the words of our Redeemer, which 1 have already given you, namely—" Take heed to yourselves, lest your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting and drunkenness, and that day come upon yoii suddenly.*' Unless a man be givien to sobriety it is folly for bim Jo .expect a participation in the grace of Cod, and, consequently, impossible for Mm to acquire eternal salvation. Though the Son of God haB died upon the cross for his sake, though the Holy Ghost has descended upon him at his baptism and at his confirmation, yet so poperful are the effects of drunkenness, in the destruction of the soul, that he who is the slave of it, if he persevere, has no reason to hope for heaven. Son. I wish, father, that all drunkards knew those things. I am sure, if they did, they would give up the evil practice. Father. St. Paul, the great ApoStle of the Lord, in teaching us how we are" to live, so as to please God and be saved, says—" Not in rioting and drunkenness," And in another place be distinctly informs ns " thatdrunkards shall not enter into. the kingdom of heaven." I truBt, my son, that your reflection upon those- sacred, truths will be to you a ^safeguard against ever becoming a slave to intemperance. Son. So I hope, father, with the grace of God. Chatter xii. " And be not drunk with wine, wherein- is luxaty; but be ye filled with the Holy Spirit."--Eph. v. 18. Son. Father, I would now be happy? that you would point out tome the temporal blessings that flow from temperance, Father. That I will also do, most cheerfully. The first great benefit of temperance is, that a man is by it always in posessiou of that gift which God has bestowed upon him, uamely. Reason. Recollect that I now raeatr temperance in eating as well as iu drinking. • Possessed of the right use of reason, man is lord of the creation and master of himself. From this it necessarily follows that his thoughts, wotds, and actions, are in accordance with the law of God, and they being so, he is happy in mind, no matter whether he abound in riches or pine in poverty. If such a man be rich all those under his authority are happy if it be not their own wish to be unhappy; and if such a man be poor, he rejoices in that beatitude spoken by Christ—" Blessed are the poor in spirit." Poverty loses its sting for the consolation of a good conscience fills the heart with joy in the midst of afflictions. Whether such a man be master or servant his duties are strictly performed, and those amongst whom he lives esteem him on account of bis virtues. If sickness approach him be is reconciled to the will ot God, and if death call upon him he is prepared to meet his God, not as a rigorousjudgeof wickedness, but as a merciful rewarder of a well-spent life. chapter xnr, " Be sober and watch.* because your adveranry the devil, a roaring- lion, goeth about seeking whom he may devour; Whom resist ye, strong in faith; knowing that the same affliction befalls your brctlnen who are iu the world. But '.be God of all grace, wtio hath called us unto his eternal glory in Christ Jesus, after you have buffered a little, will hiinselt perfect you, and confi ni you, aDd establish jou."—n St. Peter, v., 8, 9 10. Son.—Now, father, I will make attend of my questions by asking you the best means of rendering the observances of the Pledge lasting and useful 1 Father.—That, my son, is a very important question, and my answer to it is very short. " Every good gift," 6ays the Apostle, "descends from the Father of light." If, then, a man wish to persevere in the practice of temperance, which is a good gift from God, he must adhere to the practice of his religious duties; he must avoid the occasions of, and temptations to drunkenness; avoid the company of druukards; avoid all public houses and cordial shops; avoid all pledge-breakers as scandalous and dangerous; avoid not only the sight of all intoxicatiug drinks : but any cordial which has the slightest connexion with them. Ever recollect that one virtue is not alone sufficient to obtain heaven, and that to please God a man , should daily labour to acquire all the virtues necessary for his slate of life; he should ever have before his eyes the words of our Saviour—" If thy eye scandalize thee pluck it out, and if thy hand scandalize thee cut it off,''that is to say, no matter what may be the inconvenience or annoyance he may experience in preserving his pledge, nothing should induce him to violate it. Too many there are who have, at the advice of false friends, fallen back into the habit of drinkiug of intoxicating liquors, and become greater drunkards than ever; their example should be a caution to all to never give up the good flight of virtue no matter whether seasons change from heat to cold, the elements from serenity to inclemency, or whether doctors say health requires the assistance of those drinks, for using which many are now suffering in company with the rich glutton. By thus acting the Fledge will be a source of lasting utility to him who has taken it, and whilst others are pining under the tyranny of their own passions, the teetotaller will be a possessor of true liberty, 