ENGLISH GLEANINGS. THE COURT AND FASHION. The little dinner and evening parties at the Pa- lace seldom exceed eight or ten ; and matters are now driven so late, that those who go in the even- ing have scarcely more than an hour to remain ; indeed it would be much better if things were called by their right name, and ladies and gentle- men were invited to spend an hour at the Palace after supper. George the Third dined at one o'clock and Queen Charlotte went to the extreme of fashion in dining at four o'clock. George the Fourth car- ried the dinner as late as it was supposed possible, when he fixed the hour at seven o'clock : but peo- ple now are invited for eight o'clock to dinner with the Queen, just the hour when the Romans used to banquet, but they called it supper. Her Ma- jestv and the Prince really dine at two o'clock. The Prince of Lowenstein, the Duchess of Kent the Duchess of Sutherland and her daughter, Sir Henry Wheatley and his two daughters, have been among the Queen's guests lately. — Cheltenham Looker-On. We can state, upon nearly the highest possible authority, that intimation from the most exalted quarter has been conveyed to certain noble and titled brides, who thought proper to consent tco clandestine unions, that their attendance at her Majesty's Drawing-rooms will not, for the present be expected. — Court Journal. Gibson having completed a statue of her Ma- jesty at Rome, her Majesty has directed, through Viscountess Canning, that it shall be forwarded to England in time for the Royal Academy Exhibition of the present year. One of the most eminent publishers in the New World has forwarded to England a quantity of il- lustrated and other American publications, intended as a present to her Majesty. The Clare Journal says — "We feel pleasure in recording an instance of her Majesty's wish to en- courage the native manufactures of Ireland. Two girls, sisters, of the name of Davies, living in Co- rofin, having long enjoyed a well-deserved reputa- tion for their taste in the knitting of stockings, were advised to present a pair to her Majesty, who was so pleased with the beauty of design and exe- cution, as to order four-and-twenty pair for the royal infants." The following is a minute description of the beautiful baptismal gift which the King of Prussia is about to present to his royal godson the Prince of Wales :— The shield, which is of massive silver, is ornamented with bas relief. The first series of these bas reliefs is executed from drawings by the celebrated Cornelius, re- presenting subjects from the New Testament. Round the shield the groups are ranged successively in the fol- lowing order : — Christ's entrance into Jerusalem ; Judas betraying; Christ : the death, burial, and resurrection of the Saviour: the coming of the Holy Ghost; Peter preaching on the day of Pentecost ; and the rite of bap- tism. An inner circle of bas reliefs represents the trans- fer of the water from the river Jordan, by clergy of the Church of England, for the christening of the Prince of Wales ; Queen Victoria reclining on a couch, and holding the young Prince in her arms; a messenger announcing the birth of the Prince to his illustrious god- father; the King of Prussia on board the Royal yacht, accompanied by Alexander Von Humboldt and General Stolberg, sailing up the Thames, escorted by the river nymphs, and by St. George; the King's arrival at Wind- sor, where Prince Albert and the Duke of Wellington pledge the cup of hospitality by drinking his Majesty's health, and return thanks for his safe voyage. In the centre of the shield there is a head of Christ, exquisitely chiselled in gold, and a cross, round which are grouped the allegorical symbols of Faith, Love, Hope, and Jus- tice, in gold. The intervals between the principal bas reliefs are filled up by smaller figures and groups, repre- senting subjects from the Old as well as the New Testa- ment. The twelve Apostles, in cameos of omx, are chi- selled from models executed by Fischer and Calandrelli. The rim of the shield consists of enamel and niello, in- terspersed with precious stones; and wreaths of mille flori form a framework round the several compartments in which the bas reliefs are ranged. At the bottom of the shield is the following inscription in niello:— "Fre- deri us Gulielmus. Rex Borussnrum, Alberto Eduardo Printipi Walliae in memorium Diei Bapt.XXV. M. Jan A. MDCCCXLII. A committee has been formed in London for the purpose of raising funds to erect a statue in honour of the Queen Dowager. During the election for the Chancellorship of the University of Cambridge, some discussion arose as to the propriety of Prince Albert appearing in moustachios in the event of his being elected to the dignity for which he was a candidate. It was allowed to be impossible for him as a Field Mar- shal, to dispense altogether with the upper lip ap- pendages of the military character, and it was there- fore suggested that he should compromise the mat- ter by having one moustachio removed, in compli- ment to the University, and allowing the other to remain in compliment to the British Army. It is one of the inconveniences of accepting appoint- ments and honours of an opposite character, that the recipient himself must exhibit in his person appearances that may be justly called contradic- tory. Some of the admirers of the Prince declared that as Chancellor of the University he ought to shave off his moustachios entirely ; others con- tended that he should keep them both on, and in approbation expressed of the latter proposition, the fable of 'the hair and many friends' has had a new turn given to it. Our own view of the case is that the Prince should have his moustachios made after the fashion of railway shares — transferable, so that he might attend a review with them on as Field Marshal, but take them off and put them in his pocket when called upon to officiate as Chancellor of Cambridge University. — Brussels Herald. The Limerick Chronicle states that a deed of sepa- ration has been drawn up between a noble Earl, the Colonel of a Hussar regiment, and his Countess. The latter is to receive £2500 a-year. 