GER&LDINE;: A TALE OF CONSCIENCE. CHAP. VIII. " W*hen after the departure of my dear father I spent the summer of last year with Lord and Lady .Hungerford," said Geraldine, " 1 became of course acquainted with all the numerous visitors, who suc ,ceeded each other, in that ' hospitable mansion,' as :the Morning Post would describe it. It happened that, on my arrival, the party was notlarge, and the opportunity afforded of insight into each other's opinions and characters was therefore greater. I -found 'Lady .Hungerford and most of her guests 'oc?upied with a work by a Rev. Mr. Blanco White, w)icelh placed tile Roman.Catholic religion in a most utnfavourable light, and, therefore was gladly handed -from one person to another, and became the text book whence to draw materials for animated dis course. Tlhe following day a young stranger, introduced ,to me and the other visitors by Lord sHungerford as Sir.Eustacede Grey, asked me, when ther topics in 'Doblado's Letters' were again brought ;forward, whether 4 had ever met with, or heard of, th'e reply given to that work by a Catholic priest P' 'On my answering ia thenegative, "A expected as -much,! said he, "' am a Catholic, living.constantly .amongst.Protestants, many of whom4 love and re-. spect'as dear and esteemed friends; yet shall I own 'to you, that [I find themp, with but few exceptions, -breaking. one of God's commandments,' Thou shalt. -not bear false witness against thy neighbour.' As an instance in point, the calumnies written by an .apostate priest, who owns that, during ten years, he acted alie-these calumnies are believed at once and; .for. ever, without oneatternpt to hear a word on the other, side,.before passing.judgment. Every Pro testant?is ready to taunt me with, * Have you read Dobladb's Letters P but wlhen.I reply, ' Yes !' and lhave, you read'the answer P'" the reply invariably is ' No!' So much for Protestantjustice." "?Very.fair ! very good," cried Mr. Everard, ".but yotu do not tell us how you liked-De Grey's manners. and appearance, on your first acquaint .ance P" .".Everard," saidthe ,Warden.gravely," my niece is very.properly confining Lher thoughts to subjects of more importance, than those to which you would -turn her attention. It can signify but little to a dauglhter of General Carrington's by what vehicle 'is conveyed to her the -substance of an opposed creed." " "~I weill. candidly -tell you, iIr. Everard," said -Geraldine smiling, " that, when made aware of-Sir .Eustace being a practical as well as theoretical Ca tholic, by' the. days of abstinence which he strictly kept; the .ride before breakfast every morning to .hear mass at Burnleigh ; -the rapid sign of the cross -when .grace] was said at dinner; with several other 'Catholic habits .which were openly mentioned around me, I took an interest in your friend, which-l should not have. felt under other circumstances; for I can anot describe the strange effect produced on my mind by having the Catholic faith displayed to me by this :young 'countryman. lie was the first Catholic •Englishman-I ever conversed with ; and.to be per suadedi- that, -in these -enlightened days, a highly educated and.ratlier satirical Englishman, could believe -in the spiritual supremacy of the Pope, go to. confession to a priest, do penance, invoke the Virgin, and pray for the dead; no .it.was impos Ssible; such absurdities must have given way -to :the universal light bursting in even upon that .wilfully dark and foolish old. church P As I found that young 'De [Grey bore with the greatest good humour the-rough Protestant.jokes of Lord Hun ?gerford, and the -impracticable prejudices of her ;.ladyship, I also ventured to inrquire, with due polite -ness, into the ,present actual belief-of the Roman * Catholic Church P " " Thlepresent belief, said he, ' wrhy, that r?hich "wae the aicienrt beliefL. The Catholic Church, from lher- very nature, cannot change." " Alas'!" cried .I, ",how .melancholy .a state of things! 'I had often been told this of the Catholic Church, but believed it impossible, that, in spite of every warning, she should persist in such--pardon " me, but are you obliged to believe every thing she teaches P" ".Certainly, every dogma; but as to matters of discipline, and of .pious opinions-and practices, not pronounced upon by Church authority, we may theorize as we- like. .But .perhaps," continued lie, " yoi,will allow me to show you what we ' Papists' really do believe,:and then, although you will pity " no less, you will respect us somewlat more." " At.night my maid placed on my toilet a scaled .packet, containing Gother's' Papist -Misrepresented and Represented ;' and when I look back on my ,then state of ignorance,.l feel that I could not have received a better primer than that little work. You -know, Katherine, my contempt for minds, which ,require repeitions of arguments, and my weariness of books that are spun out-with thlem. Here the whole strength of the little book was in simple state nmnts, and the whole weakness ansodil weariness was in, my own prejudieedl mind. -I read andti wondered, I and read again, till daybreak. Every article of tIhe .Caitholic crred is first' misrepresented;,' andcontains Sthe usuale belief amongst Protestants of what is tile faith of a Papist. Tie same article is thlen " repre-. 1 senteel,' and contains tile actual and 'unchangeable doctrine of the Cathlolic Church." " Aed why was all this so interesting to you P" inter;rlpted Miss.Grahamn. " We may very possibly misjudge tile Quakers,or tile Unitarians; yetnever have you evincedt tie least curibsity to possess more than historical knowledge respecting these sects." " First, Katherine, because they are' sects,' and every sect is on too small a scale to justify my idea of the vastness, thle universality, of the visible Church of Chlrist; next, because these, and all sects, believe lss .even than does the Churcds of England, and therefore could not tempt me. .1 hlave ever loved to be withl those whose faith exceeds my own." " 1 hope you are, however, aware, child," inter posedthe Warden, "' that if.you push tlhis idea to an .extremity, you will be led into countless absurdities." A servant hiereentered with a packet, apparently of books, direccel to 7Ir. Evcrard, which, on open ing, proved to come from the object of their late disctssion, acicompanied by the following note: " Dear Sir,-Will you offer, with my most re Sspectftl coirlpilrnents, the accompanying volumes to ..4vP ,C'rrington; and slould they be thlought . orthy, after perusal, of a place in her library, I shall feel smuch hlonoured. I remain, dear Sir, Yours faithfully, Eustace dtie Grey." " Everard," exclaimed the Warden, in a tone of deep dlispleasure, and laying his hand on the books, " is it fiting thaet, in the absence of General Car rington, his daughter should be betrayed by those who should supply his place, and be exposed to the dangerous subtleties of a proselyting Papist. who ldoubtlless would finld hiis own profit in converting tjhls sPet childe ad ,heiress, to the Church of which le is the champion P" S" :l' will return'thllis answer to De Grey, it being just characteristic of that charity whlich 'knoweth . no rvil,'" relurnerl Mr. Evcrardl, while his littlceycs , sparkled indignantly : " but let us first look st tie books.-Ha! Why, Geraldine, I could have lent you this work; capital !-incomparable !--by Ber ington and Kirk--' The Faith of Catholics confirmed by Scripture, and attested, by the Fathers of the five first centuries of the Church.' " " The five first centuries !" exclaimed Geraldine. "Oh ! how delightful ! how opportune ! These are epactly the pure and holy ages in the Universal Church, which the Church of England receives; and which five centuries comprise the four first General Councils, which are also admitted as having been guided by the Spirit of God. During those ages, the Catholic Church and the Church of Eng land were the same in doctrine. This you have fully explained to me yourself, my dear uncle: there can be, therefore, no possible danger in my taking advantage of the labours of these two Catholics Berrington and Kirk, in making extracts from the Greek and Latin writers. But how very extraor dinary that Sir Eustace should have sent me a work that must confirm me in my own Church !" " I have most assuredly told you," said the Warden, " that our holy and Apostolic Church of England does claim, those five centuries, which the Romanists also claim. Give them up the early ages of the Churclh, and they may then well charge us with heresy and schism, for departure from tihe Church is most guilty in the sight of God, who has declared, that those who hear her not are as heathens," " And how am I to be certain that I belong to that very Church, which Christ has pronounced to be with to the end of the world ?" said Geraldine. " I cannot trust to my own private judgment in the interpretation of the Holy Scriptures, having, by painful experience, seen the evil effects of this, I cannot, as an unlearned woman, search the original writings of these holy men, termed the ' Fathers of the Church;' how, much, then, should I be interested and benefited by reading a translation of their unanimous opinion on each point of doctrine now contested between the two Churches." " But do you expect," said Dr. Sinclair, " to find impartial extracts collected by Roman Catholics P Are you not thrown on your guard by the very circumstance of these extracts being sent you for the purposeaof your conversion P" "'1 would not read these Catholic extracts only, I would read the Protestant extracts also, compare each with Scripture, and then decide which followed more closely the Apostolical model. Pray, uncle, where can.I find a similar work (on the-Church of England side) to this attractively sounding book P" "I do not think I can name any one on precisely this plan," returned the Warden, ' but you can con sult the Fathers of the English Church, those venerated champions of the,primitive faith, and, besides these sure guides, you will find in our admirable Liturgy, a combination of whatever is sound in faith, elevated in devotion, and productive of benevolent and holy practice. Hold but that .form of sound words, and there will be but little dan ger of heresy or schism. The Liturgy of the Church of England may .be termed the exposition of her faith, a.commentary on Scripture, a treasure which cannot be guarded too carefully, or studied toodeep ly. Its spirit holds commune with antiquity, that antiquity for which you seek, and which gives it a rank inferior only to the Bible." Geraldine paused, and then replied : " I see that there is no medium to the-unlearned, between choos ing their .creed right or wrong from the Bible, or .else taking their own Church completely for granted; and, in-fact, the vast bulk of mankind, who through out centuries could not read, have not had this choice, but must even have looked on the minister appointed over him as their guide, their infallible guide. I also perceive that every teacher in these days, of those who cannot read, whether in the Established Church, or amongst Dissenters, must of necessity stand to- them in the stead of God's word, and of the orthodox commentary on that word, which they cannot read. Scripture never once implies it to be necessary for my salvation, that I should know even my alphabet; and yet, without it, I must confide in some direct authority that cannot lead me astray." " You are right my dear. The minister who has been duly ordained does stand in the place of God's written word, to him who cannot read : and if, with .fervent prayer, he implore God's blessing on his in structions, he may -rest assured that he will not be led into vital error." ".Do not be displeased, uncle, if -I can only say that I hope he will not be led hito .vital error; for I have no assurance that lie will not. I see plainly, that in every denomination of Bible Christains, Baptist, Quaker, Unitarian, Calvinist, Church of Englaqd, as well as RomanCaliolic, all those who cannot Tread, must listen to their minister's interpretation of Scripture, with the same faith as if inspired by the Holy Ghost, He must be to them as .the voice of God. What is to become of these millions of the unlearned, trusting to false teachers P Expliin to me the difficulty, uncle." " It is a dilliculty, Geraldine; but with those sects and their teachers, you, individully, have nothing to do. Keep clear of abstract questions; abstain from all attempts to dive into the permission of evil; for we are told that * differences must come,' and are, at the-same tinme, told that, 'woe will be unto them by whom they come.' Rest contented with your own easy task of obedience to tile duly ordainedl minister, appointed over you in the pure and holy Church of England." " Then you do believe, after all," cried Geraldine, , Tlhat our ministers, if they strictly adhere to tihe doctrines of their Chlurchl,are overruled by the HIoly Ghost, to-direct me right. You do believe, then, that the Church of England is infallible! Speak, uncle! Answer me for God's sake." "I do believe," at length returned the Warden, " that inasmuch as the Church of England approachles nearest to the alpostolic modlel, so lias the greatest portion of Godl's Holy Spirit to dlirect hler. Yet, in hler humility, shie clainms not infallibility, as I will show you by reading tihe twentieth of her articles, ' On the Authority of tihe Church.' ' The Church Ihath power to decree rites or ceremonies, astd authority in controversies of faith. Anil it is not lawful for the Church to ordain anythiing that is contrary to God's written word; neither may it so expound one piut of Scirpture that it may be repug nant to another. Wherefore, although the Church be a witness and keeper of hloly writ, yet, as it ought not to ldecree any thing against the same, so, besides the same, ought it not to enforce any thling to be believed for necessity of salvation.'" Geraldine slowly repeated the aInst clause of the articl-" ' so ought it not to enforce anything to be believed for the necessity of salvation.' What ! not any thin9gP Not the doctrine of the Holy Trinity P Not the redemption of mankind P Not the joyful hlope of a resurrection through Christ P" "Yes! Geraldine, for those doctrines are accord ing to the written word." "No i uncle ; the first of them is not so to the conscientious Arian and Socinian : neither Is Bap tism nor tihe Lord's Supper to the scrupulous mind of the Quaker;" and G;erahliue pausedl in deep thought during several minutes. Mr. Everard continued inii resolute silence, the Warden tlhe sanme ; but just as tie latter prepared to speak, Geraldine said abruptly, " Uncle who wrote those articles !"' " I thought you knew that, in the reign, and under the headship, of Queen Elizabeth, these arti cles, previously drawn up, were then solemnly con firmed and ratified by the Archbishops and Bishops of the Upper House, and by the subscription like wise of the Lower House, in their convocation held in the year 1571." " And that convocation," said Geraldine anxiously, "did not claim the guidance of the Holy Ghost did not, in plain terms, claim infallibility P" " Certainly not ' infallibility ;' but we trust and believe that the assistance of the Holy Spirit was given them in this re- modelling and purification of the Church of Christ." " How can you make this distinction, uncle, be tween infallibility and the overruling power of the Holy Ghost in the councils of the Church? And how can you praise as humility that want of faith in Christ's promises to' guide his Church into all truth P' How can the convocation or council,,which Christ directs, be fallible? This is not humility; this is want of faith ; and I recal to mind your own instructions to me, years ago, when, on my birth day, you brought me a set of beautiful Scripture prints, and encouraged my childish comments on them. I told you that I could not understand why Esau was not praised for giving up the grandeur of the eldest son, and contenting himself with the simple hardy lifd lie led; that I thought there was some thing quite equal to the philosophers I had read about in mny Greek stories, when Esau throws up his birthright for the mess of pottage. You then took me on your knee, and explainedl to me all those pro mises from God, which were contained in that Sbirthright,' which, not in humility and self-denial, but in impious contempt or disbelief, Esau had sacrificed to his temporal convenience; and you softened my anger against Jacob, whose face 1 had torn with a pin in the print of the' F ather's Bless ing,' while I wept over and kissed the unfortunate Esau, by reprepresenting to nme, that although the means were unjustifiable by which Jacob obtained the birthright and the blessing, and although God severely punished huim through life for his deceit, yet the desire to obtain these blessings, the hilgh price lie set on them, the trust lie showed in God's promises--these were most praiseworthy ! and while Jacob was punished by temporal chiastisements for his fault, lie was rewarded by spiritual blessings for his faith. Uncle, I have, ever since that explana tion, made the distinction between a false and a laudable ambition, between distrust and humility ; and I feel that I must apply all this now to the Church of England. Sihe has not shown a laudable atmbition for God's gifts. Sihe has shown distrust, .not humility, with respect to his glorious promises. She has, in fact, like Esau, thrown away her birth right of infallibility, for the mess of pottage she has gained in temporal advantages." " No ! no i child, not so fmist, though you make out your case pretty closely. But I will still vindi cate the Church of Enlgland from the heavy charges you prefer against her. Iloldimng the same doctrines, and following the example of the early Church, if she hesitate in assuming to herself the high title of Sinfallibility,' shie is the guardian and defender of that which was, and is infallible; she is the pre server of the faith once delivered to the Saints, and therefore worthy of implicit trust." Geraldine here pressed her hand to her forehead, and remained some time silent: at length she ex claimed, " Then, uncle, I think I understand at last ! As the Church of England is. in essentials, exactly the same with the early Catholic Church of the first live centuries, iuasmuch as that church was infallible, because still pure from its apostolic founders, so also is the .Church of England; but she cannot enforce anything that is not proved to have been held by that early church, and, of course. must not deny any thing, clearly flowing from that apostolical source?" ' You are right, Geraldine." " Well! uncle, 1 am satisfied.; andl believe, shall be now, from this time, a.very high church woman, .following strictly all the rules laid- down for my practice in the ' Book of Common prayer,' and endeavouring to recall all the wandering sheep of the flock into the one fold. Mly next interesting task will be the study of those pure ages in church history, with which we claim kindred and commu mnon; and, in the meantime, I thank you, my dear kind uncle, for all your.patience and trouble with me. But for you, I should have confounded our church with the other Protestant communities; but for you. I vhould.ere this have mistaken as you have said, ' the reverse of wrong for right,' and have become a Roman Catholic !" (To be continued..) 