TTnTT«"i? nu* Trains FriDAY. JULY 20 IN the House of Peers, on Tuesday, Lord Brougham moved the address to Her Majesty, on the subject of the business of the session, of which he had given notice, and took his promised critical review of the legislative performance of the present Government. He began by declaring that he made his motion with no factious motive, that he intended to cost blame on no one, and that his motion and observations were solely directed at the mode of legislation for which this session was peculiarly remarkable. The learned and noble lord first, reverted to the measures actually carried, which were fortunately the smallest portion of his subject fortunately, because worse measures were never passed in any preceding Parliament. Those bad measures were He Poor Law Administration Act, the Act for sus i taining the whole people of Ireland, and the Factories Act. The noble, and learned Lord then descended, as he said, to the" regions below, and having just pointed out the mea- . sures that had been partly announced by several members of the Government, but never received a tangible shape-" the thousand freaks that died in thinking ga- i thered round him a troop of the ghosts of the unfortunate bills that had been abandoned or massacred by their cruel parents. Amongst these he particularly noticed the Parliamentary Elections Bill, the Polling at Elections, (Ireland) Bill, the Sale of Encumbered Estates (Ireland) Bill, the Health of Towns Bill, and the Prisons Bill, In exhibiting these wretched spectres to mortal eyes, the noble and learned lord availed himself largely of the language of Virgil. Having concluded his review, he said he was almost tempted to confess that anything was better than a ministry without power. The session was indeed one disappointing to the people, ruinous to the character of Parliament, and in its actual performances insufficient and bad. The noble and learned lord's speech was diffuse, rambling, and incoherent in the extremest degree, and made a sorry contrast to those condensed, consequent, and masterly reviews of the labours of Whig sessions which Lord Lyndhurst made to famous. The Marquis of Lansdowne contended, that not a word had been uttered in condemnation of the present that did not equally apply to the legislation of' past sessions. He shortly defended the conduct of the Government in carrying or giving up their measures, and met the motion with a direct negative. . No other peer made a remark, and the motion was negatived without a division. 