LAW AND' POLICE COURTS; \- SUPREME COURT— CRIMINAL SIDE. , ? Sahlrrlm, 1O./A ./«»« 1847. On his Honor taking his seal, the Advocate-oenerai on served that, haying failed in the case of Smith, charged with receiving, he felt himself bound to atk his Honor for a re mand. in order that he miirht lav a fresb indictment charging me prisoner whu receiving irum »«»«: p'0'' ....™..»,.. ... Mr Poulden opposed the application, aiid dwelt upon the fact of Smith's having been »o long in jail, and hiving a wife and family. depending upon his exeitions for support. Besidep, the learned Advocate l.ad had the opportunity of preferring another bill during the attendance of the Grand Jury, f«-r two whoie days. His Honor ? Is there another indictment found? The Advocate- General Kairl there was, but from the turn which the eviden e took, he ruuld not bring it to bear upon the present indictment for larceny. His Honor said there nvs no evidence of receiving any other articles but the fowls. The Advocate-General thought be would be acquitted upon a charge of larctHy. His Honor s:«id it was very questionable whether he could !»e found gui'ty of the receiving; On considering the cir cumstance?, and the uncertainty of conviction, lie did not think he wouid be warranted in keeping the ptjsoner in nil. The next jury, instead of rinding him guilty of recei nnjr from some person unknown, might find him guilty of receiving from Wise. He wou'd therefore discbarge him [rom jail upon his own r. cogniz-tficf, to answer any chirce which might he preferred nirainst him at the next Sessions. The Advocate-Gem ral expressed his assent: The prisoner was then placed at the dock, and bound over in his own rerognirance i;; .£40 t.» appear at the ntxt Ses sion*;, and was thereupon di.«ch-iri!ed John Hyndes and Mary Hindes were thru indicted with stealing a quantity of jewtlleiy, the property of Montague Phillips'/ii. Messrs Fisher nnd Poulden appeared for the prisoners. With the facts of fhe cuse the public aie nlready familiar, laving, throuph the repeated remands which the prisoners underwent before the Police Commissioner, and the interest which at the tiiie the case created, been minutely di tailed tiy us in our police report?. The prisoners, emigrants by the Ahberton, were servants to Mr Levi, with whom the prosecutor was staying, aid had been about four months in his employ \\\h*n ihe robbery of the iron chest, with its valuable jewellery contents, wae perpetrated. The day after its being missed, it was found unopened, in a dung heap, close to the house. Sopicion xttacbed to the prisoners, who were apprehended, and shortly ifierwards, on searching their bedroom, a great variety of articles, wearing apparel, &c;, were found etulftH in the tick sf their bed. Some clothes also, which the female prisoner bud left in a bundle ut the house of Mr Wright, together with a watch-key, were clearly traced to the prisoners. A somewhat singular feature in the case wus, thnt after the iron chest had neen found and its content* removed, being Filled up with brick tats, and again put back in the same place, with a string ut tidied to it and to the house iuor. so as to give notice oi its removal to a person inside, it was again misterious.y removed. Mr Fisher took the primal y objection that the indictment was bad from duplicity. It contained no less than six dis tinct felonies in one count, the property being vested in six Jifferent person?. His Honor — Well, thnt is all right. It mnrle no difference if the property belonged to a hundred different persons. Mr Fisher had never seen a precedent for such an indict ment. In the course of the examination of PC, Percival, tbe Advocate- General askek the witness respecting a certain :onfess on which bad been made by the female prisoner. Mr Fisher objected to its being received, in consequence sf its affecting the other prisoner. HU Honor — From the nature of rhe evidence, you cannot Snd both tbe prisoners gui.ty upon this indictment. If he took the evidence an a confession, then the husband must in justice be acquitted So far as tin btisfjaiid ivu con. cerned his (his Honor's) opinion was 'hat the confession of the wife CLuld not.be made evidence against him. If she wete separately guilty of stealing certain artnies, he could not tie found seperateiy guilty of stealing other articles included in rhe same, indictment. P.C. Miiler underwent along crose-exaniinaiion by Mr Fisher, and his previous testimony in tbe police-court con irasted with that given by him upon tbe present occasior. Some 1 ott.'es of wine, it appeared, were found by him. ant' in answer to Mr Fisber's que-tion »f how he knew that the three bottles wen- wine, he said, ' I drew the eoiks, poured some our, and tasted it, and Mr Levi, some time befne, bavin? given mp a gluss of wme, this tasted very much like it ' (Laughter ) John Mansfield stated that the person he saw under tbe reraiidah was the prisomr, and tht-t he saw him pick up a 5t«ne or h brick an*1 throw it. ' Mr Fisher politely' called witness's attention to his pre vious deposition«, in wl ich he had stated that he hud seen prisoner under the verandah, and dad talked nothing about throwing stones or picking up anything. Several witnesses were called, prinr-ipally to identify the property, and both Mi Levi an/1 Mr Pliillipson gave the pri soners a good character for honesty, so far us they knew, up to the pp iod of the loss of the iron chest Mr Fisher thought it was really unnecessary to address his Honor. The prisoners were charged with stealing the articles jointly, and no evidence was given to support such a charge, except the confession of the female prisoner, which it was unnecessary for him to say coulJ not be received as against the male prisoner. The Advocate-General thought the confession was evidence, so far, at least, as it should go to the Jury, and they might give that weight to it, under his Honor's directions, they thought best. If the Jury thought the circumstances fixed the guilt more on one person than on the other, one could be acquitted His Honor said, there was a joint charge against the pri soners, who were man and wife, and a variety of articles were found in the bed-room, which appeared to be occupied by the both. But, apart from this, there seemed to be a watch-key found upon the male prisoner. His opinion was, that the Advocate could not have a conviction ujjon the general indictment. He could not put it to the Jury, for in- ' stance, that the female prisoner was at all guilty of stealing the watch-key. When he saw a variety of articles, some of which would fix one deed, some the other, he thought the Advocate-General should make his election, and discharge one or the other of the prisoners. The Advocate-General said, it was impossible to say whether the articles were taken by one or both of the pri soners, there being no direct evidence of the taking. K'is Honor said, it would be impossible, under the joint indictment, to find one of the prisoners guilty of stealing oue thing, and one the other. It did not follow, if certain articles were found in the wife's possession, that the husband had a guilty knowledge. He (the Advocate General) would have to. make his election The Advocate-General said, he would proceed against the male prisoner, whereupon tie female was discharged. Mr Fisher again rose, and submitted that the Advocate General was as badly off as ever, for the prisoner could not now be tried separately when he had been jointly indicted. His Honor overruled the objection. Mr Fisher then addressed the Jury, and said that the only articles which affected the prisoner was the iron chest and the watch- key. He warned them to throw out of their minds all circumstances respecting the confession. His Honor would put it to the Jury respecting some of the other urticles, over and above the iron chest and watch-key. Mr Fisher — How could they believe that the male, prisoner stole the chest, after it had been shewn that it was taken away after he knew that it had been removed, and its valu able contents abstracted, and afterwards filled with brickbats? How were they to believe again that it was the male pri soner who threw the stones, when it had been proved by several witnesses that he was about the premises and taking in wine to the family at the time the stones were thrown? They might as well have been thrown by the Cock-lane ghost, or any oilier warlock. Before they could find . the prisoner guilty of stealing the watch key they must be satisfied first that it whs a gold watch key, and secondly, be would submit, under his Honor's directions, that being the property of a minor an indictment upon it could not be sustained. It had been proved in evidence that the prisoner had said he found the key and his whole conduct afterwards was such as rendered a guilty knowledge impossible. [Had the prisoner been superstitious ft this period he might have justly imagined that the elements indicated his iate The lightening flashed, peal on peal tbe thunder rolled with such fury as to shake the building, and tbe big drops of rain came dancing down with sticb deafening clatter upon the shingled roof as to oblige his counsel to stop his address for a full period of ten minutes, it became also so dark that candles were lighted at ten minutes to four o'clock in order to enable his Honor, and the learned counsel to read their notes. Mr Fisher having moved from his accustomed place took his stand beside tbe witness box, and proceeded with his address.] He dwelt upon the evidence of Mad: ford and its variance with that given by him before the Police Ma gistrate, and requested them to exclude his evidence alto gether, nnd concluded address by putting in a certificate of character. , -..,'? , His Honor then addressed the jury and pointed out tbe reason why the female prisoner bad been acquitted. The mite uruoncr was charged w.th stealing » great number of things (his Honor here enumerated the articles). ? These belonged to a great number of persona, in tbe family, and had been found in the possession of tbe prisoner in his bed room. No time could be fixed upon wbien they were lost. They mi^bt have been taken away at one or many tioies. With regard to the iron chest there w«i8 little, if any evi dence, and tbe circumstances did not sepm to vvarrat.t the conclusion that he was tbe thief. If they found thai the box h'id not been moved away a second time then perhaps the case would have been different. Respecting the throw ing of stones he could not see what was its object or how it affected tbe case. Midiford's evidence was not the same as formerly, nnd if the) considered it given with a bad in tention towards the prisoner they were to give him the benefit of the variance, and exclude it nltojjetber. The confession of the female witness must be altogether shut out from their consideration. The re seemed to be no doubt that many things were found in the bedroom which he thought were not there from an honest motive. Then they were to consider that it was not his bed alone, but the bed of his wile also. It the things were thete with bis know ledge it raised a strong inference against him. It whs said by l he prisoner thtt tbe key was found which wus also a question for them to decide. His Honor then directed the jury as to the identity, and concluded by directing them that if they found him guiity of uuy one of the articles they would say which. The jury consulted together for a few minutes and re turned with a verdict of guilty, but were sent back by his Honor to say what particular articles they believed him guilty of stealing. The juiy in about five minutes returned and found tbe prisoner guilty of stealing everything except the iron chest His Honor then passed sentence. No one who had heard the evidence could doubt of his guilt. He had been a con fidential servanr, and if he hnd been only found puilty of stealing the watch key he would have been inclined to pass upon him a more lenient sentence. He thought it his duty to make an example of him. His Honor then passed Che sentence of seven years' transportation. The prisoner s-iid that the man who stole the box was in Court. He added, ' ? . ?- ?- and his wife were the persons who stole it and I Km perfectly innocent.' The prisoner was then removed, and Henry Wise was brought up for sentence. For the larceny of the chisels he was sentenced to three mouths' hard labour, and bis Honor in passing sentence for the lar I'eny of the books, &c;, the properly of Simon Fairlid, observed that he bad had the means of earning «n honest livelihood, and seeing such repeated instances of felony he could not doubt but that be was a person of bad disposition nnd not fit to be amongst 'us.' He then passed the sen tence of seven years' transportation, to commence from the date of tbe expiration of his previous conviction. This closed the Criminal Sittinirs of tbe Court. 