THE DEATH- SHIP. ' One tnorning in the month of August, 1 82- — j his ' Majesty 's brig It- ? , was becalmed in the. narrow strait that divides the, beautiful Isle of Schio from the main land of. Asia; being pretty near the shore, I, went up into the maintop, whence the island presented one unbroken line of verdure, from' the shingly beach to the summit of the vine-clad'hills that stretch from' 'end to end. ' My attention was ar-( rested' by the appearance of a sail of a peculiar and strange character; at the en trance of the strait. She had just rounded a small, point of land, and (Seemed to'be a fore-and-aft-rigged vessel of small size, but under no command ; her boom jibbed every roll she took, with a gentle swell'; her' gaff 'hung down as if her peak haul yards had been cut, and her fore-trysail sheet was evidently adrift by the flapping of the canvass. ' Webb,' cri«»d I, ad dressing the man at the mast-head, 'do, you see the schooner-rigged craft,. outside there — she,seems to be adrift somehow or other'?*' ' Where*? — oh, aye, I sees her now,; she's a square-looking gigamaree sort of a thing ;' and the next moment he hailed the deck to report her. The attention of the entire deck was now at tracted' i towards the strange vessel— the officers reconnoitred her with -glasses ; the: Jacks had to employ .their eyes, but this did, not prevent- them ..from passing their various opinions on, what she was likely to prove. Descending from the aloft, I joined the latter, and listened to the fol lowing dialogue, of these unsophisticated sons of the sea : — ' I'll tell you what it is, my mates,' said an old forecastle man of1 the name of 'Benton, ' I think -as how that ere craft has been robbed by pirates, and I'm blest if we should n't. root ;i them out as ..clean 's a leek,; I'll bet any man a, week's grog to a tot that all the crew 's been made to walk' the plank.' ' For my part,' said 'a foretop man, ' I likes to have nothing to do with 'em ; it's always sure to be boat work, and that V the devil and all for knocking a poor fellow up— you know that; why,! we was arter, and took, a polacre-rigged craft, once when I was iu the Set ingapatam, and after chasing her a whole day, we lost eight as brave fellows' as ever stepped a ship's deck, in chasing the cut-throat rascals ; hang '.me, if I would n't sooner be in action, m double watch, yard-arm and yard-arm,, in a slashing frigate, than be on a look-out chase for a day or two in an open boat, at what is but, at 'best, a ?thief-'taking job.' The' strange ?vessel was about two miles distant, and still rolled as if not under command;, a boat,, which I accompanied, was therefore dis patched to, overhaul her. We were within ?a'short distance of the stranger, when Joe, 'who fidgetted about on the taffrail of the 'b'iatjsaid' ' I'm blest, Mr.^Murphy, if I Hkes to have ought to do with them 'ere sort ?o'craft— she's not? lucky— she's, clinker -built— devil a- bit of 'em.' 'I'll tell you what it is sir, Mr. Murphy,' said one Bill Dennis, an Irishman ;' ' is it you that's a county Cork man, and doesn't know 'the, natharal, consequensh of going on board a vessel' commanded' by the devil 1 Och, musha grah ! ' I always thought an Irishman was careful of his honour ; and bless,my sowl. Sir, w here's. the honour in having a set-to wid such an old soot- bag, when it's may be you won't got a good ?nialavadering, and be bheat black and blue, and as many colers as the rainbow, ana never sees the tist . ,tnat does it; .' ?'i Hold 'your 'jaw, Dennis, or I ll.hitjou a clip with the tiller,' said the Middy, in a; tone that silenced further' discussion. So' forward we: went; rather ' reluctantly^ to be sure, when the man next the bow oar^ on looking round with a ''suspicious glance, caught a crab, and he was thrown back on the thwart, bellowing like a bull ; he was'soon / relieved, and giving the boat a sheer alongside, it was '| in bow, and h6ok on by. the'imaih chains.','! '.','.: Follow we,!' said Mr. Murphy to Fenton and some ?others, 'and let's'see who is in her.' -If. old;Joe had got a pistol' snapped in his ?teeth he would not have been more chop fallen than at this salutation ;, for although -a brave old fellow in every other respect, ?he( had' the heart 'of a chicken- when' he thought 'he'' had to deal,' with' 'anything supernatural. 'Can't , you '.'.'come', along, Benton,' said Mr. Murphy, laughing, ' ivhat a|g'lyqu afraid Jof'man?' 'This made'Joe^start; and drawinga pistol from lu8lbelt,;;-he;fpno- yedi'upifriieJs'ide,7sayin'g,r ' pH/jIwish rvvas'inth^old Macedonian again, :arid';out.of,,',this' infernal, ghost? hunting -hooker !'' , A solemn silence .was preserved!duringlthe few. minutes occupied . in'ascendihg^ttie side, ^!.'ah^;-ye. found' our-,' selves /standing, !pn '(, the, gang- way ; gazing about uj and at one another, awe-struck, by the death-like stillness that reigned throughout the, vessel ; even the black dog had^disappearedi'whicK'made' Benton- ten' degree^ VKcpej than '', lie i^was. before '; ' all,'- the.,quarter-deckvwas .s'trewnVvyith canvas; and istraw.as1 if a'number of bales /had been unpacked, and here and' there marks of Sibare 'feet of « ai;da'rk '.'colour;- ?'' ' It's blood!' exclaimed Joey as' he started back afte'r;'exainining'.it, ahd'easting a long look . to iour^owhiihipi' that, was, nowi rapidly approaching -by;: the t'help of her 'long- sweeps^ '''the' vessel's' been ^boarded by pirates 'arid 'robbed; and all her: crew, murdered!' . .... ,;-i . , . „.'. ., ,. .(Dn, descending, to examine, ,the. cabin, we, were stopped at the foot of, the ladder byla bale of silk that had been ransacked ; thi1i'l'we(--'haUle'd;'fr\om''the''dpor'\andl;Mri: Murphy knocking) waited td.'listen if any one would speak, but not a sound was heard.save:the.cr.eakingpf the, bulk- heads, and the clattering of the blocks overhead j, it wos !at' length' determined to force open the^dt)br;n!( Thi^dorte, -such a sight ! 'such a Bc'ene''of horror 'presented itself/ris *^l, shall never forget, and la still before imy mind's eye as ' vivid as at this moment. Hound the table in the cabin sat bound everyone to 'a ' chair the bodies of nine men and two women ! in such a mangled slate that I- turned dizzy and ran gasping on deck, my t head spun round, , and a heavy sickness lay at my, heart, while my feebled limbs failed to support me, and I sat down on the topmast step of the' lad- der nearly1 insensible. ' Mr.' Murphy had entered, but his feet 'slipping in ' the gore, which literally covered -the deck, he fell, and his hands rested in the thick clammy blood ! As he rushed past me on the lad der he presented a most ghasly; appear ance, with his face, hands, and white trousers deeply'dyed with the purple fluid. When he could speak he shuddering said — ' Good' God ! what a scene is here! I've been in action where dozens lay around me, but' never witnessed so sickening a sight as is to be- seen in that charnel-house !' Another party of the boat's crew, .with Benton, had descended the forescuttle, from whence a loud cry now reached us with the discharge of a pistol, and Webb and Dennis jumped up through' the scuttle gasping for breath. ' O, Lord ! is your throat cut too, Sir,' said Webb, seeing the state Murphy was in ; ' there's two or three poor fellows down there with their; throats cut from clue to earing !' ' Ay, and' by Hosier's ghost, that's a man as ye never drajjk tay wid,' said Dennis, ' old Joe has lain down to' keep them company ; he's' lying there kicking like a Kilkenny cat in con vulsions !' 'Is he dead, say 'you, Dennis ?' ' No, no, Sir, not at all, 'Joss he's shot himself in place of the ghost, but he's dhevilish frightened, Sir ; ? for d'ye , see, Sir, it was so dark that we could see never nothing at all but, black- ness, being just come down ov, the sun bames ; but Joe says, ' Holy Mary ! if there be'ant a man's leg,' and at that very moment aloud yell' so long' arid rnelan cholious like came out of a' corner, and Joe giving one twenty times louder,1 fired his pistol and dropt like a- cock ; I made to the scuttle again, but my ; brills i could now see three poor fellows ' lying welter ing in, their crimson blood,' as the song sings!' As soon as we were a little more collected, Mr. Murphy arid ' myself re turned to examine the cabin ,of this devoted vessel more minutely. It was with1 a beating heart 'I' wenti down the ladder and entered this floating Golgotha.' ,;t As I mentioned before, the men were each bound to a chair, rand three or ,. four, of them had their, heads lying back, that showed the gashes from whence had issued the stream of life and saturated their clothes with its crimson hue. ' The two ladies, who seemed to be mother and daughter; the latter beautiful in the extreme, if we might judge from the disfigured remains,' were' bound back to .back on, two chairs, lashed '.together, and strangled with a rope that was still about their necks ; this was the most pitiable sight of all: the old, lady's face was cut in several places, and the pro truding eye-balls and swollen tongues of both seemed even more hideous than the pallid corpses that surrounded the table. Thevessel;appeared to have been a French merchant schooner, as we judged by seve ral books in that language that lay scat tered around, and must have been attacked in the ,night by a pirate's crew, for the whole of the bodies were only half dressed, those of the two ladies excepted : they must have coolly bound them to the chairs and placed them in mockery round the table after' butchering them. That this 'dreadful scene had been enactedby some Greek pirates appeared' manifest, for, in one corner lay a skull cap richly embroidered and, peculiar to the nation, and a yataghan of superior workmanship lay on the blood-stained deck. We went again on deck, and the boat's recall being hoisted in the brig, as she was how near at hand, we pulled on board in a few minutes.-' Having reported the situation of ; the unfortunate vessel, the Captain accompanied us back, for the purpose of seeing the bodies decently wrapped in pieces; of pack-sheet, with which the quarter- deck was strewed, and thrown overboard. I ' do .not think, from the state of the bodies, that more than two days could have elapsed since this murder ous tragedy had been acted. ; I loosened the rope from the' necks of the ladies and unbound them from' tRe^chairs,' but still they ??sat; I: then saw: the young one's hand firmly, grasp ;tthat! of the elder, so firm .indeed;, that (.some force was required ; to separate, .them; the , snowy neck of the^ypung .lady,, was marked with the fatal !. cord,' , and her long black hair hung dowV in'disorder over her swollen, and ghastly countenance ;' she seemed to ! be' not more than eighteen ; while'the1 other, whom T took to be her mother; could1 scarcely have reached that age when female beauty is on the wane ; we spread their. long, hair over their faces, arid binding them, together in; the position they died with the ropV which, strangled ;them , proceeded to perform the same offl ce for 'the rest, ' One' of the men was of a noble, commanding figure ;' he seemed to ibe1 about thirty ,' fair-haired'and1 Roman nose ; his - shirt-collar was thrown open, and tied - only with a black ribbon,' but dyed of the .same sanguinary, hue as the rest; .nothing was. left, to say who the persons, were ; their pockets were turned inside out ; every locker and drawer, as Sveir as the hold had been borkeh open, and every thing of value' carried off. I looked at the books; but could not dis cover either name or writing by which we imight'forni a conjocture respecting the vessel, or;to -vhat port she belonged. At, length ;the disgusting job was finished. Having bound them in pairs and rolled them ,up in the canvass, we carried t,h'em on deck and slipped them,, over th? gang way^ 'When' all was over; the 'Captain prepared .to get into the boat, with his steward, and calling Mr. Murphy, directed him to take the vessel to Malta, retaining the boat's crew on board the deserted schooner, and promising to send provisions on board, he shoved off with, two hands only in the boat. We now turned to, to splice the gear and wash decks — this was done in a couple of hours. A cask of beef, one cask of poik.'a small breaker of rum, and two bags bread, with a small cask of vinegar, having come on board, we in part washed out the cabin, and with'the vinegar rinsed it so'as to give it a fresh smell ; and the schooner was under sail, and already leaving the brig far astern, ere we recol lected that old Joe must be keeping com pany with some dead rbodies on the fore castle ; and there sure enough,' we found him lying on his face in fits, and it was not till after a smart shaking that he re covered and'got on deck, when seeing the vessel with' a fine breeze, leaving the brig astern, , he was like to run distracted, ' Lord 1' he cried; 'what shall we do1? ' 'what shall we do?', ' Dhrink grog to be sure !' said Dennis, handing Joe a potful of .brandyj a small keg of which we had found in the forecastle ; Joe took a long deep and heavy draught and became partially resigned to his fate; though' he swore the devil was still in the craft, and that he only waited ,hisi opportunity ? to come out and cut all our throats as he had done to others, aud he'd be blest if he'd shut a, pan till he was cartain He was out of her. This was soon .after settled by the ' appearance of the black dog, who limping and wagging his tail; was forced from his retreat by hunger ; Joe was now satisfied it was not the devil, for he had wounded it in the shoulder, when he fired his pistol, and the ball stuck in the poor animal's flesh. Mr. Murphy extracted it,' and the dog gratefuly licked our hands, and, tried by every means in its power to show , its gratitude. The only clue that could be found to the schooner was on the leathern collar on the dog's neck. On a , brass plate was engraved, ' M. d' Alembert, Cherbourg.' We arrived at Malta in four day's and soon joined our own ship again ; but I never heard any more of the. vessel ; * the black dog, however, still followed us, and became a great favorite in the R ? ?; we named him ' Cherbourg' after what ive supposed to be his native place, and the brig set off again up the Straits on a cruise. , 