SECOND EDITION ; TAS'MANIAN TUR aCLUA.-We hiave to aCiilow ledge the receipt ofa copy ofthe rules, regulatlots, and orders of the Tasmanian Turf Clnb, of which his Excellency Sir W. T. Denison Is patron. The information published is indispensable'to Tagma nian'sportsmen. CHaRISTMA.-It has been remarked that the streets of Launceston have, during the last few days, presented scenes of rioting, drunkenness, and obsce nity, unparalleled. Our local columns furnish painful evidence of the fact. We do not remember ever having had to record so many sudden deaths, casualties, and o0fences in so short a time. And this. the " merry seison " of Christmas l Oh ghost of Marley ohashade of departed Scrooge 1 oh gods of Christmas past and Christmas present I where was thy correcting influence ; where thy humanising spirit that would teach all mankind to join with Tiny Tim in the little, heartfelt, prayer, " God bless us every one P" NovEL SocruTY.-A "Swimming Socie y",has been set afloat at Hobart Town. The object. is to establish taths, encourage hathing, udid-tacha the art of swinuning. M.IDiLAND AGRICUILTURAL AsAocIATION.-Tlte allnnual general meeting is advertised for 6~11 Jail. MR. ?VrrIegFOD.-This gentleman was pre gsented with a tribute of respect by the inhabitants of Oatlands prior to his departure. BISHOP NixoN, says the Advertiser, was to leave London by the Tasmania in October. VESLEYAN MISSION ARY SoctrTY.-Theannnal meeting was held on Monday, at Hobart Town, A.E. Wilmot, Esq., P.M., in the chair. At the various preceding services £30 were collected. TENDEns-Are invited for supplying the colo. lial establishments at Hobart Town with coal for the year 1848. Also, for 100 dozen of thte best port wine required for convict hospitals. SUPREnME CovnT.-Civil issues at Launceston' conumnence on oth January.' Criminal sittings on 7th; and Oatlanda, 3rd January. CounT OF REQUESTS.--LsninCetston, "JnnInry 1 ; Oatlands, Jaianary 12; Longford, Jattary 10; Campbell Town, January 8. QUAIrTRa SEsslONS.-Lastncestoli, Jannary 3, for hearing appeals, and settling. boatmen ane d cartels' fares; Canmpbell Town, January 10 Longlbrd, January 19; Oatlands, December 29. OPFetre s.-The Hobart Town papers men tion a brutal assault upon a nman named GriffitBs, and two robberies on the Jerusalem road. Tire SceHOONER " BLACK WATTLE. "- Tils schooner has been wrecked in the Derwent in a squall : no lives lost. LtouTHouIs AT KuwT's GntouP.-The lght house will he in operation on the 2Srd January. Tuo TnlutvltnAr .-Thlere are rumoura of a apllt bheween the Onmptroller-General and the Deputly-Comlmissary-Genleral, and some talk of a court of inquiry. Ar'ozNTre tNTs.--Mathew COrling Friend, Esq., is gazetted assistant police magistrate at George Town, vice G. S. Davies, ,sq., who In appointed police magistrate, deputy chairmen of Quarter Seslions, and cominmisioner of the Court of Repqucts for the distrit of Oallandt , in ille room of Johnl Whlllteford), Esq,. who proceeds to Europe on leave of absence. Mr. Thomas Last Ia aplpolted pIundkeeper at Spring Hill. DeaSEnTen.-The descriptiona of tFn deserters from the 06th reginment unamed William Bowton, anad Christopher Smith are gazetted. PunlIcANs' LraNseas.-Second quarterly meet. ia at Laanceston 7th February. Calmpbell Town anime p ay. 