REVIEW. The ABOLITIONISTS and TRANSPORTATIONISTS ; a Satirical Pvem. H bart Town : Printed and Published for the Author by John Moore, 11, j Macquarie-street. 1847. Price 2s. 6d. Under this title another bundle of doggrel has issued from that Cloaca maxima of printing in Macquarie-street which of late has scattered so much literary filth about the low haunts and obscure purlieus of the city. The writer is discreetly anonymous, and his object appears so disreputable, and in truth so perfectly wolfish, that we feel called upon to express, in behalf of our readers, and indeed of all right-minded persons, our opinion of the evil tendency of this unrivalled production-unrivalled, we mean, in malicious vituperation. There is, unfortunately, amongst a certain portion of our community a most rabid desire for scandal. Many who are themselves deserving of censure, and of all the ill-natured satire that can be fairly heaped upon them are the very persons who derive a most exciting exultation from the exhibition of the foibles of those who are much better and honester men than themselves, I We contend then, that a writer, be he is ! lented or be he not-and if he be, the more shame to his prostitution-who employs himself either in doggrel verse, like the | writer now before us, or in dull prose, like more than one writer we could name, is a very pest to society. In this opinion we think every good citizen will cordially concur and with this assumption we proceed to present our readers and the public with such confirmation of this opinion as the production now before us most amply supplies. The writer terms his verses " A Satirical Poem." Now satire is a weapon very keen, cutting, and powerful; but its handling requires rather more judgment, delicacy, and ability than our scribbler has evinced. Referring to his title page, we perceive that he has in one of his mottoes ventured to quote Pope, one of the choicest of English satirists. Here it is-but what it means the reader must discover : " If gold still make us blest and keep us blest, Still be getting, never, never rest, Now, having quoted Pope, it is natural to infer that the writer must have some small acquaintance with the works of that most accomplished and talented writer; has our scribbler forgotten these memorable and often quoted lines ? " Satire's my weapon ; but I'm too discreet To run amuck, and tilt at all I meet." Well would it have been had this young or old gentleman, " as the case may be," taken this couplet for his motto, and abided by its instruction. But he has not done so; On the contrary, he has recklessly " run-a- muck," and " tilted" at many who deserved better notoriety. But what can be said for the impertinent snarling of a writer who cares only to wound the feelings and disturb the domestic peace and happiness of amiable families ? Shame a fearful shame to any man-if man he be-who can devote we do not say his talent, but his clumsy ability to inflict mischief and misery upon his fellow-man, instead of exerting that ability, however mean it may be, to their best interests and advantage. We now at length come to the poem (?) itself. We have already intimated that it is a doggrel affair, and a dirty affair too. Ecce signum !~ " If I'm allowed to (live until I'm thirty, I don't think death was 1 either grieve or hurt me. Too many twilight pairs coo in this valley is I've christened it, for mischief's sake, Love Alley. 2 don't approve their taste they are at fault. Last night a thousand oats equalled from a vault. And dogs the whole night boy's unto the moon, And ghosts embraced each other in a swoon. . Now don't, my pleasant reader, growl a day. You don't know what a clever dog I am ; But if you've, paid for its give me your best hand, And far away to Texas, and be did. . Query What valley? or what alley Printer's Devil. t Query again Paid for what ? " It." (hit t) Now if any probationer in any gang in the colony, iron or otherwise, will so intelli- gible interpret this passage as that her Majesty' lieges may comprehend it, we verily believe he will deserve his immediate emancipation. Why even our Printer's Devil is completely at fault, notwithstanding the introduction of so many ways and dads into this splendid effusion. One thing, however, we have discovered, that the "poet's a young man, under "thirty" at all events, and according to his own ipse dixit, a very " clever dog." ' We will take him then at his word, and deal with him accordingly. a But we must pause, we must be vary. Our puerile scribbler threatens soon; awful denunciations against the Press, if that Press dares (dares indeed 1) to interfere with his abominable vocation. By some most unaccountable assumption of superlative arrogance, the anonymous writer of this " Satirical Poem " throws out the following fulminating threat. It is truly laughable, and most supremely ridiculous ; but our readers shall judge for themselves : " Degraded Press 1 friend only to your foes, Loyal, you turn the way the Sovereign goes. If ever you dare praise a verse of mine, I'll try you by a jury of the nine. (Ill) And seek from them 'against you to gain redress, True boa constrictors of a lying Press I" Praise " his verses" indeed. How can we ? How, by any mortal or critical possibility could we " praise" such immeasurable twaddle ? " Clever dog" though he be, and be he who he may, we must think the satirical poet is as very an ass as Dogberry in the Play. " Write me down an ass," says Dogberry, " be sure you write me down an ass ;" and in conformity with this adjuration do we write down the writer of this precious rubbish an ass of the longest ears. And here we quit him here we take our leave of a writer whose bad passions have been excited, for what? To satirised the wrong doer ? To " show up we use a term which must harmonise with the slang propensities of the " clever dog those whose conduct and character are open to sharp censure and animadversion ? Not so ; but to throw a firebrand into the domestic circle of many-to quench the cheerful blaze of the family fireside of many more. This is the object of the " clever dog" this the utmost ambition of his loving heart. And what is to be said of his publisher ? Why, the less the better ; but this may be safely said, that any person who could con- give at the propagation of such unmitigated mischief, ought, like the writer, to be shunned by every right- minded member of society. 