SCOESSION FROM THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK. Ft om the New York Observer , Dec. 19, 1846.) N otice was given in several of the city papers last week to the effect that a number of German Catholics had determined to secede from the Church of Rome, and would make a declaration of their principles upon Sabbath afternoon in the Broadway Tabernacle, which had been kindly tendered to them for the occasion. This adver tisement diew together an immense concourse of people long before the appointed hour, and the whole scene was one of almost unparalleled in terest and excitement. It appears that the Rev. Dr. Ginstinani, formerly a Franciscan friar, who has been of late in the employment of the Ame rican Protestant Society, had succeeded in col lecting together a number of German Catholics to hea- the "Word of God expounded in their own language ; and that by ineaas of his instructions some forty or fifty of both sexes had been led to renounce the superstitions and the false doctrines of Rome, and to form a Christian congregation after the primitive order upon the basis of the FTnlv Sr.rinfnrps It was HppttipH avnerliprif In give pu' licity to the movement, that others, who have watched its progress from the beginning, might be emboldened lo unite with it Upward of 150 have at various times attended upon the ministrations of the Reformed priest; Several of them have encountered petty persecutions in so doing, but these have only hastened their final secession from the Roman hierarchy. The sym pathies of the vast audience were thrown around upon Sabbath afleruoon, and we doubt not that Christian hearts will encircle them as a wall of fire. The reformation is entirely their own i no Protestant agency having been concerned in it beyood the mere supporting of Giustiniani as a general missionary. It is a German move ment and a Catholic movement. After a fervent piayer in German and the singing ol a hymn in the same language two young men came forward, and in behalf of his little flock presented the pastor with a Bible as the symbol of their faith, lo which be pledged himself to adhere. The simple ceremony was deeply affec ing, Dr. G. then addressed the Edglish audience from John viii. 36. 4 If the Son, therefore, make you free, you shall be freeindeed.' He preached a brief and excellent discourse in an eloquent and impressive manner. He said that it was three months since they first assembled for pub lic worship, during which lime they had met with many difficulties and many hardships. The Romish press came out against them, calling the preacher a vagabond, a perjurer, and an Ameri can Rouge, Anonymous letters were sent to him. and satirical placards posted on the door of their places of meeting. You, said the preacher were displeased and excited, but I preached lav© to your enemies. Tbey warned the German population not to cotne aud hear me, for they said I was a German vagrant, and only wished to swindle your money. I appeal to you to know if ever 1 did or said anything that would imply such a wish. Did any one come to me far advice and go away without it ? Did the poor ever ap« peal to me in vain ? He then went on to sav thai he feared nothing in America. He spoke of the religious freedom enjoyed by all here, but he was ready, if necessary, to die for the truth and the gospel. He then urged upon hi3 flock the value of the Bible. Prize it — press it to your hearts- read it in your families— it is the most precious- treasure you have —it is the truth, and the truth shall make you free. He drew a contrast between, the power of a government which rules the heart applying it to the ascendancy which Rome was gaining over the minds of people in our eountry. He alluded to the commencement of what is or dinarily termed the Ronge reformation, by eighteen persons meeting in a town in Germany and studying the Bible. This was only two years ago. Now there is not a kingdom, duchy, or town iu Germany without a Reformed Church- He insisted that this was not a sesession from the Catholic Apostolic Church, but from Rome We believe, said hp, in the Triune God ; the Father whoso loved the world that he gave his only son for it ; in the divinity of Jesus Christ who came to redeem us ; in the divine power of the Holy Ghost ; in the regenerating influence of the Holy Spirit, and in salvation, not by our own works, but through faith in Jesus Christ. We are acliug up to the spirit of the nineteenth cen- tury, which is concentrated in the question, 44 Shall every man have the Bible ?' We have given only a few of the important points in the discourse which indicate the opi nions of the pastor of the Church to be evangeli cally good. Dr. G. then exhorted his flock from the words of Joshua ; 44 Who is on the Lord's side ?" in a very evangelical strain, (in the Ger man tongue,) aud called upon them to rise and express their public aud formal assent to the de claration of principles which they have already adopted. A collection was then taken up to aid the new- congregation in erecting a house of worship, and the audience were dismissed with the benediction. In this movement what Christian will not indulge in the hope that he sees the dawning of a day that shall ere long break on the souls that are sitting in Romish darkness, a day that shall brighten from dawn to sunrise, and from sunrise to the full of the moon of God's glorious light ? The following is an embodiment of the Creed, Confession of Faith, form of government, &c.;, which this body hath adopted, It will be read with interest. After a preamble, setting forth the incompati bility of the doctrines and practice of the Church of Rome with the precepts and spirit of the gos pel, they say : — : Wa therefore declare ourselves free from the Pope and the hierarchy, from all Romish com pulsion in matters of faith, and the unchristian conduct connected therewith ; and we acknow ledge as the basis of christian faith only and alone, the Holy Scriptures, the understanding and the interpretation of which is freely given to reason penetrated and awakened by Christian contemplation. fWe shall give the declaration in our next nnmber.— -ED.S. 