8PAIV. For those of our readers to whom 'the details of 'the Spanish Royal marriage may be interesting we have made the following extracts : — The marriages were solemnised at Madrid on the niirht of the 10th October. The Queen and her sister were richly dressed in white. Don Fransfseo de Assis wore the rich uniform of a Field Marshal, which wag understood to have been a present to him from the Queen- Mother. He was deco rated with the insignia »f the Golden Fleece and the Grand Cross of the Legion cf Honour. The Dukes of Monipensierand d'Aumale were dressed in the uniform of French Generals, and they also wore the Collar of the Golden Fleece and the Grand Cross of the Lepion «-f Honour. The Queen and her sister were given in marriage hv their motner, and the same office was rendered by D»n Francisco -le Paula to his son. The Duke d'Aumale actpd as father to the Duke ot Montpensier. The officiating Prelate commenced his functions bv saying — 'Senora Dnnna Isabella II. of Bourbon, Ca tholic Queen of Spain, I demand of your Majesty, and of your Hiph ness, Serene Sir, Don Francisco de Assis Maria de Bourbon, Infante oi Spain, in ease you know of any impediments to this present marriage, and why it could not and ought not to be contracted — that is to say, if there exists between your Majesty and Highness impediments of consanguinity, affinity, or spiritual rela tionship, independently of those iopedimeats that have been di.«pen.-e I with by hh Holiness — if you have made vows of charity or religion — t»nd, finally, if there exists impediments of any o:her kind— that yon forthwith de clare them. The same I demand of all here present. For the second and third time I make the same demand, that you freely discover any impediment you are aware of.'* After some moments of silence, no one replying, the Prelate addressed the Queen thus — ' Senora Donna Is abella II. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, do you wish for your spouse and husband, as the Holy Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman Church directs, Don Francisco de Assis Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain.' The Queen kissed her mother's hand, and being again asked the same question by the Bishop replied ??? Yes, 1 wish.' ' v ' He then said, ' Does your Majesty give yourself as spouse and wife to his Serene Highness Don Francisco de Assis Maria de Bourbon ?' The Queen answered ' I do.'' ' Does jour Majesty receive and accept the said In fante Don Francisco de Assis Maria de Bourbon for your spouse and husband ?' ** Yes, 1 receive and accept.' The Bishop then addressed the Infante. ' Most Serene Sir, Don Francisco de A«sis Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain, does your Highness wish for spruse and lawful wile Her Majesty Isabella II. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, as the Holy Roman Caiholic ami Apostolic Church directs ?' The Prince answered, ' Yes, I wish.' 'Does your Highness give yourself?' &c.; ' Yes, I do.' ' Does your Highness receive and accept aB your spouse and lawful wife Don Isabella II. of Bourbon, Ca tholic Queen of Spain ?'' 'Yes, I do receive and accept.' Then joining the hands of the Queen and Infante, and taking his crczier. the Bishop repeated in a sluW and so lemn voice — ' And 1, on the part of Almighty God and of the happy Apostles, St. Peter and St. Paul, and of our Holy Mother Church, join in matrimony your Majestv Senora Donna Isabella II. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, and your Royal Highness Don Francisco de Assis Maria of Bourbon; and this sacrament of matrimony I confirm in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' He then sprinkled holy water on the heads of the Queen and Prince, and performed the same ceremony — its words only varying according to the different ranks of the parties — for tho Infante and the Duke de Mont :pensier. The .newly-married people retired to their apartments at eleven o'clock, Don Francisco taking an affectionate leave of 4tis father and sisters, who left for their resi dence in the Retiro. There were partial illuminations in Madrid, on the nuptial night, including the public buildings, Govern ment offices, and the houses of a number of grandees. The bouse of the French Ambassador was most brilli antly lighted up, but the illumination at the British hm nassy was said to be solely on account of its being Queen Victoria's birthday. The Madrid Gazette, of the 12th October, pub lishes a Royal decree, conferring on the Prince Don Francisco de Assis, Maria de Bourbon, the honorary title of ' King,' with the style of ' Ma jesty.'; By another decree, the son of the French Ambassador, Count Bresson (her Majesty's god son), is created a grandee of Spain, with the title of the Dake de Santa Isabel.' The illustrious young peer is ten months old. A brilliant Jevee was held on the 12th October at the Palace. All the civil, military, and ecclesi astical authorities, and the foreign ministers, and amongst them Mr Bulwer (who was not present at the marriage) were in attendance. At the ceremony of the velacion, the streets through which the procession passed were lined with troops from an early hour. The day was fine, the troops looked well, the hangings in the balconies of the line street of Alcada had a gay appearance ; as far as the people were concerned there were no signs of enthusiasm. One or two cries of ' Viva el Infanta Don Francisco !' and 'Viva la Reina !' were heard ; but all the efforts of the Queeu-mother and the French Princes to. attract notice, were unavailing. In the avenue leading to the Chapel of Atochasome well-dressed people raised their hats, and the Duke de Mont pensier seemed pleased with the opportunity of re turning the salute intended for the sister of the Queen. The Prince had given to several high function aries in his own name, and that of hi* Royal fa ther, many Grand Crosses of the Legion of Ho nour, and a number of richly ornamented snuff boxes to the ministers, and large sums of money to the charitable establishments of Madrid. The long-rumoured constitutional incapacity of the young Queen of Spain did not seem to want any confirmation, and no hopes of a direct heir to the Spanish Monarchy through the Queen, being encouraged by her Majesty's physicians ; the (in one sense) more hopeful marriage of the Queen's sister, and the prospect of tt French lineage, occa sioned the marked national repugnance to the match. A retired officer of the army, named Olavarietta, had been arrested on the charge of meditating the assassination of the Duke de Montpensier. He was arrested in the portico of the Royal Palace. Two pistols were found on him loaded with ball. In answer to questions asked him by the Minister of the Interior, he replied that he had one pistol to kill the Duke, and the other to kill himself. The press and thetheatreB in Madrid were under the closest restraint. A morning edition of the Clamor Publico had been seized, for having in serted three or four lines stating the reception of the French princes were cold. J21 Espebtador was condemned to pay a fine of 50,000 reals for an arti cle that was only in type, and FA Tiempo mentions that more than two hundred persons had been ar rested by orders from the Political Chief. It is said that the celebrated Narvaez has com pletely ruined himself in stock exchange gambling, and that he has not a sixpence in the world be sides the emoluments of his array rank and em bassy. All the Spanish refugees, Carlists as well as Progressists, were being removed from the fron tiers, in order to ue locked up in the gaols and fortresses in the interior; a measure which excited disgust in the minds of all liberal Frenchmen. Mr Richard Cobden arrived at Madrid on the 9th October. 