THE TURF IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Well! Our races have once mora come and gone. Books are squared. lhat gay throng has vanished, aad the course settled do vu imo its on n sombre melancholy. Tw o. new tvenis utcur in the Racing Chronicles of this yt ar, t-atU like y to excite increasing iuttresi its fu ure sea^oi s— the Grand Steep!« Chaae, and ihe establishment of a Second Hace Course. Af.er sue.h a lapte of time, it may be prudent to " let hye-gones be bje-gonea." 2teverthelt'S<, we canno. rsfraia from t»ff-riiig two or three passing remaiks upon the latter event. It certainly commenced under favorable auspices, for it was well supposed. The time of jear is in most respects well cho.-en, and we have been in ormed i y a Workman who has good judgment, that ths site of tue course and the qualify of the tu f are excellent, ff Adelaide is to be the Doncaster, Gawb-r Town is likely to become the Efsom pi South Australia. Heie most of tho young-uns will make their debut, mid many of the unknown form new acquaintances. Relative!}', therefore, these rac*s are likely to have very great influence on the sporting operations here, aad as such they will «at« rally be well attended. The distance from Adelaide and its neighborhood is easy ; aud with a little more accommodation, and not quite such heavy weights c apped on such Town may look forward to sport next j-ear. We venture to sugge Mould be more advant^euus to aU concerned to have these races fixed a litre rariitr in tlm season. As it is, it adds considerably to the cxperse and inconvenience of those panies vy><«; j^re doisiy so much to increase aud in;p,ove our ~pori:ng operations, compelling iheto, ?f ti ey wish to tun good nags at both places, to keep theaj in training altogether five months or more; win reas, if the races took place early iu August, there wou : d then be time to give a horse a rutr, if required, before it would be nectesary to handle h m for New- Year's-Day. Now for our own affair. What with heat and excitement the previous week, most of us were down to racing condition by the 31st December. The ball was opened by ihe Maiden Stakes, having four entries, Zaleika totning cm as a yearling. These stakes me aiwa\s interesting, showing us the performances of our own young blood. The yearling went away at score, and won easily, Eilipse second ; but Master Cannel had been taking a peep at the wrong side of the post, and Eclipse was ther«'foie deciared. For her age, the filly's pace wss very good, and she promises to be the best of the three chesnuts. Four horses came to the scratch for the Town Plate, including onr old friend Gift. This excellent little horse has proved himself a truu.p on all occasions, and, take him ail in all, it is doubtful! if his match is yet to be found in the colony. There could have been very littie question of the result of this race, but for the accident which oucurre l, although Billy would have made a desperate, and perhaps a successful tffort for the first heat, after which Gift's bottom must have told; at the same time, we do not think he peeled in quite such trim as he his douo hetote. The Produce Stakes, on the 1st, brought together again two old epponenis at Gawier Tom, Fidget and Albert \ on this orVision, how ever, the tables were turned, for Albert had not a ghost of a chance ; he «as evidently overcook d, and, at any rate, ma? m.ke his bow to Fidget. This colt has come out surprisiugiy well, both it; this race aud for the Int.kcepers' Purse on Saturday, where, also, he had it all hts own w«v. His condition and wind were v.ry good, "and do Gepp great credit. In both cases he carried a year's weight more thau he was entitled ,0, for S,e rau as a 5 instead of a 4-jr old. Appt»ra»ees are not iu his favor, but he is fast, ai.d (if well imrsed) will prove a rum customer to some of ihe Top Sawyers acxt season. Th- Ladka* Pur*e bronght together Gift, Bothtr-t-n, Mi,no, Sir Joshua, and Prizefighter. The mare made ali the running the first heat, and woa it, but it polished her off; had her pace (beiug a 3 yr o!d; been wdi nursed instead of giving her the work throughout the race, she would (to say the least of it) have had a better chai.ce. The Hurdle Race the most exciting of ail—followed next. The entry comprbed sis horses, but the great guns were three strangers from Van DiVmett's Land ; the others are well k; o«j», and their riders also. The start was excellent: and he>e we cannot legist digressing, »e ailude to a grn tieman to whom we are all under great «b/ ig Va;on. I Ihe manner in which the horses ha*e, on all j occasions, been brought to the post, aud the good and even starts which have been made by the Honorary Secretary, sufficiently testify his qualifications. But beyond that, he has from time to tnne, kindly volunteered most onerous, and oftea vexatious duties, in which he has ever exerted himself to give general satisfaction—by the way, no easy matter on a race course. The details of this splendid race have been already fully pub- Iished, but we beg to subscribe our bumble mite of admiration at the manner in which it was ridmay 1 u *** be * len b y horseflesh from luauv places, bill, with a iiule more practice, we sUll cot be afraid of riders from anywhere in this j auartor nf , J M | wona. strangers party, game to 1 the backbone, and still not satisfied of the supp. rior qualities of Highflyer, soon challenged him for another match, which nas at once accepted. This race ca£toe off on the third day. and only *ho.»e who looked on could i'orni an idea of io beautiful a match. It was contested and won foot by foot—Inch by inch.. '1 he jumping was excellent, and the riding above pra'se. It has fallen !o our lot to witness many affairs of this sort, but we tieveraaw anything more magnifiesMtJy done, and, as a match* it will be but rarely equalled in Australia, it is difficult, even now, to » . • I l /» I Ut out u,e ^ , of these two capital nagb; heir thief merits serin to be quite of an opposite nature. What Highflyer has the other has not, and what Sit anger has Highflyer tacks. It is a nice point to decide; nor Mould a match between them be a very safe event to back ei:her « ay. As it is, tlie palm sterna to rest with Highflyer's style of jumping. Intending to take aoo'her pet-p into these matters at some futuie day, we wij| not now trespass longer au tha time of those who read the Vazelie* 