PARRAMATTA RACES. EASTER MONDAY, APRIL 5TH, 1847, STEWARDS-Messrs. J. Walford, J. M'Kay, and W. Fullager. THE morning was most inauspicious, and fears were entertained that the incessant showers which up to mid-day drenched all who were determined to brave " wind and weather," would result in settled rain, and certainly damp if not alto- gether drown the sports. The course at an early hour presented a lively appearance, and the rival attractions of the dif- ferent booths soon began to be tested by the anti-tea- totallers, many of whom were to be seen in that delightful state when the optics assuming a multiplying power, of course, impart double enjoyment to their owners. A fair share of equestrians exhibited their holi- day hacks and suits, while not a few of the fairer sex smiled approval upon their mystic evolutions. Mr. Hugh Taylor's carriage and four was the " magnet" of the day, and its beau- tiful and graceful inmates scattered smiles, and occasionally cake, amongst the many admirers who crowded around to do them homage. The first bell being rang for saddling, the course was quickly cleared, and thc following horses drew up at thc starting post for the FIRST RACE. For a purse containing 15 sovereigns ; heats twice round the course ; carrying 10 stone, for all hackneys which have never won a £20 prize-matcA» excepted. Entrance, 15s. Mr. H. Watsford's.ch g Tomahawk .... 0 0 Mr. H. Taylor's bk g St. John, having been drawn, thé others got away at a decent pace, Toby hard held, having it all bis own way, and winning both heats os a matter of " course." Between'the heats pf this race a Private Match was decided between Mr. Hill's bay pony, and Mr. Hayes's, Brewer, catch weights, heats once round. The " maltster" hopped away, as though he meant winning, and evidently thinking " no Mr. J. Pye's b g Toby. Mr. Reid's g g Thantom. Mr..Berry's ch g Forester Lad Mr. Ryan's br g Be Easy 1 1 2 2 0 0 0 0 small beer of himself." which opinion the event proved he was fully entitled to entertain, as he passed the winning post each heat in a canter ; his antagonist, despite whip and spur, being no where.' SECOND BA CE. For a purse containing IO sovereigns-; heats once round and a distance ; carrying 9 stone, for all hackneys which have never won a £10 prize-matches excepted. Thc winner bf the first.race will not be allowed to start in this. Entrance, 10s. Mr. C. Davis's g g Gohanna . 1 I Mr. Taylor's bk g Scratch. 2 2 The following horses entered but were subse- quently drawn :-Mr. J. Pye's Toby ; Mr. Ful- ler's Spanker ; and Mr. H. Watsford's Toma- hawk. Thebetting at starting was G to -1 on Scrateh) who is a showy, well made horse and looked much more like a winner than the gray, whose supe- rior bottom however gained him an- easy victory -taking the lead at a rattling pace, and keeping it throughout. THIRD RACE. Maiden Stakes of 10 sovereigns ; heats once round, catch weights ; for all hackneys which have never won a prize. Any horse running in the two previous races will not be allowed to start in this. Entrance, 10s. Mr. Fitzsimmon's br g Paddy Whack .. .1 .1 Mr. Harpur's br g Brewer. 2 0 Mr Garvey's b g White Stockings. 0 2 The following started but were not placed : Mr. J. Pye's Dick.; Mr. H. Taylor's Flirt ; Mr. C. Davis's Whisker ; Mr. Hyland's, Fanny Flirt; Mr. S. Hill's Prince.; and Mr. J. Barnes's Tom Stow. This was, literary speaking, no race. Paddy doing just as he pleased, playing with the " Maltster" in the first heat, and throwing back the mud upon Clean Stockings in the second. The rest were scattered over the field like wild deer. tPOUTÙ RACE. Handicap Stakes-a Purse ;-for all horses beaten at this Meeting, to be handicapped by thc Stewards or whom they may appoint ; once round the course. Eleven horses made their appearance for the final contest, and were handicapped as under : Mr. Watsford's Tomahawk, 10 st. 1 \- Ryan's Be-easy, 8 st. 10 lb. 2 \- Reid's Phantom,9 st. 3 \- Berry's Forrester-lad, 8 st. 0 \- Taylor's Scratch, 9 st. 0 \- Pye's Dick, S st. 0 \- Davis' Whisker, 8 st. 10 lb. 0 \- Hyland's Fanny Flirt, 8 st. 10 lb_ 0 \- Hill's Prince. 7 st, 7 lb..... 0 \- Harper's Brewer, 7 st. 10 lb.,. 0 AU sizes, ages, colors, and breeds, here com- peted for tho prize ; but Tomahawk soon cut his way through the ranks, sharpening his pace the while, Be-easy doing his best, and evidently ill at-case respecting thc issue, while Phantom had not-a ghost of a chance. The rest were " done brown" from the first and at the conclusion were sprinkled about the ground like currants in a pudding. Tomahawk showed them tho way home in dashing style ; and with a little more judicious training and jockeyship would, we think, have cut a better figure in thu two first -racss. i,:Thus terminated thc day's sports, which, al- though they cannot be said to have exhibited " close running," gave every satisfaction to the Turfites, under thc excellent management of tile Stewards. Thc sun deigned to peep at the en- livening scene about two o'clock, and 'a fine afternoon contributed to thc^arausemcnts. The course was in good order notwithstanding the previous rain ; and under ¡ifii^H. Watsford's surveillance no accident of,-anymote occurred, if we except the running away of a horse and cart, and a harmless spill or ; two /rom tho moro aristocratic gig. We were nearly forgetting to mention that thc course was attended by one of the Sydney crafty embryo attorneys, who en- deavoured to impose upon thc weakness of thc Parramattoniaus, by showing off before them, and trying to make a match for a horse, which he very coolly called a Hack, but which we in our anxiety to identify thc animal, perceived to boar tile enviable C S brand, which was quite sufficient. In fact, he was the identical '* Mur- phy" who won the Ladies' Purse a short time since at Petersham. It is very well for those who have good horses to make the most of them, but a person who attempts to take undue advan- tage, by placing them amongst common Hack horses jgleserves in his cunning to be taken in himself? Pressure of Sporting matter ren- ders our ¿lotice of thc above doings more brief than we intended; and now having nibbled thc last of thc choice morceau in the shape of rich plum cake i gracefully presented to us by one of the^.* fairest , of the fair," we shall con- clude by Swishing, success and prosperity to our Parramatta neighbours. 