LITERARY GAZETTE. Impressions Observations of a Young Person, during a residence in Paris. Third edition. Paris : Gallietiam. This small volume is full oT detached -sentences, or short paragraphs, ex tracted from the diary of a girl ol sixteen ; stlio, though of English parentage, passed her earliest years in Paris and different parta of Frioce ; and was, till past childhood, a stranger to tier own country. With England, when she did see it, she was charmed. Her impressions and observations in dicate, however, that she is cot insen sible to those points, especially in the economy or philosophy of daily life, in which the French excel the English, A few of the paragraphs will give a clear idea of the work, shout which there is nolhingjuvenlle ssve the yeara and fresh miodedoess of the writer. Ffwt. — Until I visited England, I had never seen Church pews. Their esclusivenesa, and the variety of the colours with which they are lined, has a strange effect after foreign churches, where every person, in whatever sta tion of life, entera and takes a chair indiscriminately ; the rich and the poor, the high and the low, are all considered equal before our heareuly Father. Fetes — The French are so fond of fetes, that (huha'p one for the dead, Jtte dei morlf sod even one for the Deily, Jele Dieu. Dbebs— At ihealres and other pub lic places in France, except at the Italian Opera, which is generally res sorted to, previously to balls and other reunions, young ladies are sel dom seen decolelees ; the exposure of he neck and shoulders is not con sidered good ta»le ; when the dress iB low. the neck is usually covered by a scarf or collar. Children, too, are generally warmer clad here than in Bngland ; the French attributing the canae and prevalence of consumptive complaints to the want of sufficient clothing in childhood. French -ladies, although plainly dressed, have ao much good taste, that their apparel is always elegant and sits well. English Marchandes de modes and Couturieres are apt to overload with ornaments, or, as the French so well express it, chargent j they will not understand that a really . velL made dress, Tather loses than gains by their favorite trimmings, and with them there is no end to llie feathers, Cowers, and ribbons. The French, on the contrary, seek to combine the greatest elegance with the greatest possible simplicity ; every thing must he rich and good, but never overloaded. : VlLiioBi.— ' Oft in those pleasant villages of France' reads very prettily in poetry, but I have never had the good fortune to see one, there are no pretty cottages overrun with wild flowers, no village green with its pond, its ducks, and chubby little children, so prettily described by Miss Mitford | no bowling green road run ning through it ; the whole lias nn air Of »n alaise: A Hint. — Many parasola and purses are forgotten in public car riages ; this has probably given rise to a very gopd practice adopted in Paria for their BAtoratiao. The coachman, on your entering, gives you a card, with the number of his carriage thus enabling you to reclaim any forgotten articles at the office where the coach is known. The windows of English houses have one advtntage over those in France;, they can be opened without diatmbing anything placed before them, and without risk of tearing the curtains. The quantity of air re quired can be admitted into the room whilst at lexrt half the French windows most be opened for this purpose. The French window hai. however, an appchraoce of greater freedom in summer, which is the reason probably for ita hBing adopted in English coun try houses, and at watering places, AatW form a very numerous and distinct clan in Peris ; ihry wear a peculiar drsss en Raphael, and affect a sort of contempt for the more useful batastbey coniidfcr, less refined pur- ajiTii of commerce. Design A- The French excel in hsAdkpma petlerns ; however ooaise the Material, iba desiin ia aura to ba bold and striking. There appear no profaaiion In England answering to the dessiifateur who traces patterns ; a French lady in London wishing to em broider a handkerchief, asked me to take her to a dess/nateur, but, upon enquiry, I wa.s unable to find one. 7JjB want' df fountains io London appsar strange) the Freooh are very fond of them ; Paris abounds in them ; and (he I lace de la Concorde owes its chief beauty to them. They give the capital an air of coolness »nd gaiety, particularly in summer. The French excel in out-door ornaments. Foos. — A Parisian fog ia vapoury, and looks like the ghost of a London one ; it dnes not give the Bame melan choly sppfearance to ihe town. Dew. — One of the delights of the country in England is the refreshing dew. English persons are generally quite afraid of walking at night in con sequence of the dampness ; to noe it is delightful. The climate of France is to dry that dew is nearly unknown. The evenings of summer are not re lieved by any damp, and oro often more oppressive titan during the day. 'Do the effect of dew may probably be attributed the fraichcur , as the French call It, of the English com plexion, that beautiful uuion of red and white, bo much more pleasing than (he dead white admired in the Parisian cheek. A French lady, Madame deG , Princess de 11— has been heard to say, that whenever there was a brouillard, the either walked in the open air, or put Iter head out of the window, in the hope of catching tome English fraichcur. A atranger in London is struck wilh the number of provision shup. In Paris those for ornament and dress are moat numerous ; the public mar kets may partly ace ount for this ; for the sight is not bete so frequently of fended by raw meat hung out tor sale at the butrhei's shops, Io the bouti guei du charcuteria it is reflecled by handsome mirrors ; the shops ore ge nerally ornamented with flowers, sod at one season of the year the char catena 1b drened oui like twelllh cakes. Suofkexpeub. — The English shop- keepeer looks in an unfavourable light ufler Ihe French; their civility amounts to servility ;they thank you so much for nothing, and offer ao many thingB that you do, not want, that to entor a slinp in London becomrs disagreeable, Nuaaf.malds, — It haa often aur>' prised me never to have seen noticed by an older observer, or ao abler pea, the vbbI difference between tbe French end English nurserymaids, and bonnes ifenfans : In England it is not no- common to see young children left to the care of girls from fifteen to seven teen years of age ; the most thought less age In liTe ; to whom, to trust one's properly would be considered al most madneii ; whilst the most pre cious of all treasures, yoUDg children, are freely confided to them ; indeed it would seem that girls disqualified by youth and inexperience for any other seriice are beat 6uited for this. A woman who would not dare to effar you her daughter as a cook, house, or laundry maid, will freely do so for a place in tho nursery. Io France there is nu sight more agreeable than the respectable matronly looking bonnes d'enfans, who ere seen in the costume of their province, attending their young charges either in the Tuileries Garden, st Paris, or in the shade of the prot mtnade publique which generally sur round every French country town, In quitting France 1 should miss three things, shoes, stays, and choco late bonbons. Inns — French inns, although leBs clean and comfortable, appear to me to have this superiority over IboBe in England ; in France, the rooms are generally en suite, to that one is mora at home ; in England, with a sitting room on one floor, bed roomB are fre quently given on another; and besides the annoyance ot being continually on the dtaircase or in the corridor, miitmkes might arise, unless the exact numbers and position uf tbe rooms are recollected. I have seldom met with the same good bed at an English inn which is always found in the most indifferent hotel in France. DBvaTtoN.— Many a servant or peasant, in going to msrket, many an artisan in going to his dally work, enters a churoh, and remains there in come corner (unobserved ; this must arise from piety of the heart ; nobody perhaps thinks better of them for doing it, oorwould think worse of them if they did not. The cold atone re- places the cushioned prie-dieu among the yisor, nor appeara too hard to those who enter the church to pray unobserved. Enough of thli -clever little book, which we introduce both bb a com panion to ladies going to Franoe, and also for the indirect lessons which it conveys on l'ie Kre,t art ol " How to Observe," and those in tbe colony, who hsve never been abroad, and do not mean to leave their own country, imay receive sume instruction and amusement from the above extraolt. 