LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. THE THEATRE. IVero we of fell, ferocious, temperament, tor mented with a mortal (be on whose detested head we desired to empty the vials of remorse less vengeance, wo think, the very Genius of Mate could inspire us with no wish more savagely vindictive than to have him installed Managor of a Colonial Theatre- where his troubles would be tortures — and his trials and perplexities of Hydra-headed infinitude. If, in the wealthy,' well-organised playhouses of Europe, whero plays, pluyers, musicians, painters, decorators, and all the other manifold auxiliaries are ' plentiful as blackberries.' If, we say, in establishments where the appliances are at in stant command, — the lifo of the manager is something like that which a Salamander's is fabled to be— -what must bo the enviable lot of the Antipodean Director, who, with all these essentials to import has, from out a few lots, manufactured 'for exportation,' to cut and contrive with an ingenuity of invention ever on the rack, how ho may cater for the pleasure of patrons who reck not of the aggravating pains and penalties of their self- immolating purveyor ! \Vo have heard of Ixion and his wheel ? of Griselda and her patience — of .Tantalus and his lake— of Sisyphus and his stone ;.but the re creations of these ancient worthies we hold to be but gentlemanly pastime compared to that of tbankloss manager of- an antipodean theatre. Natural and unnatural! oausos have combined ?to put our own excellent and indefatigable manager to many shifts— new levies are not to be had, whilst, but the other night, one of the old, unmindful of Cassio's objurgation, ' put an enemy in his mouth' to dishonour himself, dis appoint his employers, and disgust the public 1 hanks, however, to the energetic ability of two ? or three gifted artistes (certainly intended for home consumption, but carelessly packed amidst the exportation lumber already hinted at) ? and the intrinsic merits of the performances, the crowded audiences of the past week have quitted the Theatre highly gratified with their sovoral bills.of fare, as well as the manner in which that fare has been set before them. wn Monday last a three a.H drama, of Waverloy creation, taken from and called Mont rose, was produced, and although its first 1 representation was little better than a dressed rehearsal, still, so appropriately were the charac ters distributed, and so effective was the raise en scene, that its repetition on Saturdny fully con . firmed tbo favourable opinion wo primarily -entertained. All the performers did their duty. Mr. Nosbitt's Allan M*Aulay was an imporsona ? tlon of truthfulness and power — his fine, manly form, graceful attitudes, and deep, sonorous, -voice, combined with a dear enunciation am frequently imp.issioned delivery, stamping him ? an actor as deserving as he is popular. Not a whit less effective was the Ranald of Mr. Grif ' fiths ; but first fiddle of the piece ranked the JOalgetty of Mr. F. Howson, whose merits, whe -ther as actor or musician, are so pro- eminent and so versatilo that we fear to indulge tho ? eulogistic commentaries eager to flow from our approving pen, lest disingenuous misconstruction should seek to prevent our genuine, unbiassed, -commendations. Wo have not forgotten that malignant persecution strove,' when first he came amongst us, to writo this admirable performer ;down, and now that' his own inoontestiblo deserts have commanded the universal favour of the au dience, we would not have our meed of honest applause tortured into a desire to write him up, ?especially as 'good wine needs no bush.' In the race of emulation, * which seems to prompt tho present company of the Victoria, Mrs. GuerVn keeps fair and fitting place Her impersona tions are characters, and her characters (in cos tntne) aro portraits. . Tne Speotbe Bridegroom, amidst the roars of the audience, walked twice during the week. It is an old and excellent farce, admirably enacted.. Spencer is as grave and as sententious as the most- learned historian of vampires could desire, and his Nicodemus is all the author him self could expect. As for Fenton and Griffiths, it was a hard strugglo which should surpass the other, whilst Mr. F. Howson's Paul with his ' two and ten pence ' worth of gag was irresist .nliln. - - on Thursday, with Mrs. Ximones as its pretty ?'heroine, Mai. v in a was re- produced. It is a porgoousbuta ponderous speotacle, and despite the best efforts of Messrs. Nosbitt, Howson, ? Griffiths, Mesdames Guerin, Ximones, Torning, &o; , never destined to be a favourite. In action ? it is immeasurably inferior to its pantomimic ? prototype Oso⁢ and Malvina. As an Opera, \- (as hero presented) it is 'a thing of snreda and patches.' As a Drama, its dialogue is un \- equal, now turgid, now trite, — now, in its heroics, .-straining with all the inflated imagery of Ossi -unio metaphor, anon, in its comics, descending to the dullest colloquials of inferior Melo- Drama. As a mere vehiclo for sconio and decorative display it is porhaps one of tho most brilliant efforts of tho season, and in that respect may attract one or two sight-loving audiences. Whilst speaking of tho soenio department wo cannot 'refrain from commending the groat and continued improvement now so constantly dis cerniblo An that - all important auxiliary. Old and worn out stagors ttre giving place to new ami ' picturesque designs,' which reflect as much ?credit- on tho Managor who conooives as tho artist who paints them. We would particularly instance a landscape with a oastlo on the banks of a wooded river — a grand Baronial old Oak if all, and a Theatrical cave of Fingai, which Albeit not exactly the matohless natural wonder of' Staffa grey' is nevertheless a picture merit ing honorable and praiseworthy mention. In tho Cathedral-like aisle of tho actual cave, there ?is *no bridge such as that over whioh the per formers in Mai.vina. cross. Reader, beware 1 We have bestrode -our Itobby, and at tho risk of taxing -thy patienoo wo will indulge thee with -the faint description of an islo to whioh wo wended our long, devious, and idolatrous steps, l-ut to whoso enchantments nor pen nor pencil .can impart adequate justice. ? Our first arduous effort to reach this 'isle of beauty' — though wo bad posted from Erin's cxtroraest south to Scotia's remotost west, — was a fruitless one. We embarked at Greonock, gained Oban, traversed tho sound of Mull, and .pushed on to Tobermory, but alas, tho advanc ing season, the reraorsefes gales, and tho index ible but courteous skipper, Turner, of the Helen , M'Oregor steamer donied - our longing eyes a eight they had hurried some twelve hundred milos to. indulge in. It was Ootobor, and it was the steamer's last trip for the soason. The day passed — night sot in dark and dreary— -tho gale enureased — our hopes died within us. Unless we reaOlved to winter in Morvon, thoro waa nothing for it but to roturn, so as we could not then bo blest with a sight of Staffa Itself, wo e'en took our passage in the Staffa steam boat, de laying a delight we determined never to deollne. Three blissful years flow o'or us, when, one \- lovely morning, at 7 a. ra., July 25th, 1840, we juinpod into a cab, hurried to Euston Square, railwayed it to Liverpool, steamed to Glasgow, ? and thonoe through Loch Lomond — Loch Long, tho flowing Clyde, tho lovely Kyles of Bute— to our utnwhiloplcasant abode the charming little town of Oban. Hero, tho stoamor JJrenda being to start for Staffa and lona at dawn, we betook us to an early bod, adjuring hor most obliging eomrnamlor, M'Killop, not to sutler us to oversloop ourselves, a roquoBt ho promptly 'oonocdod, assuring us that unlnss wo could re ?jioao with a Highland pibroch thundering in our oars thcro was no danger of our being loft bohlnd. What a night of rcstloss nnxioty was that! We slept not throughout Us snnll- paoo'd hours. In horror wo listoned to tho thluk and threefold ? ruin, whoso heavy drops foil, sullonly and sorrowfully on our desponding heart. At length a feeble, flickering, grey struggled into our chamber ;' we ' sprang from our exhausted couch; shaved, washed, and dressed with railroad speed, and — Happiness! — the rain had ceased, the sky shone out a glorious blue. The scream ing of the' Wur-pipe sounded in our ravished ears like ' the melody that's sweetly played in tuno.' Wo bounded down tho quay — were all but alongside the ltrenda— when— Harbinger of evil — we encountered a fellow passenger with visage such as his who 'drew Priam's curtain in the dead of night' and told us the Brenda had burst a boiler I A convulsive start, a sickening smile, and inarticulate groan was our sole reply; Staffa to us, like Kippletringan to Mannering, appeared to bo the less accessible the nearer we approximated its enchanted shores, and we were pondering how wo might Christianly resign ourselves to fate when Captain M'Killo kindly whispered 'Bo of good cheer, all will be right again by Monday!' Consolatory, how ever, ns such a fact, this was but Saturday morri at five, and how to kill the intervening time, became the question: ;' Take a boat up Lochs Linnke and Leven'. prompted one of Oban's venerable charons,' and then you can fetch a cruise through Glencoe. We turned to look at the disinterested counsellor, but became fascin ated by a pair of the brightest black eyes, peering from under one of the smartest drawn silk bonnets imaginable. , In escaping their fire, wo 'were put hors de combat by the melting beams of two lustrous, orbs of celestial azure. These were the glorious head lights of two sweet, young, English brides, who, with their happy mates, were on tho' nuptial tour. Charon's proposition was no less palatable to them than to ourselves, and two wild Edinburgh writers making the most of the holidays. ? An ac quaintance was formed on the instant, and nover did a more merry septetto rattle up Loch Linnhe, or roam the hills of Morven than the disappointed explorers of Staffa. Monday, the 3rd August, at length arrived, and amidst a torrent of rain, a dense fog, and a tumbling sea, away went the lively Brenda, catching occasional glimpses of the coast, until the atmosphere became so charged with vapour that she was compelled to lie to. Fortunately this was not of interminable duration. The sun broko through and dispelled the. mist and we entered the sound of lona with tolerably clear weather. The island of itself possesses little interest; but historical, poetical, and eccle siastical associations combine to render it a spot of enthusiastical attraction. -Landing in a diminutive oove, with snowy sands of dazzling brightness, we wero speedily surrounded by a batch of half naked children offering shells and pebbles for sale. The population, some GOO, were in a state of the most abject poverty, scanty supplies of potatoes. and fish forming their almost only sustenance. : Since the glow ing description given by Legh Richmond the islanders have had the benefit of a library and a school, Gaelic and English being alike taught. Through the transient intercourse of passing tourists they have acquired a hankering after money, without the means of participating its advantages or compassing its acquisition; in fact, their primitive simplicity is sadly departed. Take as instance an enquiry made of a flaxen headed urchin, with' a genuine O'Connollito love of English gold, but thorough contempt of tho Saxon and ignorance of his tongue, 'What's your name?' 'Twopence,' and an extended palm was the ready rejoinder. Passing by tho church,—' Who preaches here ?' wo once more demanded. ' Twopence,' : and the 'itching palm' again saluted us. »? u wuaii uui-, uuwurer, linger, as we men delightedly did, among the wreck of sacred fanes, tho homes of early learning, or in vain attempts to decypher the monuments of the illustrious dead, with ? whose mementos Iona's grave yards are closely paved. 'Staffa is our aim, and tho objeot of many an enthusiastic day dream is rising to our view. The Brenda spod on— a boat was there to moot her— an oager rush ensued, and - in a few moments our im patient voyagers kissed tho hallowed strand. We had been assured and re-assured that dis appointment awaited us. We had been endeavoured (by tho soulless and the senseless) to be persuaded into a belief that this all glorious— this sublime creation of Nature was but a book marvel, an overrated and exagge rated painting of half-cracked author's brain. How transporting, then, our deception to find our most sanguine preconceptions immeasurably short oftho magnificent the wondrous reality. We gazed in entranced enthusiasm upon the glorious miracle, its lovely and diversified masses of basalt, grouped with a regular irregularity, and pilod in somo of the most striking forms of Nature's chastest arohitectcre. The entrance to Fingal's cave is not quite so grand nor so imposing as ima gination had painted it. Time and tho atmosphere have discoloured its stony brow decorating it with a florcscent hue of many coloured green ; but, pass the threshold, and tho grand cathedral like character of this surpassing grotto im presses the beholder with delight and awe. Countless columns, perfect and -Imperfect, of a greyish green spring to support the lordly, fretted, ceiling, whilst tho rugged floor is dis posed in numberless broken layer?, o'er whoso slippery face the adventurous rush, where the mure mum tsuruiuuiu, lor a sup, peronance, might brain or plunge one headlong into the natural oanal into which the Atlantic hurls her foaming billows with roars that drown the thunder, else insinuates her pellucid tide in lake like tranquillity veiling not shrouding the bright and pinky bed it lavos. We entered this master piece of Naturo at the heels of tho ' Brenda's' piper, whoso ' Campbell's are coming' had scarcely diod upon tho ear, ere we roused its eohoes with a prolonged Coot's sufficient to have startled tho ghost of Old Fingal, whose cave is not tho only ono which perforates the shores of this romantio and rock bound islo, tho Clam Shell and one or two others claiming inspection. Aftor ascending to tho summit of the island which depastures a few sheep and cattle, wo — — But, gracious Heavens, what is this ? we imagined wo had been inditing a Theatrical Notioe, Dut instead we havo perpetrated a leaf of a guide book. Courtoous and considorato public censuro us not. On tho manager and scone paiuter of tho Viotoria let your displeasure fall, since their pictorial has olicitod this veritable illustration of Staffa's cave. 