Local Intelligence. THE MAYOR'S FANCY BALL. THIS grand event, as Councillor Jenkins calls it went off on Wednesday evening last, much to the satisfaction of the worthy members of the body corporate, their progeny, and proteges, and of the assembled guests. The Pit of the Theatre had been boarded to a level with the stage ; and though this extensive area was ca- pable of affording accommodation to hundreds, the stream of costumed candidates for admission was rapid and unimpeded until eleven o'clock, at which hour "elbow room" was at a discount. The arrangements made by that zealous func- tionary, the Commissioner of Police, for the preservation of order, though efficient in keeping the carriage road unobstructed, were wanting in yielding protection to the curious pedestrians who had assembled to witness the vehicles dis- gorging their puppets. A large body of the military, under the com- mand of a real hocifer, were in attendance, and their soldier-like dmeanour elicited a regular cannonade of applause from the spectators. The "mounted peelers" too, with spurs as long as the tail of an ordinarily sized comet, were "all there" as Andrew Badgery would say, and by way of divar- sion contributed in no small degree to the amusements of the evening. One of these noble fellows being an enthusiastic admirer of field sports, determined to have a chase at any price, and having singled out Sergeant-Major Pheney from the troop, a pretty bit of running took place, Pheney galloping for his life from the in- toxicated Nimrod, who, with drawn sword, pur- sued him with a will until he was overpowered and handcuffed. This little bit of untimely re- creation will doubtless result in unpleasant con- sequences to the delinquent, who was yesterday brought before the Commandant for examination, the result of which has not transpired. With this brief preface we will, for further particulars, refer our readers to the following Poem, from the pen of our talented reporter, FUZ-BOZ, which will be found to comprise every little incident of interest connected with this glorious "blow-out." SNIPPO, IN IMITATION OF BYRON'S "BEPPO," WRITTEN On the occasion of the Mayor's Fancy Ball. "And there were songs and quavers, roaring, humming, Guitars, and every other sort of strumming." BEPPO. "There was a sound of revelry" at Knight's Victoria Theatre, and the shifted scenes, Gave place to living portraitures of wights Bedaubed in colors—scarlets, blues, and greens— Who tripp'd it blithely 'neath the glaring lights As Peers and Peeresses, and Kings and Queens, And Greeks and Romans of the antique school, Playing, and looking to the life—the FOOL ! All sects—at least from every sect a sample— Amidst this motley throng were strangely jumbled— The Jew upon thc Gentile's toe did trample, Nor loud but deep the curse the suff'rer mumbled ; Divines of different creeds, too, set example To "dancing dames," and o'er each other tumbled, Whilst through the graceful mazes of the "Lancers" They looked much less like Priests than Opera- dancers : And forms angelic, such as pleasing dreams Will oft-times picture—cast in mould divine— Were flitting to and fro ; and Beauty's beams Were wooing suitors to her dazzling shrine, Contrasting brightly with the darker streams Of crowding gallants, who by love, or wine, Or both inspired to ape the "man of fashion," Thought—silly pups !—to breed a kindred passion : And there were—but I hate to be precise—. And therefore will not say precisely who Appeared in garb, for which they paid a price At PITE and PRESTON'S, o?— 'twixt I and you— Some I could mention who not over-nice Their bills had given ; which perchance when due Will yield unto the snips who took their measure But poor per-centage on the evening's pleasure. Suppose for brevity, we merely make Mention of two, or three, or even ten, And, as the Muse suggests, at random take A sketch of each ; some fashionable men We will select the public thirst to slake For information—'t were enow I ken Of pens, ink, paper, time and brain to waste On such a subject, not to speak of taste. "In medias res," we'll plunge—the MAYOR in state Came like to Jehu, driving his own car ; Behind him, in luxurious ease, his mate Reclined, a very dignified Mama : Upon their steeds the horse-policemen sate, While their Commander, hot as furnace bar, Called out—"That carriage back—don't play these pranks ; We soldiers are placed here to keep the ranks." "Why, I'm the MAYOR," he cried in angry tone ; "Yes, he's the Mayor" his loving spouse did scream, "Flesh of my flesh, and bone, Sir, of my bone, Back-stitched to me for ever like a seam : He's true as needle to my poll ; I own He is a ducky"—"Madam, I esteem Your fondness," quode the soldier in low voice ; "But what a goose-look has your ducky choice." On passed the snip, and followed him a flood Of civic Solons, merchants, clerks, and lawyers, While roses, some full blooming, some in bud Looked sweet on mimes who deemed them- selves top-sawyers ; Then cried these damosels, "Fie ! Fie !—oh, lud!" To red-skinned Indians and tattoed Maoris ; While Hamlet fluttered round them with head full Of nothing, like poor Yorick's brainless skull. There Desdemona upon Cassio smiled In spite of grim Othello's looks of black ; There KECK and DILLON, arm-in-arm, be- guiled The hour, fit portraitures of Paddy Whack ; While BRASNELL, Bentinck of the South, well tiled, Spurred, booted, corded, looked a huntsman crack ; And HOSKING play'd that butcher Harry Tudor ; But two wives at a time—Oh-Hal-proh pudor! There TURNER, with a lady, moved along, She, fair as Aphrodite of fabled sea ; And gliding on, the dream of poet's song, Or type of all love's wildering witchery ; And many a bosom in that motley throng Sighed, "Cooper Turner turn her o'er to me."— But such thoughts were cut shorter by a hum- ming, As Byron sang—"Make way—the Guv-nor's coming." SIR CHARLES and LADY MARY entered there En suite, no doubt a very brilliant sight ; His dress gave him a most heroic air, Whilst she a lady is, in her own right ; A well trained page her lengthy train did bear, Dark velvet, gold-gemmed, like star-span- gled night, Which she, all gracefully tucked up at last, Sirs, Assisted by A. D. C. Mister Masters. There as a Gentleman Sam Lyons stalked, For once appearing in complete disguise, While BIBB in black without a tucker walked, Except when he discussed the supper pies Supplied by Fielding ; and while others talked, The Undertaker Hayes stood mute and wise ; While Goddard's foolscap garb, all wisdom scorning, Oft looked like night, and as oft turned to morning. There CURWEN BOYD an Abbot's hoary poll Displayed, meet Confessor to virgin nuns ; And Upper BENJAMIN his form did roll In plaided garb of thistly Scotia's Sons ; GRANT PADDY from Newcastle brought his coal ; And CONNELL, British tar, fir'd off great guns ; While GREEN of Darlinghurst, that man of hemp, A yarn was spinning for his fat friend KEMP. MISTER and MISSUS ISAAC TITTERTON Appeared, a Sporting Lady and a Gent. ; 'T were puzzling to point Donna out from Don, So very strangely seemed the sexes blent ; Then DOCTOR NATHAN all in black walked on, A sable stick of wax ; while FISHER went, (To stamp the party with a certain tone,) In very best of characters—"His Own." BOB COOPER floated forth from his distillery An Admiral of blue-ruin, cold without. And linked unto a MANN of Horse-Artillery, Staggered and strutted roguishly about ; They looked like gentlemen released from pillory, Meet game for all the rabble and the rout ; Whilst MARTIN aping Leicester's courtly grace, Seemed devilish like a valet out of place. To shed a RAY of light upon the tottle, The City Bard in quiet box reclined, Applying oft his lips unto the bottle, To throw a little spirit o'er his mind ; For unlike Hercules, he could not throttle The snake-like forms that twisted there and twined, Compressing all into dull dreary cantos. To make the Herald readers sigh, and pant-ohs ! Shade of Will Shakspeare ! or perhaps Will Knight, Will personate thy form, thou peerless Ghost ! His mortal coil is shadowy and light As bloodless spirit's, though a worthy host ; And barring poetry, a decent sprite He'd make, and equal to thine own almost, But Shade of either Will arise, and take Thine own again for gentle pity's sake. Once more let Thespis, glorious goddess, rule In this her rightful Empire ; lo ! her throne Usurped by one whom nature made a mule, Is abdicated now, and all are gone Who thronged around, and used him as a tool To gratify their morbid love of "ton"— A sickly, forc'd, unnatural wish to play For one brief hour in gentleman's array. Pardon this brief digression, but our pen Is sometimes led away by strange caprice, When doomed to write on manners, and on men Who scarcely own a grain of sense a piece ; But willingly we turn to facts again From our imaginings—a glad release— For in whatever garb by Fancy drest, An Ass ?— a Donkey at the best. The F— ?—, to the "board of trade," As ?— it, does the snip return, His clow— aside are laid, Cross-legg'd he squats, a bob or two to earn ; Broad-cloths and ?—, breeches ready made, From out the ?— shelves arc made to turn— Whilst clip of sh— more in upper story Speaks mournfully of cabbage" and "past Glory." LIST OF CHARACTERS. Messrs. A'Beckctt, Legion of Spain ; Arm- strong, Rajah of Benares, George Allen, Scottish Mountaineer ; Allen, jun., a Moor of Kebes ; Aldis, Don Alvaro ; Aspinwall, Modern Greek ; H. O. Ayrane, Officer in the Spanish Guards ; Appleton a Grecian ; M. Appleton, Brigand ; Aitken, Royal Arch Mason ; Algar, Othello. Misses A'Beckett, Spanish Lady ; Armstrong, Sicilian Costume ; Aldis, Isabella of Scotland ; Aspinwall, Grecian Lady ; Ayrane, Mary of Burgundy ; Appleton, Swiss Peasant ; Miss Allan, Peasant of Carniola ; Allman, French Girl. Messrs. Blair, Barrister ; Buckland, Dame Durden ; B. Boyd, Highland Chief ; Curwen Boyd, Abbot of Kilwinning ; Barton, Grecian of Christ's Hospital ; Burrows, Pirate ; Mr. Brenan, Queen's Counsel ; Brenan, jun, Highlander ; S. Brown, a Student ; Bayley, Nobleman of Ch. Col., Oxon ; W. Bowen, Midshipman ; Blox- some, Egyptian Nazim ; Bucknell, Bushman ; Blackstone, King Charles II. ; Burn, Michael Cassio ; Billyard, a Shipwrecked Lawyer ; T. Baker, a Hunter ; Bland, Earl of Orford ; Bre- mer, Black Norman, the Cornish Wrecker ; T. Bird, Assyrian ; Burton, Student of Cottingham ; A. Rogue, Mahomed Akhbar Khan ; Edward Blaxland, Le Chevalier Bayard, Mrs. Ben- net, Tyrolese Peasant ; Blair, Swiss Peasant Girl ; Binnie, Old English Lady ; Barton, Lady Teazle ; Burrows, Greek Lady ; Robert Buck- nell, Costume Louis XV. ; Burn, Maritana la Zinkara ; Billiard, Spanish Lady ; T. Baker, Hunter's Lady ; Bland, Dame de la Cour, sous le Regne de Louis Quartorze ; Bremer, Haidee ; T. Bird, Swiss ; Misses Bucknell, a Tyrolien- ne, Nymphalin ; Binnie, Peasant Girl ; Sarah Bucknell, Spanish Girl ; Birch, Young Lady of the Reign of George the II. ; Bushby, Native of Zurich. Messrs. Cape, Master of Lists, Cantab ; Cham- bers, Edwin the Hermit ; Copeland, a Syrian Officer ; Cotton, Friar Laurence ; J. G. Cohen, Count Florille ; Auditor Campbell, Highland Chieftain ; T. W. Campbell, Shaughanghey, Esq. ; George Campbell, Gentleman of Edward IV. ; H. Connnell, Staff-Officer ; Connell, jun., British-Man-o'-War's-Man ; Cole, Naval Officer Cole, Malay Chieftain ; Clarke, Royal Arch Mason ; R. Cooper, Commodore ; R. Cooper, jun., Spanish Gentleman ; John Cracknell, sailor ; Croft, Midshipman ; Carter, junior, Cavalier time of Charles I ; Mesdames Cham- bers, Chaperone ; Copeland, a Highland Lady ; Cohen, Spanish Lady ; T. W. Campbell, Lady of the 15th century. Misses Cordeaux ; Cath- leen ; Clarke, Zuleika ; Cooper, La Duchess d'Orleans ; Emma Cooper, La Viscountess de Chateaubriand ; Callander, a Lady of Queen Anne's Reign ; Chippendale, Quakeress. Messrs. Dawes, one of the Stewards ; Dawes, a Sailor ; Dobie, Naval Uniform Donaldson, a Macdonald ; James Donavon, Haciendero, Mexicano ; Driver, junior, midshipman ; J. P. Deane, Doctor of Music ; Davis, junior, High- land Lad ; Davis, junior, Paddy the Anstralian Ballad Singer ; A. Devlin, Highland Chieftain ; B. Dumouline, Venetian Noble ; Driscoll, Paddy from Cork ; Dawson, Military Uniform ; Duer, Costume of the 17th century ; A. Dick, Knight Templar ; R. Dunlop, Highland Chief ; A. Dight, a Squatter ; James Dowling, Queen's Counsel. Mesdames Dawes, Costume of Goze ; Devlin, Flora Mac Ivor ; Dawson, Hnngarian Lady ; Duer, Costume of the 17th Century. Misses Donaldson, Village May Queen ; Deane, Greek Girl ; I. Dean, Highland Lass ; Davis, the Bride ; Davis, Magicienne ; Dumouline, Dutch Peasant ; Dick, Scotch Lassie ; D'Arcy, Scotch Girl. Messrs. Eccleston, Don John of Austria ; L. Elyard, Ancient English Dress ; Edrop, Midshipman ; F. Ebsworth, Officer of the Spanish Guards. Mesdames Eccleston, a Spanish Lady ; Egan, Arline ; Ebsworth, a Lady of the Court of Edward II. Misses Egan, Kathleen O'Moore, Ellard, Russian Young Lady. Messrs. Fisher, "My Own" ; Foster, Civil Celtic ; Foster, College Student ; Foster jun., Swiss Peasant ; Ferris, Old English Gentleman ; Fitzpatrick, the Prince (in Cinderella). Mesds. Fisher, a Lady of the Time of Louis XIII ; Fisher, a Spanish Lady ; Foster, Neapolitan Peasant ; Foster, Alexandra of Russia. Miss Flaxman, Flower Girl. His Excellency the Governor, in Official Cos- tume ; Lietenant-Colonel Gibbes, Member of the Bar ; Messrs. William Gibbes, Earl of Roches- ter ; Green, Affghan Dost Mahomet ; Gordon, Trinity Hall Student ; Greenhill, Man of Kent ; —Ball Costume ; Graham, Highlander ; Charles Graham, Lusitanian Costume ; Gibson, Hunts- man ; Greville, jun, Spanish Dancer ; Girard, jun., Midshipman ; Gurner, Costume of the 19th Century ; Goddard, Day and Night ; Gregory, jun., Freemason, P.M. ; Grant, Coal-heaver ; Gorman, Count Rodolpho, from La Sonnumbula Jon V. Gorman, Barrister. Lady Mary Fitz Roy, in full Court Dress ; Mesdames William Gibbes, Violante of Milan ; F. Garling, a Yachtman's Bride ; Green, Cingalese ; Garrett, Costume of the Reign of Queen Anne ; Gordon, Portuguese Lady ; Gurner, Costume of the 19th Century ; Goddard, Bernese Peasant ; Gorman, Peasant of the Island of Ischia, near Naples. Misses Gibbes, Swiss Costume of the 15th Cen- tury ; Matilda Gibbes, a Moorish Lady ; The Misses Garling, in Polish Dresses ; Mary Gar- rett, Swiss Peasant Girl ; Greenhill, Swiss ; M. Greenhill, Gipsy ; Greville, Italian Lady ; Girard ; Une Fleuriste Italienne. Messrs. Hay, a Gentleman, of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth ; Hanson, Robin Hood ; W. Hill, Charles II. ; E. Hill, Knight of the Red Lance ; Hill, Hamlet, Prince of Denmark ; Hal- loran, an Equestrian ; Hanley, Civil Officer ; W. Hindson, Dr. Pangloss ; Hindson, Swiss Peasant ; Hale, Country Squire ; Harpur, Old O'Flaherty, an Irish Fiddler ; T. H. Harpur, Huntsman ; Hayward, Master Mason ; H. Hol- linshed, Dr. Dumpbuzzel ; A. Hollinshed, Tom Tug ; Hollinworth, Seaman of H.M.S. Victory ; Hayley, Conrad the Corsair ; Hadsley, Alder- man ; Hosking, Henry VIII. ; J. L. Horsey, Rodolph, in Der Freischutz ; R. Hill, Figaro ; Mesds. E. Hill, Edela ; Hanley, Lady of the 14th Century ; Harpur, Tyrolese Fancy Dress ; H. Hollinshed, Old English Lady ; Hadsley Catherine Parr ; Hosking, Ann Boleyn ; Misses Hanson, Swiss Peasant Girl ; Hill, Zuleika (Turkish Lady) ; Hanley, Flower Girl ; Hale, Spanish Lady ; R. Harpur, Flora ; Hapley Italian Peasant ; Miss Hunter, Peasant Girl ; Messrs. Irving, Chief of Glengarry ; Inches, a British Farmer ; Mrs. Innes, Dress of the Reign of Henry VIII. ; Misses Innes, Blanche de Castile ; Celina Innes, Swiss Peasant, Messrs. Jeffrey, Knight Templar ; Jeffries, Naval Officer ; M. Joseph, Huntsman ; Joseph- son, Cleveland, Scott's Pirate ; J. J. Josephson, Spanish Don ; T. Jacques, Spanish Huntsman ; R. Jamison, an Albanian ; Jamison, Hanoverian Hussar ; M. Joubert, Jack Struggler ; R. John- son, Gascon Lord of the Fourteenth Century ; W. Johnson, Page of the Reign of Charles II. ; Richard Johnson, English Page of 1680 ; J. Jones, a Pennsylvanian ; R. Jones, a Collegian ; J. B. Jones, a Yeoman ; Jones, Mr. Single ; Mesdames M. Joseph, Spanish Lady ; Josephson, Rover's Bride ; R. Johnson, Night ; Misses Jaques, Guerilla Chieftain's Daughter ; Jacobs, Suilote Costume ; H. Johnson, Greek Girl ; M. Johnson, Piedmontise ; Jones, an Albanian ; — Jones, Annot Lyle (Scott*). Messrs. Keck, a Gentleman of the Seventeenth Century ; Kellie, a Forester ; Plunket Keon, Bob Acres ; Kennedy, Scotch Peasant ; Keele, Member of the Melton Mowbray Hunt ; Mesds. Keck, Irish Lady, Fancy Dress ; Keon, Miss Julia Languish ; Knight, Amy Robsart ; Misses Keck, Ophelia ; C. Keck, Ariel ; F. Keck, Un- dine ; Kirby, Gipsy. Messrs. Lamb, Yeoman Cavalry ; A. Little, a Falconer ; Longmore, a Highland Chieftain ; James Levick, Midshipman ; Larnach, Highland Chieftain ; James Laidley, Dick Turpin ; W. Laidley, Scottish Archer ; W. Lane, a Postillion ; Long, Selim, (Barbarossa) ; S. Lyons, Venetian Nobleman ; Logan, Man-o'-War's Man of the 17th Century ; Lumsdane, Assyrian; Llewellin, Infantry Officer ; Lord, Quiet Gentleman ; E. Lord, Flower Boy ; George Lord, Freemason ; Mesdames Longmore, Chieftain's Lady ; Long, Helen McGregor ; Misses Lamb, Lady Rowena ; Laidley, Georgian Lady ; Lane, Neapolitan ; J. Lane, Jacqueline ; Langdon, Spanish Peasant; Levein, Paysanne Francaise. Messrs. M. Metcalfe, an Oxford Student ; J. B. Metcalfe, a Mandarin ; — Milford, Sir Roger De Coverly ; — Murnin, Gustavus the 3rd ; — Auditor Mort, Courtier of the 13th Century ; J. Murphy, Brazilian Planter ; J. L. Montefiore, Adolphe de Labourdonaye "Debardeur ;" J. B. L. Montefiore, Officier d' Artillerie ; S. Maberly, "Captain Copp ;" — Martin, Earl of Leicester ; G. Mann, Horse Artillery ; T. May, junior, "Robin Hood ;" — Moriarty, Special Plea ; — Murray, Wild Man of the Woods; — Moses, jun. "Don Giovani ;" W. Melville, Greek ; J. J. Melville, Polish Gentleman: — Morris, Falconer ; W. H. Moore, Forester ; F. Moore, Algerine ; — Assessor Moore, Chelsea Pensioner in 1816 ; A. H. McCullock, Oxford Student ; — Macna- mara, Gustavus the 3rd ; — Macarthur, Member of the Legislative Council for Parramatta ; J. Macarthur, Gentleman Jockey ; — Maclean, jun., Highlander ; — McVitie, Forester in the time of Henry IV. ; — Macnab, Count Almaviva ; — McGaa, German Huntsman ; Captain Maclean, Barrister-at-Law ; Master Macdonald, Scottish Archer ; Master Macnamara, a Page ; Misses M. Metcalfe, Eveline Berenger ; Milford, Night ; Miniss, Ruth, a Quakeress, just arrived from Pennsylvania ; May, Scotch Girl ; McCullock, Swiss Lady ; Macnamara, the Countess of An- trim ; Macdonald, Genoese Lady ; Miss May, Scotch Lady ; Mitchell, Marquise de la Vieille Cour ; Louisa Melville, Polonaise ; Macarthur, and E. Macarthur, Spring ; Macdonald, Swiss Peasant Girl ; Macdougal, Chieftain's Daughter. Messrs. C. Nathan, the Gentlemen in Black ; A. Nathan, Chinaman ; Norton, jun., Swiss Countryman ; Nathan, Royal Arch Mason ; E. North, Huntsman ; Misses Nicholson, Spanish ; Newman, Helene, the Jew's daughter of Perga- mus ; C. Nathan, Lady C. Grandison ; E. North, Grecian Lady ; Miss and Miss Emily North, Peasant Girls of Cyprus ; Nathan, Flower Girl. Messrs. Charles O'Connell, un Ravageur de la Seine ; Omersham, King Scholar ; Onslow, Mussulman ; Owen, Italian Gentleman ; P. Owen, a Venetian ; Orr, Electioneering Blacksmith ; Orr, Peggy, in the Gentle Shepherd ; Ogilvy, Captain Bobadil ; R. O'Connor, Er of Eri ; O'Reilly, Spanish Don ; H. and J. N. Oxley, Greek Gentlemen ; Misses O'Connell, Peasant of the Corfu ; Onslow, Indian Lady ; Ogilvy, Gipsy ; O'Reilly, Grecian Lady ; Miss Owen ; Swiss Peasant. Messrs. Peden, Jack Brag ; Peter, Alessandro Mazzaroni ; Pite, a Westminster Elector ; Pres- ton, Page in the reign of Charles II. ; Patrick, Paul Clifford ; Pownall, Italian Noble ; Perrier, Al Azim, a Merchant of Cairo ; Pollard, Naval Officer ; Phelps, jun., a Collegian ; Misses Peden, Lady of the 18th Century ; Peter, Fair Rosa- mond ; Pownall, La Muger del Terero (Spanish Bull- fighter's Wife) ; Miss Pentland, Spanish Lady. Messrs. J. Raymond, Rodolph of Gerolstein ; J. Raymond, jun., Court Dress of 16th Century ; D. F. Roberts, Douglass Ashton ; W. Roberts, Polish Gentleman ; C. and J. Roberts, Sports- men ; Read, Don Alphonso Roderigo ; Ryan, jun., Tipperary Boy ; Ryan, as a Jolly Squatter ; Rodd, Huntsman, Evening Dress ; Rickards, Don Alphonso ; Reeves, Gentleman of the 17th Century ! Robey, an Albanian ; Ross, Free- mason ; W. Redman, Conrad ; G. Russell, a Bohemian ; P. N. Russell, as Reginald de Tracey—Ivanhoe ; Mesds. D. F. Roberts' De- bardeuse de Temps de Louis XVI. ; W. Roberts Lass of .Gowrie ; "Rickard*, Leonora D'Este . Misses Ramsay, a Leucadian Ladv . - Ramsav' Las3 o' Gowrie ; S. Ramsay, Anni^ Laurie . V Ramsay, Currency Lass ; Roberts, Currency Rin&' a Devotee; M. Robertson, Fatima' in Bluebeard j Rees, as Valentine of Milan. Messrs. T. Smith, Spanish Brigand . D Smith,. Earl of Essex; T. Shepherd, a Master Gardener ; L. C. Shepherd, Dan Librado ; Pet r steel, Lieut, Seymour, R.N., King's Own Smart, as Locksley ; Thomas Stubbs, One of thé New Militia; Stirling, as Roderick Dhu; Scarr One of the Old Cumberland Turf Hunt ; T. c' Stewart, Mandarin ; L. Spyer, Polish Dress . Joseph Simmons, jun., the Corsair ; Salamon' Fra TJ¡3Volo ; Edward Symonds, th: Middy Ashore ; C. Simmonds, a Middy ; E. B. Sand well, Cavalier of the 17th Century ; Savage a Barrister; Savage, jun.. Ben Backstay; (I. 5 Sharp, Glasgow University Student : L". Suttor' a Cavalier of the Time of Charles H. ; Sheridan" Costume of the Time of the Crusades under Cour de Lion; L. .Samuel, a Greek Corsair; Swan, as Sublime, Prince of the Royal Secret ; Mr. Stables, as Lieutenant-Colonel Lillicnliorn, in Gustavus III. Mesdames Shepherd, Ancient Quaker's Lady ; Smart, aTripolitziote ; Salamon, Neapolitan Lady ¡Sheridan,Une Dame Française "NV. H. Saunders, a Spanish Lady. Misses Smith a Scotch Lassie ; Smith, Evening Star ; S.Smith Morning- Star ; Steel, Emily Ravenscroft, in a Tyrolienne Costume; Stubbs, a Peasant of Salzburg ; K.;Stubbs, Illyrian Mountain Peasant Girl; Eliza Story, Sylph; Simmons, a Greek' Girl ; Simpson, Lady of the Times of Charles I ¡ Small," Cendrillon". The Hon. E. D;as Thomson, in Official Cos- tume ; Messrs. J. C. Thomson, a Post Captain R.N. ; Titterton, Sporting Gentleman ; Titterton, Midshipman ¡ John Tyers, as Sancho Ortes de la Rocha ¡"t-Templeton, Robinson . Crusoe -after- wards--. Evening Ball Dross ;__Todd, a Barrister .in Extensivejj'ractice in New South Wales; Ci. /Thornton, -Massaroni : Taaffe, the Twopenny (.Postman ;. Mesdames Thomson, a Lady of th: "10th Century j'Titterton, Sporting Lady ; Tvers, the Lady Estella of Castilla; R. Towns, Cur- rency Lady; Templeton, Gipsy; Turner, the White Lady of Avenel ; Misses M and - Tyers, Scottish Ladies ; Taylor, an Albanian ; Tindall, as Lady Rowena; Thorn, Flower Girl. Mr. Venor, Gentleman Sportsman. Messrs. W. Wilshire, Costume of the Chief of the Clan Donnchai, as adopted at the Co.irt of Louis XIV. ; J. Wells, Regidor, Member of the Municipality of Mexico (New Costume) ; J Wells, Tyrolcse Peasant ; C. Woolcott, Frank Osbal deston ; Wild, a Forester; Wardell, Modern Greek ; Wright, Uniform of the 99 til Regiment; Watkins, West Indian Planter; R. H. Way, Polish Costume ; W. WallU, Sportsman ; J. C. ?Wood, Major, British Legion ; R. Wood, Dutch Civil Officer, in Uniform ; Wood, an Italian Colonel ; T. W. Wood, a Collegian ; Whittle, Odd Fellows* Dress; "Woolley, Courtier of ÜIÉ 17th Century; J. Weston, Greek Dress; J. Walker, One of the Olden Time ; W. Walker, Highlander; CM. Wylde, Venetian Peasant ; Wiso, a Sailor ; - Wehh, in the Uniform of thu 80th Regiment ; J. C. White, Lord Falkland in thc time of Charles I. ; George Want, Chemisier de l'Hydrograph Oriental ; Dr. West, Foxhun ter ; Mesdames W. Wilshire, Costume of a Highland Lady of the Clan Robertson ; Win- deyer, a Quaker ; J "Wells, Tyrolcse Peasant; Wardell, a Greek Lady; Way. Lady of 1715; Watkins, Spanish Lady ; Wallis, Grecian ; Whittle, Wife of an Odd Fellow; Walkei, High- land Lady ; "Walker, Chilianeta : Wilkie, Lady of the last Century ; Wilson, Spanish Lady ; Misses Windeyer, a Bohemian ; Watkins, Swiss Peasant; Weston, Venetian Lady; Wilson, a Spanish Lady of Minilla. Messrs. J. R. Young, Costume-Reign of Georgo ll. ; Young, Court Dress, THE LATE SIR GEORGE GIPPS.-A meeting of tho City Council will be held on Monday next, at noon, for tho purpose of pre- paring and adopting an address of condolence willi1 Lady Gipps on her late distressing be- reavement. HOBBERY OF BASK NOTES IN LONDON*. A robbery of no less a sum than £10,000, in Bank of England notes, was effected in the vi- cio.ty of the Royal Exchange on 17th February. A clerk in the service of Strahan, Paul, 5; Bates, bankers in the Strand, had been collecting in the course of Tuesday morning at several of the City banks, and tile last place he called at wai at Diacon's bank, in Birchin-lane. On leaving he carelessly deposited his leather case in his coat pocket, without a chain or any security at- tached to it. It was raining at thc time, and during the confusion that existed in that crowded neighbourhood, one of the expert swell mob managed to extract the case and get clear od". There can be no doubt he had been watched from place to place. A reward of £100 is odored for the restoration of the notes. Their amount was at first stated to be £10,000, but the absolute loss is only £7,505, and considerable hopes are entertained that as £6,500 are in five notes of £1000, two £500, £300, and £200, the thieves will not be enabled to circulate these large notes, they being all stopped at the Bank, and due no- tice sent to all parts of the kingdom. APPOINTMENTS. - His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Mr Charles J. H. Champneys to be Clerk of Petty Sessions at Cambooya; Mr. Patrick McLachlan to be Clerk of Petty Sessions at Horsham ; Mr. Charles Fox to bc Chief Constable at Muswellbrook ; and Mr. Michael Ryan to be Chief Constable at Hor- sham ; Mr. William Rhodes, to be Chief Con- stable at Bathurst ; Mr. James Gibson to bo Chief Constable at Camden. FINE ARTS EXHIBITION.--It is rumoured that the Society for the Promotion of the Fine Arts intend shortly to close'their first exhibition, at present open'at the Australian Library. CORONERS' INQUESTS.-On Monday, at the Three Tuns' Tavern, on the body of Lewis Grainger, aged 70, who expired on Saturday in the General Hospital, of disease of the heart and lungs. Verdict accordingly.-On thc same day. at tlic "Wheat- shcaf Inn, George-street South, on tlie body of Owen O'Neal, who died.in die Bene- volent Asylum on Saturday, of disease of th' lungs Verdict accordingly. --On Tuesday, at the Three Tuns' Tavern, on the body of Ellen Switcher, of Castlereagh-strcet, who died in thc Infirmary on Suuday night, from severe injuries received by her clothes igniting while taking a saucepan off the fire. Verdict-Accidental death. * SULPHURIC ETILER.-In reference to the article addressed to the Dispensing Part of the Medical Profession, in our first page, we find the following account of the fatal eflects resulting from the administration of the vapour, recorded in the Medical Times.--" The case of lithotomy performed at the Suffolk and Colchester Hospital proved fatal within twenty-four hours after the operation. We understand, nlso, that an old gentleman, operated on for some disease of the foot during the last week, by Mr. Travers, died within twenty-four hours of the operation. He never recovered from the stupor caused by the ether."-In the Paris Academy of Sciences, M. Jacques Cardan gave an account of some serious results from the administration of ether to females in a state of pregnancy. He considers it highly improper to etherize females when in this condi- tion. . . ' * QUERY.-Why is an oyster the greatest anomaly in nature j>-D'ye "give it up ? " Because it has a beard without a chin, " And's taken out of Its bed to be tucked in." THE THEATRE.-The ;Victoria will re- open on Saturday evening nest, when, as will be seen by our advertising columns, the_ pro- ceeds of thc house, clear of exponeos, will be_ handed over to the Irish and , Scotch Rebel Fund. 'We. hope this philanthropic step on the part of Messrs Wyatt and ;!Cnight, and the corp* dramatique, will be be liberally -seconded by. thu public. » 