LOCAL. On Tuesday night week, the dwelling of a man named Bates, residing in Brisbane-street, was broken into, when a watch and about seventeen shillings in money became a prey to the thieves. It would appear from this and other recent instances, that a gang of burglars still exists in Launceeton; we may, however, venture to predict, that they will not long escape the vigilance of Mr. Davis and his ' detectors.' Masters and Apprentices.— On Thursday week last, Mr. Bell appeared at the Police Office to answer the com- plaint of Philip Phillips, his apprentice, for muleting him of his wages. The lad had, as it appeared, completed some article of furniture which his master subsequently accused him of spoiling, and under these circumstances stopped his wages. The Bench refused to entertain the complaint, al leging that they had no jurisdiction in the matter — the case must be referred to the decision of a Court of Requests. M britorious Conduct. — On Monday week, a horse and cart, the property uf Mr. Twinning, was proceeding down Wellington-street, when the animal from some cause or other took fright, and set off at the top of his speed. The road being full of obstructions, it \s difficult to calculate the consequences which might have ensued, had not a passholder named William Hall intercepted his pro- gress at great personal risk. Several other individuals had ineffectually attempted to do bo, and the courage displayed by the man in throwing himself almost under the animal's feet, is worthy not only of enconium, but reward. Colonial Revenue.— Tbe usual Quarterly Abstract lias been published. The Customs and Post Office Receipts shew an inchkase upon the corresponding quarter of last year : £1336 Is 5(3 is the increase in the Customs at Uobart ['own. and £320 lGs 4d at Launceston. The Quarter's Receipts make £45,545 3a 9r], including a credit of £19,405 13b 8d transferred from the CuinmlBsariat Chest, in winch are three-fourths of grant by Home Government. The expenditure amounts to £44,600 5b 3d, including a sum of£97G4 Oa 4d for unforeseen expenses, but of what these consist does not appear. A blind walk —A master baker, walked blind-folded, with his bands in his pocket, on Monday week, from the corner of Collins and Murray streets to the ' Neptune' public-bouse at ihe New Wharf, in five minutes and forty five seconds— winning a bet that he would perform the distance in ten minutes. Fracab at the Hobart Town Theatre.— The police maitistrate has incurred the censure of the Press for alleged unfairness in deciding on certain proceeding8 arising out of tins fracas. We, of course, are unacquainted with the merits of the case, hut if the facts are correct as stated in the Journals, neither Mr. Mason nor the parlies involved in the affair have added much to their reputation. THE INSOLVENTS R. AND J. HODGETTS.— It will be remembered, that these persons were remanded to gaol on the 14th ultimo, for six months, on the warrant of the Commissioner, for an alleged breach of trust. The Judges of the Supreme Court have discharged both insolvents on the motion of Mr. Brewer, who contended that the warrant was illegal on several grounds. The parties appeared in Court on a habeas corpus. An honest Probationer. —Thomas Benson, a pass- holder in private service, lately found a bag containing £20 12s which be directly handed to his master. On en quiry, it turned out to belong to Mr. Henry Mills of Veteran's Row, who made the lucky finder a preseot ol £6 12s for hia honesty. Thij Uar — Mr. 13. O'Niell Wilson has commenced practice as a Barrister. The learned gentleman made bis debut on Saturday week at the Police Office in behalf of Mr. Lambert of the 96th, concerned in the Theatrical fracas. Convict Indulgences. — Conditional pardons eaten, ded, 6 — recommended, 49 — tickets of leave granted, 22 — marriages sanctioned, 14. Mistbr Addison. — The Hobart Town Gazette notices officially, the dismissal of this ex-district constable. Rest down Ferry.— His Excellency has approved of a revised schedule of tolls for tbe Rest-down Ferry Lighting. — Tlie Hobartonians ere making a stir about the necessity uf lighting the public thoroughfares. It is asked very naturally, why the victuallers should have the burthen of putting up lamps for public accommodation, to tbe exemption of every other clasa of tradesmen. When will our Launceston patriots see about lighting the streets i this winter it will be a very desirable measure. Information — An information was last week preferred at the police-office against a person for selling ' ginger beer' without a license. It fell to the ground in conse quence of tbe wife being introduced into the information, instead of the husband. Mr. Davis has, however, amended bis information, and will shortly proceed against tbe male proprietor of the premises. Houbkbreaking. — An individual tolerably well-known to tbe police, was on Saturday charged with housebreaktng. He narrowly escaped committal, and will, it is to be hoped, take warning and amend his course of life. Bad houses.— The keeper of a notorious houBe in Wellington-street (holding a ticket-of-le&ve;), has been de servedly rewarded with a sentence of three months to the roads for the double offence of harbouring a female for an improper purpose, and bringing forward a ' mounter' in Mb defence. Matrimonial Squabbles.— On Thursday morning, a ticket-holder named Edward Parr was charged by hia wife, Mrs. Ellen Parr, wilb threatening to asBault her with a knife. The 'lady,' an individual by tbe bye, not by any means remarkable for personal attractions, made out a most piteoua case against lier spouse, whilst he, in his turn, was equally expert in portraying his marital wrongs. Tbe dispute was, at length, referred to tbe decision of Mr. Davit, who speedily despatched the business by pronounc ing in favour of the husband. He described the conduct of Ullen as too gross for repetition ; the situation of the husband was anything but enviable, and be, deponent, had witnessed such behaviour on the part of complainant, as is better conceived than described. At this direct imputation on her virtue, the eyes of Ellen flashed fire; it was— she observed — owing to ber invincible modesty alone that she was r.ot the creature represented by Mr. Davie, and she was about charging her husband witb various ' high crimes and misdemeanours,' when the magistrate cut her short with a mandate, to ' quit his presence.' Her spouse was also permitted to accompany her, with an injunction from his worst. ip to the effect, that they bad better contrive to settle their grievances without reference to him. Accident.— On Friday week last, the billiard-room at the ' Launcesion Hotel' was discovered to be on fire. A messenger was immediately dispatched in quest of an en gine, but fortunately, a few buckets of water sufficed to extinguish the flames previous to its arrival. Tbe accident is attributed to tbe circumstance of one of the domestics having negligently thrown some hot ashes too close to come weather-boards Better late than never.— The lengthened corres pondence between the British Government, and the Veterans of the Peninsula, relative to a medal to be worn by them, as a testimony of their distinguished services, has terminated in an order being issued, for one to be given to every officer and man »bo is entitled to it. Probation Ferryman. — A call has been made on tbe proprietors of 'ferry-boats' to give up their probation men, which will be done, probably, as their periods ol contract expire. Wbllington-street. — A gang of seventy-two men are, at present, engaged in the needful repairs of this street. From the manner in which the work is commenced, there is every reason to believe, thai something permanently beneficial will be tbe reBult. The Meeting. — A certain individual was lately referred to for his opinion relative to the meeting of the 10th. ' Ob I for that matter' said he, ' I cannot record it better than in the words of the ' immortal bard' — ' it was like — ' A tale told by «n idiot— full of found and fury, ' Signifying— nothing.' We entirely coincide with him, and helieve, tbat in conse quence of tbe idiotic behaviour of its ' getters-up,' its consequences will be exactly — nil Humane Society.— It is to be regretted, that something on the principle of a ' Humane Society' does not exist in Launceston. The exertions of a boatman named George Williams, who in the course of a few years has been the means of saving several lives, would not, in that case, have been suffered to go unrewarded. In addition to this cir- cumstance, be is, we believe, always ready to render assist ance in the recovery of bodies accidentally drowned, and at an inquest a few days ago, he appeared to have taken an active and successful part in dragging fur tbe body of tbe unfortunate Bedford. Oatlands.— Tbe District Constable will put up for sale on Monday, at the police office, at 12 o'clock, a quan tity of unclaimed and stolen property come into his possess ion by virtue of his office. HtniNO Depot.— Number of females fer disposal 13th. instant,— 11. Rest-down Ferry. — The director general of roads calls for tender! for three years from lat. July next. Convivial.— On Monday night Mr. P. Monag ban, in honour of Her Majesty's birth-day, entertained (in a room expressly fitted up for the occasion,) a select party of friends. The apartment was splendidly illuminated, and Mr. Mo. naghan, in lbs capacity of host successfully exerted himself in order to afford satisfaction to bit numerous guests . Mirth and hilarity, were tbe order of tbe evening, and a number of loyal toasts were drank, and heartily responded to, by tbe company. Music of course added ita charms to the entertainments of the evening and at a late hour the compa. ny separated highly delighted with their entertainment. PerbBps in some inBtanceB they might have formed a deter mination upon some future night to drink to tbe health of Her MajeBty ' aix bottles more.' Benefit. — Mr. Lee bad a flattering testimonial of public favor on Monday night. A long time has gone by aince the 'Olympic' was so crowded to overflowing as on tbat occasion. The peculiar talent of Lee in making out an attractive programme is well-known, neither did be on Monday disappoint expectation. An excellent variety of entertainments were given enited lo holiday times.of which the dancing of Maater Chambers and little Miss Lee must not be overlooked. The little prodigy (as she must be called) danced a Fas Seul in the character of 'Mother Goose' witb all tbe tact and confidence of an old stager; and her father's anxieties were well rewarded by tbe showers of applause with which the little thing's performance was re. ceived. The Wonderful Dogs, loo, executed their parts very sagaciously, doing every credit to the training of their talented owner. A fair debutante excited attention ; her exertions give promise of usefulness, if she intends devoting herself to the Stage; comparison with some other aspirant* to histricnic fame would certainly give ibis 'young lady' the advantage. The 'Sbakesperian' burlesque by which the amusements were wound up, is a whimsical affair, and will bear repetition. Some of the characters were exceed nigly well sustained to wit— Lee's 'Ghost of Hamlet'a Fa ther,' Mereton'e 'Shylock,' Austin's 'Othello,' and K«nny's 'Richard. ' The parts of 'Shallow' and 'Macbeth' were amusing and creditable to the actors. 'Billv Barlow's private opinions on the Transportation question 'had some good points, and Mr. Lee was encored in it. We must not omit mentioning a little some-thing in favor of .Mr. Bland, who on Monday evening in Chevy Chase displayed more talent than he had hitherto done; in fact we may say his Percy was well sustained — Murdock tbe Reiver was a good piece of Acting by Kenny. Police Act.— The police act is in some cases liable to great abuses. On Thursday la«t a respectable inhabitant of George- street, was brought before the police bench, to an swer an information preferred by an individual who in place of doing go, had better -f look at home.' His own domestic establishment is said to he conducted upon principles any tiling hut respectable. To charge a respectable female witb ' insulting the paBsers by,' was a most monstrous piece of assumption on the part of such a man, and the magistrate after very properly dismissing the case, cautioned the dis trict constables. againBt entertaining such paltry complaints in future. Removal of Convicts.— The bushrangers Dido and Wilson, and also Duffey and another for highway robbery, convicted at the last sessions of the Supreme Court were this morning forwarded to Hobart Town on their way to Norfolk Island; Mr. Midgley and a sufficient number of trusty constables accompanied them. We understand Dido and Wilson lately made an attempt to get away from the gaol, by removing some bricks from their cell, but their in- tention was frustrated in time. The whole of these pri- soners were sentenced to death, but the Governor and Ex- ecutive Council have been pleased to reprieve them, on con- dition of serving eight years at Norfolk Island, under the severest secondary punishment. They were all heavily ironed, when they mounted the coach this morning Innkeepers Lamps. — The Hobart Town Britannia very reasonably asks, why the Innkeepers in the towns should be compelled to keep lights burning after their bouses are closed ! Why is the Innkeeper compelled by law to incur an expence, from which all other tradesmen are exempt ? This appears to us to be a tax, on an already over-taxed— and in many instances — most unfairly restricted citizens, not justified by necessity. If the town is lighted to aid tbe police in protecting it, tbe lamps of the Innkeepers are not sufficient to answer the object,' therefore, to secure it, the liuhting should be general ; the expence for which, should tall upon tne putuic. Penmanship. — A Mr. Smith is represented as exceed ingly clever in improving the unintelligible writers of the Capital ; his system of instruction is highly approved of, and his success is extraordinary; if the Professor will pay Launceston a visit when it suits bis convenience, lie may calculate tbat his services will meet with satisfactory re. rauneration. Employment of Convicts.— The Sherbourne Journal states that it has been publicly announced to be tbe inten tion of Government to send no more convicts to Australia, but to make Portland a penal settlement, and to employ convicts on tbe Breakwater, and other public works io con templation—such es constructing a citadel, and running up fortifications entirely round tbe Island j that the straggling town is to be completely removed, to give way to an uniform fortified city; in a word, Portland is to be made another Gibraltar. SERtous Responsibility.— In a late English paper we read of an overseer of a coal mine being fully committed for trial, on a coroner's warrant, charged with the man slaughter of several men, whose lives were lost by an explosion of fire damp. The accident is attributed to tbe overseer's neglect. An application was made to admit him to bail, and refused. This circumstance should serve bb a warning to some of our overpaid functionaries, who sadly neglect their public duty, and afford opportunity for the occurrence of serious accidents, which the hand of Provi. dence alone has bitberlo prevented. The Queen's Birth-Day.— Monday was observed witb the usual festivities by the loyal folks of Launceston. At an early hour the country peopU came into town in considerable numbers, and the fineness of the day tempted the mammas and juveniles of tbe town to court tbe plea sutes of out- door promenade as soon as the early mist bad cleared off. A large crowd congregated1 on the Church Green, to witness the evolutions of the military, who ar rived shortly before noon, in martial array, the excellent band playing Borne approved airs, and tbe colours of the regiment being borne by two of tbe ensigns. At twelve o'clock a/eu de jote was fired in honour of the day, the band playing ' God Save the Queen.' and the troopB at tbe conclusion giving a round of cheers for her Majesty. Tbe civilians however seemed to have forgotten the old English mode of responding to so loyal an example, only a fen hats being raised on tbe occasion. After marching round the green in slow and quick time, the .military left the ground by the same route, and returned to tbe barracks to enjoy the good cheer provided for the day. The Band, !-y permission of Colonel Blonmfieid, performed on tbe Green for two hours in the afternoon, which afforded an appropriate treat to the inhabitants and their families, who mustered numerously io enjoy the attractive pleasures of harmony. During the remainder of the day the holiday people kept up 'tbe charter' in their own fashion— a hurling match came off at tbe old Race Course, a private Ball or two in the evening, and an uncommonly crowded audience at the Olympic Theatre. The Flag Staff and Shipping were bb usual decorated with colour* of all con signees and all nations. Bad Houses.— The proprietor of a house in York street sadly complains of depredations committed on his property by the tenants of a number of houses of ill-fame in the neighbourhood, Surely tbe owner of these houses is bound in courtesy to afford to the complainant a remedy. If this be refused him, he has one witbin his reach— that of indicting the brothels as a nuisance at the police office. Shipping —The number of vessels belonging to this port lias lessened of late, and it ib gratifying now to observe signs of improvement in this most necessary desideratum to mercantile success. The fine schooner Maul of Cashmere, 200 lone, was last week purchased by MeaSra. Reid, Thompson &Gilmore; she is intended for the trade between this and India. Another vesael is about being purchased intended for a regular trader between Launcenton and the ports of New Zealand. To these additions to our port shipping Mr. Patterson ia building a lump of a vesael at Qravelly Beach, and Mr. Gibbons is fast proceeding on thsj frame work of a vessel of about 200 tuns, on the slip near to I'ia floating dock. Queen's Birth-day Ball — Varioue are tbe conjee lures occasioned as to the mode by which the Governor regulated the invitations at the ball at Government Uousi at Hobart Town, on the Queen's Birthday ; certain it is, that several estimable married gentlemen in the Commission of ihe Peace, and several alber persons who have on all previous occasions of a similar character been guests, have not on this been invited- On the occasion of a Birthday Ball in honour of her most GraciouB MajeBty, the expense of which is paid by the Home Government, it is not unreasonable to expect a more general invitation than perhaps might be deemed according to propriety on other occasions Tub Olympic— I§ to be open in future, three nights a week Mondayi, Wednesdays, and Fridays, which will afford b choice of nights, and of performances for the votaries of Theatrical!. This evening lUe play of the 'Stba.nger' will be presented under the auspices of Mrs. Mereton and the strength of the company ; the 'Stranger' by Mr. Austin, whose performance in the 5th act on Monday week gave eo roUchsalUfactinn. The next benefit will we are informed be taken by Mr- Kenny a young nan, industrious and use ful in lii- line, *nd very deserving of encouragement, which we hope his merits will secure for him on Monday. £50 Reward.— Mr. Charles M'Lachlan offers a reward of £60 to any person who will give information leading I' conviction of (he thieves who robbed liis residence on the evening of the 7--li instant j the articles stolen were a eilvei candelabra, a silver snufflinx, a douhla plated tray, and aeveral other articles. [Since I he above was written, w- understand that several men have been apprehended on suspicion, and summarily punished — the stolen proper t; has been restored.] ? Judge Willis.— The Port Phillip Patriot stales thai the surmises as to Judge Willis's compensation salary claim against the colony are now set at rest ;— the Queen's wanant for the sum (close upon £5000) ivaa presented and paid at the Melbourne Treasury three daya ago. Fit kb Mbchaeics — A deputation, consisting of MeNsrt. L»cy, Williams and Jeffery, of Hobart Town, had an interview recently with the Comptroller-General, to repre sent the effect! of probation labour on the interests of the free mechanics, on which occasion Dr. Hampton gave them to understand that a bill was preparing, having reference to the future hiring of probationers. Holes in the Streets.— A correspondent requests u* to ask the Town Surveyor if he intends to leave the cliBetn in George street open until it occasions Iobs of life ? and whether that gentleman intends leaving the drain uncovered in Patterson street ui til it occasions the breaking of a limb or perhaps a neck ? We would be sorry to hear that injury did occur from the neglect of the Town Surveyor in both the places named, but nothing is more likely ; in case of a death, it is easy to understand the nature of the verdici of a coroner's inquest. Police ? Monday being Her Majesty's birth-day a num her of disorderlies were liberated upon bail. On Tuesday morning R- C Gunn, Esq. officiated in the absence of tin Police Magistrate, The cases were mostly of an unimuoi tant description, being such as usually originate in love of con pany and an addition to social enjoyment. The) were of course summarily disposed, considerably more ti- the beneBt of Her Majesty's treasury than to the satisfac tion of the parlies concerned. 